Love it here. So personal and comfy! They treat you like family and will make you feel at home. They also sell cute like homemade local products. I truly love this place.I've been here several times since my daughter moved into the neighborhood in August. 2015 so it's time for a headsup on this wonderful neighborhood coffeehouse/cafe.
Reeds is a cozy little place with good lunches and coffees. The husband and wife owners, Sorry I forgot their names are dedicated to providing a friendly, warm place to grab a sandwich and or coffee in the Powelton Village neighborhood. My visits have included stops in just for coffee or bringing a good book and settling in for a relaxing meal. In summer we have loved sitting outside on the wide sidewalk watching the world go by. If you want an old fashioned coffee experience in a chill environment, then stop on in.The chicken sandwich on wheat was delicious and the service was so warm and inviting!Reed's is the best! The people that work there are so kind, and the coffee is delicious. Way better than Starbucks coffee. If you're a Drexel or Penn student, it's definitely worth walking the extra few blocks to go to Reed's rather than Starbucks, Saxby's, or wherever the heck else you guys go.
Update: Kay and George are good people. There are few good people in the world. Get your coffee from them.From what I understand this coffee shop is relatively new, I walked in on a warmish day and ordered a iced coffee, a woman went in the back to make it which I found strange but she returned with the most delicious hazelnut concoction, it really hit the spot! The employees in there were really nice. The sitting area is clean and bright. They even have a fireplace which I can see myself cozying up to in the winter months. I wish them the best of luck and will certainly be back!Kat and George are sweet and lovely. As soon as we walked in we felt like home. George made us amazing breakfast sandwiches and Kat served us her famous butter cake. Yum. The food was good, the ambiance is nice for doing work, but the best part about this place are the owners! We will now be regulars!I WANT to give it 5 stars!!!  The people are really nice and it looks nice, but overall I was very disappointed with it.  I just came in to do some work and sit outside on a nice summery day and have an iced tea.  They have NO fresh brewed iced tea!!  OK, I guess that can happen.  So I ask for an iced coffee.  The very nice woman was completely befuddled by the request.  They don't have anything but a regular industrial coffee maker and she explained to me how she was going to make iced coffee as though she never had before.  She was sweet and asked if I wanted extra ice to cool it down and she even came out later to make sure it was ok, but to be a coffee house and not be able to make an iced coffee is kinda nuts to me.  Seems like most everything is bought.  Cookies, pastries, etc... was not fresh made.  
The trolley is right outside.  Which would be an awesome thing for them to capitalize on, but they really don't.  Instead its a nuisance.  There were people waiting for the bus just sitting at their furniture, being very disruptive (one woman smacked her kid and called her a B$*#h!!!)  
Every criticism I have for this place is constructive and I really hope they fix some of the things that aren't quite right.  If you are going to be a "coffee house" provide coffee house type things!!!  If you are going to have this nice storefront that you've obviously worked very hard on and take pride in, don't let it be littered by nasty people just sitting around on your furniture detracting people from coming in!
I hope they work on the problems they have.  If so, they could have a hit!!!Reed's is a wonderful place! The owner was so warm and welcoming and the cafe is adorable. I can't wait to come back and try the waffles on Saturday morning!Friendliest atmosphere ever! Kat called us by name the whole time we sat in the cafe and served up her delicious breakfast cake which she only makes once a month! Wonderful place. Don't miss it!Feels like home in this place! I couldn't be more welcome in my grandmother's kitchen. Visit every 2nd Friday of the month for karaoke,  it's a great time. I've made some good friends just hanging out and enjoying homemade food.
Who can ask for anything more?!?!Friendly service, affordable prices, great food!!! What a cute coffee shop, must visit!
The sweet potato cheesecake is amazing! I've never had something like it before. A++++How do you give a coffee shop more than 5 stars on Yelp? Amazing service, atmosphere, coffee, pastries, and very clean.Great little coffee shop. Friendly owners, tables, outlets, wifi. $1 coffee refills (for large).I love Reed's! Ms. Kat has to be the sweetest coffee shop owner in the city! And her sweet potato pie is to live for!I usually like to find small coffee shops whenever I travel.  Found this place after walking around for a bit.  Clientele is somewhat affluent and artsy, saw some hipster looking college kids hanging out chatting.  Interesting things hanging around the place although a lot of stuff is not really local to philly.  I prefer a small coffee shop to reflect the culture and history of the towns that they operate in and I just don't really feel it here.  
Decent pricing for the drinks and smells like a coffee shop should smell like.Great service. Everything homemade from the muffins, carrot cake, to the peach cobbler. Awesome selection of teas and coffee. Visited for the day to get a breakfast snack and do a bit of writing. I'd come back everyday.Stopped by after work. The staff were being interviewed by some magazine crew. I ordered a latte and was told the "latte man" was not available so I ordered an iced coffee. Unfortunately the coffee tasted over extracted and bitter. Two espresso machines behind the counter, one is a home Breville double boiler that looked dirty. The grinder was professional grade and filled with about 6oz whole bean coffee. I assume they don't make many lattes as no espresso drink menu was in view. This place is a cool local spot but needs to step up their coffee game if coffee is in the name of your storefront!I never do reviews, but this place deserves it!!! The best waffles in my life, very warm. And You get to know the owner, very lovely lady; definitely a place to visit if you are at university cityThey are the nicest people ever, but they literally take forever.
The food is great and the environment is perfect. But if you are in a rush I wouldn't recommend it.
Besides the long waiting time, it's perfect!Every coffee shop on planet earth needs to Take a lesson from these folks. Great food, amazingly chill ambiance, southern style hospitality owners even asked my name and thanked me for coming. Wow amazing!!!!The Reeds are friendly and welcoming. The coffee is good, the bagels are good, and there's wi-fi. Perfect spot to relax on a Saturday morning.I stopped in here and received such a warm welcome from the happy couple behind the counter.  They served up a perfect espresso and had many cookie and cake options available too.  Very cute spot.Decided to try this place out the other day, and I'm glad I did. The owner personally asked me my name upon entering her store and shook my hand. It was kind of a dreary day, but Reeds had a warm, cozy kind of feel to it. The owners even passed out "shop small" totes to everyone in the place. I will definitely be back!What a sweet cozy little cafe!
Four of us girls came by on a Saturday afternoon to get some work done (and chat up a storm too of course). It's a great place for studying, with power strips along the walls of the cafe and tables that can easily be arranged to accommodate different group sizes. 
But the heart of the cafe (and the reason for the easy 5 stars) is definitely the warm-hearted patrons who are super friendly and attentive. Their emanating kindness just really brightened up the whole atmosphere and gave the cafe a charming homey feel!Cute coffee family-owned shop. Really very sweet people. They greet each one personally. The menu options are very limited though. Also, since its family-owned things take time. You can sit there and enjoy your coffee and have conversation with your friends.Kat and her husband, George, are so sincerely sweet and genuine. They will treat you like you're family. From Reed's classic, homey atmosphere to Kat's out of this world baking, this little morning pit stop stole my heart. You'll definitely want to try Kat's delicious cake slices. They're too good for words. Their homemade hot chocolate is the perfect balance of rich, creamy and sweet. You'll drift off to a simpler time when connecting with great people like Kat and George and undying hospitality was a given. It's a dying art that this wonderful couple has perfected.Great coffee house! Home made food is delicious, mom and pop kind of place! Highly recommend!I really WANT to like this place -- the people there are REALLY nice, it's well decorated, and they sweep the step every morning to help keep the neighborhood clean. I live literally doors away, so investing in the community and supporting businesses here is really important to me. 
However, I have to find the actual food options disappointing. I ordered a bagel and a hot chocolate -- I can't drink coffee for medical reasons. The bagel was ok, nothing special, the kind you can get at any supermarket. While it was serviceable, I prefer Green Line's down the street which come from Le Bus. 
The cocoa was a real disappointment on the other hand. It was simply instant Swiss Miss. If you have a cappuccino machine, as they clearly do, which heats milk for you, I'm confused why you wouldn't just get some sweetened cocoa powder and use that in hot milk. Even Quik in hot milk would be better than a cup of instant! Additionally, I am 99% sure it was sugar free, and I really hate the taste of aspartame. I'm afraid I wound up tossing it. :/
Reeds, I want to love you. So close, so pleasant, and ALMOST everything I would need in a coffee shop -- but I do suggest stepping up your food game a little.I absolutely love this place! I try to have all of my business meeting here because of the space and awesome foods!We're  out of the area but would like to visit Reeds coffee and tea shop at least once a month 
Paul and MaryI love Reeds.  It's such a cute shop with a really cozy atmosphere.  They seem to be a real cornerstone of the Lancaster neighborhood.  Everyone there knows everyone, and if you don't already be prepared to meet a lot of new friendly people.  Kay and George are so friendly and welcoming I feel like I'm around family whenever I'm there.  But, don't let that put you off if you have never been.  It isn't the kind of place that feels like a club you aren't invited to.  This is one of the very first places I ever went in Philadelphia when I first visited and it was part of convincing me this is where I wanted to move.  
The coffee is tasty and fresh, and the baked goods are almost all made in house.  Don't miss George's fresh baked chocolate chip cookies when you have the chance!  This is a great place for meeting friends, studying (free wifi), or a bite to eat.  Waffles on Saturdays are always a favorite. :)  When the weather is warm they also host 2nd Friday events like live music and other local performers.The most friendly coffee shop owners I have seen thus far. And their blueberry iced tea ain't bad either!This place is friendly and has a homelike feel. The couple that own the place provide great customer service. I found a new spot to hang out!Kind, genuine, friendly service that you will be hard pressed to find matched or exceeded anywhere else in the tristate area. Good coffee, great ambiance, stellar place to get some work done for a couple of hours. Support your local business and show this place some love.Homemade chocolate cake, la Colombe coffee, cosy, friendly, with nice owner. What could be better?This place is friendly and has a homelike feel. The couple that own the place provide great customer service. I found a new spot to hang out!As a southerner, I'm not the worlds biggest fan of Philadelphia. The people can be rude, harsh and otherwise unemotional. Please know that Reed's is the exact opposite of this. A wonderful coffee shop with homemade pastries that were delicious.
As much as the coffee and food were excellent, the service was better. To think that in 2016, a coffee shop can still serve you and ask for you to pay AFTER you've finished your meal or email browsing! The owners care about the surrounding community and said hello to three regular customers by first name in the hour that I spent here.
The world needs more places like Reed's and I'm fortunate to live right around the cornerThis is my go to coffee shop, the coffee is wonderful quality and the service can't be beat. Mrs. Kat & George - the owners- go above and beyond for customers making sure you're comfortable while making you feel welcomed. The quaint atmosphere re and service remind me of when I lived in Louisiana...that wonderful southern hospitality  :) So many of their baked goods are also home made, my favorite is the black walnut cake!An excellent coffee shop with character. The owner, Ms. Kay, is hospitable and wonderful. She creates a community atmosphere that feels like home. The food is excellent and the customers love to have conversations with one another. You can sit and relax and lose two hours just talking about politics and current events. I will be back for the fresh waffles ! 
:-)I was blazing down Lancaster on my way to do some off site working and I was going to make a detour to 34th to swing by Starbucks when I saw this spot along my route. 
Reed's is a nice little mom and pop coffee and tea spot along Lancaster. It appears to be freshly renovated inside with cute decor and hard woods. Looks great- and really stands out along Lancaster with the outdoor steating and sun umbrellas. 
My turkey sandwich was made on the spot and the coffee is decent (I like it a little bolder but I like mom and pop's- so I'll be alright ;-) I was the only patron in there- so I'm not sure how they'll handle a crowd.
They even offer organic coffee which seems to be a HUGE draw these days. Smart. 
They take credit cards using an iphone so that was neat because I'm working and the receipt was mailed directly to my email- now I won't lose it!
On my way out, they asked me to come again- I like that. 
Nice people and really help pick up the worn down atmosphere in the Powelton area. I was going to give them four stars but I added the fifth because I'm really routing for them. Good luck Reeds!Just the most wonderfully friendly and fun couple I have met in any restaurant anywhere. Great coffee and warm food all in an atmosphere of one's own front room. They introduced themselves and asked our names when we arrived and we enjoyed watching toddlers toddle and people come and go as we waited for breakfast burritos, hash browns and bagels and cream cheese. A really lovely experience I would recommend to all.Kat and George run a place that some people spend a lifetime looking for and never findReed's is one of the best coffee shops I have been to in awhile! Since I don't drink coffee I can't speak on the quality of it. As an avid tea drinker they have a large selections of loose teas to choose from. More than the standard 5 or so that are usually at coffee shops. They are great with answering questions about any food on their menu. This cozy family owned shop is a quiet place to get some work done. I can't wait to try their bunch that everyone raves about.Reed's makes the best tuna on rye, hands down! The owners are very welcoming and it's a great place to relax after a long day if biking and sightseeing. Thanks for adding that extra touch of magic to our first trip to Philly, Reed's!I meet clients at Reeds whenever I'm in that part of town. Great atmosphere. Great coffee. Great (homemade) cookies. Sweet woman owns the place and tells me all the time about their Waffle Saturdays.Very cute coffee shop. Real mom and pop shop (Kay and George). Serves "light breakfast" and "light lunch" (Kay's words).
I was there for breakfast on a Monday.
Would give it 5 stars if they had more breakfast choices.
Very good coffee. Free wi-fi. Best breakfast sandwich ever....turkey bacon, egg and cheese on English muffin.
Kay greets everyone with a handshake and wants to know your name and your story. Felt like I was in a friend's home. She asked if I was in a rush. They don't pull your pre-made sandwich out of the fridge and into a microwave. They make it to order, so it takes a little time. Worth the wait.
If you're ok with the wooden chairs, it's a great spot to hang out.
They have a chessboard and some other games, including Balderdash....my favorite.
Lots of cakes and pastries that looked good.
Wish they were in my neighborhood.The decoration of the restaurant is very lovely. We had the homemade belgium waffle with turkey bacon, red velvet cake and cherry cobbler muffin. They were all great! The cake was moist and DELICIOUS!!!!The owners are so nice. You would not want to miss this cafe.Reed's Coffee provided catering for an event we were holding for students at a dormitory on Penn's campus. They definitely provide a brunch that is more on the sweet side, which is in line with their products--some breakfast burritos and hard-boiled eggs, but mostly muffins, bagels, cookies, and sweetbreads. So keep that in mind if you're thinking about ordering from them. That being said, they were incredible to work with. I spoke mostly with George, who was always friendly and easy to get in touch with and coordinate the details of the catering with. The food that they brought was plentiful, fresh, and delicious. They took a lot of care with the presentation too. Definitely highly recommended to others who may be interested.Small and cozy little neighborhood coffee place, good lunch food and home made sweets. The owners are always there with a big smile and doing their best to make you feel welcomed.
The coffee itself is damn good! Not because the have La Marzocco or a Simonelli machine, but because the coffee beans are really really good! The bad thing is that they have a good quality home espresso machine that lacks both the temperature control and pressure to give that full body flavors, aromas  and of course the seductive Crema. I really hope their business picks up and they are able to invest in comercial machine, so I will do my part and go as often as possible. Why not, the food is good and the service is great!Hello Reed's,
We will be paying you a long overdue visit this Friday (late morning) 2/21/14. Can't wait to see you and catch up. Get the coffee up! :D
Thursday 6:30pm husband and I are looking for coffeehouse in the Drexel Park area. We were going to the cool movie nights they have there. Alas, it seemed all the local coffee places close by 4pm, why?
Yelp to the rescue...like a beacon of hope in a barren desert was Reed's.
Such a cozy, welcoming place (I can picture it on a cold winter night).
Reed's is run by a lovely couple, George and Kay. They have created a place where you can sit and chat, read or go online. I would encourage the chatting. The coffee is made with care. I actually drank mine black.
Now we have a neighborhood place enjoy! Thank you, Yelp! Thank you, Reed's!Passing through the neighborhood and found this coffee house on Yelp.  Great atmosphere and wonderful service.  Made me feel right at home.  Good coffee and even better muffin.It's a cute little shop with a nice assortment of drinks and sweets to choose from.  Kathleen is the sweetest person ever. I came with a friend and she inmediately introduced herself to us. I got a slice of cheesecake and it's extremely creamy. I would definitely come back!Go to Reeds if you want to slow down your day. No, that's not a dig, it's actually high praise for this cozy and charming coffee shop. Reeds isn't the place where you'd grab a coffee "to go" when you're in a big rush; it's the kind of place where you bring a good book or a laptop and post up for an hour or two. It's a place where you can take a break from the fast-paced stress of your day and let the minutes slip into hours as you work your way peacefully through some study materials. 
The owners, Kay and George, are so sweet and hospitable that it's impossible not to feel welcome here. Kay makes sure to introduce herself and learn your name when she takes your order, and she always ensures that you're happy and comfortable while you're at her shop. The homey atmosphere was a HUGE asset to my work flow too. I had a couple hours to kill before work last week, so I stopped by for tea, a bagel, and a place to study. I was pleased with how much I accomplished in the 2 hours I spent at Reeds and that was due, in a large part, to the way Kay made me feel at home away from home. The space itself is also lovingly decorated and comfortable. If you're a hipster coffee snob, you'll probably enjoy other places in the area more, but if you enjoy family-owned gems with an unpretentious and welcoming vibe, then definitely drop in!Just tried out reeds for the first time yesterday; had a great cup of coffee and a delicious piece of banana bread that was home baked by the owner. This is a small business that definitely needs and deserves the support of the neighborhood. I have a great new cafe to frequent, thanks Reeds!Comfy neighborhood coffee shop.  Coffee is always fresh.  The real secret is the baked goods.  Both the owner/operators bake, and it's fabulous.  Check out Saturday Waffle Brunch as well for a no-frills yet truly tasty breakfast.I was introduced to this coffee shop by a friend and I love it!  They have a great selection of teas.  I didn't get a coffee so I can't comment on that.  
The atmosphere and clientele are amazing and the prices are reasonable.  I got the homemade peach cobbler, and it tasted just like grandmas!  The homemade turkey meatball sub was soooo good.  
George and Kay are a great!  Very friendly and nice married couple.  So sweet.  Makes me want to get married and start a coffee shop with my husband.  
I've read some other reviews that were lower stars and mainly it seems like kinks that need to be worked out when opening a new business.great coffee, homemade food and baked goods, stellar service. the owner is adorable and remembers every customer. you feel very at home at this place. excellent for a date or studying.Very friendly and hospitable place! Upon entering my first time the service was so superb and welcoming I felt like I was a regular. Certainly you will treated as a regular too!Reeds was a lovely experience with warm and friendly people who made me feel right at home. It was also so inspiring to hear the story about a couple who followed their happiness to establish this delightful shop. Waffles were awesome and the coffee just right. I would definitely tell friends to come here to chat with the fantastic owners and enjoy the inviting atmosphere. The next time I'm in Philly I will be back!Not only the sweetest business owners I've ever met but generally some of the sweetest people I've ever met in Philadelphia. Wonderful hospitality and great coffee. Feels more like home than home.Such a friendly and welcoming cafe! I haven't tried their menu items but everyone here is so wonderfully pleasant.Kat and George are absolutely delightful! The coffee and breakfast are excellent, prices are reasonable, and the company can't be beat. A true gem :)I am a big fan of Reeds Cafes Spinach Noodle Pasta dish served warm or cold. As  a vegan, it is important to me to find cafes/ restaurants that serve the dishes I enjoy. Reeds continues to have my favorite dishes each time I visit. I tried the homemade banana cake, cheescake and the lemon cake. They were delicious. Reed's Cafe has become my favorite cafe in the area. Welcome to the neighbor.This place is adorable. The owners are so sweet I can't stand it. I have passed this place countless times and finally went in. It's a small place with outdoor seating ( super yay) . The menu is small, and the place is filled with little treats. I had the blueberry tea. Homemade, and perfect. It was awesome cold tea that was clearly made with care. I can't wait to go back and try some other things. The proximity is perfect and I hope this place lasts.Reed's is my home-away-from-home when I need to get out of my home office and see a friendly face.
Diverse clientele includes people of all backgrounds. Leads to opportunity to exchange ideas about community and for me to learn from younger generation.
Homemade lentil soup and tuna salad are not to be missed. Belgian waffles on Saturdays also wonderful.The owners are really nice, and the food and drinks are great! Great breakfast burrito, solid coffee, and a wide selection of teas.Five stars for service, two stars for coffee.
Ordered two Americanos and they were far too watered down. Super disappointed :(
Star of this show was Kat, the owner. She was sweet as pie and a delight to interact with.
Maybe next time I'll just get a drip coffee.They are really friendly, the coffee is good, and the space is inviting.  Plus there are a few outdoor spaces.  Today I tried the lemon pound cake, which was excellent.  I am hoping to try their sandwiches on one of my lunch breaks some time soon.  This is a great addition to the Lancaster Ave. corridor.Stumbled into this awesome coffee house with the most charming owners/couple I've ever met. Mrs Reed is charming and nurturing to her customer and a maven of information. Mr Reed is the strong silent type always moving about doing odds and ends while making small talk. #APerfectMarriage...I think I've found a home in West Philly! #MuchSuccessTwoYouBothCoffee and Pound Cake.
This is another one of the Lancaster cafe's that I find to have decent coffee, which pairs well with their pound cake. As a student, I live off of coffee, and as a Yelper, I've tried enough that I can discern what's good and what's not. In other threads, I have referred to myself as a coffee snob. Guilty as charged (well, self-incriminated, at least).
I'm going to say that this is probably the best one on Lancaster Avenue in this area, but the basis for comparison is rather limited as well, so take that with a grain of salt. 
The dark (or bold, whatever you want to call it) coffee is quite good, and is made to my liking. The Starbucks 'burned and bitter' taste (see last paragraph if you have no idea what I'm talking about) is not present, so that's definitely a big plus. A lot of coffee shops tend to think that this is the way to make it better? I should most certainly think not.
All in all, the reason for docking a star is as follows:
1) While their coffee is good, for a specialty cafe of their size, it needs to be better. Hot drinks should be their bread and butter, and if you're going to design a business around the same, you need to be the best at what you do. Personal philosophy.
=====
For the record, there was once a minor issue wherein I ordered a regular cup of coffee and received it from the same carafe as the person ahead of me, who had ordered decaf. I was taken aback by this at first, but the folks at Reeds were proactive and reached out to me regarding this, and I'm sure that it was just a one-off mistake more than anything else. It's always great to see small businesses actively monitoring their social media presence! +1 to Reeds!
=====
Tip/Experiment: If you're wondering what on earth I'm talking about with regards to burned coffees, try this experiment. Get one cup of Starbucks' coffee, and brew another one of Bali Blue Moon from Trader Joe's. You'll understand what I mean really really fast. Heck, even get a cup of coffee from Reeds or Green Line Cafe (both in Powelton Village), and you'll still see what I mean! Here's a link to further explain:
http://worldofcaffeine.com/2011/03/09/burned-beans-the-shame-of-starbucks/Lucky Lancaster Avenue! Lucky us! We arrived on a gorgeous September morning. Cat and her husband made us right at home. I loved my turkey sausage sandwich on a bagel and the iced cake was a treat too. The owners came to the project of running a coffee shop later in life--running on faith and kindness. You can sit outside or enjoy the homey inside with its rug and Franklin stove. We'll be back!I want to love this place so badly and a part of me really does. I love the owner and the people who work here, I love how enthusiastic she is and how she promotes her business. 
I love the space and how comfortable it is. It really is an awesome establishment. 
I just can't come here as often as I want due to a couple strong reasons.
#1 The prices are ridiculously expensive. A large iced coffee is only 16 ounces here and is over $3.00. 
#2 The service is slow. If you are trying to grab a cup of coffee on the go, you will either be roped into a long conversation which is fine for a lazy Sunday but is incredibly unnerving when you are in a rush. 
#3 The owner  doesn't have "barista" skills. Our iced coffee today barely had ice in it. This happens often. She has killer cooking and baking skills but when it comes to preparing a drink I am often left unimpressed.Excellent people all around. Owners are player/coaches and because of it, customer service is top notch. I will definitely be back.
Coffee is solid, and the turkey sausage breakfast sandwich hit the spot.Yes, yelpers, yes it's as good as it gets! Drop your overrated Starbucks that will burn a hole in your pocket and make your way over to Reeds where practically everything is under 5 dollars. Reeds coffee and tea house is by far has my FAVORITE coffee additionally is my favorite comfy coffee shop. The owners Kat and Reed are always so inviting and nice. I just love to come in and see them. Their coffee is one village coffee and it has the perfect taste that is out of this world and this review is coming from a coffee nut who loves to travel to different coffee shops to relax and get my work done. No more traveling for me cause Reeds hit the spot.This is a great neighborhood coffee shop run by two of the nicest people I have ever met, Kat and George. They make you feel right at home.  Coffee is great and can't wait to go back and try the Saturday Belgian waffles (9-4).The owners were very friendly. The place is cozy and feels like home. The food was amazing. They told us that the preparation will take some time and we did not mind waiting because it was worth it. We would definitely come back here when we come and visit Philly.As a wanderlusting vagabond, I usually always try to scout out awesome coffee shops to do my computer work while I'm on the road, and what a fabulous find! Located in a parkable spot for travelers, I quickly nested within the coffee house ambience and made myself at home. The staff was very friendly, and the coffee mug was large (not a small little ol' thing). Check out this cozy place and support a local business.Kat is SO sweet and so kind, and just really makes you feel great. I can't wait to work from here and make this my regular coffee spot!Atmosphere is nice, but they have no idea what they are doing. I asked for an iced coffee and it came with some milk or cream in it. When I asked what it was she had no idea. Turned out to be coffeemate hazelnut creamer... Coffee should come black unless otherwise specified. $3.50 for a small iced coffee, never going back again.A cozy little place run by some of the friendliest people I've ever met. The breakfast burritos and hash browns were passable, but the waffles and coffee were terrific. A peaceful, friendly setting. We enjoyed our visit.