Pizza, wings, steaks are good.. chicken fingers which are the most basic thing you can get is Not good which is a bummerUsually, a free pizza is good enough just because it was free. 
In the summer, my boyfriend and I ordered a pizza and when it came, each of us had a slice, or half a slice, more likely, and chalked it up to it being around 9 PM when we ordered it. I tried to call to let the manager know that the onions and peppers on it were completely raw, but no one answered.
I let them know the next day and they offered me a replacement immediately. It was that bad that we didn't even want it. Eventually, I wanted to try them again because I like to support the local guys.
Seriously the worst pizza I've ever had and technically, since we paid $14 for the first one and didn't eat it, this one wasn't exactly "free." It wasn't worth the five bucks to the delivery driver. I don't know how they stay in business.I just don't know how one day your pizza is the best I've ever had, then a week later I wouldn't feed it to my dog , please  get it together ! And stay good !!! Sorry yelpers  I've only had their pizza and nothing else so look at other reviews for other types of foodOrdered over the phone for delivery. Pleasant expirience. The delivery man was very pleasant as well. 
I ordered plain large pizzas. I did not enjoy the food at all. Crust seems preordered, cheese has no flavor and the sause also seemed preordered as well. It was similar to a frozen pizza in the supermarket. Not ordering from here again. Sorry guys.I only had buffalo wings pepperoni pizza & white pizza which were good. I'll give 5stars once I taste more items off menuService is slow but super friendly. Food isn't greasy at all +++ I have to say when the put peppers in my salad by accident they gave me no problem making a new one and offered my friend the one with peppers as someone with a food allergy that is awesome I always worry they will just take it back and pick them off it's happened before and I've gotten sick. Was nice to have someone come apologize because he misread a ticket and felt really bad they could have gotten me sick. That goes a long way with me I will always go back!Im highly disappointed in Renzis. I ordered 50 wings and they were horrible. I usually do not mind paying $$$ for Renzis due to the quality and taste but the wings i received yesterday were horrible. Not fully cooked , barely any sauce.We order from here a lot. It's decently priced, tasty pizza. I like it because it's thin, crispy crust. I also like that you can get the sauce on top if you want. My only complaint is that they don't offer a medium pizza... only small or large. Delivery is usually pretty quick since it's so close to my house.Things have gotten a little better here. I do not know if the cooks have changed or if the owner realized that people with competence is who should be working here. I haven't tried delivery again yet but coming here to grab a bite before I get my kid from school has been better then beforeGreat pizza place with great chicken sandwiches , fries and milkshakes! Great service and print delivery too!Had one great burger from here today, to tell the truth I always get my burgers delivered from geno's on Frankford Ave but they are closed Sundays so I figured I'd try this place cause they left a menu on my front step. Not sure why I took an hour to get here but was pleased that it was still warm, definitely my new burger spot but be sure and order before you are to hungry.Literally live around the corner and my order is still not here for delivery after 2 hours the mostJust ordered the sicilian pizza and fries it was extremely disappointing. The delivery man was very nice that's why I rated this one star. The pizza took 45 mins to get to my house but I figured it be worth it. The pie was soggie and most of the cheese was stuck to the box. My husband eats anything and he threw the entire pie away....waste of 20 dollars. Change is bad do yourself a favor and order from montesinisThought I'd give this place a try....
First it was like an hour for delivery.  Ok, I'll deal with that since it was a Friday night.  The people on the phone were SUPER NICE! 
Now....
Ordered a burger platter, menu says kaiser roll, i didn't get that.  I got a cheap whopper bun that stuck to the meat.  The fries weren't cooked all the way...soggy and cold.  The cole slaw was GREAT! Pickles were good too, not the cheap ones like most places.  I am on the edge about this place....
Thinking I might give it another try, since the people were so nice..... The burger wasn't bad, just would of been better on the kaiser roll.  I will never get fries again from there though.I have given this place one too many chances over the years. 
Today was the straw the broke the Camel's back.
This place consistently messes orders up, takes 1.5-2 hours to deliver, and has untrained employees.We LOVE Renzis. They're food is great and even better the people. Always polite, patient and the driver even remembered our dogs name! We receive a $3 off coupon once in a while which is cool. We support this local business! Thumbs up Renzis!Love the pizza here!  It is not greasy & gross like so many other Philly pizza places.
Good cheesesteaks too.
Their original location is in Bridesburg, which I find to be slightly better, but for being a second location they are fabulous.Renzi's is a great food place. I don't care so much for the pizza but they have great wings and hogies ect. Definitely recommend getting food there but if you do pick up don't get it delivered it takes almost an hour or even more. But if you can wait do it!Cheesesteak hoagie good but got a chicken quesadilla and it can't be chicken it taste like it turkey it gotta be turkey !!!LOVE the food here, and how they do a heart shaped pizza. Ordered one for an early valentine's surprise through online delivery. The order apparently was never received to the restaurant, which I do not get but I can understand, things happen, restaurants get busy. However, the best part is I now have to pay for a pizza I never received because the girl said she has no way of proving I paid or not. I have worked in the restaurant business for years and this is something that would NEVER happen anywhere else. Paying for things you did not even receive? Unbelievable. Do not understand how a business can run off these ethics. Good luck with that!Waited over two hours for our food , it was cold and missing half the order ! What a disgrace of customer serviceRenzi's Pizza is "AWESOME" reminds me of pizza on the Boardwalk!! Greatest Delivery Guys Make Sure you Tip Them Well !!! Good Men!!Well they were super polite on the phone and the counter girls very very nice.  But the pizza was not very good it wasn't terrible but it wasn't very good the crust undercooked and the middle completely doughy, the cheese barely melted and just not very good all around. With some amazing pizza in the area this is a last resort.Never had a bad pie from Renzi's. When I met my husband, he was a Renzi's virgin. Well I took care of that and now he swears by their pizza. Also they have this Reese's peanut butter pie. It's incredible.Ate here the other day for a quick lunch. Upon arrival it wasn't very busy. I ordered a cheesesteak and was offered the lunch special for $9.00. The lunch special was cheesesteak, fries and soda.
The fries weren't very good. They had a coating on them, not a fan. The cheesesteak was very good. The roll was very fresh and the steak was seasoned well. It's not hard to find a decent steak in Philly, but it's hard to find a good one. Overall it was a good meal. They only allow one free refill due to the soda tax. I would stop by again.I give this establishment a 3 star ratio  because their pizza has gotten a lot better. And by better I mean they always used to burn the hell out of the pizza, the cheese was bland as well overall used to be horrible and a waste of money now I can at least say the pizza is edible haven't tried any of their other food yet but I will in the future.Learned my lesson years ago not to order their pizza since other places around have much better pizza.
Anyways! I was worked late one night and was starving so I dug through all of my menus to find a place opened late, I chose Renzi's!
I ordered Fettichini Alfredo with chicken and broccoli, It was a bad call. The sauce was what you'd expect from a pizza place, average. The pasta was way over cooked, typical. I could live with both of those things but the chicken tasted weird. I don't know how to describe it but it just tasted VERY odd. 
I refused to continue eating so after a few bites, I tossed it. Last time I will order from them. Next time I will be ordering from Dominos.Not that good... The original Renzi's in Bridesburg is soo much better. The pizza here is very low quality, French fries are always raw, and below average service. I think 2 stars is being generousBrought my girlfriend here and have had Renzis, dine in and take out. I never had a problem the pizza is always amazing, it even tastes good when it's been sitting in the box after being hot. I await the day to be disappointed, I haven't had any of there other items so I can't begin to speculate, sorry yelpers. Hope Renzis can satisfy the people who didn't enjoy it much. I would give them another chance at surprising you!Another lunchbreak choice for this week. Got delivery on Friday. Decent anchovy pizza. They used good Italian ones.  Also the first time I had an upside-down pie (sauce on top). Wasn't sure what to expect, but, I'm a fan now.I love this place! They have some of the best pizza in the northeast. The toppings taste fresh and of great quality. They definitely don't skimp when it comes to ingredients and use some great stuff. I've only had pizza but it's delicious and the prices are very reasonable.It is a shame that this place is still in business. The original Renzi's in Bridesburg is great. I do not know how this place could be so terrible. Whenever I ordered there (whether it was in person or over the phone) the order would be wrong. The girls who work behind the counter are idiots. They also like to spend more time flirting with the cooks in the back than doing what they are supposed to do. I ordered a slice and the girl burned it because she was simply not paying attention to the length of time she left the slice in the oven.
Speaking of slices. The slice pies are always old. You can tell because of how they look. I stopped ordering slices because of it. 
I tried to speak to the manager before about the service and he just kind of laughed it off. Needless to say I have stopped going there. I order elsewhere now. 
This place needs to hire better people behind the counter and a better manager that actually cares about what happens in the store.Gave them 3 tries! Food isn't bad but that's when you actually get it. 
First time: ordered jumbo shrimp they delivered shrimp in a basket. I had to drive there to give it back and get what I wanted (although I paid for delivery already and tipped the driver) 
Second time: I ordered for delivery. After an hour I called to see what going on and the said "we couldn't find you address or phone number, we can make you new food since it's been sitting and send it now" no thanks, I rather not wait another hour. 
Third time (today): ordered for delivery and after 45 min I asked if my food left, they said yes (they're not too far from me) I waited 20 more minutes and I called back and "the food left, were short on drivers it will be there shortly" 15 more minutes I called and canceled it. The girl who answered could careless, didn't apologize for the wait, offer a discount- although I wouldn't have took it because I will NEVER order from there again.I used to order from these guys ALL the time from my job. The food is generally pretty good, but I've had my order messed up a couple of times. Which sucks, especially because they're a bit expensive for a pizza place. Also, when ordering delivery - your food will arrive stone cold. 
Sometimes the girls answering the phone have attitudes too. I've had their pizza, pasta, salads and wraps. 
Don't order the pasta - costs an arm and a leg and they have no concept of "al dente."
Not terrible, but they'd be so much better if they worked on their customer service and making sure they were getting the orders right.I've had there chicken cheese steak and the bread is nice and fresh, the chicken was just the way I liked it. We also had there pepperoni cheese steak and my family loved it and I love love love there Italian wrap! !!My first time ordering. Came fast, service was cool, food was hot and GOOD!  I got my food delivered! no complaints from me!Love Renzi's pizza. I think the people there are pretty friendly too. I've never had an issue with them. 
The Bridesburg location is great too, but more out of my way than the one in mayfair. 
my holy trinity of pizza in the northeast is Vince's, Tony's, and Renzi's. In that order, but it's a huge toss up between who I prefer between Tony's and Renzi's.This isn't my usual place to order from but I was in the neighborhood visiting someone and this was the closest place. Their cheese fries are pretty good. So is their sampler platter. The delivery was fast and the prices are reasonable. I didn't really like their poppers however. They seemed spicier than any other place I've ordered from.I love their food!never had a bad meal there and it looks very clean inside. Beware of delivery service because you'll wait for an hour at least. I always pick up and it's hot fresh and ready fast.I few recent encounters with Mayfair Renzi's leads me to believe the quality control is totally slipping here.
I consider myself a connoisseur of chicken Caesar wraps, and the wraps here are the worst. The chicken tastes like particle board and there's hardly any dressing, even when you ask for extra dressing. 
We ordered a Sicilian pizza yesterday and it was pretty terrible. First of all, it was completely burnt, and shouldn't have even left the store like that. But the inside of the pizza was mushy...it tasted like it was microwaved at some point. Just terrible. 
The fries were raw and floppy. Gross. 
The buffalo chicken pizza is still delicious somehow, but that's where it begins and ends for me.Renzi's food is great but they take forever to deliver. I ordered food at 10:00 on a Thursday night it's 11:17 and since they're closed no one will answer the phone when I call to ask about the status of my order. I've worked at a pizza place before and they can very easily just check the caller ID to see if it's a customer calling in regards to their order.This place is absolutely ridiculous! My fiancé and myself ordered from here multiple times for delivery. Then one day we call and all of a sudden they don't deliver to my address with no explanation which makes it even worst they tried to tell me I didn't order from there cause they do not deliver this far. Even online they come up as being able to deliver to me on there company website! Sad part is the food was actually pretty good. Never heard of an business that didn't want money. Sorry SOBsOur usual cheesesteak place that delivers in Frusco's closed recently and we also learned Wit or Witout closed so we were hard pressed to find a delivery steak joint (neither Joe's or Steve's Prince of Steaks delivers). A friend of ours recommended Renzi's and they make great steaks. Super soft rolls with chopped sirloin, I ordered one with provolone and pepperoni and it was fantastic. A lot of places use really fatty meat but this steak was lean and delicious. Highly recommended. Plan to try out the pizza next time.Theyre always fast delivery and foods always great the owner is always nice and friendly we order multiple times a week at my garage and never had a bad experince or bad food def recommend the pizza and the chickenStopped in for lunch while I was working in the area. This was my first visit I ordered two slices of cheese pizza. The pizza slices were fresh and had a good flavor. The service was fast and friendly. I will stop again if I'm in the area and maybe try a Cheese Steak next time.Finally a pizza joint sporting upside down pizza! Been looking for this for awhile as I grew up eating a similar style. They have a sense of humor in here, parking, well taken care of. Lucky to have them not far outside of Philly.
I took off one star because of the small pizza problem which some pizza places understand and that's why they only give you a medium or large option. When you get small pizzas the slices aren't the same size as a medium or a large and they tend to be thicker and a lot different this is very annoying as I want to get what I see, not something that's very different at least texture wise.
There reason I took off a star is because the pizza lacks complexity. It's very simplistic. Although that's okay, I highly recommend to edit your order to make it how you want I suggest extra cheese and maybe something else like ask them to leave it in the oven a bit longer because of the style you really want the sauce baked on top.
Overall though this is a nice fun pizza shop in with customisation it can be enjoyableI ordered my food over the phone for delivery paid for my food with my credit card over the phone. When my food was delivered the driver told me something happened and I've to call the store cause my card was being decline  so I called the store gave them my credit number again they keep telling me that it was not going through. The lady on phone kept telling me that I don't have enough money in my account to pay for my which I did or I would've not placed a order in the first place!! My bank shut down my credit card because they kept putting my numbers in over and over!! I paid $32.60 for food that I never even got which the money did come out of my account but the lady on the phone kept telling me it didn't and kept trying to tell me I had no money in my account to pay for the food after I kept telling her I paid for the food and it came out of my account she than said you'll get your money back in three days!!! So I was charged $32.60 for food I never even got and now have to wait three days for my money back!!!  Never again I don't care how good the food is you don't charge people for food and not give it them because you missed up on your side!! And why would they try to put my credit card numbers in so many times!!!Before I placed my order, I asked your agent if you delivered to the address... he confirmed it with a staff member and took my order and payment. Ten minutes later another agent called to say you don't deliver to the address,sorry,bye! I said ,wait.. it's paid for..she informed me  that I would be refunded in a day or two! The customer should never suffer due to an employee error. Fortunately, I have additional funds available and can purchase food elsewhere at this time. Others may be inconvenienced.. no food from you (due to employee error) and no funds to purchase elsewhere. The manager made a poor decision in resolving this issue. Further, it was rude to ignore additional calls and to hang up without responding when I called to resolve the issue. It's sad that I had to use another number to get a response. I have enjoyed your food and service at your location. Sadly, I will not be returning due to the uncaring and uncooperative treatment I experienced today and will discourage others to do so. Finally, after too much discussion and a visit to the store by my son,thank you for providing proof that my credit card transaction has been cancelled.
-RBASSI'm giving a 2 star because this place is really hit or miss with there pizza. Today I ordered a lg well done pizza and received a barely cooked one. I had to put it in my own over. Sometimes we order pizza from here and it is excellent but more times than not it is subpar. I don't think I'm going to risk ordering from here again. I need consistency.I ordered a burger, fries, and quesadilla from Renzis on a Monday around noon. I waited about an hour for the delivery driver before I called back. Upon calling, I was informed the driver was here and I did not answer the door or my phone. I informed the lady on the phone that no one called and no one came by my house. They took down the right number & address this time. All in all, this place is always messing things up. I've been ordering here for a couple months because I do like the food, but it's just not worth the trouble. High prices & extremely bad service. Thanks but no thanks. No one took fault, no discount, and no customer loyalty. There just so many places that appreciate my business. I'll be going else where from now on.I'm not sure how this place could only get 3 stars. The pizza is really good. The service is even better. Not that I managed to take advantage of it, but you can seat yourself and have your order taken by one of the staff. I know it doesn't sound spectacular in regards to restaurants, but this is a pizza joint. There's not many pizza spots in Philly that takes that approach to service, and I've been to a ton in Philadelphia alone. You're more likely to find a pizza restaurant where you order at the counter and they bring it over to you. 
I'm not a person who cares about having that level of service from a pizza joint, but the fact that Renzi's takes service this seriously stands out to me.
Did I mention the pizza was really good?Ordered a Sicilian pizza and farm fries. The pizza barely had any cheese on it and was burnt! The fries was cold and had about a can of gravy on them. Ordered for delivery a few times and it takes well over an hour despite only being 6 streets away. This place is consistently bad. If you call up and make a complaint, the manager gives you an attitude. They used to be decent but not any more. There are too many other places in the area to go to!I used to love renzis Mayfair but tonight was the last straw...everytime I call some cocky lil counter girl gives me attitude n than gets the order wrong That I deal with.. but they screw up something everytime I order now ...tonight I ordered it took forever to give the order bc the counter girls They tell me an hour well i called back to ck on my order an hour n half later n the cocky little counter girl basically said I never placed the order or she said maybe I called the Bridesburg store which is impossible since only have Mayfair store programmed in my phone ...plus I used my points towards the order n yet ITS MY MISTAKE SO BASICALLY ONE OR BOTH S***TY COUNTER Girls DIDNT EVEN PUT MY ORDER IN???? IM SO OVER RENZISWe get our cars fixed here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/v-and-v-auto-philadelphia#hrid:_0UE3P1NZSGMv1RwJqAS-A/src:self
We live in Cheltenham Township.  On the way back from dropping off the car for some work we were both hungry and since it was past 9PM on a Monday we were not sure if Austrian Village in Rockledge
http://www.yelp.com/biz/austrian-village-jenkintown
would be open, so on impule we pulled into Renzi's which was right on the way on Harbison and Battersby.
They were out of Pizza by the slice so we both got chicken cheesesteaks and we shared some pizza fries.
The streaks were outstanding - hot right off the flat top just delicious!  They had delicious soft rolls that are great for steaks but IMO not ideal for hoagies - will check that some time.  The Chicken was real chicken and was not cooked into hard lumps but were cooked and served at an ideal stage of doneness.
The Pizza fries were less then outstanding - the fries were not fully cooked which many places do with fries so they dont burn when melting the cheese - oh well, the wife is the fries lover.  I bet they would do ok plain fries.
We will be back soon, it was that good!The food is good here unfortunately I found a hair in my cheese whiz steak.. the cooks should be wearing a hair net and gloves. I will not be ordering from here again.The food was delivered ice cold everything 67.00 worth of food pizza chicken parm sandwich mozzarella sticks driver forgot the 2 milkshakes not ordering from here againGood tomato pie. Friendly people. Neighborhood classic solid spot. Good prices. My wife loved their mozzarella friesI just ordered from Renzi's pizza. The pizza came in a timely manner. Forty dollars for three large pies is a good deal if the pizza was Amazing, it was not. It was very good but not Amazing. It was good enough for me to order again. I think the upside down pie was the best. I also ordered a pepperoni pie and that was also pretty good. The regular pie I ordered was good.i usually like renzis but tonight is it , first we ordred honey babq chicken wings @ 430pm it ame @ 515 no problem but they gave us hot wings so we called to let them know, first th cashier had to get permission to switch , whatever- this is @ 520pm did not recieve the replacment until 645 and after 3 phone calls and a call to the manager who gave me an excuse "we are short staffed" is that my problem. i guess they should tell the customer that in the first place!Horrible management.... 
When their workers clearly make a mistake instead of just owning up to it they talk to you rudely on the phone and hang up on you and then try to ignore your call before even resolving the issue.... Guess they never heard of customer first. 
They'll never get another dollar from me or anyone that I know...The last three orders we received were all screwed up, and we will no longer give this establishment our business. The previous few orders were all late. One order was over 40 minutes late, and we received another houses' pizza and sandwich. Just about every time we order a kids' meal, the driver forgets to bring the drinks. When I call and ask the status of our order, the counter persons are quick to get us off the phone and are rude. We have been ordering from these guys for close to eight years or so. No more. Things have been getting worse, and the pandemic is no longer a valid excuse. My wife and I both work full-time jobs and have three kids under the age of ten. The inattentiveness displayed by your staff is the last thing we need at the end of our day.