Ambra, is by far, one of my absolute favorite places to dine in Philadelphia.  I have frequented Southwark since Chris D'Ambro and Marina de Oliveira assumed ownership, and counted down the days to the opening of their sister restaurant.  
From the canapés and champagne to the dessert and digestif, each course is executed beautifully with attention to both taste and aesthetic.  The tasting menu changes regularly, which makes return visits a must...and each more enjoyable than the last
**For the perfect date night - a magical Old Fashioned at Southwark's bar then stellar service and exceptional food at Ambra.**How this restaurant is not on Phillys top 50 restaurants is beyond me. All of the 9 courses we had were amazing and plated perfectly. In addition to the 9 courses we also order the wine parking which introduced us to wines we've never had before. I've dined at Vernick and Laurel in Philly and Madison Park in New York and the food at Ambra is right up there with all of those restaurants. Will recommend this restaurant to all my friends and will definitely be back in the future.i had done my due diligence by (1) testing its sibling southwark first (a heck of a winner!); (2) reading all yelp reviews and philadelphia newspaper reviews (many bordering on hyperbolic praise); and (3) noting that this relatively new restaurant had already made the 2017 top 50 restaurants list in philadelphia magazine. 
my experience was no less than perfect. i was pampered with a welcoming glass of prosecco, followed by two amuse-bouches that i fervently wished had been options on the menu (speaking to how tasty they were), and finally the mouthwatering menu: a chronological presentation of one spectacular and filling mushroom, a delicately arranged tortellini dish supported by beets and parmesan crisps, and a tenderly prepared duck entree accompanied by cipollini onions and parsnip. i ended this exceptional meal with the chocolate crostata, enhanced with pine nut and pear, and then sat back and digested this experience with a cup of peppermint tea.
this gastronomical program was a prix fixe $72 and should be far more. until the rest of the city catches wind of this gem, i will keep frequenting it and enjoying this secret...I had the pleasure of dining at Ambra with my husband last night. It was a special occasion and they wrote us a little welcome message on top of the menu - very nice personalized touch, and we plan to keep it :) The restaurant is tiny, only five tables, but it's elegant and beautiful with rustic elements that tie everything together. 
It was a 4-course prix-fixe with optional wine pairing (we decided to go for it), and each course had two options. Between hubby and myself, we tried everything offered because we didn't get any of the same dishes. The wine pairings were incredible and Michael was a wonderful waiter and sommelier - equal parts knowledgable, funny, and quirky. He told us not only about the wines but about the wineries, the towns they come from, what the grapes' names mean, and why they were selected as the pairing for the course :) Did I mention that they started us off with some sparkling wine and refilled it multiple times before the meal truly began? Rob was our other server -- we saw him a little less than Michael, but he was also very friendly and informative. 
Before our actual first course, we were offered THREE different amuse bouche courses, which I thought was an amazing idea, and they were delicious. We started with a chicken liver, apricot jam and savory pizzelle, then a smoked salmon on fennel cracker, and finally an eggplant parm bite. All were fantastic. Then they brought out two more dishes: a plate of olives, anchovies, and charred escarole, and a focaccia that was amazing. THEN the first courses were brought out!
I chose the house-made burrata, which had an amazing amazing (x2!) basil pesto, while hubby chose the veal/tuna/egg/beet dish. I think the burrata dish was one of my favorite appetizers ever. So amazingly fresh and the smell of that basil was SO DELICIOUS.
For our second courses, I chose the lobster fazzoletti (pasta) which was served with fresh Maine lobster, lobster mushrooms, and fava beans. It was unbelievable. My hubby's smoked spaghetti with zucchini was out of this world, too. 
Then we got a surprise course! It was house-made cavatelli with a lamb ragu that reminded me of my Italian grandmother's cooking. The lamb was so tender, the flavors were unbelievable and the pasta just melted in your mouth. I think this may have been my favorite dish and it wasn't even on the menu.
For our entrees hubby had the pork loin, which was served with a polenta-stuffed pepper, pork belly, onion and green beans. I had the salmon which was served with corn, chanterelle mushrooms and squid. This was probably my least favorite -- I love salmon and I love squid but together I think the combo was a little too fishy, especially with the squid ink accompaniment. Least favorite doesn't mean bad though... I still ate and enjoyed it :) 
Dessert for me was an amazing chamomile panna cotta, which was served with fresh strawberries and a delicious CANDIED SOURDOUGH crumble. So yummy!!! Hubby had a blueberry olive oil torta with a rosemary sformato and lemon curd. Both desserts were great. Afterward, we we served a rabarbaro digestif (an amaro made from rhubarb), which was extremely bitter but grew less so as you sipped. This was served with two little bites: a hazelnut cannoli and... a tiny gelatinous cube coated in sugar that I now forget what it is... 
Marina (manager?/owner) and Chris (chef/owner) are super friendly and fun you get the chance to talk to them. We found out that our little handwritten message on our menu was from Chris himself! I'd highly recommend dining here if you're in the Philly area, or going next door to their sister property, Southwark (we had some drinks there after dinner). An amazing meal!Ate here for the first time last night. I have no idea why this restaurant is not on the Philly's best list. The food, which is a set tasting type menu that frequently changes, is absolutely sublime. It is small and blessedly quiet. So wonderful to actually be able to have a lovely conversation with friends.  We had the wine pairing, which was lovely. The service was efficient and friendly. I rarely give five stars, but, well here it is.We came here for my birthday dinner and it did not disappoint. First, I will say they were extremely gracious about us canceling our initial reservation last minute on a Saturday night ( we did have a real emergency). But, we ended up making it another night to celebrate my birthday. Parking in this neighborhood is not the best so I recommend getting here early to find parking if you are driving. The restaurant is small (only seats 16 people) and has a great, intimate ambiance. The service here is A++ from the moment you arrive. Upon being seated, we were given complimentary prosecco and three different small plate dishes that were all wonderful. They also brought out a delicious potato bread.  The menu here is a four course tasting menu, there were two options for each course so me and my husband got each one so we could try everything. I also did the wine pairing.They did a great job of coming out and explaining each course, like I said the service was great and extremely personalized. The wine pairings were great and went well with each course. Now the food here is definitely for more adventures eaters. I personally loved it, but my husband wasn't as into it as I was. The only item out of eight that I didn't really care for was the blood orange scallop thing, but from other reviews it looked like other people liked it so probably just my preference. My favorites were the celery root pannacotta, and the venison loin. The desserts were heavenly as well. Each dish was plated beautifully. We had a great night at Ambra and it was a birthday dinner for me to remember. I would definitely recommend, especially to other foodies!  Five stars.Had dinner last evening with some friends at Ambra.  Been to the sister restaurant next door previously-which was amazing-but this was our first experience at Ambra.  I wish I had remembered to take photos of each dish but when the first course came out I got so excited to taste that I totally forgot!!!
First of all, the ambiance was comfortable and warm.  Didn't feel like I walked into some hoity toity, pick up the right fork kind of place.  It is small with only a few tables but tastefully decorated with rustic woods, copper, interestingly place fabric on windows and an adorable powder room!  Yes, powder room-all part of the ambiance!!
This is a seven course tasting menu that changes monthly for the most part. Our menu consisted of Nantucket bay scallop, carne crude with truffle and potato beautifully presented in an egg cup inside a cardboard egg carton.  Delicious!  Then onto Grilled Radicchio Salad with Tonnato, Tagliatelle con Anatra (duck), Sweetbread Angnolotti and Fungi, Wild striped Bass in Camberi Rossi e Brassicas, Lamb all Cacciatore con Polenta di Riso.  We also were served foccaccio that was out of this world.
Then onto dessert--Campfire Smores which were served in brandy snifters and looked like smoked coals and actually was steamy.  It was so good.  And finally, Baba di Panettone.  If you like Italian Panettone you will love this.
I would love to tell you that I had one favorite-but I can't!  I could have had anyone of these courses as a full course; that's how wonderful they were.
My kudos to Chris and Marina who have done a wonderful job to Southwark and Ambra.  Chris, you are the best chef ever and your creativity is boundless.  Marina, you are the machine that keeps these two places running smoothly and are a gracious hostess. The whole staff there was so friendly without being intrusive and went out of their way to make sure everyone was served together and with the right amount of time between courses.  It's hard to find a place with both great food and great service! 
This was an amazing experience!!What an amazing dinner! Everything from the service, food, presentation, space and music were amazing! The restaurant is very small - about 5 tables - but worth the wait and reservation! They went above and beyond to celebrate our friends birthday but including "happy birthday" on the menu and dessert.We have been to Ambra twice, and both experiences have been sublime. The team behind this secret (and it really is a secret, they should be booked out for months) knows how to treat its guests, knows how to cook, and knows how to create. The most enjoyable dining experience I have had in Philadelphia, now twice. 
Also when I booked the restaurant (3 hours before the reservation) I wrote that my girlfriend was vegetarian who occasionally eats fish, and they had a customized printed prix-fix menu specific to her needs. That was pretty cool. 
Always a pleasure.Delicious food. Phenomenal service.  Complimentary champagne. 3 small tastings before 5 course meal.  Highly recommend!Wow! Well were do I start.  Living in Queen Village I was excited to hear this place was opening being a fan of Southwark.  From the outside you would not believe the treasure that lies within.  Being a self proclaimed foodie and having made a point to visit all of the top rated restaurants in the area I have had quite a few great meals in my time.  From the moment you step in Ambra you are greeted by a well dressed, excellently mannered host who promptly escorts you to the dimly lit and very modern dining area.  The interior evokes a perfect date night/ special occasion feel. Upon seating you are given complimentary champagne as well as a starter of assorted amuse bouche which all were heavenly.  We opted for the prix fixe menu with the wine pairing.  I usually am not a fan of wine pairings but each wine was better than the next and absolutely complimented the food that was being served.  Each dish that was given to us was superb.  Our favorite was the squid ink pasta with oyster cream which was hands down probably one of the best meals I've eaten. There was not one dish that wasn't creative and awe inspiring!  Just thinking about the dinner again puts a smile on my face.  I am willing to bet that this restaurant will be on Philly Mags Top 50 best restaurant list in a year or so, no doubt!  True neighborhood gem! Already planning my return trip!Have been to this quaint upscale place several times now and every time it has blown my socks off. The service, food and drink have always been top notch. I look forward to their release of new menus and often try to go. You will not regret going here.Pricey, but absolutely worth it.  Each dish was delicious and balanced and seasonal.  Service was good and not overbearing like some fancy restaurants.  Highly recommendOutstanding service and one of the best meals ever.  Period.This places absolutely blows away anything I've had at Vetri, Zahav, Vedge...and I love those places.  The description of the restaurant as "Italian" doesn't do it justice.  It's actually way more imaginative with emphasis on fine ingredients.  Very knowledgeable staff.  I recommend the wine pairing as much thought went into the right choices for the food.  They were also great at accommodating food allergies.We had the November tasting menu. It was a great experience and the dishes were all exquisite. I highly recommend this restaurant.Ambra is by far my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Living in queen village, we frequent Southwark for dinners/happy hours and Ambra is a great addition next door. I was hesitant to review on my first visit because I knew once word got out it would be impossible to get a reservation! We were greeted warmly at the door and taken to our seats, our server then brought out complimentary champagne and gave us a few minutes to bask in the romantic ambiance. While he gave us our menu to look over he brought out three more complimentary bites from the kitchen slowly one by one, and we knew we were in for a treat! Our first visit we tried everything on the tasting menu and I included the wine pairing. The wine paired exceptionally well with every dish..and the food...TO DIE FOR! Everything was beautifully plated with mind blowing combinations, but without confusing your palate. We visited for the second time on NYE. Again with the complimentary champagne and most exceptional service in Philadelphia. The restaurant itself is gorgeous, the staff is unbeatable, and the meals are exquisite. We already set our reservation for Valentines Day, see you soon!I don't think 5 stars is enough for Ambra. This place was incredible, from start to finish. My family and I went for my brothers birthday and the table was set with menus that read "Happy Birthday" at the top. Our waiter was wonderful. He started by walking us through how the menu worked and gave us details on each dish that was served. The restaurant recently switched over to a tasting menu and, lucky us, we were the first to try the September menu. 
The menu started with a truffle and cream corn cannoli paired with a liver mousse pittzelle. The next dish was a swordfish in a beet and pistachio sauce, followed by the autumn terrarium. I've never eaten anything quite like the autumn terrarium. The dish was smoked and served enclosed in a goblet with a quail egg over Philo dough on top of a creamed mushroom. Homemade pasta followed with a burrata on top of the tomatoes on the vine and homemade spaghetti. We then had a small bite of a cauliflower in a sauce. The final main dishes were a tile fish over a lobster and pumpkin bisque and a veal saltimbocca. Ricotta pie and macchiato rounded out the desserts. 
Honestly my mouth is watering all over again just writing this. I cannot say enough about the wonderful food, staff and ambience of Ambra. Even my dad who does not like to step outside his food bubble raved about every single dish. Definitely expensive, but worth every penny. I will definitely be back when the next menu is released!Amazing place. Five tables. Intimate. Excellent. If this restaurant was in DC where we live, it would receive a Michelin star.As someone who has dined in most of the top 50 restaurants in Philadelphia I have to sayAMBRA was one of the best dining experiences I've had that easily surpassed places like Laurel, Vernick Fork Serpico. Townsend , Helm and Double Knot.
First of all it is quiet and civilized.!Trying to find a quiet restaurant  in Philadelphia where you don't have to shout at your dinner companion is becoming very rare these days.
Also the tables are nicely spaced apart so you're not sitting on top of other people and trying to avoid listening to their conversation.
And now for the best part which is the amazing food.
It's a four course pre-fixe  menu that changes seasonally.
-there is an amazing variety and the plates have so many interesting and unusual ingredients but in small manageable portions.
But the reality is you get so much more !
On top of the four courses there are two extra hors d'oeuvres two additional tastes and three different bites of dessert besides the main course that you are given.
We were also given a free glass of Prosecco champagne. 
I was disappointed to see that Philadelphia restaurant critic Craig Lebann not see fit to give this place at least three or four bells.
This is definitely a special occasion place for a romantic dinner or for being able to talk to friends and family in a calm and pleasant environment..
I will definitely be back and telling my friends about this.
Also forgot to mention the service is first class very attentive but not overbearing.Had dinner with my husband and while at first we were uncomfortable with having to select from the pre-fixed menu of just 2 options per course... the food was delicious and did not disappoint! We got 1 of each plate offered and shared. The mini chef plates that they also provided were scrumptious and complimented the overall meal. The restaurant is very small (16 seats), has a rustic ambience and the service is good. I gave 4 stars only because it was a tad bit too dark and 1 of the servers put his hands a little to close to the food when explaining what the course was.Dinner with my wife for her birthday this past Thursday - great location, nice and romantic, excellent service and the food was delicious!  Eleven course meal served a the perfect pace and temperature.  Veal was just warm enough.  Oriechette was very tasty but only flaw served as it too salty.  Both desserts unbelievable.  We will be back!!!Normally I wouldn't try to be succinct. But in this case, saying that everything was fantastic is in fact really all that needs to be said.Visited for my husband's birthday.  What an amazing experience!  Food and service absolutely 5 stars.  Dining room just lovely -- intimate and beautiful. One of the best meals we have experienced in Philadelphia, and rivals any meal we have had in San Francisco (our original hometown).  Can't wait to return.Had dinner at Ambra Saturday, December 9, 2017. We had never heard about this restaurant, found it on line, read the reviews and gave it a try.
From the minute we were welcomed into this rustic, sophisticated space, we knew that here was something special . We were greeted with a cocktail which warmed the cold, snowy evening. The service was impeccable, often by Chris (chef, owner himself), and each dish explained in detail.
It was easy to tell that down to the smallest part of the dish everything was made with loving care. The food was delicious, interesting and unexpected.
Our dinner was a gastronomic success, as were all the pieces fitted together to produce a wonderful evening. Ambra will quickly move up several places in the restaurant rating system used by Philly's fine restaurant writers. Go!!Two options for each course and since it was just 2 of us, we opted to get one of each. They were kind enough to split the wine for us without even asking since we were sharing so we could have a proper pairing for each dish. One of the pairings in particular really made the dish stand out even more. Totally worth it. 
On top of the wine pairing, they greeted us with champagne and kept pouring until I actually had to ask them to hold off lol.
It's advertised as 4 course but they had SEVERAL amuse bouche before the courses. I actually think those were my favorite part of the whole meal. So many layers of flavors from first taste to lingering after. Incredible. 
By the time we left, I was unable to do anything but pass out on my couch!I came to this restaurant for my wife's birthday. 
It was amazing experience. Cozy place with only 5 tables. Reservation was 9:30. 
Starting with small appetizer, smoke appetizer etc. lots of dishes. Each are small portion but I get full. 
Great dishes. Beautiful and creative and taste amazing. 
Believe or not most impressive dish was tomato sauce pasta for my wife. It is very creative, I have to say, even though it is tomato sauce pasta. For me it was smoky appetizer. 
We really enjoyed our dinner and will come back in Dec. I am sureThe restaurant is beautiful, and the presentation is lovely, but for me, the actual food was just okay. Some dishes were bette than other, but for the price range, I have a high expectations, and I just didn't find t that special. I also found the servers a little pretentious, putting on airs. They had a very limited wine list, we ordered the least expensive wine, and it was just terrible. I would think a place like this would be very selective with their wine list, but I guess it. Overall, it was a fine evening, but there  are much better options in this price range.Contemporary Italian dining experience, thank you for the wonderful meal!
Restaurant Ambra is located just next door to its sister restaurant (Southwark, which if you haven't already tried, you need to) We called around 6:30pm on a Saturday and were confirmed for a 9:30pm reservation (Pescatarian accommodation without issue)
The ambiance is quaint and comfortable. Service was attentive, noting the hostess/waitress and waiters seamlessly sharing table service duties. 
Menu/Maggio
1 Frutti di Mare - "Seafood salad" included citrusy/fresh shrimp, raw tuna, scallop, roe, crisps, frothy and light, favorite dish of the night***
2 Scripelle in Brodo (Sweet potato accommodation) - Thin, light and creamy sweet potato broth, the most underwhelming of the night 
(Wine) we opted for a glass of Rosato, pink Italian wine. It was delightful.
3 Aglio e Olio - Delicious, thin pasta smothered in a creme sauce with Parmesan. There were small white flowers in this dish. Though the peas were unevenly cooked, I was impressed with the thin consistency of this pasta
4 Sweet Pea Tortollini and (Lamb substituted for peas?) - Savory, light tortollini filled with peas. I wish they had substituted a protein for the lamb (or something different than peas, which were now used in two dishes) I appreciated the work that went into these and enjoyed them despite.
5 Halibut, Asparagi, Uovo - Presented beautifully on a bed of sliced potato and asparagus medley. The uovo (egg) sauce paired well and acted as an undertone, yet added depth to this dish. Halibut skin lightly crusted, silky/buttery inside
6 Vitello, Carciofi, Cecci (substituted veal for salmon) - salmon perfectly light/buttery/pink, potato croquet was larger than comparable others and different in that the "outer shell" skin remained crispy with a contrasting soft/buttery potato inside, fava bean/lentil salad, dressed with 20 year aged balsamic
7 Rhubarb "Cassata Siciliana" -!!!! Sweet, silky in all the right places!! The marmalade and cookies were a highlight, perfectly sealing this dish as a 2nd fav of the night
8 Affogato - hot espresso and vanilla iced cream, what's not to love
Delicioso!! From beginning to end, thank you for the beautiful experience, Ambra and their staff are highly recommended!A real treat.  It was a tasting menu only.  At $78 it was a good deal.  Everything was beautiful and tasty.  Our favorites were the autumn terrarium which included a quail egg, mushroom and edible flowers.  It was gorgeous.  Too beautiful to eat.  The tomato on the vines was absolutely delicious.  11 courses including desert did not take long, about an hour and a half.  Will come back.Incredible!
My wife and I have been here 3x in different seasons and I feel that it gets better each time.  As mentioned previously, their menu changes very frequently, so will not delve into specific dishes for that reason and also not to spoil any surprises.  I will say, I do love it when they employ their terrarium concept and create vibrant and delicious edible scenes within those amazing glass enclosed environments.  
It's the type of experience where you taste the first dish and think "Wow, that's the best food I've ever tasted," and then you taste the second dish and you think "That's even better than the last dish!"
Yes, it's BYOB.  But I think to really appreciate what's going on here, you have to spring for the wine pairing.  As a very novice wine drinker, I've been fortunate to experience a lot of different flavors though this pairing than I have previously.
Presentation is just as important as taste, and Ambra really shines here as well.  The geographical placement of each component of your dish is done with intent and the visual experience superbly augments the whole experience.   There are some whimsical presentation surprises along the way that really impress.
The service is impeccable.  I love chatting with the staff about the different wines they are pairing and the sourcing of the different ingredients they are using. 
Top notch experience - will keep coming back for more!I'm almost hesitant to give these guys a five star review, because once word gets out it will be IMPOSSIBLE to get a table in this small, sixteen seat dining room. 
We got every dish from the tasting menu and were absolutely blown away by the meal. Every dish was gorgeous, delicious, inventive and yet, never overdone. The wine pairings were perfect, and the service and ambiance were unparalleled and intimate.
My best meal in Philadelphia...and I've had a lot of them. You must go here!What a fantastic dining experience with some of the best wine pairing in Philly. Decor's a bit confusing, further complicated by the music (oldies, 1950-60 jams), but the overall experience is one that is worth experiencing!
Must get: wine pairing (tasting menu is default)
Meh: wiz wit pappardelle
Missed: more food?
I came here with the wife for my birthday on Easter Sunday and were seated to a nice romantic table. I love the flower arrangement and the little candle. As for the food, it was just spectacular, with a few items definitely a little more salinic than I prefer. My favorites were fruitti di mare (the octopus and the wine pairing - amazing), the morel and pork belly and then sweet potato cnudi (which is like the nougat of a the softest gnocchi you've never had). I was not a big fan of the smoked trout cannoli or the wiz wit pappardelle, primarily because they were simply too salty. Be careful of the foccacia bread, it's heavy, salty, and buttery, not meant for the light of heart. Overall, what sold the place was the amazing wine pairing (I hear they have a sommelier), the unique take of classic Italian cuisine and the generous servings of dessert. If I had to be super picky, it'd be that the service is not to a Michelin level yet, but that's room for improvement.
Food: 4-5 stars
Price: $$$, but worth it
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars, the music didn't vibe with the ambiance.Ambra in an intimate Queen Village spot that deserves all the praise it gets.  The small courses dreamed up in the kitchen just keep coming.  You may order 8 but in the end another 3 or four will just be delivered like manna from heaven.  We plan on going for our third trip later this month and will add to my comments but until then, trust me, Ambra is a real treat here in QV.This was such an interesting experience. I think it's a must for anyone who's into modern cuisine. Dinner is served "omakase" style, kind of like in Japanese places where the menu is preset and portions are rather small but there's a lot of courses. Their food was really good! I've attached the menu for anyone who wants to see what they serve. We couldn't finish the last dessert .. there was so much food. You could also choose wine pairing for around $55/person and they brought a different glass of wine for each course. Highly recommend!The best meal I have ever had.  
They have a set tasting menu that changes monthly or there about.  Reservation only.  They also have eclectic wine options.  
We participated in their December Tasting Menu with the Paired Wine option.  It was absolutely incredible.  Mouth watering dishes, creative plating, and magically pairings.  We couldn't have asked for a better experience.  The knowledge of the food and wine was so refreshing as everything is completely described as it hits the table.  The room is quaint, cozy, yet private.  We absolutely loved the service and y'all - the food is AH-MAZING!  Great date night, friends/family in town, or a place to show off your taste.  Highly recommend and one of Philly's gems!awesome meal. wonderful atmosphere!! definately am coming back!Ahh where do I begin? This teeenie 16 seat restaurant is the best kept secret of philadelphia. Firstly the decor is modern yet inviting and warm and the staff attentive without being invasive. 
Upon being sat we were served some prosecco which was quickly followed by 3 different amuse bouches-all absolutely fantastic. 
Our main dishes were just as exquisite, in plating and flavor (special shout out to the celery root pannacotta covered in truffle shavings). Being a pastry chef, I was excited to try the dessert after having had such excellent food, and i was not disappointed. Well executed and delicious.
This place plays great attention to detail and is worth every penny!Tiny gem.  Tucked away.  Don't tell anyone about the refined food coming out of this Philly newcomer.  It's got 16 seats, so start this year off by snagging one of them.  If you don't move quickly, it may be 2018 before you get in.I have now eaten here twice and both meals were some of the best I've had in this city.  How this restaurant is not top on the Philly Top 50 list (let alone even on the list) is beyond me.  Every dish is creative and unusual while maintaining amazing flavor.  Every piece of meat and fish is perfectly cooked.  The pasta dishes are some of the best pasta dishes I've had in the city.  The great ambiance and service really complete the experience.  The meal is a steep price but it's certainly worth it.  Not getting the recognition it deserves makes me think it's still somewhat of a secret, which makes it that much better for me.Simply amazing! The ambiance is very upscale and intimate. The tasting menu was perfectly coursed and sized. everything that came out was well thought out and plated beautifully. The wine pairing was also fun and good. Recommend for a fancy date night.My girlfriend and I visited Ambra for our anniversary recently. It was a delightful experience from start to finish. As soon as we sat down in the cozy dining room, we were offered a complimentary glass of vermouth and a delicious scallop. Every dish on the 8-10 course menu was spectacular and we both felt very satisfied by the end of the meal. We opted for the wine pairing and were not disappointed by the six pours which accompanied our dinner.
Following the meal, we were again treated to some more surprises: one small Italian candy and two after dinner drinks. 
The staff was very friendly throughout and explained every dish in great detail. It was a lovely night and we will be back for other special occasions.Dinned on 9/16 with a 9:30 reservation. 
Ambra offers affordable fine dining in a relaxed and welcoming setting. Menu is prix fixe with multiple small plate courses. Individual food preferences and restrictions are handled at time of reservation. Every dish was completely delicious. The friendly and knowledgeable staff make Ambra a truly wonderful experience.This place is incredible. No need to wax poetic about it, although this place inspires me to do so. An intimate venue for superb cuisine backed by a serious beverage program (i.e., do the pairing). The staff are incredible people who help make each visit better than the last. Can't wait to return. Seriously, this is a top Philadelphia dining establishment.The food and experience was excellent! I highly recommend. Every dish was executed well and a true surprise. The staff was attentive and kind.Memorable meal. Outstanding food, presentation, service and atmosphere. Not loud at all, nice for a special occasion.Dined at Ambra a couple of weekends ago with another couple. I believe the restaurant does not take more than 4 people at time and I was lucky enough to be able to snag a pretty last minute reservation for 4 on a Saturday night. 
While we did wait for almost 30 minutes past our reservation time, the restaurant offered us a drink on the house, which ended up being very delicious. Keep in mind that they only serve beer or wine and not hard liquor. 
The decor is spectacular. It's so cozy and beautiful. Absolutely lovely, romantic and graceful. 
The service was also spectacular. The servers were all dressed to impress. Very attentive and very professional. 
The food however, was less than impressive. The dishes were breathtakingly beautiful. Arranged to perfection and placed in front of us at the same time. With that said, my husband and I mutually agreed that we were not impressed with the actual flavors. Between the two of us, we liked maybe 2 or 3 dishes out of 7. Some dishes were extremely under-seasoned and one was extremely salty. Flavor combinations in some dishes didn't make sense and when eaten together just cancelled each other out basically. Some on the other hand tasted bland and unoriginal. For $350+ for a couple I expected way more and thought of this experience as a disappointing one and will not be returning. 
But on a very last and positive note, the restaurant did call me a few days prior to find out of our food restrictions if any. I was impressed. Perhaps some of our restrictions (no pork, shrimp or salmon) took away from our experience, but I would imagine that a creative chef could work around this and still deliver amazing flavors.This restaurant never ever disappoints. In fact, it exceeds expectations every damn time. Every dish was memorable: from the amazing tuna crudo to this INSANE poached yolk wrapped- yes wrapped- in potato puree and topped with black truffle, and the saffron pasta reminiscent of a beautiful paella. And let's not forget the best beef dish I've ever had the pleasure of eating- braised, melt in your mouth delectable shortrib paired with perfectly seared medallion of rare buttery beef and morel mushrooms. Can't wait to go back next Valentine's day!!Pasta was good, wines were just ok even the reserve wine pairing, which were considerably more expensive, just ok. One of the reserve wines actually tasted like it was past its prime and we asked if we can have a substitution and was told no. We opted for the shaved truffles which was extra but when they were shaved onto the food the truffle stuck to the bottom of the shaver and ended up on the floor when the shaver walked away. The rib eye entree was inconsistent, my piece had fat and gristle but my husbands was perfect. The chocolate cake at the finish was wonderful I have to admit. Wanted to try it but won't be returning.Wow, I've never been to something quite like this.  A 12 seat, intimate, creative, comfortable, romantic hideaway, with upscale dining you just have to try.  
I've been to Southwark a few times, and the food is excellent, so I expected no less here and Ambra did not disappoint.  A tasting menu only experience, with 9 small plates, with just enough to satisfy.  There is an optional wine pairing which I thought was A-OK.
Service was excellent (even the "low talker" server knew his shit well).  Every dish was explained in detail, and pace was not rushed.  They change the menu frequently so I won't go into every single dish.  
Ambra is the place you want to go for special occasions or a special night out for just the two of you.  Yep, I loved it.Had an amazing meal at Ambra with exceptional service in an intimate environment fit for a special occasion (our one year anniversary). Most of the pre-fixe dishes were on point with a nice balance of flavors, and we left satisfied and happy with the amount and quality of food. 
The only reason I'm knocking one star off is that I gave the restaurant my partner's dietary preference  ahead of time when confirming my reservation, and they treated me like I had the same preference even though I noted that I didn't. My partner and I have been to several other restaurants in Philadelphia with pre-fixe tasting menus like Ambra, and all of them were able to give me the original dish as intended and substitute my partner's dish individually. In this particular case, my partner doesn't like fish, but I noted to Ambra that I love fish (and then reiterated that to the server at the beginning of the night), yet two of my menu items were still changed to the non-fish dish that my partner was given. Looking at the other tables, the fish dish looked amazing, and I felt that I missed an opportunity to have the menu as it was originally intended.
This issue won't stop me from coming back to Ambra (it was that good), but I would caution other diners of the way the restaurant deals with dietary preferences.OK, it's official -at least in my world - Ambra is our new go-to restaurant at the level of Laural, Bibou, Vernick, Will byob, Fond, and Zahav.  This is an intimate and beautifully designed space.  The attention to detail is superb.  The service is impeccable:  present without being overbearing; casual yet dignified.  Everyone seems so pleased to be a part of something so special.  Oh....and have I talked about the cuisine.  Creative, deeply flavorful, and beautifully presented.  We had everything on the menu and there was not one miss.  The swordfish was memorable, as was the scallops, the spaghetti, and the smoked tortellini.....OMG.....have I mentioned the smoked tortellini.  Seriously, every dish was memorable!  So, go!  Whenever you can get in.  Just go!!!Hands down one of the best restaurants in Philly. Intimate; perfect date spot; menu is creative, thoughtful, and mouthwatering. This chef is a gift to the city. Gem of a place.I took my girlfriend Out to Ambra for a birthday dinner wake up at the tasting menu and the wine pairing they had a guest Somalia the time so we got doubled the wine to taste not quantity but overall all the food was fantastic the ambience was perfect and the staff was beyond knowledgeable. i would highly recommend this restaurant for a special occasion we love it and will be back!Had an amazing birthday dinner here with friends. Loved that the restaurant was very small and intimate. I love that all the dishes were perfectly sized and unbelievably tasty. Would definitely recommend to others!Memorable- Outstanding food, presentation, service and atmosphere. Not loud at all, nice for a special occasion.
Update- over a year later, still awesome from the food to the presentation to the wine pairings and the service.I've been back 4 times now. Not only does it never disappoint, it keeps getting better. It's easily my favorite restaurant in Philly.My boyfriend and I went to Ambra on Saturday of Memorial Day Weekend. We made an early reservation. There are only 16 seats in the restaurant, so I recommend making a reservation. The restaurant is very pretty and has an intimate ambience. It's a great date spot. When we sat down, our server brought us two glasses of prosecco to start. That was a very nice touch. The menu is set up as 4 courses and has two options for each course. Thankfully, they were very accommodating to a gluten allergy and offered modifications for certain ingredients. We really appreciated that. For the first course, we both had a lamb carpaccio with artichoke and potatoes. It was amazing! The second course was a pasta. We both chose one with carrot, rabbit ragu, fava beans and ricotta. My pasta was a tortellini, while there were able to substitute a risotto for my boyfriend. The third course we both chose was a veal loin short rib with leeks. Very delicious with lots of amazing flavors!! For the last course I chose a panna cotta with strawberries. It was light and the perfect end of my meal. My boyfriend chose a chocolate hazelnut dessert. We loved this restaurant! The service was great and they really went out of their way to accommodate a gluten allergy! We will definitely return!!This is hands down, one of the most top notch culinary and fine dining experiences you can find in the city. The elephant in the room is, the plates are small, so do not expect to head there and indulge in one big heart plate. It is a prix fix menu though, so you will get a lot of small dishes, and they are adventurously plated. 
We loved our time there, tried a lot of new things and the service and knowledge provided by the wait staff is unparalleled. They really heighten the experience, and guide you through each plate, explaining all of the details and providing suggestions. 
The menu is ever changing, so nice to know you can go back and try to new things.
This is a very intimate setting, perfect for a date night.
They also have a wine pairing option to go with the meals. We didnt get this, but if you are willing to spend on it, it seems like it would make for an even better experience.We were confused by the fact that every Yelp reviewer gave Ambra 5 stars but Craig Laban gave them only two bells. In this case, we agree with Laban. 
The positives: 
1) The service was impeccable and it's nice and quiet in there. Waiters were informative and well paced without being overbearing. 
2) The desserts, especially the panna cota were delicious, original and seasonal. 
3) Plating was beautiful 
4) the homemade pasta textures were perfect
The negatives:
1) Except for the pasta and ox tail ragú, everything was under-seasoned. The ragú was so salty we had to send it back (which they promptly remade and was perfect). 
2) Some elements in some dishes were just flavorless or disappointing For example, the burrata and nettle pasta (which sounded and looked so good), ended up being monotonous in flavor and a let-down
3) Several dishes were hard to understand: they worked when you combined all the elements together but were plated in a way that suggested eating them separately. For example the fish with crema foam and endive. 
For $320 (with a shared wine pairing and 20% tip), we would likely not go back. We feel that if the dishes had a little more "pop" to the flavors instead of being so monotone, this would have been much better.Love this restaurant and have returned for their top of the line tasting menu for each of the last two years while on business trips in Philadelphia. The restaurant seats no more than than 12 but is very spacious (unlike any restaurant in NYC that would have such limited seating!). Service is very friendly and courteous. Each course is rolled out to you in perfectly sized portions so that you're not overly stuffed but are definitely satisfied by the end of the meal. I will continue to make it a point to get my spot at ambra whenever I'm in town in the future!My boyfriend took me to dinner here for my birthday two Saturdays ago, and we both thoroughly enjoyed the evening. At the outset, it bears mention that he made the reservation just over a month in advance, and even then, the only time slot left was 9:00 p.m. -- so plan ahead for this one! The restaurant is tiny and dinner service takes over two hours, so it lends itself much better to a special occasion than walking in on a whim.
The menu offers each diner one of two selections for each of four courses, so we opted to collectively try everything. At this point, nearly two full weeks after the meal, I do not remember specific standouts, only that we found every selection excellent and cleaned every plate. Before I ordered a glass of wine and my boyfriend had a beer, we were both served complimentary champagne, which was a pleasant way to start the evening. The timing was perfect and the service flawless, if a bit distant, giving the whole evening a sheen of high class and exclusivity that borders on pretentiousness without quite crossing that line.
It is definitely a "fit for foodies" type place; I can almost guarantee you won't recognize everything they put in front of you or understand what they're trying to explain as they do it. But if that's your jam, then you will really enjoy this experience.4.5 Stars.
I can't quite give it 5 stars due to the fact that the food did not blow me away. It just doesn't compete with restaurants such as The French Laundry, The Modern, Osteria Francescana, etc. However, with that said, neither does the price. It's under $100 (I forget, exactly), which is a steal! Therefore, it get's a solid 4.5 stars. 
The food was executed perfectly. The service was phenomenal. Best of all, though? The atmosphere. It's a small, intimate place. 
With that said, I had one issue. I took my girlfriend and her mother here for Mother's Day. Upon paying, the waiter came back to inform me that my card was declined after multiple tries (Embarrassing!!!). When I got home I called my credit card company and it was flagged for fraud after five - yes, five - completed transactions, simultaneously. I'm not sure if there was a network issue or what, but $1,600+ was charged before it was flagged. It was an easy fix but an embarrassing moment nonetheless. Oh well.
Do yourself a favor and head on over for a date, special occasion or just a nice night out.Really good experience overall. Was here with two others; bought a Crozes-Hermitage wine and had a 7 course tasting menu. Some of the food was better than others, but all was at least very good. Some was sensational (pasta with lamb ragu I think, as well as venison carpaccio).
Service was very good until we asked for photos to be taken of the group. They seemed to be rather annoyed and gave us one very quick photo (it was not good) and that was it. Probably because the place was small and another party was at the door, so they wanted us out.