Absolutely loved this charming restaurant. The atmosphere was welcoming and the food was amazing. 
We had fried green tomatoes, the burger with sweet potato fries and the milk and cookies dessert. All of which were amazing.I've been twice and both times with other foodie folks. Burgers were great, drinks strong. The rest of the meals were average in prep and taste, but the outstanding service makes it a nice place to be.If you're in the mood for southern comfort for brunch, please come here. The chicken and waffles & shrimp and grits was perfection. The waffles were made just right and home fries is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Saltiness of the chicken is balanced out with the amount of syrup. The pouched egg just gives it extra texture. Shrimp and grits has the best combination of the jalapeño cheese sauce and spicy tomato sauce. The mash potato in the middle goes perfectly with the two sauces. Excellent meal :) Not to mention how friendly the staff were! Def coming back!This place is awesome. Great ambiance, great food, excellent staff. I would definitely recommend. If you go for brunch, get the Shrimp & Grits. You will not be sorry!I like what Rex 1516 is trying to pull off, but after dining there twice I just didn't have a good experience.  The decor is nice, but the food was inconsistent and overpriced.  The experience is casual yet pretentious, making me feel like the restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be, with servers pretty much ignoring you for long stretches of time.  The food has to be way better for that.
The $11 scallop appetizer nets you two, that's right TWO scallops on a giant plate with some okay looking greens.  Maybe I just don't understand scallops, but we didn't see/taste anything special there.  The vegetarian meatloaf felt like something you could get out of the frozen section of the supermarket, to be awfully blunt.  The chicken was good, but not what you'd expect for the price (again).  The friend I dined with wasn't raving about the pork loin either.  
The best part of our first visit was the crawfish pot pie, but when we returned a second time we got two and they were not as good and mine tasted somewhat sour.  Disappointing.
Lower some of the prices and the pretentiousness level and you've got a good place to go, but as is, I won't be returning.The mushroom bucatini is the best pasta dish I've had in philly! unbelievable taste!  probably not cooked by humans. Alien creation. Yummmmmm!!
Our server was very funny and friendly. His recommendations were great! Inexpensive  beer/ wine selectionThis is one of my favorite places in the entire city! We have a great time each and every time we go. Heather and Lou always make us feel welcomed! The food is outrageous, from the mac and cheese with pulled pork, to every single special they serve ( go with the specials!) brunch is fantastic, drinks are delicious. Truly no complaints! Tuesday night is a burger, shot, and beer for $15.00, really can't beat that and Rex won best burger this year. The cookies and milk are unlike anything I've ever had, also a must! Love Rex!Holy crap, this is hands down one of the greatest burgers I've ever eaten!!!!   I came here on a last minute whim in the mood for a burger and I am
literally speechless...I don't quite have the words to describe this meal other than PERFECTION!!!  Heaven in my mouth pretty much sums it up.  Please do yourself the favor and come try this place.  PS, this is my first Yelp review ever written!!!Went here on a desolate weeknight and experienced:
1. poorly executed and overpriced food;
2. bad service and long wait for food;
3. freezing temperatures!
Literally, there was no one else there and we waited 30 minutes for appetizers.  No update from waitress on why our food was taking so long; no inquiries as to how we were doing (hungry!).  We didn't even get any bread while we were waiting!
The food was conceptually interesting but poorly executed.  I mean seriously - $7 for a rubbery Scotch egg?  The mussels were mediocre at best and served with 2 measly slivers of toasted bread; the menu says it is served with sweet potato fries but they were more like over-fried tiny slivers of garnish.  The beignet was too doughy and reminded me too much of Hot Pockets ... actually that's an insult to Hot Pockets, because I think they are crisper than Rex's beignets if you use the aluminum sleeve when you microwave them.  The crawfish pot pie had decent flavors but the pastry should have been flakier.  The fig bruschetta has balanced flavors, but I one of my poached figs was dry and chewy.
Lastly, THERE WAS NO HEAT ON A CHILLY NOVEMBER NIGHT BECAUSE IT FELT LIKE IT WAS 50 DEGREES IN THERE!  I guess the servers didn't notice because they weren't really in the dining area at all.  Really, al fresco dining is not my thing at this time of the year and all I could think about was getting the bill so I could leave and get warm again.The only caveat I can give is that service was a bit slow. This place is sick.
The decor is kind of extra, the combination of being a super narrow space with all the random excess makes it feel like a very cozy 1700s Spanish Imperial coatroom. I'm pretty sure leather covered tables is incredibly excessive, but whatever floats your boat. 
Came in on a Sunday around 2pm, reasonable crowd inside but not terribly packed. We were seated promptly but it took a while for the waitstaff to get around to us. However, once they did, they were nothing less than fantastic. I asked for a beer recommendation and they brought out a small sample for me to try. 
My friend and I both got the house burger. It's probably the 2nd best burger I've ever had in my life (behind Blacow in Tokyo if you ever get the chance) and goddamn it is amazing. It's thick and satisfying. The buns were warm and soft and slightly grilled (extra as fuck, I'm pretty sure that made no discernible difference in taste, but extra is fine when it comes to the food). The pimento cheese adds a serious kick to it and every time you bite into the egg, a warm, salty, drip of egg flavor just hits you. It's fucking fantastic. The lettuce is kind of overpowered by everything else that's going on, but that's not really a knock against it.
It also came with an order of fries, which were pretty good I think, but honestly after that burger nothing really mattered. Would definitely come back.Been here twice now for a sit-down dinner and a few times now for happy hour. Gotta say this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I can say things like "The food is amazing and actually cooked with love" and it'd be 100% accurate, but what really hits me is the service. Did Valentine's Day here and our server went above and beyond. He had a warm personality and seemed genuinely psyched to be telling us about everything on the menu and serving us. And it didn't at all seem phony or a put-on. He was glad to be there and his enthusiasm rubbed off on us.
Whether you're here for the Burgerwide special ($15 for the burger of the week, Newbold, and a shot of whiskey), a 3-course meal (can't go wrong with anything, but make sure you get Milk and Cookies for dessert), or just drinks this place will not disappoint. The chef knows what he's doing and the servers are happy to be there. Can't ask for anything more.Chicken and Waffles were off the chain so was the delicious bite of the burger I had. Also our server was excellent. I'll definitely be back for dinner.Five stars for food, atmosphere, and staff. This is my go-to spot for fried chicken cravings. There's is perfectly seasoned and crispy and is served with flavorful greens. As a starter, don't skip the ribs. They are just the right combination of tangy and sweet. For dessert, go with the adult milk and cookies; you won't be sorry. Every time I go, the server Jason welcomes me back, which makes me feel valued to their business.  The bartender Lou is conversational and a truly knowledgeable mixologist. Atmosphere is moody and romantic. Love this place!Rex is great! The Tuesday burger special is my favorite special in the city! Bartenders and waiters are very friendly!Man look..ate here on New Years and the everything was really good..waiter bragged about the brunch so I had to see about it and he wasn't lyin'! No freezer and no microwave in this kitchen..fresh made food from scratchThe atmosphere was cozy, with a bit of a more sophisticated twist. The burgers hit the spot as did the sweet potato fries. The onion soup was less noteworthy - served with two slices of toasted cheese brioche but not gooey like I like for a crock of onion soup.Went to Rex for the first time yesterday for dinner and the dinner and experience was just excellent. First of all, our waiter Brian was so nice and attentive. He gave his genuine opinions about the food. He was passionate about his recommendations and that came through in his service. He was right about the food as well!
Then the food was delicious! My friend and I had the Mac and cheese with pulled pork. We couldn't stop eating it! Then we also ordered fries and they were very good. We also had some wings, NC BBQ style. Nice, tangy and spicy since it was vinegar based. Loved it! Our entrees were exceptional. My friend had the hanger steak and I had the trout stuffed with black eyed peas. We both were saying before the meal that we were too full to finish but managed to clean our plates because it was just that good!!! I HIGHLY recommend Rex!This is my new favorite brunch spot in Philly and not only because of the food but the awesome service and atmosphere as well.
I went to Rex 1516 late on a Sunday afternoon for my birthday brunch. I had a reservation for 3pm and was running late. I called to let them know and they said it would be fine. I ended up getting there a half hour late and the kitchen was closing in 15 mins. The staff was completely nice about it and still let my party of 13 order food and drinks. They never rushed us and gave us time to look at the menu. I wish I could remember my server's name because she was great and never seemed annoyed that we were late. The manager Heather also brought over a birthday dessert before the kitchen closed because she wanted to make sure I got it. 
The food was really good, I had the shrimp po'boy which was tasty. A lot of my guests had the chicken and waffles, gave it rave reviews. We also had the grill cheese sandwich, biscuits and gravy. Everything was delicious. 
I highly recommend this place if you are looking for an intimate setting with great food, drinks and a super friendly staff. They could have totally cancelled my reservation since I was so late but they welcomed us and made sure we were comfortable.
Thank you so much Rex 1516!!!So close by figured we finally have to try it. We went at 3pm on Sunday so there was only one other table there. The waitress was nice, but most of the staff was just talking to each other in the back which I guess is OK since it was kind of empty. I got the pulled chicken sandwich which was really flavorful, my husband got the cornmeal waffles which were pretty OK, but a little hard and lacking flavor. The decor is cute and the music was swing/south which was pretty interesting. Would probably go back to try more things on the menu, the brunch menu could use a few more vegetarian options though.This southern restaurant does an excellent job on the "home cooked meal". They have awesome burgers, pot pies, mac n cheese. We enjoyed eating our meal outside on south street watching the people go by.  I would eat here again!Great restaurant!! The food is so delicious, the drinks are perfectly crafted, and the atmosphere is so inviting. I highly recommend this place for anything from dinner parties to date nights. 
The staff is so accommodating and the musics great!If you like Southern comfort food, this is your spot.  Even the drink menu is crafted with such attention to detail that I forgot I was well north of the Mason-Dixon.
The Deep South, centered around rooibos-infused vodka and honey, was as pleasant as any front-porch rocking chair.
As for the appetizers, the crawfish pot pie was INCREDIBLE, possibly the best thing I've eaten all year, and the pulled pork shells & cheese were delightful too.
The barbecue platter was great, too, featuring brisket and andouille sausage, along with three types of barbecue sauce to span the tastes of the American South.
Seriously, go.  Now.Went here with really high expectations. i guess that was my mistake.   Plenty of yelpers spoke very highly of this place & have written raves reviews about the service ,atmosphere and food.Arrived for brunch a few minutes after our reservation slot and our table was still waiting for us. The service here is impeccable and the staff that helped us out were friendly and know the menu. Everyone in our group commented on the awesome decor especially the exposed brick wall and dark wood furniture. 
The brunch options sound very inviting with a southern spin so i was excited to try something different.
I decided on the heuvos rancheros with a crawfish etouffe. What arrived to my table was a semi warm dish that looked as though it should be an appetizer. The tortilla base was a little on the hard side and the crawfish etouffe though flavorful was not as warm as it should have been. The sunny side up egg (yes just one) was not nearly as runny as i would have prefered but at least it was warmer than everything else on the plate. I probably should have sent back the dish but i was starving and didnt anticipate still being hungry post brunch. 
The theme for this brunch was small , cold servings but fantatsic service so based on the service alone i would give rex another shot. Im hoping the rest of the menu is full of normal size options that are WARM and filling.Wow yeah definitely had a great time at this place.  Will go back.  Valentine's Day 2016 dinner with my wife. I had a buddy recommend the burger so we had to get it and it didn't disappoint.   Tied for top burger for me in the city.  I believe it was a special make that night with fontina cheese, bacon and we asked for the friend egg on top.  Fantastic.  We split the NY Strip and couldn't finish it either.  It was in a sweet glaze that was great and you got a lot of steak for the $25.  We also started with the fried tomatoes and wings which I would also recommend.  Clearly this was a night to not hold back on the healthiness.. Really nice wait staff and atmosphere.  They comp'd the table next to us as they under cooked her steak and it took too long back in the kitchen.  A gesture to make you want to come back.  The bar was also a good selection of drinks and some craft beers on tap.Small Plates are way better than Entrees here
The vibes of this place remind me of Charleston; cute vintage decor with a classic movie playing in the background. The drinks were OK, a little bit on the bitter side for me but the presentation with the flowers on top was nice.
I was more impressed by their small plates than entrees here.
Smoked Wings - very flavorful and cooked well
Mac and Cheese - delicious, i wish there were more!
Fried Green Tomatoes - perfectly fried and pickled
My friends and I were not impressed with the entrees
Fried Catfish - soooo underseasoned! for a southern food restaurant we expected more from this
Fried Chicken - it was seasoned OK but there were some parts of the batter that were SO crunchy it felt like it was going to break our teeth, we've had way better fried chicken elsewhere
Crawfish Pot Pie - not enough crawfish but the flavors were decent
The desserts were great! The fried cookies were a bit much but I enjoyed their peanut butter chocolate cake w/ ice cream
Overall, I think this place needs to improve on their entrees which is the essence of this restaurant. All the small plates we had here are easily obtainable in other bars/restaurants.Went for Brunch! I was very happy with my chicken and waffles. I forgot the drink I got but it was very little,  I felt ripped off ordering that lol. My husband got the Hurricane cocktail and that was tasty and a good size. Overall we were all very happy (party of 6) with our food. Loved the atmosphere/decor, service and food!The experience of eating at Rex was all around delicious.  From the crawfish pot pie to the refreshing mint julep to my pork loin stuffed with cornbread and andoullie sausage.  And who knew sweet potatoes, collard greens and spinach could taste so good?! Thank you Chef Regis! 
We had fun exploring the cocktail menu and were delighted each time... flowers and mint sprigs decorating each drink. And the ambiance kept pace with the amazing food and drink.. jazz and silent Hitchcock movies playing in the background and sweet Lou behind the bartender crafting drinks with pizzazz. Service was friendly and attentive. Oh and the prices are good too. I cant wait to go back to explore the menus a bit more.. maybe this time for lunch or brunch. I've heard the burger is amazing and is a house grind of flilet, brisket, and pork belly. I have a feeling this is one of those places and I am going back to again and again!Absolutely delicious!! Try the chicken and waffles and the underrated creamed chipped brisket on sour dough.Brunch is amazing. Stumbled upon this place one day, and so happy that we did. Shrimp and grits is out of this world. Biscuits and gravy are oddly sweet, but I'm sure that works for some people. Can't say enough about the shrimp and gritsSo I guess things can be hit or miss.  I had the Monte Cristo and felt like there was a brick in my stomach for about 36 hours.  It was very, very uncomfortable.  Live and learn; shrimp and grits always from now on.The food was OK. It wasn't out of this world. I think you pay more for the ambience than the food itself.Amazing grill cheese sandwich!!!!! You can't beat a $5 spicy sandwich! Honestly the best grill cheese in philly!My long awaited visit to Rex 1516 was very much well worth it! Cranky and starving from having walked from Olde City, we were fortunate to be seated at the bar in the back since we did not have a reservation. 
Service: Terrific! The bartender was fabulous and watching him was like watching live art. Incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff who engaged with us and made us feel like home. We loved the staff. 
Atmosphere: Cozy, but dark and mysterious. There are tables near the entrance and the bar in the back. Right before the kitchen is a bench with a TV directly above it. I can't remember the music, but they had The Maltese Falcon playing on a loop which was delightful since it's my favorite Bogart and Lorre film. There wasn't an air of snobbiness and felt very welcoming. 
Food: GREAT burger and highly recommended. The catfish pate was also on special and worth trying. Make sure you have room for the dessert which also delivered with their warm apple crisp which was delicious (coming from someone who does NOT do apple desserts!).
Overall a wonderful experience from beginning to end!Excellent range of foods from comfort to more sophisticated served in a very pleasant atmosphere by a very accommodating staff.  This is an excellent choice for a well-conceived and executed menu that won't break the bank.  Count on spending roughly $45 a person for a full meal with modest drinking.  If you start ordering bottles of wine and cocktails you can run up the tab significantly, but, then, that is true anywhere!!!!!!another great sign that South street is up and coming. I went here for a decadent lunch with a friend to celebrate. We started with the planter's punch--it had a nicely alcoholic punch that started our celebrations off in the right way. We split the southern caesar salad, which she loved and I liked (full disclosure--I'm not a huge Caesar fan). I had the jambalaya, which was awesome--nice and spicy. Very good. Since then I've also been back for the salmon entree and the shrimp and grits at brunch, all very good. What really makes this place, though, is the drinks and the desserts. The sweet potato turnovers are wonderful, the pie is excellent, and the bread pudding is decadent. I also recommend all the drinks--I've tried them all--but my favorite remains the planter's punch. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood!Rex handles southern cuisine in a way most northeastern restaurants can't. I had the BBQ Pork platter and it was a great dish. I only wish it had more ribs or pulled pork. They add food to the dish by putting a sausage with it. The sausage was very good, but I would have still liked to see one more rib or some more pulled pork. The BBQ sauce is tangy and tasty. The drinks are well prepared, and inventive. Good craft beer menu as well. I recommend this place highly.Good food but the main reason I give this place 5 stars is that they fill up growlers for $12!!! And with good beer too! Otherwise their brunch menu is great and they have some delicious desserts.I have been here a few times for brunch. My wife and I went for Happy Hour and their annual crawfish boil. This place is amazing. Best brunch in the area and Happy Hour is killer. If you have not been here you need to go. 
In top of great food the staff is super friendly.I enjoyed this place, Its not everyday you get a creole based brunch. Its a nice alternative to the regular eggs benny, omelets you get at most brunch spots. Don't get me wrong, they serve up the regular items but its creole based which makes it pretty awesome. I ordered egg benny with crawfish ettouffe!!! It was pretty freakin delicious!!! 
I have not been here for dinner but will most certainly try it out now that I know they serve up creole/cajun food.We've been to Rex twice now for happy hour and absolutely love it. Great cocktails, amazing $5 food specials and the bartenders are incredibly friendly. My boyfriend got the chorizo burger, which was a special one day, and said its the best he's ever had. Really fun pace to sit at the bar for date night.Mmmmmm...Pimento cheese....
I love this restaurant, although they could stand to bulk out their vegetarian options a little (rice and beans hardly a meal makes).
People freak out over the sweet-tea brined chicken, and the burger is a solid 5 stars especially with a fried egg on top!
The chef, Justin Swain, is a visionary, and the bartender, Sweet Lou, is just as talented.
Definitely a must-go!Cool spot with a retro vibe. Food is great as are the cocktails. Staff is friendly and professional. The manager Heather is great and Jack and Lou are talented bartenders. This is not a sports bar. Founding Fathers is right up the block if you want to catch a game.Once a year my fiance and I have a special day that we dedicate to finding new and unique treasures in Philadelphia. It's a day were the phones are off and we galavant around the city in hope of rediscovering our love for Philadelphia. I typically spend about month doing research in preparation. This year our goal was to discover the best fried chicken in Philadelphia. A little back story, the fiance is awesome but to be clear he is a picky eater. He loves chicken however, so this was an important part of the day. I made a reservation at Rex 1516 and mentioned in the res that we were coming specifically for the chicken. This was the last activity planned for the day.
When we arrived, I instantly felt at ease in the restaurant. It's a really cute space with big windows out front. We were seated and our very pleasant waitress notified us that there was only one menu change ... they were out of ... dun dun dun ... fried chicken. My heart sank but we played it off like it was no big deal. 5 minutes later the manager approached and explained how although they were out of fried chicken, they saved two for us based on our reservation. I couldn't  believe how those few words changed the entire course of our evening. I was humbled and so grateful for what they did, at this point I already decided I loved this place. Customer service is so important to me sometimes more than the food. 
But lets talk about the food ...
Everything we ordered was delightful. The cheese straws were light and airy with a delicious pesto sauce. The fried chicken was literally some of the best I ever had. My fiance was licking the bones. The fluffy mashed potatoes with white gravy were heavenly and the greens were perfectly seasoned with just enough heat. The hot sauce that it came with was a perfect accompaniment. For dessert we ordered their special which was a play on cookies and milk. The "cookies" were pecan and chocolate fried dough balls and the "milk" ... well I can't remember exactly what was in it but if I could have stripped down and bathed in it at the restaurant I would have. Apparently this was the debut dessert of the newly appointed soux chef Brian DeMuro. I would say it was a hit!
So in summary, you know a place is a good when you start reading their brunch menu during dinner in an effort to plan your next visit. We did exactly this. The decor, the staff, the food, the hospitality, did I mention the food? Everything together made me leave skipping down South Street. Thank you to everyone at Rex 1516. See you for brunch in a few weeks!Go Hungry!
I'm a huge fan of the creative small plate american food you get at places like Sbraga, Fork, Farm and Fisherman and Russet.  This is something else--but to call it comfort food, sells it short.  It is inspired by New Orleans and this joint loves some sweet potato.  One thing it's not is stingy--generous, but not overwhelming. We had a fig, goat cheese and caramelized onion bruschetta and some sort of crayfish pot pie as appetizers.  Salmon (big piece perfectly cooked) with a green rice unlike anything.   My son had a stuffed pork dish with sweet potato that was to die for.  
Our desert was cheesecake and pie, both made with sweet potato.  There's a dedicated pastry chef--somehow, save room for desert--it ain't easy.
Oh yes, there was generous arugula salad with pecans and pears.  Cause they just opened there was complimentary wine (don't count on that for long);  three of us got out with food to take home for under 100.  A very fair value, I think.
The service was warm and attentive but not annoying (take a lesson Tashan).  Really terrific classic jazz from the 20s to the 50s on the fine sound system-speakers all around.. Someone with taste chose the music; our musician son agreed. 
Joint was empty, so no way to say if they can sustain all this with a full house, but if they can--watch out.  We live in the neighborhood, so see you there.  
Great meal.  Fair price.I hit up REX with a group of friends for brunch after a draining weekend at the Made in America Festival. The spot is nice and cozy and when we arrived the spot was not packed. But the food is nothing to brag about and the service is ridiculously slow. The owner and the staff are  very nice though. I ordered the banana pancakes. It tasted good but was not hot or filling. It did not come with eggs, bacon, or any side dish. Seriously $12 for 2 pieces of texas toast cut in half. I was starving after my meal. 
One of my friends ordered the chicken and waffles and she also complained about her food being lukewarm. Another friend ordered the shrimp and grits and had to send it back because it was cold and did not have the pork bits that she requested in her meal. It took another 20 mins for the food to come back out and by then she lost her appetite. The most disappointing moment was when one of my friends had to send her plate back not once but TWICE because her dish was served with pork after she made it VERY CLEAR that she did not eat pork. However, the owner and staff apologized repeatedly and her bill was comped. 
-service is slow, food is not the best. save your time and money and check out the other brunch spots on south street.Great service. Our server was great.
Had the fried oysters with cheese & bacon grits. The fried oysters were bland by themselves but tasty with the grits.
Had the risotto...wasn't impressed.
Loved the shake chocolate porter draft beer. One of the tastiest beers I've ever experienced.Came here last Sunday for the clams and a fantastic hefeweizen on tap. The food was amazing, and the atmosphere was romantic and charming. I also liked that not too many people were there, as I could actually have a conversation with my partner. I would give it 5 stars if the portions were larger. My $13 plate was really small.. probably around a dozen small clams at the most.Best grilled cheese of my life! (Only $5 during happy hour wowow) and molasses chipotle chicken wings and cornbread (with seasonal butter- different every time and delicious every time) mmmm mm mmm! And such a nice cozy & romantic atmosphere ... My favorite restaurant on south streetRex is one of my favorite spots in the city. The food and cocktails are top-notch. The staff, is extremely knowledgable about Southern cuisine, and the bartender is a walking encyclopedia of libations. I also really love the atmosphere-- the lights are dimmed and there are old movies playing in the background. I can't recommend Rex highly enough!Been coming here for the Burger specials on Tuesday nights since it's not too crowded and it's close to where I live. For the price, the gourmet burger of the week is definitely one of the best in the city. I love their sweet potato fries so much that I could probably just eat that and be content. The best part is that they'll throw in a shot and a beer to keep you nice and buzzed throughout dinner. Definitely a great weeknight experience.Wow- I can't say enough good things about this place. The cool, modern, but cozy ambiance helped us settle in, and our friendly waiter was helpful in answering all of our questions about the menu. Two at the table ordered the mint julep which was punchy and not too sweet. 
Food we ordered:
Fig Bruschetta: full of tangy, sweet, and sour flavors, maybe just a tad heavy-handed on the rosemary, but devoured nonetheless 
Mac and Cheese: soooo good. It was creamy and cheesy with crunchy little salty ham bits that just tie it all together. I may order this as a main next time. That is, if I don't order the.... 
BURGER: three of us ordered this, and all agreed that it was one of the best in Philly. At least one thinks it IS the best burger in Philly. It's a unique blend of meats that's well-balanced in texture and taste. It's not greasy, but still melt-in your mouth. I ordered mine with cheddar instead of blue cheese, and none of the flavor was compromised. And all three of our burgers were cooked perfectly- medium rare. Also, good bun to burger ratio, something that is too often overlooked in the making of a delicious burger.
Bread Pudding: the waiter said that this was his favorite, so we went with it. One of the best bread puddings I've had- dense and moist but light at the same time.tl;dr - really cute vibe! Food is pretty good but prices are just a little high. Service was just normal. Cute place for a date and brunch!
I ordered the shrimp with grits. I really liked my entree, though it was quite rich. It was something I never had before and it was definitely very yummy. The fried pork in the grits was really good. It was pretty heavy for brunch, so watch out for that. 
My boyfriend got the famous burger. He gets burgers pretty often, but thought it was pretty average considering the price and the hype. Definitely a good burger, but slightly overseasoned. You could tell the ingredients were quality ingredients. 
Service was fast, but nothing stood out to me. Make reservations! It was crowded by the time we arrived. Would come again.I usually don't do Yelp reviews, so just by taking the time to do one here speaks for a lot!
The hurricane cocktail was amazing! I had the seasonal one (which was pineapple) and I like sweet drinks so it certainly didn't disappoint.
Between the two of us, my date and I ordered the shells and cheese, crawfish pot pie, and sweet potato fries and shared everything. It was all DELICIOUS. The sweet potato fries were probably the best I ever tried!
We ended with the dessert of milk and cookies which was fried dough with chocolate inside and a glass of rum chata to dip. The server said it was the best dessert in the world and he wasn't lying! I would go back just for that dessert!
The server (Brian) was great at what he does: very attentive, knowledgeable on the menu, and friendly. Certainly did his job by selling the items on the menu to us.
I would highly recommend this restaurant. We just happened to stumble upon it and walked in; certainly wasn't disappointed!A very underrated brunch place with a New Orleans style flair. Really good comfort food. I'll definitely be back.Really great.   Terrific service.   Great menu.   Good food.   Very reasonable.   Really enjoyed the whiskey choices.Sooooo good and fresh! I had the vegetarian gravy and biscuits with a side of grits along with a Deep South. Everything was phenomenal and perfectly seasoned. Kudos!Rex 1516 is an upscale version of southern down home cooking.  I've been here a couple of times: once for drinks, and once for brunch.  Both times here have been pleasant, with good service and decent food and drinks.  On my most recent trip back for brunch, the BF and I wanted to try something out of our usual brunch rotation.  We looked at the menu online and although it was limited, contained enough decently sounding brunch dishes that whet our appetites.
After we sat down, our waitress went through Rex's list of brunch cocktails so quickly I barely made out the words "mimosa" and "spicy", but I was still able to get my bloody mary no problem.  For brunch, I had the omelet with duck confit, sausage, taleggio, and sauteed spinach and onions.  The duck was cooked perfectly: juicy, moist, and filling.  The rest of the ingredients were also good except the sausage (I barely noticed it in the dish).  The omelet was also made way better with hot sauce (and they carry Crystal's! Yes!).  The BF's biscuits and gravy were sort of disappointing: two very doughy biscuits with a small helping of sausage gravy on top, with two sunny side up eggs.  One of the eggs even had small bits of eggshell in it.  Not cool.
I did find it amusing how our cocktail garnish was very...phallic (a piece of okra sandwiched between two green olives), and aside from one small service mixup (the food runner bringing us the wrong food on the first attempt), there were no real complaints.  Also, it wasn't particularly expensive, which is a plus.  Overall, this is a really nice spot with some creative cocktails.  I would probably brunch elsewhere next time, but definitely a nice place to go for a drink or catch up with friends when the weather is nice.I've eaten there once and the food was good (I forget the dishes now), but these guys have to (literally) clean up their act (as in sanitary): http://data.inquirer.com/inspections/restaurant/philadelphia/R5230706/. 
I am going to start calling out restaurants that do not care about keeping us safe. Kudos to the Inquirer for helping to make this information transparent and open for the public.My fiance's parents have been to Rex twice for dinner, and loved it, so when they wanted to have brunch with us I suggested we go there - especially since they take reservations and it's hard to get a seat for Sunday brunch last minute in Philly. 
We had the table right next to the window, which was really nice since the day was glorious outside, and were quickly given menus and soon had water and coffee/tea. After perusing the menu, we each ordered different plates: I ordered the roasted vegetable quiche with side salad, my fiance got their omelette filled with duck confit, chorizo, taleggio, sautéed spinach and onions, his dad got the cornmeal waffles with whipped mascarpone, and his mom opted for the shrimp and grits with a fried egg, roasted tomatoes, spicy cheddar sauce, and crispy pork belly.
My quiche was a big let down - I've never seen a quiche so tiny and thin! Not to mention I had one piece of roasted onion and that was it - no veggies whatsoever. I make waaaay better quiche that are at least two inches thick and more flavorful. The side salad was an afterthought on a plate. *sigh* More of an appetizer size than an entree. But everyone else loved their dishes. I couldn't try his mom's shrimp and grits (shrimp allergy, grr), but her first bite made her pause and moan in delight, and the others really enjoyed their tastes as well. His dad really liked the waffles (his eyes lit up when the waitress identified the white blob as mascarpone), but I have to say the best dish seemed to be my fiance's omelette. IT WAS HUGE. HE even said it was too big, and my boy can EAT. The omelette was cooked perfectly, the sausage and duck confit were meaty chunks of heaven, and with the taleggio, spinach, and onions the whole dish was just scrumptious. And it came with an unnecessary side salad! I'm so happy he gave me more than one bite (esp since I needed it after that sad excuse for a meal). My rating reflects those last three dishes - they need to improve that quiche DRASTICALLY. But otherwise a wonderful place for brunch, which South Street desperately needed!Ive been to Rex 1516 previously, for the Tuesday burger special, which is a GREAT deal! In my mind, they had become a 'burger joint''. After a long day of traveling, my wife & I were starving when we landed at the Philadelphia airport. After being seated, I became intrigued by some of the other menu options & decided to pass on the burger. We started with the wings w/ molasses chipotle...OMG! Next I ordered the steak & my wife had the catfish...both dishes were INSANELY good! We couldn't decide on dessert, so we ordered banana pudding, cookies & milk & a scoop of the buttermilk blueberry ice cream. I. CAN. NOT. BELIEVE. How delicious they ALL were!!!! I can't wait to go back!!! I'll continue to be a fan of their burger night, but they are so much more than a burger joint!! Awesome service, incredible food!The hostess was able to seat us at the bar without a reservation during brunch last Saturday, she was very friendly and the service was great as well. However, the food is what compelled me to write a review! They have a phenomenal gluten free menu and the burger I ate was delicious! Rex 1516 is my new brunch spot and I will definitely be back for dinner!This burger is one of the best burgers I've ever had. The pimento cheese spread has just enough heat to add something a bit special but not detract from the overall flavor. 
The Mac and cheese is delicious! The cocktails are inventive! 
The atmosphere and staff are delightful. I absolutely love this place and every time we come here for dinner it comes closer and closer to becoming my favorite place in the cityA spot to stop for a drink and a sandwich or salad. The braised short rib sandwich was excellent with a nice side salad. Lively spot but not noisily overwhelming.I heard about this restaurant from a friend who is also a known foodie, so I knew to trust his opinion and I am so glad that I did!
For starters, the restaurant is small, quaint, and quiet; a nice change. The decor is old world contemporary and very chic...just the cutest place.
We were waited on by Brian J. and wow, what impeccable service! He was very attentive to our needs and did not constantly bother us like some restaurants. Don't you hate when you go to a restaurant and within 5 minutes, they want to take your order? Then constantly try to take away dishes as you are consuming your meal? Not once did I feel as if we were rushed, as a matter of fact, I felt like I could chill and hang out for a couple of hours, which is exactly what we did.
I started out with a craft cocktail named Vasco Da Gama and wow...one of the best drinks I have ever tasted. In fact, I had two! That may not seem like a lot to you, but I rarely drink, so I was a tad tipsy. The drink was very smooth and the blend of pepper and strawberries was spot on.
Next, I ordered the cornbread with seasonal butter (garlic this time). The cornbread was delivered hot, in a mini cast iron skillet with a nice round chunk of butter melting on top.
I had to do a double take when I looked at the menu..CHICKEN SKINS! Seriously, who does that?! My favorite part of the chicken is the skin and the crispier, the better. The skins are served with a side of hot sauce and I was in heaven...or so I thought, until I ordered the crawfish pot pie for my main meal. Although it's listed under appetizers, trust me when I say that the portion was plenty! This was the best pot pie I have ever had and that's saying a lot because I seek out pot pies in the winter. 
I hated to pass on dessert, but that would have been a gluttonous mistake. They all looked amazing and when I go back, you had better believe that I have a date with the fried cookie dough truffles.Very good brunch...I had the chicken & waffles, definitely enjoyed. Fair prices, decent portions, very nice staff. Cozy atmosphere, will definitely return.love the space. it really does remind me of all the great restaurants at home (aka NOLA). however, the food just doesn't do it for me. the biggest travesty was the grits I had for brunch one morning. maybe it was a fluke, but those grits were NOT good (I have the authority to rate grits since I grew up on them.) the grits obviously contained cream and butter, which provide the fat that is absolutely critical to great grits, but the ratio of each was off because the grits ended up congealing into an almost solid mass that slid around the cup as one entity. DEFINITELY not appetizing and way too rich.
one saving grace is that they can accommodate gluten-free diets.Hands down!!! I love this place!! First dinner  and will surely come back!!! I love the Farmers Market cheese spread!!! I cannot recall when was the last time I had a super filling fantastic cheese plate. This one i very much enjoyed. The old bay biscuits are very hot, soft and moist. It pairs well with the somewhat spicy pimiento cheese and to cut the spice of it I added the apple butter for the perfect balance sweetness. I also enjoyed the goat cheese it is like butter to me. I love it!!! We actually asked if we can have more  bread as we devoured the biscuits already. I was getting impatient. When they brought the baguette I was very impress because they took their time to even grill the baguettes.. Love the attention to detail. 
My husband loved the burger. He said every bite he has pimiento cheese which is awesome. I loved my mac n cheese. Sooo chesesy and very creamy too!!!Don't know why Yelp says Rex is closed when it is open and typically busy.  Been here twice with excellent meals both times. 
For the first visit we needed to watch the clock so part of our party could catch a train. The staff was attentive and helped us squeeze dessert in. Everything tasted in both visits was delicious. The Mac and cheese appetizer is now a favorite. 
A little expensive, but I was happy with the price for the quality and staff. Very glad this little gem of a restaurant is in the neighborhood.Positive:  southern style food...Creekstone brisket with Texas bbq sauce is delicious, soft, and moist.  The desserts sound great and the Virgin milk and cookies melt are full of choclatey goodness!  The restaurant location is nice and the wait staff are excellent.
Negative: The cole slaw and baked beans that come with the brisket are average.  The Cesar salad is okay but the croutons are delicious!  Small restaurant and outdoor seating not optimal... It competes with sidewalk and dog walkers.
Revisit:  for desserts or brunch for huevos rancheros, brisket, and shrimp po boy.One of my favorite restaurant in town: gourmet southern food without being pretentious. I have been there countless times and I've never been disappointed: great food, cocktails and service. The Mc &Cheese is excellent.
The desserts also are delicious, try to save some room for one (it's hard).I went to Rex 1516 for the first time this past Sunday and can say the food and drinks were wonderful!  The place is small, yet larege enough that you aren't listening to everyone's conversation.  
We sat at the bar and the bartender was amazing; she definately takes making drinks as a creative process and it shows.  Delicious mint juleps!!
We enjoyed the shrimp and grits, biscuits and gravy and the goat cheese cheesecake.
The only compliant that I had was that my biscuits and gravy could of been a bit warmer when they arrived.
Great lil spot worth checking out.  I will be back to try out the dinner menu.The menu had great aspirations and the waiter was a good salesman but the food just did not deliver. While the meats themselves were well prepared, the sauces were not well made. The bbq sauce for the brisket was missing the sweetness and was all vinegar and mustard, the the glaze on the friend chicken just didn't pair well with the taste of friend chicken. The sides seem to be an afterthought as the beans in the baked beans were not cooked completely,  and the coleslaw and sourcream potato  salad were not well seasoned.We had a pleasant enough brunch experience at Rex 1516 on a hot morning. The food warrants 3.5 stars, but I dug the vibe which bumps it up to four. No wait for any sized party at 12:30, a big plus.
Rex's dark wood, metal accents, brick wall, and artistic light fixtures suggest a rustic but classy ambiance. The back bar looked elegant and interesting jazz played at the perfect volume. I wouldn't hesitate to bring a date here on atmosphere alone.
Service staff acted nicely enough, though our waiter fumbled a bit with an order screwup (which was remedied) and a slow pace. Coffees were kept full, food came out quickly. Worth noting is that the cocktail list here seems killer, I will definitely imbibe upon return.
A basic egg breakfast nailed it with lusciously textured scrambled eggs, delicious sweet potato hash, thick bacon, and fresh jam/toast. The eggs lacked a touch of salt, but I'm nitpicking. Sweet potato biscuits and chorizo gravy had palpable sweet potato and chorizo flavors, an interesting take on the brunch standard. Unfortunately, the biscuits were more leaden than fluffy or airy, and the eggs had too much salt. I should've gone with the delicious looking shrimp and grits my neighbors ordered.
The damage was $12 or under a plate, portions were adequate. Rex 1516 is thus a solid option for a brunch in a nice, casual atmosphere. The food isn't 100% there, but you'll enjoy the ambiance.(4) ~ very good overall food & service
DRINKS:
** Water(tap) = (4) very good, must be filtered;)
** Austrian Hefeweizen(bottle) = (4) very good
FOOD:
** Smoked Turkey Tails w. Alabama BBQ Sauce = (4.25) Very good & Unique. This is the tastier dark meat too;)
** Chocolate Peanut Butter King Cake = (4) very good
* St. Louis Ribs = (3.75) Good & Messy;)lolWhat a fantastic place! The staff was exceptionally courteous and made us feel right at home. The service was the best! Our food was prepared to delight which made our experience here so wonderful, and the atmosphere was very on point. I would recommend getting your reservation in early for a Saturday night as the room fills up quickly. Kudos, Rex 1516!Love the ambiance. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The homemade pimento cheese is fantastic. The crawfish pot pie is great. Love the menu. Great bartender (Sweet Lou I think) and really friendly service. Definitely a place to check out, especially if you like southern food.
Also, the chicken and waffles brunch was absolutely incredible.Good food, good cocktails, and takes brunch reservations. What more could you ask for? I tried the chicken and waffles benedict, which was a fun twist on two of my favorite brunch dishes. There is also an interesting selection of less traditional and quite refreshing brunch cocktails.Kind of weird . 
First off plan to take the subway and walk down or good luck trying to find street parking . There is a lot you can park at however be prepared to spend 15 - 20 dollars. When I first walked in I was greeted by a long cheetah style curtain followed by the hostess that comes out of no where , kind of weird . However, the environment is dark and the tables are so close together that it makes you feel so uncomfortable. Regardless the burger was  great as well as the service.Omg ! Came here for my brunch to celebrate my cousins 21st! I ordered the cheeseburger and it was amazing !!As the planner of the group, I found this restaurant and saved it as a possibility. We attempted to go elsewhere but the wait was too long and voilà, the chance to go to Rex1516. My friends and I are serious foodies, like serious! We got to Rex1516 and they'd run out of all their popular items but we still decided to stay. We asked the managers and waiter for their recommendation and all were spot on. Like really DELICIOUS! We end up thanking them for running out of their popular items because the "nonpopular" items were sooooo good. The drinks were delicious. It was very well priced. All in all, a great time.
Aside from the food, the service was great.  We were visiting for Made in America and my friend forgot her ticket in the hotel room. The manager printed the tickets out for us, after she went through multiple log ins and passwords because I couldn't remember them. She didn't have to do that but I feel like she would've done it for anyone, she was just that nice.
It was so good, we went back the day after and got the "popular" items.  Of course, it was great also!