Excellent attentive service.  Enjoyed pizza ($10.00), salad, and spinach.  We had a great time.  Sat outside and enjoyed the marina!  Will be back soon.Went here tonight as part of a group outing, so I can't really give a full review on the entire "everyday" dining experience, but can tell you what I experienced. 
We were placed in a private room by ourselves - a group of about 35  - and the service was excellent.  We had a round of appetizers that included proscuitto with melon, mozzarella and Parmesan cheese (the real stuff), various grilled vegetables (their house antipasti) and a great seafood antipasti with calamari and shrimp. 
Then they served us a pasta course with a trio of pastas on a single plate: gnocchi with a wonderfully pungent Gorgonzola sauce, bow tie pasta with a rich lobster vodka cream-tomato sauce and penne with a spicy arribiata sauce.  The Gorgonzola and arrabiata sauces were my favorites, with the lobster/vodka/cream/tomato sauce leaving a little something to be desired. 
Being a large group, our entree choices were limited to filet mignon, grilled swordfish, chicken cacciatore, a salmon dish, and a grilled veal chop.  Since most of the others I can easily make at home, I went with the grilled veal chop and it was a wise choice - it was nearly an inch and a half thick, included the t-bone and was perfectly cooked with a charred outside that complemented the tender inside and was enhanced by what I believe was a light marinade of Italian herbs.  The marinade/herbs enhanced the flavor of the meat, giving it highlights, but didn't overpower it. 
The dessert was standard issue cannoli, tortes and eclair puffs, though the eclairs were drizzled with a lovely dark chocolate glaze.  
Again, I can only speak from my experience with a group, but based on that experience, I would give this place a shot for dinner with friends or family for some hearty Italian and grilled fare.This was a very beautiful restaurant. The decor was beautiful inside and it was an added bonus that we got a window seat because we were able to see the view of the water and bridge. The staff was awesome and very attentive. My girlfriend took me here on a date night and neither of us knew about this place we just drove by and saw it and I yelped it . I usually will try a restaurant if it's 3 or more stars so we did. We ordered calamari as an appetizer which was great. Fried perfect and seasoned well. Even before that they served bread which was very flavorful. I'm deducting stars because the main course lacked flavor and was bland. We both ordered the surf and turf which consisted of filet and a lobster tail. Very under seasoned and the lobster tail was slightly over cooked. Even if they would have put a little salt and pepper on the filet while cooking would have made a difference. With the lobster tail even a little butter and lemon while grilling would have made a difference. I would have rated at least 3.5 stars if I could but I can't so 3 it is. The main course was just lacking.With all the fine Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, go to one of them. This place has survived for years on large Sunday family dinners, but the good is very poor. Once it was called Windows on the Water, and the view over the Pier 3 Marina is very nice, though very narrow. Enjoy the view and the free bruschetta, but if you plan to pay for a meal, you are going to be disappointed.Giving three stars because first let me say,  the Bar tender is great.  Had a delicious app and steak at the bar.  The hostess was the reason of no 5 stars.  Very unprofessional and quite nasty at times.The restaurant was half full and she was trying to turn people away because "The kitchen is backed up"  Heard her say those very words.  The venue is beautiful, the bar is excellent and the food is superior.  Goes to show your help can kill you.:(I went tonight at La Veranda, an amazing place!!! Great atmosphere , great food! The chef came at our table explaining the dishes, very professional. And the view ?? Wow!! I will definitely come back at this place.I just read through a bunch of the reviews on here, and, frankly, I am not sure where other people ate. 
My boyfriend picked Ristorante La Veranda out for Valentine's Day and we had a perfectly lovely meal.  He called for the reservation several days ago and was told that the dress code was "business casual".  So, we did one step up from that. Most of the patrons were dressed business casual, or even a little less (Sorry, but jeans are NOT business casual).  But several others dressed a step up from business casual.
The restaurant was busy but not insanely so.  We got our table without issue and our server approached us within 5 minutes, probably less.  In fact, we were impressed with the speed and efficency of the service and told our server that.  She informed us that, at one point, the kitchen was backed up (gotta love "the weeds") and she was happy to hear that we were not aware of it.  
I had an antepasto of roasted vegetables that did not disappoint.  In fact I found the roasted red sweet peppers topped with a bit of basil pesto.  That was a delightful taste combonation.  My boyfriend had a Ceaser salad and he was pleased with it. He was particularly appreciative of the healthy amount of well-seasoned crisp croutons on it.
For the main course, he had a farfale pasta featuring a blush sauce with salmon and langostine meat.  I tasted it and, although not the biggest fan of blush sauces, thought the salmon added a nice smoky touch.  The langostine was firm.  The veggies were not at all soggy and al dente (as was the pasta).
I had a rib eye steak, ordered medium rare.  I am thrilled they got it right!  There are few things more annoying than an incorrectly cooked steak at a restaurant.  I did not even consider asking for steak sauce (another sign of a bad steak) as it was beautifully seasoned and seared.  I liked it so much, I brought the bone home and am making it into a beef stock right now!
My BF had cheesecake for dessert and, I have to say, it was delicious!  It was firm, fragrant with a little lemon, and a big slice!  I had a housemade eclair that reminded me of the ones my great aunt used to make. It was still warm, and covered with a rich chocolate fudge.  :)
All in all, we will most likely go back.  We are looking forward to the weather breaking and eating outside, on the water.love this restaurant.  gorgeous views, gorgeous ambience, fabulous staff and consistently wonderful food.  We lingered because we were having such a wonderful birthday dinner for my Mom.  Our third time there, did not disappoint.  Run, don't walk there!Not sure why this place gets such mixed reviews. I've had nothing but fantastic food and service every time I've been. It's not the newest, hottest place around, but if you're looking for a great meal with some old-school class, this is the place. 
Grilled calamari appetizer was light and flavorful. 
Tonno Siciliano perfectly rare as I ordered, with an excellent spicy tomato and caper sauce. My friend raved about his osso bucco and penne vodka. I'd had them both previously, but passed since it was a Friday during Lent. 
I'll definitely be back.Came for our anniversary. Beautiful place, but didnt get seat by the water when lots of tables open. Food was ok.  not great. Had better food at other restaurants but you pay for ambiance and location. 
Server was ok, not great. 
The rest of the staff were great.Went here for a business dinner, and the service was great but the food wasn't all that outstanding. They served us some appetizers that were less than stellar. The bruschetta was good, but the cold veggies and seafood salad were weird. The pasta trio that they served us was pretty good. The winner of the three was the gnocchi in cream sauce. The bow tie and penne were just alright. I had the fillet medium rare. It again, wasn't very flavorful and was served with some strange fried eggplant. This review is harsh, I know, but I really wasn't impressed! Skip desert, it wasn't worth it. 
Bottom line: gnocchi was good.The restaurant is very nice and a beautiful vuew,the staff is amazing,the food is regular.i liked more the place than the foodWent here on our anniversary. We were happy we were able to sit by a window. Our waiter was very nice, never pushy. Their bruschetta seriously the best we ever had. The overall presentation the food was nice. I did have the ossobuco which was served with risotto that I felt should have been underneath it to have a sauce on it. Do not miss the chocolate cake it is unbelievable it is sweet and tart at the same time due to the layering of the white chocolate the milk chocolate and the dark chocolate mousse. Their prices were fair and reasonable. We enjoyed our experience there.Wonderful mix of old school Italian restaurant, with some guys out of the Sopranos combined with a slightly modern look and a great location on the Delaware River. The reason they attract the type of people they do is first the food and second the attentive service. The osso buco was perfect. I would also suggest the fish in the salt shell.  While not on the menu, you should ask for it. Start with the grilled calamari. To die for! I think they coat it olive oil and put it quickly on the grill. Could have eaten it all night. In the past, I've also had their pasta with vodka sauce as a side dish. Really tasty. This is definite a suit or sport jacket type of place, though ties are optional. Dress up a little.Ate here last evening.   Had a wonderful experience. ...  Initially we were greeted at the door and seated right away.  All Staff was wonderful and friendly.  The food was delicious and service was impeccable. View was beautiful of the water and boats.     I am not a wine person but the waiter brought me a wonderful glass of wine I seriously enjoyed.  If I lived here...I would go back.My boyfriend made us reservations back in March for my birthday. Hostess was so kind and seated us next to the window to look out at the water which was a beautiful view. Our waiter knew everything you need to know about the menu and he just made sure everything was perfect for my birthday celebration. The food was spectacular and the portions were very large. They all came together and sang happy birthday to me towards the end with a piece of delicious cheesecake for dessert. 
It was a wonderful place and I will definitely be back next time for date night in Philly. Thank you for making my birthday so memorable!I come here every time I'm in Philly. Beautiful views, super friendly staff who remember me whenever I come in. The food is great and reasonably priced. A great and reliable low key dining experience.Years ago when I was temporarily living in the city of brotherly love I happened to stop by this place with a family I lived with. We were not dressed anywhere near nice but not dressed sloppy either due to it being summertime plus still allowed in and given prompt service. The waiter was very courteous and helpful. I remember ordering the "pasta al quattro formaggi" meaning pasta with four chesses. When I got my plate it was delicious plus complimented it with wine. I won't be visiting this place anytime soon but on my next visit to Philly I would like to make a dining stop hereAngelo!!!!! What a host.....I made reservations on line and the plan was to walk the pier until diner.  When we went to park the car the woman at the booth said that La Veranda has valet parking.  so when we got to the restaurant it was to early for valet parking HOWEVER...Angelo said no worries he took the keys and parked the car I front of the restaurant until the Gentleman for valet parking arrived.
Our reservation was for 6:30 but we got back from our walk at 6....Angelo said no worries and sat us outside as requested...His personality is great for this business...the food was DELISH....the bread was fresh and the bruschetta was VERY tasty.
There was 4 of us for dinner and we al enjoyed what we ordered.  
I would definitely recommend this restaurant and we would definitely go back.
The other PLUS- EVERYONE was so personable...did not rush us and engaged in commversationDelicious charred steaks for an Italian seafood restaurant. Great service and amazing location with a great view and deck right on the water. Very friendly.Took my gf for her birthday dinner here. And WOW what an amazing place. From the service to the view to the food everything was just amazing. The portions were more then we could handle. The seafood was absolutely to die for. If I could give them more stars I would.Nice and quiet place food was very good. Staff were very friendly. I will definitely go back again
Dimming interior lights will definitely help to enjoy view of Ben Franklin Bridge.La Veranda is not a place to be missed.  The appetizers are fabulous.  Luis and Gene are excellent representatives of what dedicated staff members who are true to their craft should be.  Placido Domingo over the speakers was a bonus.  Have Gene make you a lemon drop.  Too great to miss.Where do I start? The food, service, and ambiance is top notch. The servers are friendly and always knowledgeable of the menu and ingredients. The food is absolutely amazing. I've gotten plenty to eat here and every single time I'm blown away by how amazing it tastes. That chef really knows what he's doing back there! They also have a lovely outside area where you have a view of the boats and river. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia and you will certainly enjoy it!This place was so overpriced .My girlfriend and I were treated like polar bears placed seating in the back were it was 10 degrees so bad my poor girlfriend had to wear her jacket at dinner. The bread was hard as a rock . My chicken Parmesan was chew and didn't even have homemade sauce on it . My girl friends  food was over done steak and  seafood . Never felt so uncomfortable eating especially  in Valentine Day . I'm
Disgusted felt like I was eating in a fridge.The waiter didn't even know what A 1 sauce was .Delicious food!  Great service... Salads very fresh.  Grilled calamari so flavorful with capers, garlic and olive oil...Entrees were very good.  Veal Marsala best ever and Spaghetti Carbonara delicious!  We sat at a table by the water and enjoyed watching the boats along the river.  We certainly recommend La Veranda to others.  Casual dress or get fancy - your choice!  Ask for Salvatore.La veranda really is very good. My family has been going there for years and I never really appreciated how good it is. Lagostinos, Pasta, Steak. Had the best steak I ever had at La Veranda.We (boyfriend & I) decided on a Sat night dinner at La Veranda.  My boyfriend ordered a steak and asked to see it before it was cooked.  I should mention he is in the food business for 40 years and is also a butcher. He asked them to trim off parts of the meat.   I ordered the grilled seafood dish.  We started off with salads, which were ok.
When our entrees came the steak had not been trimmed nor was it cooked properly, as it was cold.  My entree was also cold.  The waiter took them back  & when they returned, all that was done was that they were thrown under the broiler ( left charcoal marks on the tablecloth). The meat was still not done properly and the tuna on my seafood plate was now like rubber.  
The waiter asked if we wanted something else.  I ordered just plain grilled salmon and my boyfriend ordered a filet.   Needless to say, my salmon was raw on the inside and his steak was just ok.
We were given apologies as we left.  Not that we were looking for anything, but they could have at least offered us a drink.  For what we paid for the meal, it was a disgrace to serve food like that.  
I assume that the restaurant has become a tourist trap and they can get away with this kind of food. 
The waiter was very nice. No reflection on his service.
Will never go back.Along the water in the City of Brotherly Love is a beautiful, friendly seafood Italian restaurant.  I had the minestrone, and linguini pescatore.  I perhaps enjoy the atmosphere here more than the food.  I definitely need to try some other dishes here.  I need to try some other dishes here.  The first run was enjoyable, but not very memorable.  I look forward to returning though.I'm Italian, I thought I made the best meatballs, thought my grandmother made the best red sauce.  
These guys are a close second on both 
Ima pretty picky eater, pickier reviewer.
Go-try the meatballsExcellent Italian meal! Friendly, attentive staff, and a great view from the patio! We would definitely visit again!!!Delicious food, attentive and friendly staff and an impressive wine list.
I have not been to other Italian restaurants in Philly, so can't compare, but was happy with my service and meal.La Veranda has a new chef and everyone should run, not walk, to dine here before the word gets out and it becomes impossible to get a table. From the first course to the last, I enjoyed every bite.  I cannot wait to go back and try more items on the menu.  The chef is an absolute genius, the location is perfect and the servers were very attentive.  I would say it was a perfect dining experience.The issue here is that on busy nights -- admittedly the case on New Year's Eve when we visited -- they may seat you in their catering rooms (two co-joined rooms). These rooms do not have the same atmosphere as the main restaurant in any way, shape, or form. Medium-quality catering hall ambiance rather than the nice atmosphere of the main room. No carpet for sound deadening. Bright lighting. And on freezing cold nights -- the heat isn't sufficient, especially by the leaky old windows. Tables and chairs are catering level as well. Folding tables, stack-able metal chairs. If they lead you to a table in these back rooms -- REFUSE TO BE SEATED because once you are, they will make it nearly impossible to be re-seated in the main room. "Twenty minute wait" etc. Normally, I would NOT simply post this bad rating since it was NY Eve and very busy and reservations were only made a few days in advance. However, I gave the management several opportunities to do anything to "make things right" and they refused. I explained that dining out has many facets: Food quality, service quality, atmosphere being the main ones. I was charged the same price but certainly did not receive the atmosphere. Those back rooms should be redecorated to the same level of ambiance as the main room if they are going to use them like this (and the heat / windows fixed). The manager just ignored this when I mentioned it, and deflected to ask how the food was. I didn't say this because it was irrelevant to the seating issue, but the food was very good, not up to the high level of the cost and ambiance of the main restaurant. Again, possibly due to NY Eve. Mellon wrapped in prosciutto looked like a badly, hastily made cigar, and certainly takes no real kitchen skills. Could make at home in seconds. Two out of the three pastas in the 2nd course were from a box. The gnocchi, I will say, was excellent. Light and fluffy like little pillows; not heavy or gummy at all. Service was poor, but again probably due to NY Eve. Our server was from one of their other locations (diners) and didn't know the wine or food menu (which was a fixed menu that night) very well. He was very nice and helpful, but his management had his hands tied when it came to the seating. So this review is about the management and their service (lack thereof) mostly.Dinner was excellent! Our party of 4 had Veal, Chicken, Seafood and dessert.  Everyone enjoyed the freshness of the meal and the presentation!  
We will be back!Had great service.
Grilled calamari was super tasty.  Also, bruschettas and anything grilled here is really awesome.  Branzino I had was salt packed and prepared tableside and was super delicious.Just went here for my sisters graduation. Everything was stellar. The waiters even kept my rambunctious little cousin in check. They gave him bread to feed to the saltwater catfish on the docks outside.  The food here was beyond awesome. They truly went to town on the appetizers. We started off with bruschetta, and also bread with olive oil to dip. Then they brought out some tasty calamari, or squid rings as I like to refer to them as. After that prosciutto wrapped cantaloupes----Let me tell you this shit was good as hell. I had like 2 or 3 of these mothers. If you can still believe it they still brought out more trays of stuff. All kinds of baked vegetables, peppers, onions, and stuffed tomatoes. Although nothing topped the wrapped cantaloupes let me tell you. Finally was the main entree. I got the Swordfish which was probably about one of the best swordfish I have ever consumed. Me and my dad did a little switch off, and I tried a piece of my dads filet minon which was tender and tasty. I would definitely come back to this establishment. The servers were very helpful and gave excellent service. This place earned all five stars without a doubt.This place is very nice and has a great view of the Ben franklin bridge. We got there around 6:30-7 and it got busy around 8. For starters, we had the Caesar salad, which was ok and for dinner we had the veal & asparagus and chicken & eggplant. My fiancé was not a fan of the veal. It was overcooked, chewy and lacked flavor. I thought the chicken&eggplant was pretty good, each came with a potato and side veggies. For desert, we had the canolis which were awesome. All in all, this place is okay. It seemed as though the restaurant was understaffed as the dinner rush came in and took forever for us to get the check.This was my first visit to La Veranda, although I have passed by the establishment often. To start off with I decided to valet park; the attendant was quick and friendly and most accommodating. From the moment we entered the front doors we were greeted and made to feel at home from the . maître d to the waiter it was top notch service all the way. To begin with my wife ordered the cream of Asparagus soup and I ordered the crab-meat stuffed mushrooms and both were very tasty. For the entree I ordered the T-Bone steak which they cut fresh to order and served with green beans and roasted potatoes. The steak was very big and thick and juicy and tasty. This was my first visit but it will not be my lastHad a wonderful lunch here today, everything was outstanding!  Service, parking, food and especially the Manager Luis who helped me assist a friend that was meeting me there who got lost.  Luis spoke to him on my phone and it all worked well.  The desserts are also great!We found La Veranda on Yelp on a lark when my in-laws were visiting. Valet parking there is only $10 which is cheaper than the $17 parking lot next to the restaurant. We had a lovely table with a view of the water and the fireworks going off in Camden later on in the evening. 
All of the food we had was excellent. The chef was very accommodating to my lactose intolerance, and the waiter was very helpful. Our cocktails were delicious and they have a great selection of Italian wine. Definitely on the pricier end, $25-30 a person for dinner not including an appetizer, dessert or drinks. 
The service was a little slow, but it was our waiter's 3rd day on the job. Still giving 5 stars for an excellent meal.LOVE La Veranda!
We've eaten here several times with family and on dates and have yet to have a bad experience. I noticed there was some confusion below from patrons about the dress code. It's a NICE RESTAURANT...so you won't really fit in if you're wearing jeans and a t-shirt or just roll in from Dave & Busters. When we go for an eveing dinner my fiance wears a suite and I wear a skirt or dress. Buisness casual means something different to a lot of  people, but you can wear something like khakis and a sports jacket and be dressed appropriately for the restaurant. 
In terms of food, everything I've had here has been fantastic! Some dishes I've had are NY Strip, Lamb Chop, Vodka Penne, Chicken Parm, Veal Parm, and Eggplant Rollitini. For dessert they give you a large chilled fruit bowl that is delicious. 
The water views are very pretty with a bunch of boats docked outside. The restaurant is located on Penn's Landing and offers valet parking, which is very welcome when dealing with parking in Philly! The restaurant was recently completely remodeled, although I have no clue why since it was beautiful before, but it looks just as sensational now. 
Interesting Tid Bit:
Films are often shot at this restaurant because of its location, views and style of decor! We were actually in an independent film that was shot here about 4 years ago and had to sign-off on waivers while eating there sicne we were in the scene. No need to fret if you don't want to be filmed. They will always be sure that they have ample seating in other areas not being filmed in.I loved the restaurant and the food was amazing!!!
The view incredible and the ambience great, the waiter was so personal, love, love this restaurant.The scenery is beautiful. It is right on the water!It is definitely high end dinning. The food was okay. I ordered the steak and lobster. The steak was a bit dry.Having dessert after my fabulous dinner! The staff is amazing. The chef came onto our patio to pick fresh herbs for the entrees  he was preparing. The new manager Louis is a perfectionist! Wholeheartedly recommend La Veranda!We both ordered from the specials, filet and lobster, started with a nice white Italian wine and asparagus soup. Neither of us could finish our food...it was good and cooked as ordered. Took cannoli with us and later that night. It didn't get soggy and the chocolate was not overpowering. I would definitely eat here again.Firstly: I called ahead and was told the dress code is casual - so my girlfriend and her family and I head on over after a day at Dave and Buster's.  
The waiter was in a TUXEDO.  Most of the patrons were dressed to the 9s.  The waiter said that this is their standard dress (it was not a special event night or something).  Anyway...he was amiable enough.  
He told us that they are known for their grilled items.  So that's what we got, or at least mostly all of us.  I ended up getting a turbot special.
The grilled lamb was fantastic.  The pork was good, if too heavily rubbed with garlic (and I LOVE garlic).  The other dishes were similar...quality meat grilled well.  My fish was awful.  Bland, overcooked, and expensive.
The wine list was average.  Lots of brunellos and barolos from large producers.  We went with a 01 Il Pogglio Brunello.  
The "famous" water views are limited and obstructed by patrons/tables/decor.  
I'd say I'd probably not return.  The prices were high, the food on a whole was just average, and the service was tuxedo-clad.  Eesh.While the host at this restaurant was very, very nice, I did not like the food or the view. I had the chicken in a wine sauce, and there was something off about it. It did not taste good at all. My boyfriend had the veal parm and he LOVED it, so I can't in any way say all the food there is bad. The bruschetta was very good. 
When I made the reservation I asked if we could sit at a table with a good view. I expected a view like what I had experienced at another pier at penn's landing at a hibachi restaurant (which was an AMAZING view of the ben franklin bridge), but this view was mostly of boats and the restaurant is too close to the water to get a good view of the bridge. I was disappointed.Food is excellent. Service is great. The ambiance is very soothing not to mention the water and the boating deck. Awesome!!!!! 
Highly recommend would definitely come again.We dined here on Saturday night and were sooo happy we did!  A very warm welcome and an excellent evening all around!  We had seafood, lamb and pasta at our table and all enjoyed very much!   A lovely white wine too!  I will surely return and soon!Oh where oh where did my "La Veranda" go?  I recently took my , yep, BFF for his birthday.  My ex and I use to go here with my champagne taste and beer pockets, quite frequently. The menu was SO diverse , like... reading chapters in a book! For some, that could be overwhelming, for others who had the "picky" appetite or enjoyed trying exciting new things? This was the place to go! The ambiance was and IS still so elegant and old fashion. The outside seating is peaceful and stunning on the water, with the Ben Franklin Bridge, a dock and boats. I have never had a problem with service. 
     He is SUCH the impossible person to take somewhere to eat. He is a single male whom practically lives at a restaurant or bar otherwise , he would euthanize ! It was a beautiful, breathtaking day and he wanted to drive to east bumble "F" for seafood! I put my 4'11 foot down and said, " I have the PERFECT place to go! The menu is exquisite! They have reasonably priced food, outside seating, service is top notch! He agreed! It was a Saturday night and after arriving, the place was desolate! and, so was the service, the menu and the liveliness!  He was very impressed with how beautiful the place was. It still is! It could probably use updating,but, that is one of the reasons I enjoy this establishment. We were seated outside as we requested . He enjoys Morgans Pier. The layout of the outside here is more private and quite. The lightening and decor was tasteful. The waiter presented the menu and I asked if this was the "specials " menu? He replied, "no." I was EXTREMELY disappointed and the selection was average. This place is a la carte. We ordered our drinks, a salad to split and we both ordered an entree and shared it. The presentation was still artistic and the food was still tasty. Our drinks were empty for awhile. The runner that presented our food, did not understand English. I had requested another round of drinks. I had to leave the table and proceed to the bar. The bartender stated, he would send our waiter over. Ok... well , in the meantime , I waited long enough for a damn drink and now, can you please just make me a drink? I was frustrated! I guess green and cash are different to each person as I had my money out trying to get service. I went back to the table empty handed as my friend looked at me. I apologized for lack there of service we did not receive. The waiter finally returned after we were finished eating. At this point, my friend just wanted to leave and did not want another drink. Not even to sit and relax. He requested that we go somewhere else.  I feel like I failed. As he went to do his normal, restroom break, I had to run through the restaurant to request a piece of cake for his birthday. I ended up..... at the bar... again.... I found myself hiding behind a statute TRYING to be discrete in having a dessert brought out. He returned to the table before me and the waiter came over and asked, what I needed? I had to  "hand"my friend, as apparently there was improper communication between the bartender and waiter.  I said, I'd like ... this dessert with a candle because it HIS    birthday  and, this is what we came for! He doesn't like a fuss and he saw my disgust.  The cake came out no sooner than the check. No one apologized for the inconveniences or offered a drink. Besides being a beautiful place that can decorate a plate, the " la veranda" is "la desolato!"The food was ok. SImple things could make this place outstanding such as improving the presentation of the food, better quality in preparation,and home made desserts that are not so HUGE. The sides of green beans and potatoes were unattractive and our server was a bit un welcoming. The wine list by the glass was very limited.Lovely venue,water and marina views,wonderful service including valet parking, the food was well prepared,the best calamari,largest cowboy steak ever,please do not miss the creme brûlée, this a special placeWe came here for a family outing on the suggestion of a friend. Some friend! The restaurant disappointed on almost all counts. We started off on a good note by finding metered parking a few feet away (on Valentine's Day, no less). 
Once we walked inside, we were quickly seated at a table far away from the famed water views. I was not impressed anyway, since the only way you would get to see any water would be by activating X-ray vision, since the views are almost completely obscured by running waitstaff and the few 2-people tables that are located right next to the windows. We had a lovely view of Columbus Boulevard. 
Once we were seated, however, we waited nearly 15 minutes before a waiter dashed by and asked us if we wanted water. Another 10 minutes passed before we received said water. Another 10 minutes passed and we had no bread, no waiter, and no orders. Finally we had to flag down a busboy to ask him to locate our waiter, who ran up a few minutes later and acted terribly put out that we dared to want to place our order. So sorry you're busy, but aren't we still the customers? 
We were rushed through our meal choices, and then our waiter dashed off again. If I didn't know better, I'd have thought there was a competition between the waitstaff to see who could run through the restaurant the fastest. Our bottle of wine took a long time a'coming... which gave me plenty of time to check out the prostitute and her john who were seated behind us-- him an older man, conservatively dressed, her a young girl in a red sequin top, black mini, and bright red tights with hooker boots. Nice! 
The food finally arrived, and we dug in with eager anticipation. Unfortunately, it was all sort of... "eh". Nothing fantastic. Not worth the wait. Not worth the aggravation, and definitely NOT worth the money. The food is average, the decor is outdated and faded, the service is awful, and the dishes are much too overpriced. Don't go here! And if you must, STAY AWAY from Pierrot the waiter!!!!!The prefixe menu for mothers day was nice a buffet style dining experience, but when we were near our meals end we had leave abruptly due to a disturbance in the force. Some older guy sat next to our table who wreaked of body odor by the time I came back out of the restroom to finish my meal my fiancée was out the door and her and ! left the premises a party of three. The manager told me he would send me a gift voucher for the inconvinience but never didPosting for my Dad.  He took my Mom for her birthday last night.  (By way of background, they go out all the time and owned their own restaurant for 20 years, so they know the food business.)  Food was terrible and service was even worse.
The meal started with a gnocchi which was excellent, but everything after that went drastically downhill.  
For entrees he ordered lobster tail and it was pile of mush which had obviously been re-heated several times.  It was suposed to be accompanyied by a blush sauce with langoustino; it was just just jumbo lump crab!  Describe your dishes properly!  My Mom had the rack of lamb and it was WAY over cooked.  The waiter was extremely inattentive, not refilling their wine glasses and neglecting to bring two cups when they ordered coffee at the end of the meal. For a $200 meal, this was was absurd. 
They will not return and I will definitely not be trying this place!I've been here for drinks and dinner over a dozen times, and it's always an enjoyable experience. Usually eat at the bar, where Gene (one of the best bartenders in town!) always takes excellent care of us. Beautiful view of the river and a lovely kindly lit dining room. The seafood appetizers are always delish, and I have a special weakness for the mushroom stuffed ravioli in filet mignon meat sauce. Michelle, the manager/hostess, is always friendly, and is most accommodating with walk-ins and last minute reservations.This place was able to serve 5 more meals since they were in the right place at the right time.  Our service should have been good since there were only 3 groups dining on a Tuesday evening.  Our waiter, shockingly resembled Lurch, was very attentive and helpful.  Everyone's food was average.  Was a little high priced for the food and experience.Very disappointed with our dinner and inexperienced staff. Had my birthday dinner here last night and had a great time in spite of the high prices average food and inexperienced staff. We dined her as a group 6 years ago and loved it!!  What is going on???  Our waiter was so nice but had no idea what he was doing. I actually felt sorry for him. Orders were mixed up and food brought out at random intervals. It was just a mess. The experienced wait staff must have left. For $209 for 2 people it was totally not worth it!  Unfortunately won't be back again.I was one of a party of six who arrived at La Veranda last saturday evening for an 8pm reservation. We were told that it would be a few minutes and my college roommate and I figured we'd take a quick stroll around the area-i'd not been in Philly for a while and the surroundings were impressive-looking through the front window at the great looking food ready for the wood fire, we were pumped for the La Veranda experience. Sadly, as it turned out, this was as close as we would actually get to the food.
We were soon seated (8:15), great table in the middle of all the other diners, and apparently zippy and capable staff moving effortlessly throughout the area. Now granted we don't necessarily look like we party with the Kardashians (probably more like Buddy Ebsen) but its fair to say that we present like we can pay the bill. But after 45 minutes from first in the door, we have yet to make any contact with a waiter-we, of course, have employed aggressive waving and implored the hostess on our behalf. Meanwhile we have had menus from the get go which are by now memorized and I'm imagining that we are in some sort of Candid Camera episode, and as soon as one of our party starts brandishing a fork menacingly, either a duck will come down with a smiley face note indicating we have been good sports or an Allen Funt look-alike will announce himself, and, for being patient (barely)and accepting of the joke, we will be immediately the beneficiaries of a Thanksgiving style banquet. 
But no duck bearing glad tidings, no jovial Funt--but a waiter finally appears and takes a wine order (I attempt to get him to consider a dinner order at the same time, but he'll have none of that)-he re-appears shortly thereafter with the white, but not the red--and half an hour later-and more entreaties to get help-no wine is forthcoming and we can't find anyone to engage-we reach a unanimous decision to seek our fortune elsewhere. Upon leaving, the very pleasant hostess appears sympathetic. We then go out and wait for our cars-which seem to be parked in Middle earth--and I'm thinking the manager is at least going to come out, present a canned apology, and a plea that we'll give the place another chance (after all, mistakes happen in business all the time)--but Zilch!!
On my way home the next day, I stopped at a McDonalds on the NJTP, it was crowded and people were milling all around , but I stood in line for a couple of minutes, got a pleasant good morning, placed my order, got my order and a thank-you--and on my way--lest anyone think i'm comparing La Veranda to McDonalds, i'm not--its not in McDonalds league 
ed sWe went to dinner at La Veranda about a month ago on a Saturday night in August. We were greeted by a very nice hostess and then we decided to have a drink at the very empty bar. The bartender was very nice and gracious for our patronage. So, it started off well but we were skeptical. When we went into the dinning room we noticed it was EMPTY. The strange part was that despite the fact it was empty they couldn't seat us next to a window? Instead they sat us next to another couple facing Delaware avenue. We immediately asked for a different table. After moving tables and getting settled someone walked over and asked, "You ready?" . I mistakenly assumed someone would ask how we were, or have we been to La Veranda before, or perhaps, would you like a glass of wine or a cocktail this evening?, or would you like to hear the specials our chef has prepared? Needless to say, I was not impressed with the waiters rude behavior. iI guess we were keeping him for something else. The food was so so..Not very good yet not bad. SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE DON'T GO!We went here because it was close to our hotel and was recommended by another guest.  It was pricey and just ok.  Staff was nice and helpful.  We did have a water view.  But I've had better Italian food for half the price.A wonderful experience. The food was delicious and the politeness of the staff alone would have brought us back again. The view of the water isn't great, but I'd rather eat a great meal and have fantastic service than waste a date looking out the window, anyway.What a wonderful experience!!!  This is my new "go to" restaurant when I want really delicious Italian food.  After having several disappointing meals at restaurants of late it was so nice to once again enjoy excellent food prepared by people who know and care about what they are doing.
I don't mind paying if I'm going to get great food and professional service.  What I don't want to do is pay top dollar and have to apologize to my guests for soso food or poor service. 
Looking forward to enjoying many more meals at this lovely restaurant.It wasn't our first time. 
We have gone to Veranda for Valentine's Day, Date Night, Special occasions, and we have had two to thirty people in our party. I can't think of one time where we were even mildly disappointed.
The food is great, the staff on point, the ambiance lovely, the bar is very good and we get to see the water...great view.
Valet parking...no hassle and away from hectic center city.
Thank you La Veranda for yet another great evening!!!!!I came to La Veranda last week for my friend's wedding rehearsal dinner and loved it! I've never been to a rehearsal dinner quite like this one... if there are any brides out there I would recommend it! 
The dinner started with a cocktail hour with delicious appetizers. They had meats, cheese, crab, and amazing bruschetta. After cocktail hour, we were seated and chose from a small menu. I was expecting that to be the only meal served, but I was proved wrong by the amazing wait staff. The meal started with a caprese salad, followed by shrimp bisque, tortellini with meat sauce, a pallate cleanser, and finally the main course. All of the courses were amazing! I ordered the salmon for main dish, which was just ok, did not compare to other's. The steak, lobster, and veal chop were all amazing! For dessert, there was some kind of pudding type pie which was also good! 
Since I do not live in the Philadelphia area, I probably won't make another trip here. But I loved it for this special occasion!Bruschetta was good. Caesar salad average.  Feeling of disgust from mixed seafood. Two very dry whitefish then salmon soaked in salt. Half the side vegetables were good but mainly used butter and salt to cover for inconsistent cooking.  No wine list for by the glass so it was a shot in the dark and I lost with a Cabernet. I would pour it out at home and could not finish it.     
I suggest you get Italian wine and pasta and avoid the fish. If the food seems old or unpleasant, save yourself the after effects and don't eat it. I really hate that I ate here.
The service was professional but seemed insincere. Recommendations made me feel like a dumpster for junk they had to get rid of.We went for lunch recently.  The location is good and there's a nice view of the water.   We had the cheese plate appetizer which had really good cheeses (I would have preferred a better cracker instead of the four Ritz crackers that were served).  Three of us ordered the chicken parm.  This was just OK.  Was a little nervous when a steak knife was brought out to cut the chicken.  The chicken wasn't tough, but wasn't the most tender. The presentation wasn't the most appetizing either.  If you want good Italian food, stick to the South Phillly smaller establishments.  I would not return as the food was worth the price.They did it again!
Well...we went on Christmas Eve this year 2018.
Gretchen and I took the "kids", her daughter, fiancee, and grandson.
We decided the diet started in January, so we went for it.
From the antipasto, to the entrees to the desert, it was once again, over the top!
This remains one of our favorite places. It never disappoints!
The food is fantastic and the service European!La Veranda did a wonderful job for my birthday party. This restaurant has been one of my favorite go-tos in Philadelphia for quite some time. The service was amazing. The food was delicious and the manager, Luis and his high quality staff made my friends and I feel so welcomed. I would highly recommend this place for dinner and events. Can't go wrong with La Veranda.The restaurant atmosphere is a little antiquated, but the servers are very attentive. For the table, we ordered the cold octopus salad, bruschetta and tomatoes and prociutto wrapped cantoloupe. It was followed by a pasta course and I had an entree of grilled salmon with spinach and mushrooms for an entree and a sampler desert. The food was just ok. None of the courses were particularly memorable, but the prices high certainly were.What a great Italian restaurant on the river. Great food modest prices bartender is awesome. Nice view. Service is A+My husband and I were in Philadelphia for the #ISTE19 Conference and went on a quest for a good restaurant without a big price tag and we loved Ristorante La Veranda. The breadsticks were hot and yummy, our server was attentive and prompt. I had Pasta Primavera which I loved and my husband had Fettucine Pestadora (sp?) and both were superb. We loved the calamari which was nice and tender. The sauces were flavorful and light. We also enjoyed a cheese plate for our appetizer and creme brulee' for dessert. Restrooms were clean. The river view was beautiful. Our total was $66 for all of it! I heartily recommend this restaurant!I'm not the type of person that complains at restaurants but this was the worst dining experience I've ever had. My fiancé ordered the filet and mushroom ravioli, which had several large pieces of bone in it. We informed the waiter and he brought out the chef, who appeared offended that we were surprised there was bone in it. He said it was a meat sauce so that's why there were bones in it. We were shocked because it could have choked anyone and meat sauce should not have bones in it obviously. 
The restaurant was empty and it felt awkward - just one other table and a few people at the bar. The server was a little overbearing. They took off the one meal but it didn't do justice.  We were celebrating our anniversary and it was truly a disappointing dining experience. :(Wow!  Gorgeous view, super friendly staff, excellent food and a wonderful setting.  We had a fantastic Caesar Salad - my wife asked and the chef prepared eggplant parmigiana and I had chicken parmigiana - both were excellent.  It was fun as the chef came out and gathered fresh herbs to prepare our dishes.  We loved it!My husband and I booked this restaurant for a romantic, waterside Valentine's Day dinner via opentable. When we arrived at 5:20, the host spent 15 seconds trying to find our reservation, indicated he couldn't, but took us to a table in a back room. The room was noticeably colder than the main dining room, and when we remarked on it to the woman (we later found out she was the manager) she said they were working on it and would be seating a large party in a few minutes which would warm up the room.
20 minutes later, after moving tables to avoid a draft, another couple joined us in the room. The manager came around asking how it was going - the new couple asked to be moved and were told there were no tables, and that a group of 20 was arriving to be seated with us in 10minutes. She asked us as well, and I told her I overheard and we were looking forward to a warmer room shortly. At this point the sun had set and with temperatures dropping rapidly outside, it was probably 60 degrees in the room. 
At about 7:00, a third couple was seated with us. They were promptly moved after requesting a warmer table!! The other couple and I expressed our dissatisfaction at this, and we were told the large table wasn't due in for an HOUR yet! We told the gentleman this was unacceptable and the manager had lied to appease us - at this point we were warming fingers over a dinner candle, and I could barely feel my toes. The temperature had dropped by at least another 5 degrees. 
Before dessert I requested our jackets because it was unbearable and we asked to speak with the manager. She never came around. The Gentleman who did come by to listen said the other table was given a break on their check and he would ask the manager to do the same to ours - because the thermostat was having a hard time keeping up with the draft from the windows. We were told she refused but 'offered us a drink from the bar on the house'. When we left, it took another 30 minutes to go through the talk to the manager process, the large table was beginning to arrive. At this time we were told the thermostat in that room was, in fact, broken. 
This may be a great place 'normally' but I was told they use this room on special occasions and they were touring for a special event while we were there. The waiters in the room with us, and even the gentleman trying to help were attentive, polite, and extremely apologetic, on management's behalf, but management should have owned up to the problem. $250 was unacceptable for this experience.At best the meal was ok. Blah bread on table before we were seated. My Calamari arrived with a piece of trash on the plate. Second try arrived barely warm and had no flavor and was chewy. At this point my displeasure was multiplied by the arrogant and very loud waiter who did nothing to make the situation better. The soup was lukewarm at best and the portions varied from my 1/4 cup to the very full cup served to my right. The lobster ravioli was delightful. My Gnocchi with a tenderloin ragout sauce was awful. I ate 1/4 of it and it was so disappointing. The rack of lamb and veal chop were both terrific so I had apparently ordered the wrong thing...Jon Carlos was a terrible representative of the restaurant. He was loud, crass, extremely slow, and because it was a large party he was guaranteed his 20% and did nothing to earn it. To top it all off he added the tip after tax...lining his pocket with another 2%! When he was challenged on that he showed no respect to the paying customer, raising his voice and was down right rude. Absolutely horrible experience because of the waiter!Great place! Bar is small but good service. Atmosphere is very good. Service and food was exceptional. A must when in Penns Landing area.My family, parents and in-laws went here today for Christmas Eve lunch. It was beautifully decorated for the season and we were a bit surprised and worried at how empty it was. But fear not - the food and service were exceptional. It was truly a fun and delicious meal and all 9 of us loved all of our food - from the pasta to the veal to the Branzino. Everyone was pleased. A special thank you to our server Chantelle!Slow and understaffed. 
The bread is not good.
Wine menu is lackluster...
Terrible terrible service. 
Good luck.
Update:   The food finally came out and was  3/4 great. One meal had been under the heat lamp far too long...