Tremendous service (Big shout out to Douglas) that complemented the delicious food. Pretty expensive establishment (40-50$ avg for your main course), but its definitely backs that up with an atmosphere that's comparable with any of the top tier restaurants across the country.This place is good. For the lofty prices the proportions were very small. However the drinks were cheap and the service was very good. The piano is a nice touch as well. 
The cheesecake is incredible, just get it and don't look back.A very upscale and respected chain, with a short list of cities to allure with their prime cuts of meat and their fresh seafood. Philly is lucky to be one of those three cities! 
The bar melds perfectly inside the restaurant and does not make you feel like it is the "bar" area. Tables fill this room for dining or having a cocktail. One step up and to the side is an elevated floor, where we sat.  Beyond the "bar" area that you walk into, is a more secluded dining area, but we were center stage and had a great view of it all. 
Hubby and I ordered and shared three appetizers. We loved them all, but I was partial to the escargot and the oysters Rockefeller and he to the clams casino, so I did not mind letting him finish the clams while I devoured the other two appetzers. We did skip salads, but hubby enjoyed the wonderful lobster bisque, of which I found exceptionally good, with my one snitched spoonfull. 
My husband had the Prime Rib, what else? I love filet mignon and they have in house made bearnaise sauce, so I stuck with what I love best and it was a huge, juicy and tender portion, very good indeed. 
The restaurant has a lot of class and prices are what you would expect. 
What I loved most about the service, for such an upscale establishment, the wait staff was not at all uptight. The waiters were professional, but with charisma and humor and knew how and when to have conversation. 
Bottom line, I would go back in a heartbeat!
Wheelchair accessible with ramp through main entrance into the lobby of the hotel and entrance right in through their door.been to nearly all the high-end steak houses in Philly, this might just be my favorite.  Right up there with Barclay Prime, though two totally different joints.  This is your classic old school place.  Waiter we had was amazing, and that never hurts your experience.  Everything we ate was great - apps, sides, meats, desserts.
100% I recommend getting the prime rib.  We got a steak and a prime rib and split the two.  they didn't name the place 'the prime rib' for no reason, right?  Probably the best prime rib I've ever had, was way better than their filet, makes it a unique experience from the other steak joints in town.The name says it all. Best Prime Rib in town. Service is excellent as well. On my 4 day trip to Philly I went twice.Simply the best Prime Rib in Philadelphia. They offer 2 sizes, an aprox. 16oz cut and a huge 36oz+ bone-in cut. Go for the bone-in, it is excellent! Tasty and tender.
We also had oysters and cherrystone clams on the half shell to start. They were fresh and perfectly shucked. 
Wine list is "OK". Typical steakhouse mark up but nice to see they also offer an "under $50" list of wines (of course very mediocre wines under $50)
Service is a "B" only because it took a long time for the waiter to give us the menu and later on took a while to bring us fresh horseradish. But very nice and friendly.
Again, if you are in Philly and would like a proper Prime Rib, go here!I have to say it was....mediocre. really nothing more. 
Yes, the live music was enjoyable but thats really the best I can give it.
The food was....food. nothing really special in my opinion. My boyfriend had the filet mignon and didn't really even finish it. he also tried the potatoes au gratin and said it tasted almost as though they used easy-mac cheese on them. 
I had the vegetable platter and thats all it was. I have experienced amazing vegetable sides at other restaurants, but this entree was nothing to write home about.
As for desserts he had the cheesecake, which was fine, not amazing but nothing bad to say about it either. I had the strawberries and once again, thats all it was. Don't expext them to come out plated amazingly or even with whipped cream, they're only sliced strawberries.
Honestly, for the money I don't think it was worth it. I can think of many other places in the city, some of which are much cheaper, that are much more worth your time.This was my second time dining at The Prime Rib, and as before, everything was perfect. It has now been cemented as my go-to place for an occasion dinner. We arrived early, and sat at the bar just in time for the happy hour special. The bartender was a bit slow to take our order, but it was unexpectedly crowded for a Tuesday night, so that was excusable. We brought our own bottle of wine (which you can do, albeit at the expense of a $25 corking fee, though they do not advertise this), which we left with the hostess when we came in. When it came time for our reservation, our bottle of wine was already waiting at our table, on a small silver tray. I was quite impressed.
The Prime Rib exudes elegance in a way few places do nowadays. From the leopard print carpet to the black wood paneling to the lucite-lidded grand piano to the sharply suited waiters, you feel like you stepped back in time to an elegant restaurant in Midtown Manhattan in all the best ways. Our waiter, as expected, was impeccable. Even though he was also waiting on a large group nearby, our wine glasses were always full and our food was brought out with perfect timing.
As an appetizer, my boyfriend and I ordered the tuna tartare to split. When it came out, it was already split onto individual plates, which was a nice touch. The tuna was delicious, and there was certainly $19 worth of it between our two plates. For entrees, I ordered the veal porterhouse, and my boyfriend ordered the full cut of the prime rib. I am a tremendous fan of veal, though I had never had it as a porterhouse steak before, and I was not disappointed. Deliciously seasoned, generously cut, and perfectly tender, I would order it again in a heartbeat. The full cut of the prime rib was, to quote my boyfriend, "as big as [his] head". I didn't even know one could have a cut of meat so gigantic. He said it was delicious, and after trying a bit, I agreed with him. He didn't finish it, and I imagine most people wouldn't be able to. We got potatoes au gratin on the side, and they were good, but they're just potatoes au gratin, nothing to write home about. For dessert, I got a slice of key lime pie, which was solidly good, as expected.
Was it expensive? Sure it was. Was it overpriced? I would say no. The quality of the food, the service, and the atmosphere to me was well worth the price. We will certainly be back.My friend and I were in Phila for the night. I found The Prime Rib on my gps. Wow this place was sophisticated , yet not pretentious.  Classy and refined yet relaxed.  It has a very New York feel to it. The Host was a gem . Brilliant personality in such a young man . Our waiter was Logan, a 19yr old college student who knows more about food and wine than anyone ive ever met. Ask for him for a truly wonderful dining experience.  Now the food. Just OMG is all I can say . I had the Veal Chop. Rare. ..best damn veal chop ever. My friend had the bone in prime rib...The best she ever had without a doubt.  We both agreed this was in our top 5 meals of our life....worth EVERY penny.If I could give this place negative 5 stars I would. Absolutely the worst steakhouse in Philadelphia. My medium rare steak came out wrong 3 times, and when I asked for the manager he told me it was my fault. I would never come here again.Despite the fact it's part of a small chain, many locals consider this the best steakhouse in town. Located in the Warwick Hotel, it's certainly one of the most glamorous - leopard-print carpeting, black leather furniture, black-lacquer walls trimmed in gold, and nightly jazz piano and bass duets give it a very 1940s-supper-club ambiance, albeit one that's overlit. The menu is typical - a variety of steaks, chops, salmon, and - of course - prime rib, served in enormous portions along with the usual suspects of sides, like rich creamed spinach and excellent potato skins. If you have any room left, end your meal with fresh strawberries and cream over warm shortbread. The servers will pamper you like few do. Hoping to maintain a touch of class, they require jackets for men at night. If you forget yours, they'll loan you one, although why a man in a well-worn, ill-fitting blazer would look better than one without is beyond me.I have been here two years in a row for restaurant week and have loved it both times. This place is what I imagine an old boys club being like in the 1960s. Big chairs, Piano playing, and waiters in tuxedos. 
The restaurant week menu is a perfect sample of this place for a reasonable price. The prime rib is delicious, some of the best I've ever had. I look forward to restaurant week every year so I can come back.  A surprise was that their chocolate mousse was outstanding.Great atmosphere as soon as you walk in, we were taken to our table very quickly. I will leave this brief because to be honest the food tasted fine, but I wasn't THAT impressed. PROS: the delicious French Onion soup. CONS: I guess my main concern was the itty bitty crab cakes I ordered. Paying the price that I did for that small of an order of crab cakes is RIDICULOUS. At the Chophouse in Charleston, for that price I received a crab cake the size of my face! Someone in the group ordered a filet that wasn't cooked to medium perfection. The sea bass my friend ordered looked pretty good, but I tasted his au gratin potatoes and they were  completely underwhelming. My friend also ordered the Chicken Piccata which tasted fine. Managed to snag a last minute reservation for SIX on a Saturday... and now I now why.  The ambiance is nice, and the food tasted okay, but I would not eat here again.Having been married in the Warwick 2 years ago, we thought how fitting it would be to celebrate the anniversary in the fancy restaurant in the same hotel. It was great that they had a price-fix menu (3 courses for $35), but the food was only okay. It was fah-reezing! so I ordered the tomato soup to start (despite the 90 degree weather outside), which was pretty good, and he seemed to enjoy his salad, although it was just tomatoes onions and lettuce on a plate. 
My fish was way too salty, and then had little flavor beyond that. His steak was good, but had to send it back to cook more as it came out half medium, half rare. The sides were better, but that's not what we're coming to a place like this for, and I ended up munching on mostly bread to make up for it. The deserts were good, chocolate mousse pie and raspberry sorbet, but somehow I doubt those were made in house.
And while our waiter was very good, we were also never offered a wine list. I may just not be cut out for fancy places like this that rest on reputation and an expensive cut of meat on a plate. Give me a neighborhood byob with fresh original ingredients anyday...I came here for a date thinking that this place would be classy and decent enough for that occasion. I was very disappointed first of all with our server who was rushing us and it was only 7:30 pm and the way he served our food he had no server etiquette at all! He just rushingly placed all our orders on the table like some dog food and the meat wasn't cooked the way we asked for which was medium rare. We couldn't find him and he was having attitude problems when we tried to ask for a medium rare steak politely  because we know it wasn't his fault . I really had high expectations for this place!  We still gave him an ok tip despite his service. So much for a goid dinner date but we ended up talking about the terrible service and food on the way home instead.My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online. First off, it is in a great location (Rittenhouse Square). It was very conscience that to hop on an elevator, walk a few feet, and end up here. Second of all, the restaurant seems to get some traffic for the bar as well (a plus, because you know it's a popular spot). We both ended up ordering the house salad, which was delicious for a salad (I'm not really a salad person). The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot. I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib (medium rare). My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it (corn and mashed potatoes). The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked. Additionally, our waiter George was phenomenal. We ended our meal with desserts. We left stuffed, and with leftovers! Would recommend to anyone in the area. Will come back again.I recently dined at the prime rib with a group of 16 to celebrate a birthday, during restaurant month. It was great. Although being split up in 2 tables everything was on point. Serine was good, food was great. $35 for prime rib, soup, mashed potatoes & green beans. Although the portions of the sides were small, when we asked they did bring out more. Dessert was great, I'm a big chocolate fan so I throughly enjoyed the chocolate mouse cake. While my fiancé went with the creme brûlée. Deff worth the trip, can't beat it for $35 all month long. Can't wait to go again in a few weeks.It's very expensive.  But it's worth it once in a while.  It's more of an 'expense account' kind of place - BUT - I LOVE it!!!  I come here for special occasions.  It's one of the few places where you can get that 'supper club' feel.  The food is OUTSTANDING.  The service is STELLAR.  So....I still manage to go there often without breaking the bank:  Sit at the BAR and ask for the BAR MENU!!!  And don't miss the potato skins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is a wonderful style steakhouse that also offers fantastic seafood my wife treated me to go here for my birthday I had a delicious prime rib and she really enjoyed her crab Imperial fantastic service very elegant atmosphere probably recommendI love this Place.....It always conjures memories of the Eagles song lyrics for Hotel California "Mirror's on the ceiling ; The Pink Champagne on Ice (I don't know why except Opulance) They may not have a progressive menu nor in any way do they dabble with molecular wizardry but they food is consistently great! You will never get a bad crab cake or Prime Rib.  The Shrimp cocktail and Oysters are always fresh and ice cold.  The Waiters and FOH are professional and always take ownership of any problems. The customer is always right (even when wrong)  I had a small birthday party there Sat with two kids an 8 and 6 and they were Amazing! The food and service never missed a beat. They got the kids food out quickly and paced the adults as well
It seemed like 4 or 5 courses at my request but in the end all smiles around. The soft-shell crabs are Whales now and well worthy he splurge, The desserts particularly the mudd pie and chic mousse cake are stellar.  The room is among the most elegant in Philly and even though the dress code is relaxed I feel comfortable in a sport coat 
on Saturday night but would go without one without hesitation  Even the owner thanked us for having our special occasion with them. A must visit and as my eight ]
year old told the waiter...the #1 Steakhouse in Philadelphia per US air Magazine and Zagat...hahaThe ambiance was lovely. So nice to be able to have a conversation in a restaurant. Having said this ---- Terrible service. We were sitting for 25 minutes before the waiter came to get drink orders. I had to ask the hostess to light a fire under him. Not that the young man wasn't nice. He just was poorly trained and slow. Looking around it seemed as if all the servers were away from the tables and out of the dining room most of the time. Back in the kitchen perhaps? Certainly not attending to our needs. At this price point I expect more and have gotten better service almost anywhere else in Philly. 
The food was just OK. My husband and I had the prime rib. I've had it elsewhere in Philly for a lot less and it's been comparable flavor wise. My friend had salmon which, again, was OK. The sides were OK. Nothing special. When it came time for coffee it was not presented with cream or sugar and when the sugar came, there was no teaspoon with which to stir it into the coffee. Don't know what the rave reviews are all about because we won't be back.I LOVE STEAK. thank you prime rib for reminding what a good steak tastes like, because you didn't serve it. 
a friend thought it would be nice to dine on a dime. we did the 3 course for $35. well, even after reserving our table, the server informed us "next time" please specify we are here for the $35 deal. why? are we getting a low budget cut of meat?? hmmm.
the old, out of date decor is a bit tacky. but, there clientele were mostly 50 years +, so i guess it fits.  i mean if your are going for a classy, elegant look, please dust your 9 foot vases with plastic flowers engorging them. and, while you're at it make your medium rare steak medium rare.I would agree with the review of it being old money and botox, romantic couples and everyday business men, a comfortable and fun mix. Food good, drinks good oveall good time. We were left alone to conduct our business and not rushed out the door. Pricey but, convienient so, I would return for certian occasions.The general manager is incredibly rude and disrespectful. The food was subpar and extremely overpriced. The servers are amazing and should be working somewhere they can truly be appreciated.I enjoy the old days of dressing for dinner and making an occasion out if it. This place has the look, the feel, it's quintessential atmosphere and ambiance emit the epitome of class. Service, unquestionable. Very professional, warmer, not stuffy. I had the lobster bisque, thicker than usual consistency, the most tender lobster I've had in soup, perfect flavor without being overbearing, very enjoyable. Two apps were shared, the jumbo shrimp cocktail and the clams casino, shrimp were large and very fresh. Casino was excellent, great mixture, again clams were unbelievably tender, even the nicest I've had have been even ever so slightly chewy or gritty, not here. I'm never satisfied with prime rib, even though their namesake, I'm not a big enough fan of prime rib to order it out anyhow. So I make the safe bet and get the filet. Hands down the best filet I've ever had. I cannot describe how tender, it melted in my mouth like butter, incredible, the temperature was exact. Béarnaise was so good i'd eat it alone but that wouldn't look good. I was also served the Au Poivre complimentary to sample. Ate 'em both. The sides of grilled asparagus and the au gratin were ok, a bit bland and boring. The better steak houses are known and expected to serve only the highest quality and perfect preparation, keeping seasoning to a minimum so the natural flavor of the food shines through. But the two elements of quality and preparation are a must and they have nailed it hands down. Aware of this I expect the sides to be basic and unimpressive, but naturally good. Creme brûlée for dessert was superb. Soup to nuts without alcohol, expect to drop at least $300 for two. IMO worth every penny just for the filet and to drink in the posh atmosphere. My kinda place.This was our third trip to the Prime Rib.  As on our two other dinners we were not let down on the quality of service.  Our meal was exceptional.   Our waiter Tony was very friendly and helped us with our meal selection and wine selection.  We visited the Prime Rib during their prime rib special.  The atmosphere is phenomenal.  It was well worth the trip.   We intend on dining here again.OK - So I was in Philly on a short vacation and decided to go here for a good steak. BOY, Was I happy with that decision.
I am a lover off all things beef - especially prime rib. So I decided that I had to order a prime rib, afterall, that is the restaurants namesake. 
The steak was HUUUUUUUUGE. Biggest prime rib I have ever encountered. Now, I know what your thinking.... "Sure, it was big, but was it cooked right and did it taste good?" YES. I resounding - YES.
The food was 100% excellent - worth every penny. 
Don't tell management but I would have paid more!
CONS:
Only 1 - decor. This place looked like it was right out of The Godfather. It was all decked out in black with gold highlights and mirrors. Was kind of funny actually. 
PROs:
Everything else. Seriously, if you want a great steak and are in or are anywhere near Philly - go here. Don't waste your time with anywhere else. 
I am seriously considering driving down (2.5 hours) just for dinner again.Best Prime rib!! Everything is amazing here. Love the decor too!! Will definitely come back again.Our favorite prime rib. The potato skins are to die for - served with their home made  fresh horseradish butter. Certain nights are half priced wine list nights!Over priced and full of old men who think they were Tony Soprano in their past lives. No Thanks.I thought the food was really good . I think the place ia a little stuffy though . The bartenders are wearing tuxedos and the waiter or table captain as they put it was wearing a suit . I have to say that our table captain who's name was Jimmy was not a very good waiter at all !!I saw 3 mice scurry accross the floor. Told my server and never got an apology and the manager never came over. Server was not friendly.Per usual, food was amazing...but what really made our experience was our waiter Antonio!  
Even with the relaxed dress-code (men are no longer required to wear a jacket), TPR borders on a pretentious - which could be b/c my fiance and I are usually about 40 years younger than the average crowd.  That said, Antonio was fabulous! Friendly, energetic, with great suggestions & attitude...what else could you ask for?
Onto the food - we started with the jumbo shrimp cocktail, delicious & seriously JUMBO.  I had the prime rib/medium rare...and even with the smaller cut, it was enormous (17oz!) but melt-in-your-mouth perfection.  My fiance had the NY strip-Pittsburgh/medium rare...a lil charred for my tastes, but he loved it.  Sides of grilled asparagus and green beans, perfect size for sharing.  And would highly recommend leaving enough room for the chocolate chip bread pudding - it was hands down the best bread pudding we've ever had!
On a more random note - while love the piano in the background, it does get a bit tired when they play "happy birthday" 4x in one sitting...but hope those patrons enjoyed their celebratory dinner nearly as much as we did!My wife and I came here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding we were in, and I must say we were very impressed. The decor and ambiance is something that you would see in Mad Men, with the private dining room that we were seated in being exceptionally posh. I was grateful for the groom's parents' willingness to pick up the tab, because Prime Rib is never a place that I would go to on my own. The food was excellent, and I highly recommend the restaurant's namesake. Although, I would warn that the king size is just that: certainly not for the faint of heart.We had Thanksgiving (2010) dinnner at The Prime Rib and were very pleased with the overall experience. We were seated at a small table against a large pillar in the center of the main dining room and several people bumped into the table while we were dining. The atmosphere is that of a 1940s supper club and the employees are well-groomed. The restaurant seems to attract mostly patrons over the age of 40, which is a welcome diversion from the usual. For starters, my sex partner ordered the grilled shrimp and I had the house salad. The shrimp was a bit tough and the salad was just lettuce and one tomato slice for $11. He ordered the turkey dinner and I had the vegetable plate. We were both extremely pleased with our entrees. The wine recommended by the server was a perfect accompaniment to dinner. We had to ask for more bread and during the dessert course, we weren't offered more coffee. The pumpkin pie was spectacular.Every so often, my family comes in from the other side of the state.  Being relatively pressed for cash, it's nice to have a great family dinner at a quality restaurant.  The first time they came we were looking for a great steakhouse.  The hotel recommended The Prime Rib, and I can say for a fact that they were right.  My food is always perfect and the atmosphere is great.  After the meal, I usually get a little sleepy, probably due to the dimness of the room, but, it's nothing I can't shake off.  I've only had problems with the service once before, there was a mix up with our reservation and they quickly solved the problem.  
If you're looking for a great steak in the Center City area.... Definitely check out The Prime Rib for a great, classy meal.We went to the Prime Rib Saturday with another couple who had driven down from Connecticut and we had flown in from Dallas. The Prime Rib is good and a throw back to a different era. It was solid and a leisurely paced meal. My wife and I split the signature prime rib which was good but didn't seem the greatest cut of meat. The wine list is a bit dumbed down but very reasonably priced. The service was very good and food was good. Fun night had by old friends from a bygone era. Wasn't the best but it was comfortable with a nice piano playing and good service.The service was pretty bad. 
The lamb rack here isn't very good. The loaded mash potato  is delicious and I shared it but you might want to order your own. 
THE PRIME RIB HERE IS INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS! 
get it. Also.... Its... Huge. The half will fill you the full will probably be enough to share or for you to be able to take some home. 
I plan to go back because I feel like if I get better service this place will get more stars. It is pretty small and dark but designed nicely. The piano playing is very nice.The general consensus about this place: Juicy, well seasoned prime rib, but with an overly pretentious atmosphere and mediocre service. 
We had a reservation for 7:00, but wasn't seated until 7:30. We weren't the one only ones waiting, either; there were 2 groups in front of us who had reservations for 6:30, but didn't get seated until 7:20. What's the point of making reservations if you're going to have to wait almost an HOUR?
Finally, we were led to an open dining area with live piano playing. I was enjoying the classy atmosphere, but was abruptly startled by the brashness of our server. The only two reasons for his demeanor can either be because he was new, or because just did not give a care in the world. By this point, the service was earning 2 stars. Either way, he quickly ruined my temporarily uplifted mood.
I ordered roasted tomato soup for appetizer, which tasted like plain marinara sauce. As I was beginning to seriously doubt my choice to dine here, the redeemer of this whole place finally arrived:THE PRIME RIB. Juicy, seasoned, with the perfect amount of fat. 
This hefty chunk of meat alone would give this place 4.5 stars (slightly overcooked), but the service brings this place to a 3. I generously round up to a 4 because despite the rudeness of this place they call service, this is a prime rib you won't want to miss.I'd been to the Prime Rib just once before coming last Sunday for Restaurant Week.  I have done a lot to avoid red meat over the past 8 months or so, although I still eat it on occasion, before this, however, I ate red meat all the time, including all kinds of fine cuts at fancy steakhouses like Morton's and the Capital Grill.  I have been known to enjoy a good piece of beef every now and then, so I came to Prime Rib not remembering the last time I went, and expecting some exquisite dining, even if it was the special Restaurant Week menu...prime rib is prime rib.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
The Prime Rib is inconspicuously nestled just off Rittenhouse Square, down the street a little from Parc.  Raoul Duke may have actually been describing his first impressions of the Prime Rib when he wrote the place "fairly reeked of high-grade formica and plastic palm trees.  It was clearly a high-class refuge for big spenders.  This was Bob Hope's turf.  Frank Sinatra's.  Spiro Agnew's."  I did my best look like anything but a 22 year old with less money in the bank than most of these peoples' weekend allowance.
THE ATMOSPHERE:
There are aspects of the main dining room that work very well, and others that work not so well, but everything is unmistakably Prime Rib, and I remembered being there many years ago almost instantly.  Black and dark wooden furnishings and warm lighting, with a live jazz duet of piano and bass wafted through the air, and really boosted my experience.  But, as others have mentioned, the leopard print carpet and giant fake flower arrangements were unbelievably tacky and basically equalized the atmosphere, which given the clientelle, began to feel reminiscent of some corny seniors night at a banquet hall.  I didn't have any problem with my choice of attire-- a blue striped shirt and a pair of grey slacks, none of us wore a jacket.
THE SERVICE:
Excellent, I would say this was the strongest aspect of the Prime Rib.  Ours was respectful during conversations not to interrupt, very knowledgeable about wine choice and able to give an excellent recommendation, and did not come off as being either condescending or impatient, even if we were opting for the much cheaper 3-course Restaurant Week offering, as opposed to the full-priced regular menu.  Also, while I was originally thinking she was purposefully showing the wine list and not the Restaurant Week menu which featured wine deals because she wanted us to buy a more expensive bottle of wine, I think she saved my table money, as I would have paid more if I drank by the glass.  Soft-spoken, insanely polite and attentive, but a little stuffy, the service is a calibre I wish we saw more often in restaurants today.
THE FOOD/DRINK:
I came to the Prime Rib expecting an exquisite piece of meat that melted in my mouth in an orgy of flavor.  It did not meet my lofty expectations, however...but let me start at the beginning.  I started with their roasted tomato soup, which was delicious, although their pepper mill was grinding the pepper just big enough to get caught in my throat twice, which was unpleasant, but not enough to curb my enjoyment.  I got the prime rib, medium rare, with mashed potatoes and string beans.  I almost never eat anything less-cooked than medium, but I figured for some reason that medium-rare might be the way to go...I should have stuck with medium, but the temperature didn't really affect my enjoyment.  For the most part, it was pretty good, decent marbling and enough flavor (although I was looking for a little more garlic and only found more thickly crushed black pepper).  What did me in, however, is the fact that toward the end, the prime rib tasted something reminiscent of what I identified as "Bar Mitzvah Brisket," which I loathe...not to compare the Prime Rib with that horrid staple at my family's high holiday gatherings, but that did affect my enjoyment of it.  At any rate, the sides, typical steakhouse fare, were very good, but nothing memorable.  To top it off, I had a slice of key lime pie, which was very good, although a little warmer than I'm used to.  I had a bottle of cabernet sauvignon which we split 3 ways, it complimented the meal quite nicely and was priced incredibly-- half price...it is scientifically and statistically impossible to pass that up...unless you're my iron-willed roommate who stuck with water.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
The Prime Rib is pretty well-established as a classy joint generally fared by the old and well-to-do.  It's not the kind of place I'd take a date, however, it's more a family place for some reason (and not babies and kids, mind you, keep your damn kids at home, I mean like grandparent to young teen cousins range).  I had lofty expectations for their specialty, but in the end, I'll prefer a Morton's or Capital Grill steak over Prime Rib.  The service is impeccable, and for a change, added stars to this review, but I don't know if it will be enough to make me want to come back any time soon.The place was crowded on a Saturday evening so its a good thing we had a reservation. It was a fancy upscale restaurant so I was glad I was really dressed up. The server, the lady who sat us and the customer service overall was just fantastic. We had a tight table in the corner which was the only downside. They had live Jazz music which was really pleasant. I had the salmon fillet which was a little bit on the drier side and was low on flavor. The grilled asparagus with the hollandaise sauce was simply out of the world. My friend had the organic chicken and though flavorful, it too was on the dry side. I definitely look forward to going there again and trying their red meat and hopefully then I will have a 5 star experience. I definitely recommend this restaurant.I was staying at the Warwick where this restaurant is located. I came down here a few nights for dinner. I sat at the bar as it was just me, plus they had TVs showing sports so that was a plus. They make some greats martinis and gimlets. The meats are amazing! Prime Rib is off the charts! Can't wait to bring my wife here!Ordered the double cut prime rib, medium rare as recommended, and it was the best steak I have had in recent memory. Incredibly tender, served in all its glorious juices flowing around the plate it was simply delicious. So if you want a good steak, go to The Prime Rib. Just be ready to pay for it. Now, I can see where the price of my steak came from due to its quality, but I was a bit shocked to see sides like corn, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes and others, starting at $9 and up. Especially for the portion size of the sides, which one hungry person could easily handle themselves. For an appetizer, the lobster bisque was very good, flavorful and creamy. Overall I was very satisfied from the meal and would definitely come again if craving a quality steak, and a large paycheck if going the full nine yards. Good steak, calm pleasant atmosphere, very professional waitstaff.I love the Prime Rib. Elegant, hollywood regency style decor, beautifully lit tables, live pianist and bassist playing classic standards, excellent cuisine and terrific service. 
We go usually after the hubbub of happy hour and dine at the bar. Seats are comfortable, attentive bar service and always a character in the room - meaning, it's not too stuffy or pretentious. 
Love the food. Recently had the prime rib sandwich -- best I've ever had. Yes, it's $22 but it's really delicious. Bf got the filet mignon, also great.  Again, expensive, but you get what you pay for. Thumbs up for cocktails too.One of my favorites!
All right, it's a steak house and it can be stuffy....and frequented by older clientele.
Forget that! Make the place your own! We do and have a ball!
First. sit at the bar and not a table. Make sure Lynn is bartending! Tell her you want to start with a Brent's Old Fashioned! You're already off to a good start.
The games play on tvs at the bar, the conversation can be lively, and you get all good things without a stuffy feel.
Here's the secret...they do a $35.00 3-course offering all year round. You just have to ask for it. Now, the portions are soo large you can share everything. Mel says the French Onion soup is the best in the city. I usually go for the oysters. I figure, when in Rome...so dinner is usually Prime Rib, which is always perfect. It's at least a 15-ounce cut which means left overs the next day. Mel has had salmon, crab imperial, and other dishes with very good things to say about all of them. I've had potatoes a few different ways and they are always very basic, but always done very well. The veg is always super fresh. Try the corn off the cob. I can't get over how good corn can be in November.
The wine list can be a little pricey so have one glass, but splurge on something nice. You'll be happy you did. 
The desserts are awesome. In fact I have a slice of Key Lime pie in the fridge for dessert tonight.
Did I mention that the portions are so large you are bringing home leftovers?
Don't blow off The Prime Rib as too expensive and stuffy. Try it the way I suggest and you'll be stuffed, happy, and maybe have a few dollars left in your wallet!I suppose The Prime Rib is sort of a love or hate restaurant, but I must say that I am firmly in the "love" camp.  The food can be favorably compared to any other high end steakhouse, and I wholeheartedly recommend the $29 "mini" prime rib portion that's available on Sundays.  If you have a hearty appetite and aren't getting any appetizers it might not be enough food, but it fits in perfectly as part of a three or more course meal.
What really sets The Prime Rib apart from Morton's, Capital Grille and the like, though, is its unique decor and atmosphere.  My girlfriend and I have typically been the only diners under 60 when we come here, but that's been just fine with us.  The jackets-required, tuxedoed waiters, 1940s vibe might not be for everyone, but I've never been anywhere else in Philly that offers the same sort of experience, and I think it's quite enjoyable for a once-and-a-while, special occasion kind of a meal.Went to Back to Prime Rib last evening and my DP and I commented on a few things that always bring us back...The Room is so elegant and grand.  The service is spot on.  Douglas was our waiter and he just made the evening special.  The room was fairly full for a Thursday evening.  We love the Piano player in the background as it takes us back to an era of dining that we miss.  Starters, a classic,  We had the Buzz Salad, escargot in garlic butter which is awesome (with Garlic thick toast to dip)  and the soft shell crab with a Beurre Blanc sauce.  It was very rich and next time I would do it on the side but well executed sauce.  My DP had the crab cakes and she enjoyed much and I had the Signature Prime Rib perfectly medium Rare and it is large enough to feed a family.  Great taste and we also enjoyed some complimentary cocktails for a prior subpar experience (Thanks very unneccesary)
We had a few desserts to go as we were short on time and they were great the Mud Pie and chocolate mousse pie.  This is a truly special place in our backyard.  Be back soon.4/5 stars for me. In full disclosure I was only here for a few drinks. I did not eat here. I was staying in the adjacent hotel and popped in here for a drink before going to dinner. The place was pretty empty but it was early. I will say, the place was really put together and it looked fancy. Not trendy, modern fancy, old world, when dining out was a big deal. White tables clothes, live piano music, candles, wait staff dressed to the 9's. The bartender was helpful in ordering a bourbon. As for the manager, I asked him what was the room with all the candles on and he was nice enough to take me to the back room and show me a few other rooms around the restaurant. He introduced me to Glenn (I think that was his name) who was the head of private events and catering. He was planning a holiday party and the room looked incredible. Candles, gifts on every chair, table perfectly set. The restaurant has giant sliding walls which separate rooms to be more private. You would never know by just looking at the walls. Pretty cool. Although I didn't get to eat there I am sure the food is great. They were crowded as we were leaving and some of the locals said the bar has the best prime rib sandwich they've had. I will be back to this area and will remember to check this place out for dinner. It is close to Rittenhouse Row and a some good after dinner places as well. Check this place out if you are close by!Visited last night for restaurant week. As it's aptly named, they are known for their prime rib and wow it was melt in your mouth delicious! 
Aside from the ignorant hostess (short blond hair, older woman) and the lack of appropriate # of servers for the amount of people, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner with family and a friend (party of 5).
Our waiter Vinny was fantastic and very social BUT spread way too thin which meant longer wait times on drinks, no serving spoons for the family style served mashed potatoes and string beans for the table and forever to get coffee to go with our desserts (coffee arrived after everyone was done). Our tip appropriately complimented Vinny as a great server, it isn't his fault they don't have enough wait staff. Monday (the following day) they had over 500 people coming with only 8 servers staffed. Think about that. Last night there were approximately 350 diners, and it showed in attentiveness of the wait staff. Again, NOT the servers fault at all, Vinny was great. 
They have a full service bar and extensive wine list but it is also BYOB so we enjoyed our favorite wines. 
Parking is ugh... it is Center City, so parking garages are expensive and street meter parking is an adventure to find. However I am in love with the new meterup app the city of Philadelphia has instituted and it's only $3 an hour for meter parking that you can add time to from your smartphone. We also found out that handicap tagged cars get an hour free parking on Sundays in the city! 
Restaurant is beautiful, well laid out, has a nice ambiance with a piano player (who takes tips), upper scale normal pricing approx $60 per person, dressier than a casual place so dress up and go have an amazing night out in the city starting with a wonderful prime rib dinner.Love the decor, as soon as you walk in you feel like you're having a night out! The staff was incredibly professional and friendly and the food was delicious! My husband and I have been trying to come up with another reason to go to Philadelphia so we can go back here!!I've been to the Prime Rib a few times, once for restaurant week, and a few other special occasions, the most recent of which was their $25 Prime Rib special for the month of August.
It's unfortunate that this place has so many 1-2 star reviews because of one-off bad experiences, most of which I've read seem like situations where the customer didn't speak up, had they done so, I think they would have found their issues promptly resolved.
Atmosphere:  Swanky and Quiet (except for the piano, which isn't very loud) is a great word for it.  It's an upscale place with an old-school vibe, but they won't turn you away if you have jeans and a polo on.
Beverages:  I have never ordered a cocktail here, so I can't speak for them.
Cuisine:  The Prime Rib signature dish is hands down the best steak I've ever had (which is a list that includes the other big names in Philly, Del Friscos, Ruth's Chris, etc.).  The filet oscar was also exceptional when I had it.  Make sure you get an order of the crispy potato skins, they are delicious and one order is big enough for two.
Service:  Perfectly attentive, but not in your face.  
If you're looking for amazing steak, a quiet, classy, and/or romantic atmosphere, as well as great service, this place is for you.Over the years I've managed to squeeze a few visits into my budget and schedule and so far they haven't let me down.  The dish of choice is of course the prime rib, but they have something for everyone.  It took me a couple times to figure out how I like my prime rib cooked, and the shrimp cocktail is worth every dollar.
The service has always been top notch, the wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful in selecting a good wine to match your taste and meal.  Looking forward to my next visit, wish I could try some other dishes, but I'll probably always stick to the Prime Rib and Shrimp Cocktail.Came to the prime rib for a dinner a few weeks ago.  I ordered the prime rib medium rare and it was delicious. It's was prepared and seasoned very well. For dessert I had the key lime pie. Their key lime pie was pretty good and not too tarty. The ambiance in this place is nice. There was a pianist to provide entertainment.Visited The Prime Rib with my SO during restaurant week. The service was phenomenal as was the food. We enjoyed the house salads (dressing was so good) and he had the prime rib (the best he's ever had) and I had the salmon (also delicious). The sides of mashed potatoes and green beans were pretty standard for a steakhouse and our desserts (creme brulee and chocolate mouse) were delicious. 
We're looking forward to going back outside of restaraunt week. This would be a great romatic night out. We loved the pianist.This is the 2nd time dining here for restaurant week and again, it was phenomenal.  THE BEST crab imperial I have ever had.  Golden, buttery chunks of lump crab in each bite. The dish is not dry nor milky-just delicious.  The appetizers and dessert selections are pretty basic, as are the sides of creamed spinach & mashed potatoes.  The waitstaff are efficient and attentive without being overbearing.  We had a fantastic waiter named Spencer. I almost wanted him to pull up a seat with us, lol! 
The ambience is quite lovely, too: classic  and elegant.  
I'll definitely be returning outside of restaurant week!I've had better. Of course when I went, I was like well, I definitely have to get the Prime Rib. Got the prime rib and it was just okay. I ordered it med rare, and it came out med rare but it just did not seem to have much flavor.  They loaded it with salt and pepper but thats not how I want me prime rib.
I think that for the price, it could be much better quality. Service was very good, but the tables are way too close adn I could hear eveything someone was saying right next to me. Not somewhere I would spend for a loved ones birthday again. We couldnt even enjoy eachother's company. Dissapointing!OK, it's great. Let's just start there. But i'm taking away one star because it wasn't the best prime rib I've ever had. Other than that, it's great. Service was AMAZING. Couldn't have been happier with our wait staff. Very attentive, and helpful. They have a great deal Sunday nights too, which can't be beat. And you can bring in your own bottle of wine with no corking fee. So seriously, it's great. But as for flavor, i was just missing a little something. But overall a great meal, and the ambiance is terrific!We came to try the Prix Fixe and it was surpringly good.  I had the prime rib, which was juicy, fatty, and flavorful - just as a good prime rib should be; I can't stand overdone beef..  Was it the best ever?  Not quite but it was still tasty and definitely satisfying.  To be completely honest, the crab cakes are probably the better pick, with plenty of lump crabmeat, but sometimes you just really want artery-clogging steak.  The clams casino appetizer was flavorful with plenty of actual clam meat, and the creamed spinach side was on par with that found at any other steakhouse.  The creme brûlée dessert was okay but nothing special: it was creamy but a little too sweet for my liking.  Service was very attentive and the ambiance was great with leather couches and a baby grand.  Business casual dress though so I wouldn't come in jeans and a T-shirt.  Overall, a good steakhouse with a decently priced and tasty Prix Fixe.  I would definitely come for that again but I'm not sure if the steaks and dishes  are actually amazing enough to warrant the full price.  For that, I would probably head to Del Frisco's or Fleming's.While everything was delicious, I was actually a little disappointed in the prime rib itself. Although huge including the bone (and lots of fat) it wasn't nearly as flavorful as I'd expect from a restaurant of the same name. Perhaps if it had been served with more au jus or horseradish, the flavor would have been enhanced. As it was, it was merely a very good, albeit expensive (44.95), hunk of beef.We stayed at the Latham and had a horrible experience with a bartender at the Prime rib. We were in Philadelphia celebrating our CEO's birthday and when we went to the bar for a nightcap before retiring, the lazy bartender named Nitra saw all of us walk in and refused to serve us. We just left Del Friscos where we had a wonderful dinner. We had out of town clients with us and were so embarrassed that we would be treated that way at 11:45 on a Friday evening when we are guests of the hotel. It was crazy. The front desk coordinator at the hotel could not believe it either. Prime Rib needs to fire Nitra, you lost out on a sale and now we will never ever recommend Prime Rib to anyone. Too many people want to work hard, get rid of him and hire someone who wants to work!We went to the bar at the Prime Rib on Sunday night, and had a thoroughly delightful experience.  The bartenders, Gilberto and Daniel, were helpful and charming. The crab cakes were possibly the best I've eaten anywhere.  The bar made me feel like Don Draper would be arriving at any moment.
I've been there several times before, but eating at the bar was such a great time.  I have always felt the place to be a bit too formal and dated, but the bar atmosphere toned that down and let the relaxed elegance come through.I took my wife here for her birthday. We ivited several friends to join us and everyone had a great time. I had prepared some instructions for when we arrived (Example: Wishing the wife a happy birthday, playing some music on the piano and a specific bottle of wine and desert). The staff/servers at the prime rib were very friendly and professional at all times. They followed the instructions I had sent them when I made the reservations online through Open Table. 
The food was excellent, especially the Filet Mignon. The Filet had zero fat and was super tender and cut through like butter. Everything we got was excellent: the steaks, potatoes, fries, and various other sides were all cooked perfectly and were large portions that were enough for 2-3 people to share. The wine selection was decent and varied. There is a bar located towards the front of the restaurant and has a selection of cigars to purchase as well which is a nice touch. 
Service was quick and prompt while at the same time being friendly and providing good suggestions when it comes to wine that compliments your meal. They have a nice selection of liquor and scotch in particular. 
You are required to dress in business formal (Jacket/coat/blazer for guys and a dress/pants for women). I was fine with this and so was the rest of the group. It is more of an upscale or business restaurant that requires you to dress properly and is better for it.
Obviously this place isn't for everyone but even though it can be quite expensive depending on what you get and whether you drink it is worth it. Definitely recommend this place if you want some great food regardless of the high prices. It is worth the extra costs/prices especially if your a fan of Filet or Prime Rib. 
I wish that they had another location closer to were I now live. If only they had a location in King of Prussia so that they could directly compete against Mortons, Ruth Chris, and Sullivans in this area.
I can't wait to go back again and again.
One last thing sometimes parking can be an issue since it's in the city so if you have a reservation you might want to get there early.Sorry, The Prime Rib restaurant. I've had better. Perhaps, I've been very spoiled by House of Prime Rib in San Francisco. 
My friend had a craving for some Prime Rib. How could we pass up $35 Prix Fixe menu? I guess I could have hind-sight. For appetizer, I had Littleneck clams and Caesar salad. The clams were big and ok. Caesar dressing was terrible. It was tangy and there was a lot of acidity. It didn't taste like Caesar dressing. For entree, I ordered medium rare Prime Rib. I was thinking of having crab dish but went against it since we were at a restaurant that serves Prime Rib. Wow! My medium rare was PINK!?!?!? Really? Ok, I'll eat it. The meat was way chewy for a medium rare. The taste of the meat was OK. I think it was somewhat bland. There was some taste of meat but I wasn't enjoying it. Shaved horseradish didn't help with the taste either.  Thank goodness I wasn't paying full price for the meal. It wasn't worth it. I was expecting something better since I was in The Prime Rib restaurant.I've always been a fan of Lawry's back in LA, and have been searching for a comparable Prime Rib location here in Philly.  Dear God, Thank you for putting Prime Rib on the spot!  
First off, I was a bit skeptical after reading a post by an mad woman a few post down, ranting about service, food, PMS, etc.... and then notice that Douglas responded to her outcries and chronologically wrote up that dreadful evening's horrors.  If a manager can account for the patron's behavior to clear up any misunderstanding, that's a plus in my books.
My friends and I opted for the Restaurant week menu, and I was curious to see if the Yelp special was valid too, but alas, our waiter said no... A few minutes go by when an appetizer dish that had no resemblance to a salad comes by to our delightful surprise!  A succulent bacon wrapped salad seared in simple balsamic vinegar that instantly found its way into my stomach.  Can You Say "HEAVEN"?!  Douglas, the manager stated above, made a visit to our table asking how the yelp special was. Immediately I asked if he was the man responsible for the Yelp debate and it was nice to put a face to the man.  Great Guy!
The Prime Rib, Creamed Spinach and Mash Potato was outstanding!  Medium=Medium, Medium well=medium well.  Everything was brought out according to our exact order.  And the key lime pie?  *drooool*
It's the little things that makes fine dining a great experience.  The decor, the tables, the attention that waiters provide to every individual dining at the establishment.  Douglas, staff of The Prime Rib, thanks for an amazing experience!  Hats off to you guysWe had an early dinner there last Sunday.  It was a very positive experience.  The food and service were wonderful, and the crab cake appetizer was one of  the best I've tasted. 
The overall ambience of the place can be a bit off putting -- a bit stuffy and formal, but we ate at the bar and it could not have been a better experience.This is a great restaurant if you're willing to spend the money.  I went with my wife to enjoy a night out with good food and drinks.  We were definitely surprised with the food!  We started off with the imperial crab and it was simply amazing!! Then we ordered filet minion and lobster tails, corn off the cobb, asparagus, au grat potatoes, a creme brule and a key lime pie for dessert and two drinks.
The steak was really good, but the lobster was the best I've had in the last decade or so!  Everything was excellent and our server Jim, was a great help helping us select our meal.I chose this place to have a birthday dinner for a friend. The food was great. But I wasnt impressive with the service at all. We had a party of 13, only 2 was running late, they did not allow us to be seated. This is not the place you want to have dinner at for a big party. They seated us in two seperate table. But we was told that we would be seated at a rectangle table that would fit all of us. Now had I known that, I wouldnt even think twice to make a reservation here. The whole entire night, it felt so awkward. It felt like we were seperate groups. The birthday girl had to go back and forth between two table. When the cake came out, the other table felt left out because they werent notified. We spent a pretty decent amount of money here but only to be treated awkwardly? We could have been satistfied somewhere else. I truly did made a bad choice.The Prime Rib always had such a good name. I have been there once and I just wasn't that impressed. Maybe next time.From the leopard skin rug, to the cheesy piano playing moonlight serenade, walking into the prime rib is like walking into 1978...a good thing for some I guess.
Fortunately, came for a meeting in the private room, which was actually quaint and very nice. 
As for the food, we started with the tuna tartare app that I loved.  The cocktail shrimp were colossal.  The lobster bisque was so beyond thick and rich I was beside myself.  I felt like I was eating whipped lobster cream, meh. I went against the grain and had the crab cakes, they were lumpy and tasty.  My colleagues enjoyed their steaks, although most raved they wouldn't pay what their prices were if it weren't comped.  The bone in ribeye looked ginormous and sinful. 
Overall I don't think i'd ever choose to come here for a steak given the myriad of options, however, this is place your grandparents or parents may love.I've been here so many times over the past years, and it was always fabulous. I decided to have a small Christmas party for 10 guests...it was awful! The service was just eh, and the prime rib was not good at all. I took two bites and that was it.
What a terrible disappointment this trip was.I really like the decor and atmosphere of The Prime Rib. The dim lighting combined with the ridiculously comfortable chairs, make dining here very relaxing. There are a ton of staff so the service was excellent and I enjoyed the live piano - bass music. The food was also delicious. It isn't novel or innovative food, but it is classic steak house fare done very well. I actually don't eat meat but did enjoy the fish and mashed potatoes that I ordered.As far as steakhouses go, this was the bees knees.  Lobster Bisque had superb texture and flavor.  Even the salad was good, not overdressed or soggy, fresh and crisp as it should be.  I got a filet which was perfectly cooked and a side of mashed which was shared because it was pretty large.  Dessert was nothing special, I ordered creme brulee which was good and what I expected.  I was in a party of 10, some of which did not speak english very well, everthing was taken care of. by the staff.   I was a bit underdressed, no jacket, but still felt classy and never at any point did I feel uncomfortable.  The staff there made it a great experience, when I sell my firstborn I will go back.OK, like most of the reviews on here I have to say that I really do enjoy Prime Rib, the restaurant that is, I actually don't like the cut of beef prime rib all that much.  We have been frequenting Prime Rib for the last few years, not on a consistent basis by any means, but every once in awhile. Usually at the bar on a Sunday evening. The food is always really good, not in an 'OH MY God' way, like James, but in a 'damn that's good' kind of way. The partner loves prime rib and I'll usually go for one of the cuts. They have great prix fix menu's and I think on Sunday nights they have 1/2 price bottles of wine. Good Happy Hour too, from what I read. 
But the two things that I really enjoy about Prime Rib, is first the staff. Friendly, attentive and really good looking.  A bar staff that is friendly at a steak house??? What?! Are you crazy?? Yep, , friendly. Try to get a pleasant bartender at Union Trust or Del Frisco's or Barclay Prime! Forget about it. Next attentive. They are there if needed but not all smoochy and up your ass. Nice. Next attractive. Seriously. A really good looking staff. Not Starr 'model' pretentious. But really nice looking, from the manager on down to the bus boys.
Next I have to say this place is great for watching the freak show  of people that live in the Warwick!!! Seriously great. The bad plugs, the dye jobs, and the over tanned men. And the hideous plastic surgery, inappropriate young girl clothing, and gaudy jewelery on the women! So much fun!! Last time we were in, it seemed like any moment was going to end in an over 60's swinger party! Rittenhouse Square generally is fun to plastic surgery watch for me, the trout lips, the obvious botox, the huge swollen breasts; butt he Warwick residents have got it all.Love The Prime Rib for a romantic dinner...piano player is the best. The place is elegant and lovely...apart from the city while right at it's center, and I love to relax there with a great slab of Prime Rib!Let's start with the seating. I came here today for Vday and nothing romantic about it. The tables are so close together it was like having dinner with a stranger!!! The couple next to us were talking non stop and loud!!!! The whole ambience was non existent! Loud and obnoxious! Service!! What service!? Oh to come and pick of the check. Yeah that was excellent! I'd rather had gone to Cheese cake factory if I'd known I'd be sitting practically on someone's lap! The food, blah. One and done. Save your money.This is a 3.5 overall, but rounded up to a 4 for overall ambiance, quality and service.
Food: solid 4.5 star
Between the two of us we ordered Tuna Tartare to share, spinach and asparagus as sides to our main entrees of Chilean Sea Bass and Crab Cake. I know I know, no steak at a steakhouse? No regrets -- all the dishes were very memorable. 
First off, the tuna tartare was tossed with a sesame soy sauce, with a lemon on the side if you so wish (wrapped in a cheese cloth so the seeds don't come out.. fancy!). I liked that they were full chunks of tuna, where as some places mince up the tartare quite thin. The tuna was really fresh, some of the best I've ever had. $18
My chilean sea bass $41 was cooked very well. It had a nice crisp texture on the outside, miso glaze and , moist and that naturally chilean buttery flakeyness on the inside. My partners $39 jumbo lump crab cakes were very good -- coming from a proud Marylander -- these were very good crab cakes. JUST enough breading to keep the crab cake together, the rest all lump crabmeat , as it should be! Both spinach and asparagus were good as in they were well cooked, and accompanied well to the meal itself.
Service- 4 stars. It started off a bit slow -- took a while for a server to come over to us, even though we were the only ones at the restaurant at the time. Not sure if it was the way we were dressed ( sorry but we're not going to suit up in 100% humidity!) I understand it's hard not to judge, and maybe we weren't dressed up highly enough for this swanky place but treat all guests equally right? Anyway once we got started, the server was very professional. Explained the specials very well, came over at appropriate times to check on our drinks/meal . The order time to appetizer, and then following entree to table was perfect timing. 
Ambiance - like i said above. Swanky! Very fancy, gorgeous decor and very comfortable, as I like to call them " executive chairs." 
Price/value - 3.5 stars 
As I stated above, the food is quite phenomenal but let's break it down a bit. Entrees were very good, and alright they're a bit above the price range for competing restaurants, but they were also very well executed . Enough to justify the mark up? That's very subjective, and for me it's right on the brink of being acceptable. The vegetables though are what pushes everything over the edge. You would think with a $40 entree ( or I would think..) maybe it comes with a side, maybe? Nope. So this turns a $40 entree + $10-12 side to technically a $50+ full meal (this is without an appetizer). So if you compare to competing restaurants that lets say have Chilean Sea bass as an entree for $35 ( I loved Matysons) , it's actually a $20 difference given theirs comes with a side.. etc. Being a bit nit picky, but just wanted to break it down. To me, it's very hard to justify a $12 side, when that's a whole gnocchi dish somewhere else! But again, everyone's price/value/financial standpoint differs. 
I do think this is a great place for an anniversary, and any other fancy celebratory reasons. The food and service you will receive wont disappoint. Just be ready to break the wallet a little. 1 app, 3 drinks, 2 entrees, 2 sides roughly $200 between 2 folks to give ya a ballpark estimateVery recently, I was asked to organize a dinner to celebrate my friend's upcoming wedding, as I was the best man.
He always liked The Prime Rib, so I went with this place, not knowing what to expect.
I dealt with Glenn St. Coeur, the person in charge of these events.
Well, Mr. St. Coeur went above and beyond to make sure that this dinner not only came off well, but that I also looked great in the process!
One thing the Prime Rib does is ask for any images that they can print and put in the menus, and his suggestions helped me to come up with something extremely funny.
The only thing the groom-to-be asked for was Escargots, which Mr. St. Coeur made sure was included on the menu.
When it came to the actual room where we held the dinner, Mr. St.Coeur again made sure I was taken care of!
It was just amazing, with candles set up and looked incredible when it came to the overall setup of the table.
But where he really came through was when it came to the menu.
I had spoken with him about getting a prix fixe menu, which he had supplied. 
Most of us ordered the The Prime Rib. 
But none of us were prepared not only for the size of the cut, but how good it was.
Everything on the menu, including the Escargots (which I'd never had until this event), was amazing!
The Prime Rib, specifically Mr. St. Coeur, not only took care of us all, but made me the toast of the dinner for how well everything was done.
If you ever need to have a dinner where you need to impress, this is the place you want!I went here with one of my sales reps thats been here a number of times before. First, the food was great! If i had to rate this strickly on the food i would give it 5 stars. I had the prime rib and we all shared a few sides. 
Now, for the service, or should I say lack of. Our waiter was the worst i have had in a LONG time. I asked for a whiskey list and he acted like i was asking to much. He didnt being silverware and had to ask for it. I never got asked for a second drink and he basically ignored he table. Finally when we paid the second we signed he came over too the book and opened it up to look at the tip two steps from the table then said somehing under his breath.
If i would have had more time i would have asked for a manager and foregone a tip.
Sad to see a place that was highly recommended with quality food become such a let down due to the waiters they hire.This is where people from the suburbs go on their "fancy night in the city." 
It's expensive, the waiters wear tuxedos, and the food is bland and predictable. It's an excellent example of a certain style of mid-century American dining, and perhaps interesting from a sociological perspective, but completely out of sync with restaurant culture of 2012. It's all Mad Men up in here, but without the self-awareness that makes Butcher & Singer work. 
Creamed spinach. Unadorned corn. Steamed green beans. 
This is someone's party, for sure, but not mine.Uh it was ok. We got here late so I'll make an exception. But due to the price I expected better honestly. The wait staff was not as attentive as I thought they should be. But the food was pretty good! And I LOVED the ambiance!