I'm going to go with 3 for now, but it's more like 3.5.  They seated 4 of us at a table that could seat 8 probably which was a little strange.  Our waiter was very attentive at the beginning of the meal, but it was tough to grab him later on.  He did a nice job of explaining the menu though.  We shared a few small plates and then each got an entree.  The enchiladas were good, the guac was okay, and the octopus was cooked nicely, but I didn't love the sauce.  I had the fish of the day which was a bass, and a side of the fufu and the avocado.  The avocado was perfectly ripe with lime and sea salt, really good.  The fufu wasn't for me, it's very smoky.  I tasted the spinach which was nice too.  The bass was cooked nicely, and had salsa verde on top.  All of the apps came out really quickly, but then we sat for a long time waiting for the entrees.  I would really like to go back and try breakfast.I would not rate this the highest among the Garces' restaurants, but it was a nice night. The food was inconsistent, but nothing glaringly wrong. If in the area, I might recommend stopping by, but otherwise...We came here on a whim, trusting that Garces latest addition wouldn't disappoint...and we were simply stunned by the wonderful experience! Upon arriving, we waited (briefly) for our table while at the bar, and had the most scrumptious cuba libres we've had since our engagement in Costa Rica...their rum list is extensive, but c'mon, it doesn't get better than Flor de Cana (any year will do!).   
The biggest and best surprise in store came over to our table and introduced himself: Terry. What an incredible server! He immediately made us feel right at home, and was exceptionally knowledgeable in assisting us in discovering the menu. I must say right away: the bread service will completely FLOOR you. The bread is made from a yuca flour with 2 different cheeses, and is the MOST delectable assembly of savory, chewy, comforting heavenly goodness that I have ever experienced from bread service. And don't forget about the fruity (guava??) dipping sauce. Seriously...this is something worth writing about (and he brought us extra...even though we were stuffed, you cannot stop eating this goodness).  We enjoyed the hamachi ceviche, the marinated octopus, the chicken and the beef empanada, and the crispy beef entree. Of course, for dessert we had the milkshake (trigo?), that tasted exactly like that puffed wheat cereal with the frog that you had as a child (adding a little Flor de Cana was a nice touch, also!).  
But by far and away, Terry was the true star of the night.  Personable, warm, and with pacing unmatched by other servers, he ruled the night.  Undoubtedly, we will be very frequent repeat customers, and we will request the personal attention we received in his section.  Of course, we will be sharing the news with all of our friends! This experience is not one you'll want to miss!Such a wonderful experience. Delicious food and friendly staff. Best breakfast I've had in a long time. & their pastries are fantasticThe place looks great! The take out service is fast! Went here by accident because it says "Cuban Restaurant" my colleague and I wanted to try the Cubano, price was okay (hoping there was a lunch special, there isn't) the Sandwhich has pretty good size. the ham though is inconsistent. My colleague got way less Ham than mine. Also Ordered price and that was delicious! Ordered a cheese empanada... It was okay... The price needs to lower a bitThe place is casual and comfortable, and the staff are all really nice.  The food was  pretty good, but very salty.  Our party got the suckling pig, which was a small portion of pulled pork - not exactly what we were expecting, but good nonetheless.  I got the steak sandwich, which was small but tasty, another got a chicken platter, which was large and really good, and another got the chicken sandwich, which was also large and very good.  Tres Leches was ordered for dessert, and it was tiny, but delicious.  The overall opinion was good, but not worth the price.The first time I ate here was during restaurant week and enjoyed it very much.  Slow roasted lamb, yum. Decors reminded of a local Cuban diner in PR or Miami.   
My 2nd visit was for SIPS, we were not disappointed.  I had four mojitos, we tried one of every app.  Empandas were good, yucca fries, but the cod fish fritters were too salty. My friends tried the red and white sangrias, so refreshing.  Drinks were good!We had a thoroughly pleasant experience at Rosa Blanca.   We ordered the $35 Para La Familia tasting menu so we could try lots of different things.  The best guacamole ever, with house-roasted pineapple.  A delicious, ultra-fresh frisee salad.  Fresh-baked cheese bread with guava butter.   Maybe a bit more fried food than was absolutely necessary, with both ham and bacalao croquettes, the latter served with a garlic aioli that would kill a vampire at 20 paces.  Two main dishes (!), a shrimp and rice combo and the best ropa vieja I've ever had. The shrimp themselves were so sweet and fresh, it made up for the fact that the dish was not especially interesting.   I might have forgotten one or two things, it felt as if the food would never stop flowing from the kitchen.  A spectacular custard dessert with layers of passion fruit and mango, and a mango sorbet.  We left with a shopping bag of food-- probably two more meals.  Service was excellent, though I don't know that the servers need to wear tuxedos in a casual, diner-style restaurant.  We will definitely return.I have been to this Jose Garces restaurant a couple times. Excellent service and delicious Cuban food. Gluten free and Vegetarian  friendly.I am pretty bummed. I recently was taken here for my birthday and apparently it was restaurant week, so they were only offering the restaurant week menu and weren't even providing guests the regular menu. Obviously, this already should indicate that my review must be taken with a grain of salt given the unique parameters of my experience. I will say that I found the decor thoughtful, fun and enjoyable.
I ordered the Queso empanada and my fiancé ordered the jamon croquettes. I felt the empanada was simply a pocket of grease (yes, I know this is a deep fried cheese appetizer but I've had better from local corner stores in the city). The croquettes were good but not great. I love the croquettes at Amada and was expecting Rosa's to be as enjoyable but there was a sweetness to the dish that wasn't appealing to me, but my fiancé seemed to enjoy them.
For our entrees, I had the ropa vieja and my fiancé ordered the Cubano. Both dishes had a substantial flavor profile, but again, we felt as though we'd had better in the city. Visually they were both pretty underwhelming as well.
However, I will say that dessert was EPIC! Best dessert I have had in a long time and was much more on a level that I was expecting. I ordered the pineapple upside down cake and my fiancé had he coconut custard with mango sorbet. Both were a beautiful balance of sweet and acidic. Truly excellent.Went for a birthday celebration. Our waiter had too many tables and we had to request some items from our order several times. Portions were small and bill was expensive for the amount of food. Highlight of the meal was the cheese bread they brought back from the Chifa menu. Disappointing but will try again.Delicious ham and cheese empanada!!! And all other different kinda! I think I had like 10 of them. They were so so so good. 
The place looked tiny from outside and I thought it was local diner.
Pretty spacious inside and cozy. 
I went there for happy hour and got bunch of small snacks and had wonderful time. All delicious!Went for happy hour yesterday and had a great time! The mojito was fresh and tasty, the $6 sangria was a hit, and we shared an order of gucamole with plaintain chips and an order of chicken croquettes. Portions are on the smaller side but the food was so good I didn't care. Definitely plan to go back for another happy hour and eventually a meal!Ate here last night. The food tasted great, but the entrees weren't hot. We didn't send them back because the service was terrible. Our server was fine (sweet, pleasant and helpful), but the kitchen was pathetically slow. What should have been a 75 minute dinner was instead 2 hours. Brutal !!  
We had three courses, the two soups we had were amazing - and served hot, but not piping hot, but it took 30 minutes for the soup to arrive. Then we had to wait another  30 minutes for our second course - and then 40 minutes for our entrees to arrive.Our recent double date at Rosa Blanca had some pros and cons.
PROS:
On a Saturday night we were able to land an Opentable.com reservation somewhat easily for 8pm (week of). Typically this makes me nervous but we were optimistic!
They offered a 3 course tasting menu for $35 and have a corkage fee of just $15. We brought our own wine so with tax and tip the meal was just over $200 for 4 very full bellies! A great value!
The food was inventive and tasted good and the portions were adequate (if not large). The dessert was my most favorite dish--although really I liked everything. It was an interpretation of pineapple upside down cake--but in a sort of gelatinous mousse-like presentation. YUM!
CONS:
Although the large open main floor had only had several tables occupied, we were seated in the lower level where there wasn't another soul. That was until they seated a VERY loud table of 12+ practically on top of us. Normally we're amenable but unfortunately this meant we could not hear a single word that the servers were saying as they delivered our tasting menu (which was items we weren't familiar with so we were anxious for the descriptions).
Our service was good--not great, not bad, just good. My first glass of wine was poured in a very dirty glass. Would have been forgettable but we had to get two other plates exchanged for clean ones throughout our meal. It was a little off putting.
OVERALL:
As world renown restauranteur Danny Meyer once said, "A diner will come to a restaurant for a dish but will return for the hospitality". The service was fine but the overall atmosphere left a lot to be desired (at least in the basement area). We would likely return in the future but make sure to request the main level. It's really a shame that this restaurant is located in such a dud of a location. Overall we had a nice time (thanks to the great company!) and enjoyed our meal. It wouldn't be our top choice but we would give it another shot.Finally made it in for a quick lunch today.  I attempted to walk-in a few weeks back (during lunch time) but the hostess indicated it would be a 40 minute wait (not possible during a weekday lunch).  So today, I headed over w/ a reservation!
The restaurant had a nice ambiance and the aroma of Cuban food filled the the air from the entrance.  My friend and I ordered the Calle Ocho & Cubano Cobb, both of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the portions were large enough that we both took doggie bags w/ us. We also ordered the pineapple guacamole and chips, usually I'm not a fan of fruit in my savory snacks, but this was still pretty good.  
Our meal totaled around $36, and considering we had leftovers (aka lunch for tomorrow) I think this was an awesome price tag.  Basically 2 lunches at $9 each.  The service was nice and the manager came over to chat at the conclusion of our meal.  Would definitely recommend to others and will certainly go back for dinner, hopefully, once my womb is no longer occupied and I can consume one of their delicious Mojitos, that I saw others enjoying around me!One of my favourite places to eat in the city. I love the decor, I love the food, and I love the drinks. They have pretty excellent milkshakes as well!
I most enjoy getting brunch here - eggs and chorizo with a Cuban espresso and fresh squeezed orange juice is my go to. Their fried yuca is fantastic and their dinner specials are always a nice change of pace from their normal menu. Every dish I've had at Rosa Blanca has been very tasty. 
The service is good, though I have definitely noted some staffing issues (being short-handed, long wait times once seated) the last few times I've been. 
In conclusion, I would recommend Rosa Blanca for any meal of the day, but it shines for breakfast and lunch with a small group of friends.best breakfast ive had in philly. simple clean food. great coffee and a delightful service. also, the fried sweet plantains were really good. i seriously have no idea why this place isn't rated higher.I came here on Cinco de Mayo because most Mexican restaurants were full and we figured Cuban food was maybe a good alternative. It's an interesting vibe - it looks like a diner in the front with a darker open room for seating in the back. 
Our waitress was great, very helpful. They had an amazing drink menu, plus for any of their drinks you can request fresh pureed fruit (no added sugar or syrup or anything) be added to the drink. They have a bunch of options - peach, strawberry, pomegranate....
Their prices are SO reasonable - a bunch of small plates that are pretty sizeable for around $3-$5. I got a cubano sandwich that was amazing, HUGE, and only $9. Probably a really great lunch option if you're looking for a reasonable group spot. Another great feature - almost no wait!I would say that the current 3 and a half stars where this restaurant stands at an average, truly represents this place.  Service is great - 4/5. People are great and attentive. Yuca fries are 5/5 - do not miss. Tostones and cheese bread - 4/5. Really good stuff. Sandwiches - we tried the Cubano and calle ocho were both strictly average. Could be way way better. I wish I had tried something else on their menu for the mains and skipped the sandwiches. Their decor is very cool -5/5.
So all in all, outside of my sandwiches, a solid 4 stars. With the sandwiches 3.5 stars. Yelp is not letting me select 3.5, so going with a 4 here!I am Cuban. I grew up in the states, but I was exposed to home cooked Cuban meals daily for 17 years. Life was good. Since then I have learned how different Cuban food can be when going out to restaurants. 
In that vein, I would say this is not the classical preparation from the 50s and before. It is a fresh new take and I like the diner concept as well. The food was excellent and the drinks even better. The service was also very good. I am both gluten intolerant and a vegan. The waitress was very helpful in telling us what our option were.  
At the end of a fantastic food experience the bill showed up. It was pretty high, but given the experience we had just been through, I was okay with it. 
If you are in Philly and are looking for a nice experience, I highly recommend check rosa Blanca out. Only two cautions to give - it is a bit pricing so be prepared and it can get a little loud at times.Garces is such a great chef! Everything here was delicious!. We had the Cuban sandwich which was just great, with the perfect bread. The ropa Vieja was so tender and flavorful that I could have eaten another order. Waitress was super friendly and we never had to ask for anythingLoved this spot!  The mojitos were the MOST DELICIOUS that I ever tasted!
Had a beautiful brown eyed waitress who knew what she was talking about...very helpful.
We started with the Guacamole Cubano - so fresh and yummy!  Then the coconut conch soup which my husband devoured!
I had a delicious fish special that melted in my mouth.  My partner had Ropa Vieja which he thoroughly enjoyed!
The coffee and espresso was also delicious and hot!  We will be coming back!!I love the food and the atmosphere so much! I come semi-regularly. Brunch; deserts; pork shoulder: all amazing.Great place.  When we first got there we automatically felt welcome.  We got the Restaurant Week specials.  The flavors were great and the service was outstanding.  Damian was our server.  I didn't get the hostess' name but the crew was really friendly.
As far as the environment,  it was a bit confusing as to what they were trying to go for.  The front of the restaurant felt like a "Marathon/Jones" combo.  The back of the restaurant (the other room) had a "Tapas" restaurant feel.  The bathrooms could use a new look or simply prints on the wall that would cost practically nothing.
I would have given 5 stars but I usually don't as restaurants have room for improvement.  I had the pumpkin soup which had an greasy taste.  The Ropa Vieja could have had a side of roasted grapes.  At the end, the portion size for the dessert could have been slightly larger.    Overall it is a must come back!Vaca Frita(braised beef)was too salty...... Cubano had nice Latin type roll but lacked pork. More like a ham sandwich.....desert we had upside down pineapple cake. Pathetically small!!!! About the size of a BIC lighter. It had a good flavor but it was perhaps the smallest desert I ever had. After being served this desert I understood why they did not bring out a showing of what they had. If they did then no one would order this desert!!We went here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all. That's why it was so perplexing how slow and inattentive our service was. It took a long time to order and get served our food and the waitress didn't come to check on us much.
But always the food itself was "meh". I got empanadas, rice and beans, ceviche, plantains and a pastry. Nothing stood out and the dessert was the best dish. For the price, I would definitely go somewhere else.This restaurant did not disappoint. The good was outstanding and the waitstaff was so friendly and professional. It was a little more than I expected to pay for brunch but it's definitely worth it as a treat to yourself.I had been dying to try this place out because I love Cuban food, but other than the mojitos and the freshly squeezed orange juice it really wasn't that great. It took an hour from when we sat down till our food came out. The great thing though is that, compared to the other Garces restaurants, the prices here are great, which makes it more okay that the food and service is mediocre.If you plan to order take out from here just forget it and move on. The lady on the phone can barely understand how to take orders. As a result orders have been completely wrong. They stated it would be ready in 15 minutes. Wrong, 45. If it's 45 min, just say so. I have better things to do with my time. Also, couldn't find our order under my boyfriend's name. After a lengthy amount of time and running about in an unorganized fashion, turns out it was under a order named Martha. That is not my boyfriend's name. Bad experiences x3. Not worth the aggravation. There are better restaurants in the area I would give my patronage to.Extremely disappointed in this as an Iron Chef restaurant. 
Where is the quality control? Super inconsistent.
I ordered some takeout. The empanadas - Chicken cilantro pepper... They were Extremely SALTY. My fiancé gave his back to me after one bite. I ate them because I was starving; however immediately afterwards felt like I was a horse at a saltlick. Not happy. 
Next our Cubanos. While waiting for the sandwiches, I saw many go back to the diners. I asked if our takeout also included the chips as I saw on the plates. She said I would have some. 
Not only were there NO chips (my sandwich was exactly same price as eating in), but there was also NO mustard. 
This sandwich just did not taste like a Cubano. I felt like I was cheated out of a supposedly Cuban experience. 
Too salty empanadas, missing chips and the 4th most important ingredient in a Cubano after meat cheese and pickles, where's the mustard????
I'm very sad now that Chifa was replaced for this.The BF and I went here on a Saturday afternoon, for what I called "lunch" in order to sneak brunch in under his nose (he is not typically a brunch appreciator). It was full - every table in the dining room was taken, but two seats at the bar. 
First, this place is really well designed. A wavy marble bar with globe lights above it, leather goldenrod bar seats, and checkered floor - I am a big fan!
Second, the food is very fairly priced. I went for the breakfast: scrambled eggs, crispy pork belly, and fried plantains. The breakfast was a hit with me - great tasting, definitely Cuban comfort food, and you can choose from a variety of fun and delectable sides. P.S...I cleaned my plate (doesn't happen often at all)!
Third, the service was very attentive and pleasant...I will definitely be back! If I still lived in Wash West, I would probably be here just about every weekend. Do yourself a favor and go! I'd like to try a different meal here next time - if I can stop swooning over breakfast (they serve it all day)!
Don't miss the downstairs bar.I have been here several times for lunch. The food is good. I wish they had more seafood or vegetarian on their lunch menu. I had dinner here once during restaurant week. It was delicious and a pretty good deal! Left quite full and happy. The only downside to this place is that it is so loud! They need some kind of acoustical treatment just so you can hear the person next to you talking. Cute design and concept though. They need a walk-up window for coffees and what not if they're really going to be authentic Cuban!this place was good and a bargain for the price.  we will be checking out his other places during our next visit to Philly.  be warned if you are drinking.  cocktails are $10-$14 a peice but the food is fairly priced.So good! Everything we had was awesome from drinks, apps, entree to dessert. I will definitely go back - hopefully soon!My husband and I went to Rosa Blanca for lunch today. We are huge Garces fans and were so excited, but we both left very disappointed and a bit offended. 
We sat down and were greeted by a friendly server who promptly took our drink order. We got our drinks right away, but about 20 minutes later, he came over and apologized that the order didn't go through because of something in the kitchen going wrong. We didn't even notice that things were taking a while so we didn't mind that at all.
My food came out a good ten minutes before my husbands did and it was completely cold by the time his sandwich came our way. I really don't appreciate the poor timing when I'm spending $70 on a nice lunch on a Saturday! 
The kicker was when the server asked if we would like to see a dessert menu. Our food, although cold, was actually tasty and we were full, so we declined. My glass of wine was promptly taken away with wine left in it. 
I am giving 2 stars because of the food. I got the lamb and it was delicious even though it was cold. I'm sure it would have been even better if properly served. I really cannot remember a time when I have received such poor service and felt so rushed though. I will not be back and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a pleasant dining experience.This might be the best Cuban-American style restaurant I have been to in the northeast. The decor and the atmosphere are nods to 1960s Miami diners with a liberal use of turquoise and diner seating. The only thing missing might be a bunch of old exile gents hanging out front playing dominoes while plotting to liberate the island.
On my first visit I started with the  ham croquettes. They were crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  Not doughy at all. 
I followed that with the vaca frita. The flavors on the vaca frita were on point, though it seemed as if they forgot the frita part. Mine seemed as is if it just came off of a braise. I let my waiter know, and they promised to make sure that things would be better on my next visit. Three weeks later I came back to try it again: 
It was perfect. 
-----
Other items l've tried since then include the Cubano (real Cuban bread!), lentil soup (just like my grandmom's), and Cuban Coffee have all been awesome. 
This Cubano will be eating here at least a couple times a month from here on out.I will never visit this establishment again. I feel cheated and disrespected. 
My fiancé and I decided to check this place out last Friday afternoon for lunch. We had to sit at the bar because there was not an available seat for another hour. The place was pretty busy, and there was only one bartender struggling to keep up. Everything took forever. Our drinks, our app, and then, no kidding, almost an hour for the food. An hour. The excuse was that there were "two large parties" in the back that the kitchen was cooking for. Whatever. This is a Jose Garces restaurant and they should be prepared for that kind of traffic.
Over and over, my fiancé and I watched people get Cuban sandwiches, finish their food, and leave, while we sat there waiting. I guess our mistake was that we ordered seafood lunch entrees, you know, it being lent and all. Then when the food finally DID come, they only thing that was good was the lentil soup. The dishes just were not that good and lacked flavor. Also, when they did end up comping everything but the entrees, they tried to make it look like I was getting this great deal because we didn't have to pay for the sides. The menu says that when you order an entree, you get to pick one side. Sigh. Oh and the "red beans" are not just red beans, but they are red beans and rice with meat. I ended up not even eating a side.
The bartender did do his best to be apologetic, and you could tell he was extremely busy. He refilled my wine and my fiancés beer and kept checking on our food. He also told me that I was going to get some "special sauce"  with the replacement side that I ordered, which the kitchen did not give me. I ended up sending that side back, too, as it was nothing like any yucca I have ever eaten; it tasted like french fries.The problem here really wasn't the service, but there seems to be a disconnect between the servers and the kitchen staff, and the food is inconsistent.
As I was leaving, the hostess asked how everything was, and I just shook my head. I just wanted to leave, but she insisted that I talk to the manager. Having been in the restaurant industry, I figured why not. Well, this manager was totally disinterested in anything I had to say. He was looking away for most of the conversation and didn't really seem concerned as I described our experience. He gave me his business card, and told me to send him an email to let him know the next time we were coming, and he would make sure our experience was better. He said he would "take care of us" and wanted to "show us what they can do." Well, I emailed him two days ago, and the email came back as undeliverable. I sent a text to the mobile number on the card, and never got a response. How unbelievably unprofessional.
Get it together, Rosa Blanca.I have wanted to go to Rosa Blanca since it opened and finally had a chance to go for brunch this weekend and will definitely be going back. The food was delicious and affordable (full breakfast platter with your choice of sides for 8 bucks), the service was stellar-server Dana and Manager Mike took amazing care of our party of four and the drinks were amazing! Best mojito I have had since I went to Mexico and the Bloody Mary I sipped was spicy and refreshing. The food came out super fast and the ambience was fun and casual. I will definitely be going back.  The other great thing is that because this is a new place it hasn't yet established the 45 minute wait of so many other brunch places in the area.Derek is a great restaurant manager. Service was great. The small plates were good especially the octopus. The cheese empanadas were not tasty. Just a big blob of fried cheese. Alcoholic drinks are made with fresh fruit. They are very unique.I like this Caribbean comfort food.... I was disappointed when chifa closed, but I am quickly liking rosa Blanca's casual atmosphere with interesting drinks- guava and cheese pasteles, kola champagne and fried pork shoulder?  Yummmm....Rosa Blanca has good food for good prices, but the service is terrible. I have been there about 5 times and only once did I get a server that knew about the menu. 
We go back because of the food, but if they got the service together, we'd be back more often.Awesome Cuban food! The guacamole with smoked pineapple was unforgettable. And...it came with two types of chips: plantain & yuca. 
The masitas de puerco were perfectly spiced. Do not leave without having the arepas. And if you want to try something that'll knock your milkshake socks off, batida de trigo. The flavor is like cereal, milk and heaven. 
Go here!It was good. The menu is more limited compared to places like Mixto.I'm surprised this place is now reported as closed cause it was so good. I went here for brunch and got the pork belly. I mean rice, plantains, and delicious glazed pork belly is just a killer combo. Also had some good Cuban coffee to wash it all down.Service was great, drinks were pretty good. Our food came from the kitchen very quickly. I ordered some pork thing that came with a creamy corn concoction. It was pretty good - my complaint however is the beans and rice. You get a small cast iron thing with about 5 bites of black beans / rice. Aren't those cheap ingredients? The portion size of the dish was small also. I wouldn't say it's the greatest value in the world.
My date ordered a cubano sandwhich. I had some of it, also was just okay.I stopped for lunch during the snowstorm yesterday and ordered off the Restaurant Week menu. I started with Las Palmas salad. My entree was Ropa Vieja and Tembleque de Coco. Every course was unique and delicious. The bartender Michael was great and I really enjoyed his company while eating at the counter.   If you're looking for an unusual cocktail, Michael is your man to mix it. I highly recommend Rosa Blanca for your next outing!Let me preface this review with the fact that after living in Miami and having the pleasure of knowing many Cuban families I have certain expectations of Cuban cuisine, or anything that calls itself Cuban style. The batido de vanilla was awful. It was way too thin and had a funky after taste. Luckily they took it off our check. We had croquetas de pollo and de jamón, split a Cubano and a pastelito de guayaba y queso. Everything was pretty good. It was a little Americanized, especially the large chunks of chicken in the croquetas. Overall not a fan and will not be coming back. However if you've never had Cuban food for real this would be an interesting experience.I rarely take the time to write a review that is less than three stars - I believe in supporting Philly business but Rosa Blanca just misses the mark.  It opened with a lot of fanfare and is a Jose Garces restaurant.  Being that it is affiliating itself with the Jose Garces name I feel that it should be held to a higher standard.  I have been here enough times that I know that the experience that I had a couple of nights ago was not a fluke.  Let's start with the positives - the gluten free bread with jalapeno butter.  That is simply delicious and they are served warm which is a great start.  For me it always seems to go down hill from there.  I find the menu selection that small and the prices inflated considering the portion.  They "market" themselves as a Cuban diner.  Diner food is quick and plentiful.  The service at Rosa Blanca is slow - and when I say slow I mean SLOW and the portion sizes (especially on the small plates) are embarrassingly small. So if you think that you are sharing the empanada small plate with your friend - think again.  I ordered the shrimp enchilada.  Enchilada does not sound that Cuban to me but I was in the mood for shrimp so set my palate for that.  What came out was shrimp and rice.  No enchilada shell, no cheese, nothing that resembled and enchilada at all.  Three people at my table of ten ordered that and we were all perplexed.  The waiter explained that this is a "deconstructed enchilada".  When I am going to a place marketed as a Cuban Diner I didn't realize that I would have to ask the waiter if the menu item that I am ordering is really masquerading as something else, "excuse me, the item that I am ordering, is it really an enchilada or something else".  Advice to management - change the item name to say shrimp and rice. Sigh.  Our waiter was nice enough and seemingly trying hard but the place was severely under staffed as usual.  It annoyed me since we had a reservation for 10 people and there was hardly anyone else in there so they should have for sure been ready for us!  The thing that annoyed me the most was that I wanted to order a cake for my friend. When I made the reservation I was told that if I wanted a cake that it was very important that I give them 48 hour lead time to prepare. Our reservation was on a Wednesday so I called Monday evening and left a message for my call to be returned.  When my call was not returned on Tuesday I started to panic since I really needed a cake and called 4 more times!  No answer - no return call.  Finally, on Wednesday at 3:00 I called again and "the manager" answered the phone.  I explained to her what happened and she nonchalantly told me, "Oh we are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays and are just going through the messages now so we would have called you back soon.".  My reservation time was four hours away.  If they were closed their message should have said they were closed. I also shouldn't have been told I needed to call 48 hours in advance if the restaurant wasn't even open, and I would think that even if the restaurant was closed that maybe someone would listen to the messages at least once a day.  Seriously! I told the manager I was disappointed and it didn't seem to phase her much.   We got our cake and it was well presented and tasty so I was pleased about that but it took FOREVER to get it out and FOREVER to slice it. It was embarrassing for me.  Friends had to leave the table to put money in their meters and one friend had to leave all together to go home and walk her dog.  After the cake was presented one would expect that it would be whisked back to the kitchen, cut and presented within 10 minutes.  I think that's reasonable.  It took about a half hour to see the cake again.  It was evident why since we could see our waiter going to all of the other tables (not that there were many of them) waiting on them.   Some pseudo-manager randomly appears at the very end of our meal after we had been there for three hours and says, "Was everything all right?".  It was my friends going away party so I didn't want to rock the boat and said, "Yes" but it wasn't all right and if she really cared she should have come over in the middle of the meal to ask how we were when there was something that she could actually do about it.  Maybe she could have cut the cake for us.  Not only have I soured on Rosa Blanca but my bad experiences here have carried over to the Jose Garces brand.  Every time I have gone to a Stephen Starr restaurant all aspects of the meal - not just the quality of the food - are polished!  The management there is wonderful and dedication to customer satisfaction.  In short expect a thorny experience here.Came here on a first date and was very hungry. We arrived after the kitchen was closed. The Manager Mike was very accommodating and extended the kitchen hours just for us. The music was incredible and a very fun crowd. Very nice for salseros!!This place is ok. They took over the Cuban sandwich from Garces Trading Co's menu (my favorite item) and had made it more traditional unfortunately sacrificing taste (in my humble opinion). I tried some of the empanadas and they are not bad but nothing to write home about. The mojitos however are very drinkable.Food was great.   Service was great.  It's really a cute place.   We were seated in the far back and the noise level was so high it was hard to hear each other.   This would be a 5 star place if you could have a conversation.Food was ok. I have the ropa vieja, a brisket stew with white rice and black beans. I also order the pineapple juice, thinking it was fresh, it was not. It is not hard to make the juices so I am surprised they would serve Goya brand juices in a can. The brisket was tender, didn't understand the olives in the dish but then again I am not a chef. I'd give it a second chance and have a cocktail.Overall I was pretty unimpressed by this Jose Garces restaurant and that surprised me because I am absolutely obsessed with GTC and Amada.
The atmosphere and decorations in the restaurant is nice, diner feel in the front and more intimate booth seating in the back. The back dining area is incredibly loud I'm not sure if its because of the acoustics or because we went during a bunch of loud groups but we could barely hear each other.
This was during restaurant week so maybe they were a little overbooked but there were a couple empty tables and our food still took almost an hour for orders to be taken and food get to our table.
We got the croquettes, pulpo, and conch chowder and they were all very delicious. The empanada starter was bland.
The fried pork shoulder entre was very unimpressive, pretty dry. The skirt steak and fries was yummy but that is hard to mess up.Well,I felt like an update was needed.  I ordered my usual of the Chicharorn breakfast, with extra chicharron on the side. And to my dismay, they raised the prices on some orders and changed some menu items.  My order came to to like $17.65 for black beans, rice, a small amount of scrambled eggs and 5 pieces of pork belly.  I understand it's Center city, but it definitely wasn't worth that kinda money.Cool vibes inside, super nice staff, but the food didn't meet my expectations. 
I've been a JG cubano fan since taking my first bite of the sandwich at Garces Trading almost 3 years ago. It was something I craved. So when I found out that it was off the menu at GTC and on the menu here, I immediately had to check this place out.
But the sandwich here seemed so different! The bread had a really greasy slick on its surface, the pork was disappointingly dry, and the ham to pork ratio was off- lots of ham and little pork. It was also not well stacked so I got bites of just cheese and bites of just ham. 
The croquettes were ok- not at all like my host mom in Spain used to make. I prefer the creamy shredded chicken filling to a cubed one, but that's just what I'm used to. 
The highlight was definitely the guacamole with smoky pineapple. Yum, yum, yum. The downside was that the chips they gave us for dipping were practically crumbs so we had to resort to eating it with a spoon.
We'll be back to give their other main foods a try, but I'm sorely disappointed in the poor Cubano prep here. Looks like I'll have to try making my own at home...The food is consistent with the price. Not too impressed with chef Garces flavors; Not unique. Paid less than $30 for each person. The on the house cheese bread was the most delicious, I ordered another round. The yuca frites let me down just because I have had really tasty ones at other South American restaurants. Would only go again to get the cheese bread .Although I've moved away from Philly, I try to keep up with restaurant comings and goings for when I visit home. Over the Christmas week, my husband and I made dinner plans with some other friends from the area who have moved away and decided on trying Rosa Blanca. Initial reaction when we walked in was that the atmosphere is fantastic; very cool with white subway tile, the staff behind the juice bar/to go counter in white aprons and the old white paper diner "hats" and huge industrial ceiling fans. 
While we waited for our friends to arrive, the woman who was taking to go orders offered us a free sample of one of their juices, I forget the name, but she said it was their version of a creamsicle. After our friends arrived we were promptly seated in the main dining area, which is also beautiful, but doesn't really match the dining area with the bar. The wrought iron touches were fantastic.
I ordered the Las Palmas salad, Cuban sandwich and a mojito. It was way too much food (which wasn't a bad thing, I ate the salad and about half the sandwich and then was able to take the leftovers home.) The salad was fantastic - perfectly dressed, and the dates, hearts of palm and shaved coconut really shined through. The Cuban sandwich was standard (very good but tasted like most other Cubans I've had - not a bad thing) - though the outside of the bread was a little bit greasy. My dining companions were all happy with their dishes too, ordering the fried pork shoulder, ceviche, and another Cuban. As we ate, we all kept remarking on the beautiful atmosphere. I felt it was a good value - a good deal of food for a reasonable price.
They seem to be doing a great take out business too, while we waited for our friends to arrive we saw several people come in to pick up to-do orders, and overheard one man saying he'd been there 6 times in the 10 days it had been open.C'mon, Chef Garces, you can do better.
This place is a bit confusing and is confusing. The decor suggests more of a diner up front, but is much different in the back, reminding me more of a stable where you would keep a horse. Charming in its own way. Service was good.
But the menu... is just as confused as the decor. There is a page of diner type stuff, with sandwiches (which are not very good, by the way), and more  developed but classic cuban meals. It appears as though the diner, both in location and menu, is the bad side of the restaurant, and the stables, with their more expensive and developed dishes, is the way to go. 
Avoid the sandwiches and siting up front, get the large entrees and sit in the back. You will not get the cheap(er) diner experience, but at least you'll leave with a satisfied palate.Food was AMAZING!!!  The cheesey bread and whatever dipping sauce that came with it before the meal was delicious.  Our group got a few different appetizers - the ceviche was very good and I liked the empanda that had spinach and corn in it.  For my entrée I got the Pescado a la Plancha (the fish that day was similar to snapper, though I forget the name of it).  It was incredible and the flavors of the sauce and also the black beans that came on the table with our meals were great.  
Many good drink options also. And we shared several desserts - the flan and the pineapple cake were my favorites!
My only complaint is how incredibly slow the service was.I stopped in yesterday afternoon for a cafecito and a pastel with some friends. It was wonderful. What a fun place. The Cuban coffee was great and the pasteles were served warm--a nice touch. I can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner!New Garces restaurant! Great news...Cuban Diner is a great concept that works. Incredible interior...with a diner type setting in front by the entrance and a cuban bistro atmosphere in the back. We tried the chicken empanada (cilantro/roasted pepper), smoked pineapple guacomole and for my entree I had the Calle Ocho sandwich (Roast Pork, Chorizo, Caramelized Onions, Swiss heese, Pickles).  I enjoyed the sandwich as I love chorizo and it made a great addition to the traditional cubano.  Service was good, although it took quite a long time to be assigned a server.  I will definitely be back.We visited Rosa Blanca on the first Saturday night after they opened. Surprisingly, it did not appear to be completely full and the waiter was helpful with recommendations. The restaurant is spacious and has a cool Cuban atmosphere. They have a great drink selection and their signature cocktails are delicious. I was not overly impressed with the food. The empanadas were OK. On the other hand, the croquetas are the one must have.
The food here is probably still better than Cuba Libre and can only get better, but for now I'm giving it 4 stars.My wife and I went to Rosa Blanca this past Sunday... we've been waiting for this since we first heard that Chifa was closing. After waiting months, our reservation day came and off we went!!!
We sat down and were handed "Restaurant Week" menus... bummer. I had no idea when I made the reservation over a month and a half ago that it was Restaurant Week. That being said, we had an outstanding time!!! I normally don't like "Restaurant Week" because a lot of the places that I have been to during RW just make massive amounts of food with no love at all and it's not as good as the food would otherwise be.
The food at Rosa Blanca was sooooo good!!! Our waitress was Beth and she was completely accommodating and approachable. She checked up on us multiple times to make sure we were enjoying the food and the overall experience.
We enjoyed it so much that we made reservations for another visit after we had our first course!!!
Can't wait to come back.
FYI... we didn't bring our 1 year old because we didn't know what the ambiance would be like... but we saw tons of other families with their kids. Great family friendly place!!!Great location, atmosphere, and very friendly staff inside, they even let me sample milkshakes as I waited for my takeout. The Cubano was very reasonably priced, and worth ordering even as an appetizer to split. Tres leches cake was different than what I expected and a little unexpected but still pretty good.The food was okay, but we won't be going back. The juices and ginger beer were canned or bottled, which was pretty lame for Jose Garces. Fried items did not come out steaming hot.
With lots of open tables and reservation, they attempted to seat us along the back wall near the service station and we had to put up a fuss to be moved.
Expected a lot more quality. A bunch of shortcuts, probably in the name of costs.Even though we had a reservation, and the upstairs was almost empty, we were taken downstairs and placed in the far left corner.  I had the unpleasant feeling that I was just eating in someone's basement at the outcast table, instead of a restaurant.  My wife and i knew what we wanted, and the server kept trying to get us to order more food and the same with our drinks.  Although the food was good, eating in someone;s basement was not my idea of going out to dinner.  Finally, when we left, one of the servers upstairs practically pushed  my wife and I  aside in his rush to get some food.Ask for the complimentary bread. It is amazing. If you don't like it, take the sauce it comes with, scrape it into a container that you may or may not keep in your purse and then ask for more "bread" so you can get more sauce. Don't stop until you get enough sauce to create your own factory. 
This is one of those sauces that you freak out and keep telling your friends, "but seriously doe," and they just want to kill you because you cannot stop raving about the sauce, cutting off every chance they have to utter a thought. 
Sriracha Guava Paste. 
Also, the sandwiches are the most affordable items on the menu, and pack quite a punch. Yum! You know what they go great with? That sauce. I want to drown and gag in your guava paste, Rosa Blanca.This review is likely going to resonate what others have stated already, but I'll share my experience. I love the decor of this place. When I saw the diner-esque outside with the turquoise, my heart swelled. The pink booths, black and white flooring and old-fashioned fans were adorable, though the switch to traditional decor in the back is a little strange. 
The first thing that was a bummer was that I told the hostess that it was my friend's birthday and she said she would pass it along to the server. She obviously never did, and even when the server took his ID for his drink, she just said "I'm bad at math" and handed it back. Granted, probably some of them only look for the year, but still. No "happy birthday", no nothing. I would have even paid for a dessert if they put a candle in it and made him seem special, but they didn't do a single thing, which was a bummer in my opinion since this was his "birthday meal" that we were taking him out for. 
All the drinks were solid, including my mojito, and the appetizer guacamole is very good. There's pineapple in it and it's served with taro and plantain chips, which I really liked. The main course was just a bit of a letdown for everyone. Our server was extremely helpful in coming up with vegetarian options, and two of the people in our group got the lentil soup, which was decently good (but I have had amazing lentil soup before and have really high expectations). I split the Cubano and the huevos with my partner and they were both a little lackluster. For being a Cuban restaurant, you would think that this would be their speciality (they even have it in a yellow box on the menu!), but it was greasy and just okay, nothing special. That is exactly how I felt about the breakfast dish too (even though I liked that they serve breakfast all day). For the sassy level of the decor, the food just doesn't live up to it. 4 stars for decor, 3 stars for food, I knocked it down because they didn't care about my friend's birthday. I still want to try the empenadas and milkshakes, but I'm not sure when I'll be back.Came here after work on a Friday evening and I had probably one of the best dining experiences ever! 
Firstly I had the vaca frita for dinner though it was a breakfast meal it was amazing. The pickled onions were heavenly! Along with a jupita soda to top it off perfectly. The meal was 10x better because of the wonderful customer service I experienced. The manager, hostess, and barista were all welcoming and so very nice. My phone was dying and the hostess went to the back asked around and found me an iPhone 5 charger and charged my phone until it was about 30%. Can you say awesome? 
Overall great experience and I definitely will be back, with friends/family/acquaintances/etc.I've been to Cuba. My father is Cuban. I grew up on Cuban food. While the decor is lovely, and very reminiscent of my time in Cuba, the staff needs a whole lot of training, and the service left a whole lot to be desired. Cuban food is not made up of expensive ingredients..  so why such small portions that are so costly? What was Garces thinking? The meal was tasteless... I would not return. Very disappointing.Slow service and poorly executed food.  With so many other restaurants in philly, don't go here.  The soup was over salted to the point of being inedible and ceviche had no flavor and came with 3 tiny plantain chips- totally forgettable and not worth the price.  Even the black beans were subpar and watery.  The menu looked amazing but everything we tried was boring.  
It also took over 45 minutes to receive our food (we were the first of three tables there around 11 am and didn't receive any food until noon).  When the waiter asked if we wanted dessert, I told him we had waited so long for lunch that it just didn't make sense to wait any longer.  His reaction?   He said ok without any apology or acknowledgment.Overall, our evening at La Rosa Blanca was a very pleasurable experience. My boyfriend made a Saturday evening reservation to celebrate our anniversary. The staff were welcoming and even said, "Happy anniversary!" multiple times throughout the evening. 
We requested to be seated a booth in the back -- the ambiance was just right. The restaurant was mostly empty when we arrived but quickly filled up. It got slightly too loud to chat casually across the table, but the noise level wasn't deafening.
Our server was Josh. He was prompt, courteous, and extremely helpful with rum recommendations! He was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. We ordered a mojitio (excellent, not too sweet) and Zaya rum, which was mellow and golden, very smooth and an excellent compliment to some of the sharp flavors in the dishes. 
For starters, we ordered the guacamole (don't miss the smoked pineapple--to die for!) that came with yuca, taro, and plantain chips--a unique take on tortilla chips that added interest to the dish-- and the beef empanda. My boyfriend is from a Cuban family and wasn't impressed with the empanda, which was slightly dry. 
My entree was the fried pork shoulder, which was done nicely but a bit too fatty for me. The corn casserole was mushy and tasteless. My boyfriend's grilled skirt steak, however, was FANTASTIC. The chimichurri sauce was excellent, the meat tender and cooked to perfection, and fries hot and delicious. We ordered sides of black beans, fried plantains (tostones), sweet plantains (maduras), and fried yuca. The tostones were only average tasting and slightly cool by the time they got to our table, which detracted from their flavor. The maduras and black beans were good, but the yuca was what impressed me the most, particularly with the chipotle mayo dipping sauce. Wish I could have ordered a side of just that! 
Dessert was the flan and cafe Cubano. The flan was good, if a little small, but my boyfriend said his grandmother makes it better. :) The espresso was excellent. 
All in all, I enjoyed our dinner and would return here...I will just order a different entree.We had a group of 5 and no one was disappointed.  Everyone had a mojito to start and they were well made.  For apps, we had the shrimp ceviche, ham croquettes, and chicken empanadas.  The ham croquettes seemed to be the table favorite.  For the main, I had the Vaca Frita and it was great.  I also had the corn pudding which I thought was pretty good but was expecting it to be a little thicker (not sure if that thought was right or wrong). 
The service was attentive and friendly.
I will definitely be back for another meal.Opening day at Rosa Blanca. Really cool decor. Makes you feel like you are in Havana   In the 50's. So far so good with my first meal. Excellent green lentil soup with a nice smokey flavor. My. cubano sandwich is right out of Miami with delicious smoked pulled pork and crisp crunchy pressed bread. Can not wait to come back and try all the other goodies. Service very friendly for opening day.The food was super average.  The waitstaff horrible.  And it was the worst tres leches cake I have ever had in my life.  
I was not wowed by my first encounter with this restaurant but went back with friends who wanted to eat here.  The waiter was a jerk.  He swooped in and cleared my friend's cocktail when it was only half consumed.  When she pointed it out to him his response was, "It was empty."  Five of us sitting at the table saw her glass was half full.  He would have nothing of it and charged her full price.I've been for lunch once or twice and dinner once or twice. Once during restaurant week. The last time I was in the server recognized me and remembered where I sat! He even brought us extra Pan de Bono! 
At lunch I love the Palmas salad. It is light, but full of flavors and filling! This last time at dinner I tried one of the new empanadas, It was spinach and something wonderfully vegetarian. We always get the guac and plantains. My one friend comes here for the Ropa Vieja every time! It is very good. Last time I had the house specialty of the night arroz con pollo. My old puerto-rican coworker used to make this for me all the time. This dish was fantastic, huge and a little pricey, but worth it as I made 3-4 meals out of it and shared with 2 others. 
This is a good place to bring pescatarians as there are always two or three options they can pick, along with one or two options for vegetarians! 
On our last trip we tried the new dessert with tres leeches and flan. It was insane!My husband and i came here a few months ago. We did the tasting menu, oh....my....word.... best decision ever! We had so much food! I loved not knowing what was going to come out next, and everything was so delish!Our company held a holiday party last night at Rosa Blanca. They were wonderfully accommodating and really pulled out all the stops. In particular guests with special dietary needs, including tricky diets like IBS, left satisfied and happy. (Of course we gave them prior notice so they had a sporting chance to exceed expectations.)
In lieu of entrees we had a constant stream of small plates landing on the table. Toward the end of the end of the meal the pace picked up and watching food pop up on the table was a bit like a fireworks finale, in a good way.
We particularly enjoyed the prominence of plaintains in the menu.
The service was excellent, in the main. A few guests did wait longer than they should have for a drink or have a special appetizer prepared for their dietary needs swept away before they could fully enjoy it. But these were small hiccups in a generally high quality experience.
This restaurant is "good for groups" if you make a reservation in advance for your party to use the downstairs. The upstairs restaurant proper is in the mode of a Cuban diner, and I'm not sure how well it would accommodate a spontaneous party of ten.Came here during restaurant week and had a mixed experience.  I get the feeling that since they're still pretty new, they're still finding their way.  Parts of our meal were fantastic, while other parts were a bit lackluster but had potential. 
Pros: Desserts were the best part of the meal. We got the coconut tembleque and pineapple upside down cake, and both were surprisingly tasty.  The decor is really cute (like an upscale diner).  Also, random sides turned out to be very good (like the palm heart salad and the carrot escabeche that came with the lamb curry), which is why I think this could be a great restaurant with time, once they've come into their own and sorted out the details. 
Cons: Aside from the La Tormenta, drinks were pretty boring. The mains also didn't blow me away (fried pork shoulder, lamb curry) --they weren't bad, but also weren't particularly memorable.  In general, the meal felt more like a bunch of different foods thrown together rather than a cohesive whole.  Service seemed a little confused, but I'm sure that will get better with time.
As it stands right now, I'd do lunch here but probably not dinner.  However, I'd be willing to give dinner another shot again in 6 months or so, to see if they've smoothed out the rough edges.