Rose Tattoo has lots of charm. They have balcony tables with plants and mood lighting throughout. The service is top-notch and the food is terrific - crab cakes and jambalaya. Someone next to me once ordered the jambalaya and complained about it be too spicy, which I thought was ridiculous considering how it is not that spicy and is actually really good, but the server politely returned her entree in exchange for another - again, top-notch service. They also have classy desserts like a well-presented (and delicious) creme brulee. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It will be sure to impress if you're on a date.The food here is absolutely delicious. I had the salmon. Whatever crab meat sauce they put with it, it is to die for. Will definitely recommend this place!!The service was very good.  The food was good, and beautifully presented, but not melt-in-your-mouth fresh and did not justify the price.  It's a decent experience no doubt, but really there are so many good places to eat in Philly that give you a good plate of food and good service at a more reasonable price.  You actually have to ask the server for the "lite side" menu or you will only be presented with $20+ entrees at dinner.  I wouldn't choose it again.Picture it. Your fam's in town, you've got some unadventurous eaters on your hand, and you need a place that's good for catching up and fielding personal questions (sub visiting family with your boss or an acquaintance; and swap personal questions with small talk). Either way, this is your place. It's well decorated, with a veritable jungle of houseplants and a quiet atmosphere. The food is your standard American fare, and there's something on the menu for pretty much anyone. If you're headed to the Library, Barnes, or Art Museum, it's a nice spot for lunch or dinner, too.I was visiting Philadelphia for 2 days fir business and met some friends here for dinner. The place was beautiful, the service was professional and the food was terrific. We ordered the provolone for starters and were very satisfied. For the main course I ordered the rose tatoo pasta and was very pleased. Finally, I ordered the bread pudding for dessert. The only mistake of the evening was not saving enough room to comfortably devour the bread pudding. I was phenomenal! I suggest you go to the rose tattoo fir dinner and save room for dessert.Love love love this place!!  A little pricey but well worth it!!  My boyfriend and I occasionally dine here.  We frequent this restaurant because of the distinguish flavor of the salmon and the jambalaya!!! I recommend this place for every occasion!The crab cakes are absolutely delicious! 
Love the interior feels like a secret garden. 
Definitely recommendI agree with other Yelpers here---Don't let the OUTSIDE fool you.  The food (and ambience) on the INSIDE is spectacular. 
I ordered a medium/well burger that came out near perfect.  Meat was cooked exactly to order....fried (for people outside of Philly that's "sautéed") onions were sweet as candy and the French fries had a crispness and freshness that was delicious.  Only error on the kitchen/cooks part---the bottom bun was soggy.  That made it hard to grab/hold/eat.  It came apart easily.   Minor issue..that's easily corrected.
My date ordered the Fried Goat Cheese/Pistachio salad.  It was very good.
Our waitress was sharp, helpful and made our experience a good one.  (HINT:  ask for a table on the 2nd floor.  You will feel like you're having a clandestine meeting in the French Quarter)I have to say I was a bit skeptical with this going in. This place was chosen by my good friend and "master yelper" however I have severe food allergies and can't eat 99% of the menu at Rose Tattoo Cafe.
Twenty-five minutes after our reservation time we were seated, but, I'll start with saying that our server was absolutely delightful! He was pleasant and attentive. I was able to order something off the menu and have it cooked to my special request without hassle. I ordered the Salmon, which I must say, even though it was grilled plain, was absolutely delicious!
The only negative thing I could come up with was no free refills on sodas... but an extra $2 didn't seem like such a big deal after a delicious meal, delightful meal, and great atmosphere.I had just the loveliest dinner here catching up with a friend. Philly seems to have a great food scene, especially if Rose Tattoo is any sign. The menu options were diverse and fresh, attuned to modern palates (both large and small plate options), and easily mixed and matched.
I combined the mushroom bisque with the provolone, and was quite pleased. The mushroom bisque was creamy, there were lots of mushrooms, and tasted almost like it contained morels (??? unclear). I think you could make it a meal if you were willing to sop it up with bread, and not just eat the soup, and were not super hungry. The provolone was an open faced sandwich more or less, with a good balance of tomato, balsamic, and arugula -- and of course baked cheese. :) Together, it was a good amount of food. Both were well executed.
My friend had the goat cheese salad, which was good but not what I expected. The goat cheese was delivered as fried nuggets -- yum, only words, yum -- and the dressing was light. It was not a fruit-nut-cheese salad though, although the pistachios would have implied to me that there was going to be a sweet element to it. It was very good -- but don't expect that sweet element, it was not there.
The location is very close to Community College of Philadelphia, which was A+ for me. I also really enjoyed the atmosphere -- it was warm and cozy. Dark wood dominated, but not the kind of hipster dark wood that you see in places with sleek glass and right angles. It felt more like a romanticized version of a Game of Thrones-era bar.
I waffle between 3 and 4 stars for Rose Tattoo Cafe. Three stars, because the price was too high for what it was -- my mushroom bisque and provolone together cost $26, without alcohol, and there was not really that much food. Four stars, because there are lots of restaurants like this one that aspire to the same goals of cozy dark wood, low light, and a fire, with fresh solid food, and not many of them make it.
In the end, I was genuinely happy with my food. I'll go 4 this time.This place is a  neighborhood standard, and I've walked past it dozens of times. Finally, I came back to Philly for a visit and checked it out for lunch. I ordered the roasted beet salad, and the beets were all flattened and piled at the bottom of the plate. Everything else was A-OK, but not deserving of the rave reviews I'd heard. This restaurant seems to be something my grandmother would be into, if she liked so-so food.
On the other hand, the service was lovely.Unexpectedly expensive, but very good food.  They are known for their cream of mushroom soup, and now I know why--it's a bowl of heaven on earth!  The bartender knows how to mix up a good drink, to boot!
Love the "backyard patio" decor--very cozy and charming.I f'in love this place.  One of Philly's best kept secrets since it's not on the main drag of restaurants and clubs.  GREAT romantic date locay (he/she'll be impressed..."how did you FIND this place?!), just make sure to get a table in the "patio" area.  The main dining room is set up like an outdoor casita around the bar with green plants and flowers everywhere (making the winter seem miles away when you're eating.)  Make sure to call ahead since they have weird hours/days of operation.This place is amazing and completely different than what the exterior would lead you to thinkAwesome, simply awesome.  As you take a look at the outside of this restaurant, please do not be fooled one bit.  Take an extra step inside this place and trust me, you'll enjoy the food and laid back atmosphere.
To start, we had the spicy marinara mussels, seared provolone (which I will go into details), and shittake and veggie spring rolls.  To be honest, the apps took a little longer than I had expected to arrive, but well worth the wait.  The mussels were done well, not overcooked and the spicy marinara sauce was delicious.  At the end, use the bread a sponge and soak up the goodness, use a straw if you want.  Seared provolone?  What in the world?  Get it!  The nicely thicker cut of provolone is seared, sits on top of grilled tomatoes, then ciabatta bread.  All of this then on baby arugula and some wonderful aged balsamic.  I couldn't find anything wrong with this dish, the flavors all blended so well together.  The spring rolls were ordinary, still good though.  The spicy mustard it came with has a very nice kick to it, clear out your sinuses.
For my entree, I got the chef's special, which was a veal chop, stuffed with gooey mozzarella, sitting on a bed of pasta, sun-dried tomatoes, and some amazing sauce.  I can't even describe the sauce, but I want to say it's a tomato and cream sauce mixture, very good though.  One of my companions had the "baby" back ribs.  The ribs are not baby, they're HUGE, two can easily share this plate (but they get you $3 if you share, so beware).  The ribs weren't so tender and the sauce was decent.  It has a slight kick to it though, great touch.
When you walk in, you see their dessert fridge.  Sitting there, which caught my attention was the pecan pie, so I ordered this for the finale.  I was disappointed as there were way too many pecans.  That's all I could taste and a tad bit of the crust.  The taste of it wasn't all that.  However, their vanilla ice cream, touched with some caramel sauce was good.  I also tasted some of their apple cinnamon cake, which was also okay, not that great.
Overall, great appetizers and entrees, VERY well done.  This place is a solid 4-star restaurant.  Service on the food was a tad slow for the apps, but there were other tables around us though which sat just before us, so I can understand.  Table service was good, as our server stopped by to refill our cups, came by to ask for second rounds and checked back on us a few times.  If you're in the area for business, yet alone a local, I recommend this place.Food here is wonderful. A great menu. Many things to choose from. The only downfall is the bill adds up quick. Other than that, I am excited about going back.Excellent food and service for a 50th anniversary celebration. Scott anticipated our needs and delivered exceptional service.  We WILL be back!I love the servers and bartenders at Rose Tattoo. Granted, I haven't met all of them, but those who I did meet were peaches. Other things I love about this restaurant: the fries (best I've ever had!), ambience (so cozy!), and the contrast from outside to in (so unexpected!)Old school charm and excellent food!  I have been here several times and have never been disappointed.  Always different seasonal options available.  We had 4 distinctly different dishes that were all tasty.  All homemade deserts were tough to say no to and we definitely left some behind, but not because they were bad.  Would definitely go back.Drinks and Dinner with local family and friends in the Museum District. Unassuming exterior. The interior is nicely appointed and spacious. We ate upstairs in the back dining area. The food was delicious. Nice selection of local brews on tap.Over the past two decades I have been to the Rose Tattoo dozens of times with many friends and acquaintances.  I have never had a meal that was less than fantastic.
Most recently, I had a delightfully spicy bowl of Manhattan clam chowder and a bowl of house made pasta with a sausage bolognese sauce.  The appetizer size was certainly large enough for a meal.  Others at the table had the always delicious mussels and the outstanding jambalaya.
The bar is also a great place to grab a glass of wine and enjoy a quiet moment under the hanging garden.Agree with Bill M and Robyn H that the crab cakes are divine.  The seasoning is very flavorful and they are full of lump crabmeat, not just filler.  The four cheese tortellini is also a good, comforting option; the pasta is tender and the parmesan cream sauce was just rich enough without being overly so.  The appetizer size is usually enough to feed 1.  But the espresso and chocolate torte is just death by chocolate.  It's good but split it with a friend because it is an explosion of chocolate.Came here for my birthday this past Saturday, and was NOT disappointed at all! It is a gorgeous place inside, the food was phenomenal, and our waiter was top notch. He even played bartender for us upstairs. There was 12 of us, and he didn't even blink an eye , and all our food came out in a timely manner, and was not cold! I will definitely go here again!The food looked thrown together, it was not very appetizing either. I have dined at way better places. The prices here did not match the quality of food. 
I had pasta, which was overcooked.
A friend of mine had crab cakes, over corn chowder, the crab cooks were okay, however the corn chowder was "can soup" type.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday, and I was very impressed. I had the Salmon, and it was soooo good! It came with crab meat and asparagus in a cream sauce! Their "rose tattoo" drink is delicious as well!Always great food year after year. Salads and homemade deserts.. a winner! Great ambiance and varied menu. Been here years and there's a reasonI went for lunch today (Friday). Upon entering, my friend and I were puzzled on what to do. We stood in the reception area, waiting to be seated, finally deciding to seat ourselves. We sat, yet still waiting to be served. A man walked by finally, asking if he can help us. (We're at about 10+ minutes after entering and sure, we would like to eat lunch).
Another waitress came over, to say she'd be right with us. Meanwhile, she went behind the bar to take the orders of a pair that sat down moments ago.
Fast forward to the food portion (service is understood as measly, at best, at this point). The wings were great- crisp, spicy, with fresh blue cheese. But $12 seemed a bit much looking back for the 8-10 wings. Entrees: jambalaya and Texas chainsaw chili, which we learned are two favorites of customers... no and no. A rubbery, tasteless jambalaya and a chili drowned in cinnamon. 
We heard good things about the dessert, so decided to give them another shot. But a dry, brownie with macadamia nuts and ice cream, did not pull through.
Even with taking the entrees off, it was an expensive mistake ($50+ for 1 appetizer, 2 drinks, and dessert).
With all the good reviews, I'm not sure what we missed.Disappointed. Given the strong reviews we were expecting solid dishes. We ordered 4 small plates for two people. Portions were good. Lamb chops were excellent. Spring rolls were lukewarm and a bit soggy. Ravioli had crunchy mushrooms and sauce with little seasoning. Small pizza had bread like crust rather than a crisp pizza crust. 
Strong wine list provided a nice Willamette Pinot noir.My family and I decided upon this restaurant after my sisters graduation.  We heard the décor was great and the food was awesome too. Upon entering, we were greeted by a very friendly host. The décor in the main eating area was very pretty. It reminded me of the French quarter in New Orleans. However, the food was less than impressive. I ordered the Salmon with shrimp and crabmeat. The salmon was dry and lacked flavor as well as the shrimp and crabmeat. My mother hated her jambalaya and my sister didn't care for her food either. The upside were the drinks and the service. We had great drinks and our waitress was polite and knowledgeable.  The food just wasn't good and it lacked flavor.  I wanted to like this place, but I will never return. Afterwards, I left and stopped to get a sandwich from WholeFoods up the block.We have enjoyed eating here dozens of times but the consistency of great food is amazing we have ate here enough that you would think one time would not be great but no never the head chef must be very involved in every meal because it NEVER disappointed love itNeat spot to checkout! Definitely worth popping in for a drink. The food was tastey; however, I would give it a 3 at most. The cocktails were not very good, but they did have a wonderful wine list. I would recommend getting the sparkling wine from France which was very good!Probably the best caesar salad I've had in a very long time.  Cute place, nice staff, very good food -- great for a meal after a visit to the Art Museum.The house chips and goat cheese dip were a great start to the experience. I would really recommend the spring rolls as well!Did not expect this place to be as cute as it is when you walk in.  Very romantic: iron-wrought ledges and a rainforest of plants around the bar with cute little lights- feels like you're outside somewhere in Europe, not inside on a freezing Philly night.
The fried calamari, though on every menu in the city, was SOOOO good. Definitely the best I ever had. Very succulent and crispy and served with three flavorful dipping sauces, one of which is saffron yogurt.
My boyfriend got the jambalaya and though he didn't eat the giant, torched green pepper garnish on his plate, he was extremely pleased with his choice.  I tried some and it was spicy, but not to the point of ruining the dish and the portion and amount of seafood in it was surprising. Very delicious.
I got the catch of the day, which that night was striped sea bass with yukon whipped potatoes and spinach.  While the fish WAS cooked absolutely perfect, it was too bland for my liking and there wasn't enough of the brown butter sauce it was served in. The potatoes were creamy and the spinach was texturally sound, but overall, it was a bit underwhelming in flavor.  That's why it loses a star.  Next time, I'll definitely go with my gut choice which was the scallops because everyone seems to talk so highly of them.
We got coffees (that came in adorable cappuccino mugs) and a delicious apple/cranberry oatmeal crisp with ice cream for dessert.
With two alcoholic beverages, plus the whole meal and tip, it came to about $120-ish, which was worth it considering the excellent service and romantic atmosphere.
Will definitely be back here again, maybe just for that delicious fried calamari.My train from Philly back to New York was delayed an hour or two, so I decided to look on yelp for a good place to eat in the museum district (close to station). Rose Tattoo was one of the first to come up and boy was it good! The Chicken Caesar is one of the freshest tasting salads I've ever had and the BBQ Pork Chops were the bomb.com. The server was also really cool. If you are ever in Philly, this is the spot.Very average fair. Service and treatment y staff excellent. Relaxin ambience but very average fareVery happy with the food and service. Not cheap but worth it IMHO. Excellent choice of beer.  Would do it again.Ambiance was nice. Our waitress was attentive as well, but the food took over 45 minutes to arrive. We ordered a salad (which came fast) and the filet and mushroom raviolis. Filet and raviolis weren't great, extremely bland. No seasoning or flavor what so ever. We had high hopes, but sadly we were disappointed.Four of us arrived here for lunch were greeted by a pleasant, accomodating hostess who gave us a choice of tables where we could be seated. With an abundance of plant material the restaurant is warm and welcoming. Our server soon arrived to explain the day's specials together with their price. Throughout our visit he was pleasant and friendly, yet professional. The somewhat slow service didn't really bother us because we were enjoying each others company and just kept chattering away! For appetizers the Manhatten clam chowder and the mushroom soup were delicious with an abundance of clams in the chowder and rich, not starchy soup. Neither were overly salted. For entrees the beet salad, crab gratin, and jambalaya were prepared with flavorful, fresh ingredients that were nicely presented, though the jambalaya was on the verge of being too spicy. But one has to recognize that this diner tends to be a food wimp! If there was an exception to our favorable experience the chicken in a brioche was flavorful but dry. It was accompanied with perfectly prepared fries. We left here feeling satisfied and will certainly return. PS: The deserts look scrumptiousIt took me some time to think of the right thing to say about Rose Tattoo Cafe. At the end of the day I give it a 3 star because it is a very good restaurant, but rather average. There isn't any sense of excitement which leads me to believe its different from one of many quaint places in other cities. It is in a phrase: "Uniquely Similar". 
I had the Jumbalaya and my wife the Scallop platter. The dishes were well seasoned, and plentiful to a degree. Yet it did not have the amazing flavors I had been lead to believe. I would recommend this place as a once in a while place, but not a consistent restaurant of visit.OMG I had dinner at Rose Tattoo with a friend yesterday evening. During our conversation I noticed a rat hopping along the staircase. I was in complete shock because this is some where I frequent. Well let's say I won't be going back! Yikes!!!!Food was good; service impeccable (ask for Scott). And we sat in the balcony area overlooking the jungle of plants below that the owner lovingly cares for. Plus location, location, location -- really near the Barnes, which we visited.Was in Philly with my girlfriend for a weekend getaway, and chose to eat at Rose Tattoo Cafe after seeing other reviews raving about it. I booked a reservation for 7:15. We got there at 7 and were seated right away. The atmosphere was amazing. The plants all over the place made it feel like we were eating in a greenhouse or something. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was outstanding. I would definitely recommend this place, especially for a date destination. Great place!Great ambiance.  Cozy, quiet.  Food, drinks and service are always excellent.  And dessert!?!?... I recommend them all!  YUM!The salmon is pretty amazing. Go, try it, dream about it for a week. :) I can't wait to go back!!A true hidden Jem in Philly. The food is considered New American with A New Orleans twist. Some dished are spicy others are not. Everything I have had is great. The building doesnt look like much from the outside but inside is a different world. I really like the seating up top overlooking the bar and the server Scott that works up their. Do yourself a favor and try them next time you want a moderate priced meal done really well.Was told by a friend to eat there since we were in the area for the art museum. We were sat right away (party of 5 around 5 on a wednesday) and the place was empty. Right when you walk in you are introduced to their awesome desserts they have for the day. All looked amazing (especially the lemon meringue cheese cake that I took home). 
So they bring out bread to start and it is okay, nothing super special. We all ordered some calamari to share and it was a delight. Seasoned great and the dipping sauces were amazing that came with it. A garlic butter, some sort of spicy marinara style sauce, and not sure what the other was, but all were very good. I had the roasted chicken with twice baked potatoes for my entree. The chicken was a very good size and was moist and seasoned well. The potato had a nice crisp on the top and the vegetables served with were grilled nicely. 
Our server was attentive and a joy, however one of the people who assisted with running our food was not so pleasant. 
Please be advised that they DO NOT SPLIT CHECKS. We needed just one person split off and they weren't able to do it, but our server did offer to help us split it up amongst ourselves and pay as needed with various cards/cash (which we didn't ask for him to do, but it was offered). 
I would suggest it to others eating out in that area. It does have a romantic ambiance so I think it would be good for a date night.I came here last night with my boyfriend. I decided on this out of two other places I've never been to. I decided on this one because I wanted to refresh my recollection on my first experience here about a year and a half ago.  
First, I set a reservation which was honored within a few minutes of arrival. The manager said hello. I asked to be seated where there wasn't too much chatter. I forgot they had an upstairs so I neglected to ask about it. 
We were seated and told the specials. However, I could hardly hear him because other patrons were talking loudly. When he came back, my bf had to ask him to repeat the specials, the waiter seemed slightly agitated. Just so readers know, I'm a student stenographer who currently writes @ 225 wpm. I know what agitated sounds like. I know it was busy, but I could pick up that he was rushing around a bit. But he was still good overall. 
I was disappointed with the bread because it was cold & hard. Warm & soft is better for me. But I used it to sop up my four cheese tortellini. Very good. My bf had fish, potatoes, & string beans. He was satisfied. But deep down I know he probably wanted Turkish food. Plus he cooks & he knows great food. Water was refilled promptly, too.  
But overall, I remember being really happy with my first experience here. It was quiet & intimate, and I remember the waiter was nicer. And maybe more people found out about it so it was a lot noisier and busy. Parking around here was slightly easy, prices are a little high, decor was nice, space was small -- bumped into the guy behind me and we were seated there first. So it was okay, not memorable like the first time. I'll probably go back in two years. Safe to go and enjoy.I went to the Rose Tattoo for the first time this evening, and I loved it. Good food, good ale, but excellent service. The server was just excellent through and through--she made great recommendations, she was attentive but not intrusive, and she was very sweet-natured. I enjoyed the food, the beer, the ambiance, and the service (did I mention how good she was?)--I would love to become a regular here! It's a great place, and really convenient to places like the Library and the Rodin Museum.Good food and service in an interesting atmosphere with lots of history.The ambiance is nice and a little quirky. The service is always good (at least in my experience) and the food is good although can be kind of hit or miss. The BBQ shrimp app is good and has a little kick. The jambalaya is ok but overpriced. The jambalaya at Khyber Pass is much better. The filet is good and cooked to temp-mid-rare. The gaucho steak is flavorful and filling. The price points are high so be prepared.Great Jambalaya!  Nice bar and a cool N'awlins atmosphere...After viewing the Terra Cotta Chinese warrior exhibit at the Franklin Institute (well worth your time IMHO) we found ourselves seeking a late lunch within walking distance of the Institute.  The Rose Tattoo cafe not only filled the bill with being convenient, but the light lunch offerings were delightful and completed a splendid visit.  Ordering from the light fare menu, our choices of Crab Au Gratin, Grilled Baby Lamb chops served with rosemary polenta and goat cheese mousse and Tattoo pasta - a  pappardelle tossed in a bolognese of sausage, short ribs and cremini mushrooms were each outstanding.  The tavern's ambience was rich and inviting with our server attentive and absolutely efficient.  Needless to say, we will be returning on our next visit to the Art Museum area of Philadelphia.When I first walked in, I was slightly confused because the restaurant splits into two different ambiences. To the right, it look more causal dining and the left, was more like a outdoor cafe. We choose the left because it had a lot of natural lighting from the sun roof. The decor was beautiful and they have seating upstairs. It kind of feel like I was eating outside without having to especially because it's winter. 
The server was very attentive and friendly. Immediately as we sat down, he greeted us. He was very knowledgable about the menu and told us about the specials right away. 
The food was so-so, a little over priced, and kind of tasted like diner food. The jambalaya was warm and delicious. However, the  crab cake sandwich just sort of tasted like a frozen crab cake deep fried. Just a personal preference, I didn't like my hot coffee in a clear tall glass mug, would of preferred a ceramic one instead. 
Overall, the restaurant is very spacious and interior design is beautiful. It probably would be a nice place to go for drink after work. I also wouldn't mind returning for restaurant week here.I live nearby and frequently dine here. The food is consistently delicious, although the service is usually average or below. This is a good choice if you are in no rush. The bread pudding is one of Philadelphia's best.Came here for dinner with a few friends who heard about this place through their friends. Ordered the Filet Mignon Medallions and had a great steak for a fair price. Atmosphere is very relaxing. Parking is not too bad as there was a lot of street parking. Kept it on our list of places to return to.We all enjoyed our dinners, food was great! Only neg was the service was extremely slow. Atmosphere is a bit dated but has great character.If you read any negative reviews about this place IGNORE THEM. This place has a DELICIOUS menu and the atmosphere is amazing. If your going just for lunch or dinner I recommend you ask for balcony seating. I took my girlfriend here for our first date and for Valentine's Day as well. I have never been disappointed, we just went there a couple weeks ago and I tried the salmon for the first time ( I usually get steak) and I was blown away. All of their menu items and deserts are rich and delicious. You can tell the cook takes their time on the presentation as well. This is my favorite hidden gem in the city. Great food and great vibes all around. Ignore any cranky people helping bad reviews! This place is perfect for a date night!For older folks, this is a fun place. It's really a throw back to the popular culinary trends from the early 90's.  It's a good little romantic spot, a bit worn around the edges,which lends it a shabby-chic aesthetic. 
It's not a great dining experience, but it's reliable. The jambalaya is good, especially for a place so far from New Orleans.Food okay. Service slow. Only 2 waitresses, and only one of them had any clue as to what was going on. Cute place, could have potential. Waitress offered us a potato and leek soup, which we ordered. No potato and leek soup. We were brought gazpacho by the waitress who had a clue.It's embarrassing to admit as a local that I've only been to the Rose Tattoo less than a handful of times, but the bill is what keeps me from patronizing this more.
Between two people, you can easily spend over $100 for dinner, but it's well worth every single penny.  (Although, on the same hand, that's not bad considering that price includes appetizers, entrees, desserts, drinks, and coffee, whereas other places can charge twice and three times the amount you'd spend here.)
Absolutely anything and everything you order from here is exquisite, mouth watering, and presented so well that you can feel borderline bad for disturbing such a beautiful presentation.
I honestly cannot recommend any one particular appetizer, entree, or dessert because they are all good.  In all seriousness, there is no other restaurant that I can say that about.  That's how GOOD this place is!
I first came here in 2004 and everything was top notch then.  Time has done nothing but improve these people.Great place with great food and good service.  The presentation of food at Rose Tattoo Cafe is gorgeous.  All of the platters that come out of the kitchen look like works of art. The portions are generous and the prices are fair. Another plus is that the kitchen is open until 10:00. A great date is Rose Tattoo Cafe followed by a night at the Barnes or vice versa.Nice, quaint place.  Food is excellent.  Had mussels and a salad for dinner.  Both were excellent and portions were good.  Highly recommend.My husband and I had a delicious Valentine's dinner at Rose Tattoo!!  The food was fabulous and the service was perfect. From our entrees to our dessert, it was wonderful.  My steak was cooked perfectly, the twice baked potato was delicious and the vegetable with hollandaise sauce, perfect.  My husband's chicken with risotto was cooked just right, which he enjoyed from start to finish.  Our shared dessert of the lemon curd homemade cheesecake was divine.  The atmosphere is serene and intimate.  Overall, excellent meal!I came here for dinner with my boyfriend on Saturday night. I made a reservation through open table and requested the balcony seating. When we arrived we were seated right away in the balcony area. I thought there was a very romantic ambiance. The waitress and all the staff were very nice and kind. My boyfriend ordered the jambalaya - it was packed with a lot of meat and seafood and he said it had a good amount of heat to it. I ordered the grilled salmon. I don't eat shellfish so unfortunately could not eat the the shrimp or crab meat which came with the salmon. I also therefore couldnt have the sauce for the salmon (the crab meat was in the sauce) so my plate looked a little bland. The salmon was good. Overall 3.5 stars.My friend and I walked to the Rose Tattoo right after we had checked in to a nearby hotel...we were starving.
First, try the Rose Tattoo martini--I'm a plain, dry martini type of gal, but this martini changed my mind: Grey Goose pear, St. Germain, lemon, lime, champagne. Absolutely delicious and very dry (I asked for very little St. Germain), so much so a second could not be resisted. 
Second, we had the mussels as an appetizer with the white wine-garlic sauce, also expertly prepared with a perfect amount of garlic.
Next, we both had the dinner special was a grilled char with a raw julienne salad. Very tasty. I could have skipped the large fried shrimp wonton purse, however.
Finally, two desserts. I had a pear tart and my friend had the pumpkin cream brûlée; both delicious to the last bite.
The total bill was $70 each with tax. Exactly what I would expect to pay at this type place with two drinks, a shared appetizer, two entrees, and two desserts.Rose Tattoo was the first place we went to eat upon getting to Philly for our conference. It's a quaint little spot with a delicious and varied menu. 
For appetizers we got the calamari, the egg roll, and the special, which was a flat bread with mushrooms, prosciutto and a few other things. 
The calamari came with chipotle tomato salsa, remoulade and garlic lemon basil aioli. The salsas were yummy, but the lemon basil was very strong and not my favorite. The calamari was fresh and tender with a not-so-overpowering breading. 
The egg rolls were also good, as was the pizza. I really enjoyed the mushrooms and truffle flavors in both dishes. I also forgot that someone had the Manhattan clam chowder. It came in a very small cup but he said it was good. 
For dinner I had the four cheese tortellini. It was really good with four generously sized tortellini (for the appetizer portion). It had a cream sauce that was delicious. I think my only... observation (?) is that there were large chunks of parmesan in the sauce, which texture wise was a little strange. And it was so thick that you could have eaten it with a spoon. Still yummy though. 
My partner had the mushroom ravioli and it was also very good. He loves mushrooms almost as much as SPG and he'd recommend it. 
For dessert we tried the creme brûlée, the crumble, the carrot cake and the apple cake. 
The creme brûlée was interesting because in my experience, you have to use a decent amount of force to break the sugar on top but this was a very thin layer. It was also more like a thick and stable pudding than what I was anticipating. 
The crumble was really good, at least the crumble part. When we finally got to the fruit it was a little strange because pears and cranberries aren't something I'd typically put together but it kind of worked. 
The apple cake was not my favorite texture wise as it had chunks of apple baked into it and that was a bit strange. I wish they'd been smaller pieces so it wasn't such a contrast between textures. 
The carrot cake was really good - and I loved the cream cheese frosting. Very moist. 
We thought it was kind of cool they hand wrote the check for you but at the bottom it said "dessert" and $33 so it was challenging to figure out who owed what. 
I'd love to go back here next time we're in Philly!Cool little spot
Great drinks
Get the mushroom bisque - worth the tripMy first time in Philadelphia and I wish I can go back more often. I guess anything outside of Staten Island is a whole new exciting wold! My boyfriend found this place on YELP and from the pictures and the decor from inside especially the vines that hang from the ceiling off the balcony I defiantly wanted to try it out. What can I say I'm a hopeless romantic! Right up my alley.
We made reservations and enjoyed the nice fall night walking to the restaurant and got to do some tourist sight seeing and take some great pictures too which annoyed my boyfriend a bit because all thats on his mind is FOOD but then again he had some señor Patron in him so he wasn't that bad plus he held my hand so thats always a plus!
We finally got there and the hostess was very nice, we had to wait a little for an available table but we got to enjoy a nice glass of red wine and we got seated right by the balcony overseeing the bar! LOTS OF GREENS haha meaning the vines. It was really nice, dim lights, candle lights, couples and not very loud talking which was nice. The waiter was nice and helpful. Didn't take us long to order and we started off with just a salad and bread, then I ordered the baby back ribs and my boyfriend ordered the gaucho steak and we also had a nice fine bottle of red malbec wine. 
My boyfriend loved the steak! He loved all the different types of spices and flavors the veggies in it and ate it all like a good big boy. I enjoyed my huge platter of baby back ribs, the sauce was really good it was a lot, I didn't get to finish it all but it was really good and I even took home a doggy bag to the hotel which came in handy for a nice fulfilling bold breakfast haha. The wine was great and overall had a good experience and good dining at this restaurant, I suggest this place for couples and some nice intimate atmosphere. The prices aren't too bad but the food is really good and worth it and even the wine. 
I want to go back to Philly soon and try more new places cause it seems they have a lot more going on over there otherwise than the famous "philly cheesesteak" even though you shouldn't miss out on that but theres a lot more places to eat, visit, drink & even that nice romantic tourist walk with the significant other around the city shouldn't be something to pass up on!If you never seen or been here before, it doesn't look like much from the outside, although it will catch your attention.  The GF and I have been wanting to eat at this place for a while now and finally did this past weekend.  
We started with the crispy calamari and shrimp.  This starter plate was delicious especially when dipped in the medley of sauces provided.  
For the main course, we ordered the Salmon and the Gaucho Steak.  I had the Steak and ordered it medium rare.  To my disappointment, it came out completely well done.  I mentioned it to the waitress and she was very apologetic and offered to bring me another steak.  I personally hate to waste food so I opted to keep the steak and ate it anyways.  
I also had some of the Salmon which came with jumbo lumped crabmeat and jumbo shrimp.  Everything tasted great until we noticed that the shrimp had not been deveined.  I think to some that would be kind of gross.  Other than that, it was a very tasty dish.    
Finally, we finished off with their chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream.  What a great way to finish the meal.   
Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience other than the food mishaps.  The service was pretty good, but not as spectacular as the other gleaming reviews I've seen on here.  However, our waitress did something very unexpected.  She removed my steak entree from the bill.  Completely unnecessary since she offered to give me another steak.  I'm used to restaurants offering to give a free dessert or something, but not completely remove the entree.  We were very appreciative at the end of the meal.  Definitely want to go back again as the menu looks great.We went there today for a nice dinner. Dinner was great but the power went out and we were paying with card. They took down my credit card info and expected me to "trust them" and now o have to call back later to remind them to rip up the paper. This is crazy. They offered no discount and even asked my boyfriend if he could go walk in the rain and find an atm. So unprofessional and now I'm freaking out about my card info. I will never go there againI brought my family here for a pre-Mother's Day dinner and had a fabulous meal.  I find it difficult to bring my grandmother and mother to any restaurant, as they are very picky, but we all loved our meals.  My grandfather even recognized the rose tattoo movie poster as a movie from the 50s.  The ambiance is charming, the servers were very attentive and the desserts are to die for.  The mushroom soup was delicious as always.  The baby back rips were tender, flavorful and came with a huge portion.  The rose tattoo pasta was a huge hit.  We were all in awe on how large the shrimp were with the pasta and salmon dishes.  The quality of the food was on par with the pricing.  All and all a very memorable meal!Food was mediocre. Overpriced for what you get. Menu is straight out of 1987-all things that were popular in the 80s. Service was decent and accommodating. Could be a really cute atmosphere but it just feels totally dated and smells stale. Wouldn't recommend it with so many other places to eat in Philly.Good, Louisiana-influenced food; pretty decor; fairly quiet on a summer Saturday night.What a great restaurant! It is walking distance from the Barnes Foundation and the Free Library. 
My friends and I had a late lunch so we were seated right away. Our waitress was friendly and service was very good. 
I had the Mango Gazpacho and the dialy special flatbread. Both were excellent with fresh ingredients and a bit of spicy bite. My friends had a variety of dishes - the salmon, a salad, and a chicken sandwitch. All were well prepared and very tasety. 
It is a unique place with charming New Orleans decore. I would definately come back again next time I am in the area.Been to Rose Tattoo once, the inside was quite adorable! I went on a weeknight, so it was very quiet and not too crowded. Service was attentive & friendly, and the food was down-to-earth and well prepared. But it was hard to concentrate on the food because the first thing you see as you walk in the door is the dessert case, and it'll be on your mind for the entire meal. Do yourself a favor and give in to the temptation of ordering dessert. You won't be disappointed! (I actually went back for dessert take-outs...that's how good they were~)very romantic!!
I went on a date with my boyfriend for one of our monthly anniversaries.  I had the jambalaya: it was super good! they have a pretty good wine list too.  the desert is by far the best part!!!! so delicious!!!  
the decor is super cute faux french outdoor cafe.
if you are looking for a reasonable place to go on a date, rose tattoo is perfect.Doesn't look like much from the outside but very nice once you get inside. The appetizers are pretty big - usually the wife and I will just split one - our definite favorite being the crab napoleon. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the pork chops here! It's definitely the best pork chop I've ever had (and I love pork chops!!!) My only complaint is that one time I went and ordered a soda and two refills - and I was charged for 3 sodas! I've never had that happen to me anywhere. The rest of our dinner was great so I wasn't going to squabble over a few bucks, but it did definitely seem a bit ridiculous. (usually we order a bottle of wine with dinner so I'm not sure if this is the norm here or if it was just our waitress???)  But I'll definitely keep going back...did i mention the pork chops? :)I just went to the Rose Tattoo last night with my boyfriend.   Overall, I really enjoyed my experience!  Some notes:
Service was really good.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  Refilled our waters without asking.  Even a bus boy came by because he noticed our water was low.  
Food was good.  We shared the pulled pork tacos, which were decent, but felt a little out of place on the menu.  I had the roasted half chicken with apple and sage stuffing.  The presentation was lacking, but despite that, my food was delicious.  The flavor was just to die for.  I had coffee creme brûlée for dessert and again, to die for.  I could eat that for three meals a day.  My boyfriend had the gaucho steak and loved it.  I tasted it and also enjoyed it.
Atmosphere was quaint and romantic, which is exactly what we wanted.  However, I really can't get past the forest of fake plants decorating the veranda.  EXTREMELY, extremely tacky.  That's honestly why I can't give this place a five stars, because of how horribly those plants affected the ambience.
Would I recommended Rose Tattoo? Sure.  Good food, good service, decent prices.  Good spot for a romantic dinner!Father's Day dinner at this restaurant. The atmosphere was great, the lighting beautiful and our waiter was great. The appetizers we selected was mussels in marinara sauce( the sauce was very thin and bland), my boyfriend had a bisque which was very good.For dinner I had a veal tenderloin over was spinach, bacon and portabello mushroom and my boyfriend had the Salmon Chardonnay Lemon Beurre Blanc, Jumbo Lump Crabmeat, Sauteed Asparagus. I really wanted a great dessert afterwards, but the dessert menu was a tad skimpy.