I've been to several Roy's, including the one in Hawaii.  Overall, I think this is a nice place to go for entertaining your parents when they're visiting.  It's grown-up, not too trendy or flashy but with solid, upscale decor.  They have a pretty good wine list which my parents appreciate.  The food is always very good and prices are pretty reasonable for everything you get.  The service also is always professional.  Just make sure you make reservations.  I think it's got a solid following and it always stays pretty full.  I guess they've got a good formula.I threw a surprise birthday party for my husband last weekend and I must say that Shawn the Director of Catering made sure that everything turned out perfect. My guests commented on the great service they received from the moment they walked in the door to the great food.  I recommend Roys for private events, they will work within your budget and give you great service.Just went here tonight and it was wonderful. Definitely a bit more upscale decor than Hawaii (the one on the Big Island) but hey - it's downtown Philly. All the other reviews tell it like it is - a wonderful place!
A few things - plenty of downtown garages in the area but we easily found street parking @ 6:30pm (watch yer signs), the service was excellent (but what else would you expect from a place of this caliber?), and the food tasted great (though un-inspiring).
Beautiful look w/ it's high ceilings, big windows, wide range menu, and wine selection - it's a sure fire date pleaser, so bring her there.Even better the second time around. Tried their new prix fixe menu with the vietnamese meatballs as an appetizer while my husband and friend had the kobe beef carpaccio. All very good. Then we did the beef short rib....very tender and melts in your mouth. Of course we ended with the choc souffle which was just as orgasmic as I remembered. I was tempted to try the pumpkin mousse but why miss out on the choc souffle. The great thing about the night was that it was my friend's first night in Philly and we were talking so much we didn't realize our entree took almost an hour to get to us. The waitress apologized and the manager came to our table and said he could take off a discount off our bill. I was like well we already got the prix frixe why don't we get some drinks instead?? He offered us 2 free drinks each = total 6 and boy were we happy campers. That made our night and the food was to die for :) Can't wait for next season's prix fixe menu.This restaurant is the epitome of hawaiian fusion at its best. The best part is that you don't even have to put a huge dent in your wallet. They offer a prix fixe menu of 30 dollars where you can order an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I highly recommend the Canoe, which is like an appetizer sampler. The Macadamia nut mahi mahi was superb, and the chocolate cake is a dessert to DIE for. If you want great seafood at a great price, this is a place to check out.This place is amazing. When you enter the restaurant has an open kitchen and very tall ceilings. From the minute you enter, the service it impeccable. The hostess dropped the napkin before she put it on my husband's lap and instead of using it again, she got a clean napkin instead. Our waiter was amazingly polite and had great recommendations.  He informed us that when we leave we can get the recipe for the Hawaiian martini on the way out. We had the pre fixe menu. The food was absolutely amazing. We had the shrimp and ahi tuna appetizers. The kobe beef meatloaf was SOOO lean and good. And of course to finish off this awesome meal we had the chocolate souffle, which also they provided a recipe card at the end. I can't wait to see what the next season's pre fixe menu is. I am going to bring my mom and my friends here whenever they visit. This is my new favorite!The service was great, but they can maybe be a little more attentive.
Get the Prix Fixe if you're looking to have a good deal. It comes with a choice of an appetizer, entree and dessert.
The boyfriend and I solely got that because we wanted the Chocolate Souffle :).
We also had an order of the Grilled 14oz Bone-In Pork Chop. I didn't like it as much... It was way too salty for my taste.
For the Prix Fixe, we decided on the Kobe Beef Carpaccio. It was delicious. Highly recommended: the boyfriend who never had raw beef before loved it. The taste is distinct and it looked pretty and appetizing~
The Braised Beef Short Ribs were so-so. At first, the tenderness is mouth-watering... and then, it got to be really dry. It was also annoying because the meat were kind of falling off, but it was still stuck to it. Booo. But of course, this was a lot better than the pork chop. Mr. Boyfriend agreed.
The Chocolate Souffle was really mouth-watering. The ice cream and mixture of the hot chocolate was a great combination. Then... after slowly eating it, the chocolate was too much for me. I advise you to share it with another person, unless you really enjoy chocolate that much. I think sharing it between three people would actually work as well... So much chocolate!
Overall, a good experience. The atmosphere was nice and we had a good time :).
-Enjoy.The food is fantastic! Very unique menu, decent prices...
We went at around 9 pm on a Saturday and it was busy, so service was a little slow, but attentive. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu, and our manager was very nice and checked on us throughout the evening. 
My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb and I ordered the grilled salmon with ponzu sauce (I have no idea if I spelled that correctly). Both were everything I expected they'd be, though I think I chose wiser with my entree. For dessert, we had their signature chocolate souffle and it was so rich and delicious!
Definitely a place to return to; I am shocked that it's a chain!Loving Roy's Aloha Happy Hour!  All their drinks and apps are $5.00 and can fill you up so you don't even have to eat dinner!  The service is great, just wish they had more seats in the bar area, sometimes you have to hover or just get there early.Overpriced asian fusion. There are a million other places like this and you leave hungry. 
Drinks are pretty lethal which is good. 
Service is good, food is decent, but too expensive for what it's worth.New prix fixe menu is superb. $35 for 3 courses is amazing. Tons of food. Servers are nice and helpful. Wait on a Saturday night was not as ridiculous as Continental. Food was delicious, everything tasted fresh. Not too expensive either. There were a few mentions of decor being odd. The only criticism I have is that there were branches that looked like there were TP'ed inside. Odd. Go there, I don't care if it is a chain.
You won't regret it.I've been to at least 4 other roy's outposts and although the food is consistently good, I was a disappointed.  The portions seemed smaller and the service a little bumpy.  But I love their 5 spice ribs and blackened appetizer so I'll keep coming back.I had always wanted to try this place since I moved to Philly, but the $50+ per person price point (wow alliteration) was a major turn off. Thankfully they participate in restaurant week.
I came here with a group of friends during restaurant last year, and it was phenomenal. We were seated quickly, right in front of the MASSIVE wall-o-wine (I'm sure they call it something a little more classy.) We were ordering from the 3 course price fixe menu, which, considering it was only maybe 1/8th of the regular menu, still covered all the bases.
I had ordered an appetizer of ribs and a main course of mahi fish. We also got the wine paring, which was fantastic (especially considering that our waiter was an aspiring sommelier.) In fact, I had my new favorite wine for the first time in that pairing (Pinotage in case you were wondering.)
The portions on first look seemed pretty meager and pretentious, but when we got around to eating, we couldn't believe our taste buds. My ribs were so incredible that I actually almost started crying. And the fish was one of the best entrees I've ever had.
All in all, a fantastic place for a fancy dinner, from the atmosphere to the food.
A+ for RoyI used to work for this company.  OSI, or Outback Steakhouse inc, that is.  This should have nothing to do with how I feel about Roy's, but I thought I should show my corrupt colors just in case. 
Back when I still ate seafood, I loved this place.  It's on the high end side, but they have specials for two where I believe you can order three courses for 29.99 or something like that, making it a better deal.  The atmosphere isn't as chain driven as most OSI concepts, and the food is certainly different from all OSI sisters.  
I haven't found myself here in nearly five years, as now I eat nothing that had a pulse ever, but I remember good times and great wine. I hope it has stayed as quality as I remember it.took bf here for his birthday and it was delicious. we picked a great non-crowded night and the service was impeccable. we had sushi and tuna plus dessert and everything was great. the presentation was also very nice!Have been here 3 times. 
First time was in the dining room. Service = excellent. Food = really good, but super expensive for the portions.
Times 2 and 3. Bar for happy hour. Service = terrible. Food = again, good, but SMALL for the price. $8 for a caesar salad with like 6 leaves of lettuce. Get outta here!
Great if you're not on a budget and not super hungry.When I last went to Roy's, my friends took me as a surprise for my birthday dinner. What a treat! My birthday also happened to land during restaurant week, another plus. This restaurant considers its food to be Hawaiian Fusion, whatever that is. There was an array of meats and fish on the menu. All the food was spectacular (I tried some from everyone's plate, my right as the birthday girl!)
The thing that made me love Roy's is the fact that they introduced me to the pure goodness of coconut ice cream. After I tasted their ice cream, I searched far and wide for another place that served the same deliciousness. I still have had no luck, not that I am complaining about having to go back to Roy's. 
UPDATE
I went to Roy's on Saturday for my anniversary dinner. Another amazing trip. I had the American Snapper. The most delicious non-salmon fish that I have ever tasted. I also tried the Mango Pineapple Sangria. Also amazing.Roys was my choice for dinner on our first night in Philly. By coincidence it was less than 2 blocks from our hotel so everything started off really well. It went mostly downhill after that start. 
We had reservations at 8:30 and were told they were about 10 minutes behind. No problem, that just makes room for a trip to the bar. The bar was very cramped and understaffed. This was a Friday night and it was Restaurant Week. They should have been prepared. Beer markup must be 500%. We did end up getting our drinks and headed back over to be seated. They finally made it to us about 9. Still I'm open minded about the place. 
The dining experience was a roller coaster. At times service was excellent but mostly it was very slow. I ordered one of their signature cocktails and I'm not really sure if there was any alcohol in it. 
The food was mostly good. The mahi mahi was a little overcooked. I had tuna as an appetizer and that was pretty good. My girlfriend's philly steak wrap was very good. Desert was hit or miss too. My dulce cake was anything but dolce. It tasted like it had been left out on the counter over night. Her pineapple raisin strudel was really good though. One lesson learned is let her order for me. 
I had a great date but that was due to the company not Roy's. There are so many choices in Philadelphia. I would recommend skipping this place.I peeped their happy hour menu when I came for dinner a few months back. Everything on the happy hour menu was $5. the had a few drinks options as well as appetizers that looked tasty....and I had the mai tai during my dinner and was glad it was on the happy hour list also.
Anyway, I chugged some gfs there and ofcourse been the foodie that I am, I got there at 5pm on the dot to MAXIMIZE my drinking/eating potential. I mean I only have 2hours to get it ALL in. 
I started with the mai tai. I like sweet drinks and this was winner. I ended up drinking 3. I also got the Roy's special martini drinkie thingie which I really didn't like. I enjoyed the pineapple taste but it was sweet. Two of my gfs did love the martini.
Apparently there are some cocktails (not listed in detail on the happy hour menu) that u can still order at the $5 price. I.e...my gf got a mojito. Not listed on the menu but bartender said it was also part of happy hour special.
Appetizers I ordered just two things- lobster potstickers and the beef sliders. Honestly I was full with just eating the beef sliders but later on i got the pot stickers (3pieces) which was light enough to not overstuff me.
I noticed they were mopping and kitchen floor and that's when I looked at the time...YIKES..it was 1030pm. 
We didn't have to go home but we had to get the hell outta there...One of the best meals I've ever eaten, and VERY child-friendly for a trendy fancy restaurant.  We brought our 2 year old and they immediately brought out edamame, shortly followed by a plate of apple slices and quesadillas.  The prix fixe menu was great, and the waiter was fantastic.  Great deal for what you get, even if it is pricy.  The desert was fabulous.This is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Philadelphia. Service is top notch - honestly the head or sous chef always comes by at least once during the night to check on our food quality.
The lobster dim sum are to die for. I dream about them - they're THAT good. Also the kobe beef sushi roll - I know that sounds weird but its so delish that you can actually taste the different flavors unfold in your mouth.
The ahi tuna? Can't be beat. Never had a tuna steak as good as here. It's that perfect rare, with the perfect sear. And the wasabi mayo is absolutely the perfect accompaniment. Short ribs are also a good choice. 
And the chocolate molten lava cake with ice cream...omg orgasm in my mouth. The pineapple upside down cake is equally delicious. 
I always come here for special occasions since this is where I had my first date with my bf, and I'm always dying to come back, even before I walk out the door!DELICIOUS food - fantastic atmosphere. 
And they have kangaroo!  I didn't try it, but that still rocks.  The shark, however, was delicious.
We had a really nice birthday date meal there.  Expensive, but a real unique experience.  An oasis on not-so-pretty block of Center City.*3.5 stars*
A friend wanted to dine here for his birthday.  Since he is from Hawaii, recently relocated to Philly via DC, he thought he'd get his fill of authentic Hawaiian food.
My roommate and I never had Hawaiian food before. So, we just went along.  However, we were warned that it was pricey.  Well, too bad, we're going with jeans on.
We get there and the decor is nice.  Well, at least, I liked it.
Since we had reservations, we were immediately led to our table in the back.  From there, we had the view of the rest of the place.
And yikes, pricey it was...at least, for me!  They had the prix fixe thingy but I wasn't interested in what was offered for that special.  And...all of us noticed immediately that this wasn't exactly Hawaiian but rather Asian fusion.
Oh well.  Make the best of it.
So, while we were appetizing on spicy edamames, I ordered the butterfish (aka Alaskan cod) with Thai black rice.  My roommate ordered the double chicken breast.  The birthday boy ordered the mahi-mahi.
The butterfish made me blink about 10 times before I decided it was safe to eat.  It was buttery but at the same time...goo-ey...like edible chicken fat.  I dunno what it was but I still wondered why I went ahead and ate half of it.  The Thai black rice was good...at first...but then the more I ate it, the more it taste burnt rather than smoky.
The birthday boy had mahi-mahi which was lightly breaded just right.  And my roommate had the best dish...the double chicken breast.  And just how is that  Asian fusion?!?!  Never mind...it was good.
We all agreed that we wouldn't come back because the prices weren't worth it.  However, the waitstaff were extremely friendly and attentive.Attractive decor and great customer service but the lighting was too dim to read the menu.  My guava mojito (minus the rock sugar) was excellent and refreshing.  The scallop entree was a good sized portion but the quinoa was on the salty side.  The apple pear salad was delicious and I wished they served more of it to counterbalance the saltiness of the quinoa.  The molten chocolate cake with raspberry sauce and vanilla ice cream was a perfect combo.I've been to the Roys in NY for restaurant week and I loved their fried rice ...was it fried rice? It was such a long time ago but it was some seafood embedded rice that blew my socks off.
Came here for private dinner party. Had drinks at the bar.I like their happy hour menu. For $5...who can argue. I had the Mai Tai and call me lightweight but that junk was DELICIOUS. Bartender did NOT skimp on the alcohol here. I couldn't even order another drink..I felt niceeeee based on that one drink.
I will go back to try their other happy hour stuff again. 
Food was okay. I had the beef and it was nice but I wouldn't get it again.Great sauces.  We encountered a glitch in service (waiting for one dish) but otherwise it was top-notch. We had the chance to try a range of dishes and all were deemed quite good.  People weren't dropping their forks or forcing little bites of their dish in other people's mouths and trying to force them to agree that their entrees were delicious.... but it was very good.Apparently I'm in the minority here, but I had one of the worst dining experiences of my life at Roy's.  The atmosphere was tacky but not over the top, the place was relatively quiet, very clean, and relatively busy, so I was anticipating good food, or at the very least good service.
Once we were seated and had ordered drinks it only took us a few minutes to find a few dishes that sounded good.  Unfortunately it took a good 30 minutes after getting our water for the waiter to take our orders, and another 30 before we got any food (the waiter kept arriving as we were readying to leave).
Once the food arrived I was even more sorely disappointed.  The appetizers were mediocre,  but not bad.  The squid was overcooked, but I figured it may have been sitting under heat-lamps for a while given how long we'd waited, so I gave the kitchen the benefit of the doubt.  Then the entrees arrived.  My girlfriend had some unremarkable hunk of flesh, and I was served a fish dish that was more mustard than fish, and a plate-full of mustard is just as unappealing as it sounds.
This was several months ago, and it's possible that we just came on a really bad night, but the experience was so terrible I can't really see giving Roy's a second chance.I picked this out for a nice place to go with some relatives who were visiting.  I couldn't get reservations for my first choice (Stripped Bass) and still wanted seafood.  The edamame is great, but overall, the experience is too corporate and forgettable.  The building itself is beautiful, but doesn't lend itself to a nice dining experience.Great service and great food!  Reminescing my experience at Roy's Pebble Beach, I ended up here for dinner.
The atmosphere is warm and the chefs worked in an open kitchen.  I ordered from the fix prixe menu and had the fusion sampler, mac nut mahi mahi, and the chocolate souffle for dessert...a deal.  Everything was delicious!  I felt so stuffed!  
Content and in a food coma, I slumped in my seat after the meal.  I couldn't finish my dessert and but I keep picking at it...I couldn't bear to have such good food go to waste.  One of the servers even noticed and joked that I LOOKED STUFFED.  He chuckled at my feeble attempt to finish off the last of the chocolate souffle.Roy's food is right up there with the top 5 restaurants in Philadelphia.
Hawaiin fusion fare, soaring ceilings and an open kitchen all make this a great-looking interior. 
Don't even question the food  - don't bother reading any more reviews - this place is a sure bet. Your male date will love the perfectly cooked meat and your female date will love the fun drinks.The food is tasty, but I just wish they gave me the full portion.  I am very confident that half of my meal was given to someone else behind the scenes, cackling madly as they watch me order a second entree to appease my hunger.  I've eaten here twice and had to get food elsewhere on the way back home.Went here for Valentine's Day this year -- My hubby and I have been to many of the Roy's locations including Hawaii, and yearned to have one closer.
Loved the service, food, and ambiance.  It was an amazing experience and will have to say it will be surely missed as I was planning to make a trip here for our upcoming anniversary!!
Food is stellar:
Misoyaki Butterfish
Maui Wowie Shrimp Salad
Chocolate Souffle 
Those are just a few of my classic favs, each location of Roy's has its own flare as the local head chef add their charm and dishes that tie in with the Hawaiian fusion taste and locale.
Bring Roy's back!I don't get the fuss about this place. I went for the first time Friday night. My date took me for a celebratory birthday meal. I was surprised because we were seated right away on a Friday night at 8 pm; usually a busy dinner time. Our waitress was fabulous and very knowledgeable. She didn't rush us at all when, after about 20 minutes, my date and I were chatting it up and hadn't even looked past the drink menu. We both tried the drink special, which was a pineapple-infused martini. Decent, but I'm sure cost an arm and a leg. The menu looks awesome but the food is sub-par. We decided to share everything because we couldn't decide. We got the canoe appetizer, some were better than others. And I'm not quite sure how cheesesteak eggrolls fit into the hawaiian fusion theme. We also got the lobster potstickers with a foam, which came highly recommended by the waitress. I thought it was terrible, I took 1 bite and passed it to my date. We also got the ono, which was a $31 piece of fish. I was expecting something completely different from what I got. And quite frankly, I can make a better piece of fish in my kitchen for $6. It was tasteless and uninspired. About $150 later, I left a little disappointed. Thank god I like my date because I didn't much mind the bad food... Definitely not a place I will be returning.Excellent food and service.... The place was jumping, just packed, yet our service was great and attention to detail in place. Loved the food. Quality place that I highly recommend and I have eaten twice at the original Roy's outside Honolulu. While not quite that fabulous- it is great in its own right.Great food. Restaraunt interior was nice and open and airy.  Never been to Hawaii but food seemed authentic, with a nice variety. The appetizers we got could be shared by 2, especially the spare ribs. Delicious though. Would definately recommend and will go back. 
Beware the drinks, while very good and potent, are pricey. Also, the upstairs can get loud but if you get a table by the railing, you overlook the downstairs and you can open or close the drapes.We had PHENOMENAL service at Aloha (Happy) hour at Roy's last night.
It started off rather rocky - my DD & I walked in (SHE wanted to go.  So I humoured her.)  The hostess seated us (reluctantly) at high tables overlooking the kitchen, but wecould not get the $5.00 bar specials there.
So we moved to the bar, but legally, DD can't sit there.
So we got a HIGH bar table at the edge ot the bar and ate some (decent not great) shumai, lobster potsticker (the best thing we had - very good buttery sauce) plate and lobster california roll. (Good - and comped by the manager).
The manager, Edward was terrific and even brought a BIG box of toys for DD to play with.  After our meal he gave us a tour of their private party rooms.  GREAT!
Hannan (spelling??) our servers was terrific as well.
OK food - and great service.  For $5.00 - a great deal.  Still have trouble believing this is a CHAIN.Great atmosphere, I found the fake "aloha" stuff to be a little schmaltzy, but what the hell.  Everyone there was good natured and fun.  
Relatively good food.  We shared the Momma Lei (or something like that) roll as an appetizer.  For the price, there could have been more fish.  We also had the beet salad, which was a HUGE let down.  For something named a beet salad, we were surprised to only see five or six miniscule pieces of beet on the plate.  Way too expensive for the salad we paid for.  But the Mahi Mahi with lobster sauce?  Divine.  We also had a good berry cobbler.  Ask for an extra scoop of ice cream.I came here for my 8 year anniversary with my girl 5 years ago.  First Roy's we tried was in this place, then we tried NY, then Maryland, then Hawaii twice.  First off, I just want to say that this is a great Hawaiian Fusion place to eat!  For appetizer, try the salt & pepper schezuan calamari, its freakin awesome! My girl swears by the macadamian crusted mahi mahi!! I am not a seafood fan but damn she made me taste it and I almost lost my mind LOL. its great! I had a filet mignon, and enjoyed it.  I usually eat my steak usually well done, which people say steak shouldnt  be eaten that way, but hey I love chargrilled steaks...Now, for dessert LISTEN and LISTEN well...A prophet once said, "if you can do two things in your life before you die, they said you have to try surfing! The other thing is to eat Roy's molten lava cake.  Guess what, I have never missed eating this delicious heaven! Plus, I order two for me, and one for my baby girl every time! and every time the waiter has to come back twice to confirm that we are ordering 3 molten lava cake for two people. its THE BEST!OMG, OMG.  Before my trip to Philly, I had read Yelp reviews, visited some restaurant websites and had a pretty good idea what I was in for.  But what I could not have a anticipated was the wonderful ambiance of this restaurant and even better than that, the incredible service.  Maybe is was the influence of  my "Original Hawaiian Martini" or maybe I'm just high on life.  But this place has got to have the most congenial waitstaff I have ever witnessed.  Okay, they were more than congenial.  After I first arrived, I most have looked a little bored eyeballing the ceiling (actually, I was admiring the beauty of the restaurant and wondering why I didn't get an upstairs table) because a manager rushed over with water and offered to get me a cocktail.    He was very attentive thru the rest of the evening and even brought over a complimentary dessert cocktail.  How extremely nice.  He (his name is Jeremy) has got the be the hardest working man in the biz.  Karen was my server and she was awesome.  The staff here really work as a team and they are phenomenal.
Okay, to the food.  I had the crunchy lobster pot stickers, which were nice.  For my entree, I had the Maui Wowie Shrimp Salad.  Cheesy name, great combination of flavors.  It was so fresh and delicious.  And for dessert, you MUST have the hot chocolate souffle.  It IS the most delicious dessert that I have ever experienced.  It is SO good.  I can't give this place enough stars!This place is great! They have the best ribs, I wanted to take an order home. The whole dinner was really good, good service and atmosphere.Ahhhh, this is a place my father loves, especially the ribs, so as his last night in town I wanted to treat him, as well as use the opportunity for he and my boyfriend's father to meet one another.  He was chipper (as always) and Bill (my boyfriends father) perpetually the same.  As I write this, I wish for all to feel that kindness, that lovingness.  I've enjoyed the cuisine at Roy's, perhaps not as much as dad, but tonight, his  enthusiasm and the dining was amazing.  Yes, feelings may play a part in this review; however, the food was quite delicious.   We entered as a party of six and were immediately seated to a lovely round table.    We ordered drinks (myself and Bill mojitos, and the rest of the table, minus a fouteen year old boy, beer. )  Drinks were served quickly, and our waiter was so attentive.  They welcomed us, new and returning, to the restaurant, and asked if we had any questions regarding the menu.    We ordered appetizers, and then our entrees.  All were delicious.  From the fish to the beef (which my dad's lady friend ordered well done --ehh, shoot me) pleased everyone. The waiter was so patient and available.  No pressure, just a genuinely  awesome time with family and friends.  On the way home, the aforementioned fourteen year old  young man said, "That was so bangin', I'd love to go back there for my birthday dinner."  It evoked a smile that spread across my face.  :)  Great stuff!The food is delicious here. They have a wide variety on the menu and the staff is friendly and helpful. I'd recommend it, but it is on the pricier side and slightly dressy so be prepared.I have YET to have a negative experience at Roy's! This is definitely on my top 10 favorite restaurant list!
I've been to Roy's about 5 times now and I always leave satisfied and smiling! I have always made a reservation ahead of time, but there is seating around the kitchen area and at the bar for those people that don't. When you walk in, you see the towering ceilings, low light, beautiful light fixtures and gorgeous floral arrangements.
The service has always been exceptional - this last time that I went, the waiter was very laid back but knowledgeable. He was willing to explain the menu items and was very thorough when describing what he brought out to the table. 
The food is to die for!! In the past I've had the tiger shrimp, the sushi rolls (I forget exactly which ones), the scallops and the salmon - they all melt in your mouth! This past time, we dined off of the Spring Prix Fix Menu - I had the tuna appetizer (I would have been happy with 3 of those!!), the salmon entreé (delicious) and the lava cake for dessert (a standard for Roy's). The portions are always generous and the price for three courses ($35) is incredible! The ingredients are always fresh and the flavors of the different dishes are unbeatable.
We didn't drink that night, but the cocktails are fabulous also - my favorites are the 1988 Martini and the Godiva Chocolate Martini (HEAVEN).
Parking can be a little bit rough because of the location, but they offer valet. Every time that I've gone, we've found our own parking a couple blocks away or we've taken the train to avoid it altogether. 
If you are looking for a nice night out (perfect for a date), quality seafood, friendly service and beautiful atmosphere, Roy's is the place to be!My wife and I went here on a Sunday for her Birthday dinner and we loved it. The staff is very friendly and courteous without being intrusive. My wife ordered a virgin Mojito and I had a regular one and they were both very tasty. The calamari is some of the best I ever had. The salads were, well salads, pretty in presentation but nothing inspiring. The entrees were both good, my wife loved her butterfish, I had their Ahi, which while a good piece of fish was a bit spicier than I anticipated, and I usually love spicy, just make sure you have a full glass of water before sinking into it. 
They also took a picture of my wife and I at our table and gave it to us with a paper frame. Very nice birthday surprise. 
As I said before, great service, the chef even came out to say hello. It is a laid back calm kind of place too, so don't go if you are a rushed eater type. The atmosphere was nice too, refined, but not stuffy or sterile, especially for a being a converted bank space, the tropical orange colors were pleasing.
Overall will definitely come back.Decided to come here for dinner on a recommendation. Reservations are a must as they wont take walk-ins before 9:30pm. If you do happen to come in before then, they will seat you at the bar, which I think is fairly nice, cause you get to see all the entrees that come out from the kitchen to the side of you. First, we were greeted and offered an appetizer compliments of the house, I believe everyone gets it. We ordered a Hawaiian Colada and a Mango Mojito. The Mojito was nice and refreshing, The Colada was pretty thick and heavy, I had to pour an ounce of water in there to thin it out. 
We went with the Prix Fixe Meal. I ordered the Rock Shrimp Tempora, Dynamite Encrusted Salmon, and the Strawberry Guava Tart. The Shrimp Tempora was a bit soggy when it arrived. The Salmon was good, gone before it had a chance to breathe. And the Tart was... very Tart-y. My partner in crime went with the Vietnamese Lumpia and Bibb Lettuce Wrap - a variation of the Vietnamese Spring Roll if you ask me. Don't get me wrong, it was good. The Braised Beef Short Rib was soft and delicate. It started off delicious, and then it got a little dry... we had ran out of the sauce that encompassed it. The Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle Ended our dinner quite well and we were stuffed. 
In all honesty, I expected more wow to this place, especially the food aspect. I want to give it a 3.5 star, but half stars weren't available. I understand that I rate a lot of restaurants in a similar range, but I usually do so base on their initial description. Roy's did not over-deliver or under-deliver, nor did it have a menu that jumped out at me as being fanciful for it's sake of being an Hawaiian Fusion Restaurant.Went here for restaurant week so there weren't many choices to pick from...dessert was the best part of the meal!It's been a few years since I've been to Roy's, but I keep meaning to go back.  I'm not a big rib fan, but the pork rib appetizer melted off the bone and is what I remember most about the meal -- That being said, I also remember that I came home and raved about everything I had, so it must have been good!  One of these days, I'm going to have to make it back there......I took the train in town this March to meet a friend for dinner, and we decided to try Roy's. I've been to the Roy's in Waikiki in Hawaii, and was impressed with the service and food. We walked in on a Saturday night around 8:00, and every table was booked for the rest of the night (recession, what recession?). We ended up eating at the high top tables over in the bar area. 
The one thing I admire about Roy's is that the menu is significantly different at each location. It helps take the chain feeling away from eating at an upscale chain restaurant.
I started my meal off with the Asian Pear, Arugula, Lolla Rose & Goat Cheese Salad ($8.95). The salad was presented well, but it was nothing special, so I would not recommend it. For dinner I ordered the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish ($29.95). This was surprisingly delicious. This was the first time I had eaten butterfish, and the way they prepared the fish really matched my tastes. The filet was presented on top of their version of mashed potatoes, and it was a great entree, from presentation to taste.
For desert we shared the hot chocolate souffle. In Hawaii, this was great and very memorable. At the Philadelphia location, it tasted like standard chocolate lava cake that you can get at any medium tier restaurant. I wish we went over to Capogiro instead.
*Location: 5 stars - You can't beat it. The building is beautiful, and you are in a central location to many things of interest in Philadelphia
*Service: 4 stars - Granted we sat in the bar area, and the service was personable and friendly, I've had better at the other Roy's location
*Food: 4 stars - The salad and the dessert were standard and not worthwhile. My butterfish entree I would go back for, it was delicious. If I just ordered the entree, this rating would be 5 stars.
I just hope I find butterfish around the city that is cooked similar.Came here last night for dinner with 3 friends. I had made a reservation through OpenTable for 6pm, but they couldn't find it on the computer... it wasn't a problem though, since the restaurant wasn't too crowded when we arrived so we were seated right away. I got the $35 prix fixe menu- shrimp tempura, filet, and the strawberry guava tart. The tempura was a lot less crispy than most tempura, probably because of the sauce- it was different but I enjoyed it. The steak was a bit smaller than I expected it to be, which was disappointing, but it was otherwise very good. The strawberry guava tart was very yummy and it came with pistachio ice cream.
We had an excellent server who really knew his stuff- he recommended how well-cooked each dish should be (for example, he said the salmon is best when it's medium). When I asked him to take a photo for the 4 of us, he even offered to use the restaurant's camera and print out a picture on the spot for us. My only complaint is that the service was a bit slow at times, especially in clearing away our dishes, but otherwise I really enjoyed my dinner at Roy's.Roy's is culinary heaven for the fiscally sane on earth. The wait staff is personable, loveable even, and there is a feeling of comfort at any Roy's you visit. 
Went here for my birthday one year, after having been to one in Hawaii. Equally as good, obviously with its own unique menu derived from the day's fresh fish. So. Effing. Good.
We had a party of ten, so much mooching and tasting abounded. My crazy chocolate souffle dessert even came out with a candle & a song from the waiter, who was I might mention extremely adorable.  Then the chef signed my menu, which I still have as a fond memory of a filling and fabulous meal.interesting experience!!
It was different! Not sure what the fusion was with, but the salmon was amazing! And don't forget to get the desert, the souffl was just unbelievable.The service here was amazing!  To be honest the food wasnt the best, we had to send back a couple meals, but once we did we were treated like royalty.
The manager came over and apologized many times, offered us free dessert, port etc.  The best service I have had in a long time, so for that alone we will return.
Thank you again for the good serviceI had heard a lot of great feedback about Roy's, and when my mom recently handed me a $20 off coupon that she received in the mail, I decided that it was time for me to try it out.  
The boyfriend and I went for date night last night, and overall we had a very pleasant experience.  Our server, Jared, really made the difference between an OK time and a great time.  He was immediately attentive to our needs, and was present without being overbearing and pushy.  He inquired if we wanted to hear some information about the menu, and was happy to cater to our questions about some of the items that were listed.  For cocktails, I tried their signature martini - vanilla vodka infused with pineapple and coconut.  It was delicious and very light.  We ended up ordering the Lakanilau Roll at his suggestion, which was of course the most expensive on the menu ($16.50 for an order), but we absolutely loved it.  I got the butterfish, and my boyfriend got the Roy's Sampler - mahi mahi, salmon and butterfish.  Both of our entrees were cooked to perfection, and while I did find the butterfish slightly fatty in texture, it wasn't coated in sauce as some previous reviews have stated.  Maybe they relaxed on the heavy-handedness a bit due to feedback?
For dessert, I got the warm chocolcate souffle, and my boyfriend got the pineapple upside down cake.  Both were delicious and the perfect ending to a lovely meal.
I am no connoisseur on Hawaiian food.  My only other experience was actually being in Hawaii, and I wouldn't say that I can compare the two. I would agree that Roy's leans more toward what I would consider Asian-Fusion than Hawaiian, but it was still good.  I loved the decor - very open and much brighter than it would appear on the outside.  
Our bill ended up being $120 - 2 cocktails, an appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 desserts.  I would say it's right in line with the going rate for a "nice" dinner downtown, and a good place to go for a special occasion.It was a snowy, chilly night.  March, 2006 to be exact.   I was a hungry, poor, graduate student.  Six of us went to Philly to present our thesis for the Eastern Sociological conference.  We needed food.  We ended up at Roy's.   Shama?  
The restaurant isn't 3 Star Michelin, but we did feel a tad bit bumpkin and completely under dressed in our North Face jackets and snow boots.   It was freezing cold that night and we had been wandering the streets to find somewhere to dine.  We had no idea that Roy's would be THE Roy's.   From the outside, the place looked like a Denny's; homey and welcoming.  Once you enter, you realize, "oh crap, they have fancy silverware!"  
The food was amazing!  Delicious seafood: pan-asian, hawaiian-fusion, wasabi-blazin', mahi-mahi explosion.  
Though the meal was pricey and pinched my student-loan pockets, we had an awesome time there, eating and drinking and complaining about how miserable the conference was.  We stayed there for a couple of hours and haphazardly headed back to the hotel.My friends took me there when they (and I) thought I was moving.  I didn't, apparently Roy's did.  Sucks.
And in case you didn't guess by my 5-star rating, the  food was off the chain.  No need to go into details since they're gone- that's like throwing salt on a wound.The only reason this place escaped one star was because the mohitos here were so good. 
Let's start with these, as they are the only highlight of our visit. Strong, a perfect balance of mint and lime, with extra sparkle that makes them some of the best I've had in the city. A bit pricey at $8 each, but still very tasty. 
It goes downhill from there. Service was ok, but the food was just awful. the appetizers we ordered (Lakanilau Roll, Lobster California roll) were overcooked, with the Kobe being chewy on the former and the lobster rubbery on the latter. Frankly, a crime for the price we paid for them. 
I ordered the butterfish, usually a light affair with lemon, and my guest ordered the Kangaroo. (Yes, was a special). The butterfish came in a heavy, greasy, gloppy lemon curd sauce that tasted like a melted own lemon meringue. It was so thick and sweet I could have been eating fillet of pterodactyl and would never have known. I couldn't eat more that two bites. 
My guests Kangaroo came in similar fashion, covered in a super thick, rich brown sauce, he counted fifteen chews before he felt he was tasting the meat, and three times that before he was able to swallow the tough stuff. We expected kangaroo to be a bit rangy, but this stuff could be worn as a bulletproof vest. 
We ended up sending our entrees back, and when they offered to remake them we were told that the sauces (and quantities of sauce) were mandatory, and part of Roy's 'signature' style. We passed and they knocked it off our bill. 
So - if you go to admire the place (very pretty), chat with the bartender (usually very attentive and pleasant) and avoid the food, you should have a great time!I enjoyed my meal at Roys.  I had the 3 course prix-fish and the buttery fish (mahi mahi) was delicious.  Roy's has a hawaiian/asian fusion flair to it.  The non-alcoholic version of a ginger mojito I ordered had fresh mint, limes, ginger and pineapple.  So refreshing.  The deseerts and apps were tasty too.  It's hard to believe it's a chain that OutBack owns.Friday, March 5, marked our second visit to Roy's in Philly.  The first visit, three months ago, was terrific.  Not the case with our second (and last) visit.   We received the nifty card in the mail advertising a "great" prix fix deal (petite filet with crab topping, plus a lobster tail).  
Bar:  Not that crowded, but waited almost 10 minutes to order our cocktails.  The famous mai-tai is no longer special - just your basic run-of-the-mill mai tai.   The frozen, tiny pineapple chunks are gone.  The couple next to us asked for a refund for their drinks.
Food:  Lousy.  Took forever for the entrees, and when they finally arrived, both meals were incorrectly prepared (loads of awful, lumpy sauce which we didn't order) and the seared ahi was WELL done (gross).    My petite filet was well done (ordered it medium rare), drenched in burned red wine "sauce" and the lobster tail was so overcooked, you couldn't remove the meat from the shell.  Our replacement entrees were served ten minutes apart, which by that time, we just wanted to pay our bill and get out of there.  
Server:  Gigantic handlebar mustache (and, I mean GIGANTIC).  More important is that for a Friday night that was not at all busy, he disappeared except for the obligatory order taking, mid-meal follow-up and to give us the check. 
In a nutshell:  our second visit was a complete 180 from our first.  New management?  Our best guess, but it does not matter.  Do not waste your money.   Overpriced (oh, and the ladie's restroom:  nasty, dirty and disgusting).
Not what you would expect for a dinner tab in excess of $150 for a party of two (and this was for one appetizer, two entrees, two beers and one glass of wine).  Rip-off, period.I don't have much to add to what's been said by other reviewers -- their descriptions give a good sense of what you can expect.  This is a nice place to go to get food that's a little different than elsewhere.   The dishes are nicely prepared and reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is nice, although some of their background music selections are not to my taste.
One thing that I noticed is that the price markup on the wine menu seems very high for a restaurant of this class.  If you really enjoy wine with your meal and are ready to splurge, that's fine, but a good alternative is to get yourself in the mood for having a beer instead (they have a selection of good beers).
Restrooms are clean and nice, but you need a tour guide to help you find them..I think this is the third time i've been here with my coworkers and always love the service and food..
For appetizers, we ordered a couple items (seared tiger shrimp, crunchy golden lobster potstickers, wood grilled szechwan spiced baby back ribs, and I believe the sunrise at haleakala roll). The potsticker was very delicious, a little on the salty side. The pork on the ribs fell right off the meat and the wet rub that was glazed on the pork was out-of-this-world. The sunrise at haleakala roll is also something I would go for again, the fish was very fresh and cannot really be explained in words. You just have to try it out if you're a sushi fan. I think the only thing I would probably avoid is the Tiger Shrmip as it is your usual large-sized shrimp with cocktail sauce.
For my entree, I ordered Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi, and all I can say is that it was unbelievable! You have to order this rare as this is the only way to eat it. You will not regret. The Spicy Soy Mustard Butter Sauce compliments with the Ahi so well.
Service is great here. The waiter and waitress always made sure our glasses of wine and water were filled and were very attentive. I think I wound up drinking 6-7 glasses of wine myself because my glass was always filled.
Hawaiian Fusion usually isn't my thing but this is definitely a place I am looking forward to returning back to.Roy's is a high-end chain establishment, kind of like Morton's of Chicago, but better. Not exactly the cheapest place around, with mid-to-upper range prices. This particular location is a multilevel affair with an attractive decor that's not quite over-the-top. It's a somewhat noisy space, full of activity. Only negative I've noticed is that their plates have Roy's emblazoned on them, which I find tacky.
They have a bar, which is always a good thing. Once I had a La Palma, Roy's Merlot (2002), which wasn't bad. Another time I requested shots (it was a friend's birthday). Good times.
The Hawaiian (Asian) fusion cuisine served here is a tasty treat. Get the appetizer sampler, and last I was here, they had Korean ribs here (that appears on the menu once in awhile). Service (Leila and others) has always been welcoming and informative, making it easy to decide on what to order. So far I've been to the Philadelphia Roy's thrice and enjoyed myself each time. Recommended for delicious eats, even without a special occasion. Don't forget to sign up for their newsletter!i've been avoiding roy's like the plague because it's a chain.  it's a place that you go for business dinners or something.
but my friend suggested it for restaurant week--we called ahead and they said there was no wait--so what the hell.
it's definitely weird when you walk in and the whitest of white people greet you with a chorus of 'aloha'.  but i got over that quickly as i was starving.
the food was way better than i expected.  it wasn't all pineapple, and there wasn't a bit of spam anywhere on the menu.  i had the spare rib appetizer and my friend got the grilled ahi.  both v. tasty (the ribs were a little burnt).  the mahi was well done (but could have used more sauce).  the desserts were excellent as well.
and get yourself a mango mojito.my 2nd try of roy's, one in WTC, NYC, this time it's in philly. it's fine dining w/ party life to get your friends together. the food - interesting as roy's is a fusion of asian & american hawaiian.After living in Hawaii for so long and living in Philly, you'd think i would have tried Roy's Restaurant before now. I guess looking from a Hawaiian point of view, Roy's Restaurant is a little fancy for a Kamaaina's taste. Having said that, I want to channel my inner Hawaiian and write this review in the local jargon of Hawaii called "Pidgin"
 So you may have to dust off or download a copy of "Pidgin To The Max" to get the full gist of things. I know, I know, with my last review it seems like I'm doing a Marlon Brando in "Apocalypse Now", but I'm staying interested by use of variation. Don't worry, I'll be back. OK. Channeling Hawaii.......
 Howzit guys? Last Friday I wanted to holoholo and get some grinds so I hele on to Roy's Restaurant in town. When I walked into the spot, one Bolohead Haole went ask me "how many"? I said "haaah? and he went scratch DA bolohead. I said "where da becho stay? Then I saw the sign so I go make shi-shi water first and then I sat down in the restaurant under one Mormon tree to eat. I went order from the Pu Pu list Auntie Lei's Aloha Roll.
 It was ono and i wanted more, but I get da ukus when I eat too much of da kine. Next I ordered the Pulehu Sirloin and it was like butter and so ono it went broke da mouth. But where is the rice? Cannot have local Hawaiian Food without da kine, you know? 
For desert, I ordered the Chocolate Souffle and I still get da kine chicken skin when I think about it. The desert was onreal and I would of given Roy's more stars except for the prices. I thought it was a tad overpriced for good simple Hawaiian grinds. It's a nice spot to take a wahine you going lolo over! Aloha!