The place is really cool and not far from center city. There was a great beer selection with flight options. Service was really good and it was a nice place to hang out.Delicious food and beer! Wings and fries were fantastic. Very convenient walk to Union Transfer after their tues-fri 4-7pm happy hour. No food specials for happy hour, but $3 pint beers and a ton of options to choose from. Definitely my new go to place before shows!Really great food for a brewery and of course excellent beers but the best thing about the Barrel House is their souring program. Their beers are all brewed out at the Chambersburg facility but they do make all their sour beers here. You can see the process and taste alot of the finished product. Very professional staff can walk you through everything. Love this place.Great space. Like the communal tables, fun but didn't feel like we were on top of our neighbors. Lots of interesting menu items, but our choices fell flat. Got pork belly & root vegetable empanadas. They were ok, not very flavorful. Should have heeded my reservations about the roasted beet salad... love roasted beets, but it said it also had ham in it. Thought that sounded odd but gave it a try. Well there was a solid 1/4 pound of rolled up ham in the center of the plate, did not look appetizing, and was not a good flavor combo with the otherwise tasty salad. My husband's chicken schnitzel sandwich was so-so, and his fries were not hot. We liked our beers.To be honest, my previous, and limited opinion, of Roy-Pitz wasn't the greatest. They had a tap takeover at an Old City establishment and I found the brews I sipped to be mostly bland.
I was pleasantly surprised to have (many a) Mr. Pitz. He was a barrel aged sour that had a sweetness and edge. I had a sip of my husband's double IPA, but I forget which one. It hit my hop palette finely. Based on this positive experience, I wouldn't hesitate to keep trying more.
I ordered the eggplant parm panini to eat- it was made up of marinated grilled eggplant, fresh mozzarella, basil, chili tomato jam. I didn't love the panini bread since it was more like a flat roll, but the contents of the sandwich were good. All and all, it was just bar food though, but it did the trick for a pre-concert dinner. 
The service was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was chill. This is the PERFECT pre-game spot for Union Transfer shows. I love Llama Tooth, but this place is much bigger and good for all seasons. 
I wouldn't rank Roy Pitz Barrell house as a top addition to the Philly beer scene, but it's not a bad option either. I'd give them a 3.5, but for the love of the local brew scene, I'll round up to a 4.  I'm sure once the new Yards location opens, there are going to be many a brewery hoping options on the north side of Vine.The beer selection is quite good - lots of sours . A fun atmosphere - industrial setting with exposed I-beams and high ceilings. A bit loud when crowded. The picnic bench style tables are good for large parties.
We only had appetizers. The food was so-so. The ceviche shrimp was fine. A friend had a burger, claimed it OK while confessing to being a burger snob - so her take may be biased. My fried green tomatoe salad - not so good. My wife wouldn't have any because it the mozzarella had a strong smell. I was starved and out of time so I ate it. The fried tomatoes were small and the coating had crunch to it - crunch... that's a first. In all fairness, i didn't get ill. Don't think I'll ever have dinner at Roy Pitz - not a bad place for drinks before a show at Union Transfer, though.Oh, I don't know. Came here on a weekday night before a show when the place was pretty empty but buzzing with servers. Our server seemed to be completely checked out- it took us twenty minutes to finally flag him down and he didn't say two words to us other than asking what we want. We did get a pretty firm eyeroll for asking for a condiment on the side.
The food was bland and forgettable. I was really excited for the chickpea "chicken" salad sandwich, but it was literally just whole chickpeas, vegan mayo, and a few chunks of raw vegetables on an oversized bun. The carrot hummus kinda tasted like baby food and the fries were your typical from-frozen variety. After we sat around done eating for half an hour the server snuck by to throw down a stack of to go boxes and scurried off without our check. All in all, not a good experience.
I threw them a star because the beer is great and their happy hour specials can't be beat. But this place needs serious work if it wants to attract folks in a neighborhood already teeming with bars with great drinks AND food.I had nod idea this place existed (sort of in an interesting location) but wow was I missing out. I ended up stopping here as part of a pub crawl
They have a great selection of beers and tasty food.
Definitely recommed the "Best Blonde" and it's also a great place for sour beers (Sour Hound) and they usually have a few others on tap.There were 10 of us who came in for dinner, early on a Saturday night; a friend had made a reservation.
The space is open, with high ceilings, a few picnic tables for seating of larger parties (like us), as well as regular & high top tables. Because of the openness, it does get  pretty loud, but that's all part of the feel of the place. super laid back atmosphere. 
we all ordered a variety of things: wings, burgers, fries with cheese/bacon, chicken sandwiches, salads. Everyone seemed pleased with their food, and the wings and fries were portioned on the larger side - I can't remember if it says it on the menu, but it felt like you get 10 or so wings and the fries are definitely portioned to feed 2 people (we found this out the hard way when 4 of us ordered our own fries, so. many. fries.). 
I had a beer sampler that was pretty standard as far as size/price. Here they do 4 for $10. I had a sour, a brown ale, a cider, and a Belgian. All of which were as expected, except the brown ale seemed to have an aftertaste that I didn't care for. I ended up ordering the Belgian in a normal 10 oz pour. 
The waitress was prompt in greeting us, even though half of us were still ubering over. She took care of us and attended to our other half in a timely manner when they arrived. She was pretty good about monitoring drink levels and getting refills, and also made sure the table was cleared once we were finished. The food came out pretty evenly, considering there were 10 of us. We only had to wait a minute or two before the last person got their meal. 
Far better service than one of the other brewery places we've been to in the Fishtown area. Would definitely come back to try other menu items, and have another glass of that Belgian.Loved it. To the craft beers, to the art on the wall, to the sweat drop down my.... glass! (Little Jon voice) you thought I was gonna say balls! This place is a must check out. Great food. Great beers. They offer a kool little flight of beers to try. They have a really kool story of two friends creating something special to them. Very kool art on the walls, the bottles and labeling. The service was perfect. Great place to stop before a concert at the union transfer station. Check them out.I've been to Roy Pitz twice so far and have absolutely loved it. If you didn't know it was there, you would totally walk by the place without realizing it's a barrel house.The bartenders are super friendly and more than willing to let you try a beer before committing to one. Roy Pitz specializes in sour beer and always has a rotating selection. If you like a beer, you can take home a crowler (3 for $24, which is a great deal!). Happy hour also runs Monday - Friday from 4-7 pm and all pints are $3, which is a total steal. The pretezls are also amazing, but be warned that they are HUGE. The food menu is pretty interesting and they always have a list of weekly specials. I would definitely recommend!Really cool concept, a little lackluster in the delivery.
I love the collection of gems, I mean, good restaurants, around Union Transfer and glad to see Roy-Pitz is another choice in that area. Two friends and I stopped here before an Electric Factory show since we were feeling some beer and a good burger. Love the feel to this place! It's a nicely redone factory with floor-to-ceiling windows, green neon lights glittering "Liquid Art" and the Roy-Pitz logo. Plenty of tables, benches, bar area for you to enjoy.
It wasn't packed on that Saturday night and we had a very attentive waiter. He went through all the beers and the beer flights ($10 for 4 beers, $15 if including at least one "premium beer). There's plenty of sours and saisons for those who like it. They ran out of their signature IPA but had a Yard's to just have an IPA. They had a Belgian triple that kicked but I ordered the 22 oz bottle of that which was awesome. Smoked stouts and IPA/sour combo rounded off the list. One of my friends ordered the premium beer; had a cool crescent-shaped paddle but seemed weird that the glasses weren't full? Sure, they're 5 oz glasses but I have never gotten a flight with a glass that didn't have a marker for 4oz that wasn't full. Even more so, they weren't even between the glasses. I digress, the beers were good nonetheless. 
I ordered a mojo pork panini and my friends ordered medium-rare bacon jam burger that was on their specials. My pork had no mojo; it was bland and the sauce was non-existent. Their burgers looked good but erred on the rare side. We sat by the green neon lights so it was a bit hard to tell how rare it truly was. All of the paninis/burgers come with fries that come with any condiment you ask for; they even have malt vinegar on hand! 
TL;DR: beer's good with a nice variety, entree food is mediocre, service is alright.Excellent brewery, bar, and restaurant! There are three breweries in about a 6 block radius on Spring Garden St (Yards, Love City, and Roy Pitz) and this is by far my favorite. The beer is outstanding (try the citrusy and easy to drink SYGU IPA), the bartenders are friendly, and the food is creative and excellent. I love the chickpea salad sandwich (get it on regular bread, not the default gluten free bread), the Daddy Hot Sacks wings, and the smoked salmon toast. There are a ton of other tasty looking options on the menu that I'm dying to try. It's also great for large groups, so bring your friends.
I take new people here every chance I get. It's really something special.Great location! Excellent layout and easy floor plan.
I had just come from the new Yards location and was less than thrilled. OMG!
Being left out on a curb, in the rain, waiting to get in felt like I was treated like trash.
We came.in and just looking for some beers. Seated at the bar, great bar btw. Had some of their custom brews. Sampled many beers, saw a good amout of food going to customers. Thoughly enjoyed my limited time here. I like the laid back atmosphere and unlike Yards, I'm more than just a means to an end. There is no warehouse you fall into here, no sidewalk to stand on while you get rained on.
Entertaining, and informative bartenders. Excellent place to kick back. Loved it!So I've been to Roy Pitz for drinks wayyy too many times to admit. It's a really awesome bar/small brewery located in an area without many other options.  Their $3 HH beers are a steal. They also serve $6 house wine and cocktails. Happy hour is from 5 to 7. I always make sure to try whatever rotating fruity beer they have available, which last time I went was the Heavens to Betsy IPA with apricot. My all time favorite has been their Strawberry Kolsh (bring it back!!!). They've got all the beers, IPAs, lagers, sour beers, Belgian ales, I could go on. There's something for everyone. The bar tenders are super friendly and always let you try samples if you're unsure of what you want. 
Their menu definitely swings American but it's not boring, and there options for vegetarians, vegans and meat eaters. The head chef there once told me that he strives to make food that's available for everyone. 
After going many times for drinks, I finally made it over there for brunch this past Sunday.   It opened at 10:30 and we stepped in at 10:31, which may explain why everything was a bit slow. We were seated for probably about 10 or 15 minutes before anyone came to ask our orders. The menu looked fine to me, but my vegetarian friend wanted something savory and not sweet (The only two fun menu items available to vegetarians are two very sugary sounding pancake options). She ended up ordering a side of eggs, grits, and fries, so she was able to eat. Maybe a veg-friendly breakfast burrito or at least something loaded with potatos and veggies would be a good savory option? Also, I noticed there weren't any gluten free options as there are with the dinner menu.. Maybe some gluten free pancakes? 
Other than that, all of the brunch menu items are very "extra"- shrimp and grits, beer braised pork belly BLT, duck Benedict, smoked salmon toast, banana and candied "everything" walnut French toast..... I had a hard time making a decision. I ended up ordering the fried chicken breakfast sandwhich. The house made biscuit was out of this world, super flakey. The chicken portion was huge. Bacon could have been crisper. I would have preferred a sharper cheese for more flavor, maybe not American. The side of sausage gravy was a nice touch because without it the sandwhich would have been very dry. I think the addition of a tomato would have made this the 100 emoji followed by some fire emojis. 
Service during brunch was lacking. There was only one other group there while we were so I can't think of any excuse as to why service was slow.  I'm hoping to be a little more wowed with their dinner menu when the time comes. 
Anyway, Roy Pitz Barrel House still gets 5 stars in my eyes. It's my neighborhood bar and I love taking my out-of-town friends here for drinks and to impress them with the cool octopus mural on the wall. The vibe is awesome, brightly lit and open. I am hoping for them to start quizzo or something else to give me more excuses to frequent this place!!Really cool spot with tons of beers on tap. A great place to watch a game with the boys or even a date spot for a drink with a lovely lady.I like the big, very high ceiling  space, and the fact that they make their many varieties of beer right there in the vicinity. We came on a weekday late evening, and we were probably the last customers for the day. But they served us without a word of complain. I like and appreciate that. Thank you!A tasty treat with diversity, good beer, tasty cocktails and fabulous food. The Moscow Mule hit the spot for the non-beer drinker.   We came with a group and everyone loved all the apps we ordered. Too many to mention.  Can't go wrong with this joint.I really enjoy coming here for happy hour. Depending on the day and weather this place can get pretty packed and  loud. Last time there wasn't a larger crowd there and the noise level wasn't extremely loud like it could be. The beer was great and the food hit the spot but the only thing that was a downfall last night was the service. Typically the service is fast but last night my friend and I got to our table and waited at least 10 minutes for our waitress to come. Typically this wouldn't be an issue but I feel like during happy hour times the service should have been quicker. Even after I left earlier with my friends I ended up coming back with a date and sat at the bar. The staff behind the bar were super pleasant and seemed knowledgeable when my date asked about certain beers!I love Roy Pitz! First of all, the atmosphere is amazing. Huge bar, tons of long tables good for large groups, and I love the octopus painting on the wall! 
The beer is amazing! So many flavors for all types of beer lovers; ales, IPAs, sours, stouts, triples, and an gose. My favorite beer is the Mr. Pitz, its a very sour ale, with peach, apricot, and kiwi. It is amazing! My only complaint is you can't get it in the flight, but you can still buy a small glass on its own, so I was happy. My other favorites were the dark sour, and the pretzel gose. 
Get a flight! And if you don't want to stop at 4, you can also buy the beers in a smaller half size, so you can try everything and not get too drunk (or spend too much money!)
FOOD is also amazing. The biggest Bavarian pretzel I ever had, with such delicious brown mustard sauce, and a cheese dip sauce! Best of both pretzel worlds. I also had the smoked brisket Mac n Cheese which was really good. The brisket panini was amazing, and so was the pork panini. My frinds cheese plate looked really good too.
Overall amazing place. Great beer, great food, good for groups. I came once for beer only, and loved it so much I came back again to eat the food. I'll keep coming back many more times! Can't wait to try more, different beer! Horray Roy Pitz!It's noisy AF, you sit on top of one another, but the crowd is fun. I can only imagine what this place was like during Super Bowl...go Eagles or Final Four...go 'Nova.  The Moscow Mules are yummy but the banana fosters is the bomb for dessert. Good place!Good food, good beer. Slow food service. Liked the brisket flatbread. Friendly waitstaff, young hip crowd.Before a show at the Union Transfer we decided to come to Roy-Pitz which is right next door across the street. .The first impression is of course the look of the place and it was a good one. The bar and surrounded tables had wood and metal with a rustic modern feel.  The artist, who does their labels, has a wonderful mural on the wall. We thought the pulled glass bottles that were lined up at the top back of the bar were unique also.  
We stared out with the Roasted Carrot Hummus with Pepper relish and house made flatbread as our app. The pepper added some heat to the nice tasting hummus. The flatbread was nicely charred. For my main meal I had the Shrimp Po Boy Panini which was delicious. I have to take exception to calling it a Po Boy since traditional Po Boys do not come as a Panini, but I digress. Having the shrimp in a tempura badder was really tasty and seemed less heavy than traditional corn meal frying. The slaw was nice a crunchy. The only bad part of my meal were the fries, very limp and some were under cooked. The flavor was ok.  
Now to the beer. I enjoyed everything I had, but some more than others. The Watermelon Lager was ok. The Caledonia Pale Ale and Mind Your P's and Q's (Belgium Tripel) were very good. My favorites though was the Das Pretzel Gose, Captured Culpbrett Brett IPA, and Bourbon Barrel Aged Capt'n Bill's Barleywine.  The Gose was really nice with just the right amount of salt. The Culpbrett was the favorite at the table and the wild yeast was there, but not over powering. 
The service was great. Michael was really knowledgeable about the beers and menu selection and was very personable.stopped yesterday.   the wife and i ordered one flight each... so that means 8 different beers...   well the wife only liked 1 and i only liked 2.   thats 3 out of 8.  and we only said they were just ok...Pretty awesome vibe here...did 2 flights to try out a handful of beers and easily liked 7/8 (the one I didn't like was the barley wine but I think I just don't like barley wine). Split a pretzel with my boyfriend and safe to say it was one of the best I've had in Philly so that was interesting... cool place to go other than Yards or Frankford Hall!In the area looking for a place we wouldn't necessarily bring the kiddos. I scrolled the old trusty bookmark list and came upon this barrel house that had great reviews and that hubs recognized as a pretty popular craft brewery back on the way to his hometown in just off the PA Turnpike (Note the keystone logo) Sold. 
This huge, laid back, industrial space had a two top, high top table for us without ressies on a weekday night although the hostess did ask so perhaps it's not a terrible idea to make some for a busier time. 
Our kind waiter handed us menus and greeted us promptly. He was quick with brew and food recommendations, and was on top of water refills. 
A flight is definitely the way to go for first-timers! 16 brews on tap! 
We chose:
Dos Pretzel Gose Ale (sour) 
Lovitz Watermelon (lager) 
Cherry Hound (sour) 
Best Blonde (kolsch) 
The pretzel was by far my favorite so a full pour was in order after our tasting. It had a salty tone and definitely left a pretzel aftertaste! I LOVED it! I will come back for that brew alone. 
The cherry was a close second, and the blonde next. Neither of us really cared for the Watermelon however. 
They also have what looked like some solid cocktails for non-beer drinkers. 
After scrolling the menu I was certain hubs was going for the brisket mac which is made with their own beer cheese, but wound up getting the barrelhouse burger after asking our waiter his favorite of the two. He was not disappointed with his choice. The burger was massive and juicy. Cooked to perfection and atop a crisped roll with spicy house made pickle chips. It was accompanied with the right amount of fries. 
Hubs was sure I was going to order the chickpea salad sammy which was one of three vegan options, but I wound up going for the grilled romaine with roasted fennel, tomato, grapefruit, pickled watermelon radish, and sesame-ginger dressing. It was insane! It has a perfect smoky grilled flavor, a nice crunch, a hint of sweet, a zing of citrus, and a fantastic Asian flare. It was absolutely delicious. More so than I anticipated. Yum!
Gluten free, vegetarian and vegan items are clearly marks. 
It's a cool place to watch a game on one of the many flat screens. 
It's also located very close to both Union Transfer and The Electric Factory making it a fantastic stop pre or post show. 
Super easy unmetered parking on Spring Garden. This area needed a place like this. We will certainly be back!I was hoping for something great here. I was disappointed. The beers were mediocre and lifeless. As a beer judge I'd rate them 25-30 out of the BJCP 50 max. The food was even more disappointing!! I ordered "Duck Confit" cassoulet with gnocchi. It didn't even taste like duck. More like tomato water rinsed chicken breast. The waiter didn't even know what confit was but pedaled it like the authentic French cuisine. I cannot recommend.My friend and I popped in here for a late lunch early dinner and the place wasn't too crowded. It's a great place for big parties/big group of friends because there 4 long tables that can seat about 10 people. The drinks and food are a different take on classic drinks/food. I liked the staff and service. :)Roy Pitz has some great sour beers, which everyone pretty much loves nowadays. When I went there was the sour hound, a gose, a cherry sour, a tart sour, and a sour IPA. At first I sat at the bar and the there was very helpful. He saw that I didn't like the gose (switched with my friend) and recommended his way of enjoying it, which was to top it off a little with the IPA. It was very interesting and better after that actually! I liked his honest opinion of the beer.
We moved to the table and our group ordered more beers and food. They do offer flights, but we weren't aware of that until someone asked. The food is pretty tasty, but is very rich pub food. 
Overall it's a nice space and great for group hangouts, though it may be wise to get there early or make a reservation for a table, as it can get busy if you go during peak hours.Roy-Pitz Barrel House served as the dinner stop for my brother's bachelor party. He's not a drinker but this place was perfect. The long communal tables let us all socialize over some fantastic beers and great food--the brisket panini was a hit with about half of us ordering it. 
What really made the evening was the service. We had reservations but rolled in a little early. The hostess sat us right away and the wait-staff took car of all our food and drink orders quickly. We never had an empty glass and our entrees came out fast. 
I'll be back and I'll be bringing a crowd--again!Really great atmosphere in a cool building, food was a good portion at a good price and really tasty I had the pork belly BLT with fries for brunch. Nice beers with cask and nitro options as well. Friendly service. Can't ask for much more.Visited this place for the first time last year when it first opened. I liked everything about it but beer. Today after a year I happened to be in the area and decided to check it out again. This time on top of decor I liked beer also. Had a watermelon pilsner and a regular pilsner. I have to check their happy hour deals and I might be coming more often. Two times I have been there it wasn't too crowded so I think its a good place for a conversation.RP is a great addition to this section of the city. The staff are amazing, very engaging and try to deliver a positive experience, specifically with our 2 girls (5 and 8). We probably have eaten here 2x a month since it opened because of the vibe, staff and quality of the food/drink. 
While the beer is of high quality, I find the execution a bit inconsistent. I generally like the beer, but would not say that I love any of them. 
They offer small batch/local liquor and wine, so their offerings are a bit limited, but I have liked the cocktails I have tried. We have not tried the wine. 
The food is always good. The menu is pretty diverse and I normally find something that fits my mood. When then have a specials list, it takes the experience to a new level of options. Of the standard menu, the brussel sprouts are very good and the pretzel is THE BEST IN THE CITY. 
We are very happy to have this as an option and recommend it to anyone looking for a place to enjoy a meal/drink.I went there during the second weekend it was open. The service was absolutely terrible. Swore I wouldn't go back, then a friend wanted to have birthday brunch there... and it was worse. Super understaffed, so the wait terrible, and the guy who seems to be running the place is miserable. He actually complained to us that he was working instead of enjoying the Fourth of July. Didn't feel like they wanted our business either time I was there. Done with this place. Can't believe they've gotten some good reviews.You have to try this place! The service was laid back and friendly, the beer selection was diverse and delicious, and the room was charming and spacious.  We visited with a group of adults and 5 kids for Sunday brunch, and our server was accommodating and attentive. Always been a fan of the beer, but now I'm a fan of their restaurant too. Everyone in our group got a different brunch dish and all the plates were clean! See you again soon!These guys got slammed on the day of the Eagles parade and handled it like pros. Unbelievable service, especially considering the insane amount of people that showed up. And the beer and food are top notch!Cool spot. A lot of beers on tap, including a large selection of sours- my favorite. Good prices and tasty bar food. Service was friendly but pretty slow, had to work a little to get our server's attention.I am blown away that this is only rated with 4 stars. Every beer I tried was amazing. The service is excellent. Food was delicious. And the variety is out of this world. When picking between Roy Pitz and yards, I will choose Roy pitz 100% of the time.I popped by here the other night after a long day of work. Despite it being busy, I ordered my drinks and food and they were delivered with no delay. Their specialty cocktails were out of this world - especially the hibiscus cocktail. The food was stellar. I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves a good beer (IPA, sour) and friends who prefer cocktails, especially if you want a delicious but quick meal. So good!
PS If you're headed to a show at Union Transfer this is, by far, the best place to go before or after the show. It's so close and will satisfy you if you're just in for a quick drink or a meal.Beers are good especially if you're interested in sours. Only been here once but the bread proportions to the chickpea salad sandwich and shrimp tempura po boy is a bit much. Left a lot of wasted bread on our plates. On the other hand if you have any addiction to fresh French fries you are in luck. Try it out space is cool and lofty and staff are very welcoming. Cheers!!I really liked it here.. the burger was awesome, fries were good, beers are different and good. They have a sampler of beers which was pretty cool...check it outA much needed restaurant / bar in this neighborhood. The $3 HH for beers is amazing, especially because they offer a great selection that you can't find in many other bars in this city. They also have delicious food - I recommend the chicken salad sandwich.Came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and am already planning to come back. They have good beer and the food was AMAZING. I got their Duck & Roasted Fig Cavatappi and I must say, it was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten. It was so rich and creamy, and the duck was perfect. They have a wide selection of beer and are all reasonably price. Definitely recommend this place to anybody.Generally speaking, it can always be risky trying a new spot in town on opening weekend, but I must say, Roy Pitz did not disappoint! Amazing selection of beers, including some delightful sours, and the food was top notch! The BBQ egg rolls were amazing... We will definitely return!!The beer was good.  A good selection although very heavily leaning on IPAs and Sours.  I had the Laydown Stay Down a  Belgian Dark Ale that was very tasty.
The food on the other hand was just okay.  My son and I shared the Pork Belly & Root Vegetable Empanadas.  The empanadas were drizzled with a green crema...the menu says jalapeno crema. I had to llok back at the menu to see "jalapeno" listed because we seriously had no idea what the base was because it had no flavor...it was tasteless.  Inside the empanada was a mix of root veg and cheese and if there was pork belly it was just a hint.  Nothing on the plate was offensive in any way but just not standout. 
i then had the Barrel House Burger.  Ordered medium.  Received medium well but still very juicy and the meat was tasty.  (The menu says "short rib & brisket blend"  but from what I tasted I believe there is also some chuck in the blend) Bacon was cut think and like the burger overcooked. Unlike thin cut bacon, which gets crispy when overcooked, thick bacon just gets hard and that's what I had.  The sauces and accompaniments on the burger were very good. I particularly liked the pickles and onions on the burger.  House cut fries were also very good.
Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  
Overall,  I think it's a better place for beer than for food.  The food is not bad...but "not bad" is not a reason to go.Great beers/cocktails! And they have food. What more could you ask for Sunday football watching?! 
Definitely get the pretzelGreat new brew house for the area.  We have gone here a few times now and it has been a great experience each time with regards to the food, service and beer.  They have an amazing selection of craft beers, particularly their sours and barrel aged offerings, all delicious.  The pretzel was awesome with multiple dipping sauces and mustard.  I will absolutely be coming back here again and again, they provide great service that is courteous, attentive and friendly; have a cool decor and back it all up with their beer and food.  Keep up the great work Roy!Giving it a 5 but really a 4.5, and only because I'd like to see a slightly larger food menu and/or maybe some bolder flavors.
The beer is great and seems to change often enough to appease those with short attention spans, like me!  Every time I've gone there I've taken home crowlers and I live literally right around the corner.  (Read that as a good thing)
We've tried just about all of the food there, which has all been very good.  I go there for the beer, and I want to be just as excited with the food variety as I am with the beer.  Nothing negative to say, but variety is the spice of life!
Overall, they are in a great location and smart to have chosen that spot.  I see a bright future for the barrel house!Awesome selection of Sour beers. Industrial decor with neat artwork on the wall. Only had the pretzel app and tiramisu but both were great.  Great beers.Had dinner there on a Wednesday night, so not crowded at all. Hostess and Server were friendly and attentive. Decor is fun and interesting. Beer list is extensive. Sour beers seem to be a specialty and I had never had one. Didn't care for it, but that's not their fault. Food was decent bar food. Wings were tasty. We had the chicken roll app as well and, to be honest, it was a bit mushy. Wife had the burger and fries and that tasted good. I had the stuffed eggplant which was visually appealing but honestly bland and I needed some salt and tabasco. Daughter had the fried green tomato caprese and liked it very much.  Overall decent, but I'd probably stick to beer and apps.One of the best breweries I have been to in a while. Outstanding food in addition to the very creative beer menu. 
We ordered a couple of flights of beer, a giant German pretzel, a few more beers and shrimp tacos. 
Kick-ass menu and experience. The manger, the bar tender, the server and a few others all stopped at the table to see us. We got a lot of attention. 
We also picked up another t-shirt for our brewery shirt collection.Holy smokes is this place awesome! My husband and I were wandering the city with a friend and headed into Roy Pitz just as they were opening this Saturday and had an awesome time! We were familiar with their goods from their first location in PA, and their new barrel house did not disappoint. 
 It's first worth mentioning that the interior design of this place is off the hook... wine barrels and tanks line one side, the huge bar/beer mecca the second, an incredible hand painter mural, and then floor to ceiling windows the last with fabulous decor throughout. And oh. My. Gosh. The beer. Nectar of the gods  They had -oh I don't know- a crazy 20+ beers on tap, ranging from their oldie but goodie Sour Hound, to this Pretzel Gose that was like TASTING A SALTY MERMAID, to one of their new barrel aged creations that would make any beer lover weep. They've truly figured it out here- from all angles down to the last delicious drop!
Go here. Eat here. Drink here. You will be merry. Cannot suggest highly enough.Roy-Pitz is a great-looking venue run by a number of extremely helpful people, but with more flaws than I had hoped for.
The building: It's in a great location on Spring Garden St., lack of parking aside. Upon walking in, I noticed that the room was a little smaller than I had been expecting, but we were fortunate to get a table nonetheless. It made good use of the natural light coming in from the windows, which furthered the feeling that you were sitting in an outdoor beer garden, only indoors. The building didn't have an ATM, which was not helpful when it came time to settle up the bill with friends.
The beer: After trying one of their sour beers, I then ordered a flight so I was able to try a variety. Most of them were middle-of-the-road to underwhelming. In particular, their Best Blonde lager was really stale tasting, and Daddy Fat Sacks IPA was much more malty than hoppy. On the flip-side though, the Nice Dreams Tart Cherry was the one standout: it was exceptionally delicious. Be careful, I like my sour beers as sour as possible. So if you're like me, you'll enjoy it. But if you're not one for ultra-sour then tread lightly. But I liked it.
The food: They had a pretty decent menu. The meat and cheese appetizer was fun - especially whatever they roasted the walnuts in that came with the platter. I couldn't put my finger on it, but it added a little interesting sweetness to them. I was not a fan of the French fries with cheese and bacon. The fries were hard and the cheese just made it clumpy. The cheesecake dessert was one of the best pieces of cheesecake I've had in a long time. 
The staff: When I first arrived, I parked the car on the street and only had a quarter to feed the meter (which means I had about 6 minutes). The host gladly broke a five dollar bill into quarters for me and did so even while saying it was probably going to make her job a little difficult but she wanted to help me out. Given the parking situation outside, I assumed my request was an all-day occurrence there and that she was going to laugh in my face. But instead, she went out of her way to give me a hand. That was huge. Our server Mike was a real nice guy, he helped pick out some selections for us and was really accommodating as we went back and forth making our choices. 
Overall, I think Roy-Pitz has some kinks to work out here. However, my #1 turnoff anywhere I go is going to be lousy service, but their service was nothing less than spectacular! And that really sets the tone more in my mind. So as long as they continue to excel with staffing the great help, I think they'll have a chance to find their way in the long run.GREAT beer, spacious, friendly and knowledgeable staff. The pretzel appetizer is huge and  delicious, so it's a good one to split. Prices are very reasonable, and their happy hour looks great! Will be backOmg my FAVORITE fried Brussels sprouts i feel like im going to crave these now, all i can say is i get them everywhere and these are hands down my favorite. The pretzel here is MASSIVE buttery and soooo yummy and the cheese sauce and mustard were on point, sooo good and cheep...every beer we had was AMAZING we loved it all I just wish they had a Maryland Location so i could go back again and again...the server was great he was very attentive and helpful with the beers he even brough us out a server sheet with more of a description then the menue and he gave us some free samples of his faves....really nice place if anything you go for the sour hound, and apps...The sour beer I had was excellent, and they had so much selection. The bar staff is as friendly as they come. I would highly recommend this place.Why so many good reviews?? We went on a Friday night for happy hour - it was outrageously loud despite the sound panels on the ceiling to reduce the noise. We ordered some apps and a couple of mains and settled in with outlet drinks. To our surprise, everything came at once - the table was overflowing. By the time we made our way to starting our mains, they were cold as ice. Not sure what the restaurant strategy was on that. Doubt we'll be back, despite the reasonable price.The beer selection was excellent, and we each got a flight because it was so hard to choose. The atmosphere is excellent and the staff was friendly and attentive. The food was great, taking basics and stepping them up. I had their cubano, and everything about it was so right, from the meat to the spicy pickles. The side salad was fresh and crisp. No down notes on this trip, and I would definitely come again!The owner of this restaurant is fantastic to deal with! He is wonderful and has been so helpful for my large group and the reservation process!Cool space.  Solid solid beer, really good, creative food (especially for a brewery space).  Definitely should check it out.A hidden gem of a brewery pub in the underrated neighborhood of... hm what is this neighborhood? Spring Garden? Poplar? 
The aesthetics inside is industrial hip-ness. Very chill/low-key vibe. I saw post-grad groups of friends hanging out and some families with little kids hanging out at 3pm on a Saturday. There are board games provided. I actually brought a book to read. Bf brought his review book for studying and no one judged us lol. Quite spacious with long tables like Frankford Hall. Would be a good post-dinner hangout place, a group birthday bar spot, or even a low-key first date spot instead of a coffeeshop. 
Beer price points are very fair. 8oz runs $3-4, 16oz runs $5-7, 20 oz $8-10, and pitchers (poured about 4-5 pints) were $15-20. 
Most importantly GET THE FRIES!!!!! 
They seriously made my day.
For $5, they give you a heap of what seems like the most crisp fries I've had in Philly. I wondered if they were double fried or something. No one fry was soggy or undercooked. You can also get sriracha as condiment. 
The waitstaff was friendly and quick. 
One-liner: get fries along with beers, trust me you won't regret it.Popped in here for a quick beer and was surprised I didn't know about this place sooner. A+ ambiance and interesting beer selection. It's kind of in the middle of "nowhere" relative to myself--but I'd seek it out especially with a group (though I was by myself). Very spacious and relaxed. Didn't try any food but the plates I saw looked decent!Ok when did this place open and why was I not informed? I ended up here during a break between my dodgeball games down the street and was soooooo pleasantly surprised. It is huge, there weren't many people there (probably because it was like 11 am on a sunday), and they had huge tables that could accommodate my entire team. On top of everything else, they have LOTs of beer that they brew. Did I mention the beer was delicious!
I did not eat but a lot of my teammates did and their food looked absolutely delicious. My one friend loved his fried chicken sandwich. 
I drank the fat daddy sacks beer. It is an ipa and I was extremely happy. The vibe of the place is chill and relaxing. I would go back anytime to have another beer (or 6) and try some of the food. You guys rock.Went before a show at Union Transfer. Friendly servers, wide selection of beers (a lot of spurs) and good food selection. It's a traditional beer hall space with long tables and a positive atmosphere. It's a great addition to the spring garden neighborhood! I'll be back.Not only do they have a unique beer selection, their food is above the standard for breweries. A creative menu with some rest veg and gf options too. I almost didn't get the persimmon panini but so glad I did. Highly recommend  this place! One  of my new favorites  Also, ask the bartender for the Nintendo controllers and you can play some old school Nintendo games too.I really enjoy this barrel house. I'm huge on atmosphere and this place nails it! From the murals, to the lighting, to the large tables it just feels welcoming. You also can't beat their happy hour ($3 pints?!) They have really good selections of their beer too. Sour Hound- one of their flagships- is definitely my favorite. They don't have any good options on happy hour but don't let that deter you from getting food because theirs is very yummy. It can get pretty busy during happy hour so show up early! Next they need to explore some outdoor seating for the summer, that would be great!The happy hour is a great deal. Very cool spot with pretty good beer. Nothing incredible, but Doc's Pale Ale and Daddy Fat Sacks are standouts for me.Atmosphere is industrial with a rustic touch, and works well.  We had a couple of snacks which were good.  Flights went over well with all three of us, beers were very good for a small independent brewery.  
Service was very good, slipping us an extra taster due to previous conversation.  
If this place were closer, then I'd be stopping in frequently!3.5 stars
I feel like this is a nice space for drinks, but unfortunately I came here as a brunch spot, so can only review it as such. Food was fine but selections were limited - but my scrambled eggs were delicious. The hash was too fried imo. The duck Benedict actually had surprisingly delicious pieces of duck. It was also completely empty at brunch making it very easy to walk in and grab seats for a large group, which is always a plus for brunch.Coming to Philadelphia during a hot week in July, a cold beer was in order.  And the new Roy Pitz Barrel House was where a couple of friends suggested meeting up.  Roy Pitz is a well-known craft brewery from Chambersburg, PA and they have opened a branch in Philly in a great space on Spring Garden Street, right near the Union Transfer. They call their beer offerings here 'Liquid Art' and indeed there are 16 Pitz beers on draught.  They are most famous for their sour ales and I can testify that both the Sour Hound and Sour Cherry Hound beers are perfect for a hot summer day.  I also tried the Captured Culpbrett IPA which was of good quality.  There is of course food served at the very friendly Roy Pitz Barrel House but I was there to drink beer!Let me tell you - I really enjoyed my visit to the Roy-Pitz Barrel House. I popped in on an early Sunday afternoon, very hungry and thirsty, after at day at the Franklin Institute. I'm a huge beer lover, and I had never even heard of Roy-Pitz prior to this day. It was a suggestion of my fellow beer-loving date, who had never been either. 
We drove and snagged free street parking right in front. While I'm sure this was likely just serendipitous, it automatically made me love this place. Upon entering the place was dead. Like...dead dead. I was unsure, honestly, if they were even open. The space is fantastic. Industrial-chic, if you will. Clean, open, bright, and a great place to bring friends and mingle about. Given how empty it was, I wanted to go outside and shout up and down Spring Garden to invite people in. 
My date and I grabbed seats at the bar, ordered a flight, and chatted with the friendly bartender who was knowledgeable, accommodating, and full of good suggestions. Our flights were about $15 for four 4oz. pours. They were a couple dollars more than a regular flight, because we chose to include two specialty beers. I've definitely had cheaper flights other places, but I enjoyed all the beers I tried. One of their sours, Mr. Pitz, was very tasty but very, very tart. Overall though, I was impressed with their taste and variety. Just a little bummed by the price tag. (not too bummed though, because my date paid.)
We snacked on the German Pretzel and BBQ Egg Rolls. The German Pretzel was another fabulous suggestion by the bartender. I know it's a simple bar snack, but it was honestly one of the best pretzels I've ever had, and served with both beer cheese and grainy mustard. The egg rolls were good. Different. Also served with mustard, which was a bit curious. They weren't bad, but they weren't my favorite.
Honestly though, more people need to know about this location. It's fantastic hang for afternoon drinks. It's got great potential as chill, fun, gathering place. THERE ARE TVs HERE TOO! GREAT FOR FOOTBALL WATCHING. This is either a hidden gem or I came on an off day. Either way - spread the word, because I'd like to see this place stick around.Came here for Happy Hour before Paint Nite and am so glad I found this place! Wide and spacious with long picnic tables and benches as well as individual dining tables in a casual industrial vibe. Comfortable and attentive service. Delicious burgers and great beers on tap! Will definitely be returning.Beers great, wings too! We walked over here and got a flight (4 beers=$10). All were tasty- we ordered wings when started getting the drunchies. They were super meaty and delicious, but I wish they came with celery stalks. We played their board games until happy hour time- a time you SHOULD NOT miss. Basically every beer is $3 (half off). That was definitely a good deal! I was hoping their "on deck" beers were available, because one of them piqued my curiosity. They're honestly there just to tease your liver. The bartender was great company. I wish her the best of luck in her studies!Brought a group of beer loving friends here for a birthday celebration and while the beers were quite good, the food was sub-par and the service spotty. A few of us ordered panini and when the sandwiches came out they were on thin toasted white bread.  the server apologized for not mentioning earlier that they had run out of "panini bread." The fries were woefully under seasoned and when i asked for an aioli dipping sauce, the server said she would "look for some" and then never brought it or mentioned it again.  i didn't bother asking again because by that point i was finished with my meal. when we were ready to pay to bill we had to go looking for the server who was sitting at another table doing side work and chatting with co workers.  the bathroom was quite dirty and considering that the place wasn't crowded, is unacceptable. i would return to sit at the bar and have a beer but wouldn't attempt to eat a meal here again.Great vibe, very cool spot. I've always been a fan of the brews, but checked it out on Friday evening after having a few at Love City down the street. The service was great, with the bartender providing good recommendations. Music was good, menu looked awesome and the food smelled delicious. Nice chill vibe and the physical space and atmosphere is impressive. Will be back for sure. Great spot!Absolutely incredible experience at Roy-Pitz. Normally my wife and I visit a couple times a year, but decided to have my client appreciation/holiday party there this year and could not have been happier! We had about 30 guests and everyone really enjoyed themselves. The beer, food, and service were all top notch. Leading up to the event we worked with Mike to plan the event and he was super accommodating and flexible with our requests. We had a private space laid out for us, a dedicated server, and an awesome spread . Would highly recommend Roy-Pitz for the beer enthusiast, foodie, or for large groups events!They have a lot of vegetarian friendly food options so this was the perfect place to bring my friend. I ordered the brussel sprouts and they were awesome. The beer list is pretty heavy on sour beers and they make great sours. My only complaint is that the Brett IPA tasted like they messed up the fermentation - it had a pretty strong band-aid taste. The staff is friendly and fast and they weren't too busy on a Sunday evening.This place has a super cool vibe. We went here before a show at Union Transfer and it was perfect!  Lots of seating, and very open with great decor and the big windows that add to the look.  The selection of beers was very good and my sister liked that they also had creative cocktails.  I enjoyed several craft brews, especially the coffee infused ale.  The menu was also creative and delicious.  We shared the empanadas which were big and full of flavor.  Then I had the taco special. At first I thought it would be small, just two tacos but they were so full of meat that I ended up with three tacos.  She had the duck and fig cavatappi  pasta that was delicious.  
I will definitely come back here.wish i was closer to Roy Pitz. spacious and clean. excellent beer and bar food. friendly attentive servers. location makes it a nice place to go before a show or meeting up with friends from out of town.Like many bars/breweries in the Callowhill/NoLibs area, the atmosphere is pretty standard: industrial modern with concrete and wood accents. The food is absolutely delectable--the brussels sprouts paired with apples, fried chickpeas and lemon miso vinaigrette? BANGIN'. So bangin', in fact, that I ordered the lemon miso vinaigrette on my salad, too. So good. The drafts are tasty, too, and they have a pretty fair and wide range of options (I'm a wheat ale/fruit beer kinda softie), which was refreshing and much appreciated. The staff was also supremely helpful and pleasant. Can't wait to go again.