I went yesterday for the first time. The atmosphere was very nice. The young lady that took my order was pleasant. She told me right away that there was a 20 wait for ox tails. Which was fine because I wanted brown stewed chicken. The portion was good. I was excited to try when I got home. 
I was disappointed when I finally was able to eat. The chicken did have any flavor. It was dry. I love that the made it with breasts but it did not taste great. The greens I also order were bland. They were tender but didn't have any flavor to make me want more. I do not think I will be back.I don't know how I've missed this spot all these years.  Stopped in yesterday evening to grab some dinner--it's hard to describe how impressed I am with the experience.
John and the others greeted me as soon as I entered and he took time to explain the menu and make various suggestions of what I might like to try.  I knew I wanted oxtails, rice & cabbage for myself.  I ordered the mango-jerk chicken, mac & cheese & collards for my husband.  Every single item was delicious.  Most restaurants fail miserably at mac & cheese---not Royal's.  I only got one bite from my husband's platter--that's all he was willing to part with.
While I waited for my order, John gave me samples of several sides.  How nice is that?  And not only do they offer Caribbean food but they've got standard soul-food offerings too.  Fantastic food and I've never had better, friendlier service anywhere.  I'd give this place more than 5 stars if I could.So far all I can attest to are the mock chicken dishes which were way better than I expected for a vegan meal coming out of a non-vegan cuisine and an in area where you don't see lots of vegetarian friendly spots. All of the sides besides the Mac 'n cheese and potato salad are vegan too, I believe. The restaurant has a mostly non-vegan menu but we were pleasantly surprised. I got a stomach ache because I enjoyed it so much I ate too much too fast! I eat meat but my husband doesn't so having been a vegetarian before and a meat eater now, I think I am well seasoned on both sides to say they do good vegetarian food. Can't wait to go back and try some of the meat dishes and more sides. Oh and the reason for the 4-star vs 5 is the collards! I was totally expecting them to be more flavorful and buttery or something. They were actually pretty rough and bland.The food had good flavor but the bean were a bit tough, the tail had more fat than meat and I didn't understand the cabbage. It definitely wasn't bad, just wasn't my flavor. Had to try something new though!Not just the best Jamaican restaurant I've been to, but about as good as it gets for a restaurant of any type.  And, their humongeous order of mango jerk salmon provided leftovers for another two meals.One of my favorite places to dine, clean, professional and food tastes great. They got me hooked the first time when I was looking for some Caribbean food, came in and was offered at least 5 different side dish samples with 2 types of juices for free (small samples). It showed confidence in their craft and did not disappoint. Im going there today to get some turkey wings, mango jerk chicken and baked mac for real. Owner is a real dude.Royal's Restaurant is an amazing Caribbean restaurant in West Oak Lane. The food is cooked to perfection and well seasoned and reasonably priced. They have a rather extensive menu and weekly lunch specials. Anything you can think of they have. Curry, Jerk, Stewed, Fried etc. They also have loads of side dishes. Potato Salad, Mac and Cheese, Greens, Cabbage, White Rice, Rice and Peas, and more. They even make salads! 
My husband turned me on to this place, we usually come here after service on Saturdays, and on Saturdays the place is packed with people ordering food. In fact one Saturday, we went to get Curry chicken and they were out, so they recommended the Stewed Chicken. I was a little skeptical because It wasn't something I normally order, but it was delicious, and now my mom prefers to MIX her order with Curry and Stewed. 
Our usual staples are the Jerk Chicken, Curry Chicken Rice and Peas, Cabbage and their Mac and Cheese. But one day I stumbled upon something they had called "Mango Jerk Salmon" and its what i get every time i come. Two people can go in this place with about $20 and load up on food and have leftovers. 
This is a family restaurant so they treat you like your a friend they haven't seen in awhile whenever you come in. They also have a few tables and chairs inside, but its more of a take out place, which is fine with me, because I'd rather attack my food privately. LOL. 
My only issue (and its not a complaint ) is that the candied yams are verrrrrrrrrrrrrrry sweet. They are delicious, but i have to eat them along with something else to cut the taste. If you eat them with a spoonful of something else you can eat them just fine.I thought I finally found a great authentic Jamaican restaurant in my area, huh,smh. There is no consistency. I ordered curry shrimp platter and fried plantains and it's ok at best. I continue to search for consistent & authentic tasting Caribbean food.Absolutely delicious authentic Jamaican food! Doesn't get better than this. Staff is courteous and friendly, and they will even let you sample the food. A must try!Discovering this restaurant was the highlight of an otherwise dreary day. The service was really friendly, and they even gave us samples of their sides to try! I've never been a fan of collard greens, but I definitely enjoyed these. I ordered jerk chicken and the spiciness and seasoning as well as moisture was perfect. My husband had the escovitch and enjoyed that too. They gave us warning that the escovitch takes longer to prepare, but it was only 15 minutes and worth the wait. We enjoyed their food so much we got corn pudding and patties to go.First off, the food is amazing.  Never had a bad meal, we come every time I visit Philadelphia!  The staff are so welcoming and let us sample the veggies our first time to make a decision.Let me just say that this name suits them just fine. Why you ask? because they treat their customers like Royalty! 
Let me take it back 5 yrs ago. When they first opened or I should say when I first discovered Royals I was 6 months pregnant and was craving fried plantains. I went into the store next door but they did not have any, and they had no interest in making a pregnant woman a plate. 
I was getting into my car and saw the flags basically advertising a new business. I walked in asked the cook did he have plantains he said no, I stared at him and say I want plantains and they don't have them next door. He told me give him 5 mins, I sat down and I had my friend plantains in 5 mins and it was free too. 
Turns out there is this superstition about giving a pregnant woman what she wants when she has a craving or something bad happens.......any hoo
Since then I have been eating at Royals....and then Angelene their hostess was added to the staff. When you get the pleasure of  experiencing her customer service, you will never, ever meet another server like her anywhere. 
How do I know? Because I worked for a hotel and customer service is a huge deal when I spend my money. 
She offers suggestions,  tell you about their discounts, remind you that you need a drink with your meal and offers dessert. It like she is from a freaking 5 start restaurant in another city. 
My favorite dishes 
Lunch:
Veggie Patties and coconut water or Jerk chicken sandwich on wheat with coconut water.
Dinner:
Oxtail, rice and beans wt plantains of course or curry chicken and rice.
My husband  favorite dish is: stewed turkey wings, mac n cheese with candy yams. 
And you can find them on facebook too......
Royal's is my #1 place to eat traditional island food!My husband and I love this spot already! The food is very good, very fresh & the portions are very generous. I can't remember going to a place & everything  we got was very delicious! Like a lot of places though, they run out of some popular dishes fast, but I can understand why because their food is that good! Angela is very nice & accommodating. I couldn't ask for anything more! We will be back!I've been here once with my mom. This food is very good. I'm used to finding gems hidden in not the most ideal locations, but I've yet to have a bad experience yet. The prices are right on target for me, since I'm used to LA prices. I would totally make this a habit to eat at, if I wasn't already trying to manage my weight as it is. It tastes clean, not greasy or salty, and I love that this is a black owned business. And with that in mind, I have no problem giving them my support every time I am in town.I got the mango jerk chicken with rice and peas and candied yams. The rice and peas and yams were really good, however, I was disappointed with the mango jerk chicken. I didn't really taste much mango or jerk flavor. The portion sizes were lacking too compared to 
Jamaican D's. The tropical and mango iced teas were good.First time here and had to check them out since I'm a huge fan of Jamaican food. They had been closed for a while I guess for renovations.  Big disappointment.  I got the small oxtail platter  with cabbage and first thing I notice is the look of the gravy and how it looks off compared to most Jamaican restaurants I've been to across the city. I told the woman behind the counter I'd wait and taste it before I judged since she asked me how everything looks,  and she was kinda cute. 
Get home ready to go in I take my first bite and could tell right away the oxtail gravy is watered down. It also really didn't have a lot of flavor, sort of like they make it to fit every palate instead of the way you would at home. Anyway,  I move onto the cabbage and same thing-very little flavor.  
I can't see calling this a good Jamaican place,  in fact I can't see myself going back to try something else to make sure it wasn't a fluke.Great Jamaican food newly reminded resturant eat in or take out people are very friendly and great desert bar to choose fromWhen you walk into this place they make you feel right at home. They greet you with a smile and are very welcoming. I went late and they were out of a lot this is why I gave them 4 stars. But what I did get the curry chicken mac & cheese string beans and home made mango iced tea was fabulous. We also had jerk chicken wings. Mac & cheese and greens . ALL was great. 1st timers ask for a sample of the sides to help you choose. We will be back.$2.00 huge slices of homemade carrot, chocolate, or lemon pound cake? Who else has that!
Had the large order of the Mango Chicken and was throughly impressed. It tasted as the chicken was marinated for days and topped with fresh mangos along with a mango like tropical dressing. I'm a sucker for mushy and gooey mac-n-cheese and the first taste melted my heart. 
They also serve boneless fried chicken freshly prepared and juicy oxtail. And their homemade ice tea is undeniably delicious.This is hands down one of our favorite spots in the city. We are always welcomed with a smiling face and given such great service. Not to mention the food is out of this world! We won't go to another Caribbean spot in the city. The prices are so reasonable compared to the amount of food given. We love Royals. A customer for life!Love this place, its home cooking away from home.
I would have given this 5 stars, I think the last time I came it was late, and chicken wasn't as favorable as usual, and I ordered a large but the portions seemed off. 
I would definitely go back again! 
Usually its a 5 star experience.Awesome service always from this family earned business! Clean, friendly atmosphere and the food is the best! I have always been greeted with a smile when I come in.
I recommend the mango salmon and the oxtail platter. The mango ice tea is to die for!Wow, I am so sorry to have to give such a low review, but this is an honest unbiased review.  We have been regular customers of Ron's Caribbean Cuisine for a few years.  Unfortunately Ron's management has changed chefs and the food has tanked!  We have very busy schedules and Ron's was our go to at least two or three times a week.  One day on my way up to Willow Grove I passed by Royal's and notice their very nice outside banner, which prompted me to say to my husband that we should check them out.
We tried them tonight (sad face).  I had high hopes for this place, but I am not one that will blindly have the wool pulled over my eyes. First problem was the amount of food they give you.  WTH!!  I get it, they are in business to make money, but there needs to be a fair and equitable balance.  Secondly, the so called jerk chicken was chicken tenders that were stove top cooked.  WHAT?!  There were 6 ox tail bones in a small order.  Really?!  Over priced!  I do not do carbs, but the dude at the register kept trying to push the rice and beans.  Oddly, there was a guy in front of me was not feeling the rice either.  Go figure... To summarize, they need to take a trip to Jamaica to understand what authentic jerk chicken is about because they have no clue.  Sorry...I was here on 1/2/2016 (starting my new year off right) and it was my first time in the restaurant since the previous renovations. The place looks amazing and really different! When I drove by there were tons of people inside (no surprise) and since it was a Saturday night, I joked with the owner that they should call it "Club Royal's". Although the place looks new, the recipes are the same ones that I loved! This place is routinely consistent. This time, I ordered the jerk mango salmon, vegetarian stewed chicken and vegetarian curry chicken. (I have two vegetarians in my house now) All of it was great! I will definitely be back.Love their vegan menu, love their jerk chicken, the pasta and chicken patties! Great service!The restaurant has undergone a total renovation! It looks really beautiful inside.  The staff was super helpful.   I order oxtail, collard greens, rice and beans.  Since we were first time customers, we were given samples of Mac and cheese, cabbage and yams.  The cabbage was so good, I changed my order.  I washed all the food down with a kola champagne and was in heaven.  The hilarious thing is, the restaurant only has one menu.  This truly a takeout restaurant, although it has accommodations for sitting to eat.  
Before leaving, the staff person, John, informed me of he wide selection of vegetarian dishes and that the desserts are only $2! Can't beat that.  Please go and support this business.  Nice people and good food.Royals kitchen...ur a lucky one to find this spot! Amazing service....Angela was behind the counter and is the sweetest person u could ever meet. She makes that spot a must go to.
I had the oxtail, Mac and cheese, beans and rice....they give u ur money's worth and more. I finished all of it and still wanted more.
A spot that u would never notice driving by. A hidden place that those who know about it come back. I'll def be back at this spot when I travel to Philly from the bay!I really love carribean food and every time i visit any area, i try to look for it.  As I was driving to this place during the day, I got a few stares here and there, as i got closer, i knew i maybe should not have gone here, it is a bit ghetto and I'm sure you wouldn't want to be here at night.  But i was not disappointed, the food and service were really top notch.  The things that I ordered required at least a 20 minute wait, I was fine with that because freshly made food is awesome.  The lady even asked how did i find this place because I probably don't belong in he neighborhood lol.  The lady even offered me free samples of some of the sides.  I had the jerk shrimp fried rice and the jerk wings for take out.  Upon arriving to my hotel, the food was still piping hot.  The jerk shrimp fried rice was flavorful and a bit on the spicy side for most people who don't eat spicy.  The wings came right off the bones and very tender.  I liked my experience and would come back here.  Parking maybe a bit hard to find since it is in a residential neighborhood.I'm very glad I came here! The location isn't the greatest, it's on a corner of one of Philly's weird intersections where you have 5 and a half streets converging. I found some street parking and went inside. The place was clean and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. They found out I was a first time customer and they rolled out the red carpet. They gave me small samples of their mac & cheese, candied yam, collard greens, and corn bread. They also let me try their 2 homemade teas.
I ordered the oxtail with 2 sides: collard greens and peas and rice. The large was $12 and the small was $10. Luckily I splurged on the large, there was a decent amount of oxtail but not so much meat when you factor in the bones. The rice was tasty, the collard greens was overly salty.
The meal was filling and tasty. Unfortunately this place is not close and I rarely go to the neighborhood, but if you are in the area, give them a try. Tell them Yelp sent you!I used to work at Royals and I can attest that they truly care about customer satisfaction, cleanliness, and most importantly their food quality and taste. If anything is ever wrong, they won't hesitate to fix it and make sure the customer is satisfied. This is an authentic Jamaican restaurant with a heavy dose of brotherly love. My favorite dish is the Mango Salmon, and the Corn Pudding! I love this place and will always support this local gem.Great take-out Jamaican Cuisine. They really care about customer service and passionate about their food. They give descriptions upon asking and were very informative. The portions are average... no more,no less. The food was hot and tasted delicious! I gave 4 stars because the prices are slightly higher for a neighborhood place but it definitely makes up in taste! The decor has been updated to this urban but modern restaurant. VERY CLEAN!!! Parking is left to be desired. Try the made to order Mango Chicken Wings... sticky but oh so good! Oxtails are super tender and I doubt they use MSG because I didn't get the usual headache.The food here is by far the best restaurant out of all the Jamaican Restaurants. A hidden jewel in Philly. Not only is the food awesome, but so is the service (A+++++). Ms Pearl and Angeline are so nice and hospitable. Roy the cook is the bomb. I will be coming back here, over and over again. Thank you Royals Restaurant!!!Legit my favorite place for soul food and Caribbean food. I'm so glad they are back. On the low!!!!!!!!!!!!! The price is right but the food is better.Vegan paradise! I discovered this place Friday and four days later, I have to say I've been there 3 times already.  The restaurant staff are very welcoming and very customer friendly.  The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting.  The food is to die for and reasonably priced! I ordered a vegan chicken dish once and the vegan fish twice.  I was given a sample of various side dishes and wanted to order everything on the menu! Everything was awesome! It's the best vegan food I've every tasted.  Bravo chef! Bravo!To my delight they are open again. Authentic island food 'mon!  The jerked is how it supposed to be.  Come here for food cooked to order.. for you..  No assembly lines here. 
The portion sizes are good..   
They are sure to exceed your taste buds expectations!!This food was horrible!!!!!!! I waited 20 minutes for room temperature oxtails , tasteless macaroni and cheese , dry yams . Just nasty !!!!!! Also the portions were extra smallllllI first entered this restaurant after driving by. My friend is a vegetarian and very picky about what he eats. We entered and the ambiance is vibrant with a cool and friendly vibe. We were greeted by the staff..which is always a plus!  We were told about all the vegetarian choices and even given samples of the sides. Which is unheard of in a typical west Indian restaurant. I loved it. The guy...I didn't ask his name...I know shame..was proud of the restaurant proud of the food they served. I like people who take pride in food...it shows that they work on perfection. 
My friend ordered stew king fish with rice and peas which came with cabbage and some vegetables. It tasted great. The fish was just right. It wasn't soaked with gravy, but had some on top. It was well seasoned. When return, this is where we are heading for lunch and or dinner.Extremely satisfying meals with generous amounts for plenty of left overs. I purchased the stew chicken, w/ rice&beans & Mac & cheese. The stew chicken was the bomb..the meat literally fell of the bone =p..& Their Mac & cheese was delicious, an even balance of roni' & cheese.Omg! So many great things to say about this place. Let's start with the atmosphere. As soon as you walk in, you'll see that everything is clean and welcoming. But not as welcoming as the people that work here. You're always greeted with a smile instantly, if it's your first time they will let you sample most of their sides and ensure you order the perfect meal! I am currently eating their curry chicken, with white rice and candied yams (see pic below). Like seriously WTF! It's some of the best curry chicken I've tasted! Not salty or oily, the yams are AMAZING, just the right amount of sweetness and it all cost me only $7! I come here at least once a week to get my fix. If you love caribbean food, then you'll love Royal's. I recommend you try the jerk wings, beef pattie, curry chx, and candied yams. Oh and don't forget to thank me laterThis has to be the best Jamaican food spot in the city. I usually order the oxtail platter and you can't go wrong with any of the sides they offer. The store looks great since the the reopening, very nicely designed, comfortable atmosphere and always clean. The staff is always pleasant when taking my phone orders and even more friendly in person. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for delicious island food.The food here has so much food flavor. I would eat here everyday if I lived closer to this placeThe food is one of the best I have ever had! It's authentic, and they don't load there food full of salt because it's fresh and flavorful! The owner and people are friendly along with the great food at a great price!  I found this place accidentally while visiting patients and I keep coming back for more!Excellent Caribbean food!  Had the jerk chicken and jerk shrimp.  Came w 2 sides. Plenty of food and very tasty.   
A bonus was the yummy red velvet cake!
Highly recommended!My husband happen to Google Jamaican food and found Royals online, we have been hooked every since. We've tried jerk chicken, stew chicken (our favorite), salmon with jerk and mango sauce. When you enter the restaurant you are always greeted nicely. I'm originally from Brooklyn NY so I know a lot of good spots for Jamaican food in Brooklyn so I'm happy I came to royals when I get home sick.Yams is AMAZING! The Mac is just the right amount of cheesy the staff is very friendly for first time customers they give you samples of all the sides.The fried chicken is crispy and juicy definitely would recommend coming here.Best, best, best Jamaican food in the city!!! They even cater to vegetarians and vegans, AMAZING!Staff was friendly. Food was delicious. The fried chicken was exemplary. The jerk chicken was juicy and well seasoned. They also don't play around with the side game. Two sides come with a platter. The baked mac and cheese was delicious and the sides usually cover the entire platter. A true 5-star experience.Amazing food and service. I would highly recommend to everyone. The BBQ sauce is absolutely amazing and the Jerk Wings are second to none. The Tropical Fruit Punch is my personal greatest drink of all time. Go go go, but buy buy, it will change your life.First time here and I got the curry chicken, yellow rice, mac & cheese and red velvet cake slice.. Delicious!! Service is very friendly, MUCH MUCH better than Jamaican D's! $10 well spent.. Will definitely be back!I apologize Royal's. I apologize for my previous review because I warned people about the neighborhood. This restaurant is WORTH visiting. The interior is so modern and much more inviting and welcoming. But what is this new place inviting you to? The food. 
The food is still cooked with much love. Every since Royal's closed it's doors a year ago, I have visited many Jamaican places around the area and none (I repeat NONE) have ever filled in that void that Royal's has made in my stomach. The food is full of flavor and doesn't overpower you to a sleep coma. I love every item on their menu and more. 
This hidden secret gem is worth taking all of your out of town friends there. In the year Royal's was closed, Angela has never forgotten that it was all about the food and you can certainly tell she loves what she does. And you will too!This was the first time I've visited this place. The food was good and I would've given them 4 stars but after finding that my credit card was charged an additional $5 for tip that I never left since it was a pickup order, I don't think I can go back.  Just some shady people there!I love the mango jerk wings from here and the Mac and cheese is good as well. I don't think you get a lot of food in the large oxtail platter tho I only got 5 oxtails and was very disappointed because they were small too so I won't be ordering that again. The greens were really bland when I ordered them as well like they weren't seasoned at all. 
Think I'll just stick to the wings and Mac and cheese and the lemon pound cake was good tooHad jerk wings, Mac and yams. Food was good but a large platter from them is a small at most other Jamaican food restaurants and their prices are about the same. I'm use to being able to share my platter and us both be full, but not with the platter i received. Restaurant was very clean, staff was friendly and service was quick.I have to admit. I'm a Jamaican D fan...FOR LIFE. So my review may be a bit biased. To me the food here is just ok. 
This place is kind of hit or miss. Some days they are closed during the posted Hours or Operations and some days they're open when they're supposed to be. I happended to venture past on a day they decided to be open and probably should have kept going to Jamaican D's. 
I got a platter with jerk chicken, rice and peas and potato salad (I know, I know. Two starches...YES!) and was......Underwhelmed. The chicken seemed dry but that likely is because I'm used to the jerk sauce Jamaican D's put on their platters. Also, the sides were just okay. 
I will say that the staff deserves 6 stars. I got my order to go but they seemed pretty popular cause the place was packed in the small dining area with a lot of the after church crowd on a Sunday.Oxtails were BOMB! So good i only ate half and tried to save the rest for later.  But that didn't work! The fried shrimp were good but my sides were skimpy.Placed my order over the phone. The lady informed me that they did not have regular size snapper rather a smaller one and would put 2 pieces in the platter to make up for the small portion sizes. My husband went to pick up the platter and the lady showed him the platter then put it in the bag. When we got home (45 mins away) we discovered that there was only 1 piece of small snapper and not 2 as the lady stated would be in the platter. Since it's peppers and onions over the snapper my husband assumed that the 2 pieces were buried under onions and peppers. I called and spoke with the manager and was basically told that yes we were charged $16 per platter for 1 small piece. Poor customer service. Taste was mediocre. A lot of rice with no beans and a little bit on carrots. Will not patronize this business again!Best Jamaican food in the Mt.Airy section of Phila! I ordered here on Saturday; I got the jerk chicken platter w/ rice & beans and mac & cheese---delicious. The portions are great for leftovers. The remodeling is beautiful.The jerk shrimp platter is  with the green beans and yellow rice. Fluffy, flavorful, fresh, and delicious!!Exceptional food only matched by even better service. Corn pudding was unreal. We'll definitely be back.To have a person wait over 45 min for food is pathetic! They lost me!  I really wanted to give them a good review, but I just couldn't. I thought they were back there killing the chicken.  
I typically go to Talk of town but on Sundays they are. closed. I was told to try them totally my mistake, let's say lesson learned! I came in with other people they came left and a new group came left and I am still waiting I walked in at 4: 51 pm and as of 5:40 pm I am still waiting on food!  I received my food at 5:46 pm!! I couldn't call ahead because I didn't know the menu!  Let's talk about the food - The stew chicken a bunch of baby chicken legs no meat on most of the legs but didn't see meat in food! For 9.00 I expected meat, not bones! Thank God I also ordered jerk chicken white, I have tasted better bland food to have to wait almost an hour I am pure disgusted!! 
Never coming here again will travel to another place!Oxtail , greens, Mac and cheese looks good 
But not season I had season everything 
Ron's on broad street is a lot better. 
I didn't want to drive that far but I will next timeOne of my favorite Jamaican spots hands down! They never disappoint. The prices are also reasonable and portions are greatDisclaimer: This is nestled in the middle of a Philadelphia neighborhood. So don't expect the place to be like the Hilton.
I came in thinking the place was okay looking. There were maybe two tables or three that you can eat from if you wanted to eat in.
When I got to the counter, I had to wait like a minute before someone came. But when someone did, I was greeted with so much hospitality that I wouldn't expect from such an area. The lady was REALLY nice. She kindly asked me what I wanted and was always smiling. And she had repeat customers coming, which told me other people loved it. Best part is that she knew their names as well, which really sells the food.
But saving the best for last, I order the quintessential staples of Jamaican food: Jerk Chicken along with Baked Mac N Cheese and Candied Yams. The Jerk spice ran through all of the chicken and it was soft, compared to other places where the Jerk sat only on the surface. The Mac was so good. She definitely experimented with her Mac because she was using some unique ingredients. The Candied Yams: loved it. Wasn't baby food mushy, but at the same time was held together with great texture and sweetness. I will most definitely be coming back and telling my friends.
Get out of your comfort zone and get to Royal's, cause they treat their food and their customers, like royalty. Should get paid for "slogan".
One advice: Call in advance if you can, they take awhile to get it served because they get a lot of people ordering their food, but that is to be expected cause of how much care the food is given. You can taste the love.Amazing food.  Amazing service.  Well earned five stars.
Even though it is right around the corner, I had never been to Royal's until today.  I read the Yelp reviews and though, "I wonder why I never go to Royal's?"
We ordered:
- mac and cheese (very good, baked)
- jerk chicken (falls off the bone)
- stew chicken (moist, delicious)
- collard greens (solid)
- cabbage (pretty good, nothing to phone home about)
- chicken patty (good)
- spinach patty (good)
The customer service is second to none.  No complaints at all.  I will return.So we had a huge debate! Who's better royals or talk of the town cause they're right next door to each other, you know??? ‍ Well royals is definitely better but they have a have a shitty ass tone when they answer the phone, omg im serious, how they talk to you,is really nasty and they need to fix that cause I don't like horrible customer serviceI moved into the area a year ago and was ecstatic to find 2 West Indian spots next door to each other.  Seafood is my go-to and the mango jerk salmon is good.  I've had that several times.  My Jamaican palate does compel me to savor some oxtails and curry goat every now and again.  They do both well.  The oxtails, especially, were cooked to perfection - thick meaty chunks with beans and tons of rich, flavorful gravy over rice and peas.  I will never forget that meal (lol).
Chicken, however, does not seem to be their strong suit.  Or maybe I just don't have any luck when ordering it.  I had some white-meat jerk chicken about a month ago and the quality of the meat was icky.  Very trashy and red/brown, weird looking, on the inside.  I had to pick at the parts that were edible.  Didn't enjoy it at all.  I figured it might just be a fluke since I hadn't been disappointed in a meal to that point.  So, last night I ordered a curry chicken platter.  Unfortunately, I was really bummed when I got home and started digging in.  The flavor was there but the insides of the chicken pieces were mostly red and undercooked.  I had to pick off only the top layers that looked okay, which was pretty unsatisfying.  
I really like this spot.  It's very well-run, with cheerful and professional staff, and the owner is hands-on/personable.  I will just stay away from the chicken, moving forward.Food was ok. I had mango wings with Mac and cheese and yams. The mango chicken was really good. Wasn't too fond of the Mac and cheese or yams. But due to the staff and nice inside I would give it four stars.This place is the TRUTH!!! As a Jamaican, it can be hard to find a good Jamaican restaurant with authentic food that gives me the feeling of home. I stumbled on Royal's Restaurant and was pleasantly surprised to have found this gem in Philly!
The place is clean & has a modern feel. The staff was friendly, offered us a free sample since it was our 1st time & provided us with great customer service throughout our meal. We ordered the jerk wings with Mac & cheese & yams as well as the oxtail with rice & peas. The food was delicious!!I'll definitely be going back to Royal's & recommend you do the same!Love's me my new spot. OX Tails, Jerk wings, platters, Fish, deserts, everything is amazing here. Jamaican food is funny like that. A lot of people will have their specific one spot they take over anyone else. But, I love Royal's like that. The service and selection is great, they always have their full menu in stock. What's better is you can mix up your sides and choices of entree from the menu. I've eaten most of the main menu. It's been so so good.Royals Restaurant Food is good ; I've gotten the BBQ Jerk chicken a few times and the Salmon as well but the customer service is trash at times! Recently I ordered two platters and a drink the women could obviously see my hands were full and could not take the drink from her because it was raining and I had my wallet in one hand and food in the other ; instead of letting me pay for my food then giving me the drink I ended up putting it on the ground because I could not hold it; very rude. The energy from some of the employees here are negative and nasty even when ordering ,This will be my last time coming here !My First time trying the food here and to say it's good is an understatement. It is Delicious. I was not disappointed. I had the oxtail, mac and cheese, and yams and it was soooo good. I liked the fact that it wasn't greasy and thrown together and very much appetizing. I can't wait to try other dishes they have. I'm so happy I gave them a try. I also had their Royal Tea and it is now my new favorite and so good as well. I definitely will be back.I am NEVER disappointed with this place.  As soon as we walked in, we were pleasantly greeted with a beautiful smile. We ordered two platters of the same thing (oxtails, mac & cheese & yams) with cornbread pudding. I normally try the mango salmon which is amazing, but we wanted to try something different.  We waited about 8-10 minutes for our food and this was around 1:30pm on a Saturday (not bad at all).  The portions were just right for two large platters @ $26. Well worth it as the food was properly seasoned, the oxtails had a nice amount of meat on them and the cornbread was yummy.  The place was clean and not too crowded. I will definitely return and I have to try out what appeared to be their Alaskan crab leg platter that was on the electronic menu.The reviews don't lie, this place is so good! Our favorites are the jerk wings and the shrimpy curry platter with yellow rice and collard greens as the sides. We also always add the candied yams (OMG SO GOOD), corn pudding and mac n cheese. We want to try more of the menu but it's hard when these things are just always reliably delicious!
We wish there was a little more order to the pandemic pick-up process, as we feel there's no clear line or way of waiting outside, so you end up with folks jumping ahead of you... which is frustrating when you've been waiting a while.Every time I come to Philly, I come back to show love to this place. The male owner has great customer service and I appreciate his commitment to producing quality food. 
FYI, if you can, order ahead bc the wait can sometimes be long. Also, the mac n cheese and fish platters are always bomb.I went to Royal's this past weekend (10/5), and it was my first time there. My husband and I ordered takeout. Phone impressions are very important to me, as that is sometimes my first interaction with a place of business. The woman who answered the phone was so pleasant, and so patient! She repeated my order back to me (we ordered a lot), and everything was correct. When I got there, a gentleman helped me with my order (I think he was the owner?). He joked with me as he knew it was my first time there, based off of the way I acted lol. He was VERY nice, as was the woman who rung me up...I think it was the same lady who took my order over the phone. 
Moving along... once we got home (and we drove 54 minutes from our home to the restaurant), we devoured our food!! I LOVE Jamaican/Caribbean food, and we have nothing out where we live ‍. This place is EVERYTHING! The jerk wings...amazing. The mac & cheese...amazing. The yams...amazing. The greens...amazing. The curried goat...amazing. The corn pudding...amazing. Everything was amazing lol. We got 4 platters in total and it only came to $48, and the portions are good! I'm dying to go back, and I can't wait to do so. I love to support my people, and it was well worth it!Love, love, love Royals! Excellent service and tasty food every time! I'm a regular and love ordering from them.I had the jerk chicken, yams, cabbage and macaroni and cheese. Everything was so good. I will visit again when I'm in the area.I have dined here twice. First time had chicken. Very tasty. The second time I had the jerk salmon Alfredo. It was ok. I love the corn pudding. Their punch is good! The servers are very nice. They allow you to sample!! It's BYOB!!! Don't go too close to closing time because most their menu items won't be available. I will go back to try something else.This is my go-to spot for Jamaican food. The Curry Chicken, the collards, Mac and Cheese, and the peas and rice are the best! The customer service is fantastic. Also, their teas are to die for, and I have and will recommend Royals to my friends.Tried this place today, and didn't disappoint loved the corn pudding it was my first time ordering it. The curry goat was okay needed gravy and the oxtails were good to. I definitely will be back!