Today was my first time eating at (well, placing a take out order with) Royal Ashoka and I will absolutely be ordering from them again.  The food was amazing and the prices are very reasonable.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is as good or better than any I've had in the past, and the veggie samosas are delicious and as big as your fist.  With I could give more stars!Lots of vegan and vegetarian options, great spice levels. Attentive service. Would certainly come here again.Terrible food beware! Lamb chettinad was raw and oozing blood. Never coming here againNice Indian food. All dishes that we ordered were nice including chicken biryani, chicken chettinad, chilli chicken, chicken butter masala and naans. All of these had right amount of spices, even my kids ate well. Generally they so skip  Indian because of being too spicy. The curries has some authentic taste.  Good service as well.The food is terrible.  We went to the lunch buffet today.  All the curries were watered down.  The butter chicken had no taste. They have very few options for the buffet.  Will not go back there.I was reluctant to try this because my favorite Indian food is in newtown but I was proven wrong.  Very extensive menu with options for everyone.  Food is non-greasy and non-salty like other Indian places.  My favorite is the malai shrimp.  I have not tried the buffet yet but I am sure it's delicious.  Last night we tried the tandoori medley which was a combination of our favorite dishes.  It was a perfect dinner for 2.  Service is friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend this new restaurant!My wife and I went here for dinner last night as we heard a lot good things about the newly opened restaurant , OMG  the food is excellent we enjoyed every bit of it. My wife is not a great fan of Indian food She was like this is the best food she ever had And the service was great , The manager is so attentive. He made sure that we are enjoying the food . We will definitely go back there and Thank you again ROYAL ASHOKAI decided to order from Royal Ashoka on Ubereats. From someone who loves indian food, I was highly disappointed with the food I got. I ordered 2 naan, chicken tikka masala and gobi manchurian. The tikka had no flavor which is surprisingly since I asked for spicy. It was also really watered down. The gobi manchurian was even worse. It was so soggy and didnt look or taste how it should. I unfortunately had to throw it right out. I'm confused in my order since all the reviews for this restaurant are so good. Because of my experience I personally wouldn't order from here again.I gotta come back for the buffet! This was our first time here, and we were more than pleasantly surprised. The restaurant wasn't crowded, and we received very attentive service. TV with middle eastern music, accentuating, not distracting, as is common in some small restaurants with televisions for no reason. The staff was very friendly, and gave recommendations on what we might enjoy.
  Brought some wine with us and started with samosas, and medhu vada, both very good. My wife had the chicken tikka masala, chicken was cooked well, juicy, and the tomato, spice, and creaminess had a good balance to it. My daughter had the lamb korma, maybe the most delicious thing at our table that evening. I had  the goat curry, a last minuet switch. I was going to order the vindaloo, but was warned that it was very spicy, which I like, but spicy can mean a lot of things. I don't want to order the hottest thing on the menu with no idea what I'm getting into, and end up sweating, and tearing up like a little girl. The goat curry was spot on. The goat itself was very flavorful, but not gamey. the curry had a great flavor, and an amount of spiciness that was obvious, and enjoyable, but not more than I could handle, or distracting from the overall flavor of the dish. Very good. Now that I have an idea of how spicy some of their dishes are, I am totally getting into some of that vindaloo.
  Good sized portions, and very satisfied over all. definitely going back. Going back for the buffet. Why have just one plate of goodness when I can have.... I don't know. How many plates of goodness can I have and not feel bad about it? I think, more than you think. I'll let you know.I had ordered take out from here after hearing so many great things from my aunt. I ordered Matar paneer and navratan koram, and it was absolutely delicious. They also gave me some papad, chutneys, and halva in small containers which I was pretty surprised about. No  restaurant that I know of gives you all that for take out. 
The only negative thing I have to say is that they did not have any naan that day. They didn't even have any roti's. They only had wheat roti's, and I don't eat wheat. So, I had to go pick up naan from another restaurant. Next time, I will be ordered their chicken entrees and try them out.Sincerely the best Indian food around! Always a go to place for dinner. We have loved every meal we've ever gotten, but the chicken tikka masala is a faithful standby. The staff/owners could not be nicer or more friendly. One of our favorite restaurants!I try to come here atleast once a month. I have never been disappointed with the food, it is always excellent. Even when ordering the hottest items i was able to enjoy all the flavors of the spice rather than just having my mouth burned and not taste anything. Excellent service, excellent food. I recommend the curry. I normally spend around $50 on two heads. Come here if you want some good food.Awesome local Indian joint! Spice levels were exactly as requested. Everything we ordered was delicious.  I highly recommend the tandoori medley. We will definitely be ordering again soonThis is perhaps our favorite Indian restaurant on the East Coast. Their weekend buffet is so good we go every weekend. Friendly staff make the experience great, and the food is always fresh with amazing spices!!I used to order takeout from this place all the time last year.   I recently saw them on Uber Eats and decided to order from them again.  The food last year used to be great.  My favorite menu item is the Bagari Jhinga shrimp which is shrimp cooked with mustard and curry leaves. Has a great tangy flavor.
When i got my shrimp they tasted nothing like Bagari Jhinga. There was no tang from the mustard or taste from the curry leaves.  It tasted like a bland curry and it was flavorless.  Next the shrimp were all overcooked and rubbery.  I was so disappointed. I couldn't even eat it.
Maybe they have a new chef or are under new management.  Whatever it is, this restaurant seems to be going downhill in the quality department.  The only thing that tasted good still is the garlic naan.
I don't think ill be ordering here again.If you enjoy patronizing a place with sleazy ethics, then this is your place. After telling them we have a restaurant.com gift certificate ($25 off a bill of $50 or more), I was told Royal Ashoka "has no affiliation" with restaurant.com so they can't honor the certificate. When I protested, they offered 15% off the check! When I further protested that their name and address was on the certificate, I was told "I guess we'll honor it."  When my party arrived at the restaurant, the host took the certificate into the kitchen and returned to say "It's ok." When the check came, there was a mysterious charge of $3.52 added to the total. When I questioned what that was for, I was told, "Oh, you don't have to pay that if you pay in cash."  We paid in cash, left the place and will never return to that scam joint again! (The food was good, BTW, though a tad pricey.Three of us were looking for great Indian food. We live in Huntingdon Valley and we thought that we had to travel to get delicious authentic Indian fare. We were so wrong. Royal Ashoka is the real deal. Although the outside of the restaurant can may give you second thoughts, inside, we could not find a more attentive and warm staff. Everyone from the waiters down to the owner were friendly and open to our every request. This place is great. We are Indian food novices and stuck to the basic introductory dishes. Veggie Samosa, Chicken Tikka Masala, Condapur Chicken and Palak with paneer were all prepared fresh and all were outstanding. The highlight, of course was the Naan. We had plain as well as nuts and raisin Naan. Both were hot out of the oven. Fantastic. 
You and your belly will be very happy here. This will become our new go to spot. So happy it is in our neighborhood. 
The staff advised that they have buffet for weekend lunch. Hmmmm I may go today.Best Indian food around! My family loves their delicious Dosas and chicken tikka masala. My husband is a big fan of their bhel puri. Very nice owner! Always so nice and kind to my kids. We order take out a lot and love the buffet on the weekends too!My wife and I went to Royal Ashoka for dinner tonight for a long overdue date night.  We were delighted when we realized that an Indian restaurant opened so close to our house and hoped we didn't have to make the usual 40 minute drive to our "go-to" Indian restaurant.  Royal Ashoka turned out to be a wonderful restaurant!  The food was excellent and prepared with great care and attention to detail.  
Their naan was excellent and their chicken tikka (and masala) dishes were prepared perfectly as well.  The lentil topping for the basmati rice was a wonderful touch to a normally generic bowl of rice too.  The service was good and the wait staff were very attentive.  We didn't feel rushed at all either which was nice when you're trying to relax.  The portions were generous and we had enough to take home for leftovers!  We know what we're having for lunch tomorrow!
Can't wait to go back and try to broaden our Indian cuisine horizons trying new dishes.
Let's just say we found our new "go-to" close to home!Excellent Food, authentic taste. Had them cater for an event of over 200 people and they did an amazing job. Highly recommend themWe rarely go out to eat Indian as the curries taste the same and unimpressive. We loved the regional cuisine of Kerala at this place. Wheat parotas, freshly made was very good. My favorite is the mango shrimp curry, slightly tangy and the coconut gravy was so good. It is slightly out of our way, however we are definitely coming back.Love the atmosphere in this place and the staff is very courteous and professional. The Indian cuisine here is top notch and because I live only a few mins away, this is definitely my go to place! Would recommend this to anyone looking for great indian food, and try them during lunch because their prices are great!They changed their lunch special during the weekdays, but I really enjoyed it. For $10 I was able to pick an entrée that came with naan, rice, and a soft drink. The service was quick and the food was freshly made. Definitely would come again, the staff were quite friendly as well.Worst place ever. I have tried so many Indian restaurant but this has to be the worst among all. It was very hot in there and they didn't turn up the A.C. even when requested. There was not a single dish that the flies didn't taste.Flies all over the place. It wasn't busy when we were there but food still came out late.My parents are the fans of Indian food. I'm no judge, but they were happy with the food compared to other places they've been in area. They also enjoy the buffet which is there on Sundays. We also got a lesson on how to eat one of the dishes from a fellow customer which was super nice.Great selection of Buffet items,absolute value for money.Buffet is outstanding in quality and price,Hot piping food with excellent service.Found this here on Yelp last week.  We ordered take-out from there extensive menu.  The food was great!  We have a usual place we love, but it's kind of far away to grab quick dinner take-out, and the eat-in situation is not great.  I was impressed with the ambience and cleanliness of this new find.  My only complaints are that their sauces are a bit thin, but that's a small complaint, and they are a bit expensive.  Was worth it though!  We'll definitely be hitting this place up again for a dine-in experience or nice easy pick-up.This is the best Indian food in town! You will be in awe with the incredible flavors that every dish is prepared with. I keep coming back to eat the Gobi Manchurian. Do yourself a favor and try this place out, or even order takeout!Ordered take out,  food was excellent and portions were very generous. One of the best Indian restaurants in the area.Incredible meal of chicken korma, saag, and daal makhani. Everything was flavorful and perfectly spiced. Mango lassi is also delicious. Would highly recommend.Buffet has Expansive variety of specialties, platter types. I have noticed on my 5+ visits there (Ashoka is closed Tuesday's and I showed up longing for their tandoori chicken) that Ashoka is consistently a pleasant experience. the reason is that the Quality of food is excellent, the staff uber-polite and helpful. I have not had a regular dinner yet, but I am looking forward to it. the buffet is a very good value and it's close to where I work.This was my first experience with Indian food, and it completely blew my mind. We over ordered and are every last bite because we couldn't spare to waste a bite. Service was phenomenal but the food was even better.Took take out from this place after reading rave reviews. Sadly this restaurant might have taken a turn for the worst. There was nothing good I could say about the food we were really disappointed after the hyped reviews. Please avoid you are better off buying frozen Indian  foodThe best lunch buffet I have ever had! Great selection & fresh.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.Excellent Indian food!  Quick and efficient service too.  Asked the waiter for some suggestions and they were great. Also had the Nann. 
Went for the Buffet, but was told that it's only on the weekends.  
Will definitely go back for the buffet!It's the best South Indian Restorent in Philadelphia. Wonderful crews and they providing excellent service through out.Visited this restaurant on my birthday with my wife after reading the multiple (100%) 5 star reviews, and boy they did not disappoint!
Being vegetarian, we ordered samosa chat, saag paneer and malai kofta, all of them extremely delicious. When I suggested the malai kofta was slightly overcooked (and therefore hard) than our liking, they promptly apologised and the chef personally brought a new order with "perfect" Koftas. 
Great experience, highly recommend and will definitely come back!This new Indian restaurant seems large and professional. It was hard to find if you parked on Bayberry since it's on the opposite side and you have to walk around. They should have a clear sign directing to the actual place. The Buffet is a great idea, but the staff don't seem to check the situation unless customers complain that there is no more rice and other missing items that others have eaten already. I suppose the food choices should have included more options, and that more bread should have been offered by the restaurant staff. The amount we paid felt somewhat pricy for what we got. I don't even recall them having enough napkins. I wouldn't run back there any time soon, and that is quite unfortunate as I love Indian food.We tried the weekend buffet. It is a nice assortment of favorites including Chicken Tandoori, masala, biriyani, korma and curry. Vegetarian options include the usual fried rice, pakora and cabbage.There are plenty of tasty entrees with a good amount of spices. Entrees that were noted as spicy (with peppers) were just what we expected. For entrees we had the Mushroom Kadai and Coondapur Vegetables. The mushrooms were a hearty dish for a hungry vegan. There were separate categories for different types of food (vegan, vegetarian, seafood, etc.) which made it very easy to see what was available to eat for specialty diets. The vegetable dish was smooth and creamy with a delicious coconut curry sauce, chock full of vegetables cooked al denté. The dining experience was very nice and our water was constantly filled (about 4 times). Will definitely be back!Went for lunch on a Tuesday hoping to catch the buffet, but the buffet was only available on the weekends. Resturant was empty when we got there around 1. My friend and I got the butter chicken and the chicken biriyani with butter nann.  The butter nann was delicious, but the rest was okay.  The chicken biriyani taste bland with not enough chicken and spices.  The butter chicken was good but there was so much more sauce compared to chicken.Loved the food here. Can't believe they have that many items popping out of that one kitchen. 
Took our friends there for the first time and they loved it too. Mike says thumbs up! to Madras coffee too :)I went here on a whim on a Sunday afternoon.  Didn't expect much, but was pleasantly surprised by their buffet spread.  It all looked pretty good visually. and was nicely displayed.  They had most of the typical things, but what stood out to me was their tandoor chicken pieces.  They were juicy, with extremely good tandoor smoke flavors (more than I've tasted anywhere else).  Very impressive, I could have eaten only that and been satisfied.  Their chana masala was also very tasty, both as an appetizer served on a raised tray and served as a hot curry.  There naan was also very authentic, made individually for each person.  In addition, they served a small dosa with potato filling, which I downed quickly.  Their chicken tikka masala was just ok, but it seems that most restaurants make that a bit less thick for the buffet.  They could have thickened that up a bit.  The vegetarian curries seemed to be a little better than the meat curries.  They also had some Indo-Chinese dishes that were good. I will definitely come back to the buffet, but I want to go in the evening and order a la carte to see if they serve the curries thicker.  One more thing. I went at about 1PM on Sunday and most of the tables were empty, but only about 15 minutes later, piles of people started coming in independently, and the place became almost filled to capacity.Very good Indian food. Especially chilli chicken. The staff very courteous. Highly recommend it!We did a lunch buffet on a Sunday. About $13/pp. They were able to accommodate our party of 10 without a problem.
The dishes were very good in the buffet. They were all flavorful. Some spicy, some not. The staff were helpful to explain foods that were unfamiliar, and even how some of the relishes complemented certain foods. 
I would absolutely go back again. 
Ps the things that look like doughnuts are made from lentils. The custard is exceptional in the dessert sector.This place is by far the best Indian Restaurant in Bensalem with great food and immaculate service. The restaurant offers a wide variety of North and south indian cuisine including specially crafted recipes of seasoned chefs. The host Rahul is a very humble and accomodating person. The best part is that the food is lip smacking and comes in very generous portions. Totally worth every penny spent! The restaurant also offers weekend buffets which is a great opportunity for people like me who love to try different dishes as it offers a vast spread of more than 20-25 items. Will definitely come here again very soon...Btw tonite I'd ordered Lamb Chettinad and totally loved every bite of it. Must try place for Authentic Indian Food!!! 5I really enjoyed our dining experience!  Service was terrific and both the lamb chettinad and chicken tikka dishes were generous portion sizes and tasty. 
The BYO option is nice and this restaurant is our new favorite for Indian cuisineThe decor and service is great. The food is good as well and for the price, they give you plenty of food options with the buffet. Have to try out their regular menu next time. Their tandoori chicken might be the best i have had at a buffet in the area.We just finished our first meal, take out, and it was delicious! We hadn't been in the area for a while and were so happy to see this restaurant. The staff was so kind and the menu had plenty to choose from. We tried the palak paneer and the butter chicken and we were very happy and will most definitely be back!A cursory glance at positive reviews (live and learn) brought me last Thursday evening at 7 PM. The restaurant was 100% empty of customers. I disregarded the voice in my head and justified it being a Thursday night... not a big restaurant night.The decor is neither a positive nor negative... just kind of "there." The place was clean. Plates, glasses, and silverware spotless. I ordered a mango lassi, chicken vindaloo and palak paneer with a garlic naan. The lassi was excellent. The food was not. Mediocre at best. The vindaloo was not spicy but overwhelmed by large strips of onion (vindaloo recipes call for finely diced onion), many potatoes and sparse, rubbery, gristly chicken. The palak paneer must have been made in a blender with cheese cubes added at the end. The naan was late to arrive and disappointing. I left 90% of the meal on the table, paid my bill and left.Oh, my.Royal Ashoka sits in a small commercial strip along Philmont Avenue in Northeast Philly.  If you are curious, go to their website for descriptions of their broad menu of north and south Indian delights, plus a nice video on top showing colorful veggies being tossed in a frying pan.  
The house is well appointed with linen and silverware, although the ceiling recessed lighting needs improvement, as it casts shadows at odd angles over the tables. Lower, more subtle sconces would be a big help.  Service is great, and it is apparent management is knee deep in helping out, and takes pride in their efforts.  
Our meal began with Ragada, a chaat variation with Potato Patties, Chickpeas, Yogurt, Mint and Tamarind.  It was delicious and the star of the show.  It was way more than expected, and it was hard to stop eating it to leave room for what was to come.  Gobi Manchurian was a battered and deep fried Cauliflower dish that comes from the mountainous area of North India, near the cultural borders with China.  It was reddish and spicy.  This dish was prepared with a heavy batter that coated the florets like you would find in a General Tso's dish in a Chinese  restaurant.  When I have had this before, there was no such batter, but the veggie was lightly breaded and exposed directly to the chili spice mix, holding a rich burning red and mildly crunchy finish.  The batter approach was not as good as the alternatives elsewhere.
Our last entre was Chicken Amwalla, a Mango Cream sauced Tikka.  This was a first taste of Mango in Indian food for me (other than Mango Lassis), and I liked its creamy fruitiness, and the curry mixed well with it.  The Chili Garlic Naan was great - fresh, hot and jalapeno/garlic richness.  Perfect sponge for sopping up the Amwalla sauce.  
We were really stuffed by this point, and had decided to take the rest home, when our server approached with complimentary Rice Pudding.  Talk about max overload!  I took a small sample.  It was wonderfully creamy sweet.  They were kind enough to understand that we just couldn't finish it and packed it up with the rest of our leftovers.  
Royal Asoka is very good.  Remove the drop ceiling and enhance the mood lighting, and it would be a more romantic destination.Great fish, mango shrimp curry and veggie curry. Amazing service and the food was so flavorful. I'll definitely be coming back!Love this place. Good food and friendly staff. Goat vindaloo and okra masala was amazing with garlic naan. Will definitely go there again.New owners.  Not very good.  The vegetables were clearly from frozen.  The sauces were gummy and bland.  Sorry too see what once was a very good place go down hill.Recently came here with my family for dinner. The place itself is located in a little corner shopping center that you could easily miss if you blinked. If you do spot this hidden gem, you're in for a treat. Only somewhat negative was the food took a little while but that's pretty standard for a quality Indian restaurant. Everything we selected was made to order and done very well. Ordered indo-chinese and punjabi dishes along with the dosa appetizer. The spice levels were perfect and the food itself was delicious. They even catered to a few off menu requests for my nephew. The prices aren't bad at all and the bill was less than I expected for the amount we ordered.  This will def be my new go to spot for great Indian food especially in an area that doesn't have too many worth while places. Overall, Royal Ashoka is a must go spot if you enjoy delicious and high quality Indian food.I had the weekday lunch buffet today. It's $9.99 and includes fresh naan that is bought to the table. The buffet had two fried pakoras for appetizer. I only had the vegetarian entrees. There was a mix of south and North Indian dishes. A total of 2 curries, one spinach, one cabbage dish called poriyal were in the buffet. The meat section had 2 chicken dishes and 1 lamb curry. For dessert there was gajar halwa and rice pudding or kheer. I would have liked to see a daal in the buffet along with chole and Gulab jamun . The rice was not basmati and was cold. None of the food was piping hot - it was warm not hot which is disappointing for Indian food. Service was fine and the server was attentive.I was driving by on my way out of town and saw the sign and decided to take a punt and I'm very glad I did.
The owners were super nice, service was especially courteous and prompt and I really enjoyed the food.
It was full of flavour, had lots of pepper just as I had hoped for and was very tasty.
So much so that when I'm in the area next I will definitely be stopping by.Excellent service, amazing food, lovely atmosphere and reasonable price. We got the lentil soup, cauliflower appetizer, an order of rice, naan, chicken tikka masala, and palak paneer. Everything was heavenly! I mean it. Perfection! The wait staff was extremely attentive and kind as well! This is my new Indian food restaurant of choice when in Philly. I will absolutely be recommending Royal Ashoka to my friends. I can't wait to go back and be myself! Five stars well deserved!