Finally got to check this place out yesterday and I was not disappointed! I sat at the bar and was completely amazed my all the liquor they had. I got the smoked kielbasa and collared greens, both were delicious and the pricing was on point. The staff was friendly and the owner really interacts with all the customers to make sure they are satisfied. I can't wait to come back at some point this week!So I liked Rubb but they seemed inconsistent with their food, also its VERY expensive! $30 for a full rack? you must be joking... the ribs are good, but not that good. 4 of us went for dinner, we ordered 4 beers, 2 cocktails, 3 sides and 2 racks it cost us $200!! The price was outrageous for the amount of food we had or lack there of. The one rack of ribs were amazing, very tender and flavorful, the 2nd rack was totally different... very tough with no flavor at all, I'm not sure how that could happen since we ordered them at the exact same time. The fries were really really really good, I'd recommend adding old bay and cheese sauce. Also for those with celiac the FRIES ARE GLUTEN FREE so def recommend getting them!I gave this place a shot during a mid week BBQ craving. The decor is trendy and the bar still needs to be stocked. I assume PA is making it tough for them to get a liquor license. The customer service was awesome and the hostess was super nice. 
Now onto the food..
I got the pork rib platter with mac and cheese. I have to say it was excellent. Much better then some of the other local spots. 
I am glad that a local business finally opened with some great BBQ!
Long live Manayunk!!The atmosphere was good. The food was pretty good also. However, I gave the restaurant 3 stars because they ran out of brisket as well as cheese. It was only 8pm on a Friday. We were given a simple sorry we're out. That pretty much put a damper on the visit. I would go bad to give the restaurant a second chance.Pork bbq sandwiches are probably one of my favorite sandwiches and I can honestly say that this was probably one of the best I have had. The pork  was perfectly tender, seasoned and the cole slaw was delicious on the sandwich. 
In terms of the BYOB... I actually sometimes prefer a BYOB restaurant since so many jack up the prices on drinks. I would much rather bring my own beer that I prefer to drink.
Overall great place with excellent food. I can gladly say I will be back again soonDelicious food. I had the beef brisket and Mac n cheese. Amazing BBQ ribs. Awesome list of beer. Everyone was so nice and attentive. I'm visiting from Los Angeles and Zack, the wonderful bartender, gave us a list of cool places to see. Thank you for the wonderful hospitality.This place is so delicious. It's the authentic BBQ I've been looking for after graduating college in North Carolina. this place is the real deal. Highly recommend!I absolutely love this place. I had been here once before, and returned last night with some friends visiting from out of town. I was shocked we didn't have to wait for a table.. Especially since it was a Friday night. The place is relatively small, so if you have a big group it may be had to all sit together. The bar is nice, and offers some amazing cocktails. I had the Jack Rose, which I would highly recommend
For dinner I had a pulled pork plate with fries and cornbread. Cornbread is an absolute must! It's so good, and usually comes out warm. The sauces come on the side, so you can add as much or as little as you'd like. You get a decent amount of food.. Which is good and it's not expensive at all. 
The ambiance is great, and the interior is pretty cool. I'm a sucker for BBQ - and this place is just plain awesome. I'll definitely be going back soon.Went here Friday night around 8:30pm for the second time eating here. Brisket was way way way too salty. I don't normally notice salt in food like that. I couldn't drink my water fast enough. And idk if it's just me but the water wasn't refreshing at all. I like ice in my water and there was no ice! Anyway, If the meat hadn't been too salty it would've been perfect. The meat was cooked amazing otherwise.
The first time I came here they had amazing fried pickles. That was sadly no longer on the menu. And they were out of cornbread! For the prices of the food I expected a better experience than what I had. Might not be coming here again.Went there today Ribs were ok.
Don't order chicken we were given a very dry small chicken breast with nothing else and charged $9. It was certainly not worth it.
Not sure we will go there again.Terrible, from beginning to end. Came with 3 guys from England here on business and sat at the bar for food and drinks. The 2 people behind the bar acted like they couldn't be bothered the entire time we were there. And the food was very sub par, especially by Main St standards. Instead of racking up a couple hundred dollar tab like at all the other places we hit while they were in town, we couldn't wait to get out of there and away from the god awful service and left immediately after we finished eating. I was in such a rush to leave I didn't even finish my beer.LOVED THIS PLACE! Main Street is such a fun experience and this place is part of that fun! As other reviewers mentioned it is on the smaller scale but finding big establishments on Main Street is a huge task! 
Great atmosphere, even better food and such friendly wait staff. We've been back time and time again.Definitely will be back to try more menu options! $1 ribs, wings and hot dogs and $3 drafts when the Eagles play. I'm not a football fan, but I'll become one to take advantage of these deals. Rubb has a warm, cozy atmosphere. It's casual. Decent draft list. I wouldn't bring small kids here, but older kids would be fine. Seating options include bar and tables.Came here per recommendation of Brittany M. Was craving some BBQ and thought I'd check it out. The ribs are fall of the bone amazing goodness. Happened to come when the Eagles were playing and it was def $1 for wings and ribs. The best part is that the special is all day not just when the game is on! 
When I went, there weren't any $3 draft specials like Brittany got, so that was a little disappointing. In addition , this place wasn't as packed as the many other bars on main st given the Eagles game was on. I was actually quite surprised by that but hey I enjoyed not being surrounded by craziness during those last few of minutes the Patriots being defeated...Pretty good. 
Great beer list, great decor.. wish I coulda tried the bourbon selection which was huge.
Price for amount of barbecue is high.. though the quality is decent, worth checking out.KEEPS GETTING BETTER. I've been here three times, the first before they had their liquor license, the second a few months later, and the third last night. The food has always been great but last night was by far the best. 
The drinks are great and the bourbon list extensive. They were slightly understaffed last night but the bartenders and waitstaff are always nice and attentive. My boyfriend and I got a bunch of food and shared it all (with the intent of bringing some leftovers home as well).
We ordered the jalapeño hush puppies, crispy pork belly bites, half pound of pulled pork, half pound of kielbasa, a half rack of ribs and my favorite side, the coleslaw. The baked beans are also great. We've ordered the mac and cheese before too (I'm a sucker for mac and cheese) but we aren't huge fans, it's so creamy that the pasta is kind of mushy and everything just mushes together. The pulled pork is by far my favorite for the meat options. The kielbasa was a game time decision and it did not disappoint. The ribs are a little peppery for me but the texture is great and my boyfriend was a big fan. The CRISPY PORK BELLY BITES are the best thing I've had here. You must try them. Hush puppies aren't really my thing but if you like hush puppies, I think they're good here. The coleslaw is killer. 
This is a place we will keep coming back to whenever we are in the mood for some good BBQ.Happy hour = 8$ cheddar burger with fries, half off their (diverse) draft list, and special cocktails. Definitely one of the better happy hour menus around! I came back again for their regular dinner food though, and wasn't AS impressed. I got their 2 meat combo with mac and cheese. Mac and cheese tasted like instant mac and cheese with panko flakes to make it appear non-instant. Beef brisket was so thin it looked like bacon strips.
I will definitely be back during happy hour but not during dinner.The first time my wife and I came here, we were so blown away by how good the barbeque is that I've been straight up jonesin' for it again to see if it is really that good. It is. This is the real deal folks. Ribs are ridiculous. They never touch a grill except to heat them up before eating. Dry rubbed and smoked. That's it. Delicious BBQ sauce on the side is not even necessary. The 14-hour smoked brisket is of another world. Layers of flavor and smoke. Hand pulled pork is moist and chunky and is awesome on a potato roll with some of their bangin slaw. Tons of attention is also paid to the side dishes. Baked beans with burnt brisket tips. Slammin! Collards are tangy and spicy. Mac and cheese is creamy and salty. YUM! Fresh cut fries were cooked perfectly. If there is better BBQ in this town, I haven't found it. And I've looked. Nice staff too. Good and friendly service.Tried out this new spot since they finally got their liquor license and now offer a full bar. Excellent selection of craft beers to choose from. The food was delicious. We had the jalapeño cheddar hush puppies and I had the pulled pork sandwich, it was excellently flavored and moist, the creamy slaw and au jous was a really nice touch.The bar and location is awesome, a good scene. The food was very very delicious, I got the full rack ribs and it was very savory. The best part was their BBQ sauces, soooo good. 
The corn though, was very watery and tasteless. Do not get the corn on the cob.
The drink list is very good and I have enjoyed my time there, a must go when you are hungry as hell!Great place! 24 taps with worldly beers and half price for happy hour. The BBQ is amazing. Smoked fresh daily so they do run out.I have been to rubb twice since it opened.. The beer selection is good; they have a lot on tap. It's a nice environment for drinks! Awesome cocktails .
After one bad experience; the cook showed us what we were missing! Awesome food; tender, fresh, tasty. 
Love it!!!Awesome BBQ in Manayunk. Ribs are amazing, brisket is king, burnt ends, pork belly oh and the best thing of it all! The beef and cheddar! Probably the greatest thing on earth....I'm not kidding if you didn't try it then your missing out on greatnessThis place has the most amazing brisket I've ever eaten. It's the way meat should be made. We tried everything and it was all great- the pulled pork, the chicken, and the ribs. But I must say the ribs and brisket are the way to go (all 4 of us were in love with these 2). You don't even need sauce because everything is already full of flavor.I really enjoyed my first visit to the restaurant.  I stopped in on a Sunday and was able to get a seat right away.  I order the pork, chicken, and the beef brisket with a side of fries.  Everything was great!  The chicken wasn't dry and had a really good smoked flavor. Of the three meats that i got i think i liked the pork the best.  I also had a side of cornbread which i highly recommend adding to your meal.  Cannot wait to go back.Rubb, I had high hopes for you as a more upscale/trendy bbq joint. The meats were pretty good. We over-ordered and over-spent though, and I really wish the waitress would have at least given a warning about that. I was also disappointed that my husband's full rack of ribs did not include any sides or cornbread - come on, that's a hefty price tag and you couldn't have thrown in some Slaw at least? My platter was ok, two slices of brisket, one was delicious and the other was 95% fat-I couldn't eat the 2nd slice. The restaurant atmosphere was fun and manayunky, no surprises there. It seemed like every time we tried to order something (including items suggested by the waitress), 5 minutes after ordering the waitress would return and tell us that the restaurant is out of that item-this was kind of strange because it kept happening. Large (24) rotating draft selection, but not enough variety in terms of types of beers (everything was an IPA or stout). Overall I think I will try a different bbq joint next time, as I was underwhelmed for the price.This is the best pulled pork I've ever had. My fiancee said his ribs were some of the best he's eaten- perfectly charred outside, moist and tender inside. All sides- cole slaw, mac & cheese, and candied yams were outstanding. Rarely have I enjoyed every aspect of a meal as much as this one. 
Already can't wait to return. 
Our waitress was a delight- perfect blend of helpful and unobtrusive.Well worth the 2 1/2 year wait!! My husband and I have been walking by this place for a while waiting for them to open. Last night we finally made it in and will never regret it. We sat at the bar with a couple of our friends while Josh served us meticulously mixed cocktails. The hubster got his favorite, an old fashioned, and I got picky and asked him to make an elderflower Collins. Josh did a great job. My husband is always disappointed when he orders an old fashioned but not last night. 
I ordered the Sid Lucius smokehouse burger and I can safely say it was the best burger I have had in a very long time. I'm a huge ketchup fan and did not even use one drop. That's saying a lot. Husband ordered the fried chicken which, again, best fried chicken either of us have had, maybe ever. It's not breaded like a typical fried chicken. It's done fried turkey style. Very well seasoned and incredibly juicy. On top of that, they thought we waited too long, so they upgraded his half chicken to a whole. We were only waiting for like ten minutes. 
I seriously can't wait to get back. We very much enjoyed our meals and I hope they keep up the good work.
Oh and obviously they got their liquor license and they have a MASSIVE selection of really nice stuff.For Pennsylvania, I'll give this five stars.  I'm originally from North Carolina, so I certainly don't have the expectation of top notch southern BBQ in PA.  All in all for PA, this is about as good as you can get BBQ wise.FINALLY DECENT BBQ IN PHILLY! I've been to Rubb twice now and tried different items- get the ribs and the Mac n Cheese (super unique take on a classic) and get blown away. Try the pulled pork and happy hour specials and you won't be let down.
Love it here!I liked my pulled pork sandwich and fries. The Whiskey Smash also tasted great. Our waiter/bartender was also very attentive and cool. The only qualm I had was the wait time for the food. Kind of on the long side, but we came at 11pm, so I kind of just figured perhaps it was due to that. I'd go back if I'm ever in Manayunk. Seemed like a lot of restaurants were closing their kitchens and were desolate by 10, but at least this place was open.Good barbecue that is slightly unique because they offer dry rub meats. They narrowed down the menu so the sides are all really good. The kielbasa was awesome and so was the pulled pork. The sauces are good but not great. Also offer some great sandwiches and their fries are awesome.
Great drink menu and a huge selection of beers and whiskeys. Decor was really cool inside.Wow!! From start to finish-The brisket is AMAZING--true labor of love for master Que chef Rich:). The cocktails are handcrafted and superb- the atmosphere is upscale and fabulous.I really want to like this place, although the food is good the mgt/ servers could use some improvement. Today was the second time I have tried eating here only to show up and door be locked with all their staff inside staring at me (like I'm the crazy one) when their hours both stated outside and when you call (because I did) say they should be open... It was 12:30 in the afternoon and I was told by a guy who said they "should" be open in an hour or so?!!?!??? That is NO way to run a business on my book- I walked right over to the barbecue place that just opened up where there gladly took my money and gave me service!Great service especially at the bar. Great bartender. Food was amazing. I will definitely be back.  Awesome selection of whiskey and bourbon.We are recently transplanted from KC so we know BBQ.  Rubb did not disappoint! Chicken is moist and the best skin ever...ribs were delicious and beans are a close second to Jack Stacks in KC. We will be back!The food here was very good.  I got the two meat platter which allows you to choose chicken, pulled pork, or sliced strips of brisket.  The brisket was very flavorful and the pork was solid also.  The meat did not need the BBQ sauce but I tried the spicy BBQ sauce some of it which was delicious and had a nice kick to it. We tried several of the sides including the collard greens, mac and cheese, and baked beans.  The mac and cheese was very cheesy (which I like) and the beans had a strong smoky flavor to them (I also like this). The only drawback from a food perspective was the Brisket sandwich.  It was not bad but kind of bland; frankly, the brisket outside of the sandwich had a lot more flavor to it.  The bar is now open which, I can see in previous posts, was not the case for quite a while.  The beer selection is good and they have a ton of whiskey's to choose from.  The service was fine.  They weren't overly busy and we sat at the bar but they were attentive when we needed them to be and our food came out quickly so no complaints there.Absolutely amazing ribs. No need for sauce just good seasoning and flavor. A+. Dates appetizer are awesome too.Service was terrible! The waitress sat in the back the whole time eating. Bar was also closed which was a bummer and the food took foreeeeeever. 
Heard there is a new BBQ spot opening right across the street.  Can't wait to try them outThe ribs here were INCREDIBLE! I didn't think I'd like the dry rub style but the rub is so flavorful that I loved it more than the sauce I got on the side! Ribs were moist and meaty and just soo good...my friend was malign fun of me because I kept going Mmmnn while eating! 
Currently this place is BYOB. Never a bad thing! 
Ambiance is good. It's like a mom and pop shop got revamped to be a but more mod. I like the style for sure. Small tables with brown paper table covers...good for getting messy. 
The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the sides are expensive and in my opinion not worth it. I got the cornbread and pickles which while great, were definitely not worth the price.Came here per yelp ratings of restaurants in Manayunk. I was craving some wings and didn't even know it. Actually, I am usually a fan of boneless wings but alas tried buffalo wings here. If all wings are as good as these, then I am a fan. It was $1 per wing and $6 for elderberry beer, sort of like spiked cider. Try the cheese fries!!!
Overall, I thought that wings were really great. However, seating was sort of weird where you seat yourself on long tables...sort of like school lunches with other people. Also, I asked the waitress if there were any specials and she said 'no'. This was only to find out the specials from a couple next to me. Sort of annoying.Went here for the first time last night. The pork was incredible and the Mac and cheese was the craziest I've ever had. It's smaller than I expected but had a fun atmosphere and all the employees were very nice!I've been to Rubb a handful of times and I have never been disappointed. Their bourbon selection is extensive and their BBQ food is great. The pork belly bites are an awesome way to start your meal. Bartenders and servers are always very nice. They even keep their bathrooms clean! Definitely a worthy stop when heading down Main Street in Manayunk.Great brisket. Fantastic Old-fashioned. 
I can't speak to a lot of Rubb's menu offerings, but in my opinion, their brisket far surpasses that bland stuff served across the street. The meat platter is generously portioned with a rustic presentation. 
I prefer the old-fashioned at Rubb over any other in Manayunk. The bartender is comfortable, knowledgable, and just attentive enough.I had the brisket, it was ok. smoking johns got the best brisket in town. sweet corn was delicious! I'm from Massachusetts and Cisco grey lady on tap is my fav ever, was unable to find it all over in Philadelphia and bam! found it here and it's right where I live! so I'll be coming here for the beer and corn.  sweet deal.Stopped in Rubb for a quick dinner tonight. We were greeted with a smile and seated immediately. My friend and I both ordered burgers. We were surprised at how small the burgers were despite the price tag. When I spend $14 on a burger I expect it to at least fill me up. With that said, the meat was cooked properly and the toppings were fresh. We also ordered the brisket Mac and cheese. Again, this item had it's pros and cons. The Mac and cheese was tasty and cheesy but completely lacked brisket except for a few crumbs. Picture eating a brisket sandwich and having a few crumbs left over then adding them to the Mac and cheese. The bar offered an extensive booze selection and some cool beers so Rubb escapes with a three star rating.Great atmosphere, wonderful dry barbecue and old fashioned hand made drinks make this place unique. The service was slow and seemingly unorganized but if you can get past that, the food and drink make up for it. The prices are reasonable but depending what you get, the portions can be small. 
Again, this is more of an upscale barbecue spot. The addition of the bar was pivotal, now if they can improve their customer processing then it could be a 5 star.Liquor License Pending*
Ordered: pulled pork sliders and spicy q wings
PP: solid - the pork was good, slaw on top standard, bread was a lil stale. Overall a solid bite and good price point (3/$8)
Wings: decent - small to large sized whole wings. Good spicy bbq sauce that was not too spicy. (5/$5)
Not bad, Not great. 3 stars.When it comes to BBQ food, this place is good. It's not the most amazing joint but it's good enough. I ordered the chicken sandwich. It was slamming. It had a spicy kick to it that I loved. It went well with the fries and a nice cold beer. Rubb has a very good beer selection. I was pleased. DO NOT order mac n' cheese. It was terrible- the worst mac n' cheese I've ever had.After stopping by a few weeks ago only to be told they had "run out of food" my wife and I decided to try again for a Saturday lunch. I'm glad we gave them another chance.  This is not good, but GREAT barbecue.
We have eaten 'cue all over the country, including Texas, the Carolinas, Kansas City, and Memphis. I have been low-and-slow wood smoking my own ribs, brisket and pork shoulder well over 10 years.
We wanted to try a few key items, so we both ordered the "two-meat" platters, and a "by the bone" single rib.  We were GOING to just go brisket, since I just put about 6 pounds of vacuum sealed pulled pork in the freezer last weekend.  Seeing that they offered locally sourced heritage pork, we couldn't pass it up.  We were SO glad we chose it.  
Brisket is the trickiest meat to barbecue. They are each like snowflakes... no two alike. The brisket was fork tender, and moist (but as we had slices from the flat and not the fattier point) it was quite lean.  No complaints, and I'm sure most health-conscious diners appreciate the healthier approach, next time I will ask for some fattier brisket.  The rub was perfect. SLIGHTLY salty, but much less so than one would typically find dining out.  Brisket was served Texas-style - No sauce (although there was both mild and spicy available.)  We tasted the sauces on our small brioche roll. This meat did not require sauce.
Now as to the pulled pork, I have been eating this particular dish every other day for a week, so it was going to take a lot to surprise me.  It did.  I always thought I made a pretty good version, and have had some nice plates and sammies throughout the South.  The quality of the pork was to DIE for !  Glistening with moisture, and with large hunks of "Mr. Brown" -  the bark where the rub caramelizes,  it was a dream of taste and texture.  Heritage pork obviously is what distinguishes this from other preparations (though the same in-house wood smoking technique used for the brisket was evident.) 
Normally, I eat pulled pork with a thin Carolina vinegar  sauce and coleslaw on a burger roll.  That would have been overkill for the subtleties of this version.
Although the 2-meat platter came with a side (wife had the baked beans with burnt-ends and I had the mac and cheese) we ordered a small side of collards with ham hocks - more on the sides later.
There was also a "by the bone" menu for ribs- very thoughtful - so ordered a single St. Louis (no wussy baby backs here) rib just to taste.  For $2.50 you can't go wrong. It was COVERED in crunchy bark and meaty enough that three of these would have made an adequate lunch, It was juicy and flavorful. "Fall-off-the-bone" tender is NOT something I typically admire in a rib (unless it was earned the old-fashioned way.)  This was not some par-boiled oven-baked pretender. It was a naturally tender rib.  Again, no sauce necessary.
All the meats were naturally tender and of a quality not often found in fine dining establishments let alone BBQ places.
As to the sides, the mac and cheese was al-dente twirly pasta swimming in a blend of cheeses and cream, lightly dusted with bread crumbs. The collards swam in a broth redolent of vinegar, sugar and a surprising blast of cayenne.  They were a TAD sweet to my taste buds (I am not used to sweet vegetables) but the sweet/sour/hot/ smoky (aided by the flecks of ham hock) flavors worked quite well.  We finished every bite.  Finally the beans (also flecked with tiny bits of burnt end meat) were not your average baked beans,  These had never seen the inside of a can. They tasted like ... surprise... BEANS!!!  The sauce was no a typical mix of ketchup and molasses either. These were honest-homemade baked beans.
There is no liquor license as of this writing (10/25/14) but they promise within a week or two (PA willing) to have a huge assortment of drafts and crafts as well as rare bourbons and rums to complement the food.
Our area is blessed with some passionate barbecue chefs, and I have never felt I couldn't find better-than-average examples here that compete with most of our country's regions.  Rubb, though, could find itself in a class of it's own.  Service was fast, efficient and friendly.
At the end of the meal, the bill was MAYBE five bucks more than one might pay at a dive.  Considering the ingredient costs, 50 bucks for two (including iced teas) in a rent-rich Main Street venue was a BARGAIN.I ate at Rubb in early November and it was awesome !! I was very disappointed when I returned this week.....it just wasn't the same...the food was terrible and very much lacking in flavor....especially  the sides. The service was poor...... Also very much lacking and management The waitress was more worried about her own food !! all she did was stay in the back and eat !! the bathroom was disgusting !! I would not recommend it... I'm excited about the BBQ restaurant opening right across the street, I've heard good things about it.  Smoking johns !!we loved it! we ordered take out yesterday and got a rack of ribs, brisket, mac n cheese, salad, and cole slaw. the rub on the ribs was great and we also got spicy, mild, and a carolina mustard sauce. all were pretty good flavors. so good we ordered again for our shop today! only thing that would make it perfect for us is if they delivered. thanks rubb! 
- cresson street tattooFinally. It opens. It took long enough. 
My boyfriend and I came here on October 4th, which was the first day of their soft opening. They are currently BYOB since the state of Pennsylvania, and their ridiculously stupid alcohol law board still has not produced a liquor license for Rubb. But, I am perfectly fine with saving some dough and consuming my own booze. It's just sad to see a beautiful bar sit there un-used. They have two large clear flat screen televisions. They have simple wood furniture, and two clean bathrooms. The atmosphere is dark and cozy perfectly place to hid your BBQ stains. 
My boyfriend and I took advantage of the window seats to grub while watching people make their moves to the bars of Manayunk.  
My boyfriend I started off while a half rack of ribs. They were perfectly chard on the outside while still fall off the bone. I think they were much better than Deke's ribs. We put them away quickly.
 I was disappointed that they didn't have the sausage. I am a huge fan of bbq sausage! I will have to come back and give them a try. 
We had a half pound of pulled pork, and the plate dish with half smoked turkey and brisket. The pulled pork was super juicy, heavenly! Turkey is hard to do, and most of the time people struggle with it. Sadly, Rubb wasn't any different, it was too dry. However, it did have a remarkably smoky flavor. The brisket was thickly cut, which threw me for a loop. I am used to thinly cut brisket sitting in red bbq sauce. This was a nice change. It had a great charred outside similar to the ribs.
I thought it was confusing that they pride themselves on nice presentation, and no-hormone and no-steroids meat. Then, they roll up with the white simple wonder bread. I am from Texas. I completely understand the styrofoam package meat with pickles, onions, beans, and wonder bread for 7 bucks. It was how I fundraised my entire childhood. But, when your paying for this "healthy" meat in a "higher" class establishment you expect more than just white wonder bread. 
My last beef was this place is that they only had two BBQ sauce. They only had a mild and a spicy. I would have expected them to maybe be a little more adventurous with different time of sauces. Or at least have some vinegar based and some more mustard base sauces. It's nice to have more selection when it comes to sauces if they aren't going to be sauced when you get them. 
For 38 bucks, we had a plate of smoked turkey and brisket, half a pound of pulled brisket, and half a rack of ribs. Not bad. However, I think they are going to struggle because you have the strong local presence of deke's. Furthermore, there is another bbq place opening down the street on Main Street. I am eager to see how the BBQ show downs goes down in Manayunk. 
Check this place out, if your a local Manayunker/east falls resident and compare to see if your team deke's or team Rubb. Right now, I am still torn.It's hard to come by good BBQ and it's harder to find good ribs. Well look no further. Looks like Rubb finally got their liquor license and have a decent selection of drafts. Mostly craft brews which is also a pain to find. So let's wrap this up. Amazing ribs and an awesome selection of craft brew. Stop in and order a single rib for $2.5 and you won't be disappointed. No more trips to reading terminal for me.Our party of four was quite impressed with the food that we had here on Saturday night. Unfortunately when we arrived they were out of ribs, but the brisket and pulled pork were both so delicious that I didn't even miss the ribs (which is what I walked in wanting!).
Here are the things I got to try:
Collard greens
Cole slaw
Burnt end beans
Mac and cheese
Pulled pork
Brisket
Fried chicken
Surprisingly, the cole slaw was one of my favorite sides. I normally don't eat cole slaw, but it was pretty damn good. If I could do it all over again, I'd skip the collards and the beans. They were good, but there was so much food that we didn't need those sides.
The mac and cheese was definitely my favorite side dish. It was made with rotini and white cheese, so I thought it was going to be sub-par. It was NOT, though. It was so, so, so, so cheesy and thick and heavy, but also so yummy I couldn't stop eating it.
The brisket ended up being my favorite part of the meal, and I normally don't like brisket *that* much. It was so tender and flavorful, and the sauces they give you just take the meat up so many more levels. The pulled pork was awesome, too. Just not as good as that brisket.
For $50 a couple, this meal was a STEAL. I will end this review with a word of caution - I felt sickeningly full for two days after eating here. It even hurt to drink water. Make sure you don't go too crazy here because you'll be kicking yourself for days, if you do.I have been waiting for this place to open for like two years! Being from Ohio, I really miss good BBQ. The BBQ was decent for the east coast. Better than most I've had out here, but not the best. Fette Sau wins for Best BBQ for me. HOWEVER, the Burger at Rubb is awesome! Perfectly cooked, great meat to bun ratio, smokey bacon, perfectly caramelized onions and super sharp white cheddar. This is my go to place for a burger now for sure. EAT THE BURGER!Best bbq east of Austin . No joke.  Skip the pulled pork and double up on the brisket and ribs.Just finished dinner at Rubb and LOVED IT! At the moment its a byob so we brought a six pack, super nice for us broke recent college grads. My boyfriend and I split a pound of pulled pork, a small side of BBQ baked beans, and a small side of Mac and cheese. We finished it all but left SUPER full. The pulled pork is served sauceless with a mild and spicy BBQ sauce on the side which was super nice because a lot of places cover their meat with way too much sauce. My boyfriend thought the mac and cheese had a lot more flavor than Dekes, which is surprising because dekes shells and cheese is practically famous. We will definitely be going backWhy doesn't Yelp have a half star option?? 4.5 stars for sure! 
As promised, after my disappointing first visit to Rubb, I finally returned to give them another shot. Talk about a complete 180!! I was completely in awe at the major difference between my last meal and tonight. It looks like Rubb has made some GREAT changes and I think it can only continue to get better!
The only reason I'm docking a star (really, I'd only dock a half) is because the service still wasn't up to par. The place is SMALL. There is no excuse for servers to be MIA. We waited way too long to order drinks and food. Our server was pleasant when we did talk to her, but with only like 10 tables in the joint, we shouldn't be sitting around wondering when she was coming back over. 
Glad to see the bar is finally open! The beer selection was great and they had quite a few whiskey/bourbon type cocktails as well. I'm not a huge whiskey fan and didn't feel like taking any chances, so was lame and got a vodka tonic instead. My friends' beers were yummy though, I tasted them as well.
I got the exact same meal as last time - brisket, pork, mac and cheese. When the plates came out, I wanted to hug whoever got rid of that white bread that was on my plate last time! Instead of the bread, there was a roll. And instead of the onion stuff, there was a small green salad. THANK YOU!! This had way more class and good taste!
The meal was amazing and delicious! Nothing was cold like last time! The brisket and pork were insanely juicy and cooked to perfection. The mac and cheese was well beyond my expectations after last time - so creamy and with bread crumbs on top. The meats were so good, I didn't want to overdo it with sauce, but used the spicy Q sauce sparingly. It was very very good and gave the perfect amount of heat I was looking for. My friends that joined me got a pulled pork sandwich and a burger - they enjoyed those as well. My one friend got the old bay fries which I stole a few of and they were great as well!
Very glad I didn't write this place off after last time. What a pleasant surprise! Thanks for a delicious meal!Came on Sunday and sat at the bar. They had $1 whole wings, ribs and hot dogs. Had the whole wings in spicy BBQ and the ribs. Both were absolutely awesome. The spicy BBQ sauce is amazing. Had side of mac and cheese, also amazing. Bartender was very attentive and nice. We tried drinks recommended by him, all were fantastic. They fresh squeeze juice so I had a vodka, club, splash of grapefruit juice with an orange. So refreshing and not bitter at all. Highly recommend this place, will definitely be back. Also have to say that we thought the food was much better than smokin johns across the street (very salty there).This place is great. Came in and shared a 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 rack of ribs, mac and cheese and cornbread. The brisket and ribs were fantastic and we were so full at the end of our meal. The cornbread was also great, it might be a little too sweet for some traditionalists, but I like my cornbread on the sweet side. Don't order the mac and cheese though. For five dollars  we got a tiny cardboard tray filled with about 13 rotini noodles. It definitely put a damper on the meal when we realized this was all we were getting. Not that I would have wanted much more, it wasn't particularly amazing mac and cheese, but I definitely wouldn't order it again.
The price was fair for the amount of meat we received and the quality of the bbq. For me, a half pound of meat was a lot to eat so if your appetite isn't as big and you want variety I would suggest the 2 meat plate. A couple next to us had ordered that and it looked really appetizing. 
Service was very good, especially for a packed Saturday night.Phenomenal accidental find. My boyfriend and I were looking to grab a bite to eat on main st. In manayunk which has an overabundance of choices, we decided to go into Rubb. This establishment was nothing short of amazing. From the small intimate sports bar feel, to the clean bathroom, excellent food and food choices, the prices and even the water was great.  Needless to say,  we were both pleasantly surprised and completely satisfied with the atmosphere,  food and service. We will definitely put this place on our lists of eateries we frequent and will spread the word. Thanks for the great service Brandon!We love this place! I love the turkey and my husband and kids love the ribs and brisket. I also am impressed that I can charge my phone while I am there-very thoughtful touch.It finally opens! This place has been seemingly ready to go for a year without opening. 
The interior is comfortable and they have what will be a serious bar. I say will be because right now it's BYOB. My guess is the PA liquor board is being stupid, again.
The brisket was just okay. It was sort of dry and needed healthy doses of bbq sauce. Both of the sauces were okay; mild and spicy. No smoke ring on the brisket. 
The sides were awesome. Loved the Mac and cheese, corn bread, and greens. 
Prices were reasonable. The brisket platter was pretty big and came with a small side of your choice ($5 individually) and a roll. 
Would possibly go back, hence the three stars.First time will now be the last time. I was there on Friday the 13 and let me tell you it was bad luck from the moment we sat down. For a 30 seat place the bartenders appeared to be overwhelmed, inexperienced and unable to handle the volume. It took way too long to get a second round of drinks we sat there anxious to leave waiting to pay for our check, which took another 10 minutes longer then we wanted to be there. Now for the food. Do not even bother to order the hush puppies. The cornmeal encrusted fried balls of whats suppose to be cheddar and jalapeno turned out tasting  like cardboard and the texture felt like that too. The chicken sandwich was dried and tough and my husband's burger was a well done, densely cooked piece of meat rather then medium. We really had high hopes for this place to be great but instead we were extremely disappointed. A lot of work needs to be done in order for the place to last.Not only the best place to eat in manayunk but it would give the entire philly area a run for the money. Must haves: brisket, pulled pork, ribs, and fried chicken.Very salty ribs.  Also, since, I did not eat them all the 1st day, I tried them again on the 2nd day and they were so dried out.  It was like eating jerky.  Also, I ordered fries with my meal (take out).  Realized too late that I did not get them.  Of course, parking would have been impossible on Main, so I did not go back.  No big deal, because I was not charged, but I was so looking forward to that rare treat.  Disappointed all the way around.Another decent spot for BBQ in Manayunk. It's currently BYOB, which is a bit unfortunate because it looks like they're going to have a pretty epic beer selection once the liquor license goes through. 
The BBQ is good, it's pretty tender, the sauce is good as well. The mac and cheese was OK, not amazing or anything... It was aight. The prices were pretty good as well. I can't honestly say it's the best BBQ joint in the Manayunk area, Deke's is better... But it's still good, and the location is a lot more convenient than Deke's; and it has the added advantage of taking credit cards. 
Where they really shine is the service. My friends and I went there this weekend before going out, and the service was great... Everything came out very quickly, and they even brought us out some complementary burnt ends to try. And they changed the channel on one of the TVs for us to the UFC fight that we wanted to see. The waitresses were both very friendly.
I'll definitely be back, hopefully when the liquor license goes through.Went in here on the weekend with my friend . Me and my friend never try here before . Restaurant is small and don't have much tables inside and outside just have couple table .....well foods is not bad in here ....we order food but wait for awhile for it ...
They have very nice bar and with a lot of choose . I don't try drink here yet but I would like come back for it .
   It's in small town and they don't have parking lot or never the restaurant ...The problem with Rubb is they have real dry rub barbecue. In Philly there are many barbecue joints, but only one other has real dry rub. If you are looking for bad barbecue that is saturated in sauce go elsewhere. 
Rubb is the real deal. It is much better than most other barbecue in the city. Much.
They now have a full bar with drink list and beer. 
People on yelp often criticize the decor, which I don't get. Certain super fancied up places I understand, but this is a tiny place on Main Street. Though, if pushed to answer, I would say the decor is fine, though the chandeliers over the part look like octopi, yet they have only six tentacles, and I hate intellectually dishonest fixtures. 
Five yelp stars all night long.I really really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately it fell short. 
I moved to Manayunk December 2013 and the "opening soon" sign has been in the window for my entire life here thus far. According to friends, Rubb has been years in the making and they were convinced this place was never going to open. After walking elsewhere for dinner last night, the boyfriend and I saw this place was FINALLY open so we were determined to eat there for dinner tonight.
Decor - loved it. The ornate ceiling was amazing, the custom lights over the bar were impressive, the stone walls, rustic bar/tables/chairs... it all sang so beautifully together and totally fit the BBQ theme. The place itself is TINY and the bar takes up half the space - shame to see it not being used due to no liquor license (why the heck does it take this long to get a liquor license??)
Now, I've never lived in a way south state full of awesome BBQ, but I did move here from Syracuse NY where, strangely enough, they somehow dubbed one of our BBQ establishments as the best in America. I understand how BBQ places work and kind of use that place as my comparison.
The food, while good, just didn't do it for me at all. I had the 2 meat platter (brisket and pork) with mac and cheese while the boyfriend had the ribs with mashed potatoes. My food was lukewarm at best. I know BBQ foods are smoked and ready to go, so you just heat them up on order. This was nowhere near warmed up for me. The mac and cheese was borderline cold as well. As someone who usually prefers brisket, the pulled pork was actually my favorite of the two. It was way more juicy than the brisket. The mac and cheese was nothing amazing, a little too watery for me, but the crumbs on top were good. I appreciate both pickles and raw onions but I guess I just didn't "get" that whole concept. Oh and seriously - blatantly store-bought packaged white bread? Wtf? At least have some store-bought corn bread, that would've worked much better than the Wonderbread. As for the boyfriend's dish, the ribs were charred good but still pretty dry for me. Surprisingly enough, my favorite thing out of both our meals was his mashed potatoes. They were the only thing that was more than lukewarm. The gravy was AWESOME!! It was seriously smokey and I wouldn't have complained if I had that to put over my meat. 
I liked the spicy BBQ sauce as the mild was a little too mustardy for my liking. The spicy, while not really spicy to me, had the right amount of flavor I was looking for. I didn't need to overuse it on the meats, it perfectly complimented them.
Service was meh. Our girl was nice, but just seemed a little inexperienced. And she never even checked how we were doing so even if I wanted to complain about how NOT warm my food was, I would've had to go to the back and make a scene (not my style at all). 
Definitely pricier than I would've expected for a BBQ place. Also, our sodas (bottles since apparently they don't have a soda gun?) were $3 each!! I saw they sell their burger for $14 - that better be one freaking amazing burger for that much, geez! 
Rubb was underwhelming at best. I would've thought that after such a long wait for this place to open, they would've been on the ball. It seems like they opened hastily and weren't ready at all. I get that. They're losing money sitting there waiting for the liquor license and whatnot. But they should've been more prepared. I wanted to be wow-ed so badly, but I wasn't.
Really, I would've given them 2.5 stars if possible. I gave 3 instead of 2 because I feel like they need the benefit of the doubt. I would definitely be interested to try them again once they seem to have their act together.Finally, glad to see this restaurant open and have the opportunity to try the food. 
Tried the brisket and pulled pork with sides of mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese. Everything tasted on point, except the sauces - between a hot and mild there was not a significant difference. I would look to having 4 options: honey (sweet), mild (slight kick, but nothing to cry over), hot (good heat, but not over powering), and an inferno sauce (something that might kill you).
While I had posted this as 4 star review, I knocked it down due to the restaurant being a BYOB as apparently the liquor license has not been approved. The restaurant has such a nice bar that by not having alcohol service it seems odd. 
Overall, would consider returning again for the food, but most likely will wait until I can order a drink with my meal.Unfortunately, after a few short months, it appears that Rubb is no longer using heritage (Duroc) pork.  I stopped in for dinner this week, and both the ribs and pulled pork were run of the mill.  The succulent flavor and moisture were absent. A shame. Prices are the same.  Maybe they couldn't sustain the quality with Main Street rents, but at this point,it is no longer destination 'cue in my opinion.  Also, they are back to arbitrary hours on Saturday. I HATE searching all over for a space, paying the meter two bucks only to find the doors locked and someone mopping the floor inside at 12:30 PM.A little bit pricey, but worth it for the delicious food!