Dinner for 9 was just fantastic. We celebrated a 70th birthday and received first class treatment all the way.  Sure it was very expensive but our steaks and entrees were outstanding. Great service, great food and great ambiance.This was my first time eating at a Ruth Chris steakhouse, and I usually like to try a place more than once before making up my mind, but after the first visit, it is not on my top places to return to. The staff was nice enough but things just seemed off, unnatural, like a young girl trying to wear her mom's high heeled shoes, but maybe it was just this location.
The steaks were fine, sides were fine, everything tasted ok. Our food came out on sizzling plates that were literally too dangerous to touch. Up until the last bite, we hovered over our plates so we wouldn't be burned. Besides being dangerous to the touch, everything was covered and cooked in sooooo much butter. Some people may like that, but it was just too much for me.Here's another steakhouse I have not frequent for some time....I was dating someone, who lived out of town, for some apparent reason, we used to visit this restaurant around the X-Mas  holiday..Ruth Chris used to give out this large type bells you could hang around your neck..started collected them. Anyways...I was surprised at the size of this restaurant, very professional..starting with the hostess to the waiter..This is a "pricey" restaurant everything is "A LA CARTE"....each item you order is going to cost : appetizer / starch / vegetable / entree / dessert etc.  $$$$  *As a Footnote I didn't Pay !      Dessert : Tiramisu  (out of this world)For my boyfriend's 31st birthday, I decided to take him to Ruth Chris because it's a steakhouse and we've heard nothing but good reviews and it's true. It was both our first time coming here, and overall everything was great. There was valet parking you payed for and our reservations were for 8:30, we got sat at that time as well.
Our waiters were very friendly and understood it was our first time. I have to say the steak was beyond amazing! By far the best steak I've ever had and I've had my fair share. I got the side of mash potato, he got a baked potato as his side and the bread they serve you with pretty good. 
I forgot the names of our steaks, which were both different but they were perfect. Buttery, cooked well, not too burnt, just great. The tab was pricey, but you pay for what you get and that is excellent steak. 
It was a great experience, I'm actually dying to go back and I'd definitely recommend to anyone else.Was very disappointed to be informed that this resturant claimed to have a business casual dress code on a Saturday evening.  Despite the reservations that were made and no obvious signs stating a required dress code.My sister actually found a piece of finger nail in her mashed potatoes... ummm.. yeah. When we notified the manager, he apologized and inspected the kitchenstaff's hands. Apparently, everyone's fingernails were trimmed to proper levels (maybe someone was clipping their nails on the job while prepping the food! hmmm ) He gave her two gift certificates and omitted her entree from the bill.
Aside from the commotion, service was excellent, 4/4 stars, but I feel the food was mediocre -2/5 stars. It was too salty for my taste.It was my first time going to this location but I have been to other Ruth's Chris locations. I expected the service and dining to be of the same quality as my many other experiences. However I have to admit I highly value the opinions of fellow yelpers and was a little worried that this location would not measure up to par because of some of the negative reviews and comments. Not sure what happened with their dining experiences but i found it to be a very nice experience.
 We parked in the 1500 Locust parking lot, about 4 blocks away, and if you go to central parking website you can often get web discounts (in this case I paid 3 hours for $10 instead of $23 which is what we owed) the valet at ruth chris is $18, which was a little steep for me and so I looked for a bargain. Parking is always a b***** downtown so always good to know about deals in the area.
The meal was nice, we ordered drinks and were not carded as we usually are although we are both 23. That was impressive to me, that they could tell who was old enough to drink and I didnt feel annoyed for that skeptical "Can i see your ID" yadayada. The meal was good but not out of this world-in other words, exactly what I expected was exactly what I received. The food is good- dont get me wrong. Just a little pricey and only for special occasions for me.
We ordered the barbecued shrimp to start, which I believe someone below me commented is nothing close to BBQ. I think ruths chris mean BBQ meaning it involved a grill, not that it was slathered in sauce. We ordered it and found it quite tasty. The shrimp was crunchy and not overcooked (phew). I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend ordered the fillet minoin. Both were cooked the way we asked and tasted just fine. The garlic mash was as expected and broccoli was good too. We were too full for desert so passed, but left full, satisfied, and happy.
The wait service was really nice and all smiles- but not in a fake way. I really had an enjoyable time here. I'll be back sometime for a special occasion!My husband and I came here for our 3rd Wedding anniversary.  It was fabulous. I was a little wary after reading some of the negative reviews on here, but found none of the faults others found. We were seated in a quiet booth by the bar, which was not loud at all despite it being a Friday night. 
We each shared 2 appetizers--crabmeat stuffed mushrooms and ahi tuna--both excellent and tasty and thankfully the portions weren't huge. I asked the waiter for a wine recommendation based on my tastes and it was delicious and complemented the meal perfectly. 
The steak was melt-in-your mouth good. I had the filet au poivre cooked medium rare, my husband the cowboy ribeye medium well. We were both pleased. He ordered a side of the twice baked potato and I the sweet potato casserole, most of which wound up coming home with me. We declined dessert as we were both pleasantly full and didn't want to overstuff ourselves, but the dessert menu had the usual offerings--cheesecake, creme brûlée, cake, etc. I'm sure it was all delicious. Our waiter recommended next time ordering my side dish (the sweet potato casserole) as dessert with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Yum. 
Overall I'd highly recommend Ruth's Chris. The food was excellent, atmosphere quiet and intimate, and the service was attentive but not overly so.I love Ruth Chris. We had a fantastic dinner followed by an even better dessert. The service was impeccable as well as the atmosphere. The reason this isn't a 5 star review is honestly all due to the valet service. I don't remember what valet was here before when we dined, but the new company, is not nearly as good. The guy was on his phone while i tried to get his attention, then my car smelled like cigarettes. Other than that, I loved my evening but I would not suggest the valet whatsoever.I've been here a few times and have always had a consistently decent filet mignon. Supper was acceptable, not memorable. Pricey, especially for a chain restaurant, but not nearly as good as other high-end chains like Morton's or Capitol Grille.
Unfortunately, the one lucid memory I have of Ruth's Chris doesn't even involve steak. I ordered a glass of Glenmorangie 18 neat, i.e. without ice. The waiter said, "excuse me, sir, but I believe you mean to say N.I. ... en aye" I threw him a befuddled look. He continued, "It stands for No Ice. That is the correct term." I could have gone on arguing back and forth but I didn't want to embarrass him. For the record, "neat" is the correct term. N.I. sounds like something from Monty Python's Holy Grail.
-1 for being condescending
-3 for being condescending and wrong.like most high end steak places you most likely will get a  good and pricey meal. personally i prefer morton's just b/c i think ruth goes a bit crazy with the butter on their steak and an inferior key lime pie but everything else is pretty comparable. they run a 3 course for 2 special for 89- it might be 99 now?- a couple times a year,  well worth it for that price.The most over rated steakhouse I've been to. Had the ribeye steak which I buy got about $9 and they charge $47. AND nothing comes with it but a hot plate. $8.50 for a baked potato? A .$50 potato. Other side were in the same price range. Service was very good and the food was good but, seriously, it was nothing better than I can make at home. Don't mind paying a little extra for higher quality but this was ridiculous and won't be returning.The steaks cannot be beat.  A bit expensive, but worth a try from everyone.  Their valet make it great to park.  The sides are huge and worth sharingWe showed up for our reservation and were shoved off into a back corner somewhere. It was not crowded and yet the staff seemed to forget about us and weren't being attentive. I ordered the filet mignon and boyfriend had the prime rib. Steak was dry and over cooked. They rushed us out because they were getting ready to close but if you didn't ignore us for the first 20 minutes we were there, we would've ordered our food much sooner, allowing you to close up reasonably on time.Chain.  This was my first visit to a Ruth's Chris, and to be honest, I was pretty disappointed.  I've heard the hype over and over about how great this place is, blah blah blah, but it was 'good'.  Here's the story:
The steak was decent.  it's a plain peice of meat in the middle of a hot-ass plate that can burn your fingerprints off (speaking from experience).  My dinner was overcooked (medium well vs. medium rare), and it took long enough that I wasn't willing to send it back.  The sides we decent, but certainly nothing to write home about.  
The atmosphere was a bit stuffy.  Clearly I see what they are going for in their 'private-steakhouse' setting, but for what you pay, I was looking to be a little more imporessed.  
Perhaps my steak got a little too well-done while I was dipping my fingers in my water?  Perhaps ordering a vodka tonic v. a bottle of wine suggested I have no taste?  Any one of these things could be true, but all in all - marginal.My husband and I decided to bring my parents to Ruth's Chris Steak House after purchasing a living social deal.  I must admit, I was a little hesitant to go after reading the Yelp reviews.  But, I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food.  
I ordered the lobster tail and asked our waiter his suggestion for a side dish.  His favorite side dish was the broiled tomatoes and assured me I would like it as well.  Well, he was right.  The tomato was large, ripe and seasoned with salt and sugar.  It was delicious.  The lobster tail was equally good.  My mother and husband ordered the salmon with sautéed spinach and potatoes au gratin.  The potatoes were very rich and flavorful.  My husband was disappointed with the sautéed spinach - it was tasteless.  My father ordered the New York Strip (medium) and raved about how it was one of the best steaks he's ever had. He also ordered the potatoes lyonaisse as a side dish and found it satisfying.  
Aside from the tasteless spinach, everyone was very happy with their entrée choice. Unfortunately, dessert was skipped as we were too full from our meal so we'll have to try it on our next visit to Ruth's Chris.I like to test places out during restaurant week. This Ruth's Chris in particular treated the restaurant week customers like a nuisance. The service was not attentive and the portions were laughable. Think I'll stick with Morton's when I'm in center city.Eh so so.  That's the best description of my experience here.  I've eaten at most of the city's higher end eateries and actually write a food blog about those experiences so I feel at least semi qualified to comment on my experience here.
Pros:
-Service was very good.  Pleasant server with the unique phrase "Cheers" after serving any of our drinks. 
-the almond sweet potatoes were fantastic
-ambiance was up to par.  Exactly what you would expect in a "high end" restaurant. 
Cons:
-For being a "steak house" the steak was sub par. Save your money (more on this later) and go to Del Friscos.  Dry steak, not too much flavor, and the only signature presentation was that it is served sizzling on your plate.  That's all well and good but I'd rather have a better tasting steak. 
-Expense.  Dinner for two came to $180. Kind of steep considering the meal was not all that good.I am rating the excellent customer service I received after a recent post. This came from management and my husband and I are looking forward to dining here again in the very near future!Me and my boyfriend went to Ruth chris on Mothers day. When i say the food Sucks i mean it Sucks.. i Tasted the bread on the table before we got any food i knew that we was starting off on a wrong foot because the bread was nasty.. so we bbq shrimp as the appetizer that was the only thing good.. i ordered the pork chop and my boyfriend ordered a steak. my pork chop was tuff and starchy tasting and he like his steak well done.. The steak wasnt well done at all still in the inside so the waiter brought it back.. then the next steak was Burnt i tasted some of his steak i had spit it out its tasted like charcoal!! Omg i would never come back here ever again Mortons Steakhouse is 10 time better.. I feel like they Rob me lol Its all a bunch of hype there food sucksMe and my boyfriend went here on a Saturday night.... It was absolutely amazing! Very romantic! Food and wine was great! Service was awesome. If you go, ask for the waitress Jessica or Pete... They're both very nice and down to earth! Also I recommend the blackened salmon and you must try the creme brulee' for dessert!To be honest, I don't know what people who have posted here were expecting from Ruth Chris's.  ("You can't please everyone?")
My first visit to Ruth's a few days ago was my first and it certainly was not my last.  I already anticipate my next visit - which I hope is soon enough.
I was impressed with the timeliness of service and the arrival of each course to my table.  From the barbequed shrimp to the salad (which was a basic salad, but was one of the best salads I've ever had while eating out), to the stuffed chicken breast, to my sides of asparagus with Hollandaise sauce and mashed potatoes - the food was plated beautifully (we were even warned by our server of how hot the dishes would be when they came out and to be careful not to touch them.  He was right and then some!)
I chose an Italian red to go with the main course and while I should have gotten tipsy by the amount of wine I was served, I didn't so much as feel flushed.  The wine was beyond delicious and complemented my meal beautifully.
And the dessert topped off what was an out of this world meal.  Their crème brulee is the best I've ever had - hands down - and their coffee was so good it failed to make me jittery.  It was the perfect topper.  I was sorry to have that come to an end.
The hostess and wait staff were courteous, friendly, and, above all, professional.  My server, Duran, was an absolute sweetheart.  He and his helpers kept coming to my table, to make sure we liked our meal.  I also saw him do this with his other tables.
I saw how professional and courteous the staff here was upon entering when we were seated sans reservations.  Granted, we arrived shortly after opening for dinner, but other places of this caliber would turn you away or make you wait to be seated.
After my visit, I floated home and went to bed quite satisfied.  I woke up the next morning barely hungry.  That one meal satisfied me for nearly 2 days!
I was treated beautifully by the staff here and I have no reservations about making a return trip here.  I'm sorry to see others may have had a below par experience, but there are some reviews I just can't take seriously (you just don't like the name of the place, yet you keep coming here ... and in different cities?  Really?).
Bottom line: I can't rave enough about this place.  (Outback who?)I bumped up my rating from 3/5 to 5/5 stars.  After about 3 calls and emails, with the manager asking me what to do to make things right, I received a $100 gift card in the mail for the steak house. 
That's right ladies and gents-- because I reviewed the steak as "so-so," now I do have the advantage of writing a food blog that is published in various publications, I got a $100 gift card for Ruth Chris to make it right.  
Any restaurant that cares enough to call me this many times just to ask how they can get things right deserves at least a gentle bump in ratings. Talk about customer service.  I wish customer service at the hospital was this good. Patients would be much happier...may need to call in a consultant from Ruth Chris Steak House.
The man I spoke to quickly acknowledged the fault, introduced himself, explained it would only take a few minutes of my time and the situation.  He apologized and told me he would make it right.  Then he thanked me for my business and begged me to come again.  
Guess where I'm going for dinner.  And while I did get a $100 gift card, I've just been turned from a frustrated customer into a big fan of this franchise. Cheers.I love steakhouses and this place is very nice inside....but it is not the best or even great...just good.
I loved the baked potato, cream spinach and portabello mushrooms.
The steak was medium rare and was good but I have had better.
The place though has great interior and honestly the food is worth the price but if you are in Philly and want to dine out in an elite steakhouse, skip this place and look elsewhere.I'll give Ruth's Chris three stars overall: two for the food and four for the service. 
My boyfriend and I had a 6:30 reservation before a PIFA event and were running late. I told my boyfriend to call the restaurant and warn that we would be a little bit late. We arrived around 6:40 and the hostess thanked us for the call. We were seated immediately! 
I typically keep my reviews pretty short so I'll say that the lighting at the restaurant was more dim than I would have liked. The dining area itself seemed pretty spacious and not cramped, but this is probably just due to the fact that there weren't many customers there. The staff was friendly and answered questions I had about the menu. 
I went with the Classics menu (appetizer, main course, side, and dinner). I ordered the steak house salad as my appetizer and a whole garden arrived on a plate. I didn't care for the ginormous size or taste of the salad. I went with the sauteed mushrooms for my side. These were decent. My main course was comprised of the 6 oz. filet and shrimp. The shrimp were a little dry but the steak thankfully was great and cooked to my preference. When I'm at a nice steakhouse I never ask for any kind of sauce for my steak and luckily my filet was great without the addition of any sauce. I didn't care for the dessert (there is only one option) but I think it's just because I don't like raspberries or chocolate cake. I could have easily just asked for a small bowl of vanilla ice cream. 
I'm glad I had a LivingSocial coupon. My dining experience was okay, but when I'm hankering for a really great steak I think I'll go to one of the other Philly steakhouses that I just happen to like better.Great service but the table they seated us at was extremely tight!!!!  I could barely breath!!  I ordered the regular filet and it was pretty good.  My girlfriend ordered the salmon and it was OK.  If I ever go back, I would demand to be seated at a better table.  They should not have tables so close together!I really don't love love Ruths Chris in general, but this location in particular is a bit of a let down. The service is spotty at best, and though I understand that I am still under 30, that doesn't mean that I'm not willing to pay good money for a delicious meal. It sets me off from the beginning of a meal if servers are not attentive because they think you are young and looking for a bargain. I mean, seriously!
The steaks are usually well cooked here, but they are always too buttery for my taste. I much prefer the char on steaks at Capital Grille (if I'm looking for a chain steak place). The lobster bisque is on the salty side, and the sides are usually drenched in butter or cream as well.
For the price, you can get much better quality elsewhere. Like I said, I'm willing to pay for a great steak, but I want it to be a great steak.
The winning feature of this location is, in fact, the location.Went last friday at 7pm. This place is definitely not worth the money.
My lobster bisque and ribeye were very good - everything else was meh. My wife got the shrimp cocktail - 16 dollars for 4 not so big pieces of shrimp and cocktail sauce. Are you kidding me? The sides were sauteed mushrooms and mashed potatoes. Both ok but I can make that at home - and it wouldn't cost me 9 bucks. Wine by the glass was 14 dollars (i think the wife had pinot grigio  - exactly 1/4 the price of the bottle. Most places that sell liquor give you a slight discount if you buy by the bottle. The markup here is ridiculous. 
Honestly, do yourself a favor. There are FAR better restaurants in Philly. I'll give you two right now - Matyson and Mercato. Go there instead and thank me later.took the wife here for dinner the Saturday of Valentine's weekend. Didn't have to order any "prix fixe" Valentine's Day nonsense like so many other places and instead could just pick what we wanted. Had a very nice Malbec to begin the night. Had a tasty bowl of gumbo and wife had French Onion Soup. Both were good - i know - i tasted hers too. We both had the ribeye steak and it was coked perfectly - medium - and was tasty. Good sides - au gratin potatoes and asparagus. No desert - too full. Had some nice espresso though. Dinenr was greta. We seemed a bit rushed but on the other hand we did tell them we had show tickets at 8:00 so i asusme they were just trying to keep moving so we werent late as well. A bit pricy for what it is but i guess that's the steakhouse way. Good for a splurge if you are not worried abotu dropping some coin. About $175 for two of us including a glass of wine each.Went back again with the GF and her folks! As usual we had a great time. 
I had the chopped salad which really hit the spot. It was in a circular tower a la steak tartare. Tasted of blue cheese and bacon and crouton crumbles, delicious,
The men had cowboy ribeyes bone in while the ladies had boneless ribeyes.
I ordered mine medium rare ... It was very good but some bites were a bit sinewy. Overall I prefer the regular ribeye which has better marbling overall.
The GFs ribeye was ordered medium and it was more on the medium rare side. She had a big circle of fat right in the middle of it which was a bit disconcerting.
Had the garlic mashed and gargantuan crunchy onion rings, delicious. Keep in mind those mashed potatoes have an amazing amount of butter!
We topped everything off with molten chocolate cake topped with vanilla ice cream and caramel drizzle. The ladies approved and the one bite I had was a nice enough change from all the meat!
Overall a good meal ... I've had better here though!
Great service as usual ... (perhaps sadly) I've become a regular here so it's nice when you're greeted by name by everyone. Everyone was on point,Eaten at many Ruths Chris and always happy about my experience, and this restaurant did not let me down, excellant food and service.I've been to a handful of these places around the country and always find the quality to be consistent for the price, which is a great thing in this economy.  Four stars are based on the food alone as the service can be a bit spotty when it's busy.  
Also, I'm surprised to see that the bad reviews include complaints about the butter.  As any person who's ever been to a steakhouse, you have to ask how they prepare it (even though most places will tell you ahead of time) and if that's not your cup of tea, this city has many other venues for steak adventures.
I will take off one star for the decor as the venue could use a facelift (probably tough in this economy).  The reason I come here is for the food, which is always good.  Also, kudos for making available "Ruth's Classic" menu for $40 which is a great deal.Ruth's Chris was a great experience during Restaurant Week. 
I was expecting to walk in and smell steaks from the front door but instead I smelled Lobster. It could have been the tank of live lobsters at the entrance :)
The food was amazing. The Steak House salad was good. The steak was perfectly cooked and flavorful. The Mashed potatos were creamy. I had Warm Bread pudding for dessert and that was amazing as well. I was happy with the Restaurant week menu choices. Better than other places I've tried. 
The only complaint I do have is about the seating arrangements. We were seating in what seemed to me as the lobby/waiting area. We never actually stepped foot inside the real restaurant. As soon as you enter there are two rooms on each side of you. Then you walk up to the Maitre'd. Behind him/her is the rest of the restaurant but we were seated on the left side in the entrance. I was disappointed. It was crammed with people. I felt the tables were to close to each other and too close to the wall. 
A bit of soft music would have been nice too. But I'll definitely go here agian. Maybe I'll try the one in KOP so I wont have to pay for parking!On Father's Day, my wife wanted to treat me a special dinner.  Our experience at your center city Philadelphia location does not live up to your marketing nor the expectations we had.  Let me start with the drinks we had while waiting for our table.  In the words of my wife, they were watered down and considering that we spent $32.00 for 3 drinks before we were even seated it was not a good start to the evening.  Once we were seated, we ordered from the Seasonal menu for the day.  My wife ordered the mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat.  The mushrooms were raw and the "supposed" crabmeat was only lukewarm, needless to say we were disappointed again.  Next was the soup for the day, the "gumbo", unlike any gumbo I have ever experienced.  It was more like your basic beef stew but with very few vegetables and not really appetizing at all.  So, here comes the Seared Jumbo Sea Scallops, they were nice sized and cooked as expected but the overall dish was lacking.   The scallops sat on a bed of diced vegetable that appeared to have been sautéed in a teriyaki sauce, nothing special about this dish.  My wife only ate the scallops, strike number 3 with her.  My dish was the "Seasonal" Rib-Eye.  The temperature of the steak was what I had request but it did not appear that it had been near a broiler of grill, again it was just lukewarm.  It looked like the steak was just cut from roast that had been precooked.  According to the menu, the side are supposed to have been personal sized but what we got was one each of the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes, again not up to par to the high level you claim.  So between the drinks and the meal, not counting the tip because the waitress was fine, we spent close to $190.00.  I won't even mention the deserts that came with the meal.  We feel like we were robbed and that's keeping it light.Very nice environment, fresh and delicious food, and nice service too. 
Friends and I had a very remarkable night!I've never really gone to Ruth's Chris as i tend to avoid chain restaurants, even high-end chains.  There was also a Restaurant Week experience a few years ago that left something to be desired.  
I went yesterday bc the bf was craving steak and we knew Ruth's Chris had a 3 course special for $44, even on a Saturday. 
I started off with the seafood gumbo. Okay but salty. My petit filet was 6 oz of heaven. Cooked the way I ordered it although it was salty (which is something they note on the menu.)  Normally I'm not big on dessert, but the creme brûlée was scrumptious.
For the special price, this was an unbeatable value. The steak by itself is $37 so getting an app, side, and dessert for just $7 more is a great value.
It looks like the special value menu is offered seasonally. I will definitely be back.  It's not my first choice for steak in Philadelphia but it is a solid, good choice.Have to agree with the others, the food is just ok, the location is great if you are going to a show nearby and the valet parking comes in real handy, charge is $18. Beautiful interior in an old bank building.
I had an appetizer that was good, shrimp and a salad that was not so good. Hard to screw up a salad I know, but, the lettuce was old and wilted and turning to mush. The service was good, although we did have to send out a search party to get our check. Busy spot, make reservations if you are going on a weekend.I am here celebrating 12 years of marriage  that no one mentioned even though I told them when I made the Winslow reservation . My lamb was horrible no taste they made it over it was all salt and they gave me extra spinach and mushrooms . I have never ever had such a horrible experience Samantha was our waiter she was nice I guess but she seemed too occupied with other customers we were an after thought! The manager suggested I take a bite before he walked away but it wa too hot he said he would come back never did . horrible horrible horrible I will never come back I guess I hope I forget this anniversary love WinslowLast nite I took my mother there for a pre-mothers day dinner.  From the front door though out the dinner was awesome. As I parked the car my mom went in ( free parking in center city on Wednesday). When I went  in I noticed tht the sits we were sitting in were at the door. Noooooooo, not for me I felt like I was in the back of the bus in slavery. However, I asked to be moved and the Nice Young Black Man (sorry i dont his name, im black as well) accomidated me. Wht was funny is tht he said, I just moved ur mom twice. I said like mother like daughter (we both lol). Now, as for the waiter Duran (?) he was great. He made sure tht we continued to be comfortable. Im happy tht when I made my reservation  I remembered to ask if they could /would compliment us with anything tht they were going to present to mothers on Mothers Day. They did, our table had live rose pedles and at  the end of the meal they took our picture and gave both of us one. THE REASON FOR THE 5 stars is bcz my mother Always eats Steaks and always send them back. But, not last night she order the T-Bone Steak and she chewed tht like she was eaten a slice of cake. 
God Bless U All...We arrived on time for our reservations and were seated after a few minutes at a table for 6 close to the host desk. We had prior reservations and saw several unoccupied tables for two. We asked for a different table and were seated at a table for two. 
Started with the BBQ shrimp which was very good. The sauce that came with the shrimp went great with the warm bread. I ordered a rib-eye along with the Broccoli Au Gratin and Sweet Potato Casserole. The steak came out sizzling on a 500 degree plate. I was not impressed at all by the steak. The steak had no flavor and was charred on the outside. I was surprised to find such a bad steak at a steakhouse. I was wishing we were at Capital Grille. The Broccoli Au Gratin was really good! The Sweet Potatoes were over loaded with brown sugar. Dessert was also a disappointment. We ordered the Bread Pudding and the Banana Cream pie. I don't think the bread pudding could have been any drier than it was. The Banana Cream pie was also very unimpressive. I will not be returning to Ruth's Chris. I would much rather find myself at Capital Grille or Barclay Prime.  Ruth's Chris was such a disappointment.Not a huge fan of this restaurant. My fiance and I have went here twice (one in Philadelphia and one in King of Pruissa) I think this place is highly overrated and the quality is not that good.
First time we went for my fiancess' birthday and everything was just majorly over priced for the quality (We go out to eat alot and we both have no problem spending alot of money on something that is really good!) I ordered my filet med rare and it came out almost well done. My lobster tail was freezing cold and so was my oscar on top of the filet.  Our server never checked up on us till my fiancee was done eating.  He felt awful but there was no way I was going to let his birthday dinner get cold.  Then the dessert never came out and the check was placed. We were very upset and no one really seemed to care. The manager apologized but nothing was taken off the check or nothing was done for us (I used to work in the industry and I dont expect anything for free or ever want anything for free but come on! I did not get to eat my dinner till way later and the surprise birthday dessert that I told the server about earlier never came!) Just very dissapointed and shocking.
The second time, two of my friends wanted to take us out to dinner and they picked Ruth Chris is Center City, Philadelphia.  I was not going to complain because thats what they wanted and it was their treat.  This experience was better. We got seated right away, the server was AMAZING as well. Very prompt, attentive, and caring to our wants and needs.  The food again though was just alright.  My steak was cooked perfectly but just okay. I would just think for what your paying for the quality would be better. That is all. Very dissapointed.Excellent customer service. Steak that
Melts in your mouth. What else do you need? :) valet parking is cheaper than the nearby garage.Food very generic and over salted.  Could have cooked the steak better at home and without the dreadful stomach aches all of us got.  WAY overpriced for the quality of food.  Not to mention, the waiter offered us day old creme brulee as a dessert!!  Wont go back, good thing we had a gift cardFilets were perfect, lobster appetizer was great, and the Malbec was crisp.  Though the sides were a little bland.  All said it was a great meal.I had high expectations for this Steakhouse. I was neither surprised or disappointed. Walking in and being seated we were greeted professionally. Once seated, the hostess handed us the menu and told us that they will change out our napkins to black ones. Did we not deserve the white ones that were already on the table? I guess I did not understand why that was done, if anyone knows, please share.
We gone ahead and ordered from the classic menu for the lamb chops and the steak and lobster. Only one of it was the entire meal, the other was just an entree. Even though this was the case, they plated two separate salads and desserts for us. It was very kind of them. 
They left a glass out for the Pinot Noir that we ordered, and I found it a little amusing when the waiter came out with a little jar of what turned out to be exactly 6 oz of wine in it. The spring mix was very refreshing and even though it was split between the two of us, it was still a very hearty portion. moving forward, they brought out the side (sautéed mushrooms) and the two entrees. 
With the table as far apart as it was, and the waiter bringing out the food in a large serving tray, I expected the plate to be an accommodating size. It was not. It was a 12" oval plate. This is not to say that they were skimping on the food, it just made me feel that the plate was a little cluttered. I had a hard time with the Lobster tail flopping all over the plate, and not having room to leave the shell on the plate. The lobster was encrusted with crab meat and it was good. The steak was also cooked to request and it was a decent piece of ribeye.
I tried the Lamb Chops however I did not like it. It was not the way it was cooked, I just probably don't like lamb. The dessert ended up being a Cinnamon Chocolate cake and fresh berries. The berries were glazed with a flan-like syrup. It was far, but the chocolate cake was a little dry for me.
The hand towels in the bathroom is quite fancy, it almost looked like a reusable handkerchief. I find it a little wasted and probably should belong in a 5 star restaurant instead.A long time ago it was the premier steakhouse in philadelphia .Now it ranks about 10th ,i had a reservation and when i got there they told me i have to wait 30 min ,i guess that's what happens when all the hostess are 15 years old .I am not allowed to say how i really feel because someone from yelp may email me again .Hate to write this because the bar staff were really nice, but the food was just terrible. 
Had 4 appetizers at the bar and the best thing we ate was the bread and butter! The shrimp stuffed with crab for $16 was by far the worse out of everything. Rubbery , over cooked shrimp with some sort of soggy topping that tasted like stove top stuffing! No crab meat in sight! 
Everything was just defrosted and served to us. I enjoy a chain meal steak house, Capital Grill, but this one has gone downhill and I will never go back again. The food was that bad.....BF and i are regulars to Ruth's Chris, having dined at several throughout the DC area.  when we were in town visiting college friends, we decided to take them out to one of our favorites for what we hoped would be a great dinner.
we had a late Saturday night reservation, and were quickly seated upon arriving.  we typically order from the "ruth's classic" menu (which is a great deal - $40 for salad, entree, a side, and dessert), but looking through our menu we did not see this as an option.  it wasn't until i inquired about the classic's menu that it was mentioned, so it felt like ordering off this menu was discouraged.  
having dinned at other locations of this chain, i felt like this one did not live up to the Ruth's Chris standard.  Both my chicken and my bf's steak were cooked much more than usual (i actually prefer chicken very well done, but he sent his steak back), two of the same salads arrived - one w/ croutons and one w/o (we're not sure why), the potatoes did not seem fresh, and the bread/butter was also different.  towards the end of the meal, we asked if we could have the spinach wrapped up since we had not made a dent in it, and the waitress told us "sure!" but only returned with the rest of my stuffed chicken breast, no spinach.  we've also grown accustomed to having the crumbs swept off the table for us, but this never happened.
on the plus side, our waters never ran dry, the bread bowl was never empty, and we stayed nearly an hour past closing time and did not get that urge that they were trying to kick us out (so much so that we did not realize that had closed).  Ruth's is a great restaurant, but this one might need a little work to get up to par.We went here for dinner on Valentine's Day.  Big mistake.  We came here because we had a gift card to use, so we thought we'd save $$ for this "holiday" .  What a crowded, loud place.  Now, I've eaten here a few other times, dinner, early dinner, and lunch.  It was not as bad as it was this night.  Anyway, we ordered our steaks.  I ordered the rib eye, medium rare.  Chris ordered the sirloin, medium.  Mine came out on the rare side, but I do like mine rare so I kept it.  His came out like leather.  So, we sent it back.  They rushed again, and upon return, it was RAW.  The manager came over and brought him a different cut of meat, a new york strip that was rare.  He proceeded (I am NOT MAKING THIS UP) to cut the meat and cook it on the 500 degree plate!  He was telling us to cook it on the plate.  I said, that is all well and good, but we did not come here to cook our own food.  What a mess.  I won't be going back there any time soon!I totally agree with the generally "meh" reviews of this place.  The service is fine, the food is fine, the atmosphere is fine.  Three stars all around.. blah blah blah etc.  I'm told that places like this have their place in the world, and I suppose that's true.  It's just not a place that I think I want to live in just yet.  Not that I have anything against moose and deer heads on the wall or anything.  Mostly my meh-ness has to do with the food.
But we had a gift certificate, and we went, and it was fine.
No news here: Ruth's Chris is a steakhouse.  I like creative food, so I'm not super into the steakhouse.  I'm all for high-quality meat cooked to perfection and served sizzling on a 500 degree plate (with butter!  Who doesn't love butter?).  And hey, potatoes, yummy.  Mashed, au gratin, shoestringed, etc. ok.. sure.. all styles of potato that have stood the test of time and persisted in their relative deliciousness.  But at the end of the day, quality isn't enough to overcome the boring.  I mean, really.. steamed asparagus with a tiny ramekin of hollandaise?  Not. Exciting.  The hollandaise would have to be pretty spectacular and the stuff at Ruth's Chris is really.. just hollandaise.  Likewise the potatoes.  We had the shoestring and they were.. fine.
I've only been to Barclay Prime once and it was for an "event" so the menu was super limited:  cheese trays, shrimp cocktail, creamy cheese garlic herb stuffed in little tomatoes or something, olives and... the kobe sliders.  Bottom line: If I'm spending $200 for dinner at a steak house, I'm having kobe sliders.  Because every freakin' bite of those little suckers was melty meaty cheesy buttery perfect brioche-encased joy.  We are totally totally going there when the Ruth's Chris gifters come to visit.The BF had been wanting to go forever.  Me, I had been avoiding it. I had the displeasure of going several years ago and was not impressed. So when I saw the living social deal, I said, this is the only way I'll go.  I said to myself, "It was a long time ago. You weren't that experienced of an eater back then. Give it another try."
Mediocre at best.  For a restaurant of this caliber, you would expect an awesome dining experience.  That didn't happen.  Our waiter was decent, he did not stand out much. I did notice that a few of his friends were dining there and he decided to chat it up with them more than check on us.  No worries, I was more concerned with a good meal.  He was friendly and when we called for him, he always came. 
We started out with the barbeque shrimp which was not barbeque at all.  It was pretty tasty. What was left of the sauce we dipped our bread into. Yummy! I had the lamb, it was okay. I was amazed as I like Outback's version much better. My BF had the rib-eye.  It came out rather small, I think they cooked it to death, back to death I should say. It was literally a black piece of meat.  No flavor at all.  We sent the steak back, he ended up getting the stuffed chicken. It was tasty enough.  He also had asparagus, bland, no seasoning. It came with a hollandaise sauce, he didn't like it. I had the sweet potato casserole.  That was quite tasty. 
We walked out feeling robbed of a good meal. Thank God for a living social deal. The next day we went to Outback.  Yummy, yummy, tasty lamb. The BF had the rib-eye and it was quite good. Such a shame. A chain putting Ruth's Chris to shame. 
It wasn't worth it, don't go.My wife and 6 year old were having a Philadelphia weekend highlighted by a show at the Kimmel Center.  I chose this place because it offered "Whole Steamed Lobster", which is one of the few things my picky 6 year old enjoys.  They delivered the supposed 1 1/2lb lobster already dismantled, arms and knuckles missing. A small tail and small claws that didn't seem to match the body.  Not much meat for $60.  I order 1 1/2lb Lobsters regularly in Maine and New Hampshire so I feel I know about what that should look like.
Service was Great!  Steaks were so so.Our first time at Ruth's Chris and we were not disappointed! We like to try the restaurants who claim to be the best steakhouses in Philly. Well, Ruth's Chris is definitely a top contender.
Our steak was cooked perfectly, the sides were generous, and the service was impeccable. The restaurant does offer other items besides steak, but if you go, you must order the filet mignon. 
Our lobster bisque had chunks of lobster, our ceasar salad had fresh chunks of parm cheese which I love, and our mashed potatoes were buttery and creamy. We also had the asparagus and steamed broccoli, which were both cooked perfectly. The fresh warm bread was also piping hot on the inside and a great way to start our delicious meal.
I would highly recommend this restaurant when looking for a fabulous steak dinner. Compared to other steak restaurants in the area, Ruth's Chris was least expensive but still offered top quality food and service.I yelp'ed a bunch of places to take my fiancee out for a post Valentine meal. Usually I like to go to a local place but Ruth's had the best reviews. Everything was amazing. And I am picky because I love to cook. I had the Crabtini, my guest the stuffed mushrooms. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and flavorfull. The service was amazing, our waiter was attentive without being overbearing, all while dealing with 2 rather obnoxious parties seated in front of and behind us. Thank you Duran, you made out dining experience special.I like it, but I don't love it. It's elegant and classy, and provides almost everything you want in a steakhouse, except an experience.We had a Friday night reservation, we had indicated it was an Anniversary celebration.  Arrived a half hour early, table was ready...strewn with rose petals!  Service was attentive, food was divine, everything was prompt, prepared as requested, wonderful!  The manager came by twice to check on us.  After dinner someone came to offer a photo memento, which we were delighted to accept!  All together, a wonderful meal, incredible experience, great anniversary celebration!  Lamb chops were delectable, petite filet perfectly done.  Sautéed spinach and mashed potatoes were terrific. We will return!I hadn't been to this Ruth's Chris in years & it was a far cry from what it once was. To set the tone, our table (for 6) was in such a tight spot, the waiters each bumped into my friend & me EVERY time they walked by. Eventually, one knocked my handbag clean onto the floor. Once a tray the waitress carried bumped in my head as she delivered food to the table next to me. 
It was restaurant week & for course one, 4 out of 6 of us ordered lobster bisque then 4 out of 6 of us returned it. It was horrible!! Not a hint of seafood flavor. The texture was that of over thickened gravy from a bad Chinese take out spot. I posted a video on Instagram & the reactions said it all. The taste was the reason we all returned it. It tasted of a toasted BITTER cheese & left an awful aftertaste. We ordered Caesar salads instead & they had watered down Caesar dressing & some wilted romaine. 
My main course was broiled salmon. It was not great, just ok. A tad overlooked...just a tad. My side was sautéed spinach & it was very bland but cooked well, not over done. 
Dessert was the best part for me - creme brûlée. This is the only dish I recommend from my meal. With gratuity included, we each paid $60 for our meal, which included 1 cocktail. It was SO not worth it. I could have made each dish better at home for a lot less $. The conversation with my friends was the highlight of dinner.I was taken here last night on a first date and I can not express how this place exceeded our expectations. The ambiance was so romantic, and the food was beyond ANAZING!!! The staff was so sweet and welcoming and the service was exceptional. A def must go if you like a good steak...TWO THUMBS UP!!!!Been to better steak houses and better Ruths Chris, cracked water glass, slow service during restaurant week, even though we were not ordering off the restaurant week menuWorst Ruth's Chris experience I've ever had.  Like other reviewers have noted, I've been to many Ruth's Chris, and this has to rank the lowest in terms of overall experience.
Despite having a reservation, I had to wait a solid 15 minutes to get my table.  Hostess, who could well have been a final round Jersey Shores reject, was less than hospitable and dismissive.  When finally seated, it was at a small cramped table in the middle of the front room, in uncomfortably close proximity to other tables.  Am I at a Denny's???  Most intimate, in a bad way, spacing I've ever experienced at a Ruth's Chris.
No rolls, until I asked 15 minutes after ordering.  Slow water refills.  Slow service in general.  Over-salted and tiny lobster bisque.  Ordered a medium rare ribeye and got a gray piece of meat.  Only positive, the waitress replaced it immediately with one that was properly cooked.
Ruth Chris is, in general, my favorite chain steakhouse.  Unfortunately, will have to find an alternative in Philly because this one sucks.I'm a big fan of Ruth's Chris, but for some reason the food at this location just wasn't as good as some of the other locations I've been to.  I went there with a livingsocial certificate ($100 certificate for $50!), so I definitely feel like I got my money's worth, but it just felt like something was missing with the seasoning.  So I give this location 4 stars when I'd normally give Ruth's Chris 5 stars.  
My wife and I got Ribeye steaks and they were good.  Not as good as the Ruth's Chris in Indianapolis or Atlanta, but still pretty good.  I ordered mine medium rare and hers medium.  Both were cooked to the correct "doneness", but just seemed to lack the flavor I'm used to with Ruth's Chris.  On a scale of 1-10 I'd say they were 7s, which is still good, but I'm used to 9s with Ruth's Chris.  (10 is reserved for my backyard BBQ  :)
For sides we got scalloped potatoes, asparagus, and the baked tomato.  While the potatoes were excellent, the asparagus and tomato were very plain tasting.  IE, it's like they forgot to season them.  I've had both before at other locations and loved them, so I was very surprised.  
We got lobster bisque and Ahi tuna appetizers, and both of these were absolutely fantastic!  
The very polite manager made the rounds and asked us how the food was, but I didn't have the heart or time to talk about the sides.  
The staff was fantastic!  From the hostess to the waitress to the busboy, all were very attentive to our needs.  We never had to wait for drink refills, and the food came out in a timely manner.  Not too fast, not too slow, just right.
I have another livingsocial certificate to use and I'll definitely use it, but I hope they re-train the chefs on how to cook Ruth's Chris meals as well as other locations do.It really saddens me to write this review, but I must.  Let me start off by saying I've been a customer of this establishment for over a decade, starting in 2002.  Just out of college, I remember my first experiences at this restaurant were simply remarkable.  Paying for a $50 steak was heavy on the budget, but I felt it was well worth it, the steak came out sizzling, the sides were plentiful, the ambience was alluring.  I would try other steak restaurants such as Morton's, Capital Grille, Union Trust, they were all good steaks, but I always came back to Ruth's Chris because they always made their steak, in my opinion, JUST right.  
Each year my wife treats me for my birthday at a steak restaurant because I love a great steak dinner.  I rotate between Ruth's Chris and another steak restaurant of my choosing on off years.  This year my wife asks me where I would like to go for dinner, I don't want to leave anything to chance, so I tell her to make reservations to Ruth's Chris.  Sadly, this will probably be the last reservation I ever make to this restaurant.  I order a steak, medium rare, and I'm positive that it's overcooked.  They send out another one, and same story, overcooked.  I cut through the center, showed it to the guy next to me, we're in complete agreement that it's a medium well to well done steak.  I feel horrible, and feel like a complete dick about this.  The third steak is completely undercooked, rightfully so, so I just ask for the check cause i didn't want to deal with another interaction with the management.  They were gracious enough to not bill me, but I feel horrible.  I've NEVER sent food back before in my entire life, and I spent this evening doing it twice.  The service was impeccable, and the management went out of their way to cater to me and my wife.  But I think through the years, something is lacking with the restaurant.  Whether it's their attempt at growing their demographic/clientelle, who knows, but it has diminished the quality of service that has brought me back all these years.  I honestly don't feel the same aura, that I once felt at this establishment.  
I guess I'll just have to find another favorite steak restaurant.  Thank you for the decade of great steaks, I wish it could have lasted.Let's start by saying I normally love Ruth's Chris.  I've used to live in Baltimore and must have gone to that one more than 20 times.  We moved to Philly last year and my wife decided to surprise me for my birthday and take me there.  
Unfortunately, they sat us right near the bathroom on what must be the smallest table in the house.  We tried to get over it and enjoy our meal.  Unfortunately, our waiter must have been lonely b/c I can't remember having a server ask me so many things.  What are you celebrating?  There are NFL players in the restaurant, are you fans?  Oh, you're new to the city... where are you from, what brings you here?  
I think that it must have been a left-over pricing deal from Restaurant week, b/c they were doing a fixed price deal..  appetizer, entree and dessert for set price.  So, it was a better deal than normal pricing.  But for some reason the menu in Philly is more limited than the one in Baltimore, so my favorite appetizer and side dish aren't even available at this location.  The last hitch was the desserts..  It was supposed to be some sort of mousse with fresh berries on top.  My wife's allergic to berries so we tell our new friend the waiter.  When they come out, neither have berries. I would have like the berries on mine.  Haha.So let me start off by saying that I used to work at RCSH back in the mid 90's. I thought the restaurant was good then, maybe not great. Not much steakhouse competition in Philadelphia back then so it didn't have anything to compare it's self to.  I left in 1997 and hadn't been back...until this past Saturday night with a friend who manages a high-end steahouse in the city (she needs to check-out the competition). WOW! I was completely blown away. BBQ shrimp, to die for! T-bone melted in our mouths! Sides and salads were great too. Dave is an excellent bartender, and the support staff made sure we had everything we needed before we needed them (silverware, share plates, etc) The restaurant its self has been updated including the removal of the banquets in the middle of the dining room, for that I give them a thumbs down...I always loved those tables. Keep up the good work RCSH, you'll always have a place in my heart and my stomach!I went here for restaurant week. Bottles of wine were half off on Wednesdays. The food was awesome and delicious. The waiters were on point and kept our waters full. They checked in at just the right times.. However this place is closing down at the end of the month. Soo it's good but I think you can find better steak places in the cityMy husband was invited here by a client, who insisted he bring his family. Trust me that I realize that Ruth's Chris Steak House is probably not the best place for 2 & 4 year old kids. But the clients insisted, and off we went. 
Since our hosts had called ahead, we were put towards the back where there were no other patrons. The kids menu was fairly large, and included fillet mignion! All of the adults ordered steak (of course) of various cuts and temps, while I ordered the tuna. The kids both had pizza. The food was very good, and should be for the price. The dessert- some sort of berry dish, was really the highlight for me- it was delicious. 
What really put it over the top for me was our waitress. Again, I know this is not a great place for small kids- even well behaved ones! However, our waitress was very much on top of things- bringing bread immediately, finding crayons somewhere in the back, and giving my daughter a order pad to write on. She talked to my girls and checked on them constantly. She was fantastic. 
My four year old would tell you the highlight was the bathroom. It really is quite pretty- check it out! ;)What's the best thing about visiting a chain restaurant?  Some people say bleah, nothing, and avoid chains like the plague.  Fortunately for the dozens and dozens of successful chains in this country most of us visit them often.  So what do we appreciate most?  Consistency, consistency, consistency!  The great chains are masters at consistency.  Visit a Mickey D's anywhere in the country and your Big Mac will taste the same.  It may not be the best burger you have ever had but you have expectations and it is very likely they will be met.  Ruth's Chris is a great chain and that's a good thing.
I've been fortunate enough to travel throughout this country often with folks intent on buying me dinner.  I've visited probably twelve Ruth's Chris locations and their Philly location is as consistent as all the others.  At Philly it is very likely you will have a four star experience.   The atmosphere is classic steakhouse.  The service is polished.  The steaks will be cooked to order.  The sides will be delicious.  The drinks will be potent.  The check will be significant but on par with the other steakhouses in town.
So do you feel the "but" coming?  Yes, there is a "but."  Although I've enjoyed a four star meal I have never been wowed.  I've had a great meal but that's expected for this kind of $$.  I've never spent the next two weeks raving to friends about the experience.  Unfortunately for Ruth's Chris Philly is well known as a steakhouse town.  You can be wowed in Philly.  That's happened to me at Union Trust and Butcher & Singer among others.  
So if somebody wants to take me to Ruth's Chris I'll happily go and enjoy a nice four star experience.  If I'm going to take the lovely wife out to dinner at a steakhouse and I want to wow her, I'll make another choice.I took my girlfriend here on a Saturday evening around 7:00 P.M. to celebrate our 6-month anniversary, and I was disappointed in most respects, although the service was good.
First of all, the food: We split the porterhouse for two, medium rare, which came out done to the appropriate level, perhaps a bit over once it had sat on the plate for some time. The strip side was good, the filet side was passable in flavor, but surprisingly tough as filets go.
For sides we ordered the potatoes au gratin and the broiled tomatoes. The "tomatoes" were a misnomer: it was one tomato, modest in size, that had been apparently broiled on just one side with no seasoning to be found. Needless to say I was somewhat discontent as I sliced into my half of the $8 tomato. The potatoes au gratin were fine in comparison.
The service was the redeeming quality, and the only reason this review is being given two stars; the front of house was very gracious as I waited since my girlfriend arrived 15 minutes later than our reservation and the server was friendly and not overly intrusive.
The killer, however, was the atmosphere. I would like to thank the gentleman in the flat-brimmed baseball cap, sitting at the table behind us, for regaling us with his wide variety of ringtones throughout the meal. I am used to hearing people test their ringtones on the subway, but in the middle of dinner? Fuck off. The hawaiian-shirted patrons throughout the restaurant were very noisy and obnoxious, with less class than their high school dropout children.
If you want someplace with the ambience of an Applebee's at four times the price, eat here.This review is based on my comparison of Ruth's with other steakhouses around Philly.  Compared to other local steakhouses, 3 stars for the excellent service, decent steak, and location.
The price appears to be comparable to other steakhouses around the city.  For the price, if you are looking for a more romantic dinner experience, go elsewhere. This place has a modern, "hotel-ish" feel to it.  I like the more elegant and classic ambiance at Butcher and Singer or Barclay Prime.
We had an 11oz rare filet, seared nicely on the outside and juicy in the middle. It was a good cut and large enough to share (for those with small appetites). The Sonoma and Central Coast cabs along with the steak, made a great pairing.
The sides - the sidekick to a delicious juicy steak - are just as important to a winning dining experience.  At Ruth's, you get just Batman and the dependable sidekick, Robin is no where to be found. The sides were below average. We had the asparagus and the potatoes au gratin, which tasted like my quick microwave meals after a super busy work day.  Actually, my microwave meals taste a lot better than the sides.
For dessert, we had the molten chocolatecake with ice cream.  A delightful melting-middle chocolate fudge pudding - rich and delicious.Are you kidding?    The field green salad had a hunk( not to be missed  unless you were blind )   since it was a quarter of the core of iceberg.  Not really a problem except there is no iceberg I fresh green salad.    The salad was also thick and over dressed with vinaigrette    Okay we all miss sometimes.  The server justified it as it just got mixed in since the salad prep is altogether      Moving on to the next course .... Gumbo would be a rejected compared to real gumbo in NOLA.  Stay away !   BBQ shrimp never saw a BBQ.   They were undercooked to
start.  When they were sent back they just came back charred but nowhere near a BBQ.  Sauce was bland. 
The date was a wreck by time the entrees came.  I had veal chop Oscar.   The chop was cooked well but the "Oscar" was too heavy with nutmeg?!    Kudos to the pencil this asparagus.  
Overall not  up to the Palm by any means!Our group of four didn't expect the ultimate in fine dining at Ruth Chris', based on existing reviews. But our visit this Saturday evening failed to approach even these modest expectations.
To start, there is good news. Entering the restaurant is all one could hope for -- prompt seating and politeness, the ultimate in professionalism. Our waiter proved to be of equal caliber throughout the evening and we tipped accordingly. Bus service and a table visit from the manager topped off the ne plus ultra service.
So far, a pleasure.
The setting is somewhat gloomy and stark, with little imagination or sense of, say, a venerable gentleman's club. But it's good enough. The menu offerings, however, seem attractive on paper, and while we perused these our waiter recommended then fetched a suitable wine. Again, all this was handled flawlessly.
Prices are stratospheric. You expect to pay top dollar for prime beef, but not without any sides whatsoever. And a la carte sides are priced as though they came from a jeweler's safe -- $8.50 for a modestly sized dish of mashed potatoes, for example. Wines are also marked up shamelessly: double or more the norm of many other fine restaurants.
Okay, so the place is pricey, but again you expect something worthwhile for all this foregone loot. Three of us ordered various steaks from the menu, while the fourth sprung for a ribeye special on the bone. Three were ordered medium rare, the fourth medium.
What we got were four overcooked steaks -- three perfect mediums and one bordering on well. And all four were painfully lacking the flavor of an excellently prepared steak. Here lay four slabs of dead cow robbed of any culinary imagination or even quality traditional preparation, accompanied in one instance by a sweet sauce that mercifully added a modicum of flavor to the dullsville dogie.
It's not only that this nominal steakhouse turns prime cuts into second-rate dishes, the gumbo and lobster bisque apps were unworthy of a fine dining establishment. I can't recall the last time I've had such cafeteria-grade stuff in a bowl except when it came out of a can.
Ruth Chris, at least at this location, offers up minimus quality at maximus prices. Never again!I must say, I'm not a man that knows everything there is to know about steak, but I can tell when there's a steak that's good, great, and really great.  
Ruth's Chris wasn't good.  I can make a better steak than them (from the one time I've tried, maybe it was a bad night?)
I came here with 7 of my friends for restaurant week.  The selection was small, so I decided to veer off restaurant week menu and get the Chicago style bone in rib-eye (my favorite cut, sooo good).  We had an assorted variety of sides too (spinach, veggies, the normal).
My steak was cooked to perfection.  Problem is, the taste just wasn't up to par.  I've had juicier, more tasty cuts from the local supermarket (notice I did not say butcher) seasoned with normal salt and pepper than this steak.  I paid more than $40 for this steak, and I was expecting something that I couldn't do.
There are plenty of better steakhouses in Philly.  I promise.  They're all normally priced for this kind of steakhouse ($40 steaks), so spend it elsewhere, and do not get sucked in by the name, please!I go to Ruth's Chris pretty often (approx every 45 days). This last time my experience was not what I expected. Service was mediocre, we felt rushed and I had to send my steak back because it was not cooked to the correct temperature. I asked for "black and blue" and it came out "medium. I'm not sure if they have changed chefs, but they need to get the back of the house together quickly. Very disappointed.We used a Living Social coupon for this restaurant. I hadn't been here in years. There are now a zillion upscale steakhouses in the Philly area, hence the coupon. This place physically has seen better days. Lots of un-repaired carpeting, walls and the bathrooms were very shoddy. Our server had way too many tables to be effective and although the steak was tasty, it didn't rank to the same caliber as other steakhouses in the area.I love steak.  I love steakhouses.  I HATE RUTH CHRIS.
FOOD: Total Crap.  They drench the filet mignon in BUTTER (read the menu) and then serve it to you.  They also drench all their vegetables (which are over-cooked) in butter.  They probably use more butter here than beef.
SERVICE: Worse than the food.  Served me cold (not lukewarm, but COLD) soup and didn't even apologize.  Waited eternity for everything, including a spoon for my cold soup.  Servers, hosts, and management all acted as if they were doing me a huge favor by allowing ME to eat at THEIR crappy restaurant and were plain RUDE.  WTF?!?!
AMBIANCE:  Dirty carpet.  Dingy-looking place.  Really loud.
By far, the worst steak house I have EVER been to.  I even went there a SECOND time, hoping my first experience was a fluke, but same thing.  Other Ruth Chris locations are not as bad, but still the worst of all the steakhouse chains.  YUCK!We went to Ruth's Chris in Philadelphia (where we live) after having a wonderful experience at Ruth's in New Orleans.  Well, we should have gone back to the south.  This was dismal from start to finish.  
We were sat at a table that was off the main dining room and felt as if we were in the lobby.  We both had ceasar salad's to start that were dry and full of grape tomatoes.  My husband had pork chops that came out with two apple halves on top that looked sickly.  It was a sad, sorry display.  The pork chops were overcooked and tasteless and the accompanying mashed potatoes were dry.  I had the stuffed chicken and it was also dry and overcooked and lacked anything exciting.
Dessert was a very small creme brulee in what seemed the smallest ramekin that the kitchen had.  The last potential to shine was when we asked for a pina colada (again we had loved the pina colada in New Orleans); we were told that the bar has no blender so they do not make pina coladas.  We expected a place with the reputation of Ruth's Chris to wow us from presentation and taste all the way through and sadly it never moved anywhere.  We won't return.My friend and I came here for a Wednesday dinner during Restaurant Week.  The dining area was bustling.  The conversation din seemed to reverberate within the dining area, which made conversation with my dinner companion trying at times.
Service: 4.5 stars
Though very busy, the wait staff came by our table often enough.  No sooner had the waiter walked away from taking our food order than our first course (lobster bisque) was being set in front of us.  We were quite amazed.  The hitch in service (thus subtraction of 1 star) happened when it took a good 45 minutes for our entrees to appear.  Apparently, they lost our ticket in the flurry of activity.  This was offset later when the manager came by, apologized and took my glass of shiraz off the bill.  But what really impressed me was the excitement and overall thankfulness she expressed by having such a full and busy dining area during Restaurant Week.  This is a different tune from other restaurants that have a certain type of disdain for patrons that choose the restaurant week menu.
Food: 4 stars
Our lobster bisques were very good.  The chunks of lobster topping the soup were melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  My filet was perfectly cooked.  I didn't need any additional sauce.  The mashed potatoes had just the right ratio of garlic and butter in it's "mashedness".  The creamed spinach was alright.  The crème brûlée was the best I've ever had.  I've considered going back just for the crème brûlée.
Overall, a grade-A experience.In honor of the GNO (girls night out), mom and I checked out Ruth's Chris for the first time. It's prime location right next to the Merriam, where we were to see the musical Fela, was great. Valet parking was quick and offered a slight discount to self parking in the Bellevue's parking lot. We arrived about 5 minutes early for our 5:45 reservation, checked our coats and were seated promptly. Mom ordered the mardi gras cocktail and I ordered a berry concoction based on the waiter's recommendation. I liked the mardi gras cocktail best and wished I'd ordered it too (cocktail envy). And speaking of our waiter...his name was Chris and he was pretty darn good. He recommended the barbecue shrimp appetizer, which we really enjoyed (the garlic bread on the side was divine). Mom ordered the bone in ribeye since she likes her steaks well done and doesn't want to lose flavor in the process. I ordered the porterhouse (medium-more pink than red) and it was excellent. The steaks came out sizzling on the 500 degree plates and were cooked perfectly. Our waiter brought out a few sauces for us to try. I especially enjoyed the peppercorn sauce. We ordered asparagus and mashed potatoes to share (the portions were huge). The asparagus was a little undercooked for my liking and the potatoes were a bit dry. Finally we shared an apple tart. It was one of the best I've ever had. I needed coffee to stay awake after that meal so I ordered a cappuccino, which was divine. We left with enough leftovers for a few days and were off to the show. 4/5 for a pleasant Ruth's Chris experience. It's pricey but a GNO with mom is worth every penny.Back in my college years, before being able to afford a bonafide dining budget, parents' weekend was an occasion to be celebrated with weeks of anticipation about the big dinner out.  For me, the winner tended to be Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  There's something about the old school feel of the Philadelphia outpost that is luxe and comfortable at the same time.  While not a fan of the hunting trophy collection on the walls, it somehow works, like eating at twilight in a mysteriously high class jungle.
Now, after nearly a decade of enjoying the steaks, I can honestly say that Ruth's Chris is amazingly and consistently good across a multitude of locations.  The filet is nearly always perfectly cooked and served sizzling on the hot plate with ample (and amazingly fragrant) butter.  Any issues with degree of doneness are handled extremely professionally and graciously.
In addition to the steaks, here are some other things I've tried and really enjoyed (I've pretty much tried everything on the menu, but these are my favorites):
1. Sizzlin Blue Crab Cakes - very little filler and seared in a generous portion of excellent butter
2. Shoestring Potatoes - my favorite of the three types of french fries, these are the thinnest and therefore the fries with the best crispy to potato ratio
3. French Fried Onion Rings - perfectly crispy and juicy all at the same time
4. Bread Pudding with Whiskey Sauce - I've tried all the deserts and this is the best one!
PARTING THOUGHT: As a bonus, if you sign up for the mailing list, there are often special deals for restaurant milestones and seasonal deals (e.g., $99 dinner for two, holiday gift card bonuses, etc.).The meat was cooked perfectly & you're given fairly generous, nice cuts of meat. My ex ordered a Pittsburgh rare (RED center, burnt-ish outside) and got it served to him very well done, the complete opposite! The Chef realized his mistake after we got our meals and came out to apologize, giving us a whole new order. Minus that little mistake, the service and food is excellent.So I have had a hellish day of travel and professional conferences, but noticed a Ruth's Chris in the hotel lobby. Checked the menu on line and noticed a tenderloin sandwich on garlic bread with a horse radish aoli. I couldn't wait for the conference to end so I could get one. The waitstaff was amazing. Funny, friendly, personable... they were 5 stars all the way. The food is another story. I opened the well packed bag at my hotel and discovered my sandwich had hard, over grilled bread dripping with greasy garlic butter, my steak (ordered medium rare) is well done shoe leather and the fries are limp, undercooked and doused in pepper. 0 stars for the food. The meal is inedible...I think I'll take an Uber to Pat's Steaks instead. Only fair to mention that immediately after posting this review, the owner reached out to try to make it right. Too late as I am already across town and leaving tomorrow, but the immediate concern for their quality made me revise and grant one more star. I wish I had time to try it again, it sounded great!Ruth Chris Steakhouse was a superb experience. The hostess that greeted me, Lioba was gracious, friendly and very informative. I felt very at ease and more than welcomed. Lioba introduced me to other staff members who shared info on private events. My sever Erick was equally gracious. The meal was to write home about. I had the gumbo and fish entrée. It was awesome. I will return with friends. Thank you for delightful evening.$9.75 for french fries at lunch?  What more can I say?I went to the new Ruth's Chris for dinner. The decor is definitely not like the old RC, it's modern and sleek. The food also was not like the old RC. My Bf and I ordered the Caesar salad/ seared ahi tuna/ribeye/filet/potatoes augratin/ apple tart. All the food was very mediocre! The salad used bottled dressing, the tuna was extremely salty. The steaks were cooked to correct temperature but lacked flavor. The potatoes were sliced too thick and the apple tart tasted like a frozen one. In a foodie town like Philly RC has to step up their game. My bf had a Long Island ice tea and he said that was great. I guess I would go back for a drink but not for dinner.Ate here for our Anniversary. Service was attentive but not intrusive, food was excellent. Best steak I've had in years. We told them it was our Anniversary when we booked the reservation and they prepped our table with rose petals and gave us a free dessert with a sweet message written in chocolate at the end of our meal. Would totally recommend for a special occasion meal. Our waiter Luis V. was a definite positive.Happy to say that we decided to give Ruth's Chris Philadelphia another try because their steaks look so good.  Went for dinner a few nights ago and were not disappointed.  The steak was excellent, cooked perfectly and every bit as good as it looked.  Service was attentive but not pandering; wine list interesting and affordable.  Tonight we will go back for the shrimp at Happy Hour!This is far and away the nicest restaurant I've been to.  Beautiful atmosphere inside the restaurant and the menu has a good variety of food even if you really don't like steak.  I tried a ton of food, and all of it was great, including their house salad, apple crumb dessert, French fries, au gratin potatoes, lobster mac and cheese, and even the bread.  Ruth's Chris is really expensive, but it lives up to the name and price.  Our waiter George was excellent and it really meant a lot to have someone who truly knew the menu well.  I had no idea what I was going to eat heading into the restaurant and George was the guiding factor in my decision.  It was a pleasure dining at Ruth's Chris and there is no drawback to the service or quality of food--period.I cannot get the osso bucco ravioli from Ruth chris out of my head one of the best things I've ever eaten. Ahi was excellent also. Nice work.Went here for our Anniversary. When we arrived we were greeted with rose pedals and a romantic atmosphere. The service and food was excellent. The steak and lobster were like butter. The sides were huge. The sweet potato casserole was AWESOME!!!! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking to have a romantic night out. It's expensive, but worth the price.The new restaurant is beautiful, much improved over the previous location. Food was delicious as it always has been and the service was particular good. Each dining area has a unique design and the secluded booths are the best in the city if you are lucky enough to get one. Didn't care for the trio of sauces that came with the steak; but the rest of the meal was superb. Still the best steak in the city in my opinion.Thanks to the rude 40 something blond bartender who had no personality and did not even crack a smile the entire time she was waiting on us at the bar that was not even busy.  Not looking for a show, but as a former bartender I expect some type of pleasant interaction when I go to a bar especially a place as nice as Ruth Chris.  She even gave me a draft beer that was the worst pour I had ever seen where it looked like a gulp had been taken from it I should have  taken a picture.  The guy bartender was great and although he was not waiting on us made efforts to pick up the slack of the other bartenders no personality service.  Just gets old when you are paying good money at places the service sucks and you can tell the person waiting on you hates their job and makes you feel unwelcomed.  Our bill at $75 my cousin who is a great tipper was even disgusted and left her $10, which would never be the case.  Too many other good places to hit so no need to go back to this place even with great location to office.Came here for dinner with my coworkers.  Very slow service and the food was just mediocre.  I got the filet and lobster and my lobster was like jerky, very tough. The desert that came with the dinner special was nothing special, I have had better at Starbucks.  All in all, not worth the money or the time.We had an excellent brunch at Ruth's Chris Steak House this morning. Our server, Noah, was excellent. He was so personable and enjoyable to speak to. Our food was fantastic, I am sad to hear that not many people frequent Ruth's Chris for brunch because the food was so spectacular. Thank you to Ruth's Chris and Noah for providing us with excellent food and service this morning!Extremely disappointed with the quality of food. First and LAST time here. Definitely not worth the price! Tip: do yourself a favor and go to some sort of (cheaper) chain steak joint & save some money!To start the New Year off my wife and I decided to have dinner at Ruth's Chris. I've heard and seen numerous reviews, both positive and negative on Ruth's Chris and decided to make my own decision. To start the night off we walked in, and were politely greeted from the hostess. We had reservations and were quickly were seated. After being seated we were greeted by a server's assistant named Andre. His big smile, and welcoming personality immediately made my wife and I feel comfortable, and more welcomed. He gave us a wonderful, warm introduction, offered water and bread, and said we have an excellent server and would take great care of us this evening. Something great to look forward to right? So after he departs to another table to clear and set it up, we were alone at least 10 minutes before being greeted by a server whose name I will leave unannounced. Our server finally came over and wasn't as welcoming, or polite as Andre was. He gave us a poor introduction to the new location, and an even worse introduction to the menu. After finally getting a few drinks and ordered up some starters that came out in a timely fashion, and we were served by a young man whose name I believe was Jay. He nicely greeted us, and served us our apps. While enjoying our starters, we again we're checked on by the servers assistant, reassuring that everything was well. He then came and cleared our table, and then or server FINALLY appears again asking what we were having for dinner. We ordered our meal, and again it was bought out in a timely fashion, being served by a different person who bought out our food from the first time. After being served our food, we were again checked on by the servers assistant asking if everything was ok, and if we needed anything other than him to disappear so we can enjoy our food (we thought that was pretty funny), my wife and I noticed we were missing a side of mashed potatoes. We informed him about the mistake and he quickly took action and ran us out our missing side. His service was on point, and quick. Finally after enjoying our full meal, which was absolutely amazing, our server finally came over and didn't ask how everything was, he just asked if we had room for dessert, and made a motion for Andre to come over and clear our empty plates and eating utensils. He came over, asked us how our meal was, and if we were wrapping anything to go, and started to clear our table. My wife and I ordered some dessert and coffee, asked him to take our picture, and sat back to admire his work ethic. The way the kid can orchestrate a room, make people laugh, the way he checked on everyone, catered to everyone's needs to the best of his ability, and had time to clean and reset tables was amazing. I called Andre over, told him we admired his work ethic, we appreciated his five star service, and gave the young man a personal $100 tip. He tried to return it and say he was happy to serve us, it was his pleasure, but my wife told him to take it because he earned every dollar, and we watched him do it. We resulted in asking him to speak with a manager to give our compliments to his work, and make them aware of our ACTUAL servers poor performance. Before leaving we wished Andre a Happy New Year, and told the young man that we wish he was our server. He has all the potential in the world to be a wonderful server. All in all, a great night thanks to that young man.I looked through tons of menus trying to find the perfect place for my birthday dinner. I decided to give Ruth's Chris a try since I heard they recently relocated.
This place is elegant, and intimate. The booth seating allows for a private dinner feel. The food was amazing & prices were pretty descent. I ordered the stuff chicken, it's full of flavor & nothing like Ive had anywhere else. My boyfriend had the bbq salmon, it was cooked to perfection and melted in his mouth. 
The service was great! My waiter was ok. But They did a few great things to help commemorate my birthday. The hostess gave me a card after seating us, dessert was on the house & they took a photo of us & gave it to me inside a Ruth's Chris frame. 
I had a great time, so I'll be back again!Not to bad, not the best for Ruth's Chris.
Hostess was little rude seemed as if she did not want to seat a guest until her personal conversation finished. Food was okay but that's all.
Place was empty and they sat us next to 4 top did not space out the tables sat us all on top of each other. I'll try some place different next time.
CheersRuth's Chris is one of my favorite restaurants and I've visited several around the country, but the one in Philly is my favorite. The service, atmosphere, and food is outstanding. The ribeye is a must, as well as the potatoes au gratin. It's not cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for.I visited this establishment on Saturday evening. We had 7PM reservations. This was our first time ever at RC and everything was amazing. We both ordered from the RC Classics. Our server was ok, he didn't attend to us as much as other servers were checking on their patrons. Idk, maybe he was busy. Also thanks to the young lady who shared who her lipstick was by...I bought and it and it's amazing...thanks. I'll come back soon.We came for date night on a Sunday, at 4:30. Food and service was ok, not great, as I've experienced at other locations. 
My husband and I were seated immediately which was nice. The restaurant is beautiful and I love the artwork with the superheroes. Robert greeted us promptly and explained that he would be helping our server. Our server came by shortly after with our drinks. And then left. I noticed he was not as friendly or attentive to us as the other tables, and that definitely rubbed us the wrong way. (We were definitely the youngest guests in the room)
Our appetizer, the spicy shrimp, was brought to the wrong table, which is an easy mistake. But I watched the woman put her fork in the appetizer, realize it was not what she ordered, and then they brought the same plate to our table. 
I ordered a filet, medium rare, with crab meat oscar, with the Hollandaise on the side. My husband got the porterhouse, also medium rare, and we got the mashed potatoes and broccoli.  When our food came, the hollandaise sauce was covering my steak, and my husband's porterhouse was raw when he cut into the middle. They took my husband's steak to cook longer, but I chose to not have my food fixed. Once my husband received his food, we both enjoyed our meals very much. 
They did offer free dessert but we were way too full, and they seemed to be offended by that and therefore did nothing to our bill to make up for the mistakes. Many tables came before our requests, which was not very cool, but the food was delicious. I do expect a little better service when I am paying $200 (tip included) for a meal.My first experience at a Ruth's Chris location was in Niagara Falls and it was a 5 star dining experience. I hoped to repeat the experience here, but had an awkward and uncomfortable time thanks to my server. She spent most of the time ignoring us and the rest being condescending.  The little time she spent at our table included mentioning prices & suggesting we split items.  The BULK of her time was spent pandering to the couple at the table across from ours. Meanwhile, our empty glasses sat as she neglected our table. The rest of the staff was great. The manager John tried to fix the situation, but it was too late. The food was bland. Dining out is about so much more than food. It's  about the experience - the atmosphere.  I expected more from a restaurant of this caliber.I love steaks, who doesn't? I've been to many steakhouses in center city, including Ocean Prime, Fogo de Chao, Chima, Del Frisco, and other few places, but by far this is the best steakhouse of all. Me and my bf ordered the prefixed course meal with choice of clam chowder, 6 oz filet (rib eye for my bf), and cheesecake as a dessert. Clam chowder was creamy New England style with good amount of clams in it. It was very very tasty. But the real bomb was... the steak (of course!). The meat came on a very hot plate with sizzling butter. I was very impressed by how the meat was cooked to a text book perfect temperature. It was also very tender and juicy.. i had a chance to speak to the main chef John, and i could not stop complimenting him about the food. 
This is one of the greatest steakhouses in the city. I would definitely come back to this restaurant for their food, service, and romantic upscale atmosphere.Had lunch here and was pleasantly surprised by the burger.  I know I shouldn't as their fare is consistently good at dinner.  The service was excellent and the burger was cooked to order.  The blue cheese topping was crusted to perfection.We recently held an employee recognition dinner in the "Infinity Room". We had 30 guests and the dinner was a hit. The service was spot on. Shelby helped me get all of the accommodations set up to our liking prior to the night of the event. She was there upon my arrival and walked me through everything to make sure it was to my liking. She also followed up the next day to make sure everything went well. She was excellent from start to finish and was as pleasant as they come. Luis managed everything after our group arrived. Him and his team were great. They made sure everything was perfect at all times and were very courteous of our private presentation. Luis checked in with me throughout the night until the very end and made sure everything went smooth. He even gave us a little extra time in our room because we took longer than expected. He was very personable and down to earth. Shelby and Luis are an asset to Ruth's Chris and it was obvious that this translated to their staff with the excellent service they provided. All of our guests had a great time and the night was a hit. Oh yea, the food was great also! We will be back to hold more events for sure and I will be back for personal meals.This is my first time at Ruth's Chris since it closed its location on Broad Street. My family was celebrating our mother's birthday and opted for an early after work reservation.  I was a little skeptical based on some of the negative reviews but I am so glad I decided to form my own opinion. I agree that the service was impeccable as Nick, our server, was so attentive. My 5 year old nephew was there and Nick made sure he had was accommodated. Although the service was great, the food was even better!! Everything we ordered was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Some of us opted for the price fixed menu and others ordered from the traditional menu. We tried a lot of sides and even swapped dishes so everyone could get a taste. We almost didn't want it to end. We spent 2.5 to 3 hours at dinner and never once did we feel rushed. Our table was by the fire place, which is beautiful. My mom opened her gift, had dessert and enjoyed every moment. Thank you Ruth's Chris for the awesome experience!I was a lil nervous my first time at the new location i used to frequent the other location on the ave of the arts but this location definitely has a better decor and atmosphere. There not much to say about Ruth's Chris other than it the best steak i've ever had. I hate saying that because i'm scared one day i'll go somewhere and find a better steak but after years of tryna other places and having not been in a few years my NY strip and Lamb chips were phenomenal. The sides are usually good too they're big enough to share which they will tell you you'll probably really on need one and a half for a party of two. I usually get either the shoestring fries or mashed potatoes and asparagus this time I tried the lobster mac which was amazing with very tiny pieces of jalapeños in it. I'd definitely recommend those 3 items. Now if you notice i only gave my favorite upscale steak place four stars and that's because the drinks were not great. I wasn't that disappointed because i was coming from an function earlier that had cheap drinks and had enough alcohol for the night. But i ordered the blueberry mojito just to try their bar out but it was really bitter tasting so after a few sips i stuck to the water but i'd definitely recommend visiting Ruth's Chris if you've never beenI love Ruth Chris and often go to them around the country. This one was terrible today. The bartender literally would not make eye contact with me and I was 1/3 people at the bar. Then the bar staff would pull out there phones and watch videos, text. Then they had some snacks. I had to ask someone other than the bartender to give me a food menu after sitting there for 20+ mins. My app was good my steak was mediocre at best. For a restaurant that prides themselves on great steaks and a high end dining experience, I was disgusted. Never again.I had dinner at the new Ruth's Chris their first week at the new location.  The service was great,  but thats all that was. I had a reservation for dinner,  but the hostess tried to seat us in the bar room which is not a nice space for dinner.  After I insisted on a table in the dining room, I ordered a bottle of wine off their wine list,  a 2012 Malbec. She brought out the wine opened it and poured.  It was a few minutes later that I realized the wine was a 2015 vintage.  I went to use the men's room during the meal.  This was a strange and uncomfortable experience.  I waited in the hallway where the restrooms were,  a homeless looking thug approached the busboy and they were hanging out in the hallway.  I waited several minutes for one of the single person restrooms to become available.  At about the same time each bathroom door opened and 2 other busboys came out and stayed in the hallway,  it made me uncomfortable.  Although our server was great,  the food was just ok and I definitely would not come back here.  I called the manager the next day to tell him about the wine and the bathroom hang out situation,  he said he would "Take care of me" next time I come in.  Well there will not be a next time.  There are much better choices in the city for a good steakhouse.  I have always had great steaks at "The Saloon" in South Philly,  they even had free parking on siteMonday night traveling on business ... Dinner for one in a quiet restaurant.  First off - the bartender (Gary) is a riot and very friendly but wasn't my server unfortunately.  
Beyond that, an (almost) uniformly miserable experience - especially for an upscale steakhouse.  The lobster bisque had ... Some form of fish-like substance in it that more resembled flounder (grainy ... almost gritty) than anything like shellfish.  The flavor was ok, but bland.  I've had much, much better.  The stale bread I'll forgive for it being an hour before close on a Monday and I was dipping it in the bisque anyhow so no biggie.  
What confuses me though is how a place like Ruth's Chris can miss so badly on cooking a steak.  Ordered medium, got full-on rare with a lukewarm center.  I cook plenty of my own steak so I'm very aware of the difference.  I know steak cooks a bit more after it comes off the grill/oven. This wasn't even close.  After I found my waiter they took my steak in a fluster and cooked it up more ... Which means yes, I have a medium-well steak now with a charred and burned outside.  The manager insisted on bringing a new one...which came out even more rare than the first.  She had the audacity to suggest I cut it in half and use my hot plate (they bring steak on sizzling-hot plates) to finish cooking my own food.  I stuck with my charred filet over that.  
By the time they re-cooked my steak of course my side dish was cold so they went and got a new one of those...sigh. 
They wound up not charging me for most of my meal which was nice of them, but I'd have happily paid for what I intended to have.
A saving grace...the strawberries in sweet cream were quite good.Went on a Friday evening and the place is very nice! What an upgrade from the old Broad St location. Food is the Norm and very good. They have more specials on the menu then before which my wife liked. Service was ok! Waiter was good but he had a hard time locating the wine I ordered and the was slow in returning to table for follow up. Overall a nice location as its right down the st from Rittenhouse Sq.So this was my first time there, I decided to host my birthday dinner party there. The service was really bad not even going to lie. The service at the bar was way better than the service in the actual restaurant. Our waiter was nice granted that but he was so slow and just seemed to be all over the place. I don't even remember his name because he didn't even tell us what his name was. My steak was amazing and juicy but the mashed potato seemed a little dry and our desert was BLAH. I loved the food but I wouldn't do there again simply because of the service there.Came here with my husband the night before 4th of July since we wanted steaks, but didn't feel like grilling (lol). For a chain restaurant, we enjoyed our ourselves. 
The service was great and they were really friendly! I ordered the petit filet (oscar style - go for it) and my husband ordered the ribeye I believe - both were great and cooked perfectly. We also had the veal osso buco ravioli and we split the mushrooms as our side. We ended with dessert - creme brûlée and the white chocolate bread pudding. We loved everything and would definitely come back!Updated:  while my first experience wasn't up to par, the joviality of the bartender brought me back to give things another try.  The second time around my steak was cooked closer to my order (medium well on an order of medium) which was greatly appreciated.  I tried the lobster Mac n cheese this time around and it was tasty, though obvious the cold lobster was added to a warm plate and not heated.  I've upgraded my rating from one stars to three because the staff is clearly awesome even if the kitchen needs some improvement.  I'm unlikely to return for round three but hopefully the kitchen improves for those who follow.  
Original review:
Monday night traveling on business ... Dinner for one in a quiet restaurant.  First off - the bartender (Gary) is a riot and very friendly but wasn't my server unfortunately.  
Beyond that, an (almost) uniformly miserable experience - especially for an upscale steakhouse.  The lobster bisque had ... Some form of fish-like substance in it that more resembled flounder (grainy ... almost gritty) than anything like shellfish.  The flavor was ok, but bland.  I've had much, much better.  The stale bread I'll forgive for it being an hour before close on a Monday and I was dipping it in the bisque anyhow so no biggie.  
What confuses me though is how a place like Ruth's Chris can miss so badly on cooking a steak.  Ordered medium, got full-on rare with a lukewarm center.  I cook plenty of my own steak so I'm very aware of the difference.  I know steak cooks a bit more after it comes off the grill/oven. This wasn't even close.  After I found my waiter they took my steak in a fluster and cooked it up more ... Which means yes, I have a medium-well steak now with a charred and burned outside.  The manager insisted on bringing a new one...which came out even more rare than the first.  She had the audacity to suggest I cut it in half and use my hot plate (they bring steak on sizzling-hot plates) to finish cooking my own food.  I stuck with my charred filet over that.  
By the time they re-cooked my steak of course my side dish was cold so they went and got a new one of those...sigh. 
They wound up not charging me for most of my meal which was nice of them, but I'd have happily paid for what I intended to have.
A saving grace...the strawberries in sweet cream were quite good.Dinner for 4 and our experience was very good. All the steaks were great ( ribeye , strip and fillet) but why fight it the fillet was simply the best. Sides of mashed and Au gratin potato's were fabulous. The salted butter served with the bread was a nice touch. The service was very good. No need to be in a hurry at places like this. Just enjoy it.Went here for Happy Hour (4:30-6:30) at the bar and was not disappointed. Our Bartender/ Server Gary was awesome. Gary has a lively personality in a place with a great atmosphere. We all got the Prime Burger with fries and loved it. Totally recommend especially for the price.We just celebrated our 5 year wedding anniversary  at Ruth's Chris tonight (we got engaged at the old location in '08) and we couldn't have had a better experience! Kyle M was our waiter and he was wonderful he was attentive but not over bearing which gave us a chance to communicate with one another since time alone together is rare with our two year old :) our glasses were never empty! The food was amazing just as it has always been :) the lobster bisque soup was fabulous as well as the tomato and mozzarella salad the filets were cooked to perfection, the sweet potato with pecan crust was to die for and dessert was the icing on the cake  but I'm pretty sure I could have gone with another helping of the sweet potatoes as they were a dessert in themselves...we will be back again for sure and will be sure to request Kyle M!This was a very unenjoyable meal.  We used to enjoy the old Ruth's Chris next tot he Academy and would be there on a consistent and regular basis.  The room is really stunning and it is nicer than the attached Sonesta hotel.  It is a bit obtuse getting there from he hotel as you pass screaming  an unparented kids in the Hotel lobby.  The 18th street entrance is much nicer but its an odd location by foot and in a very business/financial section of CC.  
    The bar was helpful and very casual but it took forever to get a drink as the Bar tenders were taking to each other and there were only 2 couples at the bar.  Not much of a wine list 
by the glass.  My DP had a champagne that was flat and nothing special they poured a second glass of a prosecco that was mediocre.  
   On to the food.  The BBQ Shrimp were terrible.  Nothing like the gigantic tasty crustaceans the the old place used to make.  The sauce had no tomato or BBQ flavor ad tasted like butter and cream.  The Crabcakes were swimming in butter.  The steaks and actually I liked in the past the "Hold your Napkins over your shirt sizzle protection" was not there and less so was the Flavor.  Heavy on the Seasoning and not a very good piece of meat.  It lacked the mineral and marbleization that I love in a great steak and it was not Med rare it was Medium. 
My DP wanted Lobster but they only had very small tails...No Lobster Tanks.....
The Seared Ahi Tuna was great and I'm giving two stars for that and the Amazing Fries and 
dipping sauces......I think Shiitake, truffle and Honey something.  Very good.  I would prefer just really great Truffle parm fries but these were excellent.  We also had a Lobster Mac and 
cheese that was lacking flavor and heavily buttered and needed seasoning.  Maybe 
I would try again as it looks like a cool spot to grab a drink and a bite but in my opinion I would rather go to Del Frisco's, Prime Rib, Palm, Barclay, Butcher and Singer and others.  
Oh and the service was odd.  A real disconnect between server and helper.  sometimes 
pushy  and intrusive "What no salad tonight" and other times invisible.  I guess they are new to this spot so I will try in a few months.I ve had better steaks and service at Ocean prime. This place though pretty new was dirty. The bar has a toilet bowl smell which was really fowl which they tried to cover up with a glade plug in so my grey goose martini tasted like fresh linen and diarrhea at the same time. Then when the hostess at the front desk approached me and my girlfriend she smelled like she just downed a hamburger and when she handed me a greasy menu with her fingerprints all over it I was convinced she had just finished her meal. I think her name was lioby or something but her pointless conversation and asking me personal questions were uncalled for. Then lets get to the server Kyle. I asked him for suggestions and he treated me like I was annoying. He was more concerned about his Caucasian tables. He just gave me and my girl an attitude all night. My drinks were empty and he never asked me once if I wanted refills. The food was ok but the staff seems like they were all hired from Fridays or Applebees. This place is a joke.I frequent Ruth Chris bc it is across the street from my office. Some of the aspects I like are a semi private area where the noise is at a minimum. The steaks I've had are always very good. But I was disappointed this time. Service was very slow. Too slow for a business lunch. Lunch took an hour and 35 minutes and we weren't lingering.   I had to get up and search for someone three times to keep us moving on lunch   Excuse given by a waiter was a  large party of 20 got ahead of us. 
My expectations are that they can manage a group of 20 and still serve the rest of customers. This was not the case. I'm not sure I can go back if I have to take over an hour and a half for lunch. There are other steakhouses in PhiladelphiaThe four of us had a wonderful experience on a Sunday evening. We were made to feel comfortable and pampered in a very luxurious setting. Our server, Vance, was perfectly suited to the entire ambience of the restaurant.
Barbecued shrimp for appetizer, lobster bisque, and creme brulee for dessert were all wonderful. My T-Bone was perfectly done as were the mashed potatoes and cremini mushrooms. My fellow diners enjoyed filet mignon, New York strip steak, and almond crusted salmon. Definitely a special place for a special occasion.Stay for the drinks but do not eat the food! I ordered the lobster mac and cheese, and it tasted very bland. It wasn't very cheesy at all. It just tasted like a bunch of cooked noodles mixed in with a few pieces of lobster. The service was great and the bartenders were all very sweet. But about 12 hours after eating I became violently sick! I thought I might miss my flight because of that disgusting meal. Thanks a lot, Ruth's Chris!Was not impressed, considering the bill was $200+. Steak was cooked perfect but I've had better. Went for the experience, won't be back.It's definitely different from its old locale. It is an upgrade! The white bar is sleek but the layout is terrible. The bar area is very tight. The comic book art is urban and pop culture. When you get into the dinning room it's more a mature steakhouse. The fireplace is a nice touch! Now as for the food, we had the seared ahi tuna which was really good and a nice lite starter. After that we had salad, the wedge and the fresh mozzarella & kumato salad, both were good. The wedge needed more dressing and I had blue cheese dressing on mine. The kumato is similar to a caprese. Then we moved on to a petite filet for the lady at a MR temp and I had the  ribeye MR as well. The steaks took what seemed like forever and my wife's was over cooked. No biggie they sent out a new one and it was perfectly cooked. My ribeye was a bit more fatty than usual for a ribeye but all in all it was a good steak. Now my problem lies with service and over all quality. I feel like I am at a cookie cutter steak house with mediocre ingredients. I know its Ruth Chris and it's a chain but I was hoping due to the change of look and change in menu that that would bring better quality. My server was nice but knew nothing about the steaks. Couldn't tell me where they were from or anything about the meat itself. It seems there was a bit of chaos in the restaurant that evening since everyone seems not in place. BUT our bartender Durand was awesome when we had drinks before we sat. He was the only bartender out of 3 to actually acknowledge us. We sat there for a few before anyone made eye contact. His warmth and care made up for a rocky experience. They are new to the location and upgrade so I have full faith that they will get better and better! They do have a great happy hour!Been here twice. Once for date night in a booth, the other guys Christmas dinner in board room. Both times service and food/drinks were exceptional. Cowboy ribeye was charred and juicy. Paired well with frank family Cabernet.With being new to the Philadelphia area starting work at one of the larger hospitals, I met the Hostess Lioba outside of the establishment and recommended that I make a reservation to enjoy an evening meal with fellow coworkers.  Let me just say the experience was superb, our party was welcomed and seated immediately next to the infinity fireplace wall decor.  Lioba proceeded to introduce the wait staff who would be assigned to our party and stated if there was anything she or the staff could do please don't hesitate to ask.  Eric was our server, he suggested  nice  pairings to compliment our meal. The entire party chose the filet with broiled shrimp, strawberry blue cheese pecan mixed greens and various sides from the sweet potato casserole, to creamed spinach and parmesan cauliflower au gratin!  All were prepared to perfection!  As the meal proceeded our party was also visited by the Maître d' to  assure we were enjoying ourself and told us if we would like to see the rest of the establishment please let us know.  Eric didn't miss a beat , and we was shocked to hear this site just opened in June; you would have never known flawless.  Our party had the pleasant surprise of enjoying a complimentary dessert. Oh my decisions , decisions; we chose the crème brûlée and warm apple tart!  No disappointment here! Bon appétit.Ruth's Chris is one of my favorite steakhouses but unfortunately, I was disappointed as we went for lunch for my birthday.  I ordered a $40.00 Medium temperature Filet which was a very thin filet and didn't have the flavor which I expected from Ruth's Chris.  We ordered a wedge salad to share and no one brought bread nor an extra plate for the salad.  (We had to ask). I would not return to this particular Ruth's Chris in Philadelphia but would certainly return in other areas.We chose to spend our 5year anniversary at the Market St location.   All I asked was if we could have this cute booth I saw online that was secluded by the wine bottle wall. They said they would do their best but it was a busy night (totally understandable). Not only did they make sure we had the booth; our table was covered in rose petals with an Anniversary card waiting for us!!! Valentino was our server - so very sweet the entire evening. Actually all of the staff we encountered were so professional and so kind! After dinner they even brought us a Happy Anniversary dessert. 
 we love steak houses & always try new ones in our travels. This by far was the best food and best experience we've had!! Well worth it!We go to Ruth Chris for Happy Hour on Friday's.  While we only go about once a month, Irene, the bartender, always remembers our names and favorite drink, which is impressive.  The manager, John, keeps everything running smoothly.  Every Happy Hour food item is great; however we miss the steak skewer salad which was recently taken off the menu.  Please put it back.Let me start with the good...consistently great service.  Waiter was great as was the others in the front of house.  
The bad...the steaks.  Yes the steaks!  Absolutely terrible.  Over cooked to death and dry, and they actually served them to my wife and I.  This is the third time coming to this location. The first was the best ever.  The second was bad, steak again.  I thought it must have been a bad day.  Now yesterday was as bad as the first time was good.  I'm done with Ruthlessly bad Chris steaksSo it's a hot August night and there we were two of us dining fir the first time at this location. Anticipations were high. 
The decor was amazing and we were promptly seated to a private large booth. Omg that alone was a treat. 
We started with water. An amazing water from a bottle. Outstanding. I know I know it's just water. 
Then there was homemade bread that was out of this world. 
So we ordered the classics on the back. 
Ribeye medium well mashed potatoes salad and desert.
Filet with lobster tail and cauliflower Augratin
The food was delicious cooked right flavored right and just simply delicious. 
My wife said its the best lobster she ever had. I thoroughly enjoyed all 16 ounces of ribeye. 
Desert was a key lime cheesecake with dark almond chocolate bark. 
Can't say enough about all of it. 
Our server George was outstanding in so many levels. Ask for him by name if you go. He is simply outstanding as is the management staff.  
Outstanding experience 
Outstanding food 
Outstanding libations 
Outstanding service.This location is spectacular, I've been to other franchise locations and had much less desirable experiences. The steak here is always perfectly cooked and amazingly juicy, I recommend the ribeye, hands down there best cut, and if you get lucky enough to be there on a night that they're having lamb lollipops for an appetizer, you absolutely must have them! Best lamb starter I've ordered in a restaurant.Went there with my dad and sat at the bar.  He ordered the Ribeye and lived it.  Had a huge baked potato. I had the small filet with mash and mushrooms.  Was amazing.  THe bartender was fun lively and just led us to have a great time.  Food and atmosphere were great.A decidedly average experience.  The new decor is really stylish and the steak was okay but there were some  negatives.  The server was very inattentive.  My drink glass sat empty the whole night and he never came back to see if I wanted another cocktail.  My lobster mac and cheese side was terrible!  It tasted like they made it with Velveeta and the lobster was overcooked.  My steak was undercooked.  I ordered medium and it was very very rare.  The Oscar topping was good.
There are many better steakhouses in the city.  We only chose this because our guests wanted steak and this was the only place in the city that wasn't fully booked on such short notice (and now I know why!).Great atmosphere, super food, outstanding service ..We live in center city phila and often dine out... cannot beat Ruth Chris's ..number one place to go for any occasionOk so let's be real... 
when you hear about the new Ruth Chris down center city you can't help but to be excited! I use to visit the on on broad street MANY TIMES! So I decided to give it a visit. Went in on a Saturday evening (8:30pm)
Love the design and the layout. The booths look fab!  Now about the dinner/service. 
We were sat really fast. However once being sat me and my guest literally waited 10min for anyone to even recognize us. (The bus man did bring us water.) Norman was shadowing (in training) the server we were due to have. NORMAN was GREAT! Personality & all! He acknowledged that we were not greeted and took charge for the server he was shadowing. We never saw him again after he took our order. (Maybe he went home?) However our main server was dull, literally. Didn't even ask how the food was..We tipped 20% but to be honest...not even worth that. Sorry :/
When you are paying over $50 for any plate, one does not expect to run into issues. I sent my steak back twice:( I just gave up so I never even had steak. Long story short, I had mash and creamy spinach. Dessert was great! (on the house) I got crem brûlée .
Manager was great. Tried to turn the visit around. He did his best and I am grateful!I went here sometime last week expecting a steak like I once had from Wolfgangs. Well, what a mistake! 
My girlfriend and I walk in and it was very elegant looking and seemed to be high class type of restaurant. Like, I said, I really like steak. I had wanted to go to another steakhouse other than Wolfgangs because there aren't any by where I live. 
The Porterhouse for 2 is $90, 40 oz. I heard 40 oz and said to myself, "That's should be plenty for 2." I also enjoy calamari. So we got the Porterhouse for 2 and the calamari thinking this steak and fish side is going to be huge and plenty for us. 
Well, we ordered it Medium Well and it was Rare. The calamari had fruit in it. I'm not sure what this place thinks a Porterhouse for 2 is. There is just no way it was 40 oz because my girlfriend and I could've had 2 each. My question is, how big is a regular Porterhouse? How much does it weigh? When someone orders a steak you shouldn't have to send it back. I don't have a problem spending money, I just don't like being ripped off. If you say you're a high end steakhouse, 1) you should be able to cook it properly and 2) it should be 40 oz. Again, this steak couldn't have been 40 oz because I know I can't eat almost 3 lb of meat and neither could my girlfriend.
I will attach a picture. It does look like a lot, but there is no way this is for 2 adults. I am never going to Ruth's Steakhouse in Philadelphia again. 
Joe, from New Jersey.You guys better get on the ball as far as lunch is concerned.
I've been coming here since this location opened. Lunch has always been incredibly disappointing in terms of food prep and timing.
Last month, we waited 40 minutes for our check. We asked 3 times.
Today we sat in the bar, had mediocre service because the bartender waited on us. The two tables next to us weren't happy with their food, and were upset because it took too long. Don't think that sending a guy out in a suit asking with an attitude 'is there a problem' fixes it either.
You better get with the program right quick before you damage the Ruth's Chris brand,This was our third time to Ruth's Chris, but it was our first time at this particular location. We were able to get a reservation easily enough and were seated promptly upon arrival. I had the NY strip and my wife had the lamb chops. Needless to say the steak was so good that it made me giggle (lol). My wife was also pleased with her meal. If you go and you already like sweet potatoes, than I suggest you try the ones they have here. They are really outstanding. Our waiter Kyle was great and didn't mind my extremely sarcastic and joking demeanor. Couldn't ask for a better waiter or a better experience.I really enjoyed it here. Awesome service, good food and healthy pour on the drinks. The waiters continued to compliment my beauty and tell my dinner companion how lucky he is so they obviously have 20/20 vision :) 
Good Time!Celebrated my boyfriend's birthday there and this place was truly amazing. The atmosphere/ambiance was perfect for a romantic birthday dinner. I highly recommend the spicy shrimp and the white chocolate bread pudding. Great place will not disappoint and the prices are very fair for a steakhouse.Food was solid, but the service was great. The new location gives the restaurant a new improved vibe. Less stuffy and a little hip in the bar area. See Lioba the hostess..she is awesome. She will take care of you and ensure you are seated properly and you know what to order. Gary the bartender is the man as well. Service is excellent and he will make sure you enjoy yourself!Stopped in last night around 9:15 for a late meal after the Sixers game. We ate at the bar and both bartenders were excellent-friendly and accommodating. The decor was sophisticated yet relaxed and comfortable. Great jazz playing in the background. 
I ordered the NY Strip medium and the roasted corn.  Both were A-MAZ-ING!!! Ruth's Cris makes THE best steaks hands down. They are always flavorful and cooked to perfection. The roasted corn was perfect. The crab stack was fresh and vibrant with huge chunks of jumbo lump crab meat. We thought that by coming late the service or food might be spotty. That couldn't be further from the truth. We will be back to this Ruth's Cris for sure.Went to Happy Hour yesterday, Sept. 1, and it was EXCELLENT!  The food was outstanding, and our efficient waiter, Gary, made the experience even more enjoyable.  Ask for him if you go!For the amount of money the food items cost the food was not worth it. Lamp chops were salty and OVER COOKED. Asked for medium well and they we definitely cooked OVER well done. Chicken breast was juicy but also salty. Lobster mac was dry and asparagus were chewy. Highly disappointed!Do not place an order to go. I picked up a salad and asked for the steak to be cooked medium. The steak was rare at best and in some places outright raw and freezing cold. I'm unsure if for the carry out orders they use old ingredients as the lettuce appeared old and the mushrooms looked discolored like they had been sitting in a refrigerator for awhile. The rolls were tough in texture and barely edible.  I'm giving 1 star for the real silverware I was given. Not worth the $20 I spent.Now, I know why your restaurant only has 99 reviews. Ive gone to many Ruth Chris Restaurants, my first time here in Philadelphia, I was craving the stuffed chicken... I've never had a problem with the stuffed chicken in the past, except for this evening, my stuffed chicken came out with practically no cheese stuffing, I informed our waiter he took back my dish and brought back a pool of sizzling melted butter , my chicken was drowned in butter doing a back stroke, the chef decided to give me butter instead of the cheese stuffing sauce, because the chicken is pre- stuffed and there was any more cheese stuffing available, so he or she the cook sent my dish back out with the pool of butter.. The cook and waiter should have informed before sending my plate back with a pool of butter, don't insult my intelligence! If I wanted a bowl of butter to eat as a soup, I've would have ordered a bowl of butter soup. :((((The waiter/employee service here is unacceptable. Empty restaurant, The waiters and employees were drinking Starbucks staring at the their cell phones, not paying attention to the guests. We had to go up and find the waiter to order drinks/ food. We came for lunch and it took over 50 minutes for the food to arrive. The waiter barely came to our table and had an attitude. The waiter spilled ketchup all over one of our guests.  The food is very good, but the service ruined our meal. Also the bathrooms are supposedly closed at the restaurant making guests go to the hotel next door for some reason.Disappointing atmosphere was loud, definitely a place for drinking. Service was slow & my side was cold. The entree was good and hot but a bit pricey.We had a wonderful experience here due to our server Luis V. He was highly attentive, cordial and pleasant to speak with. The food was awesome. We really loved the crab cakes, sea bass and almond crusted salmon. The desserts were amazing too - creme brûlée and apple tart!So my daughter took me here for Mother's Day. First I will start off with it Is an extremely nice restaurant I mean beautiful  and the staff were very nice but that is where it stops. We ordered the crab cakes salmon lobster Mac n cheese spinach and crab fried rice and all three of us got extremely sick. We left around 230 and my first incident with the bathroom was 7  my oldest at 10 and my youngest daughter the next morning. We were throwing up both ways I had to go to the doctors to get some medicine for some relief  Will not be back maybe for drinks but not foodPro's: The salmon portion was tasty but pretty skimpy. The banana cream pie was awesome.  The steak was very good.   
Con's:  Service was TERRIBLE. The lobster bisque was super salt and not hot.  The waiter never brought out bread and didn't remove dirty plates despite not having space for the entrees and sides when they arrived.  The room temp was cold, probably due to the propped-open door to the hotel hallway by the bathroom. 
Icing on the cake: a mom & daughter 4 tables away were blasting cell phone videos.  I didn't want to confront them but it would have been nice if the staff did. 
Bottom line: I've had better experiences at Ponderosa's.Had a very pleasant time here thanks to my friendly waitress. I came here at around 9PM on June 9, 2018. 
Ordered a steak and the South American fish. Both were absolutely delicious and portions were solid. Each item on the menu has a calorie count, which is a huge plus to me!
Will be returning.Enjoyed a pre-Easter dinner with a friend the other evening. Hadn't been to RC in a very long time. I arrived early for my reservation and was promptly greeted and seated. I enjoyed the soup of the day which was crab and tomato soup-very delicious. My friend had the gumbo and was just as pleased. I had the petite ribeye and my friend had the filet. Both entrees were cooked to our liking and were served very hot! The sides are served in a large portion enough for 2-3 people so we shared the potatoes au gratin and the lobster mac and cheese. Everything was great and we definitely look forward to returning!Absolutely delicious!!! I had surf and turf and it was so good! I would definitely would come backEverything was superb. From the food to the atmosphere and especially the service. Our waiter George guided us and made suggestions. Though did not pressure. The restaurants quality interior really gives you a private club feel. Combine all of that with awesome steaks and sides plus wine. Winning combination!Went on Christmas Eve. We've tried so many power steak houses on Christmas Eve and they usually lack in both food quality and service. Ruths Chris rocked it fir my family! CJ was out waiter, and Nick the manager treated us so nicely. And the food was really good too!
Thanks for making our Christmas Eve so special, and I hope you both were able to enjoy your families during the holidays as well.The host here is a bad host. I walked in to go to the bar for happy hour and it was full.  Instead of presenting options and solutions, he just turns to me and says this is how it gets at happy hour.  Well, really?!!?  So I will take my happy hour dollars and spend them elsewhere.  Don't point out a reason for why a patron won't spend money with you, find a solution so that they can.  Dumb business move.Well after waiting an hour for our dinner, they somewhat redeemed themselves because the steak and lobster tail here tastes simply fantastic, as I've grown accustomed to from this chain of steakhouses (see my post about the one in DC on 9th st where we held our wedding and where we had a phenomenal experience). That being said, our original steaks came out completely cooked through, as opposed to the medium rare and medium that we ordered (the waiter even tried to tell my wife that her gray steak was actually medium rare,  BWAHAHAHA), and when they took them back, it was at least a half hour until we got the new meals and by that time it was easily after 10pm and we weren't even feeling as hungry because eating our salads and accompaniments without our entrees had already sent the signal to our stomachs and it was too late. We were treating ourselves tonight, having spent so much for our wedding dinner at Ruth's that we had a number of gift cards through their summer promotion ($50 for every $500 spent), and so I have to say that this was a rather disappointing way to use those gift cards. As is, the dinner still cost us a bit out of pocket above and beyond the gift cards, and one would have thought they would have comped a round of drinks for us after waiting so long and having our initial meals messed up. 
I should also add that we were seated near the bar for some reason, away from the main dining room, where it was a bit bright and not exactly the romantic steakhouse experience we had hoped for tonight.Went here for dinner back in February.  Food was delicious, service was very good.  However, upon reviewing my credit card statement I noticed two charges from the same night; one for the pre-tip amount one for the total.  I called to get it rectified and was told it was a result of switching credit card processing companies and it was being taken care of.  I just reviewed my new latest credit card statement and the 'credit' they process came through as another charge!  If you use your credit card here you might want to double check the billing.
Update - returned this summer with gift card GM gave us.  Food was great as usual and no double billing this time.  Upped rating to 4 stars overall.   Going back this weekend for anniversary dinner, hopefully all goes well.Rating one star for Amber's attitude, never ate at this place I tried to make reservations because I heard the food was good but she denied me a booth and was rude about it. -Philadelphia PA location