Adding the San Diego and Savannah (sans mayo) to my list of favorites from here! They've become my go-to sandwiches. I did notice that a few sandwiches have come off the menu, so hoping these two are here to stay! 
Tip: Ask for the Savannah grilled so the brie is nice and melted!Love this spot and so happy the moved further down fairmount Ave so it's closer to me!! 
Great mix of classic sandwiches, as well as unique but equally as delicious options. Super nice staff as well. Recently I couldn't decide between the buffalo chicken panini and the jerk chicken panini, but decided to go with the jerk chicken since had an interesting addition of pineapple which was the perfect amount of sweet to the spiciness of the delicious sauce.
Great selection of salads, too, with a monthly chef's special! Bakery display looked amazing with cookies, cupcakes, etc. Definitely want to go back for one of the huge cupcakes I saw. 
SUPER friendly staff, I asked for a bunch of suggestions and they were super willing to chat. Not a lot of seating but some options for both inside and outside seating!The bagal Here was plain but with large volume, you could choose which content you want. But basically, not so surprising.What's a brunch place without hot chocolate and omelette? Sucks! I had to eat Umpqua oats ( which I can even have in my office every day) and that too I had to eat some random flavor coz my favorite one Kickstart wasnt available. So pissed off!My mom and I went looking for lunch were directed to walk along Fairmount as there are a number of cafes there. We ended up stopping at Rybread, and we were certainly glad. The food here is amazing! I normally don't like to buy sandwiches when I'm out because honestly, it's not that hard to put stuff on bread, you can do it at home. But these sandwiches are WORTH IT. Amazing variety, super fresh ingredients, stuffed full of lots of tasty things. I only wish I actually lived closer so I could go more often!
We sat outside at the patio in the back which is small, but super homey. If you're in the mood for a great and easy lunch, definitely stop here.On a layover in Philadelphia me and my wife went into the city to check things out. We stoped here for lunch. Had the corned beef on rye and it was a nice sandwich. The crab came sandwich missed the mark though.You never disappoint! Great Santa Monica and lemonade. I inhaled my lunch! Fast and friendly service.Whoa!!! Ryebread Cafe is so great!! I almost hope more people don't find out about it since the wait times are very reasonable and although they are busy there are always free seats. Big fan!
They have a really cool geographically-themed sandwich/panini menu which accounts for most of the food options. There are 3 vegetarian sandwiches and I have tried the Sante Fe (grilled portobello, squash, eggplant, caramelized onion, pesto) and the Hollywood (hummus, cucumber, red onion, shaved carrot). Both were delicious! 
The inside has a great feel and there is outdoor seating out front and in a rear patio. Very friendly staff. Since I am quite sick of the crowds and long waits at Mugshots this is a really great alternative for a quick weekend breakfast!Just dropped in for a little late Sunday lunch after reading all the positive Yelp reviews and once again Yelp did not let me down.  Even though like many a good places... you could walk right by Rybread and never even notice it, this place serves up a mean sandwich.  Highly recommend the untoasted Napa sandwich!!! I went sans prosciutto to keep it a little lighter but I think next time I will give it a try wit'.
Enjoy!Good, safe, reliable, local place. Not special but is totally satisfactory. Coffee is drip, and just passable.This is one of my favorite places in Fairmount. It's such a staple in the neighborhood. Ryan and Steph (the owner/manager) couldn't be kinder. Their scones are my favorite thing. My weekend often starts with walking to Rybread to get a blueberry scone, bacon & cheddar scone, and a cup of coffee. It makes for a pretty fantastic start to a Saturday. They also have fantastic salads and a great variety of sandwiches that are so fresh and affordable. The place doesn't have a ton of space but they have a ton of character and food that's tough to beat.Love their Fairmount location, so very excited when they announced a Brewerytown shop. Tasty sandwiches, salads, AND beer?! Yes, please. 
They did a great job renovating the interior but kept some cool features, like the wraparound balcony. I love the big table in the front window. The staff is very helpful and friendly.I've gotten Ry Bread for lunch numerous times and never been disappointed. They consistently have great soups, salads & sandwiches. Because I like more elaborate coffee i.e. Lattes, Cappuccinos, etc they are not my go-to for that. Therefore I don't often think of them for breakfast. Oh yeah, another important offering, rock solid cupcakes!Overall-  this place had awesome vibes, decor, and menu but the actual food was underwhelming.  The small space also created awkwardness/claustrophobia.  Went on a Saturday late morning (1pm) and bounced my way around Fairmont's finest like a ping pong ball.
The pluses- I love the handwritten chalkboard menus and outdoor patio seating.  I love seeing people bring their dogs to lunch and hang out.  And I love sandwiches, croissants, and bagels.  So by all measures, I was set up to absolutely love Rybread.  
I ordered the Santa Monica on multigrain (bacon. lettuce. tomato. avocado. mayo) and the bf ordered the Savannah (oven roasted turkey breast. brie. whole cranberry sauce. mayo) on multigrain.  We also got a couple of drinks (iced coffee- which was nice and strong) and a Hazelnut Coffee.  Total was around 25$ which is a bit pricey for a to-go lunch.  
My sandwich (Santa Monica) was underwhelming.  It's hard to mess up a sandwich with these ingredients because they are so damn delicious but I really felt like they hid, rather than highlighted, the best components.  WAY too much lettuce (part of which was brown), limp tomatoes, and the bacon was not the crunchy, flavorful counterpart I needed it to be.  Add some chopped basil to that mayo or make sure to only use fresh veggies/bacon... it just didn't have "oomph".  Would not order this again.
My boyfriend's sandwich was better but also lackluster.  The whole cranberry sauce was delish and you can't go wrong with brie... however, it didn't blow me away.  We both are huge lovers of food and if we love something, we can't stop talking about it.  Neither one of us raved on this.  We just quietly ate our sandwiches.  So hence the three starts.  
However, I am hopeful.  I saw some MASSIVE croissants at the register and the paninis definitely piqued my curiosity.  Perhaps it was an off-day, perhaps they were too busy, or perhaps their Santa Monica just doesn't taste that good.  I will be back, on a weekday, and will give this place a second try.  If only because I really like chalkboard menus and places where you can sit on the patio with your puppy.The staffs are super friendly
I tried "RYBREAD"($9.75), the sandwich that has crab cake in it an loved it!!
Add some of the spices that's lying on the counter to make it betterA little small inside but luckily they have outdoor seating in the front and back! Reasonably priced and it's always delicious. Always.When I first read the story behind rybread, I just had to check it out. An unemployment ... opportunity? A cross-state journey and a menu inspired by each stop on said road trip?  Inspiring.
But the lure of a "happy ending" alone does not do the trick...
Good thing rybread has it all. Delicious, fresh breakfast and lunch fare, excellent iced coffee, outdoor terrace seating, reasonable prices and an extremely pleasant and friendly staff. Seriously people, what else could you ask for?
Oh, you want to be part of a success story too? DONE.For a sandwhich shop, Rye Bread is definitely a quick, quality lunch stop in Fairmount. There's so many options between breakfast sandwhiches and oatmeal for breakfast. Then there's cold sandwhiches and paninis for lunch. The Denver is the classic chicken salad sandwhich with greens. Personally I thought it was a little dry and unimpressive but we also ordered the Savanah which is a roast turkey, cranberry sauce and brie sandwhich and that blew my socks off. 
The service is always great and the location is right on Fairmount a block from the art museum and parking isn't too horrible. 
I think the price for the add ons like the chips and sodas can be a bit pricey so a 7 dollar sandwhich turns into a 13 dollar meal real quickly. But all in all I go there very often and usually enjoy my sandwhich.Food poisoning.  That's really all I have to say.  I left there about the eight minutes ago and I haven't been able to stop throwing up since...  I hate this place..    Cold sweat and vommitting was not what I ordered ...Awesome little restaurant for some coffee and sandwiches.
I came at breakfast time and got some iced coffee and bagel sandwiches. Nice outdoor seating in the back as well as on the sidewalk. The owners are super friendly.My girlfriends and I were definitely NOT as googly-eyed about this shoe-box size restaurant as the rest of the reviewers here. Here's why: 
1). Itty. bitty. -seriously, not for the claustrophobic. The "lovely outdoor seating" ?? there are approx 3 tiny tables...yeah, good luck with that at lunch. The restaurant itself is cute, but with it being SO busy and SO small, there isn't room to even pass through to GET to the miniature outdoor seating area without unintentially groping someone waiting in line to order (and there's no AC, so everybody's pretty sweaty and cranky). They have a few tables out front, but on these 95 degree days w/95% humidity..sittin in the sun ain't pretty. 
2). A bit on the expensive side. I paid 20 buckeroos for a sandwich for myself, a grilled cheese for my daughter, two small bags of chips and and iced tea and lemonade. My other girlfriend had wanted to go to Chipotle for lunch and I talked her out of it..normally I would have zero remorse for talking someone out of a chain, but i kinda felt bad when we had to each cough up $20 for some sammies for us and our kids. 
3). We ordered 3 different sandwiches among 3 adults and 2 kids. None of us thought ours was all that tasty. Two of us had the Tucson and we thought it was dry and underwhelming taste-wise. 
The food wasn't bad, but Still not having explored all of the other fabulous little spots in Fairmount, I'm gonna keep truckin'...There is a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere at Rybread. It is an excellent place to read or study. I got the Buffalo panini on brioche with Gorgonzola, which was delightfully spicy, but balanced with sweet red onion and shredded carrot. My girlfriend ordered the Napa with eggplant on baguette, with mouth-watering pesto and mozzarella. My white-chocolate flavored iced coffee was perfect. I will be coming back--a lot!Oh, how I love Rybread.  The chalkboard menu here is so extensive you never have to order the same thing twice.  Every sandwich I've ever ordered here was delicious.  The Napa is an old standby, the Plymouth (a Thanksgiving type sandwich) is my most recent favorite, but I'm sure there will be more.
The wait staff is lovely, the sandwiches are perfect, and the coffee is strong.  I am a Rybread customer for life!I had been meaning to walk over to Rybread for several months. Finally made it in earlier today, and the visit was unfortunately a bit of a letdown.
You enter and there appears to be a line to the register. Chances are that it is not actually a line -- it's just people waiting for their already-ordered drinks/food inside the tiny space. At this point, you can either look at the chalkboard of offerings to the left, view the case of pastries, or head right up to the counter and place your order.
Once done ordering, you join the ranks of people who appear to waiting in line but are just...waiting. Your name is then called shortly thereafter. In my case, they chose to call me "Kathy" (*points at Yelp name* *makes face* *notes that this did not impact my rating since it happens to me all the time but.. uuuuugh*).
I grabbed my order, and since there were no tables open (out of the three available), I brought my piping hot coffee and "Denver" chicken salad sandwich outside to quickly consume at one of the tables there. These additional tables would be nice when it's warm outside, I'm sure.
Drink verdict: I was not a fan of my vanilla-flavored coffee. Despite sitting outside in the 40-something degree weather, it took way too long to even cool off to the point of being drinkable. Once it finally did reach peak-drinking-temperature, the flavor was off. Maybe their regular coffee is better.
Sandwich verdict: They clump that meat in there! That part is great! For the price, it's a fantastic deal. I wasn't a fan of the multigrain bread, so if I ever found myself there again, I'd ask for a different bread type. The [chunky] chicken salad itself was also on the bland side, with minimal walnuts, but the grapes were good and saved the sandwich.
Other items on their menu looked like they could be tasty, so I might check them out again someday.A nice addition to the neighborhood. Primarily I get take out cider, beer or coffee. The sandwiches and soup are a little outside of my usual grab & go lunch style, though I like the addition of RyeBrew to the block. It seems like a good place for young couples with children and college kids to eat lunch or dinner time sandwich or soup, have a coffee or beer & sit with wifi. A healthy addition to the changes on the block.This place is a great little place to quickly pick up a delicious, creative bite to eat!  They even have delivery!!  My favorite sandwich is the Santa Monica on Multi-grain... (BLT w avocado's) yum!  The staff is friendly and very quick with making each item on the menu.  I'm so happy Rybread came to the Fairmount neighborhood!!!This place is small obviously.  But you know that going into it.  That being said the coffee is great, I believe they use Chestnut Hill Coffee which is awesome.   The staff is always friendly, even if they are not 100% organized in there.  But they are so polite and the sandwiches are always good.  Definitely my favorite coffee shop in Fairmount.The Savannah and San Antonio are the way to go. Really great ingredients and my love of cranberries does make me partial to the savannah. The specials they have are usually impressive as well. Great selection. Prices are $1-2 more than I might expect, but they make big sandwiches and use good stuff in them, so its worth it. Gets crowded quick but you can wait outside.This place use to be my go-to breakfast sandwich spot! Has been lacking in the quality department as of lately. Bacon egg & cheese was cold today. Whomp!Ry Bread is a SOLID lunch location.
I have been twice thus far in my short time in Philly, and I say that these people win the reward for nicest customer service.  They take a few minutes to make your sandwich, but that is because they are making it fresh.  it annoys me to no end places that do not make sandwiches fresh to order (ahem, Atlanta Bread Company....)
They have a few seats in the front, but they also have seats outside and in the back of the restaurant on a patio.I will trek over here anytime for a meal! 
oh yeah... the food...MMMM... perfect. hits the spot. and i have 0 complaints.Came here on a Sunday morning and the bagel selection was a little low. My friend and I got 2 of the last sesame bagels, and I felt bad when the person behind us asked for one. The bagel sandwiches themselves were super tasty and filling; however, I would not recommend the iced coffee. My friend and I both ordered iced coffee and found it to be super watery. This new location has a good amount of seating with outlets scattered around, but be prepared to smell like bagel sandwiches for the rest of the day.This place is a nice, small establishment with a BIG menu of salads, sandwiches, and paninis. I had the Oklahoma panini and it was AMAZING! Roast beef, pesto mayo, carmelized onions and roasted red peppers with havarti on delicious sourdough bread! We also had a great grilled cheese that comes with your choice of other amazing toppings.
All of the staff were very friendly and the limited seating indoors is augmented by outdoor seating on the sidewalk and out in the back on a patio.Great place. Amazing sandwiches and good service. Honestly, nice products. Try the San Diego panini and the lemonade ice tea. Delicioso almuerzo :)Don't know how it took me 3 yrs of living in the area to stop inside this place!
Love their sandwiches and the prices are super affordable especially for the area! My fave sandwiches are the kingston & santa monica on sourdough. My bf likes the buffalo chicken panini.
Their coffee is also tasty & affordable! You can sit inside & use the wifiThey just moved next door and I was really happy with everything and the price was very reasonable.  Could probably use a little more staff on a busy Sunday morning but I am sure they are still getting familiar with the new location.  Great start and great to have such a quality place so close by.Only have gotten sandwiches, but always happy.  In love with the multigrain bread!  Excited about the longer hours.I honestly wish I could make it to Fairmount more often for breakfast, especially since it has places like Rybread. Actually, it's probably a good thing that my neighborhood doesn't have an equivalent, because this is where I'd be spending my money every morning.
In my case I'd be buying the OBX and a coffee every day. One is a delightful breakfast sandwich that's more satisfying than most full brunches in the area. The other is freshly brewed and rich, the way a bagel and sandwich shop should make it.This is 4-star review only because I've only been here once.  The sandwiches are fantastic -- no substitutions or special orders necessary.  We ordered the Santa Monica (BLT with avocado) and the Rybread (crab cake on brioche with chipotle mayo), and both were fantastic.  The restaurant is tiny but cheerful, and it was a great warm stop after our Eastern State Penitentiary tour (unheated, but also, yes, fantastic).  This would also be a great alternative to the museum cafes, I think, as it's not far from the art museum -- and worth the walk.Flavorful, filling sandwiches and Route 11 chips make this a great place to grab a quick lunch to go. Very limited seating, although there is some extra space in the back on a patio. All of the sandwiches are named after various cities, so it is fun to think about different places and travels. We enjoyed the San Diego and the Santa Monica, but could easily see returning to run through the menu. This restaurant isn't going to change your life, but it is going to leave you satisfied. Excellent choice if you are visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary.Yay Rybread. Thank you for coming to Fairmount Street. We definitely needed some more options for quick breakfast / lunch beyond the uber slow/expensive/crowded Mugshots! 
I had a salad with chicken, pesto, sundried tomatoes and it was great. My friends had sandwiches and paninis and those looked delicious too. We split a large chocolately cookie that was heavenly. I'm now just want to try breakfast. Someone here said it's the best coffee in the neighborhood! Looking forward to finding out.I'm pretty excited to have discovered this year-old family owned sandwich shop in my neighborhood. Rybread has a really great origin story which makes me want to support them even more. The sandwiches are delicious and made with care. The only downside to customers is that there are often lines. If you are willing to stand outside or in the slim hallway to wait 10 or so minutes for your breakfast or lunch sandwich then I highly recommend Rybread!love this neighborhood sandwich joint. currently trying all the sandwiches which have never disappointed. the philadelphian and savannah sandwiches are my favorites thus far.Delicious food, friendly staff, and great atmosphere! It is a bit tight, but it's worth the wait!I ordered a bagel with cream cheese. The problem was the spread of cream cheese was so thin you could see through it. It tasted like a dry bagel. It was awful. When you want a bagel with cream cheese you want to taste the cream cheese. With so many bagel places in Philly I'd never go back there again. So here's the thing, if you go cheap and try to save a few pennies on cream cheese, then the sandwich tastes awful, people will never go back, and they will give you bad reviews. Why wouldn't you try to make a great bagel that people will come back for? Really disappointed.Good selection of sandwiches but the tastes (at least the few I tested) were just okay. Nothing too special.Great iced coffee...Good sandwiches but not filling. The last two times I went the sandwiches were so small I left hungry. For the price I feel like there are other better sandwich options in the neighborhood.Great egg sandwiches and pleasant little back door patio. Staff was especially welcoming. The mint ice tea was delicious.I bought a jar of homemade peanut butter here and it was one of the best unexpected things I have ever eaten in my life. I are the whole jar in a weekend! My sandwich was also great but I will be back for the peanut butterI seriously just signed up for yelp just to write a review for this place. Some of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time. Everything was delicious. I don't think I will order another sandwich from anywhere in the Fairmount area again. Why bother?? I'm delightfully surprised at how good these sandwiches are. Soup was great too!! The only thing they forgot was napkins in the to-go bag, but I aint even mad at em!!!!!Fabulous bagels because they put the seeds on BOTH sides.  Also the best veggie cream cheese I've ever had in my life.  
My only complaint:  if you order 6 bagels you expect to come home with 6 bagels, not 5.I'm a big, big fan of RyBread.  I can't give it 5 stars, however - the lack of indoor seating (and my apparently crummy timing) prevents me from  singing from the hilltops.  Without fail, whenever I go, the room is full and I am forced to take my delicious sandwich out.  I can't wait til spring when I can sit out back in their lovely patio area.
Moving on!  This place is great for Fairmount. It's family-owned (and the family is SO NICE), the ingredients are fresh and delicious, the coffee is tasty, and everything is just... NOM. It's good. My personal fave - the Santa Fe Panini (portobello, onions, zucchini, pesto) with provolone cheez.  Wow. 
I will say that the service goes an awful long way here. I am always treated great, and I'm only an occasional customer. Good going, RyBread - keep it up, and take over the insurance office next door so you can expand your indoor seating. :)Huge selection of sandwiches made to order.  Pretty fresh good ingredients.  Friendly staff.  But, why the hell does it take 15 - 30 minutes to make a sandwich?  The whole reason we want to get sandwiches to go is because we are on the go and want something quick.  We still get food at this place but know we have to call an order in 20 minutes ahead of time.
They have tons of staff behind the counter.  They move at a hipster stoner snail pace.  They would do much better to have two people who can multi-task and work their butts off.  Making sandwiches should not take that long.Friendliest staff. 
Most delicious Thanksgiving between two incredibly flavorful slices of whole grain bread sandwich I've ever had. Trust, the Plymouth will change your life. 
Best, and biggest, chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting around. 
Coffee, both hot and iced, is the perfect balance of acidity, flavor, and texture.
My only complaint, the scones. While flavor is always great (though the jalapeno-laden ones could have smaller pieces of pepper), the interior is often... gummy? Maybe the batter is over mixed? Maybe it contains too much liquid? I don't know. But regardless, I will - and have - continue to eat them. A lot.Delicious soups and sandwiches! Not much seating but worth waiting a few minutes for a seat. The roasted red pepper with smoked Gouda soup and Tucson sandwich were delicious! Friendly staff and cozy setting. Glad we stumbled on it after touring Eastern State Penitentiary!after a fairly brutal race on kelly drive, my dude and i stopped here to pick up some food to bring home. first, i'm completely embarrassed that i live in this neighborhood and NEVER KNEW IT EXISTED. i asked the super friendly lady behind the counter how long they had been open and she was like "oh, about two years?" and i was all
: l
i'm usually a mugshots girl (their whoopie pies are out of this world) but. as much as i enjoy them, they can be a little...pricey. so when we saw this place we decided to give 'em a try and i'm so glad we did. there are a few tables outside, and some more seating inside but we were getting it to go so, yeah. 
allow me to inform you of the absolute best cinnamon raisin bagel i have EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. seriously, i have never tasted anything like it. i was crazy hungry from the race and when we got home i unpacked the food and was delighted to find a frisbee sized bagel. then i was...double delighted to discover that it was as delicious as it was big (twss). i still can't describe what made it different from all the other cinnamon raisin bagels i have known and loved but you should just trust me. try one. 
we got a coffee cake muffin to split and that was pretty good, dude got a sausage egg and cheese and enjoyed it as well. we'll definitely be going back.I'm updating this since trying the infamous "RyBread" sandwich with the crabcake and chipotle mayo on a potato roll bun.  Not just great for a sandwich, but great in general.  I'm already wishing I got a second one for lunch tomorrow.  Fantastic.
Anyway, I was too harsh the first time around.  Obviously not every sandwich is gonna be great like this one- there will be hits and misses- but this one knocked it out of the park.  Plus, the San Diego panini is bangin', with roasted red peppers and pesto.
Also, the homemade chocolate cupcake with peanut butter icing was awesome.
I've been here enough in the past week to decide that it's definitely worth a 4 star rating, especially since every cashier I've encountered greets you with a smile.
As for the wait times, I barely waited tonight since it was a Tuesday so I'll remember to avoid this place on a sunny Saturday afternoon if I don't wanna wait forever.Small local café.  Wish their space was slightly larger or with a different layout so that they can accommodate more seating indoors.  It's too cold to be eating outdoors!  I guess they intend for everything to be ordered to-go.  I had the Denver ("chicken salad with walnuts, grapes, greens, served on multi-grain bread"), a good sized sandwich, but it really needed more grapes.  The whole sandwich probably had two grapes so the chicken salad was overall very dry.  My fiancé had the New York ("corn beef with swiss, sauerkraut, russian dressing, served on marble rye") which he really enjoyed.Stopped in for a sandwich on a Sunday morning with a friend. Very busy so we sat at the breakfast bar that overlooks the kitchen. When our paninis came out they were both completely BURNT. It was terrible. Green machine smoothie was ok but not worth $5. Very overpriced for low quality food. Two sandwiches and a smoothie cost $25 and it was only the sandwich, no sides at all. I will not being going back. Very disappointed.Is good, not the best. Live around the corner so it's convenient. I love their egg sandwich with sausage. I ordered a Smoothie  recently wasn't very good.. i think they just added too much ice because it tasted like peanut butter water lol, I felt too bad to return it though.Ridiculously awesome breakfast! The food is amazing, the staff hilarious and warm and the location inviting. Check out the sister restaurant Rybread down the street.Dropped in today at 35 weeks pregnant; my unborn child and I were rewarded with a very delicious Denver (chicken salad, grapes, walnuts, lettuce) and a decent chocolate-peanut-butter cupcake (frosting was great; cake part less of a knockout). Glad to see on the website that they deliver for lunch; I might take advantage of this in a few weeks when leaving the house is too overwhelming. Looking forward to trying more of the sandwich options and introducing husband and the baby to Rybread soon!I loveeeee this place. Not only are their sandwiches and salads delicious and reasonably priced, but they are efficient AND their staff is extremely friendly. Everyone who works there is smiling, happy, and accommodating. This is a great breakfast/lunch spot.Try sitting out back for a quieter squat.  Decent prices. Good sammiches. Many, many sammiches! And I dug the Route 11 chips they served. Not many places have capicola twixt their bread.Stopped at this place before the Philadelphia Museum. Its a cute place with great selections of sandwich, scones, and etc. I'm absolutely in love with their crab cake sandwich with chipotle mayo!! Found my new fav place to go to!!I love Rybread!! They have so many delicious sandwiches, inspired by all different destinations in America. It's one of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch. The sandwiches have awesome interesting combinations of ingredients and flavors. Last time I went I got a ham and cheese sandwich with honey mustard and apples, probably the best ham and cheese I've ever had. My bf got a crab cake sandwich that was so fresh tasting and well seasoned. Best crab cake sandwich in Philly! Rybread is small and cozy, extremely inviting and has a great outdoor patio outback. The staff are so friendly and helpful. They also have awesome muffins and other baked goods. We got a carrot cake muffin that had some of the best icing I had ever tasted. Rybread is at the very top of my list of favorite breakfast/lunch places.Good food, good coffee.  Ordered the New York panini (corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss, russian dressing on marble rye) and it was delicious.  Great for my South American sandwhich & coffee breakfast before hitting the art museum.Had a delicious Santa Monica on multigrain. Menu has a good selection. Many not so common drinking options too.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.This place blew my mind with how great the food is and the variety of options and yet such a small store! 
The people working were smiling even though they were backed up and hecka busy. They still seemed genuinely interested in what we wanted and delivered with class. 
Seriously impressed at this cute and quaint place. 
Oh, and their iced coffee was delicious.I've been here twice and have tried the baked goods, a salad, and the Santa Fe sandwich; all were great.  I hate bread that is over-toasted but here my sandwich was toasted to a perfect thin layer of crispiness. I got a brownie that was in a muffin cup and it had that great crinkly layer on top as well as chocolate chunks.  
The shop is small and cute with outdoor seating.  I wish there was more indoor seating since it's getting colder.This place is definitely my go to coffee spot in Fairmount.  They have good coffee and awesome sandwiches!!! I usually frequent there for breakfast on the weekends.  The bagels are always so fresh....they remind me of great NY bagels.  
My only complaint is that at times there is a wait.  I now usually call ahead so it's ready when I get there.  I would definitely recommend Rybread over Smugshots any day!I am fortunate enough to live half way between Rybread and its sister establishment Rybrew.  Not only is the food consistently excellent, but the owner and staff are friendly and accommodating.  My "go-to" place for a great lunch.Feeling compelled to try Fairmount's new hot spot, Rybread, I was pleasantly surprised and glad to see a good amount of patrons waiting to get their rybread on! Overwhelmed by the chalkboard detailing all of the awesome ingredients they use, I opted for employee suggestions; ham, egg and cheese on rye for me and a multigrain toasted bagel with tomato's and veggie cream cheese for my wife. My theory has always been that employee's know what's best on the menu and if you're trying a new place for the first time, you might as well leave it up to the experts. Fortunately, Ryan Pollock was the expert today and he steered me down the path of enlightenment! What I ordered today wasn't out of the ordinary and I could have probably gotten it at any coffee shop, but these guys know how to make good sandwiches. 
My happiness didn't end there. Rybread is a family-run business and it's obvious that they all care about it's success. With mom waiting on customers, Ryan making sandwiches and his sister stocking the shelves (and grabbing me a Rybread t-shirt), I can't help but believe that this place will be around for a very, very long time. 
For my next visit, I'm going for the Rybread special - crab cake, greens, tomato and chipotle mayo.Amazing sandwich selection!
Also, good iced coffee. 
They have a back patio that provides more seating. :)Like everyone else I was super happy with this place. My boyfriend and I stopped in before going to the Penitentiary and the food was soooooo good. I think just about anything you get here would be fine and you can check into Yelp for a free coffee in the late afternoon. I can see why all the locals stop in for lunch. There is some outdoor seating so we took advantage of that. Also, there are a lot of hipsters that come in given that this is the art district.Maybe they were just in a lull when I wrote my original review. They're back on top of their game!Totally delicious and filling. Great for a meal pre or post art museum!My wife and I went in mid-afternoon on a weekday. Rybread was one of the few places in the neighborhood open in that awkward not-yet-dinner but definitely-after-lunch time of day.
Food: As a vegetarian option, I enjoyed a grilled cheese with pick-my-own ingredients. My wife had one of the club-like sandwiches. It was all okay, but nothing to go out of the way for.
Service and atmosphere: what it looks like. Friendly staff in a cramped awkwardly arranged coffee house-with-sandwiches ambiance.
If that was all, I'd give Rybread 3 stars... 
BUT... they lose a star because they refused to provide tap water. I don't think customers should be charged for water with a meal and I certainly am not going to pay for environmentally unfriendly plastic-bottled water!Great sandwich spot in Fairmount! Affordable and tons of options and everything tastes fresh. As a vegetarian I had tons of options! I'd highly recommend the panini rolls especially the Sante Fe. Or build your own.One good sandwich (the "Hollywood"), one horrible sandwich (buffalo chicken panini) the latter of which turned out to be lunch meat with some buffalo sauce.  Out back patio?  Really, you call it that?  Yuck.  Service?  We said we'd be out on the patio.  20 minutes later we come in to find out where our sandwiches are and they are calling our name -- no service even if they know where you are.
I wouldn't go back.A fabulous Yelp find after apt hunting in the area with the hubby. We were overwhelmed with the amount of options on the menu so decided to go half-sies on a Philadelphia (genoa salami. hot cappi. prosciutto. sharp provolone, greens. tomato. onions. vinaigrette, served on a ciabatta) and a Savannah (oven roasted turkey breast. brie. whole cranberry sauce. mayo, on multi-grain bread).
I thought I was clearly going to win by choosing the Philadelphia in Philly...duh?...but not so much. The Savannah surprised me with it's Thanksgiving dessert self, giving me both salty and sweet, it felt more like a 3 PM snack than a lunch menu item, but I really could not put it down! Especially since it was warm and gooey from being toasted. 
The Philadelphia was everything I had hoped for and MORE! First of all, the thing is pretty big and meaty. This no nonsense sandwich is the stuff mob movies are made of, after one bite, my North Jersey accent was thick and I had a slither of prosciutto hanging from my lip. EY, whatta ya looking at???
We were both really content with lunch having satisfied all aspects of our pallete. We ordered coffees to continue our apartment search and I was thankful for a nice strong brew! Rybread is a fabulous find, with even outside seating!