The Rybread menu + beer = Rybrew. 
I'm a huge fan of Rybread's sandwiches so adding beer to the mix made it even better. I've tried a few of their sandwiches, but my favorite lately has been the San Diego panini. It's filling and I love the combo of chicken, pesto, provolone, and red pepper.The best sandwiches and staff are stunning! They have a huge list of beer. I went to the weekend and it's amazing, everything was fast and high quality. In general, good vibrations and excellent space.cool interior, great beer selection, friendly staff and good sandwiches. soup geniuses.I don't know how, but Rybrew takes a simple BLT and turns it into the best BLT I've ever had. Awesome beer selection and cool atmosphere.Great sandwiches good selection of brews. The staff is really nice overall the place has a friendly easy going atmosphere.Amazing sandwiches and salads, cool well-appointed and creatively-used space, dependably great and diverse beer selection, friendly service, and TERRIBLE live music.  Seriously, I don't want to be cruel since this is my favorite spot in the area, but I have straight up turned around and left because of the band playing.  Four times now I've either left or ordered to go because it was so intolerably bad.
You're doing everything else right, though!Love, love, love. Everything I've tried has been seriously delicious! Highly recommend the napa (grilled w/ prosciutto yum!), the buffalo, and the Hampton salad. Everybody that works there and at Rybread are very friendly which is a huge plus. Definitely give this places try!On a cold day like today, I called to see what the soup of the day was and it was Turkey Gumbo and Turkey meatloaf sandwich.  So I placed my order and boy it was good. I totally massacred the soup and sandwich. Lol. So good. Would highly recommend this combo.This business is awesome. The food is good and the coffee is amazing. They have an original location on Fairmount that does really well. I have been to this location 3 times already. Coffee and peanut butter sandwich, coffee and the rybread sandwich... All very good. Its just a walk for me and I am loving Rybrew on Girard Ave. Good coffee and sandwiches are rare in this area. So happy they opened-up.This is one of our must-stops when we find ourselves on the Brewerytown side of Girard.
This stretch of Girard reminds us of up and coming Fishtown some 10+ years ago- and therefore, we enthusiastically show the restaurants here a little love whenever we're nearby (Art Museum, Whole Foods trip) etc.
Kudos on the fairly priced and quite tasty veg sandwich options (there were a few).
Double Kudos (is that a thing... double kudos? ... It is now). Anyhow we loved the incredible selection of bottled/canned beer. (Eat in or to go I'd imagine) 
When going, take the extra minute to go upstairs, and play a game of mini-shuffle board. You'll need a little exercise to make up for the yummy/ unique bag o'chips you just had to have.RyBrew Sandwiches are fantastic (San Fran is my favorite) and the salads are a good value (I like the Austin).  Lots of good things happening on West Girard and this is one.Great beer selection (very well priced), awesome sandwiches, friendly knowledgeable staff, and local neighborhood owners.  Highly recommend to stop for a quick one and perhaps a game of shuffleboard.Rybrew is a solid sandwich shop, with diverse and creative sandwich/salad options. They are remarkable consistent, I have ordered from here 50 times over the past few years and am yet to have a complaint. 
I gave it 4 stars because the value is a bit off, especially if you grab a few beers out of the case. It gets disproportionately expensive quickly. 
That being said I believe they have become an anchor for Girard to continue to build off of and I am happy they are an option.Kudos to the best eatery in Brewerytown. There's not much competition, but it's nice to have snob-quality beer and slammin' sandwiches within walking distance. Soups are great, too. If you're into sugar, try the muffin-shaped brownies (if they're soft). 
They're a bit slow with the service, so it's best to call ahead and pick up. My personal menu favorites include the Savannah (brie and cranberry sauce, yes), the Hollywood (voted best veggie sandwich around by some hipster mag) and the Pilgrim (turkey meatloaf. Nothing else needs to be said).
Affordable and dependable good food. Done!What can I say? They make killer sandwiches and salads, and then sometimes they add awesome suggestions to make an awesome sandwich even better, and you're like, wha?? How? YUM!!  And then they're always smiling, and friendly, and that also keeps me coming back - every Thursday, for 6 weeks now.  Consistency is hard in this day in age, but they're doing it, and well. Highly recommend.  And I haven't even checked out their cool evening live music events yet. We're lucky this place is in this neck of the woods, where good eats are few and far between.  I don't live in this neighborhood, but if I did, I'd probably be here every day. Kind of like a NW Philly, souped-up version of Breezy's cafe in Point Breeze.I took off a star because this restaurant is one of the new spots on Girard that don't serve people north of it. I live three blocks north from Rybrew. I'm also currently six months pregnant. Rybrew will not deliver to me but will go to the art museum and further. It really irritates me. I would order once a week at least just for the cranberry, turkey, and Brie sandwich. But I'm not waddling my pregnant self over there just because I live a little too far north for snotty gentrifiers. 
It's three blocks!I LOVE Rybrew. It is my favorite place in Brewerytown to grab lunch. There is an incredible selection of beers at really great prices. Also - the sandwiches!!!!! My absolute favorite is the Buffalo- shredded buffalo chicken with gorgonzola or mozzarella ( I personally usually go for just mozz) and it is soo good. I also love the Nashville and the Santa Monica. All of the sandwiches are super fresh and served on your choice of delicious bread. During the day it isn't usually very crowded and has a great low-key vibe. I sometimes will bring in my laptop and get some work done while I eat.Friendly staff! Bangin sandwiches! Nice selection of craft beer as well as the standard 6 or 12 domestic pack. Nice atmosphere and comfortable setting. My favorites are the tucson with tomato, avocado, and bacon, and the rybread (crab cake sandwich).Sandwiches are always made to order. Great food, friendly service and an obvious willingness to make your experience a good one.
The food is great and so are the people.Nice atmosphere, walking distance from home, I got the Tucson which is a panini. Could've been a little less crispy but I appreciated the taste all the same.When I was in 3rd grade I asked my teacher "What happens when Gentrification and Sandwiches collide" she looked at me and placed her hands on my youthful face and said " I have no idea dear, but I'll call you when I have the answer", that was in 1992, on Thursday she called me and said "Rybrew, Rybrew is the answer to your questions, I have seen it, it is glorious, you must go" and then she died on Saturday. You were right Mrs. Smith, this place is awesomeSo excited about this place! We first stopped and had a beer and chips, fantastic service and selection of beers! Second visit included ordering sandwiches and sitting upstairs, what a great spot. Food is on point and again the beer selection is amazingly refreshing. We enjoyed both sandwiches. All I can ask for is a better ventilation system. Thanks for joining the community.After moving to the area, my sister and I were in serious need of a yummy lunch spot. We both have celiac's disease, and Rybrew was incredibly accommodating. Not only do they offer gluten free bread, but they wiped down surfaces and changed gloves too. The gluten free beer and cider options are ample, which is a nice touch. Service has been lovely each time we've gone, and the restaurant itself is well-kept and inviting. I'll certainly be a frequent customer here!Very cute place with good sandwiches. Indoor and outside seating. Check them out. A variety of beer to choose from.My first time experience coming to the Rybrew was a pretty good experience. I walked in and had a good look around the place. Felt more urban than anything else. I wouldn't recommend this  place for children. Not really a family type scene. More of a local 20 - 30 age group. 
The service was pretty good. They were very friendly. They go out of there way to serve yu. Really made an effort to make sure you were satisfied with your meal and time there. 
Now to the food. Rybrew is a place that lives, breath and die with sandwichs. sandwichs are what they do. That is all. And a few salads. The names of the sandwichs are funny and it's kind of hard to choose because half of the description, I have no clue what it is. So it's a gamble. The sandwich I had the Privilege of eating was called "The Charolette". Shockingly amazing. Meat was fresh. Lettuce was fresh, bread was soft and simply delicious! Nothing tasted artificial.  Completely genuine.RyBrew is going to be Brewerytown's "Community Share Agriculture" (CSA) location for fresh vegetable boxes spring thru autumn!Delicious food and great beer selection. I flew in from out of town and love trying new local beers. The staff showed me quite a few different local beers to choose from and I couldn't be happier.Cool and cheap vegan hummus veggie Sammy. Friendly vibe and fast service! Crazy beer selection as well. I'll be back.Rybrew is an awesome rustic sandwich shop in Brewerytown. I never imagined sandwiches, chips, and beer being such an amazing combination. I found my Sunday afternoon spot!
The space is awesome for meetings, but does possess a little of that petit-bourgeois aesthetic that may leave some blue-collar PoC folks scratching their heads, but the workers are very nice and its very laid-back. Nice staff, great service, and great food!Love this place! Having a bottle shop close by is great, but to then have them serve amazingly delicious sandwiches too?! Win win. Also has a great ambiance and very kind service!PROS:
1) Delicious sandwiches.
2) Great beer selection - at great prices. (Make a six-pack!)
3) During my first visit the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.   
4) Shuffleboard upstairs. 
5) Very clean one person bathrooms. 
CONS:
*Edited due to changes*Nice beer selection! Friendly service. Good panini selection. Nice find! Thanks Yelp!Cool little sandwich and beer shop. Great selection of craft bottles for a very reasonable price. Grabbed a Cuban sandwich and was pleasantly satisfied. Good flavor, good bread, pork was a little dry but overall a solid meal. Will definitely go back! Eat it!Kelley made me a buffalo on brioche with gorgonzolla and mozzarella for lunch today and it was fire! One of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. Fresh ingredients, great staff, cool space, and all around good vibes!While I'm not too much of a beer snob, I do enjoy a nice Russian Imperial Stout every now and then. Rybrew not delivers in that regard, but they also stock Narragansett, my go-to cheap beer (and they take credit cards!). The sandwiches are alright, but I'd skip them and order a few of the wonderful soft pretzels with house-made mustard. A great addition to the neighborhood.My favorite local quick place to eat. Love the Buffalo sandwich! Everything tastes amazing!! Also how can you hate a place that has so much beer!Absolutely the best sandwiches in Fairmount/Brewerytown. Their bread is always fresh and the ingredients are quality. My go-to is the grilled Napa with Turkey. Prices are reasonable and the portions are generous. They also have a great beer selection to boot!If I lived in this neighborhood, I'd be here every day.  The beer selection is overwhelming, which is a good thing if you're a beer connoisseur.  I liked how they had all the seasonal beers in their own section.  Looking at all of the pumpkin beer options at once is easier than trying to locate them separately.  
Aside from the generous spiked soda section, they have a plethora of sandwich and panini options.  One sandwich filled me right up and it was tasty and made right on the spot.  
The space actually looks deceiving from the outside, as it's rather large inside.  A back room for sitting/doing work, an upstairs for chilling/eating or you can sit by the front window and watch passersby on Girard Ave.  
Great addition to an area of the city that is still up-and-coming.  I really hope Rybrew is here to stay.Amazing and quaint little place in Philadelphia.  I was introduced to this establishment by a friend that I met for lunch. It's unique inside and very cozy. The specials are interesting and tantalizing. Prices are also very affordable. Food is fresh and made to order. They have all kinds of salads and soup and over 300 types of beer if you're looking for a cold one. They also have a hydration station and vast selection of juice, soda and water. Also had several kinds of homemade desserts. Our food was made fast, the portions were sizable and the taste was exceptional. The wait staff are amazing people!  Super friendly, very accommodating and a pleasure to be around. Truly a great little place in Brew Town.I was in the area and stoped in for soup and a pannini . Great vibe good food. Will swing by again for sure.Great sandwiches, great beer selection, lemonade and chips are always a must.
I usually get the Tucson with bacon and avocado, today got a Cuban, not to brag but I've eaten a lot of Cuban sandwiches it's part of my heritage, this one has too much mustard, it'a practically drowning in it, lay off the mustard guys, it's a pig death sandwich the mustard is supposed to be an accent to the flavor. The pork to ham ratio is fantastic, seriously would be a solid 5/5 if not for the mustard SO MUCH MUSTARDI want to really like this place since it's convenient and has great hours, but the vegetarian panini and sandwich options are seriously blah. I'm not into deli meat so most of the other sandwiches are really unappetizing. I did try the buffalo chicken sandwich once and was surprised that the chicken wasn't fresh but instead had that micro thin deli sliced look. Cheese and veggies are so good together so it would be nice if they had some simple options for people who don't want meat. Until that happens, I probably won't come here.An important establishment on West Girard, Rybrew has made-to-order sandwiches (hot and cold) and a sophisticated, but predictable, bottle list. No rare gems here, but reasonable prices for reasonable expectations. The Nonstop up the street is cheaper for some brands, but doesn't nearly have the variety. Good spot.The Santa Fe is so good is not even funny. If you are a vegan/vegetarian in Philly this is a must try. Also they have soy milk for coffee!!You know how veggie sandwiches can be gross and unsatisfying? Not this one. Great beer selection and friendly staff too.I love Rybrew and so does my extended family - they always insist on going there when they are in town. I have several favorite sandwiches and, this goes without saying, highly enjoy their beverage selection.
Lots of seating as well. Plus, you can play shuffleboard while you wait.
I have little ones who usually share part of my sandwich, but in a couple of years they might want their own. Would be awesome if there was a small $3 sandwich option for kids (something to think about Rybrew).stopped in here after a meeting. this place is great! such a great beer selection and their sandwiches are so damn delicious! 
friends got the philadelphia, san diego, kansas city and hollywood. everybody was happy with their choices and they all looked very yummy. i was torn between the kansas city and charlotte but since my friend got the kansas city, i opted for the charlotte. the kansas city is a bbq pulled pork with coleslaw sandwich. i got a bite off of my friend's and it was really good. not super heavy either which is really odd for a pulled pork sandwich. 
i got the charlotte sandwich which is a turkey sandwich with pickles, red onions and honey mustard...damn! i was NOT disappointed with my decision. so damn delicious! 
the cashier was a little awkward but nice still. next time i'm in brewerytown, i will be making a stop here! also, wanna try rybread in fairmount at some point.Excellent bottled beer selection at very reasonable prices. As for the food, I think I've only had the RyBread (crabcake sandwich), and it is absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked crabcake on a soft roll with condiments. I highly recommend this place for meeting up with a friend to catch up and play some free shuffleboard upstairs!Amazing bottle selection at a good price point, delicious food, and friendly, cool staff. What more can you ask for? 
I don't get to Brewerytown often, but when I do, this place is a MUST!I must say I was quite hesitant to try this place since I have not had great experiences at their sister establishment but I was quite pleasantly surprised.  The service was great and accommodating. They have lots of beer to chose from for carryout or just to go along with your sandwich (very tasty). Even have a little outdoor seating in front where you can watch the trolleys go by.Amazing food. Amazing beer selection. Neat atmosphere. I had a buffalo panini that was on a brioche bun and with gorganzana  (fancy bleu cheese not sure of spelling). This was a very different well prepared buffalo chicken sandwich. I will def come back here.I've never been much of a sandwich eater until Rybrew showed up in my neighborhood! I go quite often (usually about three times each week) for the Napa (grilled) and sometimes Rybread.  I don't really drink alcohol, but they have a large variety of beers for those that do. The service and atmosphere are amazing!  I'm so thankful for this addition to Brewerytown!I really appreciate this place on Girard Ave in Brewerytown. They have a great assortment of take-out beer, tasty sandwiches and most recently a small but fine showcase of reasonably priced draft beers. The staff are kind and helpful.
The only possible thing that can be improved is their ventilation system. Spending any longer than 5 minutes in there has me smelling like fried butter for the next 6 hours.
Ventilation aside, I truly appreciate this establishment!Very cute addition to Brewerytown. I love the idea of a spot to get some work done and enjoy a coffee or beer (not to mention the awesome beer selection they have). Plenty of seating upstairs if you want to be more secluded.Rybrew is one of my favorite sports in Philly and I love how Brewerytown is the neighborhood that gets to have it! Anything you eat will be amazing and satisfy your hungry. The atmosphere is a mix between a coffee shop and bar, as I've seen people come solo and do work, while others gathered around the community table and drank beer. My favorite things to order are the San Diego panini and the house salad with chicken.Cool place. Nice ambience and amazing service. The kids got a good grill cheese and I got some interesting beers to take home.I LOVE this place!  The beer selection is awesome and I haven't had a sandwich yet that wasn't  amazing.  It's such a welcomed change to the typical lunch spot.Cheap and filling sandwiches with an affordable and somewhat impressive selection of bottled brews. How could anyone not give them five stars?Great so glad to have in our neighborhood 
The best sandwiches 
Lots of beer
Fancy gourmet sodas and chips 
Baked goodies for your sweet tooth
Great staff tooGot the first sandwich on the specialty breakfast menu. Odd combination of ingredients but really good. Lots of FlaaAAaaVa. Parking along Girard can be tough at times., it's affordable tooGreat neighborhood sandwich and beer place.   There was a period of time where the service was absolutely horrible and our orders kept getting messed up or the food was not fresh (mostly the salad).  It was to the point my fiance emailed the manager because it was so uncharacteristic of this place.   However, we decided to give it another try and I'm glad we did.
And like everyone else says, the beer selection is awesome. I'm not a beer fan but just an observation.No longer live in the neighborhood, but we were here over Christmas and since Rybread was our go-to before, we had to check out Rybrew!  Cool venue, great beer selection, and same awesome sandwiches as Rybread.  Got to catch up with Ryan while we ate here (for the second time in a week).  The cool semi-circular table in the window used to be a display table when this place was a toyshop.  The other half is upstairs!  The window would be a great place for a band, or open mike night.  This would also be a great place to host an event/party.  Hopefully this place lasts on Girard...it's so great drinking a beer and eating a sandwich in the window and watch the #15 trolley go by.Good sandwiches, nice selection of bottled craft beers, and fair prices. Overall I would give the food and selection 4 stars, but the ambiance brings it down to a 3. I came in wanting to eat inside but the place was so incredibly smoky (open kitchen in the front) and unwelcoming that I ended up just eating in the car.Delicious sandwiches & crazy selection of brews. Match made in heaven. I've eaten twice. Once had the NY panini & then had the special which was a Cuban sandwich panini. That should be on the menu. The sandwiches are large & well-priced. My only criticism is lack of side dishes to go with said sandwich. I don't want chips. They also don't serve u a pickle with it. C'mon. Gotta have a pickle! They have a wide selection of brews with a wide price range. Love it here!60 minute for $2.90. I'm in every time.
Great beer selection. You can't go wrong here for beer.Great atmosphere to grab a drink or food with friends. Sandwiches are made fresh and are delicious and beer selection is great.Awesome spot. Stumbled upon Rybrew while visiting Philly on a snowy weekend.
They had a pretty impressive selection of beers that is sure to have something for even the most discerning critic. Local beers and bottles from across the world were lined up side by side. 
We didn't end up eating anything but the sandwich menu looked like they put the same effort into their food as they do their beer selection.
Decor was cool - new age industrial vibe.
Great options. Great prices. Cool spot. Visit before the secret gets out!Not really impressed by my sandwich.  I don't know, I must be in the minority.  I got the turkey meatloaf sandwich and it wasn't bad... it just wasn't awesome.  It basically tasted like I was eating bread, ketchup, and cheese.  Not bad if you're a vegetarian however, I wanted something a little more meaty.   The service was great and quick.  The space was open and bright. I was on lunch break so there was no way that I could have grabbed a beer, even though I could tell that they had an extensive selection- that's why I'm giving this place an extra star.  Rybrew happens to be right around the corner from my job, and I see that you can call in an order so I will be trying it again.  Maybe I'll try something that doesn't consist of so much bread (since meatloaf is pretty much bread itself).  I'm excited to update my review later.Very good sandwiches, great beer selection.  Except for those who are new to the team, they all seem to have good knowledge about their food and a good many of the brews, to boot!Outstanding sandwiches, service is always great. Not to mention, they have a more than respectable selection of brews. Definitely a great place to grab a bite and a couple beers.Great service and same delicious good as rye bread. There's a good beer selection and they do tastings from time to time. It's a large space with a cool atmosphere. Shuffleboard upstairs!I love rybrew.  Great food, atmosphere, and beer selection.  What more does one need!Such a chill spot with a wide variety of amazing beer selections. There's a cool, quieter spot to hang out in the back, but they also offer a fun spot upstairs to drink beers and play shuffle board. We will definitely be back! We can't say anything about the food because we didn't order this time around, but we have checked out Ryebread in Fairmount and their food never disappoints- great sandwiches! And the service at Ryebrew was super friendly!Bustling brewery town....outside tables...amazing beer selection...beer tastings...live music...fun friendly staff...Reminds me a little of deli venues on Beale Street in Memphis. Yummy food. Good vibes.One of our favorite casual date spots in the area--if only because we're smitten over sandwiches and beer. I haven't had a sandwich I didn't love at Rybrew, though I'd recommend the Philadelphia if you're a traditional hoagie enthusiast. The meat to bread ratio works for me, although it's heavy on the bread.
Beyond the menu, the beers are an obvious highlight. We enjoy sour beers and have recommended a few on their beer wish list hanging on the wall. I can attest that they had stocked some more sours the next time we arrived--coincidental or not.
Lovely staff, cozy spot, great place for a quick bite or a date. A must-try in Brewerytown!They just added a brand new painted name, logo out front.. easy to see.
Great beer selection.  Great sandwiches.. its rybread but better!!
Grab a beer, sandwich, chill upstairs or by the massive table upfront. Very chill, cool spot. Worth your attention! Prices are same or cheaper than FooderyGreat simple sandwiches when you aren't in the mood to cook. My personal favorite is the buffalo, but I've had just about every sandwich on the menu. Just be ready to wait a few minutes, the service is a tad slow...Great little lunch spot.  Awesome selection of craft beers, ciders, and specialty sodas.  All the sandwiches and salads we had were totally on point!They do an excellent job at stocking rarer and hard to find beers. Always something new and delicious in the coolers. The sandwiches and chill atmosphere are great too!In terms of food, features a fantastic assortment of salads and sandwiches. I currently don't have a favorite but I'm trying a different one each time I go. Each time, I'll update this review with my latest reviews.
Rybread: Excellent crab cake and fixings. Just wish I had more each time I finish it.
Denver: If you're looking for a solid chicken salad sandwich, this isn't it. It needs something else, perhaps ketchup?
San Antonio: Pretty solid roast beef sandwich save for the overpowering horseradish flavor.
Kansas City: excellent and juicy pulled-pork sandwich! As a Kansas Citian, I approve whole heartedly. 
Napa: Absolutely delicious combination of mozzarella, pesto, and tomato slices. The balsamic glaze really ties it all together well. ***GET IT GRILLED.
San Fran (Panini): A very salty but tasty sandwich. I would say it needs a thicker slice of mozzarella or more tomato to thicken it.
Plymouth: Excellent stuffing, turkey, cranberry sauce combination on great multigrain bread. It's very dense but exactly what you need if you are craving a classic Thanksgiving sandwich in  July.
---
As for the salads, I've tried the Caesar, Hampton, and Austin. They're all bursting with flavor and large in terms of portions. They'll feed you as a meal alone. I'd recommend adding chicken to your Caesar (if you enjoy that).
Favorite? The Hampton - The roasted tomatoes and pesto make it for me!