Really happy these guys came to the neighborhood. Good, solid Indian food, made fresh, and for a reasonable price. A new local business I hope sticks around!This restaurant has amazing authentic Indian food. I ordered on Grubhub, and now I look forward to eating there in person.Horrific customer service. Took over 2.5 hours for delivery. Rude and unapologetic. Couldn't find our order and did nothing for service recovery. Will NEVER eat from here again - and there are way better Indian places around. Stay far far away.Best Indian food in south philly. We had the Chana masala, chicken tikka masala and garlic naan bread. Food showed up hit and delivery was quick. Will definitely be ordering again!We both love sub-continental cuisine so having an Indian restaurant near us was exciting. But that quickly waned with the complicated ordering process (two phone calls). Then the food arrived with the thinnest and weakest mulligatawny soup I've ever tried. The goat biryani had more bones than meat and was weakly seasoned. The jal farezi was the best of the order, but still extremely thin sauce and just meh. Back to University City we travel.This restaurant has amazing authentic Indian food. I ordered on Grubhub, and now I look forward to eating there again .Nice to have good Indian by home. My husband, the vegan, has loved all his entrees. The meat ones are a touch more hit or miss, but not so much it'll stop me from ordering. Side note: I've only ordered take out.You have no idea how long I've been looking for a great Indian take out place. I've ordered from them a couple times and each time the food is warm and delicious. Delivery is quick and friendly. The naan and curries are my go-to. Rice always comes with the dishes and it's a great accompaniment to the entries, second to the naan (my favorite is the regular but they have an amazing variety like garlic and onion). Would I order from them again? Absolutely.Delicious food prepared right. We ordered through their own website instead of Yelp or phone. They delivered further than I thought they might (1.5 miles) and were on time. We got 3 kinds of naan, it's 1 huge/thick piece of naan per order. Rice came with both main dishes. We got veggie dishes and they were tasty! Definitely will be ordering from here again.Horrible.  Called to complain that I was disappointed in my order and the person on the other end YELLED at me.We walked there on a Friday night to grab our take out order. The staff was timely and considerate. The food was delish!! You know you did it right when even the white rice is delectable :) yum x 10Best Indian food I've ever had! Can't imagine how some people just write bad reviews to sabotage Excellent restaurants. Shame. This will always be my #1 to go spot no doubt. Excellent food with perfect amount of flavor.Delivery was delicious and very fast.  The food arrived really hot and was a big portion.  We really enjoyed and are so happy to have good Indian food in the south philly delivery zone.First time ordering from this place and very impressed! We got chicken tikka and chicken curry and both were so tasty! Asked for mild so my son and wife wouldn't spit it out and it was still very tasty. Food was ready for pickup in 15 mins. Please stick around Tandoor South, will definitely order again!The food here is fantastic!! Note for others, the food can be spicy so try the mild version so you can work your way up or down. I like mine mild or not spicy but regardless, the food here was amazing. This is a take out place and I ordered food from here on multiple occassions. The mixed grill and chicken tikka masala was a hit!I was so happy with my food tonight from Saffron Patch. It was my husband's first time having Indian food EVER so I stayed safe and ordered some basics- garlic naan, veggie samosas, and butter chicken. Didn't know what to expect for level of spicy on the butter chicken, so again stayed safe and ordered the medium spice. It was really good but now we know we could definitely handle the "spicy" or maybe even "extra spicy". He loved everything and I can't wait to order from here again!Spicy means really spicy! Delicious and fresh. Good portion sizes. Highly recommend the tasty Kabuli Naan! Great for late night take outAbsolutely amazing!!! I ordered through GrubHub and the delivery came so fast, and Hosen was so friendly - and then the food was outstanding on top of the wonderful experience! Best Indian food in the city and warm, welcoming customer service. The most honest 5 stars I ever gave.Lets begin with the guy who took the order over the phone. That guy doesn't even know how to talk to customers. He was so rude. I called him to know how long is it going to take, he became mad and started yelling. I asked that fellow why are you mad? He hung up. His brother delivered the food and i confronted him. He said that was his brother and do whatever you want to do. 
So i am writing this to let everyone know this is highly inappropriate.Couldn't be more impressed with this food. Papadum and naan out of this world for starters. The building blocks of a good meal. Everything is fresh and homemade and made with care. Delicious can't go wrongWow, I was really surprised. I got a chicken wrap and the bread was handmade looked like it was cooked on an open flame and it was huge! Fresh ingredients, it was a lot of food, but I didn't feel heavy. Very friendly family run, there weren't any other customers when I walked in, but they were busy cooking. Don't let the outside fool you, in fact that's the only odd thing, this is homemade restaurant quality food in a rundown takeout location.My partner and I decided to eat from Saffron Patch from Grubhub right before they closed for the night. We had never heard of this place before but we were craving Indian food! We ordered their Butter Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala both of which were good. The portions for the amount we paid for, however were not worth it because the portions were small for a relatively expensive dinner. Overall Saffron Patch was a tasty choice for late night Indian food but was not worth what we paid for.Wish I could review this based on the food but I can't. I can only review this based on the fact that we placed on order on here through Uber eats, it was confirmed by the restaurant, then an hour and a half later the Uber driver called to say the place was closed...we ordered during their operating hours and it was confirmed. Bad business practice.Amazing. I rave to friends about the quick service, flavor of food as well as the quality of the meal. Restaurant employees are kind and genial. Food comes super hot and well made.The chicken was stale and the tandoori tasted real bad! I can tell you that the meat (chicken) used in these dishes are definitely old. The butter chicken was also below average. I will NEVER be ordering from them again.Great food, prompt service. 
As a person who grew up in India, I must say the food at this take out joint is a gem in South Philly, The chicken wings is flavorful and different than other traditional wings. Big plate, good to share with someone. Naan is also freshly made, delicious. Definitely order againI love Saffron Patch! I lived in India for a short while and I have to say they might have the best Northern Indian food in Philly. My go-to favorite is the Chat Papri, its a great light accompaniment to the heavier saucy dishes. Their naan is so fresh, and the Aloo Parantha is another favorite (I used to eat it for breakfast in India).  All the food is so freshly prepared, you really can't go wrong here.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the grilled meats, but everything else is delicious!Had the fried cauliflower, chicken tikka, and garlic naan. All really fantastic.  Came with two sides of rice.  Delivery was ahead of schedule. Will definitely be my go to Indian delivery from now on.This was our first time trying this place, and we chose it based on Yelp reviews and its rating in DoorDash. Well, Saffron Patch will be our new go-to Indian place for takeout & delivery. We got the vegetarian appetizer sampler, the paneer tikka masala, the chicken korma, the cheese naan (couldn't resist), and two mango lassis. Everything was delicious and fresh. The veggie pakora, the samosa, and the paneer pakora were spicy but not too spicy, flavorful, light, and perfectly fried - not greasy. The cheese naan was excellent - soft, flavorful, fresh (not dry), and nice & warm. The paneer and the chicken were both fantastic. The seasonings were splendid, and the flavor was spicy with just a hint of sweet. A perfect mix of Indian spices. Delicious. I got three meals out of mine! The mango lassis were thick and soooooo good! What a treat! Possibly the best mango lassi I've ever had. We're so happy to have found this great Indian place that delivers in South Philly. And btw, the DoorDash delivery was FAST and the delivery person was wonderful. Honestly, a great experience, and much appreciated during the COVID-19 situation.I ordered delivery 01/04/20.Food was good. Portions was big. Only negative think was the delivery guy.He was murmuring when we were talking on the phone to give him directions. He did not respond when I thanked him and just left.If you don't like your job just quit. It could give be 4-5stars but...Wow my impression based on one Grubhub order but the worst Indian food I have had in a while. Chicken wings were offensively sweet and gloppy not what I expected. Remainder of food was mediocre in the extreme. Maybe a bad day, your call. Nothing wrong with packing though presentation pretty sorry-looking too.Absolutely delicious! I had the vegetable Korma and garlic naan and would highly recommend it. I cannot wait to order again! So good - try this place!!!!They call themselves "authentic" Indian ?? Lol. That's like calling Popeyes authentic Cajun cuisine. Ordered two chicken biryanis . I was served two plates of rice with random spices and two small nugget sized pieces of chicken . I grew up near Jersey City, NJ, and know what real biryani is. It's supposed to be cooked in the oven in a clay pot, not stirfried like lo-mein.This is the best Indian food in Philly, not just south Philly but the entire city of Philadelphia. Ive eaten at upscale Indian restaurants such as Veda, karma and Indeblue and this little hole in the wall beats them cause of the authenticity of the dishes. I just went to a North Indian restaurant in Edison (essentially part of India) and all I could think about is how much better Saffron's chicken tikka is compared to their's. I order it medium spicy and it has the PERFECT kick to it.
     I am also shocked how amazing their naan (bread) is as well. When I order Indian takeout I'm prepared to get lesser quality naan compared to those upscale restaurants I've discussed, however this is not the case for Saffron at all. Their laccha paratha is so flakey and so perfect every time I want to cry. This place is the definition of a gem and l really hate to see 1 star reviews complaining about their delivery or order experience. This is in my top 3 of best Indian food I have ever tried and man I have dined at an insane amount of Indian restaurants.The BEST Indian food ever. Definitely coming back when we are in town. #AMAZING
Your fan from California 
Giomara (Mexican) + Han (Viet)I ordered the chicken tikki massala and garlic naan. The food was absolutely delicious and authentic. The chicken tikki massala was more oily than I'd like, but my coworkers couldn't stop raving about the food. I'll definitely try this place again!What the F?
I ordered the vegetable assortment and it came with about 8 peices of fried what tasted like chickpeas...this is a vegetable assortment??
I also ordered the meat assortment. Alot of the items here tasted dry with no dipping sauces. Not that cheap either.
Dessert - Ras Malai - Sweete ned cottage cheese balls dipped in creamy sauce.$4.99 This dessert is extremely small in portion sauce. It wasnt bad but cmon guys satisify the customer at dessert time just in case you fail at meal time its not that most more money to give a little more dessert with the bill of entire meal paid at order time is it????
I got the bread basket as well at $8.99 but feel like I made a grave error as the other breads are much cheaper and do not recommend spending this much on naan bread.
This spot may have some good items like the baby eggplant with sesame sauce I kinda wish I got instead but I will not be back.
As always people SYOY!!!Best Indian food in Philadelphia! Lamb biryani is very good and their naan is so softGot delivery
Arrived before time quoted which was a plus
It was a cold night in philly and didn't want to leave hotel
Palak paneer was fantastic 
Chili cheese naan bread terrific
Lamb meat samosa however I did not like
All in all 4/5 stars
Would order again or go in personThis is my first time eating at this particular Indian spot. I have a regular place but they were closed today and I really needed some Indian food. The service was friendly and my food was ready on time. Everything was packaged well. However I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was nothing like how it normally is when I order it anywhere else. The chicken was grilled with onions and peppers without any sauce in sight. I went back into the menu and saw that they have 2 chicken tikka masala on the menu I ordered the first one I saw which is under sizzling grill. But the description of the second one under chicken specialty's wasn't much different. I will say the flavor wasn't bad but simply wasn't what I was expecting. I also ordered the chana saag, which is a first for me but h wanted something different and I wasn't all that impressed with this either. The flavor was ok. Overall this isn't a terrible place but I will stick with my regular place from now on.Good place-Malai Kofta and sheekh kabab had great flavor, the kabab was dry as if it had been sitting under a warmer for the day. Worth trying and possibly trying again but has not earned a place in the daily or monthly rotation.Indian food delivery is always a tossup. Portion sizes, quality, and delivery time are all crucial for a tasty dinner. Trying Saffron Patch, celebrated with 3 close friends and figured it would come in like an hour, since we got tons of food. I feel like only 35 minutes passed and the food was at the lobby, pipping hot. The speed and delivery was great! 
The favorites were the butter chicken, palak paneer, and the super flavorful rice. Somehow creamy but light, a great combo of spices in each dish and each unique. Lamb roganjosh was super spiced the goat curry was tasty, with not much meat, filled with some bones which took up space in the bowl. 
The naan was advertised as stuffed, but there wasn't really anything inside, and the meat "combo" appetizer came with 2 chunks of chicken, a thigh, and a samosa, which I feel was overpriced. 
I feel like eating in, you'd have an amazing experience, but eating out, portions are smaller and you really have to be CRAVING it to want to pay the prices. I hope they continue growing their delivery service and keep satisfying their customers- it looks like they have a huge base of supporters- I really did enjoy the food!I was looking for some good quick eats and boom found Saffron Patch! If you are looking for authentic iIndian cuisine look no further. This place has it going on! 
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala to go but ended up eating inside. The food came out fast and hottttt! This place is relatively new in the area but man but once people find out about them they won't be empty for long. I wished I lived in south Philly because I would come here all the time.
Be bless1. Papri chat: Granted, this was delivered and I didn't ask for the sauce to be on the side so I can take the blame for the sogginess.  But overall, this dish looked like they dumped a half can of chickpeas with the chickpea liquid into an aluminum container.  There were a few slices of tomato and I think 2 small pieces of potato and that was it. The "sauce" was not sauce.  It was seriously liquid from a chickpea can. This entire dish got fed to my garbage disposal. It was so disgusting. 
2. Gobi manchurian: So salty I couldn't even taste anything. It did give me a stomachache though. 
3. Samosa: Imagine a baguette wrapped around mashed potatoes. That's what this samosa was like. Disgusting
4. Lamb biryani: Dry lamb. Dry rice. The raita on the side was runny like white water. 
Prediction: This place will be out of business by the end of the year.Nothing that blows me away here: but it's good ol' reliable westernized Indian food, and it's a few blocks from my house. 
One good thing? The portions are enormous: it's usually enough for dinner and breakfast the next morning. Shipping is pretty quick, and all the containers are reusable (big plus in my book). 
To be truthful, I wouldn't venture outside of my neighborhood to go to this spot - but since it's so close, I'll keep going back.This place never disappoints. We live only a few blocks away and It's great to have this gem in our 'hood. 
Their food is delicious. We are vegan and explained that to the employees. They were very quick to accommodate us. 
I highly recommend this place!This spot has quickly become our favorite Indian restaurant in south philly! We live on the same street (lucky us) and we've ordered everything from your basic chicken tikka masala to vegetable samosas, chicken 65(my fave), palak paneer (vegetarian), naan( butter,garlic , or galic&cheese). The list goes on those are just a few favorites , they also sell their own rice pudding and lassi drinks (mango is a must) and other soft drinks  (sodas,teas,water). Lastly order ahead on the phone for 10% discount!Wow their food did not disappoint! I got the malai kofta, lamb curry, garlic naan. The food was hot, flavorful, and delicious. Will order again for sure.This gets a solid three stars for me. I've tried it twice now and both times I have enjoyed the flavors of the food (although I would bet they use sugar in the masala) but the chicken is hd a bit of a strange texture for me. Not to say don't get it but this is pretty average takeout food and nothing more special than that.I'm no expert on Indian food, but I do know that I really, really enjoyed my meal. Got veggie samosas and chana saag - very flavorful and tasty, both were piping hot, and the portions were so huge that I'm still eating leftovers 3 days later. 
Call your order in and get a 15% discount.This was my second time ordering Saffron Patch. This time, I got to try the chicken vindaloo, a lamb spiced yogurt dish called Lamb Dopiaza. Also got to try the Mulligatawny soup abd the spiced garlic naan. The vindaloo was absolutely the most flavored, spicy indian dish I've received. On the border of too spicy, but it was so tasty. The chicken in it was good quality too. The lamb, though, was mild, still well spiced, and so tender. Still love the rice from here, and the naan they give is a huge piece (it could be split between two people if you want). 
All in all, a pretty good amount and an awesome level of flavor from this place!Ok. So, I'm a little disappointed in this place. I read through each of the menu items carefully as I am vegan. I wanted to make sure that nothing that I wanted had dairy. When I called to place my order for pickup, I asked the gentleman who answered the phone if anything that I was ordering contained dairy as I was vegan. He told me no. When I got home and started to chow down, I noticed that the rice had a certain taste to it. I could clearly taste butter. I called them back and asked if they put butter in their rice and they told me yes. Now, when I asked him the first time when I was placing my order if any of the entrees that I was ordering has dairy, he could have informed me about the rice containing butter. Do better, SP. If the curry lentils weren't so delicious, this would have been a 1 star rating.Best Indian food I have had in Philly. Ordered chicken tikka masala and veggie samosas.Love Saffron Patch! Delicious food, especially the Lamb Saag and Indian buffalo wings. Always arrives hot and on time.Saffron Patch has been my go to for Indian in Point Breeze because its so close to my house. The food is pretty good and it's delivered very quickly, generally much quicker than they estimate. You also get a slight discount if you order directly from them over the phone. 
I've never actually gone to the location, but they've always been great when ordering takeout over the phone. It's an excellent spot for a quick, affordable, and very filling dinner in the neighborhood.Loyal customer since March!! My partner and I order delivery in date nights and we never fail to get samosas, chicken tikka masala, lamb biryani, aloo gobi, and naan. The flavors are so good, you probably would expect it to be a homemade meal, not restaurant food. They give such great portion sizes, although the samosas got smaller over the last year. They're insanely fast for delivery!It's great that there's a new Indian restaurant in this neighborhood....but my first visit did not terribly impress. Hopefully they are just getting their act together. Some confusion at the register and with ordering and the takeaway was not great. Not bad but not great - I will wait a few weeks and give it another try and update.I love Indian food and this one of very few places that was a disappointment.  Indian is supposed to be tasty and spicy and I could not believe how bland their meal was.  And the employees working there were not wearing masks nor gloves in May 2020!This hole in the wall restaurant located in South Philly is soooo good. 
I have passed them many times, but yesterday decided to finally give them a try. I called in my order. The owner was very pleasant and told me that it would be ready in 20 minutes. 
I took my time walking down and you could smell the garlic a mile away coming from this restaurant. 
The meat samosas were huge. You get 2 per order and they were a meal in themselves. The mint dipping sauce was very tasty and not overly minty. 
I then had the chicken makni and it was amazing. Enough food for at least 2 meals. Garlic naan smelled so good and just enough crisp to it. 
I highly recommend this place for great authentic Indian food. 
Will definitely return.Soooo delicious. Was eager to try a good Indian restaurant in South Philly, and this one doesn't disappoint. Ordered the chicken tikka marsala, lamb curry, garlic naan, and gulab and it was all insanely amazing. Beware, I ordered the food mild and it was still a bit spicy, even by my standards. Delivery was pretty prompt too. I think I just found my new go to!Dude .....Dude...... Get ANYTHING on the menu. You can't go wrong. I've eaten about 76% of the menu items. Love em allI see no reason other than to give a five star here! 
But it's noteworthy this was a quarantine grub hub dinner so we didn't actually visit the Patch! 
Our food was delivered HOT and way faster than the grub hub app anticipated. It was packaged very well, rice separated, Raita and Mango Chutney separated! 
We ordered Lamb Vindaloo and Butter Chicken! 
The Lamb Vindaloo was AUTHENTIC. There were even pieces of cardamom leaves (careful not to bite into one-  wow it's flavorful). Normally I'm a wimp with spice but my date let me try hers and it was pleasantly spicy! Not too much but there was certainly a KICK. Of course the Raita (the yogurt sauce) was a great addition. 
The Butter Chicken was delicious! The pieces of chicken were tender- you could cut them with a fork! And the rice was perfect. Paired with the Raita & Mango Chutney- this was certainly worthy of five stars. 
Looking forward to visiting the restaurant after after this quarantine!The food is also delivered quickly, extremely hot, and so delicious! We've ordered from them twice in a week and have been satisfied each time. Highly recommended!Folks. Wow. Tandoor is amazing! Wanna know how I'm not just a person who works there and is posting a review to boost itself? HEY TANDOOR WHAT ARE YOU THINKING MAKING YOUR INTERIOR LOOK LIKE A CHEAP TAKEOUT RESTAURANT?!?!?! I would not only bring a bottle for BYOB, but I'm willing to bring chairs and a table to get your food as fast as possible. Not only is this the best Indian food I've ever had, but it's easily one of the top 5 food spots for me in all of Philadelphia. 
If you ever walked by the place and then checked the menu prices your gonna be like "the heck are you doing charging these prices", because you think it's grub hub fast food. NOPE!!! This food is amazing.
Here's what we got: (and the picks will show we already ate some. We were hungry. Deal with it) this is in order of the photos Chicken Saag, Gobi Manchurian and Lamb Boti Kebab. Although not advertised each entree comes with jasmine rice FYI. The entrees were amazing. The meats were marinated and well tenderized. They were NOT just broiled meat and then swimming in sauce. The Gobi Manchurian was so amazing. I know fried cauliflower is such an outdone thing at restaurants, but these folks do it amazingly. It's crispy and melts in your mouth.
I will be going here again, but again, HEY TANDOOR LET ME INSIDE YOU TO EAT IN. The Fab 5 guys need to hit up your interior.I had this yesterday for dinner and had to come on Yelp to rave about the Chicken 65. My go-to Indian dish is always something along the lines of Tikka Masala or Butter Chicken so I was feeling adventurous. It's so delicious! The flavors were so complex with the different spices yet delicious. You got sweet, spicy and salty all in one go. The ginger kicks it over the edge. I also had the Chicken Coconut and Aloo Paratha which was delicious.After a very disappointing experience at a different Indian restaurant, I'm so happy to have found Saffron Patch! While I normally don't like to dine out, I've been making more of a conscious effort to do so in support of local businesses. That being said, I gave Saffron Patch a try via delivery and it will now be my go-to for whenever I am craving Indian food! Food arrived well packaged and hot. What I ordered were the chicken tikka masala and some vegetable samosas. I asked for the chicken tikka masala to be medium spicy and somehow they got it perfect! I hate it when I ask places for spicy and don't get anything near that. Anyways, next time I will give some of their other menu items a try. If you're in the mood, give them a try - I recommend it.Ordered paneer Tikka masala and paneer kahdai and both were zero out of 10. Texture was way off. Zero flavor. Zero spice. Both tasted exactly the same and we couldn't tell which was which. Sad that this is sold as indian food. If you can't make it right just take it off the menu. It's insulting to Indians. Try better or just make your menu smaller based on what you can make good. Avoid this place if you like real indian food. Would give Zero stars but not an option on yelp.