I love the decor, the cleanliness and the friendly staff. I want to love this place-I really, really do BUT they don't have enough veg/vegan options. All of the salads are pre-made and come with meat on them. When I ask for a fresh salad w/o meat they do it but then I'm left with no protein. I wish they offered tofu/seitan or something. They should also invest veggie burgers!I LOVE this place. The vibe is great, couch are comfy, and staff is sweet. I came one last semester to grab some coffee, but this semester have spent a good deal of my funds on this place. All of their smoothies are amazing and are my go to, so I can't say much about the food but my friend has gotten their Grilled Cheese on a Croissant and loved it. The only negative comment I will make is one day I saw there was a curly-haired African American girl intimidating/belittling/ making smart comments to the tiny white girl ringing people up. She was being rude right in front of a line of customers and loud to the point where I was on the couch with headphones and had to turn around and look. Really unprofessional, I understand if the girl made a mistake by not putting the name on the persons cup but seriously pull it back. (Also want to notate this is an unbiased review not race related as well as I am African American myself). But other than that, both the tiny white girl, and the AA woman have been great in all other experiences.So I actually wandered in here on accident-I had planned to grab an Einstein coffee before getting on the train, but the line looked long enough to make me miss my train. So anyway I'd walked by this place a few times waiting for the train and figured why not give it a try. Was well worth it! One of the best coffees I've had in a long time! They actually were out of iced coffee, so they gave me an iced latte at no extra charge! Super nice people, super good coffee. I'll definitely be stopping there on my way to the train all the time now!Literally none of the food is good here. Coffee is watered down and has no flavor (I got it black, think of how unflavored it would taste with creamer), burgers were dry and very thin both times I got it here, drinks are all over priced (2.25 for a seltzer, no regular cheap drinks in sight). Burger bun looks great coming out of the press but was extremely hard to chew. 
One star for ambience though, the place is pretty cozy. 
This location is the best possible for a breakfast and dinner stop for people coming off the train, so they have no excuse to have such terrible food. I really thought they'd put some effort in.I am very disappointed with the food I received. The grilled chicken panini didn't taste like real chicken and the bread was extremely mushy. The service was terrible.  I waited 30 minutes for my sandwich and it was wrong. I also ordered a latte that tasted just like an iced coffee. Do not eat here if you want a fulfilling meal.Great alternative to the big chain stores. Open and welcoming. It's student run too! Just had a Diet Coke this time. Friendly staff.Stopped in for lunch today ended up spending $14.00 on lunch  only had a Chicken Chipotle panini a small turkey chili and a Dr Pepper. The Panini was very tasty!A group of us went to Saige for the first time yesterday. I enjoyed the atmosphere, the decor, and that fact that there was actually room to sit at peak Temple lunch time. I had a smoothie, and the quinoa salad that is pre-made. The quinoa is delicious, definitely something I would get again and again. The menu is very extensive (almost too much so!) It took some time for all of us to get the orders--- a number of those in my group got paninis, so if you are on time crunch, I would recommend calling ahead. All workers there were very nice! The only downside was we all noticed we smelled like fried food after leaving!? Weird...? I would love to see a table outside where we can eat outside on nice days. Overall, super excited this is now on campus !When I went to Saige cafe I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly staff and delicious food. I highly enjoyed my crumb cake and my wonderful chai made my cold Saturday better. I was highly impressed with how well the two girls working handled the busy place with grace and efficiency. I will definitely be back.Obsessed already! Large menu with lots of options all made to order! I was blown away at the variety. They offer breakfast and lunch options featuring bagels and other bakery items. They also have a very large selection of coffee and smoothie drinks. I ordered a Turkey and Mozzarella panini and it was great! Very tasty and fresh.
The ambiance of the cafe is what got me as soon as i walked in. The decor is beautiful and modern. Very friendly and welcoming space. A nice place to relax and enjoy coffee and lunch. The employees were kind and offered suggestions.
Prices are slightly higher than most of the other food spots on campus, but it is right on par for the quality of food being served. I had no problem with the price considering it was made in front of my eyes and you can tell the ingredients are fresh. I have yet to find that anywhere else on/close to campus. 
I was also told that they will be doing open mic and other music events! Will definitely be my new go-to coffee/lunch spot on campus. They even offer a 10% discount for Temple students and employees! Love it!They are new, so they are still working out the kinks. I think they have good ingredients but aren't sure how to put them together well. I like the chai latte with almond milk, and the vegan burgers are good. They are on my commute, so I'm gonna experiment with what foods are their specialities.  It's not egg salad.Please know that my review is based on the service I received this morning an not the food. I've been meaning to check this place out for a while being as though I work on campus. I hardly ever get breakfast on campus I usually bring my own. So today was really a special trip, leaving my workstation to walk over to the Saige café. I walk in  and the place is gorgeous. Thinking to myself  I could do lunch here sometimes also. Taken by all of the options  that were around me I ended up buying breakfast and lunch to go. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and butter a coffee and one of their Strawberry Fields salad's to go. I'm picky about my coffee so I asked if they had any flavoring. The young lady read them off to me and I told her I would like the hazelnut flavor. So as I'm making my coffee adding my cream and sugar I taste it, and it left a nasty taste in my mouth. So I took it back to the counter an asked for another one a plain one, and the guy at the register said what's wrong with it? I said it's nasty. He said it's what you asked for! I said I know but I wasn't aware it had artificial sweetener in the flavoring. He kept going on an on back an forth with me. He told me that was my personal opinion, an it said yes it is an I'm entitled to have one. Just a bunch of unnecessary rude behavior towards me, as if he was paying for it.  So I give him my gift card an he tells me I have to know the exact amount on the gift card. I said I just checked it before I came and it's 10.20 on there, which my order was more so I knew I had to add some additional money. He says it's not working. I've never had anyone tell me I needed to know the exact amount, when usually you just swipe the card and pay the difference in cash if more is needed. So because he didn't know what he was doing I had to use my debit card. Thank goodness I had options an another way of paying. He made it his business to yell to me to have a nice day, an his coworker just looked at him..like stop it! She was great, but he definitely needs some customer service lessons. Not sure if I will be back or at least not while he's there...I was initially drawn to  Saige cafe because of the cool atmosphere and it's variety in menu options, and have given it several tries since its grand opening. While there are many menu options, I found that the food was rather bland, and coffee options left something to be desired. The smoothies are not made from real fruit, and were very artificial tasting, and loaded with sugar. On top of the lack of quality I found with the food and drinks, the man who seems to be the manager is unfriendly and has been rude on nearly each encounter I've  had with him. 
While I rather enjoyed the bright, trendy environment at Saige, it will unfortunately not be enough to bring me back as a customer.My first experience with Saige was good. I had a large pick up and the cashier was friendly and patient. The food is good, they have a large selection to choose from. Their smoothies are decent, no artificial colors or flavors. However the second time the cashier was not as friendly, and forgotten my friend had paid for her food and attempted to charge her twice. Was not crowded so confused how she had forgotten, but everyone has their days.They are open till 10 and claim to serve food until 8pm yet I wanted to order a sandwich at 7:50 and they refused because "the grill was cooling". If that's the policy then correct me if I am wrong but shouldn't you serve food until 8? I will not be coming back and it's a shame because the food is good. The customer service though, as evident from other reviews, leaves much to be desired. Hopefully management takes notice and fixes the issue soon.Terrible. Ordered a buffalo chicken salad and a coffee drink, and received chicken with salsa on it and the wrong drink. Absolutely terrible, don't waste your money hereI really enjoy Saige and always spend my time here between classes. Bagels are great, dark roast coffee is delicious. Almond milk lattes are awesome for an afternoon pick-me-up. The space is beautiful and spacious with rustic décor. They have plenty of seating even when it's busy breakfast or lunch hours. The staff is very friendly and always greets you with a smile. Only issue I have is the slight overpricing of food and drinks. However, I'd much rather pay $2 for a good cup of Saige coffee than $1 for 7-11 trash. It doesn't hurt to support local business either!I used to be a barista a long time ago, and I developed a penchant for expertly made lattes. I have had a few at Saige that weren't expertly made, but I have to say that Daniel, the manager, bends over backwards to ensure that his customers are pleased with whatever product they serve at Saige. He's re-made drinks for me personally and scores a 5 for effort and service, absolutely. The best part is that now when I walk in the door, he knows my name and makes sure that I have a latte I will be really pleased by. As it is one of the few indulgences I afford myself once or twice a week, I am immensely appreciative. Thanks, Daniel.They don't use actual fruit for their smoothies. It's ridiculous. Temple should have higher standards. It's the only option place if you must grab something to eat or drink quick before getting on the train. I actually assumed they used real fruit until I read on here they don't.Cool atmosphere, the food and drinks are fine, but unfortunately the service is really terrible. I decided to write this review while waiting to place an order for almost 10 minutes -- when I was the only one in line. Several employees saw me waiting without acknowledging me at all. Finally, the person cooking the paninis kindly abandoned her station to serve me, even though she was clearly swamped. I'd like to say that this was a one-off experience but sadly the staff here has been consistently off point and, on occasion, really rude. I'll be back because it's close to the train station, but only when I literally have no time for anywhere else.the customer service was excellent and that the Chicken Panini was delicious! I will def come back next time i visit Philly. Its hard to find great customer service in the city.I'm seriously obsessed with this place. As a Vegetarian it gives me a ton of options to choose from. Everyones nice, it's clean, there are comfy seats etc. I can't give it five stars because they're always playing the worst possible music ever. No one wants to hear Adele over and over. There's a reason almost everyone wears headphones. Also their prepackaged food is soooo overpriced. They charge like $14 for a salad that is 90% lettuce. 
Definitely go. Check it out. Wear headphones. Don't order the prepackaged food.Service was terrible. Food was poorly prepared. Upon arriving I was told that they would not accept any custom orders. A lot of ingredients on the menu were out of stock or unavailable The staff was arguing. A waste of time and money. I will not be returning to the Saige Cafe.My favorite place around the temple area for breakfast. Loved their breakfast sandwich 'The Boss' and loved it even more when they let me add sausage to it. I got a coconut ice coffee, and a coconut iced latte, both delicious. You can order on your phone with their app and it'll be 15% for the first time, totally worth. Decently priced, and i personally liked the customer service i received there. Not sure what everyone is talking about but the workers were chill, laid back, and helpful, Love the Spanish guy that works there. Loved the atmosphere and their comfy chairs!  Definitely a 10/10 place for me.The boiled eggs were overpriced. I was hungry but ended up eating eggs that were very tangy. Not fresh at all. Almost an acidic taste to them. Yuck.Extremely slow- Coffee a little bitter. It doesn't take more than 5 minutes to ring a cup of coffee. When that's followed up by an immature response from someone else sitting around, you're better off getting coffee from a truck. Slow service is poor service; none deserves an excuse such as "she's going as fast as she can".Food isn't great and super expensive. Cool atmosphere/decorations and lots of options for coffee tea and smoothies but not much for food. Options for meals aren't great, take forever, small portions, and really expensive.this place is sooo underrated and most people dont know about it. Its so delicious and has such a cool vibe. Everyone needs to come!!!Atmosphere is really relaxing and clean. Food and drinks are good but overpriced, but I suppose as a commuter you're paying for the convenient location next to the train station. 
There is one younger employee in particular who has been at the register each time I have stopped in, and she is shockingly unpleasant and rude to the point that I try to avoid this cafe if possible.I've worked on Temple University campus for 15 years and its changed a great deal in that time. There are stores and restaurants on campus and nearby but so many of them are poorly run amd have bad customer service and atmosphere.  
The Saige Cafe had only been opened a week and I've been there 5 times already -walking past the Starbucks in my buildings lobby, then a row of food places- in two minutes I'm in Saige with its cool, funky vibe, its just as good as Starbucks coffee plus wonderful baked goods, a juice bar, burgerd, salads sandwiches, etc.
The brand new staff are super nice and are augmented by folks who must be from the cafe's other location in Jersey. I love this place and know I'll be haunting it alot.
I hear they may do live music and karaoke after 5pm . That's great for the students, but us staff want some lunchtime music too.
If the owners want to open a 3rd location in my hometown of Lansdowne, PA, I'd haunt that one too.I enjoy finding different coffee shops around the city, so I thought giving this place a shot would be a good idea. I was greeted by a friendly barista and had my order taken promptly. The issue is how slow they are getting an order ready. There are about 4-5 people behind the counter, but it takes over 10 minutes for a bagel with cream cheese. I have been to coffee shops with one person who puts out food out quickly. Coffee and bagel were decent, but the wait time is just frustrating.I'd give this place a big fat zero. Food takes forever to make and the bathrooms are gross.What a great find! I am doing field work at Temple University for a class I am taking and, apparently, despite working on a master's degree, I am unable to read and interpret a regional rail schedule. Womp, womp. 
Missed train + 15 degree weather + one hour wait time = one upset Shannon. I thought I might just meander over to the Broad Street line when I saw this place lit up as the sun started to set. I walked in and WOW. 
Great menu -- huge menu, actually, with some awesome choices. I wanted something hot and was immediately drawn to their paninis, in particular the grilled cheese panini. I ordered that a cup of hot coffee to drink while I waited. I was a little not happy paying more than $8 for these two items, but whatever. 
The sandwich was AWESOME. OMG worth it. Totally worth it. The bread was so good and the cheese all nice and gooey. There were some pickle slices thrown in to the container. 
Service -- awesome. Aside from their menu, they also offer baked goods like muffins and scones and pre-packaged items like chips and other snacks. 
I am looking forward to returning and trying their soup and some other hot items. 
The atmosphere here is really cool, too. Very welcoming yet not homey -- very contemporary in design. The service was really quite excellent as well. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and thanked as I was leaving.Atmosphere was fine. Kind of like Cosi.
ALL the salads have chicken on them. And they are all premade.
The big giant waving sign out front says JUICE BAR. The chalkboard menu inside says JUICE BAR. I ordered a JUICE and got a smoothie (ie: blended with ice, not made in a juicer). It tasted very sweet- like something from Dunkin Donuts. The sign said ALL NATURAL so I assume there was no sugar in it, but when I ordered it they asked if I wanted whipped cream so there you go. Who would drink whipped cream on a juice?
After I ate my lunch I approached the manager and asked him why the menu said juice when they were selling smoothies. He said, "They have juice in them." I said, "But they're not juice, they're smoothies, can you change the sign to say smoothies?" He said, "I'm sorry, no." I scowled and walked back to my table to my lunch partner. The manager walked past me briskly and said, "I'm sorry for the miscommunication." I would call it a misdirection.Saige Cafe is 5 stars for this type of restaurant- mostly breakfast and lunch food. I'm drawn here for the atmosphere. It's SUPER clean (difficult to find in north philadelphia) but still comfortable and welcoming. There's a great selection of tea; I haven't tried the coffee. The food is also pretty good. I had a turkey Reuben, which I would order again. The menu has a large selection of salads, soups, sandwiches, paninis, and breakfast sandwiches.
The customer service is also good - you can tell it's a brand new restaurant and production isn't optimal yet (I'm writing this review on 2-26-15) but everyone is super nice and in an atmosphere like this, I don't think most people mind waiting a few minutes (there are couches and comfortable chairs to sit on).Just ordered from this place on GH.  They didn't have any of the deserts on the menu that we ordered. The burgers seemed thin and frozen and the bacon was microwaved.  This was the worst experience I've had in this area as far as quality and taste.Officially my new Go-To cafe on Temple Universities campus. Great coffee, great food, and a fantastic vibe. One of the owners even came up to my girlfriend and I asking us how everything was and was very personal and friendly. Refreshing new place that everyone should try.What a nice place. It's a very cozy little cafe, with thought-provoking art on the walls. The coffee was good-- I actually visited in October and the pumpkin latte was good. I come here with friends sometimes. Cool cafe.ALWAYS smoky in this place. What's with that? The panini grill is out of control! With poor ventilation you get an unpleasantly smoky environment. Decor is lovely, but the staff isn't. When you have a staff that's under the bull whip of an unpleasant manager, they're going to behave incompetently. No employee will perform well when the manager is a MICRO-manager. Oh, and clearly none of them know how to pour shots. Since when is double shot served in a styrofoam cup? I asked for a double "for here." Yes they have a lot of food, but nothing organic, except a few cold teas in the fridge. Typical AMERICAN "cafe" with oversized pastries for the Typical American. Temple, thank god I'm graduating this May, so I don't see further disappointment on campus.The location is great.  It has free wi-fi, though I didn't try it out.  The interior is nicely appointed and it's very clean.  The food is all right, though not great, and certainly not as good as it should have been for the price.  (If Panera opened across the street they would drive this place out of business in no time flat.)
The worst thing about it, though, as others have said, is the service.  If it has improved, as someone said about a month ago, I shudder to think what it must have been like.  For a weekend lunchtime, there were two people, total-- one making the food and the other operating the register.  I asked about a pastrami special, as the menu said to ask about made-to-order sandwiches and salads, and was informed that they had no pastrami.  I asked about fries and was told they'd take 45 minutes to make.  I ordered a panini and it took a looong time to make; there were four order tickets lined up in front of the food preparer.Some of the people that work there are really nice, however the past two times they've toasted my bagel when I specifically asked for them to not do that. The cashier was very nice to me and had even written on the ticket twice not to toast my bagel, but when confronted by who I'm assuming was her boss, the boss told her she should have written to put the cream cheese on the side instead. She then threw me a bagel with nothing on it and angrily stomped away. They have good bagels so it's a shame, but I'm never going back. It would have been so simple to just apologize and give me my bagel with cream cheese or to have followed the instructions on the ticket instead of blindly making things. I paid for a bagel with cream cheese and that's not what I got. Therefore I'm pissed. Sorry Saige but I'm really just not in the mood to ever go back to your crappy little poorly owned 'cafe'.Way over-priced and today unfriendly. Strange menu where some items they will not make ("They are in the case, if not, we don't have it") but they are not marked as such on the menu... A hummus wrap at $9 is diminutive (photo) , 20 Oz water at $2.45 and a tiny peanut butter bar at $4. Unfriendly but not usually so. Avoid Wednesdays at lunch!The food is good but the larger guy who appears to be the manager is extremely rude to his employees and is short with customers. He doesn't smile and isn't pleasant. He's borderline aggressive. It seemed that there was a new employee and he basically looks over his shoulder every second of the transaction which made me uncomfortable.
If you aren't ok with your employees learning on the fly, provide more training or create an atmosphere where they feel supported and can ask questions. They'll learn faster and pass that experience on to your customers. Just because you know everything as a manager doesn't mean to you need to belittle your employees.
Outside of that, the place has a nice atmosphere and good food.The food here's delicious, but some advice: Don't come here if you're in a hurry, and bring your own coffee mug. I've been here three times, and I'm likely not coming back for a fourth. One time they just completely forgot about my order (had to go and remind them I existed) and the other two times it's taken at least 20 minutes to get my food, even when it's not busy ("food" being a bagel and cream cheese... like, come on). Also, the coffee lids do NOT fit the cups they use, which seems like a minor thing, but not when you're trying to walk to class and can't stop it leaking all over you and burning your hand. Again, the food's good, but at what cost???I found this place during my last week as a student at Temple, which is extremely unfortunate because it rocks, and I would have enjoyed it so much in my undergraduate career but alas... 
They have a really extensive menu, cool atmosphere, and friendly service. I hope people check it out, especially since the location is so great! A really good addition to Temple's campus.Just here for coffee and a snack, can't speak about the food prep issues. People were nice, no complaints about the service. Atmosphere is nice, a mix of couches and tables, though a 90s powerpop soundtrack is not my personal fave. The baked goods are standard, a step above cafeteria style, pretty sweet and bland. I was worried b/c the person at the counter kept offering stuff to add to my coffee - a shot of espresso, some flavoring.. Maybe they are encouraged to get people to order up, but since I like black coffee it made me wonder if the coffee tastes good if you don't load it up with sugar and flavorings. And yeah, coffee is not great. Not burned, but definitely kinda weak. Still, it's usually not crowded and the coffee is better than the coffee at the student center.Pastries are not fresh, food is overpriced. Many better options nearby.I just waited 15 minutes for a bagel, and when I asked about it they acted so annoyed and didn't acknowledge the fact that they forgot to make my bagel. But I got the bagel eventually I guess so, could be worse.The first time I ordered with saige cafe, the food was incredible even the frozen iced coffee was one of the best. My friend who I ordered with even agreed it was one of the best iced frozen coffees we've both had. So we obviously had to order from here again, but this time it wasn't as good. I tried again and same thing. I don't know if it's different employees making the drinks and food differently but this place has a lot of potential and good food just wish it was always like the first time we had ordered.I had the veggie burger. The patty was thin and there's more fillers than the veggies. The ciabatta bread was warm. I think it's a little bit pricey.
There are a lot of vegan goodies including CBD cookiesAwful service and food! Very long wait. Everyone who works there is confused and disorganised. I will say however that the cafe has an attractive appearance but this will not bring me back. My tea was cold by the time it reached my lips. My sandwich, a simple egg and cheese on bagel, took forever to make and had a slab of cold cheese on it with the smallest egg I've ever seen. Disappointing and a waste of time.The food is pretty rad. Customer service is good. Employee competency is quite low. I cant count the number of times my orders been messed up. Ill order two sandwiches and get one, ill order an egg and cheese and get one with sausage on it, ill order an everything bagel and get a cheddar one, ill order a black coffee and get a cup half full...the list goes on. If you ask they will change it but it takes like 10 minutes to get food so at a certain point youre late for class. I like this place and recommend it but be warned you might not get what you asked forSuch a great, cute little spot with a really nice menu. Picked up an iced latte on our super-hot July 4th and it was delicious and the staff were totally charming. I'd recommend stopping in - tasty drinks and relaxing ambiance.I can only recommend the drinks, breakfast items, and the pastries/snacks they have over the counter. The actual food is just not worth the money. Super overpriced for what you're getting, especially the food on the right of the counter as you walk in. I think they don't list prices anymore on the packaging for those in a hurry because the train station is right across from it. I got some kind of mozzarella chicken sandwich and a bag of chips one day and it totaled around $12. If you're in a hurry, just get a snack there as I feel like they're trying to rip you out of your money with their ready-made foods.This was my "avocado toast". Seriously? Also got the egg white and turkey bacon wrap...was soggy and bland. Coffee was the only thing palatable. Would never order again. If I could give zero stars I would. Cant believe I spent money on this.Would not recommend. Been here twice. The first time they completely forgot my drink, and the second they almost did until they came out with something I didnt order. They fixed it, but this happening twice a week apart seems like a pattern to me. The employee taking my order had no idea what I was ordering (a chai tea) even though it was right above him on the menu. "Can I have a chai tea?" "I think we have iced tea..." 
Only saving grace was the good breakfast sandwiches and the proximity to the train station. There are so many better places to get coffee at around campus (Saxbys, Starbucks), though, so definitely skip this.Ordered a bacon egg and cheese with extra bacon on white TOAST, and a medium hot chocolate and received this. No hot chocolate in sight. Went back up to the cashier with the attitude and she didn't ring in my hot chocolate that I ordered which made no sense. Did not offer to ring it in or offer it in anyway. 
The food is terrible along with the service.Well for starters the place is Disgusting ive seen mouse dropping and roaches at this place and i wont be returning i wish i could give them a zero star not even to mention the employees are so rude and argumentative its not invitingDelicious breakfast and coffee! Always my go to for breakfast delivery! 
Iced latte with whipped cream is the most delicious coffee drink I have ever had
Sausage egg and cheese on jalapeño cheddar bagel is always good!What a great addition to Temples campus. Fresh bites with everything from already made salads to make your own sandwiches. Iced coffee and smoothies with soy/almond options available. Hope this new business stays great as it growsEmployees were nice, but food was subpar. I ordered a lavender soy latte, which was decent for a latte made with syrup that's not homemade. However, my bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on a sesame bagel was pretty disappointing. The bagel was burnt, and the bacon is somehow extremely dry and absolutely flavorless. Usually bacon is the first thing you taste in a bacon, egg, and cheese, but all I taste is the burnt bagel. Pretty disappointing... should have just traveled a little further to go to my usual coffee place in Philly.
Also, not the best place to do work if loud music bothers you. There's music playing that I can't even block out with my AirPods.I've been waiting for a while to write this review, and after several months of being a Saige Cafe regular, I think I feel comfortable enough to write an accurate, all-encompassing review.
Let me start by saying that I have heard a lot of complaints about this place, on Yelp, and in-person. I understand that in the beginning they had some major, major service issues. No, it's definitely not OK to order food, pay for it, and then be completely forgotten about. However, I think those sorts of issues are few and far between now that they've had a chance to work out some of the kinks from being newly opened.
I come here often for their smoothies and lattes, which are delicious and reasonably priced, especially when you consider the only other place in the area to get a latte is Starbucks or Saxby's, where you're going to pay more money for the same thing anyway.
They have a wide variety of breakfast pastries as well as bagels and croissants. I've gotten a hot breakfast here a few times and the food always comes out quickly and how I ordered it.
The ambiance of the place is great - big windows, lots of seating. It's got a kind of hipster vibe to it, but it works. 
Overall I am satisfied with my experiences at Saige. I've never had a bad meal or a bad drink, and the staff has always been nice to me.Came here almost everyday for the last 1+ years and they never even bothered to remember my name even though I chatted with them every time. Came in the other day to get a salad, and it was like it had been frozen the night before- the cucumbers were  disintegrating and gelatinous and the salad itself was in a bath of water at the bottom. Also misunderstood a woman telling me to use the men's room instead of the women's because she had to  clean it or soemthing and when the men's room was being used and I had to go I popped in the women's room to use the bathroom real quick, and hear her yellling at me.. Will not be returning to a place that yells at me for using the restroom and not caring to befriend customers.This place has a really nice atmosphere- comfy sofas, bicycle stools, etc. I got a grilled cheese with avocado once and it was really good. I'm not a fan of their coffee at all- couldn't even drink it honestly and some of their snack items are grossly overpriced- it's $3.99 for like 15 grapes. But it's a really nice option for commuters!Good food, lots of options, taking a star off because it took awhile for our food to come out and they forgot about my friend's drink and tried to cover it up like they didn't forgetUpdated 1/20/2016 
I decided to check this out since its on my way to campus from the rail station. They have a large selection of sandwich-type foods and of course coffee.
Atmosphere and service has improved significantly since my original review five months ago. I feel like the business has settled into its identity with a good understanding of the typical clientele they serve. Customer service is as good or better than the main competitor, Saxby's on the other side of campus. 
I can't speak to the food other than the bagels. People tend to like theirs darker apparently but having it lightly toasted brings a bit of twist to the typical coffee shop fare.
One star docked because the regular coffee taste is inconsistent and sometimes quite bitter. Get the dark roast.the coffee was nasty. the absolute worst thing i have ever tasted idk what it was but it was really odd. a big waste of $4Every time I visit I'm welcomed by friendly staff and the cold brew coffee is excellent! Great atmosphere and Danny the general manager is super friendly!Overpriced food that takes 20 minutes for a bagel with cream cheese... or should I say lack there-of. Even ordering extra cream cheese will warrant less than a table spoon, why am I being charged $4-$5 for this?! Also don't order lattes/espresso drinks here. They put all of the syrup at the bottom and don't even attempt to mix it.The owner seems to be doing SO much better. Kudos! Still docking one star for the suuuuper bitter coffee, though.Well for starters the place is Disgusting ive seen mouse dropping and roaches at this place and i wont be returning i wish i could give them a zero star not even to mention the employees are so rude and argumentative its not invitingThe staff is incredibly rude when the owner is not there. They got my order wrong but was unapologetic when they gave me the new one.Saige has great food, but the owner may get in the way of this place being the success that it could be. Nearly every time I'm there, he's publicly berating employees for minor messes or things that are *impossible* to keep an eye on when you're tending to customers. Like straightening chairs as soon as people are done using them. Straightening chairs. What? Aren't baristas supposed to be focused on the customers and their orders? 
Customer service goes by the wayside when you have a micromanager like that, and creating constant tension for employees is a really great way to get a high turnover rate. Nobody wants to work for a place with a steady revolving door of workers.
If this guy could chill out, I think Saige will stick around for a very long time. Besides - it's in a prime location as one of the only coffee/food places on the walk to and from the train station.I used to love paying for their overpriced food and drinks because they were so delicious. Today, it was nearly empty and they got my smoothie made right away, but after 25 my panini still wasn't ready and I had to be in class in five minutes. I told one of the employees this and he was like "oh our panini maker was broken but we fixed it" Like okay you could have told me that and I would have ordered something else. So another guy comes up to me and was like "I'll refund your order", thinking they would give me my sandwich for free which I thought was really nice. Turns out he just refunded my order. I ended up standing there for 10 more minutes thinking they were still making my sandwich. The one guy comes back to me and says "are you waiting for something else?" and I was like "No...I still need my sandwich." He goes "Oh we refunded it because we thought you didn't want it anymore. Did I say that? I literally never said that. So I was like "okay...bye."  Not coming back here again.Great little coffee shop that is very convenient for Temple students. Good place to study or meet friends but they close rather early. Nice selection of pastries/salads/sandwiches. The peanut butter frosted brownies are AMAZING! Staff is always friendly and helpful.Cashier is so nice! Loved her. I enjoyed my sesame bagel with cream cheese although I wish there was more cream cheese on it. I've gotten a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel here before and also enjoyed that! 
My sister loves their iced coffee as well. It's a good, convenient spot for Temple students however I feel like it is on the pricier sideI love it here.
I went here on a whim one day when the train was running late. Someone had mentioned Saige and I was hesitant to check it out.
I'm thankful I did.
I can enjoy and appreciate the environment and it's so close to the train station.
It's a had a very laid back atmosphere which can be very rewarding after class.
It's newer and I feel I will be considered a regular very soon.