The Saloon quickly became one of my favorite restaurants during our visit. There are so many things the restaurant does right to take care of their customers.
First, they have free valet parking (just make sure to tip the valet). In this area that's key and it shows the restaurant really thinks about their customers. Second, they have a coat check person who is readily available. She's not a host/hostess who can check your coat. It's a nice addition to have during the evening. Every person we ran into was kind and polite. Our server knew the menu inside/out and was patient when my father was 20 minutes late to dinner after being stuck in traffic. We ordered a bottle of wine and she kept it off the table. She poured it every time we were low. It was an impressive attention to detail. Lastly, our reservation for three got a large round table enough to fit 5 which was really nice. I'll always appreciate extra space and not have to keep finding places for our dishes on drinks on the table. When a restaurant can give a party an larger than normal table (without it being awkwardly big), I'll always appreciate it.
The food itself is very good. We ordered the calamari and peas which was very good. The calamari isn't breaded and the sauce was so good that I ended up eating two more pieces of bread just to dip it into the sauce. 
My father got the filet moda, which he enjoyed. I had a bite and it was very good. Cooked well but not the best either of us have had. 
I got the braciole which was fantastic. It's basically a stuffed medallion with spinach, pancetta and parmesan cheese. 
My fiancee got the linguine pescatore, which is a seafood pasta. This might have been my favorite thing out of the entrees. It was very good.
The desserts were also out of this world. They're all made in house and both items we got might have actually been the best part of the meal.
Overall, a very impressive night. It wasn't the best meal I've ever had but the food quality plus the service takes it over the top. With a bottle of wine, an appetizer, three entrees, two desserts and tips for coat check and valet, the total came out to be about $100 per person.. $300 total. It was worth every penny (as long as you walk in knowing what to expect and ready to splurge). This was part of my Christmas present to my dad so I was fully prepared to spend big.The layout of this place is really interesting. Lots of different spaces that create an intimate surrounding. My husband and I shared 2 different appetizer specials. We had a spinach salad rolled with Prosciutto that was very tasty. We also shared an appetizer platter with 2 different kinds of clams, grilled shrimp  and stuffed poblano peppers. I had the pepper and found the veal stuffing just as I would like. My husband enjoyed 2 different kinds of stuffed clams and we decided to bring the rest home to make sure we were hungry for our main course. I had Bronzino with crab meat topped with a light wine sauce. I must admit this was the best Bronzino I ever had. Very fresh and the delicate flavors of the fish came through. My husband had the lobster dish off the menu served similarly to my fish. He ate very bite, which for him is unusual. 
Our wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable, especially our waitress Hannah. Do make sure you ask for the prices of the specials before you order so there are no surprises when the check comes. We thought our appetizer platter to be a bit over priced.   
We will definitely return as the food was great and the parking was free and convenient, a rarity in the city.Went there for a group family dinner on Christmas Eve.  The food and service was excellent.  Food was yummy but a bit pricey.  The decor is like an old saloon from back in the day.  Classic and very clean!  Consistent good food...we had angel hair pasta with artichokes, garlic and crab meat....YUMMY!!!!!Ill be honest... I wasnt expecting it to be more than a stuffy whatever spot and I rolled up to the bar upstairs last night to have a drink with a real estate client/friend... Patti the bar tender was very nice.  She has been there since 1992!  Slammin!  Many of the people who work there have been for a loooonng time. The bar was small but fun!  NIce people up there... we didnt eat, and I know the food is to die for, but we did enjoy some wine and cheese.  I spent about 20 minutes rubber necking the stuff on the wall and the exposed brick interior that isnt polished and cleaned up like one would normally encounter.  Very nice... good pregame spot or mingle with the patrons.  Good times.On a recent trip to Philadelphia, we ate at an old established restaurant south of center city, The Saloon.  Never disappointed.  Great friendly bar, and excellent service and food.  The veal chop is a favorite.We walked in and were made to feel welcome immediately as we sat at the bar. The owner gave us a complete history and let us your around. There's a bar upstairs and fireplace, everything was beautiful and a lot of super cool antiques, but done in a classic way. Our party had oysters and calamari and said I was amazing. The menu is pricey but I can't wait to go back next time I want fancy superior dining, this will be my choice. They also have free valet parking.We live in the neighborhood, so we had to try this joint out.  I had read that it is a favorite of the Veep when he rolls into town to visit.
The ambiance: it has an old-school charm that begins with the maitre' d.  He was a delight and got us settled into a nice table.  The interior design accents transport you to an old-school dining room at a members-only golf establishment.
The drink: started with an Old-fashioned.  Solid.
The apps: picked the Clams Casino and Fried Oysters.  Excellent.
The main dish: did the dry-aged NY Strip with mushroom sauce and mashed potatoes, the wifey did the veal also with some sort of mushroom sauce.  Didn't blow us away.
All in all, a great experience.  Certainly feels like a place the Mainline crowd dines when they are in Center City, but for the price, it was just ok for us.This family-owned and operated South Philly favorite has been attracting wise guys and goodfellas, macho young men looking to impress an overly-coiffed date, business diners, and locals looking for a special night out for the past forty years. With its wood paneling, wall sconces, oil paintings, antiques, and Tiffany lamps, it probably looks much like it did when it opened four decades ago - and a couple of bartenders look like they're part of the original fixtures, too. You can peruse the long menu and list of daily specials while savoring the pesto tapenade, Parmesan, and olive oil delivered with the bread. While the kitchen favors the standard Italian classics and old standbys - such as lightly breaded veal slices with sweet and hot peppers, thick veal chops stuffed with spinach and cheese, and hearty bowls of homemade linguine with seafood - they also include some contemporary touches like sauteed radicchio with shiitake mushrooms on the side. They're known for their huge herbed and marinated steaks, so prime sirloin steak, filets mignon, and a 26-ounce porterhouse are popular choices. An individual pot of perfect tiramisu or a banana Napolean makes the perfect dessert. Even when the place is crowded, the servers make you feel like you can linger as long as you like. How good is this place? During one three-night stay, I ate here twice, and I've returned several times since.Celebrating the wife's birthday, 4 of us made Saturday night reservations at the Saloon. 
This establishment is 50 some years going strong!  Tucked away in South Philly (my old stomping grounds) just looking at the decor of this place you know your in for a good meal. 
Jen, was our server. She was fantastic!  My inlaws personally requested her (she's a favorite) and really knows her stuff. Very attentive and rambled off the specials making them sound even more yummy. 
Apps:  crabmeat/lobster/ricotta cheese filled pastry, pea and Italian wedding soup, crab and tomato salad. 
Entree:  I had the sea scallops and crabmeat, the wife had Filet Monde as well as my FIL. the MIL has a chicken dish. 
Perfect meal. Everything cooked just right and delish. 
Yes it's pricey, but we'll prepared, good food is!!The petite filet was excellent and the mashed potatoes were buttered to perfection. I sampled a bit of pasta and it was quite flavorful without having too much sauce. The dessert was good but not as memorable as the rest of the meal.Our group of 6 went for dinner on a December Saturday evening. We loved it. The convenient free parking got things off to a great start. We had a cocktail at the classic downstairs bar while our group arrived. And, we were seated upstairs near the low-key, excellent band. 
The ambience is classic, old style Philly. Our server was fun and happy to banter with our table. Appetizers and entrees were all terrific - especially the veal dishes. The Italian and American themed wine list offered a good range of choices to complement our meal. 
We will definitely be back.This place is a hidden gem!  Or maybe it's not hidden, but its been around for so long that people don't talk about it anymore?  Either way, none of my foodie friends have ever spoken of this place so I figured it wasn't very good.  My boyfriend picked where we were going for dinner, and when he saw that this place had 4.5 stars on Open Table I was like "OK.  Fine.  Whatever, let's do it."
First off, this place has free valet parking, so immediately I was like "10 points for Gryffindor", maybe this place isn't so bad after all!
We walk in, and the decor is BEAUTIFUL!  Very antique-inspired turn-of-the-century type furnishings with lots of Tiffany lamps and old cherry wood furnishings.  
We had a great server who was very knowledgable of the menu and guided us through an amazing meal.  For our appetizers we got the sampler with two clams casino, two clams Pavorotti, two grilled shrimp, and two stuffed poblano peppers.  Everything was delicious except for the grilled shrimp which tasted rubbery and freezer burned.  The shining star by a landslide was the grilled langostino, which came in their shell, split, and char-grilled in a lemony olive oil sauce.  I don't normally eat meat at all, so I've never had langostino before, but I was completely blown away with how tasty they were and how well they had been cooked.  For dinner I got the scallops served in a cognac cream sauce, which were on special that night, and they were DELICIOUS.  
I just highly recommend this place.  The prices are relatively high, but I really feel like they deliver on the quality of food they promise.  I definitely prefer this place over the tourist traps like Ralph's!What a lovely restaurant! The live jazz, the food and overall ambiance were just our style and my fiancé and I already can't wait to return! The spinach salad is a delicious work of art; highly recommend it! 
The only negative was that we were seated next to the loudest, most obnoxious party of 6, who were so boisterous and inconsiderate, it actually infringed on my personal experience of the restaurant. Even our waitress was visibly annoyed as she attempted to shout the specials over their cackling and shrieking. It was pretty empty so I don't think it would've been unreasonable for them to move us but I also won't hold it against them.Always great love the food . Atmosphere is nice as well all the people there are wonderful. Worth trying food is consistent, never had a bad experience there and I've been there several timesCame here with a buddy for a birthday dinner.  Started off with delicious calimari and sipped a few Manhattans.  The waitress went over the special's, everything sounded great but in the end I went with a ginormous porterhouse.  Fan-freakin-tastic.  The night was capped off with a delicious chocolate-peanut butter dessert portioned much larger than most restaurants; it also helped the cute waitress sang happy birthday to me.  
Decor, ambiance and staff exude class.  This is the kind of place Tony, Sil and Paulie would visit if they came to Philly.This was a very enjoyable dining experience. Highly recommend this place.Average at best. Way overpriced. Tourist trap for sure. You can get twice the meal at half the price ANYWHERE else in south Philly.  Definitely will NOT go back.  Disappointed to say the least.Porterhouse steak, perfectly done. Service was top notch. Decor and ambience cant be matched. Philly's best kept secret!Classic old school italian resturant in South Philly.  Pricey but awesome food. Great seafood options and fresh pasta. Solid service. I also like the vibe of the room.  Valet parking is pretty sweet for this area as it can be extremely difficult to find parking around here.Redemption...  I've been a patron for over 25 years here and had always rated 5 stars with the exception of the past few years.  On two visits, while the food was excellent, the service was at best mediocre and a bit lack luster.  Part of the appeal was always the service and in fact I felt let down and not cared for.  
Last night a good friend and I decided to try the Saloon again and while I always try to keep an open mind I went in with a bit of trepidation.  I don't know what changes were made but I can say that on all levels everything was perfect from the food to the caring and genuine service.  I only wish I could recall my servers name.  The busboy was also very attentive and genuinely friendly throughout the dinner.  One thing I observed from where I was seated was that all the staff worked together to ensure all the tables were looked after and for the first time in a long time there was a great atmosphere in the room and in the bar. On the food side I was comforted and impressed by the always perfect langoustine and the Osso Buco special with the house made fettucini!!  Only one comment on the wine list.... maybe a few more Italian Whites
I'm sincerely looking forward to my next visit.One of the better places in downtown.
Everything we had was good to great. It's pricey , but their veal was super tender, the steak was as better than a few of the "steakhouses" downtown. App's were great as was the Tiramisu and other desserts. I don't rave about many places, but loved Saloon.
Only reason I didn't go to 5 stars was the portion size. They have a lot close by so parking, which can be a pain in the Italian Market area, is not a problem.
Lively bar scene.We arrived too early after our son's graduation ceremony at Temple ended early (yes, a graduation that ended early!). The restaurant wasn't even open yet but they welcomed our group and got a bartender to serve us even though they were still setting up. Our comfort was their main concern throughout the evening. Every single person treated us exceptionally well and was very attentive (including the busboy who noticed any time we needed anything). Our waitress was professional, well versed in the menu and food preparations but also fun and jocular; she made us feel so at home and like long lost friends. And, of course, the food. We eat out a lot but live over an hour outside the city and we love to try new restaurants so hadn't been back in 4 years. There was something wonderful for each of the palates at our table and my son, an excellent cook and foodie himself, was wowed by what he had worried was going to be a staid, rest on your laurels, throwback. He quickly saw that staying power in this city has everything to do with high quality preparation, innovation, presentation and service. The Saloon deserves to continue as an honored dining tradition and we will return before too long.
P.S. The next door parking was a huge plus for an aunt with arthritic knees who refuses special treatment.A Philadelphia classic. I've never had a bad meal. The service and the food have stayed excellent in the 25 years we have been visiting.Went here with 2 friends on a recent Saturday. Very happy we were able to get a reservation last minute. Sorry to say that the food really was not up to the expectations I had from past experience, with the exception of a mixed appetizer platter we started with which was good - clams casino, shrimp, stuffed Poblano. For entrees, I had the Fettuccine Lobster Amatriciana - sauce was served already mixed through the pasta and overwhelmed the homemade fettuccine. It also had a sweet taste to the sauce which I didn't like. My friend got the Veal Mondelaise, and it was not at all tender or particularly appetizing. Other friend got a scallops special which she liked, but it turned out to be $40 (5 scallops and no sides). The side of asparagus we ordered separately had about 10 thin stalks of asparagus on it. Maybe it was too late on a busy Saturday night, but was a disappointment, especially considering the prices of the food.Building is old and beautiful. We ate upstairs. Service was wonderful. Food was delicious. We had lobster far diablo, veal chop, angel hair with crab and halibut. Dessert was yummy: a mini coconut cake to die for.
Definitely will go back.One of the best meals I've had in a long time! The stuffed poblano peppers are ridiculous, the Caesar salad dressing is fresh, the pasta is homemade, and the desserts are so freakin' good, I actually used the word "freakin'" in a review. Add all that to an awesome bar and an owner who is a True Gentleman, and it's an easy-going, no fuss, run-don't-walk, choice for dinner!OMG what a find!!! Service was impeccable!!! Food - Amazing!!! I had the Branzino... Wow!!! Highly recommend!!!!! Local place with great atmosphere!!!!!Classic Italian food in a historical building. Food and service were excellent. Wine list is less robust than I would have liked.Not really my scene so I wasn't really THAT excited about it.  Definitely old school, definitely expensive, definitely quality ingredients, definitely excellent service.  I kept getting a bloody nose so maybe that's why I was cranky, but our friends seemed to really love it.  I probably won't go back because while very well prepared, the food was reeeeeeally boring to me and $26 for a bowl of pasta with veggies is a little ridiculous.The Saloon was a total surprise. Just moved into the new place in the neighborhood and was looking for a place to get a drink and relax. I was so wrong thinking this is just a neighborhood old man's bar. Deco is old fashion, lots of wood and tiles. Bar tender Frankie is very friendly but not in an intrusive way. We had some wine, split the app for two and the octopus salad. Let me tell you, it was outrageously good. The grill octopus was so tender it melt in your mouth. The app for two had two had lots of items on it,  but the most outstanding item on the app was the grilled langassino (sp?) And above all, the pesto they serve with the bread was so good I can just sit there and have that and bread and wine all night long. Wonder if they sell the pesto by itself. I can do a lot with it.Definitely one of my regular weekly restaurants I visited at least 2-5 times a week whether for drinks or lunch and dinner in one day. I was a regular there Frankie the bartender and Tommy the host know me. Love the overall vibe from the staff with their friendly attentive service and great tasting food. If I'm ever back home in South Philly again or visiting Philly again (live in Las Vegas now) I will pick up my old routine of going there regularly again,Great food, great service and absolutely beautiful and nostalgic atmosphere.  Can't recommend this place enough. Definitely a gem in Philadelphia.Amazing pasta dishes, excellent Veal Chops, and a great atmosphere unlike anything in the city. The only drawback is it is one of the more expensive restaurants in the city.A million stars for Saloon!  I dined there for the first time for my husband's birthday and we were there with another couple.  Our primary reason for going was to listen to the Hot Club of Philadelphia gypsy jazz band which was performing.  When I made our reservation online I requested a seat near the music if possible, and we could not have had a more perfect table.  My husband, who adores the band, was absolutely thrilled!  The band was awesome, and their volume (we were sitting right next to them) wasn't too loud to hinder conversation. Our waitress even introduced us to the band, and was generally super friendly and accommodating.  I didn't feel rushed at all, and we stayed almost three hours.  And our table was ready as soon as we walked in the door.
The food - oh my goodness, heavenly!  If there could be a downside (there isn't), it would be that every item on the menu looks and seems amazing and it was hard to choose.  HUGE seafood selection, which I thought was a huge plus.  Gluten free pasta options too.  My husband and I shared steamed clams in the white sauce, veal piccante, and braciole - all perfect.  Still thinking about that veal.  Our friends ordered angel hair with crab meat and the petite filet; got a taste of those and they were also delicious.  Our dessert was the mascarpone double chocolate cake and I had to stop myself from licking the plate.  Seriously good food.
Ambiance was also lovely!  Very old-timey, seems pretty rich with history, swanky without being stuffy.  High recommendation for a special outing!  (Not in our average eating-out budget, but well worth saving for a special event).Old school Italian, in the very best way. Leave your pretense at the door and enter to dig into heaping pasta dishes made with attention to detail.This place is unbelievable top-notch best steak and lobster I ever ate and would recommend it to anyone!Excellent Italian food in the middle of South Philly at a reasonable price.  The Saloon restaurant is surprisingly big, very comfortable and unpretentious.  Visit the bar and talk to some locals before you sit down to eat.  This is my new favorite restaurant in South Philly!  
P.S. Try the hot antipasto, chicken eggplant entree and raspberry Napoleon cake!First time I went, it was extraordinary. I had the filet in black pepper sauce, my gf the seafood in red sauce over pasta. Both were delicious. The steak was so tender you could almost cut it with a fork alone. 
It was so good I didn't want to go back because I was afraid the first visit might have been a fluke or that the second visit could possibly ruin the first.
Well I went back. Brought now fiancé and her mom. Had fettuccine with rock lobster, angel hair and jumbo lump crab, and the scallop special. Spinach salad was fantastic. The angelhair dish was light, flavorful, and reminded me exactly of my Sicilian dad's cooking. The lobster dish was very good but paled in comparison to the angelhair and the scallop dishes. The scallop dish: fresh scallops and jumbo lump crab in a cognac, cream, tomato, & potato purée- one of the best dishes I've ever had. Just delightful. Decadent, succulent scallops in one of the most flavorful sauces I've ever met. Stole the show. Beyond extraordinary. 
Second visit was actually better. I can't wait to go back. Great food. Great staff. Great place.Delicious!! Spinach wrapped in prosciutto to the Bronzino topped with crab!! Make sure to save room for dessert!We snagged a same-day reservation when they opened on Sat night.  Yummy apps.  We ordered the eggplant parm and the veal piccata.  Again, both were home runs.  Veal was so tender you could cut it w a straw.  Service was excellent.  We had about 5 people help us out.  For dessert, they brought a huge tray of stuff, all of which we could eat.  I ordered the apple tart w ice cream, spouse got the peanut butter pie.  Both were great.  So why not a higher rating:  food comes a la carte.  While we were stuffed, where is that harm of a few carrots, other veggie on the plate.  2nd issue: that apple tart w ice cream:  $16.50!!!!  Sixteen fifty.  Twice we checked the bill.  It looked like we were dinged for a 3rd dessert.  Ultimately they took it off the bill, but, that is outrageous. Very good food, interesting vibe, but it ain't cheap.If you haven't eaten here, then you have yet to experience old world Philadelphia! What I like most about the Saloon, is it's Philadelphia style atmosphere combined with the most authentic Italian food. From big portions, to big gulps of wine- this is the best place to dine.  I love the new music bands playing on Saturday nights! Chops, steaks, pasta dishes.. The spinach and prosciutto salad, fried oysters, langastino, clams Pavarotti, penne sesso are all must-haves! The wait staff are dressed to a hilt and all beautiful! I recommend this restaurant for special occasions or a simple Saturday night. It is also a great place to entertain clients or have a business dinner during the week. The Saloon is the place to be!   Parking is free so you can drive in and save on parking. On Saturdays there is live music. The music is pre-war 1910-1940 style and romantic. Saloon offers big portions so compared to Other places, you won't leave hungry and so, I didn't mind the price!Great food, atmosphere, and service.... not exactly sure why we haven't been here years ago.... will be back on a regular basis from now on!!My wife and I had a date night this past Saturday.  Tickets to a concert and decided to have a nice dinner beforehand.  We decided on The Saloon, which we have not been to in quite a while.  We now wonder why we hadn't been there in so long!
We didn't have too long to eat, so our waitress, Jase, suggested we put in our order right away.  She made sure we left with plenty of time to spare.
Everything was impeccable!  We shared an appetizer that was some sort of field greens wrapped inside of prosciutto along with walnuts, cranberries and an Italian cheese.  It was then drizzled with balsamic.  Very good.
For entrees, my wife had the linguini with lobster in an amazing sauce.  The lobster was perfectly done and the homemade linguini melted in your mouth.  I had the Bronzino, which was dipped in a very light batter and then topped with crab in a light sauce.  The Bronzino couldn't have been done any better!
As great as the meal was, it was only outdone by the service provided by Jase (sp?).  She was one of the most charming, personable and attentive waitresses I have ever had.
All in all...an extremely memorable experience.  Great service, food and ambiance!!  One that will assure I am back again as soon as I possibly can!!This used to be in my top10 - and fell way off the list a few years back. Sadly, it isn't coming back. What happened to this place? The 'old saloon salad' that I looked forward to before my entree- was big enough for 2 filled with everything, is now a few pieces of lettuce, cherry tomatoes and a few croutons. 
How sad. I miss my old fave.I have never written a review about any restaurant on any website. The Saloon deserves to be the first.  A group of 6 of us went there on a recommendation and it was great.  The food, service and ambience make it a perfect stop if you are looking for a great dinner with friends or family.  Can't wait to go back.We came here right before Christmas for a early holiday celebration. We had a blast! Everything was great! Highly recommend. 
They have valet parking on either side of the restaurant, one right in front of Fitzwater cafe. The restaurant is decorated with many old paintings, furniture, lighting, not exactly sure from which era, but is certainly reminiscent of an older and simpler time. Our waitress was polite and courteous. Food was delicious. Wine was great and desserts were amazing. The price tag was substantial but definitely worth it for a special occasion.Went to Saloon for dinner to celebrate health and happiness. Tommy sat us - he's 80 years old, looks sub-70, been working here for 50 years and was awesome. Rachel, a young very attractive blond, gave us "specials" and was great. Our waiter was Anthony. Been here "half his life" - he's 34 years old.   Great service and attention. 5 stars on food, ambiance and service!First, I love the atmosphere! Classy, refined and antique deco makes this place an any occasion restaurant. We had a large party of 21+ and they were very accommodating and the staff were amazing. 
I started my meal with the crab bisque and it was good.. It had plenty of real crab meat. The spinach salad wrapped in prosciutto was absolutely amazing! I would definitely come back again!OMG. Fantastic. 
One night visit to Philly and picked this place from Yelp reviews. A real gem- locals should be ALL over this place. 
Janna was an awesome server. Food was very good, wine was even better, service was over the top. 
One of my highest recommendations ever. Go there. Now.   Thank me later.Love love love this place!!! Delicious food, great ambiance, knowledgeable staff, and nice decor. Candle lit, small room, cozy enviornment.  Some people were scared off by prices but don't let it stop you from stopping by. Best Veal I've had since I moved here.#1 - The food - Four of us ventured to the Saloon last night, Arriving at 4:40 for our Italian feast. We shared a bottle of wine, which was very good. I had 4 clams casino there was a whole clam under very bland wet bread crumbs ($16). my friend and I had Eggplant Parm ($15) was very good tasting, (4 round 3-4 inch round eggplant pieces, with a few spoonfuls of sauce with cheese places in the middle of the eggplant. I think Ralph's is much better. Our friend had Stuffed Salmon (with lump crabmeat) ($36) and it was very good, Wifey had Veal Marsala (?) which she loved (it isn't on the menu, when we asked if we could order it, they said we could) Our waitress was a gem, filled our wine glasses just before our last sip. The desserts were very good. One observation we have is an unusual limited appetizer choice... 
We will return.
#2 - The place - FYI I have a walking difficulty. There are 2 steps going into the Saloon, and then when I asked were the mens room was, the host almost freaked out, knowing that the restrooms were down stairs (basement)  my friend helped me down L shaped steps with no continuing handrail. Coming back up was a challenge.. With the older crowd this place attracts, one would think handrails were a must! Next time, make sure I don't have to use restroom. nice level of noise.Great find! Having grown up in Philadelphia but lived away for 30+ years, I'm always looking for good restaurants when we visit family in Center City. Since parking is an issue, I expanded my search area and am so glad that I did! This restaurant was perfect. It's not a place to go for spaghetti and meatballs but if you want excellent dinners, you will find them here! We had seafood and meat dishes and everyone cleaned their plates.  We did go early and had no problem with parking, I can imagine as it gets later it could get more complicated.  Will definitely add to our list when we're back in town. Great ambience, great service.  But it is true that if you're older, you might need some help getting in and out of the place.Just watch your step, it's worth the effort !I was lucky enough to be invited to a corporate function at the Saloon. I would have never even known it existed and would have missed out on something really great if I hadn't had this opportunity. My workplace bought the restaurant out for the evening so we had open bar and a 4 course sit down dinner. I started out with a starter sized pasta dish which was to die for that combined penne and crumbled sausage in a wonderful tomato sauce. Next up was a house salad which was also fantastic...nothing crazy but still good.  For my main entree I chose the Veal Chop. When it came out all around me wished they had ordered it as well! It was HUUUGE and served with a pan sauce that was beyond amazing. Probably one of the best dishes I had ever eaten. The waitresses were great too...some fun ladies!
If you get the chance to go here you must! I have heard they only accept cash and possibly american express though I don't know if that still applies.This was the first amazing dinner I had in Philly upon moving here a few years ago.
My dad was in town and had visited this place in the past, and decided this was a place I needed to check out, so he took me, and I was impressed.
Firstly, it has a great ambiance.  It's classic decor and very warm.  As another user had described it - like a gentleman's restaurant.  We were seated against the window, which is exactly what I love in the dead of winter.  Snowing outside while you're nice and warm inside dining on a delectable dinner.
The clams casino were very, very good.  I've had this dish from numerous restaurants and this was tops.
The Saloon seems to be known for their steaks so my dad and boyfriend both ordered a Porterhouse - with no complaints.  
I had the Lobster Francaise and it was incredible.  The lobster tail was... well, lobster.  Sweet and dense and fresh, and just lightly battered.  It was topped with lump crab and a rich butter-lemon white wine sauce.  
The service was great as well.  The waiters were polite and professional. As the weather was so dismal that evening, they even called us a cab before we left so we didn't have to walk for one.  Great place.So much history on the walls. Very impressive when my boyfriend took me there and everyone knew who his family was. Super welcoming.I went to the saloon restaurant last night. The place has an old but unique set up and decor. Our waitress was amazing and very accommodating. Even though our meal was super expensive, it was delicious. The daily specials are the way to go, you'll be paying a little more but won't be disappointed.This may be my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! It's old school feel provides for an authentic ambiance. The Filet Moda is a one of a kind steak dish that I highly recommend.  Their "antipasto" special was out of this world - stuffed peppers, grilled langastino, and claims casino!We booked the Saloon last minute and was so happy we did! It is hard to find parking in the South Street area on a Saturday night but the Saloon has a lot exclusively for their restaurant with friendly attendants. 
We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated at a table for two by the bay windows (great spot). Our server was not only gorgeous but friendly & very knowledgable. 
Started with the crab bisque....really good!I Ordered the crab stuffed Scottish Salmon and my hub ordered the filet. Both cooked perfectly and tasty. The drinks were very good and for getting another year older...a candle. 
Overall good experience!Beautiful place. Food was okay, but I would have liked a bit more bang for my buck. Over all good experience.I could not imagine a nicer dining experience.  Excellent decor, service and quality of food and drinks!  Love it.  Freshly made pesto, wonderful cheeses, seafood, steaks, etc.  Wonderful martinis.  Definitely a place for a great meal or special occasion.  And parking is free on site.5/5 stars!! Visiting Philly and this was recommended and I'm thankful I went. Food and service was awesome. Real deal food.This place is top shelf. Bring a lot of money cause it can get expensive. There are lesser priced dishes but the specials sound sooo good! Been going to the Saloon for at least 20 years.If you want classic, old school Italian food that's good for the soul, the Saloon is an excellent choice. Walking into the Saloon, you feel as though you are traveling back in time! Their food is outstanding, and definitely competes with Philadelphia staples like Dante and Luigi's and the Victor Cafe. The service is attentive, welcoming, and friendly. The parking situation is accommodating as they offer valet. No need to worry about trying to find a place to park in the area. I will definitely return to the Saloon.Darn, just lost a nice review I wrote! Bottom line is this. The service was impeccable. The environment classic, warm and rich. The food was tasty or at least my peppercorn ahi tuna was awesome. Wine list was well-rounded to accompany items on the menu. We didn't try dessert but the tray was filled with delectable looking pieces of yummy.  Parking service available. I'll be back when traveling to Philadelphia!I went here with a big group as the guest of a vendor we work with. Wow, it was a great meal. We didn't order off the regular menu--it was a limited menu, probably for our group. Still, there was a good selection for all tastes. I was seriously full after and I couldn't even finish my lobster fettucini!  The building is kind of a strange place, almost like someone's house that they refurbished as a restaurant. It has a definite "saloon" atmosphere, but not in a bad way. I would probably not bring children there--you do need to walk through the bar area. It seems like an adult place.Had a great meal here for my fiances bday. This is a place thats great for a special occasion. Its got an old school vibe about it, like back in the day when the whole neighborhood was italian.  
We ordered the veal chop w mushrooms in a demi and the lobster francaise.  My veal was great..seriously great..but if you ever come here you MUST get the lobster francaise. Its seriously the most tender lobster dish around. Like melt in yo mouf good.  So there you go.Great food! Outstanding service! We were a party of 6 who ordered drinks, wine, multiple appetizers and sides in addition to entrees and dessert. EVERYTHING was excellent!The service was perfect. The decor is amazing, fun and a ton of history. The food was delicious and certainly priced fairly. As an original Philadelphian I'm upset I haven't found this neighborhood gem any sooner. I can't wait to go back.My wife and I went to dinner at the Saloon last minute. Made a reservation through open table. Which made life very easy. The food and the service were awesome. The bar menu was great. They had a great beer list. Also, reasonably priced. We will absolutely go back in the near future.This is my favorite "special occasion" restaurant.  The food is delicious, the staff is wonderful (and beautiful), the atmosphere is classic and sophisticated. Its also a great place to meet for drinks on a Friday or Saturday night.  There is a bar upstairs and downstairs and the last couple of times I went for drink there was live jazz upstairs so it was a lot of fun.This was the first time coming here and it was excellant! I had the angel hair with crabmeat. It was worth every bite! They have an extensive wine menu and the only wine I drink is Moscato, but they didn't have it. The server suggested an ice wine which  I've never heard of before, but it was very interesting. I liked it very much! It was a bottle tinier than a normal-size bottle and I drank the whole thing. Delicious and sweet!! The strawberry shortcake melts in your mouth, with the freshly-made whipped cream. It was a little rich for my stomach, so if you have stomach problems maybe only 3 bites. I will definitely go back here. This place is very romantic and nice for special occasions. It' very rustic and beautiful inside.We have now been to Saloon twice. The summer menu offers a lot of crabmeat dishes (sweethearts favorite).  On our last visit on New Years Eve, there were very few options offering crab. No worries...I had seafood pasta, which was full of mussels, clams and shrimp. Sweetheart had the veal. Good service, generous portions, great atmosphere. A Philly classic which has surpassed the test of time.I'm looking forward to trying their food! 
I've been to the Saloon for pre and/or post dinner drinks on more than one occasion. The Saloon is surrounded by quite a few BYOB's so it's nice to be able to pop in somewhere for a glass of wine. The bartender is wonderful. He's super friendly and accommodating. While just having a glass of wine on each visit we were welcomed with freshly shaved Parmesan cheese, olives, and potato chips. 
Check out the old cash register behind the bar- super neat! The bathrooms are very nice too! 
The menu looks and smells delicious so I'll be sure to come back for dinner soon!Often go here when taking guests out on business meals.  Only drawback is that it can get noisy.Drinks were great , food was really good, lobster francaise in cognac sauce. Service was excellent  , jazz band great also.I really liked this place.  The atmosphere is very warm, classy, and a little vintage with its decor.  I would describe this place as a true gentleman's bar/restaurant.  I've walked by this place a bunch of times and decided to finally check it out.  The host and hostess were very welcoming.  I might have not been dressed for the occasion since I had a nice button down with jeans.  Meanwhile everyone else was in business casual.  Nevertheless they took our coats and I felt very welcomed. 
The only reason I can not give this place 5 stars is because of the prices $$$$.  I got a bottle of wine with dessert and ended up with a bill of $75.  In the end I was not upset about it because the dining experience was truly amazing and one of a kind.  You can tell they really know how to take care of their customers here.
Oh yeah, and the dessert was an Apple Crisp with Gelato on the side.  It was so good.
My favorite part was the giant door knob on the door. lolThis place is a very unique place to have dinner. The atmosphere of this establishment is out of this world, feels like I took a time machine back to 20's or 30's.
With unique atmosphere this place offers insane selection of Italian food.
We ordered many different types of food and every dish were beyond my expectation.
I strongly recommend this restaurant to everyone who appreciate quality food, service, and the nostalgic interior design.Cool restaurant with great food and great service. Hosted a group of 18 with a prix fixe menu and they took very good care of us.Wow.  Let me preface this review by saying I wasn't paying so can't really speak to the "bang for the buck".   However, my meal was potentially in the top 10 of my entire LIFE!  And I'm no spring chicken.  And I don't particularly like Italian restaurants.  The bar area was old-time wood and heavy bar stools - the bartender mixed a perfect pre-dinner Jack-and-Ginger.  Then started with some decadent appetizer plate with amazing stuff green peppers and some calamari that was decent.  And then my spinach salad wrapped in Prosciutto was simply delicous.  I was confused as I had never seen a salad wrapped up like an eggroll; however, when I cut into the Prosciutto and the spinach and other salad ingredients spilled out, it was heavenly.  And then time for the Braciole.   Oh my!!!  Filet so tender and thin, rolled with spinach, parm and pancetta and topped with a wonderful tomato sauce.  The homemade cheese ravioli was in the "to die for" category.  (And according to local lore, the Saloon was a mob hangout, so maybe that is true..)  I am a hearty eater and I literally forced myself to eat half of everything and believe me, that was plenty.  If I am ever back in South Philly, I'll stop by the Saloon.Came here for my sister's birthday dinner. It was very good, our waitress, I believe her name was Rachel, she was very professional and knew the daily specials from the back of her head. I had the salmon with a cream sauce, it was soooo good, and there was a prosciutto wrap salad, that was excellent also. Good food and service equal to 5 stars!