What an amazing and refreshing meal. No pretense or snooty attitudes. The tastes and overall experience was great.Friendly, homey place.  The night we went, we were the first party in the restaurant and got the one seat in the bay window on the 2nd floor with views of Passyunk below.  By far the best seat in the house!  If you can reserve it, its worth it.  The lobster bisque soup was very good, but the egg roll appetizer was a bit too greasy for my taste.  I had the steak, which was executed perfectly.  Also tried the burger, which was very flavorful (and gigantic).  Good date place.This isn't your late 80's - early 90's female rap trio!  Salt and Pepper is the smallest, most unassuming BYOB where my friends and I have had the pleasure to dine.
I don't think Salt and Pepper can seat more than 25 - and like most small BYOBs in the city, the kitchen and bathroom and dining are ensconced tightly on this little first floor corner property. But no matter, they were able to fit seven of us!
Food - was lovely - simply prepared. As previously mentioned, menu is small like the property.  About 5 appetizer selections (and a special of the day), along with 5 principal dishes (salmon, striped bass, filet, lamb, and chicken) and 3 desserts (your token creme brulee and a chocolate lava cake, and a rice pudding)  
We tried it all - the hummous and shrimp apps were meh- the rest (lobster rav., scallop) were well-executed.  Average to smaller portions. Had the lamb chops with creamy risotto.  They got my med-rare temp right on the money. Others had the fish dishes and filet - everyone enjoyed their dishes .  The food wasn't ground-breaking - but it was well prepared and tasty. Comforting.
Desserts didn't make me convulse (in a good way, I mean) - although the stand-out had to be the chocolate lava cake... (skip the rice pudding, unless you truly have a hankering)
Service was friendly - only two people working the floor - (I'm assuming the owner was playing double duty both in the kitchen and at the tables) and unlike other BYOs they didn't rush us whatsoever. They were glad to provide us with champagne glasses and to keep our whites cold - The dinner took a while, but we were a big top and we weren't in a rush.
All in all, pleasant  low-key dining experience that  felt like you were eating at someone's house who is a terrific cook.
oh, and p.s. - big plus - they take credit cards!My wife & I dropped by this BYOB on a Friday night when we didn't feel like cooking, but wanted to have a well-made slow-food meal. With a name like Salt & Pepper, how could we go wrong.
Grabbed a two-top outside and enjoyed the warm summer night air on a quiet street. Service was awesome, very attentive and personal, explaining as much about each dish that you would care to know.
We started with one of the night's special, light meze/tapas of humus, eggplant caviar (warmed with smooth, wonderful taste), olives, a pickled slaw and some seasoned octopus, with a good seared-in flavor and perfectly tender.
The scallops are as good as it gets...served with a light tomato vinaigrette and summer veg, they were perfectly sweet and tender, with the carmelized char you crave in a scallop...check out the picture above.
I had the lamb chops, which were cooked a perfect medium-rare and served with a veal demi-glace that was plate-licking good. Accompanying fennel gratin with panko was a buttery good alternative to a starchy side.
Prices were reasonable and there were plenty of other entrees to come back for. A real gem.My husband and I dined at this little gem of a restaurant last night. First of all, it's a BYOB and I thought it was particularly awesome that when my husband called to make reservations the restaurant encouraged him to bring a bottle of wine two so we could sit and enjoy ourselves. You don't get too much of that these days, especially at BYOB's with a limited amount of tables. 
The dining room is very quaint, and if you want a restaurant with a certain ambiance, this is probably not the place. It is however, nice, warm, and inviting like your eating at your friend's house. This restaurant is clearly all about the food, and it was divine! My husband got the scallops which were delish, and I ordered the pumpkin risotto which was out of this world. 
I definitely recommend this place if you're a serious foodie looking for a night full of wine, excellent food, and hospitable service!Princess and I shared the onion soup and the tuna sashimi and we each had the roasted chicken breast.
The onion soup was delicious and a huge serving with a lot of onion in it which got more than just a couple of spoonful's each.
The tuna sashimi was amazing which this too came with a really nice sized portion and not just 2 or 3 pieces which was nice since we were sharing. The tuna was wrapped around an avocado which was prepared like it guacamole with what I tasted was a hint of wasabi.
The chicken was cooked to perfection, the skin was thin and crunchy on top of risotto  surrounded with a delicious au jeu sauce.The beet and pineapple salad is the business. They make a mean Manhattan. The service is excellent. I had a burger that was overcooked. Interior is cozy. Turns out, the Blue Moon Winter brew isn't a bad beer at all. Huh, who would have thunk it. 
Smart and simple menu in a great space with an excellent staff. We'll be back!Incredible. Some of the best food and service I have had in Philadelphia let alone S. Philly.  The new space is great and is so comfortable, I just miss Robert waiting on all the tables while running the kitchen and expediting all the food.  I guess it was bound to happen. To the below reviews, they do allow BYO early in the week, if you came in on a Thurs Fri or Sat with a giant Jug of crappy wine and are surprised that a place with a Liq License and a wine list charged you a corkage fee  maybe next time you should just stay home. 
I look forward to many returns.Heard about this spot from my sister, Lene P. (also on yelp!). I don't remember what it used to be, but i'm happy it's something new.
I had a Saketini, which was PERFECT, just enough alcohol to get the job done, but not too much that you couldn't drink it. I also ordered the burger - which was also very good. 
The weird thing about this place was how hot it was inside. My friend and I sat at the bar, but we asked to move outside because of how sweaty we got. The AC was on, so maybe it was the drinks? 
Anyway, the bartender (sorry I forgot your name!) was very accommodating and said it was no problem. He carried our drinks out and was very helpful when deciding on drinks/menu. Very funny, friendly guy. You're in luck if you go there and he's working.
After the burger, we shared a banana split which was funny because we were sitting outside right next to Capogiro. =)
Overall, I enjoyed the place and would come back again to try other items on the menu. Thumbs up.I hope they never take the scallops off the appitizer menu.  The lamb chops were succulent.  
Our server, who could possibly be the owner (?) was terrific.  His casual approach to serving a table of 8 on a Saturday night was appropriate.  He wanted us to have fun, drink lots, eat well, and not feel rushed.  
Due to the 25 person maximum seating, it's most likely hard to stay on time for your reservations.  I recommend first seating.  We did 6:30 and it worked out great.  I watched the tables line up to wait outside and they didn't seem thrilled.Great food! We had the most amazing steaks and risotto at salt and pepper. Friendly, cozy indoor and outdoor seating. Food and local flavor make this place fantastic! A true neighborhood gem.Let me start by saying that Salt & Pepper is one of my favorite restaurants ever. EVER. 
Last night we went to the new location on Passyunk for my birthday dinner.  because it is my FAVORITE.
The service, as always, was IMPECCABLE and flawless. The atmosphere was perfect: clean, cozy and a little sultry. 
The food was decent. I had a burger and my husband had the steak frites.
We also shared the onion soup and the gnocci.  The onion soup was delicious! Complex without being heavy.  A definite winner and true to the roots of Salt & Pepper.  The gnocci was tasty, too. My husband thought it was really salty but I like salt so it worked for me.
The burger was tasty and juicy but not special.  The steak was good too, but a little on the bland side.
Both of our dishes came with frozen (hot homemade) french fries. Whaaat??  
Steak frites with frozen french fries? The old Salt & Pepper would never have done such a thing. The old place went the extra mile to make every dish special.  So this was disappointing. 
I think my husband summed it up best when he said "Robert was able to do SO much in that tiny little space on Fitzwater that I really came in here expecting much more from him now that he has space and a staff." 
I LOVE LOVE LOVED the old place. It was special.  It felt like a secret place.  It was creative and inspired and a true labor of love.
This new place, as an overall experience, is lovely.  It truly is.   I will go back because I'm not ready to give up on this place yet.
I'm just not sure its the same restaurant anymore.Really great addition to an already awesome stretch of street. It's one of those places that gives you less food than you think you want, but when you're done you're full and happy. Especially if you have an appetizer, which are just as good as the main dishes but smaller. I had the gnocchi and asparagus starter and the duck entree, and they were both really good. I had never had crispy prosciutto before, so that was fun.
The space itself is great. Bar in front with tables in the back, then an upstairs area with more and larger tables. Nice bay window up there, cool grey walls, gets especially nice when the sun goes down and they light the candles. Overall a really great place I'd definitely go back to.Went on a date to Salt and Pepper and had an incredible experience.  Amazing food and even better service.  They're moving to 1623 E. Passyunk and will no longer be a full on BYO.  
Here's a blurb from Philly Mag about the move...
"Salt & Pepper is also moving: to 1623 East Passyunk Avenue, into the space that most recently was home to Michael's Cafe. While owner Robert Reilly says he'll keep the menu mostly the same, while broadening to include bistro classics like steak frites; he plans on adding a burger. The new S&P will also have a liquor license, although Reilly says he'll let customers BYO on select nights (Tuesday and Wednesday) of the week. He also plans to eventually serve a beer he's been creating with Prism Brewing's Rob DeMaria. Salt & Pepper will close its doors at its current location on Wednesday, November 24. Reilly says he hopes to have the new East Passyunk Salt & Pepper open by early December."
I'll definitely be making the trip to their new home on Passyunk.I finally visited S&P last night for dinner, it was on my list of places to eat for a while-it was delish! We sat at the bar first for a drink, so cozy and comfortable-great prices for wine and cocktails.  The food was awesome- the beet and pineapple app was off the chain-my husband had the hummus app and that too was so good.  For entrees we had the salmon-amazing sauce and delish mashed potatoes and the hubs had the chicken breast-good good good! So glad we finally went to this place,definitely go there!Excuse the delay, but the fact that I had dinner here last year and we still talk about it in the most favorable manner should say it all. We were visiting from San Diego, and every trip since has prompted the question, "was it as good as our dinner at Salt and Pepper?" Almost every time the answer has been "No." Salt and Pepper succeeds in being intimate, well run (the owner was our waiter and spent quality time with us), and the food was excellent. The balance between all of these factors is at the heart of my five-star review.Just fabulous, brought my father in-law and we couldn't have had a better night with better food.  Everything was perfectly prepared and just amazing.This is why I love being back in Philly, amazing BYOs. Heading in on a Saturday night with 2 girlfriends, only wish we had a 4th so we could have literally ordered the whole menu! After a long debate, which almost had to be decided over a coin toss, we opted for 4 appetizers and the soup special! So happy we did. I could smell the rosemary from the onion soup at the table next to us, and couldn't wait to taste, and I was not disappointed at all. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the beet and pineapple salad (the debated dish) was definitely worth getting. For the main course I split the rack and lamb and the bass, both equally delicious. The stand out dessert for us was the bread pudding, and of course we tried them all! Rob, the owner, is great, as is his awesome wife Rachel! This is definitely going on the top of my BYOs restaurants list! A must try for all!With a little more polish this would have earned five stars. Simply excellent food at moderate prices. One of our dishes came out too cool. No espresso. Now for the good. Outstanding spring rolls. Excellent appetizer of pasta with lobster. Steak is fantastic. Rack of lamb yummy.  Off the charts apple pie.  Lovely service and atmosphere. Enjoy.My husband and I LOVE this restaurant. We were big fans of the old location, and used to walk there for dinner every few months when we lived in the neighborhood. Just checked out their new place tonight and once again, we had a fantastic meal. My husband started with the scallops which, as usual, were excellent. His lamb chops were perfect as well. My gnocchi starter was incredible and my steak frites was excellent. We finished with a huge banana split. Prices are always very reasonable here as well. The owner Robert came over to talk to us and has always made us feel so welcome. We are so happy to see this restaurant hasn't skipped a beat, and will definitely be back soon!We went here for New Years Eve, and it was SUPERB!  It's a small quaint place, you would not want to bring more than 8 people.  The menu is always changing.  The chef is in view of every table, and the staff is fantastic.  Every single thing our table ordered was amazing, and everyone raved about each course.  Dessert was great!  It's a BYOIf you look up hole in the wall in the dictionary, you might find a picture of salt&pepper under the definition. It's intimate. My boyfriend and I walked into the restaurant to see a full house (about 20-30 people), two waitstaff, and one chef, a really small team. The waiter took awhile to take our order--probably because he was trying to not overwhelm the chef, who was soldiering through the orders. It's a good thing we weren't in a hurry, but definitely something to note for future reference. 
Another thing to note for the future: when scheduling the reservation (which they do take) I might call to see what they have on the menu to help decide on the wine. The menu on the evening I went was overwhelmingly seafood-oriented (and different from the menu posted online), so we could have gone with a lighter white wine instead of the amarone we actually brought. 
Boyfriend started with scallops, cooked to perfection in a tomato vinaigrette. I got a shrimp and fettuccine in a white wine sauce. I'm not sure if it's because there was a mini-rush of orders to push out of the kitchen, but the textures for my dish were a little off: the shrimp was over cooked and a little tough, and the pasta sauce was runny. The pasta itself was delicious, though.
For the main course, I got lamb chops, which came with a lemon risotto, and boyfriend got the filet mignon. My lamb chops were perfectly cooked and the lemon risotto was a refreshing contrast to the rich flavor. The filet, while tender, was a little overcooked-ordered medium rare, but cooked all the way through.
Desserts were good, we went with the creme brulee (straight-forward, nothing fancy) and the molten lava cake (decadent).
Overall, great experience, solid food, and I'm looking forward to my next meal there.  
Other things of note: Service was really great, their butter (they start you out with bread and butter) is DELICIOUS, and they accept credit cards.Food is superb services not only excellent but fun. Spicy beef flatbread ,  plantains ,etcSalt and Pepper is a sweet, tiny lil BYOB in Queen Villiage. The menu is a very refined and well thought out palette for the foodie in all of us. There are not many options on the menu, which is all the easier for you to make your decisions from the few tough choices there are. I had the scallop appetizer, the bronzino, and the creme brule. The scallops were absolutely perfect. Perfect sear. Perfect texture. Perfect flavor. I could have had 2 orders of these for my dinner and been happy as can be. The bronzino was good, though something, maybe the fish, was a little too salty for my tastes. It was still absolutely delicious. My guy had the salmon and that was great too! Perfectly prepared. The creme brule was decent, though I have definitely had better. 
Service was great, all very sweet and helpful.
Definitely make a reservation, as this is a tiny place.Salt and Pepper is an adorable, classic old Philly home that has been converted into a restaurant.  The bar is cozy and the bartender was friendly and well-versed in each beer/wine on the menu.  The eating areas are comfortable and simply decorated.  The wait staff was also very easy-going.  A friend and I shared the orechiette with lobster and the plantains with sardines.  The plantains/sardines were an interesting combination and flavorful, but the plantains were a little dry in my opinion(starchy plantains can always be difficult).  The orechiette with lobster was yummy and the portions of lobster were generous.  I had the NY strip with potato gratin and haricots verts.  The temperature (medium-rare) was excellent and the potatoes were amazing!  Also a generous portion of steak, I saved half for steak and eggs the next morning.  My friend had the chicken and risotto and gave me a taste.  The chicken had great crispy, flavorful skin and the risotto was creamy and delicious.  I would definitely return.Happy hour is TO DIE FOR! $5 wine, $5 food... cheapest and most delicious happy hour in South Philly! Took my perpetually hungry boyfriend there at 6:30 on a Friday night. 4 glasses of wine, 2 pizzas, and an order of pot stickers later and he was FULL, for only $35 + tax, etc... We sat in the window and had a lovely time, until my brother showed up looking for beer, but that's neither here nor there... 
So in the words of Yelp! "Yay! I'm a fan"!!! Buuuuuuuuut I probably wouldn't go outside of happy hour. Some of the wait staff can be rather pretentious, which is good for NO ONE. 
Happy hour = cheap, long, delicious!This restaurant is now located at 1623 E. Passyunk Ave. and it has a full bar and liquor license. I went here with a new pal for a few drinks at the bar-- we didn't have anything to eat.
I really like the atmosphere, low-lit and intimate. It's kind of a special place, a place where you'd bring someone you're trying to impress.  
There are two doors, one directly in front of you as you approach the front and one slightly to the left. You want to use the one on the left. We watched a bunch of people trying to get in through the wrong door -- in fact, I did that. Oops! 
The bar is small -- in fact the whole place is small -- and we had excellent service. I had two gin and tonics and my friend had an innumerable amount of champagne cocktails. I will definitely be back to eat sometime.Five stars all the way!
A friend of ours kept raving about this place, and armed with a gift certificate, our group finally made it to Bella Vista to try the yumminess that is Salt & Pepper. 
I loved how we could see the kitchen from where we sat. The guy who served us wasn't kidding when he said they don't pre-make anything. I saw my chicken completely raw.
That being said, I was very impressed with the menu. Whoever said a small menu wasn't impressive obviously hasn't been here, because I wanted to order EVERYTHING. Alas, I started off with the seared scallops, followed by the roasted citrus chicken.
The scallops were perfect. The flavors made me want more, but at the same time, they made me want to stop so I could save my appetite for the main course. One person in our group had the wasabi crab cake, which was yummy as well, but I'm not a fan of wasabi so I didn't care for it too much.
Main course was roasted citrus chicken with potatoes, salad, and a poached egg for half our party, and the seared bronzino with basil gnocchi for the other half. We were all impressed with our food selections. 
Seasonal menus hold a special place in my heart, and I can't wait to see what Salt & Pepper has in store. This place has become a favorite, and we're definitely coming back!What a find! I'm tempted not to review this place so that is stays a secret, but here goes. The ambiance leaves a little to be desired for, but the restaurant more than makes up for it with excellently prepared food. We ordered the scallop appetizer to start with. Two large perfectly prepared scallops were accompanied by green beans and a tomatoe based sauce drizzled around the plate. Like I said the scallops were prepared perfectly and we quickly finished this yummy app. My only complaint would be that there was an oil drizzled around the plate as well which made the accompanying sauce a bit too oily. Overall very good. For dinner I had the most delicious lobster dish with couscous. I'm drooling just thinking about it. It was in a red curry sauce and very unique. My husband had the lamb which was perfectly prepared and equally as delicious. For dessert we shared a warm chocolate cake which was the perfect end to a perfect meal. Highly recommended.I moved down to Bella Vista not too long ago, and have been walking by Salt and Pepper like 5 times a week ever since, but just haven't had the time to stop in. Finally got around to it last night and was really impressed.
First off, love the dining room. It very tiny, with 1 waiter and the kitchen right in the room. It felt like you were at a good friends house and he was cooking for you. Very cool.
Had a scallop appetizer that was coked very well, lamb chops for entree which were great. They also came with a side of fennel gratin which was SUPER GOOD. Then my fiancee and I split a creme brulee for desert. The whole thing was very tasty, and not super expensive (10 bucks for the scallop, 25 for the chops). All the plates had excellent presentation.
My only complaint, if I had to say one, was the portions seemed a tiny out of whack. My appetizer was rather large (2 very decent sized scallops). My entree was a little on the small side, and the creme brulee was pretty tiny. Not that I was starving when I left, but I certainly wasn't stuffed. 
Overall I really enjoyed my dinner and recommend this place to anyone.food is fantastic. portion not so much. if you are a big eater you will think you are stuck in a hellish nutrisystem infomercial. but I must say the filet and scallops were very good and the bronzino was phenomenal. also coming from a dessert lover who does not particularly care for creme brulee..that's a good creme brulee.Food was  just ok and pricey.  The city needs small gems, but this is not one of them. The soup came out lukewarm & the dinners were not memorable.The owner was rude when the dessert orders came and one was missing.  When we asked for the missing dessert he curtly replyed  that we ordered 3 and dropped our check on the table.  Needless to say we were charged  for 4 desserts! 
What a disappointment.Our second stop for Craft Beer Day on E Passyunk. River horse was in the building and we got there around 6:30 They were out of all but two types of beers when we arrived. We figured as much since we had gotten there as the event was winding down. The special was 3.00 bottles. The boy tried one and I opted for a glass of wine. The cocktail list is a little overpriced and the options didn't really grab my attention. My wine was pretty good a refreshing crisp sav- blanc and  the boy seemed to enjoy his beer. We chatted with the bar tender and she let us take a look at the menu for a future visit (kitchen was closed, they usually aren't open on Sundays) nothing on the menu made me wanna come back to check out salt and pepper. It's a fairly small menu I think I saw about 6 entrée options and 5 apps. 
The restaurant itself is very charming and well decorated and the natural light that comes in from the huge windows is really neat. I think this place will need a little Cayenne to get me to come back to salt and pepperI would definitely come back and enjoyed it.  Tiny, but nice atmosphere.  The food was a little on the salty side, which is my biggest critique.  And it took a very long time for our food to come out, including apps.  We were famished. 
But the server was attentive and pleasant, the menu interesting, the food tasty and prices reasonable.  I had the sea bass with taro root puree, my dining companions had the chicken with risotto, a special seafood risotto, gnocchi as an app and hummous as an app.Came to this tiny BYO for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night. With little more than a half a dozen tables and the kitchen right there, this place is, as I said, tiny - but makes a good use of the space. All of the tables were occupied at one time or another while our party was there, and even though our table was situated squarely in the middle of the dining room, our table of five girls still felt intimate. 
The staff was very kind and sat four of us while we waited for our (very late) fifth, but after our fifth arrived, they seemed to forget about us. In the meantime, most of the other tables had filled, so the place was busy, but I still had to motion for the server when we had been ready to order for some time. Oh, and parties of two to four are ideal. Six is a stretch. More than six in unimaginable. 
The food was excellent. To have no complaints from a table of five girls with very divergent tastes is quite a feat - and Salt & Pepper delivered. We sampled the hummus and scallops (which were divine) to start, and entrees at the table included the salmon, tuna, and various red meat. I had the lamb chops - and finished the entire plate. 
Of course, this being a birthday dinner, we had to sample a few of the desserts on the menu. The creme brulee is a must when you visit Salt & Pepper. 
One pointer that may be importance to those sensitive to drafts....try to be seated away from the door. They do a fairly good job of draping the door to limit cold air entering, but it's really the tipsy patrons who leave, and then leave the door wide open behind them, that cause the problem. So grab a table away from the door...or just grab another bottle of wine, that works too.I have heard about Salt & Pepper for quite some time now and had no clue it moved locations and gained a liquor license recently. Salt & Pepper is located on EPX and I have to say, I am jealous of all the lucky peeps in the neighborhood cause I would love to have this restaurant next door. My bf took me here for a dinner date and I think it was a perfect spot to have a classy/ romantic (but not googlie eyed) dinner. The atmosphere was classy, mostly couples who were dressed nice and also appeared to be on dates. My bf made reservations, so I would also suggest a reservation for weekend dining since the restaurant is small. Parking on the street was easy and the neighborhood is very safe so feel free to walk. 
Like all starts to a meal, I investigated the wine situation. I had the house wine after having a sample provided by a very attentive and courteous waitress. It was delicious and complemented my meal well. I started with the lobster soup, which was unique and delicious. The soup had a bouillon base which complemented two small lobster filled wontons. Although, I feel more lobster is always better, I felt this soup was perfect in every way....savory and delish. I ordered the lamb shank with a rice pilaf and eggplant caviar. Words can not describe how tender, delicious and mouthwatering the lamb was. Hands down this is the best lamb shank I have ever had. For those of you who don't typically eat lamb because of the "lambie taste," I suggest you go for it here and you will be a converted lamb lover.  I'm very particular with lamb and this was to die for. My bf had the tuna, I wish I could comment on it more, but he liked it so much he wouldn't share it with me :) From looking at the tuna, it was perfectly prepared and going by my bf palate (which I have refined in our years of dating) it was another well prepared dish. My applauds to the chef for a phenomenal meal.My first BYOB experience in Philly, and I must say Salt & Pepper set the bar pretty high!
I came here with my girlfriend, and brought a bottle of white wine.  Knowing our elementary "white wine pairs with seafood," we decided to share Salt & Pepper's Seared Scallop stater and the Bronzino w/ Gnocchi for our entree.  The result...
Let's just say my stomach was happy, my girlfriend was happy, and I was ecstatic!  The scallops were fresh perfectly seared, and they practically melted in my mouth. 
If that wasn't enough the bronzino & gnocchi topped that with a flavor and texture bonanza.  The fish was cooked to perfection, prepared with the skin attached to the fish leaving a slight crunch that went well with the flakiness of the fillet.  The gnocchi complemented the dish perfectly.  It was creamy and flavorful and paired well with the flavors of the fish.  I really loved how the dished played so many textures and flavors into one entree, well done!
Aside from the food, the atmosphere and environment was amazing.  My girlfriend and I managed to snag a seat inside in plain sight of the partially exposed kitchen (we could smell all the dishes as they were being prepared).  Plus, the service was excellent, all of our inquiries were answered thoughtfully.  But a word of warning, this place is very small and not ideal for large parties.  I would also advise a reservation.
I know I will definitely come back to Salt & Pepper!Very friendly service. 
Very good food. 
Nice wine selection. 
Great interior. 
Not cheap. Takes credit cards!
I'll be back!The new location is larger and lovelier. The bar is perfect. And having burgers and soups on the menu prove a smart new direction. Five stars!Terrible customer service!! The food was adequate, but the customer service was horrible. I purchased a $100 gift card for my parents who live out of town, and the "owner" would not accept it because apparently the gift card was purchased at their prior location and signed by their prior partner.  The current owner also accused us of changing the expiration date from 2010 to 2011.  He then explained that he would "take care of us", which consisted of two appitizers that accounted for approximately 10% of the purchased gift card.  Personally, I would have walked out immediately, however we were trying to show our parents a good time. 
If that is the way they are going to treat their customers then it is not worth your time and money! Obviously, I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone!!Went here for dinner a few weeks ago. 
The restaurant is extremely small, and there was no AC. The location may not be ideal for a big party. (Space is a tad bigger than the old Little Fish that was a block away.)
Kitchen is open and you can almost watch your food being prepared. Service was a little slow because every table was full, but very friendly.
Food was very good--definitely try the gnocchi and the salmon was impressive.
Outdoor seating + BYO = perfect for a small, low key dinner for two.The service was extremely friendly, helpful and made the experience very enjoyable.  The scallops and new york strip were the best I've ever had.  We definitely will be back!I love this little BYO, and it would be a little useless for me to talk about individual menu items as it changes every few weeks. 
Their set-up with the small kitchen right near the seating--such that you can feel the hot flames on the back of your neck as they flash about in the kitchen--is the first thing you'll notice. Nothing to hide here!
Our dinner service for four was a little longer than a typical restaurant with a larger kitchen, so if you tend to be starving and emaciated as you get seated for dinner, snack first or save this for another time. They do serve bread and water to start. 
The particular dish I had was the seared bronzino (a type of bass) with gnocci and asparagus. The fish was cooked perfectly and was moist and flavorful from first bite to last. I usually don't complain about portion sizes, but I felt sad as I came to the last bite! That might have been my own problem as I was perfectly full after (I'm a glutton, sorry). I had samples of the chicken and the execution was perfect. Most places will overcook chicken white meat, but this restaurant did the chicken some justice. 
So looks like I mentioned individual dishes...but use the above as a guide to what you can order as they try to vary the meat selections as their menu changes. The second visit to this restaurant showed salmon as the fish with different iterations of chicken, lamb, and a steak.
Great place to repeat as things change, and it is definitely not for those who have anxiety attacks when their one "favorite" dish is off the menu! Don't forget the wine!The atmosphere is the best part of this BYOB -- cozy, warm, with an open kitchen, and tiling on the wall that reminds me of a traditional French kitchen.  I had the filet, though I don't remember now what accompanied it (only because I went last month and am just writing this review now) -- something tasty with a nice red-wine based sauce.  My entree was solidly good, but, as another reviewer notes, everything was very salty, my dining partner's dish included.  So, while the food wasn't among the best I'd ever had, it was very good, and the atmosphere was inviting enough to make me want to return soon.Went here last night with some friends for a birthday celebration.  Upon arrival, we were promptly taken care of and also noticed that the restuarant is very intimate - with the kitchen and tables all within very close proximity.  The menu is simple and designed to be diverse.  It has a rotating style based on the season and in my opinion made it hard for me to decide what to order.
Between the five of us we tried the onion soup, scallops and a special lobster raviolli.  Everyone raved about their appetizers.  The soup that I had was smooth in texture with subtle onion flavor.  For entirees we again ran the gambit from the filet, lamb and the striped bass.  I will only say, every plate was clean, sauce and all.  I think that speaks volumes for home much everyone loved their dinners.  The filet I had was cooked to perfection (medium rare as ordered) and melted in your mouth.  The potatoes and sauce were complimetary, not over whelming the flavor of the meat - as a good filet/steak should be.
We were pleasantly surprised to see they accept credit cards as most BYOBs don't.
Service was pleasant and attentive.  My friend's and I tend to try different BYO's on a regular basis.  This is one we decided last night we'll be back to sooner rather then later.Wonderful!  Went there for my birthday, they brought us a little dessert that was great.  I got the steak which was fantastic and we split appetizers all around.  Everything was great.Ummmm amazing.
Me and the babe went here on a Friday and it was literally the smallest place I have ever eaten besides Little Fish.  The server was cool and accommodating.  We heard the scallops were fab so we split that and I absolutely concur.  There was an  wonderful crispiness on the outside but were so tender and explosive once bitten.  Holy crap it was good.  For entrees, the man got the chicken with cheesy risotto and I ordered the sea bass.  Honestly, one of the best pieces of fish ever and it was served with a not typical accompaniment of lentils which I ate every last one of.  The chicken was superb for a chicken dish mainly because the sauce was out of this world.
This place is a great little BYOB.  I want to come back once a day to get just one scallop because I do not think I have ever tasted anything so divine.  They have a sweet little setup and and awesome chefs.  The place is great for a date night but they even had a party of eight that was seated comfortably.  
Awesome.The girls and I had such a great Friday night here. 
Princess got the scallop starter, it was amazing but there was only 2. For the entree she got the chicken with risotto again which she loved.
Baby girl got the onion soup for the starter and the steak frites for the entree which were delicious.
I got the tuna sashimi for the starter and this time I got the burger for the entree which was really good. 
As always we all had a fun evening, the food was great, the staff was attentive and we left full and happy.The new E Passyunk spot is allowing them to grow.  The wine list is as simple as there name, very approachable.  The food is gourmet without being over the top.  The service is top grade.  And the place is inviting, cozy and cute.
The staff is awesome, and really chill.  This is the sort of place you want to be a regular at.I decided to surprise my uncle, who chose to dine at Salt and Pepper for his birthday.  I called the restaurant earlier that day and pre-ordered two desserts to be delivered to his table at the end of his meal. I gave the hostess my credit card. Although I was told this would be "no problem", low and behold, the desserts were never delivered.
Later that evening, I called and asked to speak to the owner to determine what had happened. He was short with me, could barely apologize, and reefused to tell me whether or not my credit card was charged. 
Needless to say, I wont be giving this establishment any business. So much for customer service!I had a later dinner on a Friday night with a party of six. I would give this cute, tiny BYO four stars if not for a rude patron that ruined my night...which was no fault of the restaurant or anyone who worked there but unfortunately penalizes the restaurant in my eyes. I had a pasta dish for my appetizer and the sea bass, with a delicious lentil accompaniment, for my entree. Both the appetizer and entree were exceptional. My dessert was creme brulee and it left alot to be desired. I complained to my waiter, in what I realized later was not the correct way to complain, and was scolded by another patron who apparently felt it was his business what I thought of my meal. The waiter seemed to take my complaints personally which I thought was odd. Having worked at a restaurant and being at Salt and Pepper with several other current chefs/servers/bartenders, I was somewhat taken aback by the waiter's response. All in all, it was a good experience until the end of the night. I would go there again because of the food and the byo status but am ambivalent that I would be accosted again by a patron.Five stars all the way. Everything that comes out of the kitchen is delicious from start to finish. We have only gone twice, in the last three weeks. Tonight may be the third time. Scallops, Lamb chops, Creme Brulee, Ahi Tuna, Chicken, Veal chops. We basically ordered the whole menu with a party of 4 and licked the plates clean. 
Don't miss out. No need for further detail, everyone else has written them out for you.Some of the food has been great, but I don't know what people are talking about with that weird olive onion soup. That's terrible. The wine selection is great, the people are great, but can you please make it a little more lively in there? I feel weird talking at a normal volume. That's not something that makes me want to come backHave you ever reclined seaside watching wind compete with gravity for the attention of the waves. Enter the dark clouds, to paraphrase Hemingway, gradual at first then all at once. Your moment ruined, disappointment chills you much more than the wind.  Not much in the scheme of things, but grim for the moment.
   This was unfortunately our experience at Salt and Pepper. We were greeted warmly and enjoyed a cocktail or two. We also enjoyed our appetizers, especially the pineapple and beet salad.  Enter our entrees like the gathering clouds.  Two steaks ordered medium served well done. A burger medium served so well done it was rendered flavorless. This is no tragedy, it happens and you can make a fuss or not. My wife chose not.  After the meal was over, our server asked if everything was to our liking.He did not need an answer to know something was wrong. My wife's expression and the amount of food left uneaten said it all. He asked what was wrong and we told him. He insisted on taking the burger off the bill. We assured him it was not necessary, but he stood firm.  After that we were treated like an imposition. You would have thought we had insulted his manhood. The chill that fell over the restaurant was enough to turn a wedding to a funeral. My wife felt as if she had done something wrong, We left feeling sour, and not interested in going back.
Overdone food is forgivable, taking it out on customers is not.This place was a real disappointment. The dining rooms/bar are stylish and pleasant enough (if very loud) and as we sat down, I had a good feeling about the place. But the food is boring. The menu itself seems boring/uninspired/ordinary, and our food wasn't very well prepared. At our table two of us ordered burgers, and both were incredibly overcooked. The fries were pretty evidently frozen. This is a great town for burgers, but this wasn't at all a good version. And we paid a lot for it. This is a pretty expensive place by Philly standards, and not as good as the food down the street at the POPE. Our waitress was very good, but it seemed like whoever is at the helm just doesn't care. Mediocre and disappointing. They could be great if they wanted to, I think.The meal was expensive and a bit slow to arrive but the atmosphere was nice and the bartender was very friendly. And when dinner arrived the tuna steak was perfect. Definitely going back.This tiny BYOB in Bella Vista is know to residents all around the neighborhood, but we like to keep it our little secret.
The dining room is big enough to fit about 6 tables at most, and the dining room shares the space with a tiny little kitchen. The owner of the restaurant is also the waiter.
Food is meticulously prepared and presented and they are always experimenting with new foods and ingredients. This is the perfect place for a date or to chat with friends over a bottle of wine.I had to write this review because of the great taste of Evert single thing I ate. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the gravy made my mouth whistle with joy. I have to give the waitress a perfect score she was great. Welcome to my new place to eat out and enjoy it.The menu is rather small but the dishes are excellent.  The pan seared scallops appetizer is very well-seasoned with a delicious vinaigrette and cooked to just the right mix of tenderness and crispiness, and the beet and pineapple salad offers quite a nice twist for the palate.  The rack of lamb was very flavorful and succulent and paired perfectly with the creamy risotto.  The branzino was also deliciously seared to perfection, and the creamy cucumber coucous was surprisingly good (I didn't expect it to but it was).  The desserts are just okay and not on the same level as the entrees and appetzers.  The dried cherries and cranberries rice pudding was slightly tart but edible.  Service is great - not overbearing but still attentive.  Definitely recommend.Cute place
Delicious food and excellent service. No longer a BYOB though
The steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked. Exceeded my expectations
 The calamari salad was disappointing but the fantastic flour-less dessert made up for that.Simply well done! The food was elegant and delicious. Service was on point and the climate was cozy and inviting. Went with a group of 7 and everyone loved the food and had a great time!I was pleasantly surprised recently by this little place that I didn't know existed - prior to visiting! I actually was here in October for a Witch Hat Beer Crawl - or something like that - and we ended up spending most of the evening here.
They had $3 Wild Onion (Chicago) pumpkin beer cans - surprisingly good - and a plethora of $3 appetizers. The staff here were all friendly and welcoming to their large crowd. The restrooms are in the back, downstairs, and not too easy to find. 
Next time I'm in the area, I'll be sure to stop back by!Lovely space.  I went with a group of 10 and we were seated on the nice sized room on the second floor.
I had that night's duck special which was a perfectly prepared duck breast in a sort of oriental sauce (think 5 Spice Powder & ginger).  Served with sautéed bok choy & other veggies and a slightly spicy fried rice.  Definitely a thumbs up.
They have a full bar but on Tuesdays & Wednesdays they honor their early days by being BYOB.Simply outstanding.  It is hard to believe as you sit in the dinning room that bustling Passyunk Avenue is right outside.  The quaint atmosphere makes you feel like you are in a classy country inn.
My appetizer was Tuna tartar with wasabi and mango.  Each of the ingredients was vibrant and fresh, standing on their own while meshing on the palate.  I would eat this every day for the rest of my life.
Entree was NY strip with smashed potatoes, demi-glace and chive oil.  Cooked perfectly and absolutely delicious.  And huge...I left sufficiently stuffed.
So stuffed, in fact that I had to pass on dessert, but I will certainly be back to give it another go.  Perhaps I will sit at the bar, which seemed to be inhabited by locals and offers TV viewing.  An upscale alternative to a Phillies bar?Service was great, food was simply amazing. We had the seared foie gras appetizer which was one of the best dishes I've had in years. The portions were generous and the Coq au Vin and Steak Frites were classically done, perfectly cooked and seasoned well. Only (slight) negative was that the French fries didn't seem to be homemade, but not a big deal. The prices are quite reasonable, especially on wine. The bill came in well under what I had expected. We'll definitely be back.I singled out Salt and Pepper while choosing a place to go while my parents were in town, and I succeeded in picking the best! 
Salt and Pepper was perfect for our party of four, but I noticed it worked out well for the table of 10 as well as the couple enjoying a romantic meal.
The filet, honestly, was the best filet i've had in a long time - and i've ate a lot of filet in my time. The temperature was just right.
The produce was fresh as possible.
The no corkage fee also is great considering my family drinks enough for a party of twenty.
Salt and Pepper is one of those places you need to go to if you're looking for a great atmosphere and fabulous food!
All in all, great restaurant!4.5 stars. I really love the sauces here. I like the owner/server too...he knows what he is doing. It's a tiny little place, but the food packs a serious punch. Every dish we had was exciting. I came with two friends and after each bite we would all smile and make happy noises. When I go out that's what I want everytime.The chicken was perfectly cooked and the sauce amazing, and I'm not easily impressed by chicken.  Gnnochi and Scallop appetizers were wonderful.  The desserts were the perfect size and delicious.  Everyone at my table left happy and full; I would jump on any opportunity to return and prove it wasn't a one-hit wonder!  Delicious!did craig lebon really give this place a bad review? just shows how irrelevant he has become. what do you expect from someone that loves him some stephen starr? anyway... YUUUMMMAAAYYY. Myself and 2 friends went on a wed night. first, the place is adorable. sleek and cozy.not pretentious. very warm and welcoming. i know there was another floor. but i didnt make it upstairs. it had a nice bar crowd of professionals and we were seated in the window which was perfect for us to people watch right on passyunk. altho its not a family style kinda place, we treated it like it was. we odered the first round of aps. gnocchi, scallops and a hummus dish. everything was amazing. we acted like animals. i dont even think we spoke to each other or looked up from our plates. then the main courses of lamb chops that were cooked to perfection, a bronzino to die for and we also got the special of the night, which was soft shell crab and cous cous. again, we ate like it was our last meal. there was nothing left on our plates. it was almost embarrassing. as if we need to be any more gluttonous, we got dessert. a banana split, cheesecake and some choc cake. also with coffees and sides of booze. at this point, i couldnt ingest another thing. the service was attentive, friendly and its nice when you can tell they actually like being there. im looking forward to going again. another reason to not go into cc. too much sexy on passyunkSalt and Pepper is the perfect way to describe this understated gem.  The flavors are not in your face, but are subtle and amazing.  The dishes are all American favorites like chicken, tuna, salmon, hamburgers and steak frites, but these classic dishes are turned into something special.  The chicken comes with risotto which was creamy and delicious, the tuna has a hint of wasabi that hits you very mildly after the fact.  
For appetizers, we shared the onion soup and gnocchi.  The soup was awesome again a perfect twist on a classic with a crustini and cheese on top and the gnocchi was perfectly salted with a dried piece of beef Carpaccio.
For desert we got the banana split and it was so big, certainly enough for a few to share.  It was highlighted by delightful candy-coated walnuts, caramel and fresh banana.  Go here for a girls night or a romantic date . . . you won't regret it!  Tues/Wed are BYO, but the wine list is great with reasonable prices.We have eaten at Salt & Pepper a number of times, and we have NEVER been disappointed.  In fact, we had both our wedding ceremony and reception in the upstairs space this past weekend, and it was wonderful.  The space itself is great, and even though it was packed, noise levels were never a problem.  The staff members were absolutely amazing, so amazing, in fact, that I really felt like they were celebrating with us while making sure that our celebration went off without a hitch (besides the getting hitched).  The food was outstanding, as always, all the way from the squash soup (made at my request) to the desserts.  Working with Joseph and Robert to plan the event was a pleasure, and Joseph made sure that every detail - flowers, menus, table arrangement, music, lighting, etc. - was attended to.  We were treated with consideration and kindness at every turn.  Our sincere thanks to everyone at Salt & Pepper; we look forward to many more meals with you.My boyfriend and I ate here and enjoyed a lovely evening. From the minute we walked in the door, the staff was friendly and very attentive. We started out with drinks at the bar, nice selection of specialty cocktails.
The host was a friendly gentleman, who said he was just helping out for the night - he was so sweet and sincere, and took great care of us from the bar to our table.
Dinner was wonderful. We tried different items and shared them. Everything we had was wonderful, from appetizers all the way to dessert. We were not disappointed.
Very romantic atmosphere, great location for a date! If the weather is nice, enjoy a stroll down Passyunk Avenue after dinner and make fun of all the hipsters - ha, ha ....First time we went we had a great time. However our most recent experience last week left more to be desired. The wait for our appetizer took an incredible long time. When it finally arrived, the flat bread, which looked and tasted like frozen pizza that they simply added a couple of extra toppings. I wondered if they just ran out of the actual appetizer and had to run out to acme for some frozen pizza to heat up. My hamburger and fries were great - though the medium was slightly on the rare side. Though my wife's chicken was hot and tasty, her risotto was cold  not even lukewarm, but cold. Simply unacceptable. Though I didn't try the salmon, my brother  took the top off because it was "charred". We were quite disappointed and probably won't be going back unless it is for the burger.This was my first time here and I can't wait to go back.  It is a cozy atmosphere, the dining area and open kitchen are tiny, and the decor is nothing fancy - but it's all about the food.  I'm pretty sure each dish is cooked separately so you will have plenty of time to talk with your party and enjoy your wine.  As an appetizer I had the gnocchi with crab meat in a basil pesto sauce - it was very good.  About 30-40 mins later our entrees came, we both had the rack of lamb chops medium rare.  It was simply one of the fanciest and delicious dishes I have ever had.  Also, save room for the creme brulee!Horrible service!  Waited over about hour to be seated with a party of 10 (with a reservation). Charged an extra $20 on the bill with no valid reason behind the extra charge. 
Definitely not a good place if you are looking for a BYOB.The atmosphere: Intimate.
The service: Attentive but not pushy.
The food: Amazing.
The kitchen: Right next to you.
After striking out at August and Mercato we called S&P at 6:15 to make a reservation for 7:00. We were told to wait for a call from the owner, Rob, who promptly got back to us and confirmed our hasty (and somewhat frantic) reservation. 
Arriving about 15 minutes early we were seated immediately in the almost barren dining room, save for 2 other couples. We ordered the gnocchi and crab meat appetizer which, as reported, was incredible. I was definitely not expecting that level of flavor. 
She got the sea bass, I got the chicken. Both had very refined yet bold flavors. The bass was served on top of a crispy latka and was perfectly cooked. The chicken was expertly seared and extremely tender.
By the time we finished our bottle and ordered dessert the place was packed, but we were still not being hurried out. The creme brulee was textbook and came with incredible, fresh berries. 
Salt and Pepper is an excellent place for an intimate dinner, I wouldn't recommend it for large groups. What I would recommend, however, is not sitting right next a pretentious medical student and his date, who is obviously doctor shopping.Overall disappointing. First time at the new location. The space is nice and the window seat gives a great view of the characters flowing by on E. Passyunk. The apps were good , crab cake and gnocchi in brown sauce with mushrooms. The entrees though were overcooked. I read great things about the burger but mine way past medium as ordered and basically  tasteless. The fries were good though. My wife had striped bass which was overcooked as were the side of vegetables. 
The service was friendly but slow and inattentive. Since this was the night before the 4th of July maybe the second string was on duty? I won't hurry back to spend $110 for another meal like this one.My wife and I had expected a lovely evening out.  Instead, we received a RUDE, horrible, and curt ATTITUDE from the owner himself.  He did not listen to our requests and was extremely domineering.  Second, the service was SLOW, and they mischaracterized how slow the dishes would be - they stated we would just wait 20-25 minutes for a particular dish . . . we ended up waiting 50-55 minutes.  Not even the taste of the food can make up for being treated like second-class citizens.
This is the worst dining experience we have ever had.Great spot on passyunk! My girlfriends and I came here on a weeknight and really enjoyed our meal. The food was amazing and all very fresh. The menu although small had a wide variety of options for all of our different tastes. We had a special
Scallops appetizer and think it should be added to the menu. Our server was great too he was very polite, accommodating, and knowledgable about the menu. Definitely a place to try!This place is a.mazing!
I first ate here several years ago with a big group of my girlfriends, one of whom is a vegetarian.  We opted to do the chef's 5 course tasting menu.
Robert (the owner) came over and asked if anyone had any food allergies, or dietary restrictions, which I thought was very appropriate.
He then had the chef make an entirely different 5 courses for our vegetarian friend. Actually, maybe it was more like 4, because I think the soup was veggie.  Anyhow, this left a wonderful impression on my friend, who always has a hard time finding enough food at smaller restaurants, especially restaurants with set menus.
I brought my fiance' back the next year and we did the chef's tasting menu again-totally different and PHENOMENAL!  The hangar steak melted in my mouth!  Since then, we have brought many, many friends to Salt & Pepper, and we have yet to see anyone leave disappointed.
Not only do they use fresh, LOCAL ingredients but they RECYCLE! This is a rare thing among Philly restaurants and worth noting.  Its a small place and it gets super busy on the weekends, so be sure to make a reservation!