Sampan blew me away. The menu is creative and truly celebrates Asian cuisine, with fresh new tweaks to classic dishes and unexpected flavor combinations for the more adventurous diners. The service is a tad on the slow side, but very friendly and helpful, and the prices (~$40 pp with drinks) are surprisingly reasonable.
We stopped by for Sunday dinner without a reservation and luckily were able to grab seats in front of the open kitchen. It was engrossing to watch as each chef executed different dishes with intense precision and speed. Ordering was a challenge because everything on the menu sounded delicious, and everything being cooked in front of us looked and smelled incredible!
We settled on edamame dumplings, pork bao, hamachi crudo, XO sauce chicken wings, and XO sauce scallops (yes, we really like XO sauce). The edamame dumplings came highly recommended by a friend, and they did not disappoint - the dumpling skin was delicate and chewy, the filling was silky and refreshing, and the sake-truffle broth was the perfect accompaniment. The XO sauce chicken wings portion was huge for an appetizer and with their unique blend savory-spicy-sweet crunchiness, are some of the best wings I have ever had. The scallops might have been our favorite dish of the night, though it's hard to pick because everything was so good! 
Our only food disappointment was the pork bao, which was so greasy that the bun lost its fluffiness. The drinks were a bit mixed - the One-Inch Punch lacked any strong clementine, strawberry, or lychee flavor (to the point that we're wondering if they just gave us the wrong drink), while the Chapter II was great. No matter, this is the first time in a while that I have been so excited about a restaurant - there are at least seven other items on the menu that I cannot wait to try.I really only come here for happy hour because it is such a good deal! For food. I don't know about the drinks; I've only had a house red and it was just meh. But the food! They offer a limited menu and everything is under $5. The portions are smaller, but the food is deceptively filling. I tried almost everything on the menu at some time or another and everything is very tasty. If I had to pick a downside, I would say there isn't a lot of room (and I think -- but am not certain -- that happy hour menus apply only to the bar areas) and my clothes smelled like fried food for quite some time after leaving. 
The best part is that they offer happy hour every day of the week!When I walked in with the gang, we soon discovered they were booked inside from reservations. The 6-8 (or more) tables were empty, but a reservation is a reservation. We ate outside. One fly, but we had fun. The spicy chicken is delicious. One little accident happened. My friend bumped my glass down, it shattered, and the other people dining all turned to look at us almost simultaneously. Luckily, I smiled and was all "Yeah. There was a little accident." Anyway, everyone had a great time. The waitress is lovely. I would say sexy, but I doubt she's around my age. Lol. I recommend going here though.Amazing Asian fusion food! The Tofu Tacos and Pea Shoot Truffle Dumplings were bursting with flavor, but I wish they had more vegetarian options. The drinks were awesome too and I would definitely recommend this place to others visiting PhillySuper good food and moderately priced. I went here Saturday night to celebrate my birthday, it was pretty busy but good thing we made a reservation. I wanted to sit outside for better lighting because it's pretty dark inside but it's not so comfortable when it's busy. I suggest the counter seating where you can watch them cook the food! I would've sat here if I knew it existed but I didn't notice it till after I finished my food and went inside to go to the bathroom. Other than being too close for comfort to two groups of people (It was a busy Saturday night so what else would you expect), everything else was good. The food was amazing, which the portions were just a tad bit bigger, so I can savor it some more. The wagyu beef satay was absolutely amazing, the beef was cooked perfectly and the sauce on top which I think was kimchi was amazing. Crab tacos and bao buns were good and so was the Peking duck. One thing I'd pass is the pad Thai, you can get pad Thai like theirs pretty much anywhere so I'd suggest trying something a little more unique.Dumpling soup was too salty and they certainly don't know how to cook Peking duck.  It is better be called fatty BBQ duck.I came for Happy Hour. The happy hour prices for food and drinks are great! It's a little tight inside and pretty busy during that time, but well worth it!!Went there on a saturday night, sneaked in and the hostess got my sister and I table (Already earned 3 stars there!). We sat by the kitchen table in the back which unfortunately made my clothes smell for the rest of the night but also gave me a close eye view on how the food was made!
We ordered lettuce cups, rocky shrimp (is that what it was called.. too busy shoving it down my throat to think), kimchee fried rice and scallops. let us just say everything was delicious. Coming from an eater from NYC you wouldn't expect a large number of shrimps in an appetizer order but boy we were blown away! Amazing food, the order came out fast and lastly we also had the homemade ice cream as a dessert. we chose vanilla, swedish fish (yes) and honey grahams (even more yes). 
amazing. just simply amazing food, ambiance, service and company around us. It's def a hidden gem. I'm very judgement of asian food since my parents own a restuarant and a buffet but this one is very very good. will def come again if I ever am in Philly again.Okay, I'm changing my review. After many repeat visits I now really enjoy Sampan. They have a great happy hour, and an even better bartender (Amie!). No I did not know her before I met her at Sampan, this is real, she is awesome!!
I am also a fan of their small plates of food. The edemame dumplings are my favorite!!
I think it's a great place to grab drinks and some snacks with a group of friends!Poor service.  Was blatantly lied too while here.  I wouldn't trust them, food is ehhh for the price. Too loud to enjoy the meal as well.Sampan Happy Hours are THE best!  Where can you get multiple full portion sized entree items and an alcohol beverage for at least $15 (including tip)?!  This place.
Must tries: Pork bao buns & Kimchee Fried Rice.  These are my go to items.
I've tried other items on their menu which are the general tsao's dumplings (delicious), the edamame dumpling was decent, bahn mi's were decent (nothing spectacular), and the beef sliders are ok as well.  I've come outside of happy hour and their main entrees are delicious but hard to pay the full menu price when a lot of the best items are during their happy hour menu for half the price.
The best part about this place (aside from their happy hour food), the dessert.  Be sure to try the ice cream as they have the most awesome line-up of flavors.  This place has orange creamsicle, lucky charms, coco puffs flavored ice cream!! To die for on mini cones.  Note: the ice cream flavors always change but worth trying.Been to Izakaya down the shore for an amazing meal, but always find a reason to walk past Sampan until tonight. 
Cocktails were were excellent. The various dishes we tried were very good. The problem was the service.
Our server, was ok, but not not very warm - all business. But what caused us to only tip 15% instead of our normal 20% was: She asked me if I'd like another cocktail, and I said no thanks, and then she picks up my 1st drink and takes it away - problem was I wasn't done with it. She never asked if I was finished with it, or if she could remove it. Very lame.
The other thing that turned me off was a guy server who brought over our kobe fried rice handled the serving spoon in an unsanitary way - his inner thumb was pressed inside the spoon right before he put it in the serving bowl.
Bottom line: Sampan has very good food but is in need of a staff service tune-up.Besssssssst happy hour! Get there early- like 3:45pm hahaaha. Get he Brussels, pork bao, and beef Satay- oh and the edamame dumplings of courseThis is definitely one of the best restaurants in the city. The food is beyond delicious and the service is always awesome. The dishes are basically all Tapas (small dishes) but so good. Some aren't worth their price given the portion size, but most of them most definitely are worth it. My girlfriend and I both love going there!Do not get the Dan Dan Noodles! These are the worst noodles I have ever had. On a positive note, the ambiance is nice.Such a tasty meal!! 
Small plates shared amongst friends is a fabulous way to spend an evening.
We ordered the following:
Korean Fried Chicken Satay
Spring rolls
Rock shrimp
Pork bao buns
Edamame dumplings 
Braised short rib
Crispy Schezuan(sp?) chicken
Fried Kobe beef rice 
Everything was very tasty, and came out in a nice time frame. We didn't feel rushed all! 
It's got a trendy ambiance which is nice, and the servers are very attentive.
This would be a great first date spot. Or eighth date. :)This restaurant is super cool the way that it is laid out. Each floor looks entirely different. The food does not match its price. It is not very good therefore it should not cost as much as it does. We ordered many things from the menu so I was able to try many different dishes. The portions are very small and the preparations were simple. The quality was not great. I choose quality over quantity but in this case everything was lacking.(This applies only to the Graffiti Bar)
What a find! I've always considered venturing down the dark alley to Graffiti Bar as I've passed by, but I never got around to it until we were wandering around after a particularly boozy dinner at Garces Trading Co. I'm so glad we did.
When we first arrived, my gaze immediately settled on the huge fishbowl drink someone was lugging away from the bar. It was love at first sight. A quick glance at the menu and one trip to the bar later, we'd secured one of these behemoths for a mere $30-something (with tip). My friends, who'd watched its preparation, said nearly a whole bottle of tequila had made its way into the vat, though you really couldn't tell since it just tasted like a well-made cucumber lemonade. Fast forward half an hour and I'd definitely found the tequila. 
My only regret is that we didn't stay for the rest of the night. N00b mistake, I assure you. I've learned my lesson.Usually I enjoy a nice tease before the action but in this case...the action was no where to be found!
I went to check out Sampan the Friday of their grand opening.  As soon as I walked in the door I was definitely excited for what was in store. The space was really nice, lighting was dim and the decor was sleek. The bar was full and the tables were all fairly full so I was expecting a nice experience. I was meeting friends for drinks but since the bar was full we decided to get a table and pick up a few appetizers to taste the food. The host was very accommodating seated us after we were able to grab a drink at the bar to bring over.
I wish I could say more about the bartenders, I know it was day one to the public but they didn't seem too personable. The one who served me hardly spoke a word. The cocktails were good and very interesting.  My girlfriend had a Thai Iced Tea (alcoholic-cocktail) and although it didn't taste like a thai iced tea it was still tasty. I had the gin cocktail, the name slips my memory but I enjoyed it, however nothing I'd come back for.
We sat and our server brought us water and took our orders. We had a few apps to share, ramen, satay, cold udon + another dish. We all came to the conclusion that everything was just blah. Nothing special or even flavorful enough to come back for. Our server also brought over another appetizer that we did not order.
She asked me if I'd like another cocktail and I asked her for a suggestion. She quickly responded with the chili lime cocktail so I agreed.
WoOoo was it spicy! I was so taken back by the spice of the drink that I had the server taste it to let me know if it was made correctly. I bartend and really enjoy trying new concoctions but wow...definitely way to much chili in this drink because my throat was on fire. As much as I wanted to finish it because It would have been delicious if it had less chili, our server insisted on picking a different one which was drinkable.
I wouldn't come back to eat but would love to sit at the bar abd taste the rest of the cocktail list. But I won't do that until I find out they changed their music choice! There is no theme or reason that I could find to hear such a bad mix. It went from 80's rock to hoedown country to top 40 with NO transition songs in between...it was almost unsettling to hear some of it. Haha I don't know really, I was disappointed all around except for the cocktail list and decor.
Clean it up a little Sampan and you'll see me again. There is definite potential, you just haven't reached it yet.I really love this place. It's the perfect spot, especially in the summer time, to hang out, get dinner, and chat with girlfriends. The pork buns are amazing. Good drinks, good beer and wine selection and Graffiti Bar in the back has some awesome cocktails. I like the decor inside, but I love this place most for the warm weather season either in the bar out back or sitting outside for dinner. Yum!First of all this could have been 1 star review but my phone died right after I left the restaurant. Now after couple days passed and my hurt feelings subsided and I can write an objective review. I've been to Sampan many-many times for happy hour and one time for dinner. 
My dinner experience was meh...nothing exciting to ramble about. Happy hour on the other hand is incredible.  The happy hour food menu has almost everything from the regular menu and most items are $3 to $5.  You can get 3 edamame dumplings for 4 bucks (Buddakan charges like $15 for the same amount). Pork Banh Mi sandwich is out of this world, probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Kobe beef sliders are good but lack personality.  Drink specials are amazing; those hot bartenders sure know what they are doing.  
Despite the great happy hour, I am not coming back to Sampan because of their rude and unprofessional hostesses. Since hostess is the first person you see at the restaurant it is very important to be greeted and seated by somebody nice. So here's what happened. I came in by myself to check if they had anything available at the bar for happy hour for 2 people. The hostess told that they had two spots open and were going to set set it up for us and asked me to wait on the side. I texted my boyfriend, who was parking a car at that moment to come inside, which he did instantaneously cause he was lucky enough to find a spot right in front of the restaurant. After 15-20 minutes I decided to check in with hostess to see what was taking so long to set those seats.  The hostess told me that she though that my friend wasn't here and she gave those seats to somebody else. I pointed to the direction where my boyfriend was, explaining that we were there all along. She gave me the dirty look, shrugged her shoulders and said that she can put me on a wait list (45mintues to an hour). No apology at all. Now that was nice!Lived up to the hype as an awesome place to meet up for happy hour.  First of all, they have happy hour everyday.  Every.Day.   Which is awesome for people like me who can't get out to happy hour all that often.  Also, the times were pretty good- 5pm to 7 pm.  None of that 4 to 6 nonsense.  And the drink/food selection is excellent.
On my visit, I had a really delicious green tea margarita.  Which sounded strange, but it was really great and perfect for a summer night.  For our food options, my husband and I shared 3 or 4 small plates.  At $3-$4 per plate, you can fill up on the cheap here.  The one dish that stood out for me was the kim chee fried rice.  For $4, it was a massive portion and really tasty.
Other yelpers have mentioned bad service, but our server was excellent and made sure that we were taken care of all night.  Other people have mentioned that happy hour was only at the bar, but we sat outside and it was no problem.  We also mentioned to the hostess we were there for happy hour.
This place gets jammed pack.  We were there at the stroke of 5 and within a half an hour, all the tables were filled.  Make sure to arrive early to get a seat!You see the long list of 4- and 5-star reviews along with plenty of raves...and then you see one long-winded over-the-top super-negative review from an out-of-towner who has written 2 Yelp reviews--both bad.  So take that for what it's worth.  
I want to start off my review with some notes about the staff.  Every single time I've been here, the waitstaff and bartenders have been unbelievably friendly and helpful.  Some recognize me and make sure to say hi even if he or she is not the person waiting on me that day.  And they always ask how our food and drinks are.  When a menu item was changed recently, they actually asked us whether we thought the change was a good idea--and why we felt the way we did!  (Note the chicken wing reference below.)  I have never had a negative experience with anyone who works here.  To the contrary, I am constantly amazed by how nice they are.
Regarding ambiance:  It's dimly lit but not dark.  Even when it's crowded, they somehow maintain a manageable noise level, which actually means a lot because I can't stand noisy restaurants.    
All that having been said...  Sampan has the best happy hour in the city!  It's three hours long and they do it ALL SEVEN DAYS!  (It also extends out back at Graffiti Bar, which is a very cool spot.)  Happy hour features very inexpensive rotating red, white, beer, and cocktail options.  And you can't beat the happy hour food menu!  
The Koran BBQ Beef Satay is always amazing and we usually end up ordering it one or even two more times because we're out-of-control animals.  And because it only costs $3 so, why not?
They recently changed their chicken wings and they're unfortunately not quite as good as they once were.  But as noted above, they actually asked our opinion about the change so maybe there's some hope that they'll change them back.  Regardless of the recipe, you get a healthy portion for a mere $4!
The Pork Bao Buns and Hot Chicken Bao Buns are delicious and, again, a good portion for only $4.
But what we really go wild for are the sides.  The Crispy Brussels Sprouts are just crazy good (and I don't actually even like brussels sprouts!), the Short Rib Chow Fun will knock your socks off, and the Kim Chee Fried Rice is always a crowd-pleaser.  And again, surprisingly big serving sizes--especially considering that we're talking about $4 happy hour side dishes! 
The only thing I've ever been disappointed by was this past Sunday when they just decided not to open at all.  No sign on the door, no recorded message when we called, and no mention of it on social media (in fact, they had posted that very day about the Super Bowl on Instagram and Twitter).  We were baffled by that...and so were the 20 other people we saw try to go in shortly after opening time.  One might argue that restaurants close for the Super Bowl...but one would lose that argument since my group walked directly across the street and ate at a different restaurant!  So for this, Sampan and I are in a fight.  But the fight will end at 4:00 tomorrow afternoon when I walk through their front door!Best place for happy hour, hands down. Best place for sampantini that gets you buzzed in a glass. Best place to just pig out and fall in love with the food. Oh and did I mention they have great fish bowls? Oh yesssssss! I want to marry Sampan and graffiti bar sometimes. Now, I usually get great service, but there was one time I came alone for a quick dinner appetizer because I was tired and wanted to indulge a bit. The one worker that handled the bill was giving some attitude at the graffiti bar, but whatever. That was just once, maybe he was having a tiring and rough night. Food was still good so... It's all about those crispy rock shrimp.We had the taster and it was good. You get 7 dishes total for $45/pax. The dishes are small (except perhaps for the side dish, we had the Dan Dan noodles) so not for the hungry guys. Some dishes were great: the Spanish Octopus, the Hamachi Ceviche. Others failed to impress: Iron Flat Steak, and even the Black Cod (both of them are entrees). But overall, it was a good experience.Omg my cousin brought me here for happy hour for my birthday and the food and drinks were delicious .  I forgot the name of the purple drink she brought for me.  Nice place and I'm going to bring my fiancé soon....They have an amazing happy hour that is everyday!!! The pork potstickers and fried rice I would highly recommend.I came here for restaurant week and was so satisfied with every meal that came with the 7 course set up. The dumplings were amazing. Salmon phenomenal. This might be my new favorite restaurants in Philly.This place is slowly becoming my favorite restaurant in philly. The ambiance here is perfect for almost any type of occasion. First dates, graduation, birthdays, etc. Check out the graffiti bar at some point, its such a cool spot. Their cocktails are wonderful and pair great with all of the food selections. Everything on the menu is awesome, I've never been disappointed. Plates are great for sharing which is perfect for trying a lot on the menu. I would suggest the chef tasting menu at least once when visiting Sampan. Choosing 7 selections for $45 is an awesome deal. 
The reason they lost a star is because they bring each dish to the table as it is ready. I wish you could request the order. 
Favorite plates: Pork bao bun, crab wonton taco, edamame dumpling
Tip: During restaurant week the chef tasting menu is only $35. Make your reservations early!! 
I've been hearing great things about their happy hour specials. I'll be sure to check it out asap!We had such a good time celebrating my sister's bachelorette party here. 
The menu was quickly explained by the waitress and everyone decided to order ala carte and to share around as they wanted. 
I ordered the general tso's soup dumplings, the pork belly baos, and the crispy brussel sprouts. 
I was equally impressed with the soup dumplings and the baos, but found the crispy brussel sprouts undercooked though oddly crispy. Those around me also enjoyed the tuna crisps which were delicious, but also very spicy and the peking duck which was thoroughly enjoyed by those that ordered it. 
Though there was no room for dessert they still brought out two small cones and a sparkler for my sister which was a sweet gesture and continued the festivities. 
It was also very affordable with drinks all around and many different tastes for 9 people it was about $50 per person taking into account that my sisters meal was covered.Cramped seating, very high noise level, food arrives, pretty much at the same time - ala Buddakan - menu reads well ( Pan-Asian ) unfortunetly lacks much flavor. Shrimp dumpling appy got good marks, octopus was very tough and buried in a Thai type curry sauce. Deep fried brussel sprouts missed the mark as did the Korean? fried chicken ( tasted like Jones ) needed salt or something.  Dessert beignets ( Cafe DuMonde' would be ashamed) - small ice cream cones ( maybe one or two bites ) good but not worth the money.  The crowd is basically there to drink - one table near us had five young ladies drinking out of one large fish bowl size gobble with five straws - Club Med here we come.  Save your money.Sampan is such a great Asian fusion restaurant located in very nice area on the city. The tapas were fantastic, and even though it was quite pricey for the size of the portions, it did not make me like the food any less. Specifically, I really liked the lamb satay which was very tender and savory. My friend and I both agreed that the edamame dumplings and the crispy rock shrimp were our favorite from the night; both possessing a very savory, and distinct taste. The Peking duck and pork bao bun were subpar but worth trying. I wasn't a big fan of the crab wonton tacos, but that's just out of preference. 
Definitely check this place out if you're looking to try something new. The decor is also a plus.Great food and gluten free menu. Only negative is that they do not offer nutritional information on their food!The food was incredible. I had the chef's tasting, which I definitely recommend because it is well worth the money, especially for the amount of food. This is also a great date spot option, especially because the dishes are encouraged to be shared. The food is truly unique and I am 100% coming back here.
Here's what I got: edamame dumplings (which have truffle in them and come in a broth), crab rangoon, the korean bbq beef satay, the crab wonton taco, the beef short rib lomein, the tempura soft shell crab, and the crispy brussels sprouts. For the dessert, I got the soft serve ice cream that comes in mini cones - it's really cute!
Everything was amazing, especially the edamame dumplings which I still think about to this day. If you're having trouble deciding a main, the beef short rib lomein was great. The service was spectacular. I was nervous about being seated outside but the server was really friendly and helpful with the menu and patient because I am someone who wants to order everything.
There is no question that this deserves a 5-star rating. Definitely a must-go for anyone in the Philadelphia area.FOOD WAS GREAT!! I really liked everything I tried, especially the edamame dumplings. Delicious! Most of my table of six loved their food as well! The three stars comes because of our very inattentive, annoyed server: Elizabeth. 
Came on a Tuesday night with a reservation for six and it was pretty busy! We were a group of people of color and there weren't many other minorities in the joint. Maybe that's why our waitress was so insanely rude to us but friendly, patient, and accommodating with her other tables in close proximity. 
Please note the rest of the employees were fantastic. They were accommodating and apologetic on a mistake with one of our guest's allergies and took extra care of us. The other servers and water fillers made conversation and were nothing but pleasant. It got to the point where we dreaded Elizabeth coming back. She made us feel afraid to ask questions about the menu or even order anything because everything annoyed her. 
Wish I could say dessert was great too but I sadly cannot because the waitress, when asked to explain the "Vanilla starburst" ice cream flavor, stated simply: "It's vanilla... with starburst." Then she rolled her eyes. 
That was the end for us. A friend who really wanted those adorable ice cream cones opted not to have dessert because of this comment. Sampan, you're great and your staff is awesome. This one bad apple won't spoil the bunch, but please treat your minority patrons better. We are trying new foods because we want to explore - be patient, please.We came for dinner recently and overall were impressed. The vibe is almost a nightclub, modern, and a bit on the loud side. We had reservations which I highly recommend because they were busy. We did have to wait a few minutes after we arrived for our table to be ready so keep that in mind. 
The food is Asian fusion and you can see the influences throughout their menu. Everything is small plates and can be shared. There are two options: order a la carte or their tasting menu which has seven courses plus ice cream. The nice thing about the tasting menu is you get to pick from each section and you probably get your money's worth. 
We opted for a la carte because the group felt they could not eat all 7 courses. I ordered the pork belly bao bun, ceviche, and lamb chow fun noodles. The food came out in stages and was absolutely delicious! The ceviche was some of the best I've had in recent memory. The pork belly was flavorful and the bao bun was so soft! In addition to my food I tried the kimchi fried rice and brussels sprouts which were both delicious! I'm drooling thinking about the rice. The mini ice cream was a nice treat at the end of our meal.  
Service was good throughout our meal. Our server was awesome and paid attention to everything we needed. Definitely recommend this place!I used to ba a big fan of this restaurant! I love the food, but after my last two experiences, I don't think I will be going back. I work in the food industry as an Executive Chef at a restaurant not far from this place. I usually stop there after work to order some food togo. On my previous visit there, I ordered some take out food, The bartender never asked me if I wanted anything to drink or offered me some water. after a short wait for my food, the bartender brought the food on a plate and I reminded him that it was a to go order. I had the Pork Boa Bun and he just grabbed it with his fingers and put it in a to go box. He later came and told me that they are out of to go bags. He went back in the kitchen and brought me a used bag; I still was ok with it. This last experience I had tonight was the worst I have ever had! I was sitting at the bar (right next to the register) when the bartender told me he will be with me in a second. After about 5 minutes I've try to catch his attention to order a beer and a togo order, the bartender finally came and took my order. While I was using my phone, a roach came next to my menu I just got really disgusted. A ROACH on the bar corner???? REALLY??? It was little busy tonight so my order took longer than usual. when I finished my first beer, he asked me if I would care for a second one and i said no! in the meantime, my food was put on the bar corner and I still waited about 5 minutes and even had to catch his attention again to bring my food over so i could pay and leave. He seemed really busy trying to get to know the girls seating next to me. I finally paid for my food and left. After losing my appetite thinking about how bad the kitchen would be if they have roaches at the bar, I gave my food to a homless. I really love the food there but I'm not sure if I will be going back. Shame on you !!!!Love this place- the food is delicious, the menu has a lot of options without being overwhelming, and there's a very cool atmosphere. I really enjoy my meal here every time!Went to dinner with 10 of our friends. We had arranged to be served a continuous offering of appetizers so that we could try many different menu items. The food was great, the drinks were fantastic, and our server Samantha was fabulous - she took care of everything for us and made it a really wonderful experience.Delicious food and a fun atmosphere! I always enjoy going here with friends and making great memories !Was here to celebrate my 21st on 3/3. It was 6 of us. We had AMBER & she was amazing. We asked her so many questions and she was so helpful and didn't make us feel stupid. She had good recommendations and was super attentive to the table. There was not an empty glass or plate sitting on the table for literally more than a few seconds. The open kitchen to table concept makes everything hot and fresh. The General Tso Soup Dumplings, Rock Shrimp, Crab Wotons and Shrimp Pad Thai were specifically amazing. The drinks were fresh and delicious. Very memorable time! Get the dessert sushi!!! Definitely make a reservation -- over 2 and 1/2 hour wait without one!!Yummy!
Went to Philadelphia for one day/night as a stop on the way home from lancaster.  For dinner we couldn't decide where to go as I wanted Sushi but my boyfriend wanted Thai so decided Asian Fusion would work.  First, fun vibe inside and a 5 minute way with no reservations, no big deal.  We actually went to the bar while waiting, it was 5 to 7 and the bartender suggested to order off the Happy Hour menu as we still had 5 minutes (this I would never ever expect a bartender to suggest!)  Our table was ready before the drinks even came out, that was fast, so we brought them back to the table.  I am really slow when it comes to ordering but the waitress gave helpful suggestions.  What I did not like is I order slow and not all at once but here they want you to order everything at once.
We ordered Wasabi dumplings, General Tso Dumplings, Chicken Bao Bun, Tuna Rice Cracker, and Crab Wanton Taco.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  I did not like how everything came up so quickly one after another, I wish they each came out slow so we could finish one at a time so positive for the food negative for the way they have the service structured.Ordered the shrimp and lobster dumpling, the Kobe beef fried rice, banana split. The food was decent but nothing to write home about.Walked by before going to show at Forrest Theatre and decided to try. Glad we did. Food was great. I don't think it was amazing, blow me away type of food. but it was certainly delicious. The kobe beef fried rice and the brussel sprouts are winners! Also tried the spring rolls, and general tso soup dumplings. Both good. I would come back just to try some other menu items. very affordable, small plates. Our waitress was Daniella and she was excellent. Very attentive, friendly and just a nice person.Don't make a reservation for this place. 
This is the 2nd time this has happened to me, the first time I didn't care much but the fact that it happened TWICE, ridiculous and unprofessional.
The first time: I rang them up and made a birthday reservation for a friend, we showed up at the place and they told us they were booked for a private party. I was angry since I made the reservation for a special occasion but we didn't want to ruin our moods so we went elsewhere.
The second time: Made a reservation for dinner, they said we were all set. Same thing happened again.... but thankfully we went down the road to SUGA, much better food than Sampan. SUGA also had amazing staff, they were super friendly and gave us complimentary drinks!! Would recommend SUGA over Sampan any day, don't waste your time on this place. 
Who does that anyways? Do you not have the decency to call up the person and tell them that you're booked for an event in advance? Super unprofessional, they weren't even apologetic about it, acting like they did nothing wrong and that we were supposed to know about it!I had a really nice time stopping here for dinner and the service was pretty much stellar. The wait staff stoped by often and the mahager of the front of the house stoped by out table to check in with us which was cool.
As for food, the rock shrimp are great, but i have to say this dish is a little common, it's the General Tso's of shrimp....it's really tastey but do you really need it again?
The Pork Buns are awesome....i could eat a dozen of them, and i really liked the Lamb satay which is really a lollipop chop... they're awesome....and i would be happy eating just the lamb and pork buns....and writing about them makes me want them.
We  had Kim chi stir fry rice too, no meal is complete with out rice, and Kim Chi makes it all the better!!!We had a wonderful time here a few nights ago!  After we got over some hostess drama, we got seated in the happy hour bar area overlooking the kitchen. Happy hour is 4-7 everyday.  Get here as close to 4 as possible. There is VERY limited seating for happy hour - good for two people, it's bar seating, no tables. We ordered almost everything from the happy hour menu including the specialty cocktail of the day.  Our favorite bites were the Korean BBQ beef satay, edamame dumplings, Kobe sliders, pork bao bun and the Kim Chee fried rice.  The four of us including my spouse and 2 children had a blast chatting with the chefs - they were very nice to my kids.  Elizabeth our server was amazing. She was attentive, easy going, and suggested great items.  The happy hour here is really the best deal in town for the quality.  We were stuffed when we walked out and very happy.  I live in NJ but would def come back and eat here if in the area!Went to the Graffiti bar out back for happy hour the other day.  It was a little hard to flag down the server but we were later told we were supposed to be ordering from the bar anyway.
The vibe was pretty cool - teeny outdoor space down a teeny alley.  Bar, long table, some seats on the side.  It was chilly that evening but the overhead heaters made it a-okay (at times too hot, at times not quite hot enough but overall just fine).
I arrived and ordered a beer and a few of the happy hour app specials.  There were a few vegetarian options which always makes me happy.  I got the $3 Tofu Satay, $4 Edamame Dumplings (sans broth), and the $4 Mushroom Dumplings.  The tofu was so so, the mushroom dumplings were good, and the edamame dumplings were holy shit incredible.  I would eat these every day.  Many times over.
There was some nice eye candy tending bar and the movie quotes piped into the bathroom were a cute touch.The review you are about to skim/skip is for Restaurant Week, Fall 2012.
Like the last restaurant I reviewed (Union Trust), Sampan has been on my hit-list for quite a while. The main difference between my yearnings is that in the case of the Trust, I knew it as "Union Trust, that steakhouse I need to try NOW", whereas prior to last Friday, I only knew Sampan as "that cool looking, constantly overcrowded place a block away from Barbuzzo". It was by pure ignorance-flavored serendipity on my part that the delicious-sounding Asian fusion restaurant I read about online just happened to be this place. 
Also, like Union Trust, Sampan boasts extremely high production values. Subtle neon backlights provide illuminating accents to nature-based wall art while choreographed clean-cut servers and line cooks zip back and forth and yuppies satiate themselves alongside their ex-yuppie parents. Aside from polish and enticement ability, Sampan and Union Trust have little in common. Of course, "little" is greater than "nothing", and that little thing that they have in common is actually the kicker here - like Union Trust, the food at Sampan is merely decent despite being well-made.
First, the good. Whatever complaints other patrons on this page had about the small portion size is irrelevant for purposes of restaurant week. I found myself unable to put away the six courses (five dishes plus dessert) I was given, which is saying a lot because my appetite can be best described as Borderline Competitive Eater. YMMV, however; I deliberately chose the largest dishes (kobe beef fried rice, filet mignon, rock shrimp, etc) for my excursion. You can do much worse both in terms of both quality and quantity for $35. The service was quick and attentive even on the pressure cooker clusterfuck of a night when I attended, so hats off to the staff on that one. Finally, the dessert (two mini soft serve ice cream cones was great. 
As for the bad - the food was a bit less flavorful than I expected. I don't see the point to singling out particular dishes because my taste buds were asleep throughout the meal. The five courses were pretty much amounted to a chorus of "decent, had better"s. I don't think any of this is an issue of lack of care or poor execution, but rather the fact that the executed item just didn't impress me, regardless of the obvious effort put in. As I was eating, I found myself floating off into an opposite world where the meal in front of me had more spice, more heat, more depth, and more something-other-than-competent-middlebrow-fare. Oh well. Sometimes things just don't work out even when nobody is at fault. That applies to many things in life, really.Definitely a very interesting place. It's a true Asian Fusion restaurant where combines the eastern and western style of cooking very well. It is on the expensive side (each appetizer costs 7 dollars-very small portion, entrees about 15-25). Some highlights of the meal were calamari salad, pork bao bun, and pad Thai. Do not recommend the schzuan chicken. Will be back to try more items.Most awesome happy hour deal in town with delicious and plentiful Asian Fusion dishes! We ordered almost everything from the HH menu. My favorites were: kobe sliders, Korean BBQ lettuce wraps, and edamame dumplings.- - - Review on Happy Hour Only - - - 
Came here for Sips, I know it gets crowded so we planned to arrive early. Got there around 4:45 and had to wait about 20 minutes for seats at the bar. I had a glass of Chardonnay and my mates had the peach and lychee sangria which was very sweet but refreshing. Bartenders were very nice and attentive and brought us water without having to ask. We split the Brussels sprouts, chicken wings, and kimchi fried rice. All of which were good, but I wasn't blown away by the flavors. The wings comes as an order of 5 and I always kind hate it when food comes out in odd numbers because it makes it harder to share, but I can't really ding them for that because they were only $5 and they were crispy. Brussels were the most flavorful item and came as a nice portion. I didn't really get any kimchi flavor with the fried rice, but the over easy egg on top was cooked right. 
Overall, I'd say 5 stars for the waitstaff, but just 3.5 for the bar menu. I'd come back but only to try dinner or have a quick drink. And be prepared to wait during Sips because this place is a popular spot.My first time here was our company's holiday party: the food was good, but there was some chaos about working with a group our size. I decided to give it a second try, with a smaller crowd--a table for 2 on a recent night out with the boyfriend.
The edamame dumplings were very good, though very rich, with a pronounced truffle taste. The crab wonton tacos were delicious--the best dish of the night. But, the broccoli was overcooked; the shrimp fried rice was greasy and tasteless; and the dessert was a trio of chocolate mousse that wasn't worth the calories. Did we hit it on an off night? I don' t know, but with the surrounding options, I'm not sure I'll give this place a third shot.Sampan feels more experience-centric than focused on food. Not necessarily a bad thing, but the experience has to be just right if you're playing that game.
Unfortunately, for us, the experience was a little too loud, too busy, too crowded. Pair that with the pricy but average pan-asian food, and the outcome is kind of meh. I would recommend Sampan for a fun happy-hour/drinks, but maybe not the full meal deal.
They do have a 7 selection tasting, which is priced, decently, at $45. Worth checking out if you end up here. Also, the filet was fantastic, if a little small. Highlight fo sho.Really nice asian fusion tapas.  The ambiance is simple, but pleasant -- a bit noisy due to hard finishes.  Enjoyed all of the food here and a nice mix of flavors.  Would definitely try again.Great food! Great drinks! 
Happy hour specials very good. Will recommend Honey whiskey jar.Went out with two colleagues while at a conference and ended up at Sampan mostly because El Vez's wait was too long. SO glad we ended up here. 
We went for the chef's choice version of the tasting menu (well worth it) and tried all kinds of things, from rabbit spring rolls to rock shrimp. The service was phenomenal (thank you, Mark!) throughout the whole meal, the food was fresh and well-prepared with zero exceptions. At the conclusion of almost a week eating all over Philly, I can say that this was the best restaurant I visited.After hearing nothing but good things about Sampan, I finally got to see what the hype was all about. If I'm being honest, I have to say that it wasn't the incredible experience that I had hoped for. All in all, great food, slow slow service. 
Came here with a group of 6 for dinner on Friday night during restaurant week. Our reservation was for 9:45 PM (we were all ok with a late dinner) but we were not seated until 10:15 PM. By the time we got to ordering, we didn't have our first item until closer to 11 PM, and we were starving! And no one there seemed to care that we were seated late or that we sat without food on our table for 45 minutes. The service was just so slow, we tried not to let it hinder our experience but it was hard not to take note. The table next to us also had the same problem, and explained their frustrations to the manager when she came over to ask about their meal. It might have been restaurant week on a busy night, but they should have planned for that/it didn't seem that crazy by the time we sat down.
Besides the slow service, the food really was amazing. The edamame dumplings and the chicken bao buns were especially noteworthy, but I wouldn't bother with the tuna satay (it was a bit overcooked and dry). I'd like to come back and give it another try, but will be trying many other places before coming back.Sampan has potential, but it's not yet ready for prime time. The banh mi was a highlight with that balanced vinegar/cilantro/barbeque flavor that makes a great vietnamese hoagie. The kobe beef in my salad was cooked through which begs the question: why bother with kobe beef then? 
The entrees were more like large plates and didn't deilver the value for their price tag. My friend's petite filet came precut and they refused to substitute vegetables for the french fries. 
Service was awkward at best. My banh mi mysteriously came wrapped in brown craft paper sealed with painters' tape. As I removed each section (it was cut into thirds), a server would remove it directly from my plate, before I even finished the meal. Our server was an aggressive upseller to boot. 
The space is cacophonous. Go on a weeknight and stick to the appetizer menu. The concrete floors and expansive layout make this more of a group setting than a date spot.Pork buns were good.  The rest of what we ordered was not memorable.
Good happy hour spot but not good for dinner. Too loud and too expensive.  Another restaurant making bank on the "small plates" craze.Potential 5 star review. I only tried a few things on their happy hour menu (which I think is one of the best in the city), but what I did have was great. The Hot Dog was the best bargain, for $2 it is a half sausage dog with fried onions, and spicy aioli. The 42 burger was just that. The meat was very good and cooked perfectly, and there was a little cheese, but it was missing something. Maybe carmelized onions, or a spicy mustard, something. It just needs 1 more thing. They offer a featured beer, and both red and white wines for $4 each. The ice cream's are good, but $2 for a itty bitty ice cream cone is a little much. I would be more inclined to get them at $1 each.
I think I am going to head back to try all their happy hour treats. They are all less $5.Great place! Love the vibe. Good food and great saki!! Great night for a little warm type. I am excited to come back for Happy
Hour!Sampan has one of the best happy hours .monday-Friday from 5-7 you can enjoy a number of small plates that range from 4 to 6 dollars. Since I am vegan I go with the Brussels sprouts ( without fish sauce) which my friend that has had them prepared with the fish sauce said you could not tell difference and the pine nut broccoli . Both of these dishes are yummy and portions are large for the 4 bucks a dish you shell out. My friends rave about the dumplings ( there are a few varies ) that are available also during happy hour. There are drink specials to go along with the discounted food items also. 
The bar seating that surrounds the open kitchen is my favorite place to sit . Upon your trip you must use the restroom and keep your ears peeled !Absolutely delicious!!! Everything we ate was so good here. My husband and I ordered 5-6 dishes and shared. The plates are small; harder to share with more than 2 people. Make reservations in advance. It's always packed on the weekends.I was here last weekend for a bachelorette party dinner. The host and hostess were extremely friendly and welcoming when we arrived and our server did an awesome job making this a special dinner for the bride-to-be. We had a group of 8 and elected to do the tasting menu. The food was amazing. I'm already trying to gather a group to go back again. One awesome thing about the tasting at this restaurant is that you get to pick everything you eat as opposed to chef's choice. This helps on groups where there are less adventurous diners who like to know what is coming up next and are reluctant to try random dishes.
Some of my favorites: 
Edamame dumplings
Pork pot stickers
Spicy tuna crackers
Beef satayWas in Philly for a conference and we held our committee dinner here.  I usually stay away from "fusion" but Sampan is really fun with the chef's different takes on standards.  The space is smaller than it looks from the outside so definitely make reservations.  Our group did a tasting menu - everything was good, and worth trying.  The dishes with asterisks are my standouts.
Tuna tartar**
Edamame dumpling in sake broth**
Crispy Brussel sprouts
Pork bao bun**
Crispy spicy shrimp with chili aoli
Korean BBQ beef satay**
Kale and calamari salad with cashews**
Shrimp and kim chee fried rice
Szechuan chicken
Beef short rib with lo mein
Gelato mini ice cream conesSampan is the place to go for Sips in Center City, Philadelphia! They have both food and drink specials, which in my opinion is essential for a good happy hour. The best part is that it's not just a few things, you get a whole menu of food specials rated from $3, $4, and $5. Bomb diggity.
Favorites:
White Sangria was unbelievably refreshing. Big fan!
Duck Egg Rolls
Kimchi Fried Rice
Edamame Dumplings
Kobe Beef Sliders
Both Pork & Chicken Bao Buns
Enjoy it while you still can! However, if you do miss it, fear not. Dinner here is a must go to as well.This seems to truly be the place to be for happy hour. Hh is served throughout the restaurant, except for the main dining room. We ate our small plates outdoors. The staff was super helpful, efficient, and quick. 
We also tried the graffiti bar. And despite it being packed, the staff was awesome with their service. There wasn't a long wait for anything.Cool place. Had the Pad Thai which was not that great to be honest. Barely had any sauce and was super spicy. Which would have been ok if I knew it would be. Bartenders however were super nice and happy hour prices are good. The beef dumplings were good.Met a friend on a pretty night and thought Graffiti Bar might be nice to try. Bad idea, it was cheek to jowl with 20-somethings and the noise was unbearable as it bounced around the buildings that surrounded the courtyard. Instead, decided to go inside to Sampan (Graffiti Bar is their outdoor space). 
Wow, it's been a while since I enjoyed a meal this nice. This is why suburbanites go into the city to eat. Incredible attention to detail from decor to service to meal presentation and staff. The mood was cool and quiet. Started with a nice pineapple basil sake cocktail, very refreshing and unusual. The menu is this dainty little piece of wood with origami-like folds. We had a variety of appetizers including the edamame dumpings, pork potstickers, tuna rice crackers and hamachi cerviche, all very good but our favorite was the Korean BBQ beef satay, just melts in your mouth. (A few of the apps came with kim chee, which I wasn't sure I would like, but it's not too spicy.) Food presentation was as pretty to look at as it was tasty to eat. 
I would definitely go again.Just loved the Peking Duck. The hoisin sauce was mindblowing. The kobe beef was oh-so soft and juicy! The desserts were so-so. The fried dumplings had some Indian spices, and they tasted almost like "Pakoras", if you know, what I mean. Truly a fusion food place. 
I liked the ambience, good for my rumbunctious two year old. The hostesses were polite and I don't know how in the midst of all the good food and screaming madness, do they keep their smiles intact. Salud! 
Sampan would definitely be on the list, next time I visit Philly.Came here with business colleagues. Decided to just order lots of things to try. Here is what we ordered: edamame dumplings, pork buns, crispy shrimp, kimchee fried rice, Brussels sprouts, duck, and wagyu beef satay. Everything we ate was amazing. Seriously. I love food and can be critical. The edamame dumplings were perfect and tender, in a wonderful broth. Very similar to the dumplings at Buddakan if you have had those. The pork belly buns were delish. The pork was the right amount or crispy and fatty.  Put a bit of sriracha on there and it was great. The buns were soft and warm. The Brussels sprouts were charred, crispy and had a sweetish flavor which worked well. Kimchee fried rice was the slightest bit spicy and a good take on this classic dish. The duck was tender and served with many scallion buns (yum) and a hoisin sauce that paired well. The duck was perfectly cooked and tender. The wagyu satay was just perfection. Again, cooked perfectly at mid rare/medium with amazing flavor. You must get this if you live red meat. 
Bottom line - I would absolutely come back and I  would order the edamame dumplings, pork buns and wagyu satay for myself, and possibly in triplicate for each again. The rice and sprouts were great, but not enough to eat again for me. The duck was similar to other duck dishes I have had, but again wonderful.very trendy, sleek, and modern place from the presentation of the food to the entire restaurant. 
I really want to like this place but the food just wasn't all that great. Two things I remember being good was the bao bun and the crab tacos. Although the presentation was exquisite, especially the mini ice creams but other then that I just feel as if from the price and the little portion you would expect every food to be a mind blowing event but it just wasn't. I remember the scallop tasting really old, we had a group of 8 and everyone agreed that it was old scallop.
The scorpion bowl was way over priced for the amount of alcohol that was in it. Even with reservations, they managed to make us wait 2 extra hours....Maybe it was just a bad day for us. I'm hoping to give this place another try? possiblyWe recently had dinner here on a Tuesday night. Slow to seat even with reservations....which was ok. had the opportunity to check out this yummy lychee spritzer drink at the bar! We were eventually seated for a party of 4, ordered our drinks as we drooled over the menu. We decided to share  8 dishes. We had cheesesteak baos, spring rolls, Hamachi ceviche, seafood har gau, wok charred lobster, kim chee fried rice and crispy brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious and came out at a steady pace. One of the waitresses came by to remove our plates and we thought they were giving us new plates for the beef short rib dish (our last dish we ordered).  About 15 mins later, our main server arrived with the dessert menu. We told him we haven't received the beef short rib dish and wanted to add on the roasted broccoli too. Initially he was apologetic for forgetting the dish and was told another order will be placed immediately w/ the chefs. The maitre d' came over and was very apologetic, offered to remove the dish from our bill and offered us free dessert. We thought, "great, that was nice of them". 30 mins go by....food coming out of the kitchen but wasn't for us. No one came back to the table. Our server FINALLY came back w/ dessert (vanilla & chocolate ice cream cones) and walked away. Thanks again for the dessert...while we were getting frustrated for waiting about 45 mins already. Our server came back and made no eye contact with us NOR did he apologize about the mix up in the order.  We told him (now it was close to an hour) to cancel our dish and provide us with the check because this was ridiculous having to wait for almost an hour for a mistake they made.  He brought the check, placed it on the table (still no eye contact) and walked away.  It was such a disappointing service despite the delicious food the restaurant prepared for us. We were looking forward tasting the beef short rib dish. Some of us have dined here before and had a great experience in the past. Unfortunately we left with the notion this may be our last visit here and may need to spread the news to our fellow foodies out there if they want better service, go elsewhere.As most people have confirmed, the food is good to excellent but portions are way too small and way too expensive.  I like eating tapas but in Spain these portions would be considered mini tapas. If they charged about a third less it would be more appropriate for the size and I'd likely return because most of the dishes were excellent. We ordered 6 dishes for two of us and one glass of wine (I was driving so I drank tap water).  The total bill was $69.  That would not have been bad for a good meal but on the way home, my partner was so hungry we broke our rule about fast food and stopped at Wendy's for a burger and fries...  My favorite dish was the calamari salad.  Close second the filet and pomme frites... We will likely not return unless they lower the prices or double the portions so you don't have to order as many.Did you ever have your server return to your table after you paid the bill, only to basically tell you that you did not tip her enough?
Yes, that happened to me last week when I dined with 7 other coworkers. 
Tip is optional, and I still can't believe she was rude enough to come get more money. I expect more from a high class establishment as Sampan. 
Way to ruin a lovely dinner by leaving your guests with a very bad taste in their mouths.Sometimes I have dreams of their dumplings, specifically the mushroom and edamame. I've had some of the best Korean food in Ny and somehow Sampan has my favorite kimchi rice. Their pork bao bun and Korean short rib apps for happy hour are the best in Philly. The mixed cocktail and oyster specials are also unique and priced just right so you can leave satisfied with money for other splurges. Once summer comes, I'll be posting multiple instagram photos of the mini ice cream cones. This is still my favorite Asian fusion restaurant and HH spot for 5 years now.I couldn't believe Yelp had this listed at 3.5 stars, so I felt compelled to write my own review since they definitely deserve more.
After going to many dinners and happy hours here, we decided to have our rehearsal dinner here.  (Note to brides: this is a perfect place if you are having a large rehearsal dinner--our guests loved it).  Our guests couldn't stop gushing about the food and ambiance.  They were very easy to work with (although the management staff turned over with alarming frequently--I think it's been pretty secure since May though).  
All in all, Sampan is WONDERFUL!  The food is delish, the decor is super-modern, and the waitstaff is solid.  But arguably the best part is the off-the-menu Scorpion Bowl.  It's essentially grown-up jungle juice in a fishbowl with a bunch of straws.  Plan on making friends ;-)I hate to do this, but If you're looking for an actual meal, don't come here. Paid 24 bucks for 3 scallops, literally 3 scallops. Tasted great, but left hungry.Been there twice, love the location and the atmosphere. Food is good, some dishes are really good, other....a bit less. Here is what I loved: Pork bao bun: tasty, didn't expect them to be fried but still very good. Tuna rice crackers, very good, nice bite sized, probably my favorite!! Korean BBQ, on a sweet side but nice and tender, Lamb chops, good, nicely cooked. Kim chee fried rice: very good, amazing with the addition of the spice red sauce. Here's what I didn't like that much: Braised short ribs, meat was tender but again a bit sweet, noodles were more like Italian spaghetti than Asian noodles and unfortunately there was a lot of oil...! Overall good, will stick with the small plates and the satay (the variety is great) and will be back for sure!