This past weekend I visited Philly for the first time and Yelp sent me a notification about this hot, new restaurant called Sandler's. When I say I had two amazing experiences at this restaurant that's what I mean. Everybody working was so nice and willing to answer any questions I had. I first went for Brunch on Sunday and then back again for lunch on Monday. On Sunday, I ordered the bacon fried rice with a fried egg on top. It was STELLAR!!! Might I add, I hate eggs but it was sooooo good. I also had the Greek yogurt parfait which was so refreshing. My friend had the Nutella pancakes and something else that I can't remember but it was amazing. Next time I'm in philly I know where to find good eats.I just wanted to say the customer service is excellent. I stopped by my moms job at Jefferson's hospital to have lunch with her and she recommended this place. However, there was a slight error in my order with my onions rings and Korean wings. I was not going to say anything because I've already begin to eat the food because I was hungry. My mom still called and explained my concerns. They told me to come back and I was given an additional fresh order of onion rings and Korean wings. The cashier girl was really nice and continued to apologize for the inconvenience. Thanks ! The food was delicious and your service is all that ! I will be back to eat at your restaurant!Stopped here for a lunch last week. My husband had a hamburger (his usual lunch choice) and he thought it was pretty good. I ordered a Cobb salad. Now a Cobb is nothing elaborate or complex: iceberg lettuce, bacon, hardboiled egg, blue or Roquefort cheese, chives, avocado, vinaigrette dressing. The lettuce was not iceberg -- it was mixed greens and they were nasty old. There was precious little bacon and no hard boiled egg. I complained. The staff agreed about the lettuce and offered to make it right. I told them to forget it, but they offered to make a fresh salad to go and only charge us for the hamburger. OK. Fine. I got a Cobb salad with mixed greens, albeit fresh ones. There was no egg and again precious little bacon and not much cheese. Sigh. The folks here are very friendly and accommodating, but they really have some bugs to work out. I hope they succeed, because someone needs to give Jones a run for their money and we need good lunch places in this part of town!The food was good; my husband had the chicken BLTA and I had the Bucatini pasta. Sadly, the service was very slow; I don't think the place has sufficient waitstaff and may have been taxed by a very large group of over 15. It wouldn't normally have been such an issue, but we almost didn't make a 7:00 PM show a block away when we were prompt for our 5:45 PM reservation. Dinner was less than relaxing as a result.Omg y'all... just go to Applebee's. At least you can get a dollarita to wash the taste out of your mouth. 
I got:
Pretzel crusted chicken - tasted burnt and flavorless
Caesar salad with dressing on the side- dressing was not on the side and no apology came with that fact just "is that ok?" .... surrrrre
Lobster roll - not sure why this came on a hamburger bun.
Anywhooo not sure why so many people are raving about this place I'll chalk it up to them coming into the city from the burbs and eating there on their lunch break.Excellent attentive service, the tomato soup and grilled cheese pop and poutine were amazing. Coming from NYC, we are very used to upscale-casual americana flavors and dishes but the food here was extremely well done and the atmosphere was sophisticated but laid-back. Loved it here and will certainly return on my trip back to philly!I tried this place out for Sunday brunch last weekend and was really impressed! I literally wanted to try everything on the menu. We also went during prime brunch hours and didn't have to wait! I'll definitely be back.The food was great! The lobster (roll) and produce tasted exceptionally fresh! The fries and onion rings were crispy but still fresh on the inside! You can read more about Sandler's here: http://phillyfoodandbrews.com/2018/07/11/upscale-locally-sourced-comfort-food-sandlers-on-9th/Recently went back to try out the lunch menu, I had the short rib and the bacon on a stick. Both were great, service is always friendly.  I found the bacon on a stick a bit overpriced at 12 bucks.  Or maybe i just cant get around paying more than 10 for an appetizer, that said it was good, and the mustard with it was awesome. I'll have to try dinner sometime, i didnt see a drink menu of any sort. Kind of wanted a bloody mary for brunch.Fabulous burger. Highly recommend the cheddar burger plus avocado. Excellent service. I highly recommend this placeThe Bucatini pasta is delicious and a standout item. Although, I wish it was offered with a meat add-on option such as chicken. I'm not a vegetarian but didn't want to pass on this pasta just for lack of meat.  Ambiance is relaxing.WOW!  My husband and I just enjoyed a wonderful lunch during Sandler's soft opening.  He is a traditional eater and loved the onion soup and burger.  I am more adventurous and had asparagus, kale and corn soup and cheese steak Scotch eggs. I have rarely had anything as interesting as the eggs - deep fried cheese steak with eggs in the middle. It was amazing!  The soup was also delicious.   We look forward to trying breakfast next week when they are officially open.We tried Sandler's On 9th for both lunch and breakfast. The food was good, the wait staff friendly and the atmosphere clean and relaxing. Would definitely come back.This is a great restaurant. We ate here the other night and had great food. I got the roast chicken and my wife got a chicken dish. It was well seasoned, great flavors, and a very accommodating kitchen which is really important for us. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff! Great ambiance. Great concept!The menu looked great and I was excited to try it. I had the butternut squash soup which was over spiced and the lobster roll which had no flavor. The weakest link was the service - we had a party of 7 and first he forgot to put one of our orders in, then we asked for dessert which took so long he was handing it to us in a bag as we left. Even finding him was a chore.  It took well over an hour and a half for lunch.Avocado toast was soooo good! Perfectly seasoned with really nice ripe ingredients. Thanks chef! Service was good too.Amazing find in Philly! Super delicious and creative menu, great service & city vibe! The owner couldn't have been nicer and attentive... give them a try, you won't be disappointed!Amazing food and great service. I went in for breakfast and ordered the avocado toast with poached eggs, it was like summer on a plate. Not only was the presentation beautiful the flavors are so fresh with a hidden zest of lemon. I eat out in Philadelphia at least once a week and this by far is the best food and value I have had in a long time. Can not wait to go back with my husband.If you want a wonderful dining experience I highly recommend this place, food was great, the bison burger was perfect! The wait staff was very attentive and kind. The restaurant is attached to the Franklin hotel so the atmosphere is high end without high prices. Try to stop in when you are in the area, you won't regret it!Plenty of these reviews must have occurred outside of a Saturday breakfast. We came in to a 30-40% full dining area. A server was hosting and running food which is never a good sign. Everything good about this place is nearly impossible to screw up (heating breakfast meats, toast, coffee) Bacon Fried Rice was incredibly salty and my GF makes better fried rice in half the time.  Our service was incredibly slow and we have a high tolerance for waiting after being on both ends of the process. Had to add 30 minutes to my parking app to get the check and a box. Hire more people for breakfast shifts ASAPYUM! We came here with our teenage boys after an exhibit at the Franklin Institute (not within walking distance). Two words: lobster poutine! It was a great starter that my boys fought over. The sandwiches and Kobe dog that they ordered looked great, I had the filet (cooked medium) and it was delicious. In fact, it was better prepared than the filet I had at a fancy steak house in Connecticut last month. Great atmosphere, not too fancy, not too slouchy. I'm glad we passed the bar down the street and choose to eat here instead.Lunch was great here at Sandlers on 9 th street. First time coming here with my co-worker. Lobster roll was good although the roll could have been lightly toasted to make an even better experience. Co-worker had the cheddar burger it was well done and very juicy.First they do not offer alcohol.  Restaurant was completely empty and they placed five of us in a four person table.  I asked to be moved.  Ordered two orders of wings to start, Korean & Buffalo, mediocre.  We left half the wings untouched.  Burger was fine, hotdog was fine, skirt steak was good, both pastas were harder than al dente. Pesto sauce was nice.  Service was good.  $140. I expect better food.Came to Sandler's on 9th for brunch. The service was okay, and the food was good. Highly recommend trying Fat Elvis!I was visiting today 6/30/18 from Maryland and decided to stop here for dinner. I had the chicken and waffle and it was off the hook.They would get 5 stars but let's leave room for growth! This is a 4.5 star review. 
First off, service is great! You can definitely tell it's a team affair. We were greeted and sat promptly and although the person who sat us wasn't our server she was very helpful. The place is nice and clean and although they don't serve alcoholic beverages just yet you can grab something and BYOB 2 doors down. 
Our server, Jordayn, was very attentive. She definitely delivered service with a smile. We even saw a few managers who also came by to ensure we were having a great time and that everything was satisfactory. 
We had 2 starters, poke tacos and Korean bbq wings. Both delicious! 
For our main course we had chicken and waffles, the delirium burger and 2 cheddar burgers. All good was fresh and delicious and presented well. 
We were quite full so ended with a shared dessert because we just had to try it! I'm glad we did...Oreo creme brûlée.  I can't wait to have that again. 
I hope they maintain this level of service and quality in their food. We live in NJ but we will be back and hope we receive the same excellent service and good eats!Newly opened restaurant that opened in my former residence, The Ben Franklin.  It replaced the overpriced Indian restaurant that was located here.  But took a colleague out for his going away lunch.  I ordered the lobster roll which came with a side of fries, no complaints there.  It's your typical lunch restaurant, well-run, clean, good service.  I wouldn't mind coming again for a work lunch.My husband and I stopped by for lunch and had 
a delightful time. The service from Jahlil was awesome and such a friendly atmosphere. 
We both ordered the Fried Chicken and Bacon Belgian Waffles with the PA maple syrup. For a new location finding their way I was impressed coming from NY and the many American bistros we have in the city. I loved the twist on the American classic. We both agreed the chicken was moist and tendered. The waffles was light and a bit crispy, must drip the maple syrup for the finishing taste. I would certainly return to try another dish and have a few rounds of the spice jalapeño martini..I ordered delivery thru Caviar bc of the great reviews but it was terrible. The fried chicken was so heavily breaded. It was all bread and little chicken. We ordered $120 worth of food and all of it was gross.I was visiting today 6/30/18 from Maryland and decided to stop here for dinner. I had the chicken and waffle and it was off the hookI was duped. The bartender (who was very nice but still duped us) said he made a 'mean old fashioned'. When we ordered one at his recommendation - full price since happy hour doesn't start until 6pm and we arrived at 5:45 - it was pretty good. However when we got the bill it was a $17 dollar drink. The bourbon was $8 on its own and the old fashioned (which is technically just sugar and cherries) cost $9 on its own. When we brought it up to the bartender he adamantly agreed that something was wrong, only to double check and be told the price was accurate. He apologized but didn't do anything about it, leaving us in an awkward situation. 
Long story short - don't listen to recommendations from the bartenders there because it'll cost an arm and a leg. Be wary of the happy hour hours.  If you're looking to pay $20 per drink for an underwhelming experience this is your place.The food was amazing - the service outstanding - I will definitely be going back for more! Best steak I've ever had, no exaggeration!!So disappointed.  The bison burger was mediocre.  The Chicken BLT was terrible - chicken was cold, had been grilled at some point but was dry.  The entire sandwich was dry and there was a  tiny sliver of avocado.  The bacon was half done.  The Turkey club was totally dry, no mayo or any other spread, turkey itself was dry and tasteless.  The server seemed much more interested in a table that knew the chef or owner.Our first time at Sandler's and we were ten people deep!! That's was fine at Sandler's because they treated us so well. Great job Nicole!! Food was spectacular! The chicken And waffles was amazing and seasoned. I don't eat pork so they made it without the bacon in it and it still was amazing! My husband loved his cocktail as well. Oh the star of the show was the bbq chicken nachos. Sweet Jesus that was by far the best loaded nachos I've had so far.. A must do!!This one is a solid 3.5 stars. I love love love the fact that this new spot serves brunch all day, a rare find in the area! I've eaten here 3 times in the last 2 weeks (once for takeout) because I became in love with Sandlers. As a self declared eggs Benedict fanatic, I must state that this place has one of the best crab benny's in the area, yet only 3.5 stars overall and here's why:
Dine in service-on both visits our servers were fabulous! Super friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu. During a busy lunch, however, service can be very slow so don't expect to be in and out in an hour or 1.5 hours. 
Take out service-training is needed. While friendly, the person at the register decided to debate with me regarding the fact that the cheddar burger comes with bacon. She tried to charge me an additional $3.00 for bacon that is already included in the price. The manager eventually came and corrected her lack of understanding of the menu items. 
Food- On my first visit I had the crab benny...Ohhlala delish! Everything about the dish was amazing! Second visit, had the cheddar burger to go, another outstanding meal (especially for the price) Thought of ordering the creme brulee for dessert but it is severly overpriced for the portion size. Third visit, OMG what happend?? Both of my co workers had Benedict's and they both received what appeared to be hard boiled eggs! It took so long to get our food that there was no point in trying to send the dishes back. There plates also appeared to be quite skimpy. Another co worker had the salted caramel French toast and said it was only OK, and was lacking in flavor. The saving grace was my order of chicken and bacon waffles, now it was delicious! 
What happened after we made the server aware of the boiled eggs- The co worker who clearly disliked boiled eggs asked to have her left over food packed to take home and was told she would receive a credit on her bill. Unfortunately, only part of her remaining food was actually packaged to go, and two poached eggs were added to her container. It's not very easy to reheat poached eggs so she already told the waiter she did not want them. She would have liked to have kept her potatoes however, which were apparently discarded. To make things worse, they only gave her $4.00 off her check for a $14 meal that she clearly did not enjoy. They did bring ice cream cones for the table, but it would have been better to have comped her meal or at least given half off. We were all given 20% off which was very nice, however those that disliked their food were very disappointed.  
With a few changes, this place could easily be 5 stars (after all they are new). I'll try Sandlers again, but be mindful of going during the busy lunch period.That was the best breakfast that I've had in a long time. There was so much that I saved half for lunch.HIDDEN GEM! Been coming to Sandler's for 6 months now. Excellent food and service. Family owned establishment - owners Paul and his daughter Ally are super friendly and great hosts. Bartenders Gina and/or Mike are there every time I come in and couldn't be nicer. Both of them have great personalities and keep the bar fun. Great place to watch a game and have a good American meal. Keep it up Sandler's!!My first time and I had breakfast. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The food was excellent and plenty. The Decor was inviting and very clean. loved the coffee !!3 start is for regular drip coffee and apple cobbler. Was very exited to try their brunch, I ordered eggs Benedict with salmon. We got a misunderstanding with server,as she sought I ordered regular with meat. It took about 30 minutes to prepare it,which normally should take no more than 20 if it's busy. Wait time wasn't biggest concern,but still. Hollandaise sauce was so sour that it tastes like it was prepared 4 days ago if not more. Potatoes which comes with it on a side also wasn't great,kinda sour as well for some reason.  
Hope you will work on taste and freshness of ingredients to your dishes. Ss I understand,you are new place, so good luck in futureGreat place to grab lunch and breakfast all day. I haven't had dinner yet but that's in the near future. Fresh, hot and great portions. Hip vibe with great music to match. The interior has a very chic and comfortable feel. The bar has a very nice selection of liquors, wine and beer. Nicole, Jordy and Lisa offer top notch service and go above and beyond to insure you have a prolific experience.  That's pretty amazing. No, but seriously. This is one of my goto spots for a quick, fresh meal.  Try the wings, extra crispy. Barbecue Chicken Nachos are a slam dunk and the burgers are thick and juicy.My salad is fresh in a big bowl. The dressing isn't overwhelming and add freshness to it. The salmon is perfectly cooked but small.
The pancakes are light and delicious comes in 3 with home fries. The syrup is pretty sweet so add it moderately if you aren't into sweets. The fries is greasy and mostly burnt.
 My friend's omelette is a little bit too greasy according to her.
I would recommend for sweet breakfast than the savory. They have Elvis pancake with chocolate crunch, Nutella, and tempura battered banana. Sounds yummy.Stopped in for Sunday brunch. I had the chicken and waffles and the GF had the crab Benedict. Both were fantastic. Coffee was good as well as the classic Bloody Mary. Attentive, friendly, and quick service. Highly recommended!I had a work lunch meeting here. 
Ordered a soup and salad combo so the salad portion was smaller. 
Their take on French onion soup - Onion Ale - was very good with a rich deep beef flavor but not overly sweet. For the second half of my l got their  Roasted Beet & Tuscan Kale salad. It was very nice with the tangy goat cheese balancing out the sweetness of the beets and candied walnuts. 
I will definitely keep them in mind when getting lunch in the future especially since they have a grab & go take out shop next door.Outstanding food.  Outstanding service.  Delicious and priced well.  Bloody Mary was fantastic.After the show walked right in. No wait.... cocktails were over the top....service great food just okay!This was such a treat to discover! Went for lunch and totally over-ordered. Nicole, our server was simply amazing and made us feel like long-lost friends. This is what other restaurants should want to replicate. The nachos were amazing and could totally be shared by a table of four. The bacon cheeseburger was perfectly cooked and juicy. The freshness of all the ingredients was apparent in the flavors. This is not like your big chain American food location, it's so much more. I strongly recommend making a point of visiting here, and ask for Nicole--you won't regret it! I wish we had a location in Miami!Sandler's was nothing less than exceptional. The moment we walked in we felt at home. The bacon fried rice and chicken and waffles were nothing I've ever had and would recommend this spot to anyone looking for a great dining experience. Thank you Aly and staff for hosting us!Great trendy restaurant. Reasonable pricing. The grilled cheese pop on a stick to dip into the tomato soup is delicious. Their burgers are very, very good here too. Can't go wrong with any choice. Lots of tables and full wall windows to look out into the streets. They let me put my bike inside behind the counter so it wouldn't get stolen, forgot my bike lock. It's kindness like that which makes it a 5star for me.Great food! Large menu so everyone is sure to find something they like. Service was a bit slow, but food was delicious and they give you large portions. Would definitely go back! Nice cozy spot for American food.Went around 7:15 on a Saturday night. The place was dead but it seemed like forever before someone came to our table to take our drink order. By the time they came over we were ready to order everything. The server was not particularly knowledgeable about the menu. The drinks we ordered were yummy. The bacon app was very impressive to look at. My husband loved it. I got a burger that was definitely good. My husband got the bacon poutine. Less than impressive on that one. French fries with cheese sauce. No gravy. No cheese curds. The music kept abruptly stopping and switching to a different song. Lots of brittney spears, spice girls. Odd choices for a restaurant that's trying to be fancy The food was decent for the most part but I wouldn't go back considering the service and prices.I just finished trying out both The Burger Bar in Chinatown Square and M2O burger in South Philly and didnt like either place. I have been anxiously waiting for Sandlers to open and since I just had two burger disappointments I decided to try their burger and here is the breakdown
Menu--I love how the menu has something for everyone from salads to burgers to breakfast items
Bun-- I am not a fan of the Martins potato roll bun which seems to be the new trend but Sandlers bun is perfectly nice and fluffy like a bun is supposed to be in order to contain a juicy burger 
Meat--the absolute best part because I asked for medium and it was cooked a perfect medium... The burger is so juicy there was literally a puddle of delicious burger juice on my plate which tells me the cook knows what he is doing
Toppings-- I was very happy getting the basic cheddar burger that has bacon on top
I shall return!!beautiful restaurant, decent food. large, appealing menu but strangely empty for a saturday brunch.This was an amazing experience! The food was great and the service was impeccable. Lisa was extremely nice and thoughtful. Please support this restaurant.I am so happy we found this place! My family recently relocated to the area and have been on the hunt for great places to eat nearby. We found a winner! Such an awesome menu of options, great service, and the food was excellent! Will be back on the regular!This place is ridiculously overpriced. I was charged $6 for a side of turkey bacon, which was two slices. The service was really bad and the food took a long time. The atmosphere isn't great, you're literally almost sitting on top of the people at the next table. I could barely get up from my table without knocking into the people next to us. Don't waste your money or time, so many better places in philly.I have to start by saying I'm not related to Paul Sandler, the owner of this gem of a restaurant. I'm just one of the thousands looking for a terrific place to eat in Philly. There are countless trendy options in the City, but if you're looking for a place with a wide selection of American standards - this is it!  I found Sandler's last August when walking to my office. It had just open up on the corner of 9th and Chestnut. A few days later when the folks in my office were looking for a place to have lunch in celebration of a birthday, we decided to give Sandler's a try. We had no idea what to expect. What we found was a menu that had something for everyone, a knowledgeable waitstaff and great food.
This Saturday my husband and I celebrated our 49th anniversary and were looking for a place to have lunch with our children who live in Center City and know all the "in" places. I suggested Sandler's.
From the moment we walked in, we knew we made the right choice. The place was packed with holiday shoppers, but we were greeted immediately by Paul's daughter, who with another daughter, also runs the restaurant. To our lovely surprise we were seated in "her" special area which occupies an exquisite part of the Benjamin Franklin lobby. It felt like we were in a eating in a mansion. 
Sometimes when the setting is beautiful the food isn't. Not the case here! There is a Saturday Sunday brunch menu with lots of unique breakfast style sandwiches, eggs, pancakes, and salads. You can also order off of the regular menu. Our waitress suggested that no matter what we get, we try their special barbeque chicken nachos with a special house made cheddar cheese sauce. They were out of this world!  Everything else we got was done to perfection from the ahi tuna salad, to the burgers, omelete, and the blintz.   
But there is more. When we were walking to our table, my daughter told Paul's daughter it was our anniversary and the next thing we knew, champagne arrived! There we were sitting in an elegant room, with wonderful food, surrounded by our loving family in a restaurant owned by another loving family. 
Thinking this is the place to celebrate our 50th next year!Came here with high expectations and I have to say, they were met. My friends and I ordered the lobster poutine, crabby benny, chicken and waffles, and the classic eggs benedict. The lobster poutine was great and had chunks of lobster claw. The crabby benny had a hint of spice to it and came with a side of homies. The homies had pieces that were burnt and others that were undercooked, but overall was good. The chicken and waffles was hands down my favorite. I have nothing but good things to say about it. The chicken was crispy, the waffle had bits of bacon, and came with a side of maple syrup. The classic eggs benedict was simple, but delicious. The homies were also partially burnt and undercooked for some pieces. Nonetheless, I would like to come back to try foods from their all day menu!This place had the Z Squad on today. And they probably always do. I met up with my wife here and asked the bartender if she has a tasty Pilsner on draft. She was somewhere in her 30s, glasses and long dark hair. And she replied "what you see is what I have." So then I found it on the draft list that's he decided to give me after sassing me. So I ordered it and had to help her find the beer. You should know everything you're selling in a restaurant. And if you don't know, you should say "not sure, but let me check." Don't make the guest feel like they're a burden on the staff. Then another staff member came behind the bar, took a two margarita order from two other bar guests and took like six minutes to make just one of them. The management needs to light a fire under these people's asses, man. They're jokers.Welcome to this place near my office as additional options on this side of market/chestnut st.
Tried it for lunch and they were pretty busy.  The menu is interesting and lots of options.  I went for the steak nachos and the kobe hot dog.
I really liked the hot dog, the bun and the grilled onions.  The nachos could have used more steak, less cheese but still goodOrdered the tuna poke tacos, lobster poutine, pappardelle and crabcakes sand. Here's the verdict. 
Tuna poke (4 pieces) - perfect way to start. Clean, refreshing and good amount of tuna.  Recommend
Lobster poutine -  too salty. Why call it poutine when it's just bits of lobster (not too many pieces) over cheese fries?  Call it cheese fries with minimum lobster.  Do not recommend. 
Crabcakes sand - not too impressed and was around average plain Jane.  Meh
Shrimp Pappardelle - was ok but nothing to cheer too much about. Better than average and my child ate most of it quietly which means it's good enough for me as the parent. Little above avg. 
Reminds me of a upscale but chain restaurant however; the service was good!I wasn't particularly impressed with my experience here. I had high hopes, as it seems like a relatively well to do place and with the prices, I think the food would be pretty darn good. Don't get me wrong, it isn't bad. The tacos were interesting-sort of fried Chalupa type of appearance to the Shell and then some Ahi tuna inside. The choice of the mango salsa was an interesting one.
My steak was a little bit undercooked down to rare when I had asked for medium. I ended up asking them to cook it back again which they graciously did. It was decent but just didn't wow me for the price that I was paying. For your money, I think there are other establishments that Are a better option.We came at 9 AM and at this rate we are going to leave at 11:30. There must have been 6 total tables and 2 staff members. Towards 10 AM there were no more than than 10 tables. The service was extremely slow. It took 20 minutes to get an espresso. My water bottle was never refilled even though my server said she would come back with water. There was something wrong about all the dishes we ordered. The fried rice was extremely salty. My brisket sandwich was 75% egg, 25% brisket. I asked for no peppers, but they excluded the onions, too. It tasted so dry. My partner ordered the big pauly which was supposed to come with tomatoes. I kid you not, there was a burnt half of a cherry tomato on his plate. Both our plates came with home fried type of potatoes and they tasted unseasoned. I bussed my own table as our table was so packed I couldn't eat comfortably. I will not come back. I would never normally write a post this long but I have nothing better to do as I wait for my bill. Since you have to pay for parking around here, I am going to put more time on my meter as well.This place is FANTASTIC!!! From service to menu to ambiance, they hit the mark on every front. The menu reflects a balance of classic gastropub fare with current culinary trends. From what I could tell, they also have every dietary restriction covered - gluten free, vegan, etc. Their poutine section of the menu is fab. Lobster poutine is luscious!!  The best part about this place is that it's family owned and family rub. The manager takes care of you as if you are visiting her home and the staff follows her lead with warm, attentive but not intrusive service. I can't say enough good things.Service was great, burger was amazing, menu had lots of appealing choices for adults and kids. Would absolutely eat here again.This place is an absolute must visit if you're in Philly. Their pountines are to die for if you're a cheesy fries lover. Bria and Allie were extremely helpful and patient with my moderately indecisive wife and me, and every thing came out quickly and fresh. I can't tell you how happy I am with Sandler's. I am not exaggerating when I say this is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.This place blew my mind! My husband and I finally got a night away from our five kids. We stumbled upon this place, which ended up being the best night of our lives! To start, the bartender - Mike made us the best cocktails EVER and Lisa ... she was the icing on the cake. Not only is she beautiful- but also a great cook!! All in all, we will absolutely be back!! Thanks Lisa and Mike!This past Friday night myself and a group were looking for a cool new place to try in the city. We happened upon this place through yelp and really liked the pictures we saw and decided to give it a shot. We were so pleasantly surprised by the experience and it exceeded our expectations. It's also very affordable, and the ambiance was amazing and a good place to catch up with friends. I had the hog burger which was about $14 and was worth every penny. If you're looking for a cool place to go for dinner look no furture.We had a reservation for 9, which always makes me nervous about service and quality of food (everyone getting food thats fresh)....This place delivered! 
We arrived and were immediately seated in our own room, that they closed the doors to, so we didnt disturb anyone, and we were not disturbed, which was great. 
Service was on point, they had a pretty good selection of craft beer, although there were a couple that were tapped. Either way, no shortage of beers!
Food was great, we had a few different apps, although their poutine is not what I would consider typical poutine (no brown gravy, but a ton of cheese sauce). Wings were crispy and we had the korean wings, recommended by the server and they were good, so were the traditional hot wings. 
Main course, everyone was happy, food was hot and fresh, burgers were cooked to order, and huge! Fries done perfect, good flavor and crispy!We've ordered catered food from Sandler's many times and unfortunately the food is bland and lacks seasoning, the chicken Parmesan was over cooked and chewy & the broccoli rabe was straight up burnt. I believe one of the managers names was Lisa and she was great! I expressed our concerns and she welcomed the feedback. She promised to make it better next time and I have faith in Sandler's! However at this time they have a little work to do. 
If you do catering, get the sandwiches. Those are great!!Arrived at 11:30 for an early lunch with an admittedly cranky two-year-old.  Sat at the table for solid five minutes before meeting our server which was indicative of the promptness of the service throughout the meal. The waitress seem to understand the needs of a child as she offered fruit before a meal but even that took a while to show up. Inconsistency is the theme, as the cocktails were not good which with a cranky two-year-old is a must have!  The chicken fingers were amazing as was the salmon.  The flatbread pizza came out almost uncooked as the shredded cheese was still very clearly shredded cheese.Not the greatest.   Place felt dirty and it was.  Sat down in a spill of chocolate something.  No apologies was just told we could move.  Food  ehhh.  Ordered salads and the greens were all brown edges.Is this a chain? It's pretty much the menu and quality of an Applebee's. Sticky floors. Slow service. Inattentive bartenders. Bar prices in the Ritz-Carlton range. I doubt it will be around in a year.I can not even begin to explain how amazing Sandler's is! My husband and I got married at the Ballroom at the Ben and asked Sandler's if they would extend their hours for our 275 person wedding after party. The owner, Pauly, and his staff did not even bat an eyelash! We partied all night long. They even made custom menus saying "Congratulations Mary Kate and Blaze." It was unbelievably thoughtful. They were AMAZING to say the least. They rearranged the seating in the restaurant to clear a space for a dance floor and asked us what type of music we wanted. I have worked in the Philadelphia area restaurant and bar industry for ten years and I have to say the service and atmosphere at Sandler's is fabulous, attentive, meticulously clean and beyond accommodating. EVERYONE was coming up to us saying how fun the after party was. I have never written a yelp review in my life but this staff deserves all the credit! They work their tails off to ensure we were 100% satisfied. 
If you are getting married anywhere in Old City, I cannot recommend Sandler's enough to be your go to location. FOOD, DRINKS, and SERVICE are beyond exceptional.  Their team really helped make our wedding the best night of our lives! 
Thank you again to Paul Sandler and his excellent team over at Sandler's you know how to provide top notch service!Great spot we discovered while in Philly for the weekend. We were able to make a reservation for 630 pm on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. They were suddenly extremely busy because a large group of people came that seemed to be in Philly for a conference and kind of took over the place. It became apparent that they were short staffed and a little frazzled however, they were still very attentive to us and periodically checked in with us to make sure everything was okay. My friend and I ordered the lobster roll with sweet potato fries, which was absolutely delicious!Service was top notch!! Food was not good at all. Quality was low and did not taste good at all.Everything was fine but I didn't think it was anything super special, especially in a city rife with great brunch options. 
Went for brunch on a Sunday. Had to wait for 5-10 min for a seat even though there were tons of open seats everywhere. I believe the owner seated us, and he was very nice for sure which was cool. Then once we sat down it took at least another ten min for someone to come over to give us water and take drink orders. We were ready to order by then so we just ordered at the same time. Again it wasn't that busy so I don't know what the hold up was. 
Menu was a bit confusing as most of the things under the sandwich section weren't actually sandwiches...
I had a platter of scrapple, bacon, sausage, two eggs, home fries, and toast. The sausage was cooked very very well, so amazingly crispy on the outside. Everything else was fine...
Overall meh service, surprisingly hard to hear each other in the restaurant, and food that was fine but nothing special and for a relatively steep price for breakfast. Could do worse...but could definitely do better as well.I'm on vacation in Philly this week. After walking by the Liberty Bell, we pulled up a list of restaurants to eat at that were in walking distance. The pictures from google looked really good, so we settled on Sandler's.
The restaurant wasn't very busy, so we were seated quickly. Service was fast and friendly, the atmosphere was very rustic and relaxing, and I always have an appreciation for restaurants that have glasses for water and wine ready before you are seated.
We ordered a few drinks from the bar, I had the tomato soup with the grilled cheese pop, and my boyfriend got the lobster roll with fries. The food and drinks were really good! The drinks from the bar were kinda pricey, though - two margaritas and a beer ran us about $24. Not sure if they used top shelf on my margaritas. I'm sure there were several other food items on the menu that would have been very good to try, too. 
I would definitely recommend eating here! And I wouldn't be mad to go back and dine with Sandler's again.Excellent breakfast and service. Varied menu, extremely flavorful. Never disappoints!The food is decent here. We always go for happy hour and the service is a little slow, but overall we enjoy the selection and the environment.
The breakfast is really solid actually!We arrived at 6:20 on Saturday night and left at 7:20. WITH NO FOOD! Worst service ever! We told the waiter we had a show to make. He said he understood. We left when he apologized and said we are going to rush your order now. Lots of sorry but not an offer to make it right or a coupon etc. We spoke to the folks that waked out with us and they said they waited 45 minutes. Others who came after us were served. What a mess.