Stopped by for their new brunch menu. As far as I can tell Sarvida has the first Filipino brunch/breakfast in the city. Filipino breakfast is based on eggs with garlic rice along with some salty/fatty meat. Sarvida has a great selection of these "silog" platters available. We had the longganisa (sausage), tocino (marinated chicken), and daing (fried fish). They were all really well done modern takes on Filipino classics. We also had the ube (sweet purple yam) French toast. Everything was great. We will def be brunch regulars.My husband and I had his birthday dinner there recently.  The food was amazing and Lou's team showed such great customer service to us.  My husband felt so happy and special for his birthday.  I highly recommend Sarvida to everyone!  
Regards-  Christine & Michael VirataDelicious Filipino brunch! Parking in the area kinda sucks, but that's Philly. Ask for the vinegar to go with the loganisa and tocino for extra flavorGood Filipino food with a twist. It is not the typical Filipino food that I always see in a Filipino restaurant. The food is
different but interesting. A little bit pricey but I still enjoyed the food.  I ordered the fried pork belly, lumpia, ginataan, & halo halo for desserts.  Clean and nice ambiance, I would go back again.Each item was more delicious than the last and the staff and chef were so attentive and polite. I am so looking forward to coming back.I loved my experience in the place, the food was delicious. Lauren our server helped us understand all the delicate craftings of the menu all the salo salo dishes were incredible and hard to decide between. The space was perfect for intimate gatherings for couples or families. Highly recommendNice-looking place, pleasant service, very tasty lumpia. The pancit was a bit bland--but the ingredients were fresh and can't complain too much. The big problem was the fish entree, which was way overcooked and fried so heavily that it was hard to even break the fish open, and the area around the head was completely burnt. Meat inside was tasteless, there wasn't a lot of sauce to help, and the dish was supposed to come with long hots--but there were hardly any? The dish did come with some rice, which must have been sitting around for a while because both rice bowls were incredibly hard and dry. We did let the server know, who was nice enough to offer us a free dessert (which was fresh and tasty, if a bit bland as well). I don't review much and hate to write something like this when I do, but this entree was $32 and very poorly done. Photo of fish enclosed for reference.A cute addition to Fishtown! From the makers of Perla comes another Filipino restaurant with cute ambiance, great service, and amazing food. Warning: if you only enjoy traditional American food, this place is NOT for you! Our meal consisted of pork belly, lamb, knuckle, pig tail, chicarron, Taiwanese sausage, and whole fried fish, all of which were delicious and one of a kind. Portions are not large, but it was designed tapas style to share more and enjoy. BYOB!Filipino byob from the same team as Perla. Here they are reinterpreting Filipino dishes and elevating them but still delivering classic flavors those familiar with Filipino food can expect. 
We got the chicharron (usually fried pork skin but here, fried beef tendon, very original), tortang talong (eggplant with egg side dish) ukoy (shrimp and sweet potato fritter), and the main chicken course. Every table in the crowded restaurant was getting the chicken and i see why. It was moist, crispy, and I will definitely come back for it.I was really conflicted on writing this review as I had high high hopes for this place. It's somewhere I've been wanting to try for the longest time and it hasn't worked out until a few weeks ago. Unfortunate to say but the fact it was BYOB was probably the best thing about my experience. Well that and the service. We ordered a good amount of dishes probably too much for two people but we wanted to get the full experience. The flavors were underwhelming. It didn't taste special or flavorful as I know Filipino food can be. For the price and the high expectations, we were truly disappointed as it could've been one of our go to restaurants.I celebrated my birthday here at Sarvida this past weekend with a traditional Filipino style Kamayan dinner. The dinner was such an unique experience. They had banana leaves laid out on table with pork belly, roasted chicken, whole fish, vegetables  and plenty of rice and we ate it with our hands. We had a large group of almost 25 and the team at Sarvida was very kind and accommodating with some last minute head count changes. The service was top notch and we all had such an amazing time. To top it all off, the place is BYOB! Come with a big appetite because it's a crazy amount of food.Went here for the Tasting Collective and what a cool little place. Practically right off the main Frankford Ave. strip this spot is serving up some unique Filipino foods. Chef Lou Boquila served us up some awesome stuff. First two plates were the pork shoulder BBQ sticks and the inasal na manok. Both being very delicious and if I had to decided on the two the inasal , which was chicken thighs with calamansi and annatto, won out. Super tender and packed with flavor I could have had 20 of these things. The next dish was tokwa isda which was cured mackerel and fried tofu. Was okay, reminded me of sashimi and went well with the pickled onions. Next was the binagoongan which was fried pig tails. This dish tasted like some yummy chicken wings and if you like those you will like this. The main entree was the bistec and abodong gulay which was ribeye steak and garlicky snow pea leaves. Both awesome dishes , my only tic on it would be on the steak which was overcooked for my personal preference, but it still had tons of flavor. Last was a super weird dish being the Halo Halo. This odd umami packed snowball was really weird, haha. I liked it but definitely hard to describe, I guess you will have to check it out yourself. Pro tip- Halo Halo basically means mix mix, so once you get it, start mixing like crazy. Overall really neat place and makes me want to try out more Filipino foods!This is the first time I tried the Filipino food. I ordered all the food they have and tried it. Salo Salo was nice to try, I love the Lechon Manok, the chicken was tender and juicy, Escabeche was fine but I think they should have more stuff to put around it as vegetables ( maybe for a nice picture lol). The desserts were really good ( not too sweet). I like the way server ( fast and fun). 
An interesting place to try.My boy J sandytoes work here, this place pops! Definitely a must try! The brunch here is great, even though I ain't try it! Give it 5 stars for my boy.I was glad to try this new spot in the neighborhood, as we've been lacking diversity in cuisine over the years.
Sarvida offers a small menu so far and I liked what I had.  I would like to see it expand some and maybe have  some spicier dishes added soon- though I admit I am not a filipino expert and perhaps that's not authentic(?).  The experience overall was good and I am certainly glad they're in the area.  I hope they can adapt and improve to make a good spot a great one.
Service was very friendly and the right amount of attentiveness.Modern decor. Takes reservations. BYOB. Open style kitchen. 
Had the bbq pork sticks- unexpectedly generous in size! I like the sauce. Shanghai egg rolls, chicken thigh, and pork belly were good. Would get the pork sticks and pork belly again. 
Great service. 
Street parking.Four of us came to Sarvida and considered ordering the entire menu.  We did the math and it wouldn't have been that expensive.  However, the staff mentioned that might be a bit too much food.  While they were right, I think we could have handled it.
Since we settled for "nearly everything" on the menu, I can safely say that you'll enjoy your food at Sarvida.  Portions were perfect and we were stuffed with 3 Pulutan, 5 Salo Salo, and 1 Lamesa.  Hopefully my photos help to guide your selections.
On the Pulutan, the Chicharron is so crispy and certainly worth ordering.  We also enjoyed the Binagoongan (pig tails). For the Salo Salo, the Pancit is a must and the portion was incredible. The Inasal na Manok (chicken thigh) was another healthy portion of deliciousness. Finally, the 
Adobong Gulay (snow pea leaves) was a surprise favorite.
Of course we got the Lechon Pork Belly as our Lamesa.  It was everything we thought it would be.  It was cooked just right, so that the skin was crispy while the meat was melt in your mouth type perfect.  It is a must get.
Being too full, we skipped dessert.  It is probably worth mentioning (again) that the staff rocks.  Remember it is BYOB!Went with family and friends for dinner for the first time tonight. All I have to say is WOW!!! Everything was exceptional, from the delicious comfort home style food to the excellent service. From the comfortable seats and decor to the variety of sweet desserts. Everyone loved every bit of it. My favorite was the pork belly and fried whole fish. Open kitchen so you can smell the aroma of the freshly cooked dishes. It was such a great experience. Can't wait to go back again.Amazing Filipino brunch in Fishtown! Offers some sweet modern brunch food (french toast, pancakes), with a Filipino twist. The silogs (garlic fried rice and egg) are paired with a protein, and are very tasty savory options.
Atmosphere: Very clean and aesthetic space, with such friendly staff! Came in with a group of 9, and the waitress was very accomodating of the different times of people arriving. They also offer an open view of the kitchen, which I love. Food generally came out within 30 minutes, though the restaurant was not very busy (weekend afternoon). I'm surprised it was so quiet / not many people - I imagine, as more people hear about Sarvida, this place will be much more full for brunch! 
Food: You're able to order some of their meats (longanisa - pork sausage, and tocino - chicken) as sides. We had the cornbread babingka - it's made with sweet flour, and had a nice buttery taste. As a savory option, the daing is a delicious fried fish and the tocino was amazing - a sweet sauce, and quite a large portion size of protein! For a sweet option, I recommend the ube stuffed french toast - first, because it looks so beautiful, and second, the ube (sweet potato yam) adds such a tasty, yet not-overpowering, sweet note to the french toast. So filling!! 
Recommended Must-Try: I'd go back for more of the ube, 100%. 
Overall: 5/5 - loved the space, loved the food, loved the service! Honestly no complaints. I'm surprised there weren't more people - such a delicious option for Filipino food, and having audible conversations with friends!It's not your traditional Filipino dish but my goodness it's delicious love the eggplant appetizer which was my mine mealGreat breakfast and brunch- we had the longanisa, tortong, and Ube French toast and they were all solid! Friendly staff, quick service. Would definitely returnHad a pretty sub-par experience with this new place. I was excited for a new Filipino restaurant coming around to this part of town because it's hard to find. My group ordered a couple appetizers and a couple entrees to share amongst us since it is family style. 
Service was great, they were very friendly and informative and helpful.
Speediness of the meals was very subpar. It was not a busy night at all, the restaurant being at half capacity, but it ended them taking around 25-30 minutes from order to get our entrees out.
Unforunately we were disappointed of how small the portions were, even for family style. Didn't believe that it was really worth the value per plate. The lamb shank in particular stood out for me because for a shared plated, we were only afford maybe 70% of the bone and 30% of it actual meat, that's on the generous side.
We left feeling hungry. I'm not sure if I would return, but it was worth the experience for sure.This was my first time going to a Filipino restaurant and it was such a great experience. The food quality and portions were fantastic. We went for brunch and had the tocino plate that came with fried rice and a sunny side up egg. We also had the longanisa which came with the same sides. We also tried the cornbread which was fantastic. The only slightly negative thing was you leave the restaurant smelling like smoked meats like a Korean bbq but otherwise I will definitely returning!This place is amazing! If you haven't been drop what your doing and go. Everything is great you can't go wrong. Also ask about the Sunday meal, which is a really cool and unique experience.Sunday brunch! This is not like any other brunch spot I've been to!  Rice dishes were very good with healthy portions. We also got the Ube French toast and mango pancakes (amazing!). It's byob, so came here for the food and brought our own champagne for mimosas-- cause why not? 
We went back for a private party/event. It was a great space for approx 50 people. Bright and airy and the staff was very attentiveI came here with few friends and family members for brunch. Right off the bat, the smell from the garlic rice hits you like and you puts you ready for a happy brunch. I had the longganisa and it was cooked perfectly. We bought some champagne to help top off her brunch. Will be back when I'm back in town.Cute little place that has a pretty high scale feel but very reasonable prices! The kitchen is right out in the open since the place itself is pretty small, but it fills the whole room with an amazing smell! The calamansi juice was really good, and I also loved the ube french toast (wasn't too sweet, good portion). We went for brunch and all the dishes ranged from $9-14! Service was really sweet too :)I see 18 reviews and 4.5 stars.  This tells me that the owner has 18 relatives.  We started with lumpia- these are my favorite (Filipino egg rolls)- which arrived burned, flavorless and with a boring soy sauce dip.  We asked for the traditional sweet/spicy sauce and they had none.  Our roast chicken was undercooked (fully pink inside under the skin),flavorless and therefore inedible.  Finally a red snapper arrived and we could smell the vinegary goodness.  Unfortunately, when we tasted it, there was no vinegar taste.  And it was overcooked.  We sent everything back, paid for the lumpia because we ate those, left a nice tip and will NEVER return again.Good food, limited menu 10 items including appetizers small plates. Great service. Delicious food.Perfect birthday group dinner ! Thank you for letting us host here. Wonderful food and nice open layout !My boy J sandytoes work here, this place pops! Definitely a must try! The brunch here is great, just tried it! Give it 5 stars for my boyWe came here as a group of 3 on a Sunday for brunch. My foodie friend wanted to try some Filipino food and while visiting Philly I was intrigued too so we came here. 
This is a BYOB place. And the service was extremely good! We ordered Bibingka cornbread and gravy, Ube stuffed French toast, Daing. All were really good! I really liked Daing, which is fried fish.. it was a little too salty but goes well with rice and eggs. The gravy was amazing from bibingka. Definitely recommend!!Some girlfriends and I had a brunch here last week. I wasn't a big fan of indoor dining but the restaurant is very clean and the food is SO AMAZING. We had ube French toast, spam and rice, fried fish and rice. Everything was so delicious but the little rolls with butter and seasoned rice was just so dang good! If you're ok with indoor dining, give this place a try. If you're not, then order take out. It will not disappoint!!!Really enjoyed Filipino breakfast and Ube French toast! I had the Tocino. The garlic fried rice was also great. Would come back here again!Perfect birthday group dinner ! Thank you for letting us host here. Wonderful food and nice open layout !The food itself is average, nothing to write home about but not rave-worthy either. I'm giving 2 stars because of the sheer wastage of food that is the kamayan feast. I went with a bunch of colleagues and we found the feast concept intriguing, but when they started serving our table my heart sank. There's no way possible to eat all the food they serve, and the to-go boxes aren't a consolation since not everyone takes leftovers. See photo for the food left on the table after our table of 10 was done eating. Perhaps the restaurant should consider going for practicality instead of the visual of giving SO much food!On Saturday night, my party of 4 enjoyed a delicious Kamayan feast at Sarvida. Our server started us off with some traditional Filipino bread that was milky, soft and slightly sweet. Not long after, our server brought out our dinner. Our table was covered with banana leaves. On top of the leaves, there were large portions of garlic fried rice, sautéed vegetables (green beans, eggplant, and bokchoy), half of a grilled chicken, a whole pompano fish, pork knuckle and pieces of lumpia spring rolls. 
All of us dug in, eating with our hands, and stuffing our faces. The garlic fried rice was so fragrant and smelled like coconut. I loved the vegetables, and could totally eat a whole plate of it on its own. As for the protein, the chicken was our favorite - marinated and grilled to perfection. The fish was delicious as well. Most of us didn't really cared for the pork knuckle. It brought me back to the first time my husband and I ate at Sarvida. This was the same pork knuckle that had a lot of fat and not so much meat. You're really just eating the fried skin around it. 
While I wasn't sure the Kamayan dinner would be enough for us 4 at first, we were all incredibly full by the end of dinner, and even had leftovers to take home. The entire feast cost $120, which was a great deal. And service was great as usual. The Kamayan dinner is also available for take-out and can be offered for smaller parties of 2 at $80 as well.Sarvida is a new modern twist on traditional Filipino dishes. It ranges from lumpia to pancit. Overall the food is solid. It was good with flavor. 
If you're looking for a more home cooked feeling, this place isn't like how Grandma made it. There's a few changes to the dish that caters to the location and clientele they are suiting for. The portions are healthy for someone looking to moderate their consumption. The service was nice and kind while offering their thoughts and opinions as to what to try. 
My friend and I tried the pancit and chicken thing meal along with the small dishes:pork skin and lumpias.I had a good experience at Sarvida recently. Keep in mind that Sarvida has a limited menu and won't have some more traditional Filipino dishes. My friend and I ordered the Lumpiang Shanghai, Chicharron, and Lamb Shank Mechado
The chicharron was good but make sure to order something else because this won't fill you up. The lumpiang shanghai (egg roll filled with ground meat) was good and the dipping sauce was excellent. However, the egg roll was a little too greasy. The meat can fall out of the egg roll which happened to me a few times actually. 
Lamb shank was very good as well as the vegetables in the dish. Lamb shank was very tender and but and the sauce was great. I would definitely have this dish again.
The staff was very friendly and attentive. My friend and I did get a complementary appetizer, a peanut-hoisin spread. The appetizer was good but I probably would not have ordered it.Sarvida is a fantastic place for brunch with an ethnic twist! My friends and I came on a Sunday around noon and were seated immediately though the seating is somewhat limited. I loved the modern, clean, and bright space with the open kitchen. 
We shared the Longanisa , Ube (purple yam) stuffed french toast, and pancakes (mango and coconut). Everything was SO good. The Longanisa pork patties were especially outstanding with a perfect balance of savory yet sweet flavor. It paired well with the garlic fried rice that we gobbled down easily. Though I have a sweet tooth, I tend to not enjoy breakfast foods that are too sweet, and I thought the Ube french toast and mango pancakes were just perfect. 
Look forward to coming back! Come before the secret is out and there is a line out the door!Another guys night out success, with Sarvida knocking it out of the park.  If you feel "Swine is Divine" like I, or I should say we do, then Sarvida is your go to spot. A majority of Sarvida's dishes, we'll say 85-90% of their menu will have pork included with it. I gotta say I am in love with their menu, I dig the pig people!   
Where does one begin? I guess I just have to give you our line-up of that amazing meal we enjoyed. I also came back a few more times to tackle some more off that menu. (Checkout out the footnote at the end of my review.) 
Pulutan (Appetizers)
 ~ Chicharron - Pork skin. 
 ~ Lumpiang Shanghai - Spring rolls stuffed with ground pork. 
 ~ Binagoongan - Pig Tails in a green mango, and bagoong. 
 ~ BBQ Stick - Grilled Pork Shoulder on a stick.  ++
Salo Salo (Tapas)
~ Pinakbet - An eggplant, squash, okra, and string beans 
dish with pork belly. ++
~ Pancit - An egg noddle dish with Taiwanese sausage, dried shrimp, soft egg, carrots, leaks in a calamansi butter sauce. 
~ Inasal na Manok - Chicken thighs that have been de-boned in a calamansi rub(lime), annatto,(seasoning) with cipollini.
~ Adobong Gulay - Snow Pea leaves in an adobo jus, with garlic.
~ Ukoy - A sweet potato with shrimp, cilantro, bell peppers dressed in a palm vinegar. 
Lamesa (Main dish) served with rice.
~ Lechon Pork Belly - Simply a divine cut that was made to perfection. A pork skin that was perfectly cooked, that had a perfect crunch to it, while the pork belly melted in your mouth. (I've got chills just thinking about it)
Tagalog (Dessert) ++
~ Chocolate Mousse - An amazing way to end ones dinner with this decadent, silky smooth mousse, that had a hint of raspberry to it. 
The service was great, seeing Sarvida was at full capacity when we entered. Our server was awesome, she and (I hate to say "she" I wish I remembered her name) her coworkers were all hustling, making sure we were fully accommodated, down to the recommendations.
With the food being down right on point , the service, the decor, that home like feel to it , I am all about Sarvida. I would gladly return so I can experience all of this again.  So who wants to join me... again. 
**Footnote** If you see "++" , it means I have returned to experience more off their menu.Wandered upon this gem after First Friday in Fishtown and what a wonderful surprise. Unlike other places in the neighborhood, the service was impeccable. Our waiter was patient, sweet, helpful and funny. A welcome change compared to many other places where the pseudo-hipster servers are mad that you have the audacity to sit down and eat at their restaurants. God forbid you ask a question! In addition to the great service, each dish was better than the next. Perfectly sized portions for sharing and completed with delicious, small desserts. Try them all. Finally, it a totes adorbs atmosphere. Simple, beautiful decor. Nice for a quiet dinner where you can hear the people you're with. Highly recommend. Oh, and it won't break the bank--always a plus :)(to the tune of "Hang with Me" by Robyn)
Can you tell me one more time,
That this meal is really fine?
I tried so hard to just pretend
But it disappointed me....
When our servers brought the plates,
My heart sunk, didn't look great,
Didn't like them, didn't hate....
It just disappointed me.
And if you know me well,
You know I like to eat food
And if I judged by smells
I'd give five stars to you,
I like the BYO
And the sweet potato dish to,
but the rest disappointed me.
Just so small,
All of the dishes, except for one
Man, that chicken was fun
The lamb shank,
Crispy but full of bone
The table agreed,
Disappointed me...
Sarvida - you're so much closer to me than Perla. I wanted to like you, so very much. And you left me.... wanting. Wanting larger portions, or some sort of side. Wanting a bit less cooking time for the pig tails, which were so crunchy it was challenging to chew. Wanting to try the chicharron, but they were sold out (at 6:45? bummer). 
The desserts were unremarkable - the halo halo wasn't too high in flavor, but the other dessert - the turon - was like nothing. I don't even know how to describe it except that no one finished their bites.
Upon leaving, we had (six of us) each spent $40ish each and found ourselves wondering where we could get some other food. 
The one saving grace was the whole chicken, which was  tender, flavorful, and enormous. If you go, get that, and the ukoy (sweet potato dish). I'm sad to say there's nothing else I'd recommend on the menu.Came here on a Friday night around 6:20. There were still a couple empty tables around but it seemed to be filling up so definitely make a reservation! I ordered the Lumpiang Shanghai, Pancit, and Lechon Pork Belly. The lumpiangs came out super crispy and was very flavorful. The pancit had really chewy egg noodles with a unique flavor to it with all the different meats (sausage, egg, and shrimp) and vegetables. I definitely recommend this dish!! Lastly, the best of the best was the pork belly. Ommmggg... the skin was SUPER crunchy with a soft, tender inside. You could hear the crunch of the skin when cutting it up with your knife. It was very heavy so I definitely recommend splitting this dish.This place is brand spanking new in the old Girard location. They're doing Filipino food, fishtown style. The flavors are amazing, the pricing is reasonable and the service is great. Highly recommended.Great food and good service! Came here for brunch on a Sunday around 12 noon. There were only a few tables taken when we arrived. The service was friendly and we were seated quickly. The brunch menu is small but varied. We started with an order of peppermint tea and coffee that was served in a French press for about 2-3 cups. I loved the idea of serving it ready to pour in a press!
Between the four of us we ordered several items and each was tasty. I would say there was maybe too much ube on the French toast but the French toast itself was good. I had the tocino which was delicious! The chicken came in pieces and the garlic rice was soo good I didn't want it to be done. The only thing I didn't care much for was the pancake- not fluffy like a traditional pancake but a bit more thin and dense. Overall though we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I'd definitely return!We came here for a company holiday party and were WOW'd by the amazing service and delicious food. The staff was awesome and attended to our every need. I'm sure we weren't an easy bunch, but they were great sports.
I have heard the big communal meals only happen on weekends, so I would highly recommend that. It was essentially a table covered with banana leaves on which dish after dish was laid out before us. We loved the sticky rice, the chicken, the fish, the pork belly, the fried rollups, everything. Dessert was a delight as well. 
I want to come back with a smaller crew and try things again!! I look forward to that meal in the new year!This is my first time having Filipino cuisine and I was blown away! I had the BBQ pork combo for takeout. The pork was marinated and grilled to perfection! Just take a look at the large portion. It could easily been two meals.  So glad I finally got to try this place out!Met a few friends at Sarvida's this past weekend and the only available reservation was for 5:30pm! So reservations are highly recommended everyone, especially on the weekends. First and foremost, since it is Filipino cuisine, I'd say 85-90% of their dishes have pork! For those of you who are unaware; even the Escabeche, "whole fried red snapper, ginger, longhots, sugar cane vinegar " is fried in the same oil (all pork options are fried in) with that said the restaurant was very accommodating and offered to bake the fish in the oven for us, which still turned out quite tasty! We also ordered Ukoy (which now that I think back about - was also deep fried ), Knilaw- (the calamari was very fresh). Our friends really enjoyed their BBQ sticks ( grilled pork shoulder, banana ketchup BBQ sauce) and  Pancit (egg noodle, Taiwanese sausage, leeks, carrots, soft egg, dried shrimp, calamansi butter) for 5 of us the quantity we ordered was just enough! Cost I'd say approximately $40 per head. BYOBThe service is good and the place is cute, but everything we ordered was underwhelming or straight up disappointing. 
We started with the lumpiang which were very simple spring rolls, they tasted fine but nothing special, I would have been satisfied with one or two and not a whole stack of them. My husband compared them to a frozen brand of taquitos he used to eat in college. 
The chicharron had good flavor and crisp, but the cheese that was sprinkled on top was flavorless and added nothing to the dish. These were probably my favorite thing about the meal. 
For the Salo Salo we got the pinakbet which was ok, a little bland and the green beans seemed undercooked. The pork belly had a nice texture but not a ton of flavor. 
The most disappointing thing was the Lechón pork belly Lamesa. It was incredibly dry and had absolutely zero flavor, it wasn't seasoned properly (if at all), and the skin which should have been crispy and salty and delicious was just soggy and sad. It also came with little glops of sauce that tasted like straight ginger and didn't mesh well with the dish. 
When we ordered we were worried it wouldn't be enough food but I'm glad we didn't waste our money.I came here on a rainy day for a date night with two other couples. With six of us, we basically decided to try a bunch of different things. Our server was incredibly helpful in describing a lot of the dishes to us, as well as helping us gauge how much to order. 
Perfectly portioned for sharing for 2-3 (not 6), the appetizers were still a hit. The sauces and flavors were very interesting, since a lot of us did not know what to expect. The pig tails were a favorite of mine with a sweet and sour flavor. Personally, I would skip the fried sweet potato, which lacked the most flavor. It did come with a dipping sauce that saved it, but it wasn't at my end of the table for most the night. An overall crowd pleaser were the scrambled eggs because who doesn't love breakfast for dinner? 
As mentioned, our server kindly made us aware that the entrees here are big, e.g. whole fish and whole chicken; though the latter comes in half portion also. We decided on both of these, plus the lamb shank (a recommendation) between the table. Glad we didn't accidentally order six entrees! 
While the lamb was the most flavorful, it wasn't a great dish to share among six people. Luckily for our table, two members didn't eat lamb. It was incredibly tender, falling off the bone into a delicious sauce. While the chicken was roasted really well, there's not a strong essence of lemongrass or kaffir lime FYI. It's still good though! As with any whole fish, it was a little cumbersome to eat. The fresh ginger and longhots with the mild fish was worth it though. 
We ended the night with both desserts, which were fine but unremarkable. Overall, the ambiance makes it great to hang out with friends or make it a date night. I think this diverse restaurant is much needed in Fishtown. Would like to see some things rotate on the menu and come back sometime.Sorry but if you can't nail your main dish then it is not worth it. The main entree pork belly skin was not crispy at all it was like chewing on rubber. The flavors were good but nowhere near authentic, place was poorly ventilated, a lot of barbecue smoke. To be fair they nailed the pork belly in the binagoongan well as appetizer. Taho which was a cold beancurd dessert was tasty and went well with pomengranate seeds. Pork barbecue was tasty but again not authentic. Kilawin which was squid cerviche was refreshing. The overall experience I must say is very underwhelmingGreat food! Great service, cute little place in Fishtown! I went for brunch with my friend and had the ube Stuffed French Toast, and the ube taste really good which is the star of the dish! The portion was really big and it will leave you full but craving to eat more because it just taste so good. Will definitely come back and try other menu items!I was really looking forward to trying this upscale-ish Filipino restaurant in fishtown. We ended up going for brunch on a Sunday (which is all they serve). We opted for the ube french toast and a longanisa and garlic rice platter. The French toast was good, creamy with a nice mix of flavors with the ube and the walnuts. The rice dish was a bit off, the longanisa is a traditional pork dish which we thought would be more a savory dish (our waitress even said it would be) but it was quite sweet. Almost dessert like in its sweetness. The rice was a bit cold and hard and lacked any flavor besides garlic. We wished we could have the rice heated up a little and I had to go to the counter myself to ask for a little soy said since service was almost non existent. There were only 2 tables (including ours) and our waitress barely checked on us. Maybe it was an off day but my friends rave about their dinner. I'll have to give it another shot and will update when I do.I had some friends come visit the city for the weekend and we decided it would be a good idea to get brunch in Fishtown.
One of my friends recommended that we go to Sarvida for brunch because most of hadn't been to a Filipino restaurant before and we thought this would be a great opportunity to learn more about her culture's food. I ordered a mango juice and pancakes with a side of soft scrambled eggs.
Each of us ordered something different so we could each try different things. I really enjoyed my meal and thought it was the perfect portion size for me! Each member in my party also loved their meal which is usually rare.
Also, I really enjoyed the music at the restaurant which made the experience more comforting and enjoyable. I would definitely recommend going to Sarvida for lunch.I really wanna like Sarvida... because I really enjoyed Perla, but it just wasn't as good as Perla. We ate here on a weeknight and they had ran out of a few things... not a big deal since we were open to try the other options on their menu.
We started with the chicharron which was sprinkled with cottage cheese and scallions and super oily. We also shared the pig tails which tasted pretty good but was a lil hard to eat with silverware. Then came our main course the pork knuckle which was laid on top of the creamy leeks. The creamy leeks were delicious you could taste lemongrass in it and I wished it was a dish on its own. The pork knuckle on the other hand was very difficult to eat and cut, and was probably 40% fat, 30% bone and 30% meat. Other than that, service gets an A+, our server was very attentive and helpful, she recommended that we ordered 2 small plates and one entree, which was more than enough food for the two of us.I would like to thank Lou for his great customer service and hospitality. We  got the half chicken platter along with the Crispy pata, and bbq chicken skewers. The price was very reasonable. The food is fresh, we can definitely tell from the ingredients they use. 
Also don't skip the Ube French toast and the halo halo. The french toast has the perfect amount of sweetness. The halo halo is just an explosion of exotic fruit in your mouth. I highly recommend this place. Thank you again Lou!FINALLY got to try this place and so glad I did! This is more of a 4.5 stars!!! Located in Fishtown.. not too far from the main Frankford street where everyone goes to with all the bars and such. I love Fishtown and this is a great fit with all the other restaurants in the area. Parking can be a pain because you just have to cross your fingers and hope you can fit into a spot! We were lucky and found a spot under the bridge and didn't have to walk that far. 
The restaurant is located on the corner of Girard and Marlborough St. It's small but cozy inside... couldn't have been no more than 10 tables, so making reservations is a must when planning to come here to ensure you get a spot inside! You walk into the open kitchen concept and can see all the action.
Was there for their Sunday Brunch, so their menu is smaller than their dinner menu. They had great options and me being Filipino, was excited to try their twist on my family's comfort food!! 
Here's what we went with:
- Ube Stuffed French Toast: huge slices of bread with lots of Ube filling! Definitely didn't skimp on that! Topped with walnuts and a Dulce de leche sauce. It was decadent... but not that sweet! I actually would have loved to have more of the Dulce de leche sauce as a side sauce instead of syrup which was served with it. Or maybe condense milk to go with it... because I like it to be a little sweeter! But the serving was huge and can definitely be shared as a dessert with 2-3 people! I would get this again tho!
- Longanisa with Garlic Fried rice and sunny side eggs: i liked their take on the Longanisa patties.. full of flavor! I'm used to the links but this was really good combined with the fried rice and eggs!
- Tocino: lots of flavor, we ordered this as a side but i wish I just went ahead and ordered it as a full dish with the Garlic Fried Rice because it was that good!
Service was good! Will definitely be back to try out their dinner menu for sure!!OMG, Sarvida was really excellent. Sarvida has an overall great vibe and a fun crowd that hangs there. Longanisa is a total deliciousness, I am so happy that I tried it. The staff members are all super nice and helpful. I'm glad these guys are here.With the risk of sounding like a food snob, I've taken a couple of trips to the Philippines and befriended many Filipino people when I lived in California, so the bar for good, quality and true Filipino food is high. Kamayan dinners were one of my favorite experiences, so after stumbling upon Sarvida, we came here on a Sunday night to check it out.
The meal started with pandesal - a sweeter, light, fluffy and freshly baked roll that came out hot. We ordered the Kamayan dinner for two including the whole fish (fried pompano) and the crispy pata (fried pork knuckle - another favorite of mine when I was in the Philippines). They were both perfectly seasoned and fried - crispy skin and tender and moist underneath. The garlic rice everything was served on top on went perfectly bite by bite with the proteins. There were so many different type of vegetables included in a coconut broth (also known as Pinakbet). They all tasted great.
We were eyeing up the ube cheesecake for dessert, but they were unfortunately out. Our amazingly friendly waitress brought out two other desserts from the kitchen instead on the house - beignets (these were hot, fresh, and insanely good) and the chocolate coconut budino (think heavier, creamier moose - decadent and delicious).
Our waitress was awesome and attentive. Our dining experience here was top notch. I can't wait to go here again, especially for brunch. See you again soon, Sarvida!I've been eyeing this place for a while, but when I saw the new brunch menu pop up with ube stuffed French toast I knew it was fate. 
We walked in on a Sunday morning shortly after noon and were seated right away. Everything on the menu looked good, but we ultimately opted for the French toast, mango pancakes, and longanisa. We debated for a while whether to choose the longanisa or tocino silog but I convinced my friends to try the longanisa and man was it well worth it. The French toast was yummy and sweet enough without needing the syrup on the side, and the toasted walnuts added great texture. The mango pancakes were also delicious with whipped coconut and coconut flakes on top. The longanisa was a surprise hit- it came as 2 patties that had this amazing sweet flavor to them, and the garlic fried rice was good enough to eat spoonfuls on its own. I've never had longanisa before but I would totally eat it for breakfast everyday. 
This is one of my new favorite brunches in town and I can't wait to come back! I really want to try the cornbread bibingka.Great dishes!
Sarvida's rendition of the Lumpia was meaty, crunchy, and salty, absolutely delicious.  A soy vinegar sauce with sliced garlic accompanied the dish but wasn't necessary, the Lumpia was great on its own.  
The Pancit Egg Noodles were quite unassuming upon first sight but tasted great.  I'm always partial to Egg Noodles due to the hearty texture, as far as noodles go, this is my favorite kind of noodles whether Asian or Italian.  The sautéed leeks and onions, Taiwanese sausage, dried shrimp and calamanse butter added great flavor. The soft boiled egg on top, upon breaking oozed a perfect soft yolk, further seasoning the egg noodles.  It was a bit oily near the bottom of the bowl but still a hearty entree.
The Fried Fish entree was filleted on one side and topped with sautéed string onions and red pepper.  The fish easily pulled away from the bone.  The salty soy sauce added some flavor and went perfectly with the bowl of jasmine rice on the side.
The end of my dinner here was an appropriately sized mini flan, given that many of the dishes were full sized, this topped off my meal perfectly.
The Sarvida experience was very enjoyable.  The only caveat was the noticeable hint of grease from the fryer that was in the air which is definitely correctable with better ventilation.  Parking is very difficult to find even though it should be easier given that's it's not a high traffic neighborhood.
I'll definitely be back for sure!It was a quiet Wednesday night and I wanted takeout different from the usual spots. We gave Sarvida a try and I was shocked how much food our "meal for two" included, half a chicken over a huge bed of rice, veggies, and pork lumpia. My wife and I got a third meal out of this easy! It was ready fast and tasted amazing! we also placed an order for a dessert that was not on the menu and I got a very apologetic call saying they were out and asked if I'd like a substitute or refund.
It's hard times for restaurants like Sarvida and I would gladly support again. Genuine people with fantastic food.tl;dr a sleek sit-down space bringing innovating Filipino flavors to brunch 
I've already been wowed by Perla time and again, but Sarvida carves a niche to set it apart from its predecessor -- Filipino brunch. Offering Pinoy twists on brunch classics, as well as traditional silog (garlic fried rice and eggs) plates, Sarvida has been on my hit list ever since it opened. But admittedly, it's out of the way -- several blocks East of the trendy Girand block of Fishtown -- so I only just had the chance to give it a try.
Like it's sister restaurant, Sarvida opts for modern mid-century decor, with its minimalistic whitewashed walls and hardwood accents. Globe lighting fixtures hang from the abstract ceiling, and slate finishes make the white marble counter pop. Numerous windows and glass doors across each wall illuminate the space during day hours, emphasized by a beveled mirror column pressed off to the corner. The light wooden tables and minimalistic black chairs are pressed closely together, creating an intimate ambiance. The hum of conversation mixes alongside the unobtrusive echoes from the open kitchen concept.
When my partner and I arrived, the aromas of meats and spices greeted us, as we tried in vain to quell our grumbling stomachs. While we waited to be seated, the head chef hoisted a huge platter of fresh cornbread from the oven, and we knew we had to try that. Ultimately, we decided to share the Ube Stuffed French Toast, the Tocino, and a side of that Babingka Cornbread. The french toast was light and fluffy, served with a vibrant ube parfait both on top and between the slices. Chopped walnuts ensure a pleasant crunch, and a side of syrup allowed us to titrate the sweetness. Unlike some other novelty brunch desserts throughout the city, this dish was not overpoweringly sugary, but instead emphasized the culmination of many subtle flavors. Moving on, the tocino chicken was tender and flavorful, marinated in soy and palm sugar to generate an unexpected tanginess. Served with eggs and garlic rice, the dish immediately transported me back to my travels throughout the Philippines. Finally, the cornbread was cooked bibingka-style with a distinct coconut milk flavor. The final product was buttery, with a tasteful sprinkle of salt.
Our total worked out to a surprisingly fair $40 for two. If you're looking to up your Philly brunch game, Sarvida is just the joint for you -- with its innovative takes on brunch mainstays, you'll be sure to have an experience worth bragging about to all your friends.Came here for their Sunday brunch and had a great time!! We ordered the Bibingka cornbread and gravy , Ube stuffed French toast, and their mango compote pancakes ! I would recommend all three of these dishes for sure! They are all unique and I haven't tasted anything like it !!
The bibingka cornbread was smothered in delicous gravy made with primal supply's  Ground pork and topped with sunny side up eggs. The texture of bibingka was slightly firm on the outside with a moist inside, the sausage gravy was so good. This dish was not too heavy, which I liked.  Next we had fluffy pancakes topped with delicious mango compote, whipped coconut, and a healthy drizzling of toasted coconut flakes. The flavors gelled so well! Lastly the Ube stuffed French toast ~
Vanilya bakery 's brioche stuffed with a generous amount of ube, topped with layers of crushed walnuts and dulce de leche. If you are an ube lover, this is the dish for you, it's loaded with ube !! 
I can't wait to make a return to check out the other savory dishes on their brunch menu !