Impeccable food and service! We figured if we were gonna do Sbraga, we needed the chefs counter 6 course with wine pairings. A pricy endeavor but no regrets. I loved having a front row view of the deliciousness about to be laid in front of me. The team behind the line on this particular Saturday night ran like a well oiled machine. 
The tone was set with the amuse Gruyere popover with foie gras soup. Heavenly! There were no duds on the menu, but other standouts were the saffron spaghetti with blue crab, the crispy Arctic char and the chicken liver mousse (btw I thought I hated chicken liver). The wines were matched very well. 
My friend was celebrating a birthday so I included that in the notes when making the reservation. To top off the experience, they gave her a note signed by Sbraga and a little goodie bag. Can't wait to return!We had an amazing meal and experience! 
The service is wonderful - attentive and knowledgable and the ingredients and the preparation. 
Every bite was delicious as is the $55 price for the 4 course tasting menu. The gruyere popover was hot and savory and the perfect popover. I could eat a large bowl of the foie gras soup with the flavors of thai chilies and lemon grass. Both pastas were divine - the rigatoni with carrot top pesto with rabbit (prob the best dish of the night) and the saffron bucatini with blue crab with a little spice from fresno chillies. We had the fried game hen and the tile fish for mains. The tile fish was fine but couldn't compete with the flavor explosion of the game hen although the shrimp dumplings were tasty - wish there were more.  Desserts were a luscious semifreddo and carrot cake.
Drinks were well made but overpriced compared to the price point of the tasting menu (obvi to make some $$$).
Can't wait to go back. Wish we had more $55 tasting menus in NYC.My fiancé and I went to Spraga last night..needless to say it was our first and last time dining at this establishment.  We were pretty pumped to go here since we live right down the street and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at Fat Ham a few weeks ago.  The food was good but not show stopping.  My major issues were with the service.  1 word.  Unbelievable.  We spent $180 on 2 people.  When you spend that much money on a meal.. You expect perfection with food, service and ambiance.  This place underwhelmed and now I have to deal with my fiancé who is still raging with last nights experience.  Thanks Spraga.
Issues:
1.  Soups came before cocktails.  I finally had to ask a manager where our cocktails we're because it so long.  - not in my world if I'm paying $180!  
2.  First course came while we were still eating our soup..so we had 2 plates in front of us on a cramped table.  Hello serving 101 at like the most basic restaurant in the world..Don't bring the next course when people are still eating their first!  Again I would expect shit like this to happen if I were at TGI Fridays but I wasn't at TGI Fridays.  I was at SPRAGA.
4. The waiter tried to remove plates while we were still eating from them.  Say what?  Not when I'm paying $180 on a meal son!  You leave the plate until I am finished!
5.  The waiter would awkwardly come to the table and just stand there.. Obviously we know he came to take our food order or dessert order but you say " Is everyone ready?.. I'd like to take your order" etc.  WTF.  Nope he just stood there... Weird!  
6.  Empty glasses/butter dishes left on the table throughout the meal.  Sloppy.  The server tries to take plates we are still eating from but leaves sangria glasses etc for the entire meal?  I just.  Don't.  Get it.  
All in all food was good, not amazing and I've had better service at Tangier.  If you are going to spend that much money go somewhere else.What a great experience! The courses are delicious and it's hard to make a wrong choice here. Also, a surprisingly great cocktail menu (in the top three restaurant menus I've had) and attentive staff. Every minute and every plate was amazing.I'm not one to watch the chef shows so celebrity chefs don't do me. That said, the food was creative and cutting edge. We had the  four course tasting menu. The dishes have many flavors that reveal themselves to you one at a time which is fun. Small portions, but enough food. I had a wonderful glass of Argentinian wine which was fun. My only disappointment is that they only change the four course menu seasonally so no real incentive to go back again until next season unless I ante up for the six course menu which is just a little too pricey with a kid in college.  Wonderful service. Really top notch which is becoming more and more rare these days.Can I first confess that while I'm a Top Chef fan, I'm mistakenly thought Kevin Gillespie was Kevin Sbraga? Imagine my surprise when I sat down to my New Year's Eve meal and I saw a brown bear instead of a ginger bear.
I've been excited to know a Top Chef winner has opened up a restaurant a few blocks down my place but I haven't gone for months because I felt somewhat intimidated. The price is of course a little higher and I've always had a distaste for restaurant that only offers taste and not fulfillment. So when it was a few days before X'mas and the few restaurant newsletter ever so "gently" reminded me that the New Year's Eve dinner is actually a big deal, I started soul searching for a restaurant that I always wanted to try but haven't had a chance to do so, my mind landed on Sbraga.
The place has the very same decor that the hipper restaurants in Philly and New York favors, walls lined with wood planks, the very urban wood cabin feel. Silver and black balloons filled up the ceiling for NYE, the place was packed with people. 
On New Year's Eve, they offered a 4-course champagne menu. While it is nice, it's 3-times more expensive with no selection whatsoever and I'm a light-weight drinker, and it was early and I like to choose, so we opted for the regular four-course menu.
I indulged in the rich and surprisingly sweet Foie Gras Soup. It's velvety, almost like a sabayon. For the second course, I had the Sea Bream which I recommend the dish wholeheartedly. The Sea Bream has a really crispy skin, the fish is well cooked. The same can be said about the piece of pork belly in the dish. I also love the squid ink sauce and the calamari "noodles". Love it. would eat it again, would even try to make it in my own kitchen. For the third course, I had the fettucine with the perfectly cooked 62 degrees egg. the egg is indeed perfectly cooked, but it's not much different from a pasta carbonara. Maybe even less, since the amount of pasta is little and the dish is recommended to be mixed up, the pasta to egg sauce ratio is a little out of whack. The whole dish is a little more "decomposed" than I like it to be. The churro/coffee creme brulee is a nice finish to the meal. 
I wish that the whole meal is more filling, but at the end it wasn't too bad. Me and my friend was debating whether we wanted a sandwich after the meal, but it was fine. Service was good, our server is charming even though he spilled some water. I had a Sbraga Punch which to me tasted very much like cough syrup and he had no problem switching it to the Bell Hop for me which was quite unique and pleasant. Being sat right next to the kitchen also has its perks, other than being right in Sbraga's face, occasionally you'll hear they yell "Service!" which it's almost like they're putting on a show for you before you hear it enough and you wonder whether they are having problems with their wait staff. The couple next to us were obviously not a Top Chef fan, since their waitress told them that she'll "relay their compliments to Kevin" and they were murmuring to themselves that they had no idea who Kevin was.
Will I go back? I would probably, if a friend hasn't been and suggest to go. Personally, I still like to have a meal that fills me up, especially if I have to pay almost $100 per person.Sbraga: good, but not great. I dined here on a Saturday evening and ordered the four course tasting menu with some friends. We were seated promptly and the service was great. I ordered the fried green tomatoes with smoked shortbreads and cumin aioli, sea bream with rustic bread salad and hummus, meatloaf with bacon marmalade and the chocolate mousse taste with pistachio ice cream. My first two courses were excellent. It was my first time eating shortbreads, and I was pleasantly surprised. The sea bream dish was light and very tasty. However, I felt things fell short with the meat course and the dessert. The texture of the meatloaf was too crumbly, and I think I prefer my meatloaf to be a little more solid. It also seems that they included olives in their bacon marmalade and the taste of the marmalade was just too vinegary for me. And as for the dessert, it was just ok. I was able to taste the other desserts my friends ordered, and I was not really impressed by them, either. Also of note, almost every dish that came out was liberally garnished with dill-not that I mind dill, but after the third course, that was a lot of dill. Overall, it was a good meal. But for $49 dollars, I don't know if I would necessarily come back.You would think when you have a prix fixe menu it would make it easier to choose what you want to eat - at Sbraga this is definitely not the case.  It is actually quite complex and involves solid negotiating and compromising skills with your fellow table-mates to ensure that you get a bite of everything you wanted to try!
For the first course I got the Foie Gras soup.  Unless you have some animal rights hang-up about it - you should get the soup.  It's probably the best soup I've ever had.  I also tried the pork belly.  It was just okay - almost like a pork belly carpaccio (in texture and thickness).  
The second course I had the calamari.  In my head I was thinking crispy calamari - just because that's the only calamari I've ever had.  These were large calamari with an almost scallop texture to them.  The salsa verde was good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the calamari itself.  Also tried the salmon which was good - not great.  
For the third course I had the meatloaf - it was excellent.  Perfectly tender and seasoned.  I also had some of the pasta someone got - it was also very good.
For dessert I had the pistachio bread putting which was a deconstructed dessert with the ingredients all separated on the plate.  It both looked stellar and was tasty.
Surprisingly - I felt full despite the rather small portions.  All in all there were some excellent dishes (get the soup I tell you!) - but there were also a couple 'so-so' dishes.  For $100 a head (after a couple drinks per person) and small portions, I would expect a bit more consistent excellence for 5 stars.My one sentence take: It's not the most delicious food you've ever had, but it may be the most interesting.
The only real options are a $45 four-course meal or a $65 chef tasting meal. While the four-course meal may not seem like much and the portions look small, the dishes are really rich. I have a big appetite and was actually pretty full at the end of everything. I would also say that the desserts are the only more traditional part of the menu, and they were excellent.
Sbraga serves some really interesting combinations of flavors, many of which I'd never even comprehended. Oysters with apple, jalepeno, and caviar; lamb chop with lamb belly and oatmeal; quail with sweetbreads; scallop and pork belly with watermelon and jalepeno; etc. There were no bad dishes that we tried, and I won't really recommend favorites (check that, the miso black cod was our semi-unanimous choice for best dish). What you order should mostly depend on your tastes and how adventurous you're feeling that night.
One disappointment was that the Singapore Sling was taken off the menu. I was really looking forward to trying it. Oh well.Good, but not extraordinary, and for a place that is taking the tasting menu prix fixe approach, ultimately disappointing for a $80+ pp meal.  The food ranged from very good to delicious, with the exception of the octopus 2nd plate, which had grainy sandlike particles that made me feel like I had sand in my mouth while eating it.  A shame too, because the harissa it was served with was excellent.  The first plate, a chicken liver mousse, was good, but not exceptional.  The lamb ragu rigatoni 3rd plate was the highlight of the meal, but it had more of a high level comfort food quality than a gastronomique appeal.  All that being said, the biggest failure of Sbraga is the rushed service.  For a place of this caliber (theoretically), I could not believe how fast we were pressured to order, and also how little time between courses there was to pause, have conversation and sip wine.  So, while the menu was creative and fairly well executed, the service and the banal decor leave something to be desired.  The price here is more reflective of the real estate location (Broad St right next to the Kimmel Center), than the experience.Let me preface this by saying I really had no idea who Kevin Sbraga was before this meal.  I knew he was on Top Chef, but to be honest, as much as I love restaurants and food, I just can't do cooking competition shows.  They are always on at like 10 pm and they just make me hungry and craving crazy foods late at night.  
However, I heard many good things about Sbraga and they were offering a Chef's Counter menu of "tailgate" foods.  So my husband and I ventured up Broad St to check it out.
Let me pause a minute and explain how Sbraga works.  So they offer a 4 course meal for $49 pp.  Each course has about 8-10 options to choose from.  However...
Monday through Thursday, at 6 pm sharp, they offer a Chef's Counter menu, which is a set menu with a specific theme and is served at a bar that overlooks the kitchen.  Think of it as a sort of dinner theater.  FYI- there is a maximum of 6 people allowed for this seating.  This option has six courses, as well as an amuse bouche for $75 pp.  A bit pricier than the regular menu, but you get to watch the chefs prepare your meal for you AND they explain each dish to you.  For you Top Chef fans, Chef Kevin explains some of the courses as well.  Super cool.  I felt like Padma that night (hey, I've SEEN the show, I just don't watch it regularly.  Cause it makes me hungry)
Upon arriving at 6 pm sharp, I noticed how classy and chic the interior is.  At 6:01, I realized how awesome their service is.  I was ready to give Sbraga 4 stars, but their service puts them over the edge.  They make their guests feel right at home.
So how was the food?  Here are the courses and my opinion of each:
Amuse:  Meatballs--- I make some pretty good meatballs, but these blow mine away.  I really liked the sauce- sweet and savory at the same time.
FIRST:  Hoagie Dip--- Hoagie Dip usually makes me a little quesy, but Sbraga's was a delightful fluff of deliciousness.  I could have eaten that all night.
SECOND:  Pepperoni and Beer Cheese Soup--- My favorite thing that we had that night.  A soup made of three things I love?  Yes please!!
THIRD:  Sloppy Jose--- Chef Kevin brings a latin flava to his sloppy joe by using shortrib and chorizo, and covering it in a spicy cole slaw.  Ole!
FOURTH:  Pork Gyro---  I love Greek food and this dish has a homemade tzatziki sauce that was awesome
FIFTH:  Buffalo Chicken--- Surprisingly, my least favorite meal.  The chicken was a little undercooked and the celery-apple-carrot salad missed the mark for me.
SIXTH:  Brownie Sundae--- I thought I couldn't fit anymore food in my stomach.. until this dish came out.  Brownie, covered with ice cream, bananas, strawberries. YUM!
Also, the bartender, who was an absolute doll, brought us over complimentary spiked hot chocolate with a dollop of white chocolate liquor whipped cream.  He mentioned that he made the cocoa in case someone did the beverage pairing, but since no one did, he just gave it to us (sans a bit of the liquor.. which was fine by me on a Tuesday night).  How's that for service?  They could have just thrown it in the trash! 
Overall, I loved the experience of watching the chefs work (worth the extra money) and while I wasn't blown away by the food, their service and ambiance convinved me to come back and try their regular menu sometime soon.Terrible small portions...drinks were good but the bartender told us to get an heirloom salad which literally had one heirloom...plus whatever else we got was so small...not a good choice if you're hungry...Dined on a busy saturday evening as a dinner before a concert.  As everyone else had commented before- the first courses- foie gras soup and pork belly dishes were excellent and full of flavor.  Second courses- octopus and sea bream also met expectations and were cooked to perfection.  One entree in particular, however was especially most disappointing after having had two preceding fabulous courses. 
The majority of the ROAST PORK entree was not edible.  Had we not been in a hurry to get to a concert I most definitely would have sent it back.  It was one rectangular supposed piece of roast pork, but as you cut into it there was no pork to be found.  Instead it was white cubes of pork fat with less than 0.5 cm of discernable pork meat.  Had the dish stated pork belly I would have had some understand, but the menu clearly stated it was a roast pork dish.  Where's the meat?  I was in disbelief that they could even serve such a dish which was 80% inedible unless you enjoy pure fat, then that's your dish.  Sadly I cannot recommend such an establishment based on this last course.Taking into account the decent food reputation of this restaurant, my friends and I were thoroughly excited for our saturday night reservations, but from the staff, service, to food, we were utterly disappointed.
Table: 
We were seated at a 4 seater table right next to the front door, host counter and bar, which not only kept getting blasted with cold air every 10 seconds, but guests were bumping into my friend's chair throughout the night, physically interrupting his meal, and staff using his chair as a hand rail as they brushed by our table. 
We noticed when we first walked in, that we would undoubtedly be seated at this table by the door, and when we asked the hostess if we could have another table and wait for it, we received an unapologetic response that they were booked solid and that is the table for us. As someone who works in a client service profession, the response should never be no, but what can I do to resolve this, even if it means agreeing to an unconventional solution to accommodate the customer/client's concern. 
Staff/Service: 
After being seated at our table, almost 15 mins went by without a single person coming by to greet us, take drinks orders or even apologize for the delay in service. It wasn't until the hostess noticed us looking around that she called someone over to take our drink orders. Our waiter, as apologetic as he was about the unfortunate table and staff, couldn't make up for the poor experience we had throughout the night. His comped prosecco and cheese plate service was appreciated but not everyone at my table enjoyed the prosecco so it was a bit of a wasted gesture. As my friend said, it would have been more helpful if he asked us first what he could do to improve our situation instead of attempting to resolve it in his own way, but we appreciated his gesture and concern, as he was the only staff that night that seemed keen on attempting to fix our broken experience.
Food: 
Expected to be blown away by the courses to make up for the bad table and service but each course was just decent, nothing truly exceptional, except for the key lime dessert. My friend even had the unfortunate incident of having something inedible on his surf & turf plate, but besides that, all the other courses were just fine. Had better tasting menus at lesser known restaurants, so again, based on their reputation, our meal experience did not live up to it.
Net, my friends and I felt that the restaurant was just trying to get things done haphazardly and crammed way too many tables and reservations in that Saturday night, without any real concern for providing excellent customer service. 
From the distracted, aloof staff, poor table placements to less than mind-blowing food, I would not recommend this place. If anything, just grab a seat by the bar or order the key lime dessert as take out if you can.Can only say good things about this place.
We dined here twice, both times during a seasonal menu tasting at the counter.  The food is excellent, I've opted for the beer list on my visits while my wife has tried (and loved) the wine pairings.
We don't get out a ton and like to try new places but I'm positive we will keep returning here.  Also looking forward to Kevin's new place The Fat Ham.One of the best dinner experiences we had in a long time. I took my wife to celebrate her birthday. The food was top notch. We did the 4 course meal. For the amount of food and especially the quality, you can't beat the price. I loved the ambiance and would definitely recommend for someone looking for a nice dinner downtown.At $45, the prix fixe option is totally worth it. The foie gras soup is not to be missed. Service was attentive but not intrusive. Make a reservation before you go.My husband, daughter, and I dined at Sbraga tonight, excited to try Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga's fare. We're all educated foodies and 2 of 3 of us like aggressively seasoned food. From our reservation through receiving our check, the service was outstanding, attentive without being overbearing, and our server displayed absolutely expert knowledge of the menu and the beverage pairings. The restaurant is modern, without being minimalist, and quite noisy.The kitchen is open and there are several seats at a bar, so the diners can watch the cooks as they create the dishes. Dinner is a pre fixe menu of four courses each with 4 or 5 choices for $55 per person with beverage pairings with each course for an additional $50. For the 3rd course, there was an option of a roasted pork dish for 2 which could be substituted for the 3rd course for a $40 supplement. Two of us had the beverage pairings (my husband was the unlucky designated driver who didn't).
We each ordered a different choice for each of the first 3 courses, and the 9 dishes were creative but wildly variable in execution with some flashes of brilliance, a couple of solid courses, and too many  misses for the price of the meal. Before the first course, we all received a gruyere gougere that was piping hot and delicious with the dill butter that accompanied the dish. We then received a small serving of the chef's signature dish, fois gras soup, which was, unfortunately, only lukewarm and garnished with a tiny dice of shallot and rye crouton. I believe that it would have been much better if had been served warmer which would have allowed the full flavor of the fois gras to shine. Served room temperature, it was somewhat bland with a very peppery finish.  For the first course, I had the eggplant terrine with geleed tomato and goat cheese, shaved cucumber, and green garbanzo beans that all of the table agreed was absolutely delightful. It was light and refreshing, perfectly seasoned and the wine paired with the dish was perfect. My daughter had the beef filet tartar with a cute presentation in a flat mason jar. It consisted of finely diced filet in a cream based sauce at the bottom of the jar covered with a Worcestershire sauce gel and accompanied by crostini. The gel was heavily salted, and my daughter ended up scraping it off, only eating the beef. Because the meat was in a cream base, it was overly rich and she ended up not eating much of it. The lambrusco that accompanied her dish was delicious. My husband had the Caesar salad with romaine which came heavily coated in Caesar dressing topped with fennel tempura. The dressing spoiled the dish; it was fishy and pure salt. My hubby thought the small pieces of fennel tempura were light and crispy, and the only part of the dish that he could eat. 
The second course was a home run all round. My agnolotti consisted with goat cheese filled pasta with an intense crawfish flavored sauce, several crawfish tails, garnished with sautéed sea beans. If I could have licked the bottom of the bowl, I would have. My daughter utterly enjoyed the bucatini with crabmeat in a moderately spicy tomato chili sauce, and my husband savored the barley risotto with small bits of charred mushroom, fava beans, and rabbit, which was surprisingly dried and hard, more like bacon. He was happy with the flavors and thought the seasoning was spot on. The entrée (3rd) course was, sadly, more miss than hit. My course, the brook trout sautéed until the skin was crisp, topped with chopped hazelnuts, and accompanied by spots of romescu sauce and haricot verts, was, by consensus, the best of the group. It was perfectly seasoned, light, and the trout was perfectly cooked. My daughter ordered the game hen which was served deep fried in a very spicy curry glaze. It wasn't too spicy, it was plainly too salty to be eaten. Even with removing the crust, the underlying meat was salty. My husband ordered the lamb, which was described by the server as being cooked well-done like a brisket, and it was well-done to the point of being overdone and inedible. It was served with a large hunk of grilled trumpet mushroom, and roasted potatoes, all mixed in an intensely salty, overly rich, inedible sauce. After 3 bites, he could not eat any more. Sadly, he was then overwhelmed by the strong aroma of the curry glaze on my daughter's game hen and had to turn his head away from her.
For dessert, my daughter ordered with coffee cake with white chocolate ice cream accompanied by a bourbon/coffee beverage, both which she enjoyed. My husband and I both had the hot fudge sundae which was two small scoops of vanilla ice cream with pieces of pizelle and strawberry rhubarb compote drizzled with hot fudge. The rhubarb was not cooked, but rather in small raw pieces, a tartness I didn't believe belonged in the dish but wasn't offended by, but my husband did not like at all and felt spoiled the dessert.
Please lay off the salt in the food.My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner at Sbraga.  Thought the tasting menu was reasonably priced and it led me to try a few things I would not have otherwise.  The highlights for me were the Foie Gras soup (absolutely terrific) and the Brook Trout.  Probably the best fish dish I've had in quite a while, great flavor.  
The service is very professional, your next dish comes out promptly after you've finished your previous dish (each time w/ a different server, not sure what the reasoning for that is).  
One thing to note is that the tables for two by the windows on Pine are very tightly packed (you have to move your table for the person near the window to get out of their seat). We're pretty oblivious, but if you're easily distracted by the conversations of others, its hard to avoid it. 
But overall, just a great meal. Highly recommended.A 'safe choice' for foodies and dates. Went here for a smaller celebratory dinner date to do the tasting on a Thursday night. 
Pretty nice atmosphere, and we had a great time for dinner. I don't remember being too crazy-impressed with the food, but like I said, a 'safe' choice. Surprisingly, the food that sticks out to me the most was the foie gras soup. Despite not being the hugest foie-gras fan, I must say that it was delicious! 
Price-wise, very decent for the tasting menu. I guess I was expecting a bit more (food-wise), but it was overall a nice experience.Foie Gras Soup.  YUM.  Pretty much everything on the menu is spicy and I enjoyed all of the courses.Sbraga has been on my to-try list for quite a while, and I finally made it here for an early Tuesday dinner with two other friends after, to my frustration, having to postpone dinner twice. I had no problems making an Opentable reservation a week in advance for 5:30pm, and when we walked in, only a few other tables were occupied.
The three of us ordered completely different dishes, specifically for the purpose of being able to try bites of everyone else's. The following is some random commentary on the dishes I tried:
FIRST COURSE
- Foie gras soup - I'll admit that I originally had some qualms about ordering this since I'm not a huge fan of foie gras, but this ended up being my favorite dish! It was  creamy like a bisque, and mildly sweet with a kick of spice, like Thai curry.
- Shrimp scampi soup - Also creamy and delicious. It tasted like lobster bisque.
- Pork belly - Came thinly sliced, which I was not expecting at all, and kind of resembled prosciutto. It was less fatty than usual pork belly, which I liked.
SECOND COURSE
- Octopus - Good, but really spicy! (The waiter said it was a 6/10 on spiciness, which is apparently the upper limit of my spiciness tolerance). It also came with string beans and crunchy chickpeas.
- Sea bream - My friend was unimpressed with both the sea bream and the pork belly that came with it. The calamari looked like flat noodles. Overall, mediocre.
- Charred eggplant - I only tried a bit of the eggplant, which was... just eggplant. (To be fair, I didn't try any of the other things on the plate.)
THIRD COURSE
- Pappardelle - Good, but it was a struggle to finish this because I was so full by this point. The pappardelle came topped with bread crumbs and bits of rabbit mixed in. The rabbit tasted surprisingly like chicken.
- Tennessee fried chicken - My first thought when the waiter served the dish: WOW this dish is so much bigger than the rest of ours - three drumsticks served on bread and coleslaw. The chicken itself was really juicy, but my friend thought it was under-seasoned.
DESSERT
- Banana split - Little piles of pineapple sorbet, whipped cream, bananas and strawberries, sprinkled with other berries. Pretty good, other than the rum (or some other kind of hard liquor) soaked cherries, which were way too strong.
- "Lemon meringue tart" - The name is in quotes because it's actually a deconstructed lemon meringue tart! The meringue was yummy.
- Praline Napoleon - Good, but the accompanying coffee ice cream was quite strong.
Overall, all the dishes were beautifully presented, but my favorites, hands-down, were both the foie gras soup and shrimp scampi soup. Service was average, and the ambiance of the restaurant was quite nice - clean wooden interior with fresh flowers on the table.We were in Center City today for PIFA and decided to get some hot fried chicken from this place. You get 4 pieces of fried chicken and some ranch dressing. It was DELICIOUS..... The price was 5 bucks and you cannot beat that. Now I want to come for dinner to this wonderful restaurant on Broad Street.Wonderful food and EXCELLENT service!  More often it is a miss when a state-side restaurant has a prix fixe menu. 
Sbraga had unique choices for every course.  it was actually difficult to narrow it down since i really wanted one of each. My husband and I lucked out and sat at the chef's counter and watched them bring out plates upon plates of beautiful entrees. It's not a large restaurant - it would be great place for a date-night or medium size party.Although I give Sbraga 3 stars, I will never come back here due to the extremely small portions of food. Like another person commented, I actually left hungry after the 4 course, $45 prix fixe meal. Fortunately it was an expense account meal.
This might be a place to come if you are trying to impress "foodies" but if you really love to eat I suggest either going elsewhere (like Amis) or make sure you are not really hungry at dinnertime. For example, the scallop/pork belly dish consisted of a single scallop, a 1 by 2 inch piece of pork belly, and 2 tiny watermelon squares.  The flavor and presentation of this dish was incredible, but after tasting it I wanted more. I wish I could have ordered 3 of these.
So- while the food is awesome, I just can't recommend Sbraga.Truly phenomenal!  We were at Sbraga on Saturday night celebrating our first wedding anniversary. When we were seated there was a card on the table signed by Chef Sbraga wishing us a happy anniversary, and our excellent server Carmen opened a bottle of champagne and poured us complimentary glasses. We felt so special and well cared for before we'd even ordered a thing!  We loved the wine pairing -- the selections were interesting and elevated each course. Every bite we took was delicious, but our favorites were the foie gras soup, escargot, rabbit bolognese, lobster & potato gnocchi (well worth the supplement $), black bass in miso, and very well-appointed cheese slate.  One of the most wonderful dining experiences we've ever had in Philly.  Incredible experience and value for the price.  Carmen even brought us a take home bag with the menu from the evening and some extra goodies!  We can't wait to return!Went within the first week, totally anticipate 3 stars to go up and not down, but frankly they are not there yet.
Definite mis-steps in service, culminating in sitting at the table for 15 minutes with no menu and no water (even though three lovely people asked our water preference, it was tap every time) 
When we did get the menu, we found out we were to order 4 courses, with 6 choices between each. We all shared so I had a good chance to taste a lot of things, heres the rundown
foie gras soup- good flavor overall but random bites of spices were way too overpowering
sweetbreads- one of my favorite bites of the night, cooked perfectly
some weird caesar thing- please take it off the menu
eggplant terrine- I enjoyed this more than others at the table
Black cod- not my favorite from the fish course, I thought my fish was overcooked and rather bland
Clams and orrechiette- best fish course in my opinion, get this!
(i also liked the ravioli w'anchovie fish course)
Lamb Belly- which is not lamb belly at all, but lamb breast, was a good dish was the sesame granola not only killed it for me, but killed my teeth as well
Squab- unbelievably cooked, tough protein to cook and they did it with skill, best meat course dish of the night
meatloaf-very very ehhhh
i loved my dessert!! I finally got one right with the desert course, the apple mille fuille with caramel sorbet was awesome, best dessert on the table even with the iron chef winning panna cotta
like I said, this place will get better but it is not there yet, in my humble opinionThey have great 4 course meal for $55. What a amazing deal. And absolutely delicious. 
I was very happy to receive warm and crispy pop over and foie gras soup. I wasn't feeling for pop over so didn't have it but my hubby said it was so good and he  finished it. And he is not a bread person. 
Their welcome dishes are even impressive. 
The soup was.... amazing. So creamy and so savory. Can't get enough. Wish they have that for their regular menu. I will totally get it. 
I got hamachi, lamb pasta appetizer, striped bass and cheese plate. 
 3 decent sized pieces of hamachi accompanied with jalapeño. It was so good, I forgot to take  photo. 
Lamb pasta was delicious and rich with sauce. But I switched to my hubby's dish- saffron pasta with crab meat. I liked his dish better. 
Bass was cooked so moist and delicious. Very very satisfied. 
I was very happy to see cheese plate w/o extra charge. Nice touch! They gave me 3 piece with candid walnut and fig. I enjoyed sheep milk cheese the most.Husband and I really enjoyed coming here. It's a great setting and the value for money for a tasting menu is incredible. We were on a long weekend from NYC - where it's hard to imagine tasting menu for $55. We were also pleasantly surprised that we managed to snag a booking day of as well.
When we arrived it was super busy, to the extent that it was hard to get in the door. Our booking was for 8.30 - and we didn't get seated until 8.50, which is always annoying. We had a word with the manager, and got a free cocktail each for our trouble. 
The service was great, friendly head waiter Carmen really guided us through the menu - and also provided some great recommendations for where was fun to go out after dinner - thanks Carmen!
So to the food: Although it's billed as four courses there are a few extra amuse bouches that mean it's more like a 6 course. I started with a fois gras soup, which was rich and delicious, followed by garlic and hazelnut snails. I'd never tried snails before, so in the interests of trying something new I ordered them, and was not disappointed.  Next: crispy rabbit salad, which was gamey with a pleasing crunch. Arctic char in a saffron broth was next - fragrant and delicate, and worked well with the celery, a combination that I'd never have thought would work but it did.
Then for pudding, we shared the panacotta, chocolate tort and the jewish apple cake?
Why three deserts when there were two of us you ask? An extra apology for the wait which was very appreciated - and more than made up for the delay. All three were delicious.
So which great service and great food - why only 4 stars? There was only one vegetarian option for the main course - BBQ Parsnip salad, that as a vegetarian my other half ordered. It was fine, but not nearly as subtle as my courses and it could have been better. Meat or fish eaters will be perfectly happy, but this veggie dish felt a bit like an after thought, so the need for a more vegetarian offerings loses this place a star. If I could knock off half a star, I would  - 4 and a half stars would be a fairer score. But for us Spraga was a near perfect dining experience. We'd certainly go back when we're next in the city.The food pairings were to die for! Without the beverage pairing, I'm.not sure if I would have enjoyed it as much, but that may seem bias because I enjoyed how the tastes were all brought together. I came here with my boyfriend for his birthday and had asked for anything special in the reservation, but they didn't acknowledge it at all during the meal...but the table next to me got surprises for her boyfriend's birthday.... Regardless, our server, Megan was attentive, extremely knowledgable about the menu and genuine. We will be back. :)Great food ,great service  ,!! I love French food!!!! The wine was also very good i whent there with my friends  from here and we have a very good timeGot here around 6:30 pm and was surprised to see the place was almost empty. Filled up within an hour or so of being there though. 
Atmosphere- formal without being intimidating. Neat and simple. No frills to the ambiance here, but it works! 
Wait Staff - warm and attentive. 
Overall the food, ambiance, and service was good. Nothing was out of this world though!If you like "fast" food you'll love this place... 
The food and drinks (we did the pairing menu) were great, with the exception of the pork which was extremely salty. I would have offered four stars for that. Instead I'm giving Sbraga a grudging 2 stars, because the the overall service was so rushed it basically ruined the meal.
Plates and wines were delivered and snatched away within moments of one another, and we spent the meal with one of the servers watching us eat, and checking her watch. No joke. At one point a server asked mid bite how I was doing and peered over to see if my plate could be removed.  If they could have dispatched us in 30 minutes they would have. Instead we held on for a bitter hour.
By dessert we had become so uncomfortable being "timed" that we simply offered up to our server that we could move so they could seat a larger group (obviously part of their goal in shooing us along).  Why one of the clock-watching staff could not have taken the initiative and politely suggested this, perhaps seating us at the counter with a complimentary drink for the hassle, I'm not sure. We are reasonable people and understand that Friday is an important night for the restaurant business, if someone had politely asked we would have been more than understanding. Instead we left feeling like we'd had our pockets picked.
Overall a very disappointing experience which truly could have been avoided while still accomplishing the restaurants goal.We were really looking forward to the menu and were disappointed. The restaurant is very loud. Our server was forgetful. We waited 45 minutes between courses and our food was cold. The wrong desserts came out but then our server gave them to us complimentary in addition to ours choices. The dessert was good but everything else was forgettable.We went last night for my daughter's birthday. There was a card from the chef and team wishing her a happy birthday at her seat.The food was amazing-the flavors were intense and complex, and beautifully presented. I did not have the foi gras soup as I don't eat meat, and they had a wonderful carrot soup for me instead. The pace of dinner was perfect-not too fast and not too slow. The service was impeccable. The portions seem small, but by the time you have the popover, soup, and all four courses, we were comfortably full but not stuffed. Right before dessert, they brought us a bottle of champagne at no charge so we could celebrate our daughter's birthday-a very nice touch. My only con would be that we were a little too close to the next table.We enjoyed a great meal at sbraga last night.  The bread and soup to open the meal were amazing.  We also loved the lobster gnocchi and the char entree.   The surf and turf and dessert were probably not our favorites.  We will go back for sure.  The staff and overall look and feel of the place were awesome as wellVery good.  Food is not as refined as a top NYC place and a person could claim some dishes (ie: rabbit pot pie) fall short conceptually or that the wine pairings aren't that interesting, but....
For the price the kitchen puts out some great food. Though it sounds gimmicky, the foie gras soup is a must, as well as the Kentucky Fried Lobster.   Either of these is surprisingly worth the price of admission.  A big bonus is that the service staff.  All professionally trained and genuinely work to make customers happy.  For example, during our dinner the manager brought over  a brisket sample because we mentioned it sounded good.  
A great place that won't break the bank, like some other Philly restauranteurs are trying to do....;-)Big fan of top chef, and this is actually the first restaurant of one of the contestants that I've visited.  My fiance and I made reservations to celebrate my birthday here.
It was a really fun time.  I'm pretty new to multiple-course easing (beyond appetzier and dessert) and this was a great place to give it a try.  
I enjoyed each course, but the highlight of the night was definitely my fiance's dessert!  He chose the pana cotta crumbly deliciousness.  Totally jealous I didn't order it.
A cool place, a crowded place serving good food that strikes a nice balance between familiar and fancy.favorite restaurant in philadelphia.  hands down.  attention to detail is amazing.  innovative menu.  good value, good staff.  seasonal.  fresh.  pleases all the senses.  approachable.  accessible.  great place to entertain.  basically everything you want in a restaurant.- Foie Gras Soup--a tad salty but layers and layers of surprising flavor from bits of herbs, onions, fruit, etc.
- Black Cod had a little bit too much miso glaze on it and the kimchi (that's been marinated in sugar and vinegar I believe) was a bit too overpowering for me.  i love the flavors but everything together was a bit intense and i wanted a bowl of rice on the side!
- Arctic Char was recommended to us but thought it was just an ok dish
- The now famous Gruyere Bread is obviously a favorite amongst most and i did enjoy it very much; light and fluffy on the outside and cheesy and substantive on the inside
- (don't know if i was just full but...) the Meatloaf was over vinegar-ed (it was slathered in extremely overpowering sauce) altho the presentation was gorgeous.  the topping was way too much, unfortunately
- Lamb was perfectly cooked and this was my first time trying lamb belly, it was delicious but be prepared for how fatty it is!
- I'm usually not a fan of Napoleons/Mille-Feuille but it was really light and delicious with honey (and very sour balls of apple, but there were def too many of those)
- Surprisingly, there are very poor descriptions on the menu, esp for a set menu where you want to know what you're choosing between, altho the wait staff makes up for it i guess (for example, if you have cranberries in your panna cotta, i think you should include that in the description b/c that changes the flavor profile significantly)
- Coffee is from elixr on 15th st and they make it for you by drip in-house--they claim the beans have been roasted just 2 days prior to brewing them.  the key is the temperature of the water and ours was too hot and it burnt the grounds
- The service is really impeccable here but they're def on a slower time table than most restaurants so expect the 4-course dinner to take about 2.5 hours
- Hot Chocolate Mousse was good, nothing to write home about tho!
- BUT after all is said and done, overall the 4-course prix fixe is a STEAL for $45.A couple of bright moments, but overall was trying way too hard and experienced one unexcuseable miserable failure.  
First the failure. I didn't know it was possible to make a tough and tasteless short rib.  Best I could tell the kitchen treated it like a filet mignon instead of the polar opposite.  Seemed to have been seared, roasted and sliced, so it was pink in the middle, not a good thing for a short rib.  The cod on the other hand  was the bright moment, it was flaky and tasty.
The trying too hard was somewhere between funny and annoying. While  our waiter was attentive and did his basic job well, his descriptions of the food were mostly superfluous since the menu went into more then enough detail.  My guess is he was trained to perform the kind of food descriptions you'd expect on Top Chef, which is not what  I'm hoping for at a restaurant.  There I want information from the wait staff and when it comes to the subjectivity and superlatives, I want the food to speak for itself, especially so when the food does not live up to the scripted superlatives.I came here for my birthday and probably wouldn't come back here until the following birthday just cause of the prices. But it's so worth it. 
My boyfriend and I each ordered the 7 course tasting menu because why the hell not. The timing and portions of the meal culminated perfectly from 'ehhh not that full' to 'getting there' to 'just right.' I usually leave chef tasting menus feeling like I'm with child and lethargic, so to feel completely full and satisfied without discomfort was a wonderful treat. And they give you enough time to digest in between each dish, which is rare.  The meal did take up to two hours.
Overall, each dish (minus one) was executed flawlessly, was delicate and flavorful, made sense with every single spice and texture on the dish, and opened my mind to the variety of ways you can prepare a dish.
Favorites (in layman's terms): escargot in butter bowl, crab over snake-like pasta with red sauce, duck (or rabbit) thick pasta in white sauce, squid ink mystery appetizer thing, sea bass with celery decoration, apple cake with whiskey sauce and apple chips that looked like bananas but were, in fact, not. My fizzy sangria, though it was a little weak. And of course, the warm truffle oil bread that looks like a muffin, like holy crap, amiright?
Not digging: the "surf and turf" pork and octupus over heavily perfumey lentils/rice with too many peppercorns. And the worst of all (personal preference), the chicken liver mousse, served with papaya chunks and a peanut sauce. I actually had to switch that dish for the squid ink one. It was so unpalatable and the texture and taste felt wrong on so many levels. But if you're into carcass squeezed into a paste with a watery sauce then this is for you.
Decor is awesome. Diagon Alley exposed staggered brick in the bathroom, so that's cool.
Dropped it down a star for the weak drink, permanent bad taste of chicken liver mousse embedded in my brain, and the whispering, Prince-like way the servers introduced the dishes.Tried the tasting menu with 4 course meal, and it was pretty good! price is right for what you get.  Love the pastas, chicken liver, harissa and coffee cake. Wine selection is great. I think that the ambiance is very warm, love the open kitchen and dim lights.
Will come back!Went here for my 26th birthday and it was hands down the best meal I've ever had in Philly. Worth the money! The game hen?! Outta this world delicious.I was really looking forward to eating here and left fairly disappointed. Went with my cousin & his partner and did the the '4 courses for $45' menu option on a weeknight last week.  As expected, it was packed.
Besides the foie gras soup, there really wasn't a 'standout dish' which any of us ordered.  I had a sip of the foie gras soup.  Interesting initial taste with a subtle taste of the foie gras &  one of the better finishes to a soup I have tasted in quite a long time.  
What was disappointing was that so many of the dishes were underwhelming or even disappointing.  The claims with oriecchiette & fennel that I ordered had clams that were quite gritty.  Simply hadn't been cleaned sufficiently.  I wouldn't mind that if I ordered a bowl of steamers at a seafood place that had a few sandy clams.  Not a dish where you have several small neck clams where every one but one was gritty/semi-gritty.   
Chicken with brussel sprouts & sweet potatoes (overcooked and not well flavored), mascarpone with coffee granita & chocolate (too dry),  and lamb belly (again overlooked) were also underwhelming/disappointing.  
Seems like they are almost trying too hard at this point & working out the kinks especially in the kitchen.  Wouldn't be surprised if they won't have things working a bit better in the kitchen in another month or so. 
Wait staff was very professional and attentive.  Surprised though that our waiter recommended a bunch of the underwhelming dishes including the claims & oriecchiette.  
I also liked the layout & design.  It was loud but not overwhelmingly so.  Easy to hear dinner conservation at routine sounds levels.  It was nice not to have to yell or literally get right in the face of the person you wanted to speak with.  
If you want to try this restaurant, I would hold off a bit until they potentially work out of the kinks.  Maybe try it after Thanksgiving in early December.Let me say that right after dinner, I was going to give this place five stars... Now as I think back to dinner, there were a few things I would have liked to be different.  Let's call this 4.5 stars.
Our reservation was at 9:15, but the people at our table were taking their sweet time in leaving, so we had a drink at the bar -- the bartender was so much fun!  I normally just have gin & soda or a martini, but the cocktail menu was inviting -- not too much crap in the drinks, nothing sweet -- so I got the thing with gin and aperol.  It was really refreshing, but - as a guy - I was a little embarrassed by the rose petals on the top.
Anyway, we sat down around 9:30.  We didn't experience any of the service problems mentioned by other reviewers (and LaBan), but it was also later on in the evening, so who knows.  In any event, our servers were prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I was a little annoyed, though, that no one came around with a crumb scraper.
So, the menu: prix fixe four courses, with five or six choices per course for $45 (+$30 for wine pairing), or prix fixe six course chef's tasting for $65 (+something for wine pairing).  The six courses that day were fish heavy, and didn't suit everyone at the table, so we didn't go for that.
I started with the (legendary?) foie gras soup -- it was great!  Creamy, but not heavy, with subtle flavors of the foie gras, lemongrass, and a little heat from chili peppers.  The soup was well paired with a sparkling rosé.
For the fish course, I had the black cod with miso glaze and kimchee.  The fish was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the addition of apple slices to the kimchee was amazing.  The fish was paired with a Falanghina, which was ok, but didn't do it for me.
The meat course I chose was the lamb chop.  The chop was beautifully cooked, and was tender, juicy, and extremely flavorful.  This was paired with oatmeal (which the server addressed, and assured me it was cooked with lamb stock and tasted like a risotto) and pork belly.  Neither the oatmeal nor the pork belly had ANY flavor.  The consistency of the oatmeal did add something, but otherwise, I think the lamb could have been paired with something better.  I don't remember the wine this dish was paired with, but I remember it being just ok.
I had the mascarpone with coffee granita for dessert -- it was good, and was paired with a nice port.  I tasted someone else's hot chocolate mousse, though, and was really jealous.  The mousse was phenomenal, and I highly recommend it.
All in all, I highly recommend this place, and will definitely be back.  I think next time, though, I will choose my own wine.Very creative food with perfect portion sizes.
For once I didn't feel like I was going to explode from over eating.
Great cocktail program.
Service was top notch with a nod towards comfort. (A very nice blend you don't see too often).
Will surely be back!Sbraga was amazing. it was everything I wanted it to be. obviously if you're going here you're ok with spending some serious money on the tasting menu- and it's worth every penny.
I had the beets, the octopus, the pork and then the dirt w/ worms for dessert. YUM. 
My party sat at the counter so we could see everything being made and talk with the cooks- which was added fun. 
the beets were delicious, they have slices of makerel on top w/ radish. very flavorful and delicious.
the octopus was grilled and spicy- cool texture, but overall very light. 
the pork was to die for. seriously, it was so good I can still taste it if I think about it a week later. 
the dessert choices were the only things that seemed a little off to me. I had dirt and worms- which is basically mouse and cookie crumbles, so it all turned out ok in the end. but the choices weren't that extensive. my sister had apple crumble which was also delicious, but she commented that it would have been better warmed up. 
I would definitely recommend Sbraga- it's a great place with a great concept.We visited Sbraga last week. We waited at the bar while everyone else was arriving. The bartender was very knowledgeable and was helpful in making a delicious beverage selection. It was a great start to a wonderful dinner.
I did not know before I got to Sbraga that it was price fixed only (unless it was just the night I was there). The price seamed fairly reasonable for 4 courses but I wish I was able to give the rest of the guest a heads up before the dinner.
I had the Pork Belly to start which was recommended by our waitress. The dish was delicious and just a bit spicy. I loved everything about the octopus dish. I could have eaten two portions. The octopus was tender and had a kick. For a main dish I got the meatloaf which the waitress said the restaurant was known for. It was good but probably my least favorite thing of the night. My dessert was the Dirt Pudding. I couldn't resist homemade gummy worms. They were very citrusy and some of the best gummy worms I have had. I really enjoyed the portion sizes of each dish. By the end of the meal I was completely satisfied and not over stuffed.(2.5 Stars) Photos: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150353153361676&set=a.10150311275426676.332342.727646675&type=3&theater
I felt so conflicted after the meal. I walked out of Sbraga knowing full well that it has the potential to join the ranks of the great restaurants in Philadelphia, but it is just not there yet. I have to say though, considering that it is barely a few weeks old, it did well and i expect ratings for this place only to go up.
I went to Sbraga with a group of friends with great expectations despite the place being new. We wanted to try as many dishes as possible and since the tasting menu only starts the next week, we ordered as much dishes as the table can take and did it family style so I can do this review.
Service: The biggest letdown. The inexperience of the service is apparent despite their willingness. Service is frustratingly slow at the start (10 minutes to get water. 20 minutes to prepare my cocktail which came too late to be even called an apertif anymore), but improves as the courses arrive.
First Course:
Sweetbreads - decently good, like the idea of fleur de sel on top of it and the capers to go along
Blue Crab - nice and creamy, but still reeks of the "crabby" smell
Foie Gras Soup - I would say its an awesome soup if it was't called lemongrass cream soup. the lemongrass and other spices were so overpowering it killed the dish. nothing else makes sense afterwards. respect your ingredients please. modern cuisine for modernity sake is not the way to go.
Second Course:
Fish and Chips - nice take on the classic F&C, enjoyed it
Artic Char - I adored this dish despite my other companions calling it "just a salmon." balance of the cream and the fish is great.
Labne Ravioli - I couldnt understand this dish. Anchovies brought did not give the intended effect as the "fishiness" was too strong. tone it down and it would be great
Lobster Tail - executed to perfection. curry goes perfect with it as a complement. dump the dumpling and it would have been one of the best lobster dishes i ever had.
Third Course:
Lamb Belly - too much granola, other than that, its pretty amazing
Meatloaf - its great, i may be insulting it but it reminds me of Ikea meatballs when the sweet cuts the savory in the perfect balance.
Duck - average. really.
Top Sirloin - hands down worse dish of the night. soggy marrow crust, unevenly cooked. overdone top and medium bottom when i requested for medium rare. worst of all: IT WAS DRY. only dish i did not want to eat after a bite.
Desserts:
Singapore Sling - its disgraceful but im a Singaporean who hasnt tasted the Singapore Sling cocktail. its pretty good but needs to scale down on the lemongrass again.
Chocolate, Mascarpone - awesome richness and creaminess. choux provided the perfect textural contrast.
Apple Mille-Feuille - average at best despite the good creme chantilly
Pineapple Financier - a must order. pineapple crisp was so awesome.
Cheese Plate - brie was good but im just not a fan.
After my meal, I sent a pretty pointed email to the restaurant about my honest opinions and I appreciated that Chef Kevin took the effort to personally look into it. I hope this restaurant do shape up because i can really see its potential for greatness. I wish them all the best.Being a major Top Chef fan, I really wanted to fall in love.  With this place.  This is an expensive restaurant and the food was creative, so upon sitting down, you really do expect the best Philadelphia has to offer.  I could go into detail about what I ate, but it wouldn't change my overall impression.  There were two major things that led to my 3 star rating.
The odor.  I was put off by the overwhelming pork/bacon/sausage smell.  I realize these items are on the menu, but so too are they at 99% of restaurants, and most places don't have that overwhelming odor.
The crowded tables.  We were seated literally one foot away from the next couple.  They were on their first date.  It sounded like they met online  It was impossible to ignore all the first date things they were talking about - past boyfriends/girlfriends, how rudely they were treated by said past boyfriend/girlfriend, how past boyfriend/girlfriend begged them to come back, etc. etc. etc.  This really interfered with my husband and me having a normal conversation because newbie daters were right in our faces.  I told my husband "Tell me I'll never have to be out there again."Every thing was heavy and overly salted. I had only one night in phily and regret wasting my time and money here. Octopus probably was the worst ku treated! Soaked in oil and salt! I can not recommend this restaurant!Girls night out in Philly brought us to Sbraga. We arrived early for our 7pm reservation and were seated right away. We started with cocktails which were lovely. The popover and foie gras soup was such a great start. The soup was just the right amount  (though honestly I wanted more...) and had such a velvety texture. I loved the way the flavor built the more you tasted. Really great! The three of us all ordered different items and no one was disappointed. Standouts included the capicola mousse, the fettuccine with rabbit, the rigatoni with pork shoulder, the salmon and the Bavarian dessert. Our server was just attentive enough - there when she was needed but not overwhelming. We never felt rushed or crowded and even when the place was full it didn't feel overwhelmingly loud or cramped. I would happily return if I find myself looking for a fine dining experience in Philly again!We came back to Philly for a visit and Sbraga seemed to be the place for our 1 year anniversary.  I could sum it up in 3 words: too much salt.  The excellent service, especially from a very caring manager and the delectable desert saved the night for us.
- Foie Gras Soup:  the crunchy veg was refreshing.  However, the soup was dominated by lemongrass and saltiness so it should have been named creamy lemongrass soup.  What a waste of foie gras! 2 stars
- Wagyu Beef Carpaccio: thinly slice beef and fresh veg is a great combination then all that works are thrown away by the dstraction of chunks of salty crunch.  No balance, 1/2 stars.
- Escargots: the garlicky sauce is very nice, but again, the salt was a bit much.  However we did enjoy this dish.  Almost balanced, 3 1/2 stars.
- Wild mushroom & Sunflower seeds risotto: creamy sauce was great, but then the crunch, not cool! We could not finish it.  2 stars.  
- Blue Crab Bucatini: what a delightful dish, the pasta and the sauce were meant for each other and seasoned to perfection. 5 stars
- Veal Shoulder: amazing, the meat is perfectly cooked and paired with very fitting vegs: sauteed mustard green, cranberry and yam. 5 Stars
- Golden Tile Fish: amazing texture texture from the fish (this wonder fish presented itself).  However, we weren't too crazy about the pickled veg.  They were more of a distraction than a compliment.  3 stars.
- Pear tarts: Great dish, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, 4 stars.
- Malted Semifreddo: AMAZING! 5 Stars +++Def recommend this upbeat modern restaurant. Room fills up quickly so it is a must "make reservations" kind of establishment. Not only is the bar amazing but the kitchen staff work in a line of 6 or 7 (unlike I have ever seen) to put out this amazing and well thought out product. The ambiance is modern yet exuberant. My girlfriend and I had 4 courses and drinks. We probably spent over 2 hours there and watched 5 tables turn before we left. The staff is just like clientele base (young/modern, diverse, informative, and excited) while making you feel very welcome at the same time. Chef Sbraga is showing a great example of how to run a restaurant and how to keep consistency. He's made a great name for our school #jwuExcellent dinner, amazing ambiance.  You choose a four course dinner from about five options, all of which looked fascinating.  The chefs do an amazing job of blending and melding flavors and textures such that the bite evolved in your mouth as you eat it.  I've never had liver before (other than foie) but the chicken liver mousse was rich and flavorful and combined with enough sweet from the grapefruit and pickled papaya to create an amazing dish.  The other dishes were likewise creative and challenging without sacrificing flavor for flair.  Highly recommended.I wish I wrote down everything we ate here. We did a fixed menu for a group and everything was tasty. The wine list is also interesting. It was a bit noisy to have a conversation, but not impossible.While I really wanted to like this (love Top Chef, live nearby), I have to say I just wasn't that impressed, especially for the money you spend.  The space for the restaurant is beautiful so I enjoyed the atmosphere but there was really nothing on the menu that either myself or my date really loved.  I had the shrimp bisque which was just...ok.  I had the octopus for the second course.  I did like this dish but it felt just a tad over salted.  For the last course, I had cauliflower, sweet potato fritter with a red sauce and some beets.  Again, this was just ok and felt very salty.  I wanted to be blown away by at least one dish and I just wasn't.  I should note that I don't eat meat however my dad did and he wasn't impressed either.  He has the sea bream, calamari and pork belly for the second course and the lamb for the 3rd course.  We both loved our desserts, chocolate peanut butter and a mini pumpkin pie!  Definitely my favorite part of the meal.  I also did the wine pairing which was a nice touch.  So as I always say, in a city with so many wonderful restaurants, this place just really doesn't compete for me.We were really surprised at price of the four-course meal. It was very reasonable for the quality and selection on the menu. Favs: Beet tartare, hake, and quail/duck plus dirt/gummy worms for desert. Service is A+ and Anwar the bartender/beverage director was warm and incredibly knowledgable. Wished we lived in Philly so we could come back next weekend!!!I am sad to say I was disappointed in this place. It has  been on the top of my list in restaurants to try and thought for sure I'd have a new fav. 
Nothing was bad but nothing was GOOD. Philadelphia is literally exploding with amazzzzzing places to eat that the game has to be stepped up even to compete and I didn't find that. 
I would have enjoyed my meal more if I wasn't forced into a tasting menu and could order more or less as I'd like. The bill seemed astronomical to me in terms of small plates. Small plates at our usual haunts (Vernick, Zahav, etc.) are shareable plates. I could barely give my fiancée a bite without the entire portion being gone.nl
Service was great and everyone was extremely nice. Biggest positive: Gruyere popover was perfect. 
Everything else: eh.Although we were seated by the door, the experience was enjoyable. The four courses left us feeling just full enough. The food was absolutely delicious. And Chef Sbraga was very warm and hospitable to us as well as the rest of his staff.Not much of a reviewer but think it's only fair when you have such an excellent experience. Was visiting Philadelphia for the weekend and had looked up the best restaurants in town. Sbraga caught my eye not just because the food and setting looked great but also the price for four courses seemed really reasonable ($55). We had a table of four and had booked the week before but got in no problem for a Saturday night. We were seated straight away and looked after superbly, the staff were attentive without overbearing and gave us a thorough run through of the menu. I'm still thinking about the grilled bream, just a spectacular dish. Everyone I was with ordered differently so I got to try everything and must say everything tasted brilliant. I'll certainly be back next time I'm in town, amazing food at a really great price.Great food, good service. Took a large party here after a meeting. Was a bit hesitant about the family style service but it was perfectly executed. The most remarkable  were the soup and hamachi appetizers. Skate fish and port chop were good too. I highly recommend you try this restaurant.My husband and I went to Spraga for my birthday and overall, it was underwhelming.  The service was fantastic.  Our server gave excellent descriptions of the food that made it sound far better than it actually was.  We stood awkwardly in the cramped doorway for 20 minutes past our reservation time and ended up not being able to make the movie we had been planning to see afterwards, but we had a lovely stroll around the neighborhood and worked off a few of the calories.  
We started with the fois gras soup and lobster roll.  Both were tasty.  The soup was rich, creamy, spicy, with nice Thai flavors, however, I love liver and there was not even a hint of fois flavor in the bowl.  The lobster roll was refreshing and reminded me of summer on a cold winter evening.  
Our next course was charred octopus and clams with smoked buccatini.  The pasta dish was the best dish of the night - the sauce was spicy and and smoky and the pasta was cooked perfectly - but the clams were overwhelmed by the sauce and the dish would have been more successful with a different protein. The seasoning on the octopus was very tasty, but the dish would have benefited from more pickles. We each enjoyed one paper thin slice of carrot and radish. 
For the main course, we tried the fried Cornish hen and the lamb rigatoni. The pasta was pretty tasty. It came with dollops of smoked ricotta.  It was very comforting and rich food and not bad, if not particularly interesting flavor wise.  The chicken dish was by far the worst of the night.  It was so salty it was barely edible.  I am not one to send food back, but I came close.  It was awful.  It also came with like two pieces of cauliflower and and couple of pieces of homemade paneer that made no sense on the plate.  The whole time I was forcing it down, I dreaming of Federal Donuts chicken and wishing I was there instead.   
Lastly, I had the dirt pudding and my husband had a caramel cake with coffee ice cream.  The ice cream was delicious.  I liked my pudding, but the "homemade gummy worms" were super sour.  The coffee was superb.
I like strong flavors and lots of spice, so I enjoyed the heavy-handedness with the seasoning for the most part (except for the salt on the hen).  The portions were quite small overall, but we were full because there were four very rich courses.  I love meat as much as anyone, but I also like vegetables quite a bit and felt they were used too sparingly.  We're talking carrots not gold leaf, so why not give people a few?  This was not the worst meal I've ever had, but it was so far from the best, that I see no reason to ever return.second time we've been here - and every memory held true!  Indeed delicious, solicitous, and fun.  Lively music.  intimate seating or larger tables.  It didn' t feel crowded but was full.
i can think of a few suggestions or things to warn folks about - it's noisy.  tables in the front didn't seem to be as loud, but the back area bounces sound.  and the staff, who were really wonderful, were a bit over whelming.  i know they needed to turn the table, and i didn't exactly feel rushed, but it was intrusive at times.
the good things sooooo out weigh any room for improvement!  the foi gras soup is unlike anything you've ever tasted - a bit sweet, then rich and creamy, then a hint of heat.  omg - even the croutons pop in your mouth with flavor!  meatloaf and potatoes were not like mom's but intensely flavorful with creamy small potatoes.  roasted pork and broccoli rabe - not your philly sandwich and the provolone bread pudding was amazing!  spicy, and dreamy.  the octopus - super spicy...good for my partner but not me.  salmon was simply amazing - curry and crispy skin.   did you know the bread course is actually truffled popovers!?  Yup!  deserts - well, honestly, we were so full.  the curried rice pudding was awesome.  cheese plate pretty good too.  fig newton was soso.  key lime pie yummy.  it's one area were i'd love to see less, and more.  maybe a few intensely flavored chocolates?  interesting fortune cookies?  
you've got to go.  really - it's wonderful!A very good restaurant, with an excellent staff and an interesting menu. Although the food was very enjoyable, I thought it was a bit pricey for what it was, which is why I gave it four stars.Superb meal artfully presented. Four course meal a great value for the quality of food. Top notch service completes a most enjoyable dining experience.My schedule factored in and the fact that the city has an unending supply of great restaurants opening up has kept me away from a number of restaurants like returning to Sbraga.  My foodiest friends kept haunting conversations about how great it is though and how it's even better than before.  It's true, over the years Sbraga has evolved into a wonderful champion of great food for Philly.  I revisited and this time sat at the bar.  The bar tending staff were super great to talk too.  If you're into quality cocktails they're fun and legit.  My friend and I shared the FOIE GRAS SOUP  which is DIVINE and two main courses.  I had been entranced by the RABBIT GOLUMKI and it was surprisingly light and spring flavored with hints of mint and herb that made it full of subtle flavors.  We followed with the RIGATONI with LAMB SUGO.... OMG! this is a stunning dish of mouth watering flavor.... smokey, savory, peppery and just .... well I can't stop thinking about it.  
If you're having any need for indulgence - get to their bar, order a great drink, get the foie gras soup and the lamb sumo rigatoni and you will forget about your stress, you'll kiss your enemies, you'll donate to charities,... animated birds and hearts will rotate above your head as you walk out the door.The BF and I did Philly for Fourth of July Weekend and relied on Yelp to identify our short list of eateries during the long weekend.  Although there were a couple of reviews that said Sbraga was overhyped, it stood out as a clear choice for our Friday night dinner (plus their 9 PM reservation had 1,000 OpenTable points (yes, I'm a points fanatic)).
Overall, I was very impressed by experience at Sbraga, the service was excellent and the ambiance was relaxed, yet chic with the right amount of noise and bustle.  
And the food . . . by an large was excellent, with only a few meh moments.  
Popover with Truffle Butter - warm, fluffy and with a distinct taste on its own without the truffle butter.  A great start to the meal.  I may or may not have also ate a significant portion of the BF's serving.
Foie Gras Soup - barf. barf. barf.  I just can't.  I have always hated foie gras and the soup form was no exception.  The BF who tends to be picky, however, loved it.  Apparently, you can ask for an alternate soup if you hate foie gras or are against if for ethical reasons, or whatever.  After taking a tiny spoonful of the foie gras soup, I patiently waited for the next course.  Within three minutes I was offered the Carrot Soup.  Thank goodness.
Carrot Soup -  mmm. mmm. delicious.  Creamy, but light.
First Course:
Hamachi Crudo - this was meh.  Yes, Hamachi is pretty basic and is rarely bad, but I've had some excellent Hamachi Crudo at Marea and L'Artusi, so it can certainly be done better than what was served at Sbraga.
Chicken Wing - the BF had this first course.  I tasted it.  it as okay -- a bit on the bland side.  It was deboned, breaded and fried.  The cream based sauce that accompanied it was slightly spicy.
Second Course:
Duck Bolognese - AMAZING.  The waiter said that this was among the best dishes on the menu and it exceeded my expectations.  Pasta was perfectly al dente and the flavors blended perfectly.  I didn't want it to end.  I ate very slowly.
Saffron Spaghetti - the BF had this.  It was okay and very forgettable.  It definitely pales in comparison to the Duck Bolognese.
Third Course:
Game Hen - this was leg quarter and breast of the hen and also portions of a cool chicken salad.  I generally shy away from chicken entrees, but this was very flavorful and exceeded my expectations.
Fourth Course:
Cheesecake - the bf had this an thoroughly enjoyed it (this does not happen often).
Chocolate "Crème" - loved it.  this was very light and was mostly banana based.  There were approximately three banana flavors/objects on my plate (I believe a fermented banana, banana sherbert and some super tasty and amazing banana custard) and two chocolate (pebbles and ganache).  It was basically a party in my mouth.  I highly recommend it.
There were some highpoints and a few lackluster offerings, but overall Sbraga offered flavorful dishes that were traditional yet innovative.  I would certainly return during another visit to Philly.My experience at Sbraga last night made me very happy.  I would like to see this restaurant succeed and thrive and I believe it has the potential.
As I entered the restaurant I could tell that the renovations and new layout worked very nicely.  The bar is off to the left and it seems that they have their "quick-fire" kitchen out in the open so you can see the kitchen staff hard at work.  Nice touch.
We all went for the tasting menu and it is a value.  For my first course, I went with the truffled chicken caesar salad.  While this may seem like a very safe bet I can assure you that the homemade dressing had the zing of anchovies and they spared no expense on the insane amount of truffle on the chicken.  I did get a taste of the sweetbreads which where quite crispy and delicious.
Second course, fish and chips.  Oh my God.  These were just ridiculously good.  The fish was fried perfectly (aka, light, not oily) and the few chips were cooked nicely as well.  What made this dish stand out was the use of curry in both the batter and sauce and thinly sliced jalapeno.  It just made it delectable.  Really, you've gotta try them.
Third was the lamb belly with an avocado puree.  It was delicious and I expected it to be that way.  The plate was highly artistic and very rich in flavor.  The portion size was also substantial.
Finally, a cheese plate for dessert.  There was an american camembert and another cheese which I don't recall.  It was awesome.  Great portion size and with a Central Waters Pale Ale, my palette and my stomach were happy.
Food, decor, service, this place really shines.  I can't wait to return.  It's the perfect pre-theater meal.Insane prices for tiny portions. My husband's fried chicken was so salty we had to send it back. We both left hungry, dehydrated, and poorer. 
This place would be nothing without the theatre crowd and the Top Chef name.I went with my family for my birthday and everything we ordered was just amazing. We didn't do the wine pairing or either of the supplements to the menu so I can't speak to that. 
Every course was great. The sauces were perfectly seasoned. I would have licked the plate clean if we were alone. Everything was beautifully plated.  
The service was excellent and helpful. My Mom is a vegetarian and the waiter knew everything about which dishes included meat and which didn't. I would love to come back all the time. They cleared every dish as soon as you finished and brought new utensils for each course. We absolutely loved it and will return soon for our next big special dinner.Finally had dinner here last night with a couple of friends after wanting to come here for years. The four-course dinner was excellent! Each course was clearly prepared with care. I highly recommend the beef tartare as an opener! Filet mignon with mashed potatoes and oxtail was worth the up-charge as was the spaghetti with king crab. My only criticism is that I actually felt like four courses (plus an amuse bouche and popover) was a little too much and too rich. Otherwise, would highly recommend and eat here again.I had an absolutely fantastic meal at Sbraga.  Top Chef Kevin really knows what he's doing.  You can see him all night working in the kitchen running the orders.  I started with a glass of Gewurztraminer at the bar while I waited for the rest of our party.  Bonus points for serving that wine by the glass, it's one of my favorites and hard to find at Philly restaurants.  
The tasting menu is the way to go, unless you just want to order something at the bar.  After we ordered, we each received a delightful brioche muffin filled with cheese and truffle.  It was awesome.  
My first course was the sweetbreads.  I don't usually order sweetbreads, but I figured I'd give it a shot, and they were really tasty and crispy, served with a lemony sauce and roasted tomatoes.   
Second course was the arctic char with a hollandaise sauce.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and I was really happy with the option because I've loved arctic char ever since I had it at Le Bec Fin, and I don't see it offered too often.  The sauce was perfect as well, buttery and lemony, but not too heavy.  
Third course was the meatloaf with bacon marmalade.  Again, super delicious.  Bacon marmalade belongs on everything.  A certain food blogger friend should consider replicating it.  The meatloaf had some Italian seasonings, and was very flavorful.  Also, the mashed potatoes that came with were creamy and delicious.
Fourth course was the cheese plate.  I probably should have written down the names of the cheeses because they were perfect.  They came with two pieces of toast and a fig cake that tasted like the inside of a fig newton.  
Service was stellar as well.  There was some kind of issue between our first and second courses so they knocked a few drinks off the bill.  I understand that things happen, and I appreciated their pro-activeness to rectify the situation, and when we left the waiter kept apologizing about it and saying he hoped we would be back.  I will definitely be back!For those of you who just come here to read the reviews, let me share something quick (if you want to skip, go to the ***) - as we're writing, the right side of the screen is filled with other people's reviews. Maybe it's for inspiration, maybe it's to make sure you don't copy from someone else... either way, as I begin to write this review, I see someone describing their brain as Fred (Flinstone) and Biff (the only Biff I know is from Back to the Future) - Fred enjoying large portions of meat and potatoes, Biff enjoying Sbraga. 
Directly underneath the psychoanalysis we've got a lady talking about giving an "O" for the server, Tomas, and how she "forevermore" wants to hear his voice in her head (I know, taken out of context, or even in context, this one is a little steamy). 
And then the final review in the fold describes portions so small it'll prevent this starved person from ever returning (1st world problems, I assure you). Anyway, I really wanted to share that.
*** AND NOW THE REVIEW ***
Just barely missed a 5. I'll be up front so there's no agonizing wait - I wasn't a fan of my third, which has a supplemental cost ($18 beyond the $45): the Wagyu steak with a poached egg. I didn't realize until I was eating, but that was my first steak and eggs experience. It's served in a broth that makes everything, well, wet. I don't like my meat wet. It wasn't bad at all, just wasn't my thang.
She didn't like part of her deconstructed tiramisu - I loved it, but I have to represent all sides here... the part she didn't like? The frozen coffee shavings (they're delicious - get it).
Everything else? Fantastic!
Service - excellent, friendly, helpful.
Menu - four courses, $45 - first, second, third, dessert.
Do you get to see the celebrity chef who won Top Chef, Kevin Sbraga? YES - he's cooking in the open kitchen, and often does. 
What'd we get? 
Firsts: foie gras soup and fried green tomato (comes with smoked sweetbread). Interesting notes on the firsts - if you're not a fan of foie gras, GET THIS SOUP. I'm not a fan, and loved it. Served atop white rose petals, onion, and pumpernickel cubes. 
Same deal with the sweetbreads that accompanied the fried green tomato. Not a fan of them, but these were done so well that I didn't even think about it. The dish was like a deconstructed BLT.
Seconds: Parsley, Pork Belly, Escargot, and Mushroom Risotto (what a mouthful: both in writing and in tasting), AND the sturgeon with kimchi, bok choy, and a red wine apple puree. To steal from Campbell's - mm mm good. 
Thirds: You already know about my wagyu experience. She had the pork loin with pickled strawberries, sesame crunch granola, and leeks. What a tantalizing combination. The strawberries with the pork... oh baby. 
Dessert: Chocolate tart with pistachio ice cream... really nice. The tart is soft and is cradled in a soft yet substantial crust; combined with a bit of the ice cream and oof - bliss. I already told you about the tiramisu... get it =)
Everything looked beautiful, tasted great, and again, the service was very solid. We even struck up conversation with our neighboring diners. 
Tremendous experience, we'll be back!Exactly how the decision was made to come here, I could not recall at the time. We lyfted there. He said, "It's unusual that I don't know where we are going. Generally, I make the reservation and I pick the restaurant." The restaurant was quiet for a week night. We were led to the window table. He marveled at the seating selection. There were two best seats in the house. He said. One in the middle but with a bit of privacy. The other by the window. The one in the middle was already taken and we were given the window seat, aka the best seat in the house that was available. I took a mental note. 
Philadelphia has adopted a lot of New York style dining. Prix Fixe menu was abundant. Sbraga offers a $55 per head, four course meal. For what they serves up, it's an incredible deal. 
Gruyer popover and foie gras soup to start. Rich and flavorful. 
Hamachi ceviche next. It might be the best I've ever consumed in my life. Lamb tartare had a middle eastern flair to it. Very inventive. The next dish is a pasta dish, jerk lamb bolognese and spaghetti with blue crab were incredibly flavorful.
Ordinarily we'd have enough to eat but we continued with the entree. He opted for surf and turf and I had the fish. It's interesting when you have so many creative dishes on the offering, the dining options essentially become a careful balancing act between what you had previously had and what you would have on the next dish. We were deeply satisfied with our mains. The dessert choices were relatively easy. Sweet corn turnover and cheese.
Cheese course as the last dish is brilliant, and thankfully, this being Philly, they don't charge you extra. Most European restaurants offer cheese course as a dessert course. Nice to have them to include it. 
We did not spend a lot of time talking. We ate. And we ate.
Sbraga's Top Chef is gifted, crafty and creative.  The attention to detail and the use of varied ingredients were better than an above average pricy San Francisco restaurant. When I worked in Philly in the 90s, I remembered the food was already fanciful. It only improved more ever since then. Just then, it dawned me that Sbraga is listed as one of the 38 essential restaurants in Philly by Eater, and that's how I made the reservation. 
Satisfied, I expressed my interest in coming back here. He interpreted it as my general endorsement of Philly, which he frequented for work.  "Will you come back with me?" He asked. When I did not answer straight away,  the question became a statement: "You are coming back with me."High end cuisine without pretension or a crazy price tag. We've sat at tables and at the chef's bar, and both were great. Service is perfect. Wine pairings are well considered and match well. Highly recommended!In looking for a special restaurant to celebrate a birthday, I decided to try Sbraga.  I thought the menu looked interesting and there were definite dishes that I knew would appeal to us (the foie gras soup, for one example) and so I booked a reservation for the Chef's Table.
We were seated promptly and Yuli our server was awesome.  We sat at the Chef's Table - or rather marble counter - was and is the best seat in the house; at least for us. We started with some great cocktails and some amazing large popover- gougères  was the house bread.  for my courses; I had the potato ceviche, clams and bucatini, the NY strip and the caramel coffee cake with coffee ice cream.  My dining partner had the foie gras soup (AH-MAY-ZING!), the octopus, NY strip and the cheese plate.  We finished with sherry, ruby port and coffee.  I loved every dish I had and tasted all of the other ones as well - and they were all very good.  This is not food for the spice-weak or wary.  Great savory, spicy, bold flavors but nothing overpowering that lingered.  Great pops of flavor that quickly dissipated to allow you to enjoy the next set of flavors and textures.
Chef Sbraga was to our left all night and very attentive to every dish that went out to every diner.  He came over to wish my dining partner a happy birthday and we were also given a little birthday goodie bag with a copy of the night's menu and a handmade treat from Chef Sbraga.
The four course menu for $49 is definitely reasonable for the food that you get, although my dining partner felt the $15 extra upcharge for the NY Strip should have equated to a larger portion, but we didn't leave hungry.
I would definitely recommend Sbraga and I can definitely say that we will be returning to try all of Chef Sbraga's dishes.  A Philadelphia gem and a true 'Top Chef'.We went to Sbraga tonight for the first time to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. I knew it was going to be phenomenal from the moment we walked in. We were greeted by the manager who led us to our table and left us with a birthday card for my boyfriend signed by the chef himself. Our server Dawn was simply amazing. Her care and attention to detail was unmatched, and she was beyond friendly and helpful. The meal was incredible from first course through last. Everything was impeccably prepared, and the portions were perfect. I am gluten free (not by choice) and everyone was incredibly accommodating about it. Oftentimes I worry about admitting I have celiac disease for fear of being a pain, but Dawn was super sweet about everything, and made sure to let me know that everything she put in front of me was safe to eat. The cherry on top of the entire evening was a complimentary dessert paired with moscato, and a gift bag with house- made biscotti and a birthday card for the guest of honor. As we walked out, bellies completely full, Chef Sbraga himself thanked us for coming in- I wanted to thank HIM for letting us experience such a wonderful meal! We will definitely be talking about this meal for weeks to come and will be recommending Sbraga to anyone who will listen!I heard this place was awesome, and don't get me wrong, it is. But would I eat here on the reg? No.
We had gotten the tasting menu- awesome. First course I got the wedge salad, which had this brown powder on the lettuce leaves. I inquired about it and was told it was charred onion that was pulverized- very interesting- too bad it didn't taste like anything. The hubs got the salmon with mango and frozen yogurt. He's very adventurous with food, but said it was weird and the mango and yogurt were tasteless.
On to the next course- scallop and pork belly as well as the fish with the hummus. What they failed to describe is that the hummus is red pepper hummus and it was really spicy! So much so I was glad I had my cortisone with me, as I thought my tongue was going to blow up from the spice. Scallop was cooked to perfection and paired with the pork belly was a creative and tasty combination. My fish dish on the other hand was just blah.
Third course we both ordered the pork with the granola and pickled strawberries. This was the best course (after my dessert). I thought it was going to be such a strange pairing, but it is in a good way. So delicious, who would have thought these things could play so well off of each other? Win.
Dessert was a warm chocolate cake with pistaccio ice cream. If a warm chocolate cake isn't good, the chef has a real problem on their hands. This was heaven. Hubs got the cheese plate, which was a bit disappointing( !). I think one of the cheeses was white cheddar, the other a brie- nothing I can't buy myself at Trader Joe's. We were both stuffed after the 4 courses.
Like I said, this place is interesting and hats off to chef Sbraga for his inventiveness, but I've concluded that I don't want to eat interesting food all the time. Cool experience, but not a local hang.