We have dined here many times but today's visit was such a disappointment...
My husband ordered the special, chicken parmigiana, he opted for pasta instead of salad. What a mistake that was, the gravy on the pasta was so sweet he couldn't eat it. And the gravy on the chicken was good, totally different from that on the pasta. Asked our server Gary to check with chef about the difference in flavors and the reply was "yes, there is sugar in the pasta sauce?, NOT a tasty gravy at all. And to add to our disappointment $25. for chicken parmigiana special, REALLY chicken for $25. that's obscene!  The lobster ravioli and shrimp lemoncello are less than that and they taste much better. NOTE TO SELF: Next time my husband wants Chicken parmigiana go to Pietro's around the block, excellent gravy and a reasonable price.This place looks good from the outside. However, nothing was good. The food was bland. The hostesses are bubble gum chewing, annoyed looking sadfaces. The music,loud fist bumping techno, was annoying. We won't be back here.We dined here last Saturday night after failing to make a reservation anywhere.  We were told it'd be a 40 minute wait, but was only about 25 minutes before we were sat.  The place was very crowded and loud.  We were sat (around 8pm) between tables who both had children sitting at them -- looks like some people bring thier kids for the pizza?  Both sets of children were well behaved, and the place was so crowded we didn't hear a peep.  
Service was decent, but friendly.  The food was just ok.  Bruschetta appetizer was mediocre, but we were famished.  The oil for the complementry bread was inetible.  Tasted like dollar store olive oil!  Salads were good.  I ordered the chicken salad with dressing on the side for my entree (it arrived with the dressing on the salad).  My guest had the grilled chicken.  It arrived looking beat into a pancake - was super thin and encompassed the entire circumfrence of the plate with a small salad on the top.  Odd.  But ok.  Nothing to impressive or awful.  We both ordered coffee, which arrived tepid at best.  Tiramisu was good.  So overall, it was just ok.  The pricing is a bit high for just ok.  $10/glass house wine.  $25-30 entrees.  
Lastly, it's very loud.  The music was really loud thoughout the venue.  We noticed on our way out, there was a makeshift dj set up with his lap top next to the hostess stand.  Seems like the place is trying to be ubber hip while also catering to an upscale Italian feel.  Mixing the two seems weird.  Either you want the super hip 20-30s nite life crowd, or you want the more sophistocated, somewhat hip, Rittenhouse Square crowd.This place deserves its 2 star average.  The food is totally mediocre, at best.The food was pretty good, but the service was very slow and our server seemed irritated by our very presence.   I don't understand what the big deal was about this place.  We couldn't wait to leave.I really wanted to give this restaurant a good review......I really did.  Especially since the service was great.  But I just can't.  If you like good italian food...........do NOT go here!  The food is okay......at best.
My husband ordered the Le Pappardelle Di Portofino and it was just okay.  The penne was good, but the chicken was gamey, tough and overcooked.  I ordered the rigatoni alla bolognese and it was HORRIBLE!  I make better meat sauce at home and it tasted and smelled like Chef Boyardee.  
Pros
Good service
Late night kitchen - open til 11pm on a Sunday
Cons
Cold bread
Food is just not very tasty
Overpriced for what you getBad first experience. Food poisoning. Salmon. I should know better. Made my visit to the easy coast less fun.I was not impressed! The atmosphere was nothing spectacular, very basic. The waiter was also basic. I ordered the lobster raviolli and calamari and the food was not good at all. The drinks were flat. I won't return.We had a large group dinner here during restaurant week on the second floor, and were satisfied overall with the service and logistics, although the food itself left plenty to be desired.  The margherita pizza was just passable with a thin crust but rather rubbery cheese layer.  The fried calamari was okay but pretty standard and didn't really stand out.  The seasonal field greens salad was basically mixed greens, tomatoes, and shredded carrots tossed in EVOO - very basic.  The veal scallopine was very salty with a strong lemon flavor, which made it almost too acidic.  The veal itself also was not the most tender, although I did appreciate that it was pounded very thin.  The accompanying roasted potatoes were also very salty and the side of broccoli was literally 2 large spears of plain broccoli.  My grilled salmon fillet was nicely seared to a perfect rare but the salmon itself was extremely fatty and seasoned with a bit too much salt.  The side of sauteed lentils and spinach was okay, but a bit salty and greasy, as well.  The spicy rigatoni bolognese was okay, but again, a bit too salty; there was plenty of meat in the sauce, though.  The dessert was probably my favorite part, as the tiramisu was creamy and decadent, the cheesecake smooth and flavorful, and the chocolate cake moist and rich.  The servers were very friendly and we did get our food relatively quickly.  This was also one of the few restaurants in Rittenhouse Square with room for 25+, which gives it an extra star.  Food is maybe 2 stars.I went to Serefinas after the restaurant across the street the Dandelion had a 30 min wait to get a table. I should have waited.... I entered Serefinas in hopes of getting a solid well prepared piece of protein .. The brunch menu had steak and eggs for about 23 dollars. The steak was an over cooked under seasoned cheap cut of meat with eggs sunny side up and frozen French fries.. The calamari was over seasoned way to salty for my taste.. And another gripe I have is ... It took at least 15 mins to get a cup of ice water in a rather unpacked restaurant.. Will not be back.. Will not recommend..Our group was a statistic...ended up eating here because everything else nearby was packed on a weekend evening. But, it turned out to be a serendipitous turn of events in the end.
The bresaola appetizer was amazing (meaty and lemony and argula-y), as was the risotto. The gnocchi were tasty but not mind blowing. Overall, we were happy with everything we ordered. This place is a great choice for some solid Italian food.
But what totally made the experience was our server, Shereen. She was friendly and talkative but in no way annoying, and totally fun.
I generally don't opt for Italian food, but I would definitely come back here.I was excited about going to this restaurant for restaurant week. The atmosphere was nice, but as I waited at the bar for the rest of my party to meet me the bartender was unprofessionally talking to his coworker about another coworker. Once my party arrived, I had to ask to be seated. I had to ask for several things (bread, water) from the waitress that should be been her responsibility. She was not attentive to my party at all. However, my meal was superb yet the service was less than desired.We needed carbs before our race in Philly and chose this restaurant. Food is ok. The portions are small relative to the price. Restaurant is in a nice safe area.I am so surprised to read the low star rating for Serafina. My family & I (husband & 2 kids) ate dinner here on a Sunday after visiting the Franklin Institute. We were pleased with just about everything!
The kids:
Young 1 just ordered the penne & butter from the kids menu - decent amount of buttery pasta & they knew to bring it out 1st along with the apps.
My older child had the spinach & cheese ravioli from the adult menu since the kids menu didn't have ravioli listed. It was delicious!! The pasta def tasted homemade - thin & tasty.. The butter & sage sauce was so scrumptious my husband & I used it to dip our calamari in:)
That said - the portion for a grown up doesn't seem like it would have been that filling. 
We had the calamari app which was very good & non-rubbery. Not THE best in Philly but definitely up there. Tasty marinara- not too thick, not too runny.
My husband ordered the salmon which was cooked perfectly - even our little ones ate some - & yes, it was big enough to share. It was served with black beans & spinach & was VERY tasty!
I decided on the Goat Cheese salad which was large & delicious. Bonus- the goat cheese is warmed on a sliced piece of banquette & drizzled with honey. I had chicken added on the top along with the pine nuts & grape tomatoes - I LOVED my salad! 
For my "entree" I decided on an appetizer that I couldn't pass up. - avocado & shrimp on arugula with a champagne mustard dressing. YUMMMM I will be back to Serafina for this alone. A unique & wonderful dish!
For dessert my youngest had vanilla ice cream - creamy & delish & my oldest had the cheese cake which we all loved!! Very creamy ricotta cheese filling - like authentic Italian cheesecake should be!
O.K. For the Negatives--  we were there on a Sunday evening & it wasn't crowded yet our waitress kept getting rather "confused". We're giving her the benefit of the doubt & thinking she was new-?? She was polite & helpful but forgot a couple things & kept having to double check our order with us, even having a dish prepared incorrectly & forgetting to add my daughters dish to the order. 
*things she forgot - marinara on the side for the little ones penne - luckily my daughter didn't need or ask for it .. & she also forgot my husbands side of roasted potatoes which we forgot about until we got home! Our fault for being too caught up in our conversations ,etc. to notice , but we were probably charged & paid for them. Bummer :(
Also, there was a long lull waiting for the kids' desserts to arrive. Lulls at the end of the meal when we're waiting to leave drive me crazy!!
For our meal for a family of 2 adults / 2 kids paid over $200 after a trip to the museum. 
That being said we also indulged in 2 Peronis ($6 each) & 2 glasses of merlot ($10 each). Also our salad & appetizers were very generous portions & would have been enough alone. Having been our 1st visit , we didn't know or could have ordered less. 
We will definitely be back. I hear the margherita pizza is incredible.  Cute friendly place with some great dishes!!Meh. The food is decent, our waiter was nice but this is such a "scene" place - in PHILLY. The trance/house is thumping/loud - so much that my husband and I could barely hear each other talk. The tables are teeny/cramped, and you're guaranteed to get smacked in the elbow at least twice while you're eating. The kitchen is also really slow...one app and two pastas = hour+ meal. 
The lobster spaghetti was pretty good, but the fettuccine was just ok. If you're down with trying to eat some decent Italian with "Castle in the Sky"-esque music, you might like it but there are so, so many other options in Rittenhouse.Serafina Philadelphia was well able to handle Sunday lunch for a group of six for a group of diners that included one celiac, who was thrilled to be able to order a gluten-free pasta dish. The rest of the lunch was solid. Again, wish the table-service bread had been the brioche I had my first visit to Serafina, but I do like the olive oil slurry its served with. The sausage in my build-your-own omelet was singed-to-burnt, but I was able to eat around it--thankfully not a hangry day! The Bresaola pizza was delicious, though a little salty: love the combination of arugula with cured meat!Visiting Philly for two nights.  Walked by Serafina the first night-it was packed.  Walked by later that night-still packed. Early the second night it was also packed, so we opted to try it, figuring anywhere packed mid-week is going to be good.  Our intuition was right.  Sure, there was a wait, but the hostess found us when our table was ready and we enjoyed sidewalk seating.  The table was small, but we had two small tables pushed together, so it was great.  The chopia salad was great to split before a delicious pizza.  Splitting a salad and a pizza was plenty of food for dinner.  Food was good.  Service was good.  Prices were fair-you know going-in this is not Pizza Hut.  If you want Pizza Hut prices, go to Pizza Hut. If you want a nicer, casual, MUCH tastier place to sit down and enjoy a pizza, and a glass of wine, try Serafina.Out of 8 people 7 didn't like food. It seems that just some random person cooked pasta for the first time in his life. I tried risotto special, was just horrible. And expensive. plate sizes are smaller than usual. Waiter service was ok, piza was ok.  It was cold inside because we sit next to the entrance, some of us had to put on coats. Wouldn't go there again.This was a perfect spot to catch up with a friend on Saturday night. We didn't have reservations anywhere, and by happenstance walked into Serafina. Tables were incredibly close together, but we got to sit next to a wall, which was a relief. Our server was pleasant and we both enjoyed our meals.
I'm only docking a star because it drives me crazy when restaurants up-charge without telling me. I loathe tomatoes passionately, so I asked if my chicken paillard's "arugula and tomato" side could be substituted for something else. "What were you thinking of?" my server asked. I said, "Potatoes, maybe?" thinking that was close to tomatoes. Yeah, extra $3 on my bill, which is pretty lame.
Otherwise, the experience was really nice, though I think I might like to sit outside if I ever stop in again.It's was awful! We should have taken the hint when we were at bar waiting for a seat and notice that not a lot of people were eating dinner. We took the chance anyways and got seated. We ordered the calamari, thinking it would be a safe choice since we had seen others order it. 
Well long story short it was awful. It had no seasoning and was over cooked. The service was not any better. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and they fail miserably. 
Grab a drink from this place, but definitely do not have dinner here unless you want to be disappointed.Not worth it! I'm not sure why this place garners so much hype. The bartender was incredibly unfriendly and struggled to make very simple off-the-menu cocktails. As for the food, anyone who knows good Italian knows that this is NOT good Italian. Nice try Serafina. Our dishes looked pretty, but had no flavor. 
Head to Dandelion or Tria instead.The food was mediocre. Pretty standard. However. I waited almost a half hour for my food and then the waiter who's name is Elias K came out without checking on us and was like oh you didn't get your food?  Sorry wheat pasta takes longer. It also felt like he was trying to talk us into leaving and making it seem like our food was going to take another 15 minutes. When our food came out he did not check on us. In fact, he walked by and avoided us while my water glass was empty. I flagged down the bus boy and he took care of it and tried to make it right.  He came out and it felt like he was being very condescending towards us saying "oh if I had the money I would pay for your bill but you don't have to tip me."  I would get out if this guy is your waiter.I was here this past weekend for a volleyball tournament and ordered steak and fries. Steak was ordered medium and came out over cooked and rubbery. I'm sorry but if a restaurant cannot cook a steak properly, then they probably shouldn't have it on the menu. Definitely not worth the $39.The food (Italian) is pretty good and they offer you a good size portion. I've had the gnocchi, pizza, calamari and ravioli all were very tasty.   Staff was polite and they were pretty quick to bring out our meals.  They are not great for large groups.  The first time I came here was with a large group and they sat us awkwardly and a bit tight.  It was also hard for the server to navigate the way we were set-up.  The food was good, so I wasn't against trying it again but this time with like 4 people.  I really think the issues we had were related the first time were related to our party's size.  Solid Italian restaurant for lunch.  (Both times I was here for lunch so I can't speak to their dinner time experience).The actual food is good and so is the red Russian Pinot noir they have. But the service was disengaged and a bit aloof. I actually play with the thought of diminishing one more star from this rating because little things do matter. Not offering fresh ground pepper and seeing that any grated cheese could be added to your dish automatically in an Italian pasta restaurant is hard to overlook. Spilling olive oil on the table during a clumsy clean up can be overlooked as long as pardon is begged. Ignoring a table of six on a slow night so that you can watch passers by thru the window... Not so much!
But the food was really good and my photos should showcase that. Just know you may have to be a bit forgiving.Kudos to Serafina (Zack and Dana were the best!!!) - they came through with a last minute miracle for a party of 22 celebrating my moms 94th birthday. We originally were going somewhere else and that didn't pan out. My future son in law contacted Serafina and asked if they could handle 22 people that were going to show up in 10 minutes!!! Serafina staff said sure! We had the use of their private room up stairs overlooking 13th street! What a great time. I can't thank the staff enough. Truly a Christmas miracle saved our night!!! Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!!!!Food is good but why is the service so bad? They never greet you at the door to let you know they will be helping you after whatever it is they are busy doing. They did not replace my silverware after clearing every piece of it with my salad plate, and never give me a knife for a burger. There are a dozen employees walking, sitting, standing but no one to refill your drink. It's confounding.First time here and I was highly disappointed. I had pizza with vegetables and it came out Luke warm, like it had been sitting for a while. My friend ordered the vegetable platter and said it was cold and disgusting. The only good thing was that the server was nice. The food needs to be better if they are going to charge what they charge for it. I won't be going back.Looks like I had a better experience here than several other reviewers -- not perfect, but better.  Probably helped that we came in the late afternoon, and there were plenty of tables available.  (We were seated at a window, which was nice -- but the table was *impossibly* small, which might be my main complaint.  Really, it might be alright for one person ordering one dish, but not even close for two of us.)
Service was very good.  We ordered a salad with pears, etc. -- lovely and fresh-tasting.  Main courses were ravioli with spinach, ricotta and sage butter, and a pizza with smoked salmon.  Everything was tasty if not outstanding.  Courses are on the small side, but these three dishes were certainly enough for the two of us.  On the other hand, the portion size and prices make this comparable to Barbuzzo -- but Barbuzzo's food is vastly more imaginative and better prepared.  Excellent thin pizza crust at Serafina, though.According to the reviews-to-date, Serafina is hit-or-miss. I took a chance and made a reservation for four when long-time (foodie) friends came to visit. I have to admit, I almost reconsidered after reading the Yelp! reviews, but I'm glad we decided to take the chance.
It was a windy, slightly rainy Sunday morning, and two of us arrived a little before Serafina opened. Thankfully the outdoor tables and chairs were set up, so we took a seat while we waited for the doors to open. We chose to sit indoors, due to the slightly chilly spring morning, and, as first in, had the pick of table (literally, the hostess told us we could choose wherever). We chose to be by the accordion-folding windows, which were wide open. By the time the final two in our party arrived, we were slightly chilly. Thankfully the occupants of the neighboring table were also cold, so we all agreed to close the windows (Serafina's staff were very accommodating).
Our waitress was slightly chattier and more casual (copping a squat in an empty chair to discuss one of the menu options) than might usually appeal to me, but she was perfectly polite and when sour cream and strawberry jam was requested (and not found in the kitchen), she substituted ricotta and strawberries, which made for a lovely brioche toast topper.
The omelet (made-to-order) was large and full of spinach, mozzarella, and Italian-style sausage: delicious. The side salad was slightly bland, but it made a nice contrast to the omelet. And the aforementioned brioche was fantastic. My companions all enjoyed what they had ordered (apparently the "Steak and Fabulous Eggs" were really fabulous!).
We'll certainly be back to try some more items on the menu (the burger was calling to me, because I'm always on the quest for the perfect burger, but brunch won out). Crossing our fingers that our experience is not a one-off!I visited Serafina for dinner and was truly impressed by the level of service I received, particularly from our waiter. He went above and beyond the call of duty to accommodate various allergies and dietary restrictions in my party. Recognizing that one of the members of the party had a severe nut allergy and would not be able to eat the bread that was made off site, he voluntarily asked the kitchen to prepare a focaccia from scratch that would be nut-free. The service was truly exceptional and I haven't been able to stop raving about Serafina since we visited! A must for anyone with allergies/food restrictions.Good but not great.  Had the calamari, tuna/salmon tartare, baby shrimp and salad, spaghetti with lobster and several of their desserts during a company dinner.  Nothing stood out as exceptional.  They do have some good Italian wines.I find myself really torn on this review, which is why I'm going with three stars.  I don't think I would have ever eaten here if not for meeting up with friends who changed our original destination, but I'm not sad I did either.
Serafina definitely nails it for the warm weather season.  Not only is the place packed with beautiful people dropping some serious coin, but they have large open windows that let you peer into the dining room and ample outdoor seating for those of you wanting to people watch.
Our server was certainly overwhelmed with the crowd but she kept up pretty well.  We all did shared the burrata with cherry tomatoes and the pizza bianca.  The burrata had the creamy and salty flavor and texture that I expected and they dressed the plate with a nice olive oil.  The pizza bianca was cooked nicely and the arugula on top is just a no brainer in my opinion.
My real qualm is with the price.  With drinks (which naturally inflates the price) I found our bill to be a bit unreasonable.  Still, perhaps they are hitting you for the location and the chance to see and be seen.  It's not a bad spot by any means but didn't appeal enough to me to make plans to return.This is nothing like the NYC locations. The di Sofia focaccia reminds me of a quesadilla, I fed most of it to my dog. Not worth the cost. Even the server said it wasn't looking normal.What's the big deal? Crowded, loud, mediocre food, disinterested waitstaff.  Only thing going for it is the people watching---the "beautiful people" seem to like the place.  But go someplace else if you want good food and service---there are plenty of alternatives very close by.I'm a huge fan of this New York chain, so when I heard they were coming to Philadelphia, I was really excited.  Upset that I missed their opening night, I decided to go one night over the July 4th weekend.  Like many of the other reviewers here, I was incredibly disappointed.  Here's why:
The service was terrible from the moment we walked in to the moment we got the bill.  Our hostess was distracted and first sat us at a table that caught all of the crosswind from the traffic on the street.  We had to move tables halfway through dinner so that our tablecloth wouldn't flip up in our faces (seriously, who designed the layout of this restaurant?  It looks nice but has no regard for street and weather conditions).  Our server was over-enthusiastic.  She noticed I was looking at the pizzas on the back of the menu and then proceeded to look over my shoulder and read down the list describing the pies.  Just...uncalled for.  We were offered fresh pepper for our pizza but not for our salad, and our waitress took away my boyfriend's pizza prematurely.  We were also mistakenly served soup after we had already requested the check.  
The food itself was decent, but not as good as the New York locations.  Our Di Sofia salad was ok and so was my Di Fabio pizza.  Nothing special, in my opinion, and definitely not worth the price we ended up paying per person at the end of the night.  Overall, I was unimpressed with this location and really expected more considering the Serafinas in New York are not only delicious, but good values and have decent service.  Skip this branch unless you REALLY miss them in New York and you have nowhere else to go.I ended up eating here on a Sunday evening because many other places were crowded or closed. Serafina's is just ok.
The menu is not as extensive as I was hoping for an Italian restaurant. We ended up ordering the chicken paillard and Seraphina chicken salad, and bruschetta. I can honestly say that the bruschetta was the best thing we ordered. Everything else was very bland and unimpressive.
Other than the food, very nice decor and ambience. I just wished the food was better.This place looks beautiful from the outside. My friends and I stopped in on a 8 pm on a Friday evening without reservations and was immediately seated, without a wait. (Awesome!) I got the Serafina Salad ($14.50) and my friends both got the Penne Stoli ($13.00). It was okay, but we got some of the cheaper stuff on the menu. Most of it was super overpriced, and ridiculous. Our waiter was MIA half the night. Though, since the restaurant looked more like a date place, I can see why that might be appealing to some. However, as three girls who wanted our check, we needed to wait about 30 mins.  Blah. Overall, it was okay for a one time thing. Won't exactly be running back in there any time soon.Nothing to experimental or avant garde. Bare essentials Italian in a fantastic location off Rittenhouse Square. Jam packed at 8PM on a cold Saturday. Conditions at the bar can be a bit tight and having a conversation can be challenging given the acoustics.I've been here three times since it opened; once late night for drinks at the bar, once early evening for dinner, and once late night for dinner.
The weak point in the operation thus far is the bar; food comes out lightening fast, but something is wrong if it takes almost as long to get two glasses of wine to the table as it does for the kitchen to put out a pizza.  Wine list is quite decent and the pours are just fine, but do realize that this place seems to be rather genuinely Italian in that wine is not served in over-sized, self-aggrandizing stemware.  (If that disappoints you, Tria is right across the street.)
Food is quite decent -- so far we have tried pizza, pasta, calamari, and a tuna carpaccio; everything has been good to excellent.  The price points may be a smidge high for Philadelphia overall, but not for the square.
Service is solid and attentive, and we have not had any trouble getting a table the two times we requested one outside (on a Sunday evening and Thursday night, respectively.) 
Some other random points of note...
The bad: 
-As other reviewers have mentioned, there is one stall in the ladies room.  Yikes.  We'll see how that plays out.  But the hand dryer in there is AMAZING and, so far, I haven't experienced a wait.
- Tiny tables outside, which is a problem when multiple large plates come out simultaneously.  The staff does not appear to be trained in how to swiftly and subtly re-organize a table to accommodate, so this is gonna lead to awkward moments.
The good: 
--Kitchen, serving full menu, is open late (stopped by at 11pm on a Thursday and still had a full hour left to order food -- and the place was buzzing)
--Great scene; this place has tied together the 18th street corridor from Parc down to Tria.  The outdoor seating for summer at all of the restaurants in between gives this part of town a great vibe that extends beyond the tables in front of Rouge and is much more relaxed, almost European.
I have never been to the NYC establishments, so I can't compare this location to those.  But I can compare to what Philadelphia has to offer, and this is a highly decent addition to the Rittenhouse area.We had dinner with another couple last night and were seated near an open window.   The restaurant is very nice and the wait staff was very helpful.  I thought the prices were reasonable compared to other surrounding over priced locations.  I had the rigatoni with a red meat sauce that had a very good flavor, however a little lite on the sauce.  My wife had one of the ravioli dishes (something with lemon in it) and said it was okay and wished she had ordered something else.  All in all it was a great place to have dinner and conversation with friends.   Romantic setting, good people watching location.Sadly have to update this review to a 1-star rating. Went in here on Saturday night around 10pm for a drink and small bite with a friend. We ended up here since Dandelion across the street was packed with no seats at the bar. This place was relatively empty so no problem finding spots at the bar. Didn't take us long to find out why it was empty though. The bartender acknowledged our presence when we seated ourselves and asked if we wanted drink menus. We said yes then proceeded to wait, wait, wait while she had a conversation with another patron in front of us for atleast 5 minutes. Multi-tasking was not her strong suit clearly. You should never have people waiting that long at a bar to see a menu. Finally we got our menus and proceeded to wait, wait, wait, wait and wait....she  was busy with some drama about sharing tips and had her back turned to us for atleast 10 minutes while she went through receipts, probably trying to calculate in her head how much she was taking home in tips that night. Having been there 15-20 minutes at an EMPTY bar with a lazy bartender, we decided to get up and leave to go to a place across the street where we received prompt service :-) Sadly, I really did want to have the minestrone soup again...New York prices for sub--Philly quality Italian food. I do not understand why this place looks busy every time I walk by. The food is certainly not the attraction, given most of the dishes seem to be pasta that came from a box with sauce from a can. And, in this city with amazing BYOB Italian restaurants, it's hard to imagine that people go for the overpriced wine. Given the slow service, the best I can figure out is that for some reason, people think Serafina is sophisticated. They are wrong.So my BF and I stopped in here for lunch one Saturday.  We were first put off by the horrendous decor.  For an upscale place in Rittenhouse, it seems so...cheap.  Our server also handled our bread with her bare hands (which I don't think she realized we saw) so can't comment on the bread, unfortunately.  My salad was pretty good, nicely cooked grilled chicken on a bed of spinach with goat cheese and pine nuts.  I might go back to try the pasta, but questionable service and cleanliness has me a little hesitant.Underwhelming for the price. Food was good but predictable as any "franchised" foodery is ,service mediocre.Ordered an omelette for brunch. It was SWIMMING in grease on the plate. Cocktails weren't bad. Won't be going back. Move on - way better options within a 2 block radius.Not a good experience. I understand the prices, since it is Rittenhouse, but the food and experience did not justify it. They forgot to serve us the house bread, there was no olive oil, salt or pepper on the table, our focaccia bread was crunchy and dry (server forgot to bring olive oil with it), and the pizza was something I could have bought off a food truck. Maybe it was just the day, but I wish I had a better experience.This is my first yelp review ever FYI. I'm glad we stumbled across this restaurant and didn't read the reviews on yelp first. When I finally looked it up, we had already ordered our food and I was dumbfounded to see anything less than 4-5 star reviews. The ambiance alone makes it at least a 4. It was such a beautiful night and they had all the windows open, it was PERFECTLY lit. I hate when you go into a restaurant and it's so bright. Everything was candle lit. Even if the food was terrible (which it absolutely wasn't) id still rate this place a 4 on ambiance alone. But the food was amazing and we had an amazing server (Dana maybe?). She was perfectly attentive but not overbearing. We ordered appetizers, several drinks, dinner, dessert, coffee and tea for less than $120. Highly recommend this place.We stumbled onto this restaurant and gave it a try. I found the beer list rather disappointing. Upon learning we were from out of town, our server told me I had to try a Yuengling, but they don't serve it; I promised her I'd try one elsewhere in town. 
My salmon was cooked nicely but the sauce wasn't especially flavorful; the spinach was very good. My son has a fairly basic pasta dish he enjoyed. My wife had a spaghetti squash meal with sauteed mixed vegetables; interesting presentation but she thought it could have been cooked a little longer.
Our server was Dana and she was very attentive.
A minor complaint: water was served in rather small glasses. My son was very thirsty after a 600 mile drive and kept having to get refills.
Enjoyable meal but a bit overpriced.I've been a fan of Serafina since living in NYC up the block from one of their original locations in Midtown Manhattan.  I always loved their penne alla vodka - always rich, and always deliciously creamy.  I'd ask for sun-dried tomatoes in my pasta, which always made the dish for me.
I recently visited Serafina's first location in Philadelphia and was happy with my meal, though service was a bit off both times I visited.  The menu is basically the same...lots of great pasta options, pizzas, entrees like veal chop, steak, roast chicken...but honestly who gets that here?  You gotta rock a pasta/pizza/salad combo if you're going to Serafina, in my humble opinion.
Great news for gluten free peeps - you can get gluten free pasta at Serafina, and it does not disappoint!  They even give you a choice of spaghetti or fusilli, which is a nice change from the normal one shape only policy at other restaurants. :)
I had the Penne Alla Vodka with sun-dried tomatoes (they charged me $3 extra for it, but who cares).  It was delicious, rich, creamy, just as I remembered.  The second time I went I got the Al Pacino pasta dish, which was spaghetti with olive oil, red pepper flakes, garlic and herbs.  It was good, oily, but hey, that's what I ordered and it was great with Parm all over the top.  My group got a variety of pasta dishes which looked good, though the lasagna did not please and probably should have been sent back.  Calamari looked good, though I could not try it (fried).  
Wait staff - I had the same waiter both times I was there, and he was kind of a spazz.  Nice guy, just couldn't seem to service our table properly - didn't bring bread one time, didn't bring change when I asked for it, kinda clumsy service.
Cougar alert - seems like the overflow from Rouge is coming north one block to Serafina!  I consider myself a cub...at least for now. :)Serafina is a hip Italian restaurant near Rittenhouse square with a menu heavy on pasta and pizza.  They really try to be a "see and been seen" kind of place, and the al fresco seating, large open windows between the indoor and outdoor seating, and clubby music lend themselves to this idea.   My initial impression wasn't very good; I think this was primarily because if the hostess had her nose any higher in the air, she'd drown in a rainstorm.  
Our server was informative, and provided good information on the dishes, but she sold them a little strong and seemed to think everything was "amazing."  We opted for a house salad with a fig vinaigrette, the lobster carpaccio, mushroom ravioli, and lobster ravioli.  The house bread was a standout...great flavor, and just the right balance of soft/chewy and crispy.  
The fig vinaigrette salad was nothing special, but the greens were fresh and the dressing a nice light option.  The lobster carpaccio was a very good dish, with a good amount of very thinly sliced poached lobster, a lobster cream sauce, and an arugula salad with lightly grilled corn and hearts of palm.  I really like this dish, and while the lobster was improved a bit with some salt, it's something I'd definitely come back for.  
The mushroom raviolis were traditional square pasta cooked al dente, in a mushroom sauce, and were filled with sweet ricotta and mushrooms.  Nothing to write home about, but a good dish that was executed well.  The lobster ravioli were heart-shaped and a bit thicker than the mushroom, and were filled with ricotta cheese and lobster.  The sauce was lobster bisque style, and the dish was garnished with diced red and green peppers, which the menu hadn't mentioned.  I wasn't originally thrilled with the pepper garnish, but it grew on me as I ate the dish, and by the time I finished I decided I actually preferred the dish with the garnish.  
Overall, the food was good and the atmosphere was nice, especially sitting outside.  They have a full bar, as well, and the sangria we got was nice.  I think they fancy themselves a bit higher on the food quality scale then they really are; that being said, our experience was very good and I'd return without hesitation.  Some other reviewers seem to have had mixed experiences with the service, so your mileage may vary.I went to dinner at Serafina tonight with my aunt and my mom. Honestly, after reading the reviews on here, I wasn't too excited about it.
That being said, I thought that the food (especially the champagne risotto) was really good and the atmosphere was fun. Was it the best Italian restaurant in Philly?  No. But I think it's a lot better than 2.5 stars. Not to mention the fact that our waitress, Kelly, was a lot of fun and the service was quick without feeling like we were being rushed.VERY disappointing. Almost everything about my dinner experience here was underwhelming. For starters, I called beforehand and was told it would be 15-20 minutes for a table of 3. 15 minutes later I walk in with my party to find a couple being seated at a 3-top, after the hostess tells the waitress "nope, no 3's waiting." Really? No threes? I had JUST walked in and informed them we were there, so I don't understand that chain of events. Not only did we have to wait 15 minutes more, but the hostess kept apologizing and making false claims for how much longer it'd be.
After being seated, we were asked if tap water would be fine. Then, five minutes later when we met our waitress, she asked again. Okay, no big deal. We ordered penne ala vodka ($10.75), a mista salad ($7.50) and the pizza with olives, mushrooms, prosciutto and artichokes ($16.50).
The penne was well-cooked and the sauce was tasty (the best food item of the night), but the portion was tiny for the $11 price tag. The salad was good as well; it was nothing fantastic, but nothing to complain about either. The pizza, on the other hand, was a different story. Each ingredient was put on one slice (it was cut into four large slices), so that none overlapped. Picture a full slice with just olives, one with just artichokes, etc. I suppose if this is how it's meant to be made that's fine, but how could the waitress not tell us this beforehand? We would have requested it differently, or at least been prepared to move everything around ourselves. Extremely frustrating and confusing. And for $17! The pizza was small, the toppings were scarce and the taste was mediocre at best.
In the end, I have very little to say about Serafina that is positive. It was drastically overpriced, the food was nothing great and the service was below par. Hopefully they fix the many issues they're having quickly and work through these growing pains before it's too late.Not the first place (or fourth) you think of when brunch in Rittenhouse comes to mind, although the lemon ricotta pancakes with raspberries are worth a special trip. Same can't be said for the bloody mary's, but maybe that's why it's not the first place you think of when you want brunch in Rittenhouse...I'm not sure exactly how this place got its "iffy" reputation, but on my first visit here last week for a business dinner, I tried to keep the opinions of others at bay and partake in an unbiased dinner experience.
The food was good; we ordered a handful of starters for the table.  The Carpaccio Malatesta and Crostini with prosciutto were the most notable. 
My entree was mushroom risotto.  It was rich and I couldn't finish more than half, but that, too, was good.
I think if the vibe here was a bit more lively, it may entice larger, more consistent crowds.  By 9, they were fairly cleared out aside from our table of 10.  While I have no concrete complaints, I wouldn't hurry back.besides decor and location this place had little going for it. i had a mistake of ordering some mess of a chicken salad. poor bird had its meat shredded like there is no tomorrow, tossed with greeny nausea dressing and other ingredients that simply didn't fit together. prices were definitely higher than they should've been, $12 for a glass of mediocre riesling? gimme a break. oh, and out server ignored the shit out of us. didn't check on our entrees. dint refill our water glasses. didn't crumb the table between courses.  we had seen more of server's behind thru entire meal than i cared for (and i do like a nice behind trust me). overall, disappointment, disappointment, disappointment. i don't recommendMan, does this place ever suck. My cousin, who was in town for just a short amount of time, went ahead and made this reservation for a group of six of us on somewhat short notice. I had never eaten here, so I checked Yelp and saw all of the terrible reviews and immediately asked her if we could go somewhere else, like nearby Fuji Mountain. It was to no avail, and we all ended up at Serafina.
Everything about this place is The Worst. They gave us a hard time about seating us a few minutes early, even though they literally told is that our table was ready, and tried to get us to wait in the overcrowded bar area. When they finally took us to our table, the table itself could have easily accommodated four patrons. But as I mentioned, there were six of us. The table was also jammed against the wall and two other tables, so we were all sandwiched in, to the extent that taking a deep breath would have been an endeavor. Being that I am claustrophobic, I especially did not appreciate this.
The food was as middling and underachieving as everyone else has pointed out. I paid $20 for lobster ravioli that contained no actual lobster, but a vague seafood-ish flavor, in a "lobster bisque sauce" that was basically just some sparse orangey-ish cream sauce with hunks of celery sitting in it. I tried some of my cousin's pizza and it was flavorless crust with uncooked mixed greens sitting on top. The hell? Special requests from others at the table were ignored, being that the service was even worse than the food. It took over an hour for us to actually get our food, and not once did our server come over to apologize about the wait or let us know what was going on. Someone from our table had to actually get up and go find him when we had all been sitting around with empty glasses for ten minutes and he was apparently just standing around.
They did end up giving us $15 off the bill due to the insane wait, but I would have rather had my two hours back. Yeah, I understand it was busy, but if your kitchen and wait staff can't accommodate that many patrons, than maybe, say, don't cram as many tables into your tacky-ass restaurant as humanly possible. Because customers like breathing as much as not waiting over an hour for their food.
I just can't say enough bad about this place. I hate it and I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever go back in my life. You shouldn't go either.I was shocked to see the ratings in this place! I met with a friend for lunch on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty amaziing! I arrived around noon and sat at the bar to wait (for a glass of wine of course) Matthew cam right over and helped me choose some wine. He was gracious enough to let me taste a few wines before choosing the bottle I wanted to purchase. He was so nice and talkative that when my friend showed up we decided to stay at the bar and eat..
We started with the Crostini de Sophia (toasted bread with melted mozz and prosciutto) DELISH!!! We then wanted to tray a pizza and we kept it simple with a Margherita (there are 3 different types of Margherita) we chose the regina....that tii was amazing!!
Of course we just had to have desert.....choose two and split! We have the souflee (more like a lava cake) and the tiramisu....also I wanted a desert martini and Mathew had already chilled down some espresso for an espresso martini.
My experiance was great.....and for a bottle of wine, an ap,entree and 2 desserts we spent 50.00 each with tip (in Rittenhouse that is a deal).
It was a "girls day lunch" and I was more than happy to spend the amount to have great service and food. Can I do it everyday...no but when I can I will definatley go back and spend my money at Serafina!I really hate to do this, but I have to tell everyone out there that I found a worm in my pasta the other night. I get serafina delivery about every 2 weeks and have been going to the restaurant in NYC since I was 10 (it was close t my h.s.). 
Possibly worse than finding the actual WORM in my $20 PASTA was the fact that when I called to report it I could not get to speak with a manager and it has now been a full 72 hours since I called. I was treated SO RUDELY over the phone! A woman named Alee corrected me when I pronounced the pasta wrong but didn't even apologize for the bug (which I have evidence of on my phone!) and denied everything completely. 
Childhood memories down the drain and one less place to order in from in philly...ugh I hate this whole situation!In a failed attempt to eat at Le Castagne (closed for a private party), we stumbled upon Serafina. Even as group of five, we were seated promptly by a very courteous staff-- something I would contribute to sheer luck based on the time of night and the number of patrons inside. The menu was well laid out and we were able to quickly discern what we wanted for appetizers:  the calamari, the filet mignon carpaccio, and the bruschetta.  
Although delicious, only three pieces of bruschetta were served, which was a disappointment (but only a minor setback, all in all). The calamari absolutely sold me; had my other four friends reviewed it, they would have likely suffered from  insufficient data, but I know my calamari, and this was good. The filet mignon carpaccio was both tasty and interesting, as I've had little experience with carpaccio. 
By the time our appetizers arrived, we were able to provide our entree requests; I ordered both the chicken Parmesan (a dish that is always available but never listed on the menu, interestingly) and the Ravioli al Porcini. 
All of our orders were served in record time, something I welcomed and certainly didn't anticipate! The chicken parmesan was thin, had a great texture, and tasted great. I absolutely loved the mushrooms, the creamy centers, and the sauce used for the ravioli.
Complaints? Foregoing the bruschetta dilemma, the music was far too loud, and not very fitting for Italian dining. It felt as if we were eating at a rave (and it was obvious that the older clientele were disappointed). Conversation and this restaurant do not mix well. Beyond this, the atmosphere was great, especially with close friends all enjoying a great Italian dinner. 
I would highly recommend Serafina to friends.Love the atmosphere here! It's always busy, has indoor & outdoor seating, and excellent Italian food and drink selection!We went here for lunch on a Sat. I got the steak (medium rare) and fabulous eggs (sunny side up). The fries were soggy and the steak was small - nothing special. This place is average. 
We had a party of ten and one of the drinks had a fly in it....they replaced it but I felt like they should have comped that drink.We went to serafina for restaurant week, and we enjoyed our food and service. 
The ambience is very nice and it's in a great location. we started w Vitello Tonnato (thin sliced veal tenderloin) and sliced prosciutto w mozzarella. 
we had Veal Scaloppine and Filetto Di Salmone for our entrées. It wasn't impressively good, but its quiet enjoyable. food are fresh and homie. Maybe a little on the pricy side but it's a great deal for RW. having Tiramisu &Chocolate Torta for desserts,  I think it's a good choice to try during RW.The rating is low due to the time we had to wait for dinner.  The kitchen must have lost our dinner order because we had to wait over 50 minutes after we got our great goat cheese salad. Our waiter kept checking but to no avail. The manager did not seem to understand our frustration.Love this place. Great location, great service and great food. Loved our waitress Olivia!I went here for a Sunday brunch. The place was relatively empty and yet we waited an hour for our food. I got the breakfast pizza with a fried egg on it. The pizza was super thin and flimsy and a liquid sauce on it that ran everywhere. The flavors were good but it was impossible to eat.I hadn't heard much about Serafina before we wandered in one night and got an outdoor table for dinner.  We ordered drinks and pondered the menu.  I was craving carbs and since they didn't bring any bread to our table, we ordered the focaccia.  That was when they chose to bring out the bread to our table.  I was kind of irritated because if the bread had been on our table as soon as we sat down, I wouldn't have ordered the focaccia, which was too thin and not very flavorful in my opinion.  
I ordered pasta with a bolognese sauce which was decent.  It had a real nice depth of flavor and it was plenty meaty.  My friends both got a trio dinner which was good.  The prices were decent enough and the food was okay, but I don't think I'll be going back.  It was just middle of the road and the city is full of better quality restaurants.  Sorry Serafina.I have no idea why this place has some rough ratings. Each time we've been here, we've had nothing but quality food. Maybe coming at off times helps, I don't know. One time we ate indoors, and one time we ate outdoors, and we loved it both times. The Rigatoni Alla Bolognese is wonderful, and my fiance loves the Black Truffle Ravioli. Give it a shot next time you're in town! It's a little pricey, but we've never been disappointed by the food.Have eaten at Serafina on three occasions and each time they were sub-par, especially when compared to the awesome restaurants in Center City. Service has always been consistently poor, difficult to get water refills, drinks, even oil with the bread. On graduation the server messed up two orders, failed to admit mistake and apologize, and took 20 minutes to correct error (while everyone else had finished eating). 
TL/DR: Food is decent Italian. Service is very poor.I had the bronzino special and it was so bland! Came with steamed broccoli (bland also. Husband had lobster ravioli which was delish. I was surprised at the lack of flavor.  I've been to so many amazing restaurants in the city it was startling I guess to stumble upon this one. In other news it was definitely healthy.There were five of us for dinner.  The service was good and the food was very good, mostly!  Their Caesar salad was good; the goat cheese salad was rated very good by two of us.  The chicken paillards was tasty, as was the pasta with olive oil, garlic, and Parm...for the most part.  I asked for some chicken to go with the pasta dish and received small cubes of tasteless poultry.  They almost spoiled an otherwise great pasta dish.
Desserts and coffee were fine.Absolutely my favorite!
I work for Second Time Around and always lunch here when I'm in town - it's the favorite part of my visit - makes me feel like I'm in a 'relaxed New York' ...
Summer is the best when they open the windows :)Apparently Serafina has two  functions. The first function is a restaurant which I can't review because I haven't eaten there and frankly the reviews are not encouraging me to do so. The second function of Serafina is a bakery/coffee shop. 
I was there with a friend and ordered a cappuccino with a chocolate croissant, my friend ordered their chicken salad. 
The croissant was fresh and my friend's salad came with an interesting dressing, pine nuts, and  raisins. The salad was made to order however, the meat was a bit on the "lacking" side. 
The atmosphere is nice and the only concern is the fact that they don't have a lot of seating room because I will definitely be spending my time here.I ordered the Bolognese sauce with spaghetti. Good flavor, but not enough sauce. Had to ask for Parmesan ... Who doesn't automatically bring it to the table or at least offer it?  Service lacking, but a nice dining experience overall.Even though it opened 5 days ago the atmosphere was relaxing and the food will make your taste buds dance.Over priced.
"Hip" scene.
Mediocre food.
Eh service.
Menu - nothing special.
PassI do not know why some people gave this place such a bad review! This place was a very good place to eat. The atmosphere was a little loud but not so loud that your ears are ringing or anything like that. The seats were a little close together though. Also the place was very expensive.
The service was very good. They were very nice and I went with a big party of six and some of us were having a hard time making a choice on what food to get. The waiter was very patient and interacted with us a little bit. 
The food was some of the best food I have had at an Italian restaurant ever. The appetizers were delicious. We had gotten Bruschetta. For the entrées three of us got pasta and we all loved it. Another pair got their own different raviolis and they both thought that they were delicious. Then finally one of us had pizza. Some of us got one of the slices because he couldn't eat all of it and I thought it was delicious.
Overall, I felt it was very good there were just small problems that brought my rating down from four to five.I came here for lunch with family about a month ago and the service was pretty good.  I ordered a personal pizza which was excellent and I think my family was pleased with their menu choices.  It seems like a fun restaurant but not too expensive.
There was a large group at Serafina when we were eating lunch, it would have been nice if they weren't quite so loud.  They accept reservations here which is good.Food is great a bit over prices. The service is not good.   Our waiter came by take orders, bring the food and gave us the bill.  Never came by to fill up water or asked if we want another drink.   I had to get up to get my own water!! 
   At the end of the meal the waiter said we ate a alot and we don't need to bother to look at dessert.  Waiter usually convince you to get more food = more tips for them. Guess he is lazy.  Right before we left he sat next to our table counting his tips for the night.   
If this is a dinner I won't complain this much.  But this is a very pricey classy restaurant I expect the service to be better than this.  
Other than yummy food Very disappointed.Great location and reasonable appearing menu. Unfortunately, in a city and location where great food is the baseline for what I expect, this place just doesn't add up.