Good University City choice for decent South Asian buffet food.  Buffet has a good, albeit small selection.  Vegetarian choices are the best with the eggplant/split pea dish and chickpeas my favorites.  Naan was a little hard and chewy, probably from sitting in the steam table too long, but the fried puffy dough triangles were wonderful.  Potato samosas were heavy and dense, but otherwise tasty.  The chicken dishes were flavorful, but the meat was universally dry, including the tandoori chicken.  All in all a nice respite from the sea of fast food near by and this one doesn't cost as much as the pricier Distrito and Bobby Flays.Not worth it if you're vegetarian. $13.95 for dinner buffet. Everything I tried was too salty (chana masala, Dal, saag paneer). Yogurt/raita had sugar in it; tangent: perhaps a guju owns this place. Rice was thankfully good. Naan was awful; I couldn't eat it. For the quantity of salt in the food, water service was done right (pitcher at the table). You'll need that pitcher.Definitely my favorite Indian buffet in west philly. As another reviewer said, it's pretty consistent and has a good selection of vegan & vegetarian options; I especially love their paneers, spicy aloo gobi, and baigan bharta. Their green chutney and yogurt sauces are delicious, and they have great samosas. Free mango juice during dinner service is obviously a plus, too! 
Life rules when it's a Gulab Jamun (the honey ball dessert) day at Sitar. I can't even.Their buffet is pretty good. Went there for the first time today. Variety of choices.
Good number of veg and non veg dishes. Samosas are amazing and the chutneys along with it makes them . 
Wednesday's are better with cheap beer. Prices are very reasonable and great service.
I would prefer ekta over sitar but not at all bad for the value.
Would love to go again for lunch buffet.I must have been to a dozen Indian restaurants in this city and Sitar India isn't horrible and it isn't great. It's fine, just fine. Honestly, I have trouble recalling the differences between this place, Tandoor, and New Delhi. I think New Delhi does the best job in labeling what's vegan and what's not. Otherwise, all the University City Indian restaurants are about the same to me.The food is okay. It's not a wide selection of buffet. I like the restaurant atmosphere. The dessert was really good. I ordered for catering here once and they gave us a lot of food for very reasonable price!I've had the buffet and LOVED it, but IMO the best dish is the chicken kadai.  So sad to be moving a little further away from Sitar in the fall - it's my go to whenever I need a cheap, filling, delicious meal.Why order one entree when you have the choice of a dozen? Sitar offers  affordable buffets for lunch (~10$) and dinner (~$14) with an impressive offering of both veg and non-veg options in addition to salads and fixings (chutney, ichar, samosas) and dessert. Located smack-dab in University City, its always bustling. Therefore it might be warranted to make a reservation in advance.
Tips and tricks: 10% discount for students and 5% discount if you pay in cash. Also the waitstaff  assume you will be doing the buffet so just go grab a plate and head to the back of the store front to get started.I discovered this place back in the golden days (aka 11 years ago) when I was in college. It was an attractive option back then because we got 10% off with our student IDs which they still honor to this day. Nothing has changed since then. The food is superb and it's an AYCE buffet- what's not to love about that? They have a good assortment of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I love finishing off my meal with the coconut rice pudding.I've never written a review on any site before but I'm bored right now so I will.
I go here a lot because I live 2 blocks away. The food is the best Indian food on campus in my opinion, which might not mean much to some but I think it's really tasty. Negative reviewers were complaining that one shouldn't order off the menu, but I didn't even know you could to be honest. I just eat the buffet and especially at dinner time (when they have free mango juice and gulab jamun for dessert) I think it's really good. 
Also for reference I'm actually Indian unlike most of the people reviewing this restaurant.I go there from time to time for lunch with colleagues. The buffet is good and there is lots of variety like chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, goat curry, chicken briyani, and today they had a yummy butternut squash sabji. Was definitely a treat on a cold winter day!Typically, I'm not a fan of buffets, but this is the exception to the rule. This place is clean, the food is good, and the price is reasonable.Best Indian buffet in University city! The biggest plus for Sitar is its CONSISTENCY. Sitar's buffet has a pretty wide selection for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians with tasty curries, rice and snack items that are reproducibly great in taste, and very affordable.
As I mentioned in my tip previously - I make my own yummy samosa chat using the samosa, chutneys, chole (chick pea) masala and raita (yogurt sauce). :) Among the sides/curries, my favorites are the palak paneer, baingan (egg plant), aloo matar (potatoes n peas) and the mild yet flavorful dal. The chai (at lunch) or juice (at dinner) is an added bonus, love them both although I do wish their tea were less sugary. 
I like their fruit custard and rice pudding for desserts, surprisingly they do not contain artificial coloring/flavoring agents added in many other places.
The service is good, the staff doesn't come across as friendly but do their job efficiently cleaning up empty dishes off the tables, given the tables are tiny and you need more space to fit every round of buffet items ;)Amazing food. Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag are the best. Really good Tawa Rotis.
Worst possible delivery service. Delivery guys are have no manners and are really really rude. I complained about the delivery guys to the owners who didn't take any action. Really disappointed with the delivery service.After nearly 10 years in Philly, the verdict is out: Sitar India has the best Indian food around. And this is after dozens of visits here, at New Delhi, Tandoor, Saffron, Mumbai Bistro, Indian restaurant, Tiffin, and many others across the city. Can't beat the diverse selection of curries, salad, dessert, and mango juice and a reasonable price. My two favorites are the goat curry and the chicken tikka masala.
TIP: bring a student ID and cash to save a bit on your meal. And it's BYOB, so bring your favorite beer or wine. You can bring some liquor and mix it with the mango juice!I was alone in the city and desperately craving some Indian food. This place had me at the words "$10 Indian dinner buffet". For $10, it's a pretty good feed with all the Indian standards, naan, a salad bar, and a dessert. I tried a little bit of everything and had no complaints. The food was seasoned well, tasted fresh, and each buffet tray was well-stocked. I particularly loved the goat curry (lovely flavor, plus goat at a $10 buffet? !) and the chicken tikka masala (really tender, juicy chicken). No frills, no fuss. Just an honest-to-goodness tasty Indian meal at a great price. 
The service is less attentive than I'm used to at Indian restaurants, which I didn't mind at all. The place quickly filled up with students at dinnertime, and it's clear this place is very popular. Seems like they're doing everything right. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly!Went here for dinner last Friday. For $10.99 you get to enjoy all you can eat dinner buffet with free mango juice and dessert which isn't bad at all. I don't know if the food is consider authentic Indian food but I would definitely recommend people to give this place a try if you want some good Indian food. Parking is metered parking which if you go during weeknight shouldn't be an issue looking for parking.Yelpers do it again! On your recommendation, we ate here last week. The food was so flavorful but not hot spicy (I personally like hot spicy though!) we got parking right in front and paid $2 for one hour...we were out in plenty of time. Good value and great taste!  Atmosphere was OK. It was clean. It's not romantic or anything like that...it's buffet.  If you like Indian food, definitely give it a try!Sitar is the BEST Indian buffet in Philadelphia. The selection of food is great for vegetarians and meat-eaters. They are always make sure everything is full on the buffet and hot. The only negative might be the service, as they could be friendlier, but the food makes up for it!For a dollar or two less, I could do without the free canned/boxed mango juice...
Either way, the food is delicious! For a $11 buffet dinner (after you get the 5% discount for paying in cash + the student discount), the food is actually quite good. Authentic as curry in London? Maybe not. But it TOTALLY hits the spot. Much better than many places I've been too.
Decent selection. Dessert sucks, but I don't go there for dessert. Dosas, saag paneer, and korma were all good.
Don't order off the regular menu though.Lunch buffet! Plenty of food, ohmygoodness samosas, very cheap for the giant spread they have. Plenty of naan, curries, etc. They've got a lot a lot of vegetarian dishes as well, which I'm thankful for. Staff is very nice. You even get a discount for paying in cash! Can you believe that?
So! Solid four stars for having good range of stuff in buffet with really good samosas, prompt staff, cheap prices. Minus one star for being incredibly dark in there, and having the most creepy painting in the world on the wall by the entrance (it appears to be Death, wearing a cloak).One of the more well-known Indian buffets on Penn's campus, Sitar is extremely popular with students, and you can expect this place to be incredibly packed during their peak hours.
Sitar's buffet is small and tucks away perfectly into a tiny corner of the restaurant, but it still manages to offer a pretty decent selection of traditional Indian dishes. The quality of the food is nothing phenomenal, but from a non-Indian's perspective, it's still pretty good. During lunch hours, they usually have chai tea on tap, which I love. I usually sit for an extra 10 minutes after finishing my meal just to drink more chai.
The best part about Sitar is the price. Students get a discount, so the lunch buffet only costs around $8.  For poor college students, that's a great price for an all-you-can-eat meal!
I've never ordered anything off of the menu here, but I don't really see why you would when the buffet is such a great deal.
Overall, decent food. Fantastic price. I would definitely recommend Sitar to everyone in University City.Go when you are starving, because you will definately fill up at Sitar India.  Loud, often crowded with families and students, it is definately my favorite Indian buffet in university city (preferred over New Delhi and Tandor Kitchen) with  yummy channa masala, and carrot halvah,as well as other buffet standards.  They do have an a la carte menu, but i've never used it, and never seen anyone else use it either. Students get a discount.All you can eat dinner with the student discount comes out to $14.69. They also have a stamp card available where if you come here 10 times, you get a free meal. I prefer this place over New Delhi. It's a bit smaller, but I feel like the overall quality of the food is better.  Love the eggplant and lamb curry. The chutneys (especially the mint chutney) are super good. They have mango juice, and tend to alternate between rice pudding and fruit cocktail for dessert. Sitar also offers a few imported Indian beers (Taj Mahal, Kingfisher...). Be prepared to feel bloated and like crap when you're done.This is a great Indian restaurant.  It is very small and not so pretty, but what it lacks in appearance, it makes up for in buffet!  While I have only done their buffet, it was fabulous food at a fabulous price.   I cannot tell you exactly what I was eating, but it was fantastic. While admittedly,  I am the type of person who will ultimately try anything, it was all very enjoyable.The food was good. Plenty of choices for vegetarians. The dessert is mainly Indian so some people may not be interested. Fairly fast service and polite wait staff. I come from an area with a dense Asian population, so I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. The food was surprisingly good.Best Indian buffet around UPenn/University City area! They always have a good and varied selection for vegetarians and vegans.  The buffet section is not that big, but the food is always really good.  Plus they offer student discount! An additional discount if you pay for cash!Best Indian food on Penn's campus. This place is way better than New Delhi. The variety in the buffet here is a huge plus. There are a lot more different things to try, and they actually change things up every time I go. They have mango juice on tap for dinner and even desserts as part of their buffet! There used to be chai tea on tap, but I'm not sure if they got rid of that or if it's only served during lunch. My favorite food items are the chicken tikka masala, the fried bread, and the chutneys (tamarind, mint, and mango--YUM!). Meat is typically dry, but the sauces dousing the meats are flavorful and make up for the dryness. 
I would not recommend ordering from the menu. The buffet is spectacular and pretty cheap. If you show a student discount and pay with cash, you get further discounts. This place is also BYOB.We heard a lot of good things about this restaurant from university students and decided to give it a try. Was very glad we did. I must say, the atmosphere is a little crowded and compact for a buffet, but the food is top-notch at a decent price. One thing I especially liked was the amount of vegetarian options available. There was food ranging from North to South India--chat, idli, samosas, batura, and of course, chicken curry. Deserts and chai spice tea were good as well at no additional cost. If you like Indian food, you have to check this place out. Service is fast and friendly. Will definitely be coming back soon!Great indian restaurant. Good service and and ambience. Buffet is excellent. Roti and mixed lentil dal is the best combination and it tastes awesome. My wife also liked orange chicken very much. Appears little crowded. Will come back again.I've been there before with my buddy at dinner time. He was so thrilled about that, so he dragged me over, but I couldn't remember anything.
Then I went there this Monday lunch time with my wife. I was planning to have a fasting to clean up my system starting from Sunday, I was so hungary. 
First sight, I felt that is too small, much smailer than New Dehli on Chestnut st. But the truth is it is not that small, it's just concentrated in that corner. 
They have white rice, goat, lamb, tofu, chicken. AND the best is they have the CHAI. Pretty much like milk tea, but definitely different. 
I had three plates then I just can't have more. 
It was so nice.Buffet has never been this good! I can only imagine their a la carte menu items.
Alex and I went here at the recommendation from an Uber driver. As recent transplants to Philadelphia, coming from Cincinnati where there are many good Indian places, we have been looking for a new mainstay. This will certainly be high on our list!
I'll start by saying I have serious skepticism about buffets, particularly Indian ones. I have had some very meh experiences in the past. Usually the food is not even warm or the spice level is so minimal I feel like I'm drinking straight cream. Here is not the case! 
The selection of food items is relatively small compared to other places, but the food is (mostly) hot and savory. (The only thing I had that could have been warmer was the chana.) I started by making myself some chana masala over a samosa. Next round, I tried the mixed dal, chicken tikka masala, Tandoori chicken, and dahi aloo. The mixed dal is best with rice. The chicken dishes were very good--moist Tandoori chicken and the tikka masala subzi was unlike most I have had, but in a good way. The dahi aloo stole the show along with the great halwa. I mixed the the halwa with the kheer and it was surprisingly good. 
Next time: I might try something a la carte to see if my suspicions are correct. 
Sidebar: You can even take a to-go container from the buffet for the same $13.95 price. Most to-go options I have seen from a buffet weigh your dish, so this might be a good deal for some!Not-so-good:
Hot pickles are rarely available as part of buffet
Service is a bit slow and somewhat intruding at times
Good:
Best Indian buffet in Philly (the Chana Masala is terrific!)
Seating always available
10% student discount!I love this place, but due to the buffet style service I find I generally overeat! Inexpensive Indian food at its best.  The chili chicken, samosas, and saag paneer are all dynamite, with several spicy eggplant or chickpea dishes and spiced rice to fill out your plate.  Sometimes they have chicken wings which are awesome and for dessert the Gulab jamon and rice pudding are delicious if overly sweet.  I will keep coming back here for lunch as the price is right and the food is good.  Come early as there is generally a wait at lunchtime!I forgive them for their service because their chicken tikka masala is perfect for me.  Also, the mere fact that they are a lunch/dinner buffet and just two blocks from my campus makes them an automatic local-favorite (and 4 stars).
I am no connoisseur of Indian cuisine, so this place serves me just fine.Fan of this place! Been here more than 5 times and never disappointed. Affordable, delicious Indian food. I love there curry with "Indian tofu", it's sooo good! The staff is welcoming and friendly. It's a popular spot in this neighborhood so be prepared to wait for couple of minutes in rush hours.I ate here on Sunday 31-Aug and I really liked it. I had the dinner buffet to sample their cooking styles. Overall the food was good  with well balanced flavors of the ingredients and spices. The samosas were perfect. The makhani chicken was sweet with a subtle tomato taste with some really tender chicken. Their chick pea masala was simple but spicy and well seasoned. The rest of the food was good. However, the naans werent too good (probably because they were left on the buffet) and the tandoori chicken wasn't very good either. The interior is plain but clean. For the price and the quality, I would definitely go backGood food. The curries taste great and can be made spicy upon request. Go for Chicken tikka masala, achari chicken, vindaloo dishes. The mango lassi is amazing. Buffet is totally worth it. The staff need to know more about the dishes.this is certainly not fancy-pants indian food. i haven't found the presentation to be as nice as that at the indian restaurant on south st; however, don't be deceived by appearances, sitar's food is solid. i LOVE their saag paneer; i could eat my body weight in the stuff. i've had some other dishes, and while they're good, i'd stick with the saag paneer. 
nota bene: the rice pudding is entirely too sweet. i thought my teeth would fall out while eating it so it wasn't a pleasant ending to my meal.Excellent Indian buffet. I think it's well worth the price. Amazing tandoori chicken, naan and paneer. I think about it all the time, and I will certainly be back soon! Good stuffBusy Friday night, but fresh delicious Indian food buffet style.  Line was out the door when we got there and there is not really a place to wait inside without hovering over people's tables (which happened to us - i did not approve...).  It's a small buffet with limited dishes, but it moved pretty quickly with dishes being refreshed/replenished fairly fast.  Student discount - 10% off.First off: always ask for the 10% student discount! Don't let them charge you extra! Second off: mango juice! Finally: lunch special!
FOOD: 5/5
I come here to shamelessly eat my soul away. Whether if it's right after starving myself for 24 hours straight while studying for an exam and then coming here to comfort my soul, or simply just that I have a craving for Indian cuisine every so often, this place is great! Every single type of curry, every single type of meat, every single type of rice is delicious. The nan is great too. Most importantly, unlimited rice pudding and mango juice! So delicious. The lunch special is such a bargain for under $10, and I promise you that this place is the restaurant to go if you want to make sure your stomach doesn't growl for another 24+ hour. 
SERVICE: 4/5
Limited service since it's a buffet, but the food never seems to be depleted, and the staff changes plates fairly often. The cashier is not always the nicest. Oh, and this place is a BYOB, so make a group reservation if you want to avoid the trek to Center City
AMBIANCE: 3/5
Small, cramped, difficult to find tables. It's often quite rowdy because it's always packed during peak hours. The aisles are pretty narrow and hard to navigate.
One Sentence Wrap-up:
Come here for the food and value, go to New Delhi two blocks away for the atmosphere, and avoid Tandoor!Great lunch buffet, and gluten free & vegan friendly! Everything labeled on the buffet.Haven't been here in about six months. Always get a great meal here.The vegetarian options and the whole buffet seemed to have been expanded since my last visit. Food was a bit heavier(oily) than I remember,(not a terrible thing) and the spice(heat) level has definitely  been kicked up a few notches( a great thing!)
As always the samosas, chutneys, naan, and some other type of puffy triangular fried bread(can't remember name) were great accompaniments. The mattar paneer, chana masala, and the two veg curries I had were very tasty. Didn't try chicken(ususally disappointing here) 'cept for the wings which were O.K.Some kind of soy nuggets were a bit nasty.
Some dessert(wheat halva; not bad, mine is better;) and some masala tea and I left satisfied; full and wanting to come back again soon. A great value for lunch. I ate 5 hours ago and still am not hungry.Got there about an hour before closing and there was still fresh hot food and naan being brought out to the buffet.  $11.95 for all you can eat (and all the mango juice you can drink) is a great deal made better by the variety and quality of the dishes out there!
Nothing was yucky, a couple things were forgettable, chicken tikka masala was standard.  But channa masala and tandoori chicken drumsticks were fantastic, and there were some kind of chicken wings that were lovely as well.  Vegetable samosas were huge and packed full.
Chutneys (we tried mango/mint/onion) were good too!
This place is a winner!  Bring your student ID for discount!A solid Indian buffet. My only complaint is that there isn't as much variety as I'd like there to be. For example, I'm a HUGE paneer fan and there only is ever the palak paneer (paneer with spinach) dish in the buffet menu. Would love to see shahi paneer or paneer masala, for example.
The naans are usually tasty-- can sometimes be too oily or a little on the harder side, but the inconsistencies are marginal.
Good value for the price, definitely! Give it a try.i try to go back to sitar every time i'm back in philly. i personally prefer it over new delhi a few blocks away and do appreciate the consistency in food at sitar. 
the variety is great - not overwhelming but enough to try different stuff. my personal faves (chicken tikka and saag paneer) are almost always there, so i appreciate the consistency for that. i also like that they have goat as well as the giant silver tray of sizzling chick peas. all the food tastes very good and the waiters are good about clearing dirty plates as soon as you're done. 
as others have mentioned, chai and mango lassi (lunch/dinner respectively) are delicious!  
i think price is great for the quality (and obviously quantity, since it's a buffet) of food that you get. i always leave here feeling like i'm going to explode from fullness - probably not a good thing, but yolo...
i've never ordered off the normal menu but love the buffet so much that i doubt i ever will. haha.I was used to eating at really good Indian places back home and thought I would never find a place as good as the restaurant in NY, but Sitar is pretty damn good. I feel like it's a great value for the price. 
When I'm too lazy to cook, I come here to get a takeout box for ~$12.00. You can load it up with what you want from the buffet. They provide you aluminum foil wrapping for naan as well. (Show you student ID and get a discount!)
Additionally, if you order from their menu, they have courses freshly made at much higher quality than what they serve at the buffet (for a higher price). 
I especially love their paneer Tikka Masala, the different naans you can order, and their biryani. It's a lot of food, and I'm always left super satisfied! Totally recommWent here for an early dinner. Decided to go with buffet, but after we had already started, we realized that they would not serve fresh naan. This is quite disappointing. The naan was cold and hard and not at all fresh.  When our older parents (who were having trouble breaking off and chewing the naan) told the server (young Punjabi fellow) that the naan was cold and hard, he rudely said "buffet is buffet, what do you expect, the naan for the buffet are cooked earlier. If you want fresh naan, order it!'  Seriously? Does that mean that if we choose to eat from the buffet, we should expect and are getting old and stale food? That is a problem!  It does not matter if you are paying $10 or $15 for buffet, I expect freshly cooked everything every-time!  The 'pakoda kadhi' in the buffet also did not have any more pakodas in it, so when we asked the server if they were going to replenish, he came back with some pakodas in a dish, added just about 5 or 6 pieces to the entire platter in the buffet and took the rest back. I don't know why he would do that... :-)   
We also ordered some items from the menu, one of which was the mixed tandoori grill ($14.50) and it was to include a number of items including chicken, shrimp and fish.  The shrimp and fish seemed fresh, but the chicken items were not and it was quite obvious. The chicken was hard and dry as if it was cooked the day before, or it was cooked earlier, frozen, and then recooked to be served again. This is unacceptable!
Sitar was so much better than New Delhi, but now it seems to be going in that same direction...  The buffet prices have gone up and quality is starting go down 'again', and so is the service.  If I am going to get stale food, along with an attitude from the servers, I will just go somewhere else.  The manager (who may not know all this) seems to be very nice, but when he is not there, the rest seem to play...The food is your standard India cuisine and they do it well. Would've given them a 5 but they didn't take our drink order.The website said it closes at 10.30pm. We were here at 9.40pm. And the waiter said sorry we are closed. There were ppl eating. He said do you want pick up? We requested no we want fine dining and will be done quickly. And then he said actually no food. And initially he said pick up is fine. We all were very disappointed. Either fix the website timings or don't make people drive 100 miles for a unfriendly restaurant.I'm a little disappointed the server did not tell us Mango juice was included in the buffet price as previous reviewers have written about. MY BAD for not doing my homework on a busy, move in day at PENN, Saturday night. With that said, I had  coupon so we saved 15% so I am happy. They also offer student discounts to take advantage!
Wonderful place to enjoy a buffet. It was loaded with all the staples and all were enjoyable. I love it all. Can't say a bad word about it. 2 people had a tasty, well stocked buffet for 11.99 apiece minus 15 %. We left there barely able to walk we were so full. 
Inside is pretty and the clientele is a richly diverse. A very nice city dining experience.Sitar has been my go-to Indian place for years.  The buffet is consistently delicious.  The salad bar/chutney (especially mint chutney!) section lends a balance to the heavier, creamier, spicier, heartier entrees in the hot section.  They have a huge selection of various vegetarian items each night, I just have to try them all. 
That leads to the only problem here, which is my potential to eat to the point incapacitation. After walking it off for a few blocks, however, I usually feel ready to do it all again.The buffet here is an amazing bang for your buck. Come with an empty stomach, for sure! It's not the freshest tasting food around and I've definitely had Indian that was more spicy. That being said, you're getting an incredible deal. The atmosphere is nice and the service has always been very polite.I love this restaurant.  I don't even know what I'm eating sometimes since I just blindly load up my plate, but I sure do enjoy it.  The buffet is a bit small, but as long as you aren't looking for something specific and you aren't some kind of food snob, you'll be very satisfied.
The restaurant is great for conversation, as it's not too loud and the tables aren't practically on top of one another.  I very much consider Sitar a treat for a fun dinner with friends.
Bring cash for a 5% discount, or (and?) show a student ID for a 10% discount!This was my favorite place to go for dinner when I worked at Penn several years ago. My friends and I usually went just for the buffet and it was always delicious. I like too that they give you mango juice to go with your dinner and their dessert offerings are always fabulous. 
I still like this place and try to get there when I can.They recently re-did the entrance and the atmosphere is a LOT nicer as a result. The good: the buffet is a fabulous deal. Their chicken biryani, often on the buffet, is some of the best I've had in the US. The goat curry is sumptuous. Love the included chai at lunch and mango juice at dinner. The less good: Their tandoori chicken is very disappointing. It's usually dry and not very flavorful. Minar Palace in town is much better for this particular dish. Considering so many people associate that dish with Indian cuisine, they really ought to step up their game there.
The staff are always friendly and keep the food fresh. I'm glad I live so close!My to go spot for authentic Indian food! My friend (Simcha) put me on back in college and I have been hooked ever since. Great variety of food and their quality has always been consistent throughout the years. I've tried out some of the other Indian buffets around and this one reigns supreme. All of the sauces are rich in flavor and spices with no expense spared. The college discount deal is also great if you're a starving college student - wait, that's all college students...Great buffet. What shines is their mango juice as a part of their buffet. For $11.95, the price can't be beat, especially when a la carte menu items average at $9.95. The green spinach "goop" (as we called it) was delicious and they had a great dessert selection. My only disliking was their flat, dried our naan. I felt like their meat was a bit dry so unfortunately their chicken tikka masala was not the best I've had. However, I would definitely come back here again.I have dined at Indian buffets for lunch at Palace at the Ben, Mumbai Bistro, and more recently, Sitar India Restaurant. I have to agree with one of the Yelpers when they say Sitar has the best buffet in the city of Philadelphia. Well in my case in my case, thus far. 
I am glad my coworkers and I arrived early because this place became crowded and people were patrons were lining up outside. It would have been a travesty if we had to wait forever, or didn't have access to that goat curry, chili chicken, and the other appetizing items at the buffet. I need to get back here when I don't have to get back to work or have plans in the city so that I could eat myself into a stupor.Went in for their lunch buffet and was really impressed! Wide selection of dishes - both vegetarian and nonvegetarian. It's just something about their food that tastes authentic. Price is reasonable too. Lots of people there during lunch time so be prepared to wait a little bit but I think it's worth the wait.From a student's point of view, there's not much to fault with a sub-10$ buffet.  It gets the requisite meal out of the way and still leaves your wallet feeling good.
However, Sitar India, from the point of view of an ethnic, completely falls apart and makes you wonder what kind of food people try to pass off as "Indian" food these days.  I'm not saying that I'm expecting this to be up to part with the Dawats and Madhur Jaffrey restaurants from NYC, but please at least make some decent food!
Every time you go, the same oily samosas and chole bhature are there without fail to greet you in the starters zone.  Rarely, assorted pakoras show up to liven the deal.  There does always seem to be tandoori chicken there, although I cannot comment on the taste, being a vegetarian.
On to the main course, you can call it decent at best.  All dishes seem to be prepared from the same (or similar) base sauce, which is very disappointing.  
To the Chef: Indian food isn't all supposed to have the same heavy cream and tomato base!  You are allowed to use other bases!  
That being said, the accompaniment of naan and rice is a welcome change from the regular dining hall food.  Salads don't possess much to be noted; it is just a collection of chopped vegetables.
Desserts vary upon the day you go there; sometimes it's been edible and sometimes it's been very nice... hope your luck is good!
As for my biggest gripe, above and beyond all food issues?  STOP WATERING DOWN THE MANGO JUICE!  There... I said it.  Owners of Sitar, it is very easy to taste this modification to the juice and it really reflects badly on your business practices, so please stop... Thanks!
Students, don't forget to show your PennCard or DragonCard; they won't automatically give the student discount (or rarely do, from my experience)...
All in all, if you're looking for sustenance food, feel free to go here. Also works if you're here for the price, although Cafe Spice Express (17th and Chestnut - Liberty Plaza Mall) is very much in the same price range and the food is much much much better, albeit not buffet.
Good eats!This place is awesome! Cheap, DELICIOUS and lets you do carry out for the buffet without weighing your container of food. We all know going to Kiwi and having your yogurt weighed is the worst thing on the planet. I go to this place constantly and love it.I like this place a bit better than New Delhi because this place has a bit of variety in the entrees they serve. They serve curry dishes that have different textures so it is really nice (and i dont mean the texture of the protein but the actual sauce if that makes sense) because after a while I quickly get tired of eating/tasting and my palate just gets confused with flavors.
And they also give a discount for students with valid id and they serve chai tea which is always a good thing. They also have a spring mix in their salad which is really nice if you dont like lettuce and such.Best Indian buffer I've tried in the area. The chicken in their curries was quite high quality, and the chickpea and vegetable curries were particularly good. The only let-down is the cold, hard naan (and we ate here at 5 pm, so it should have been fresh). If you have a small appetite like me, a better deal is to order from the menu: chana masala ($10) was a HUGE portion and served me for 4 meals. 
They also offer a number of discounts:
Student ID=10% off buffet
Pay with cash=5% off
Loyalty card=1 buffet free after 10I moved out of west Philly years ago and still go out of my way to grab food from here. Best Indian food in the city! Awesome vegetarian options. And super affordable in comparison to most Indian restaurants in the city.TIP: Don't forget to ask for student discounts for buffet prices! 
Great indian food, nice presentation, casual and nice atmosphere, and great service.
Sitar is a staple Indian restaurant in University City. My boyfriend and I came here for their dinner buffet and we tried varying amounts of curries, Tandoori chicken and samosas. They also offered rice pudding, mango juice, and naan as well. The food was nothing super fancy or amazing, but it does make for a great buffet place. Maybe one day I'll come back to try out the regular menu items. 
If you're super hungry and in the mood for some Indian food, I would definitely recommend this place. It's also a BYOB, so you can mix some vodka with their mango juice ;)My favorite Indian food in the city. The food tastes fresh and satisfying. Its a great place to go for fast, cheap, delicious food.Delicious lunch buffet for around $12. Student ID gets you 10% off. Get there early on the weekend, you don't want to be stuck in line.The prices is very suitable and the food was Awesome, Also I like tekka masala chicken or lamb and Bryani rise !This restaurant probably ranks in my top 3 best Indian restaurants... EVER! The food is always good and fresh! Their mango ice cream is a staple, that I order with every meal! That being said, the customer service is subpar, the employees are not accommodating, and getting delivery is always like pulling teeth. If you are "ok" with  pick-up, know exactly what you want, then this spot is for you. If you value customer service, and want delivery, order early, or not at all.Buffet Indian food, the best kind in philly. Literally! Smallish selection, but very good quality. And there is some awesome mango lassi too. Perfect for vegetarians as well as the vegetarian options are delicious and fresh. Coming back today! If it doesn't rain.I was certainly not impressed by this place.  I've had much better Indian food. I ordered take out and while it arrived promptly, it did appear that the food I received was from the buffet table, so I had little tandoori "stains" in my rice which was packaged separately. While it wasn't the worst thing I've ever experienced with take out, it was a little disheartening to learn that my food wasn't fresh.Sitar is as good as it gets in the University City district. I've had both their lunch and dinner buffets, as well as having had delivery--nothing disappoints. Their buffet offers a lot of options, usually with at least five meat dishes, and plenty of vegetarian options and soup. Not only is the food always smoking hot (unlike New Delhi's buffet), but it actually has a bit of spice to it, which many Indian buffets seem to shy away from doing.
For delivery, I ordered the chicken curry (extra spicy!) and vegetable jalfarezi, both of which were delicious and large-sized portions! All of the chicken dishes here feature white meat, another bonus in my eyes! I've had both the Chicken Achari Tikka and Chicken Malai Kaber at their buffets, both of which are hands-down the best chicken I've ever had from an Indian restaurant. I haven't had a single dish at their buffet that I did not like, and for the price, it is well worth it! (Don't forget about the student discount!) 
As far as looks, Sitar is definitely somewhat of a hole-in-the-wall, dim interior kind of establishment. Nevertheless, it seems to do good business, and the noise level in there can get a bit loud. I, however, like the "cozier" feeling of the place. 
Overall, great food for a great price. You won't find better in University City; Sitar surpasses New Delhi by a long shot, at least with the quality and quantity of their buffet options.Really Cheap Indian buffet! 
I went to eat here with friends. 
Lunch + Student discount + paying with cash, it came out to be $9.25! 
For the price and unlimited food it was a great lunch. 
However the chicken was very dry, and some of the dishes were not hot, if at best lukewarm. We did go at 3PM but I would expect them to still be hot, especially since they were still turning over/refilling the dishes. 
There was a decent amount of choices and for the price it was satisfying but I wish there were more arm room and better labels for the dishes I was trying. They do mark what is vegetarian and gluten-free, but I wish there were a better way to mark the ingredients for certain dishes. 
I would give this a 4/5 for my overall experience, but in terms of the food quality, although pretty tasty, I'll choose to be critical.I generally consider myself as someone who doesn't like Indian food at all...but Sitar has a special place in my heart and I am really glad my friend convinced me to try it.
I'm a real wuss when it comes to spicy food, which is why I usually don't like eating at Indian restaurants, but there is still a wide enough variety here so, when I'm feeling brave to venture a new dish, I'm more satisfied than I am coughing and trying to drown myself in water! The chai tea is always nice, too, especially after I'm finished the meal. The atmosphere is also really nice, and even when it's crowded with everyone talking, I've never felt like it was very loud.This place has an awesome buffet!
I've been here twice for dinner and I haven't been disappointed. I came here last year as a meat eater and now I'm a vegetarian. I loved all of their choices and their mango juice is so delicious! 
The Chana masala and lentil curry is amazing. The naan and raita is also a favorite. 
The price is great and you can eat as much as you want! I really enjoyed it.I ate here last night during a conference trip to Philadelphia. My colleagues and I split our efforts between the buffet (which seemed like a winner at abotu $12) and ordering from the menu. I think the people who got the buffet did better overall. I had chicken saag and was disappointed. Everyone else seemed pretty happy so I think it was probably just me. I might go back when I am at UPenn again, but there is definitely better Indian in Philly.
The service was friendly but slow and a bit uneven. Dishes arrived in uneven spurts and we waited a long time for our naan after we had had the rest of our meal.Indian buffet enthusiast at your disposal.
I hold New Delhi's buffet on the pedestal so my review is really in comparison to that.
Sitar was packed at lunch time but we did get a seat. I had decent hopes, assuming that only a quality place would translate to so many patrons.
The Chicken Tikka Masala was the best I've had in a while. Perfect flavor. Not too creamy, not too watery. Just right! Worth the $8-9 fare alone.
Saag Paneer was great as well. I can eat that stuff for days. The Samosas were perfect!
They also had something I've never seen before. I can't remember what it was called but it looked like a Samosa except it was not stuffed with anything. Tasted like a zeppoli. Just fried, sweet dough. Very good desert. 
Definitely a worthy alternative to New Delhi. I would just go to whichever is closer but I definitely am a bit more loyal to New Delhi still.
Enjoy!Disappointing!!!
The "free" Mango juice was watered down as mentioned by other reviewers. Dinner buffet had pretty limited options- and what was available didn't taste like what it should have!
There are several better Indian restaurants in the area in the same price range