Not sure why this place is poorly rated. Some of the best airport food I've had. And the service was excellent - fast, attentive, and with a smile.  This might be the only good thing that I've found about PHL Airport.
I had a salad with sashimi on it at the recommendation of the server.  I was very pleased.  Decent beer selection as well.
There are nice USB power hubs right at the bar, a thing seriously lacking in most airports.  So belly up!I was on my way from a work trip to spend Saturday with the fam when I heard my least favorite words "flight cancelled."  I immediately dialed my friends at United (sadly I know the # by heart) and begged to be put on a new flight. Unfortunately, I was out of luck on United for that day, but they hooked me up on a US Air flight later that day.
I had a few hours to spare and made my way to the US Air terminal, which is ten times better than the United terminal. At this point I realized it was 4pm and all I had eaten all day was an unappetizing Auntie Anne's pretzel (pretty much the only option in the United Terminal).
And that's when I saw Sky Asian Bistro. The sushi was saying "eat me. eat me," but I'm skeptical of sushi made in an airport. I played in safe and went with veggie dumplings and fried rice instead. It totally hit the spot and for about three minutes all my anger towards United was forgotten.
I scarfed down my food, but then spent another hour or so catching up on work at their bar. The waitresses were super friendly and didn't rush me at all.
Hopefully your experiences at the Philly airport turn out better than mine, but if you find yourself with some spare time Sky Asian Bistro is one of the better airport restaurants I've discovered.Worst Service Ever!!
I have been here several times, and it was slow each time, which is not a great when you are trying to get something quick.  However, my last trip here will be my last.  At the quick serve counter no one would come over to take my order, so I went to the bar.  After waiting for 5 minutes just for a menu, the bartender told me that I had to go to the quick serve counter AFTER she had already told me that I could gate take out from her.  
She also didn't apologize for the lack of service and was very argumentative for no reason.  
I refused to give her the satisfaction of honoring such poor customer service with my patronage.Where I sat: The bar. There's an outlet at each bar seat, which is great for a quick power charge.
Service: Quick, but a little rough around the edges. Everyone was nice enough, though I did feel neglected at times.
Food: Miso soup was to die for. So yummy. The Philadelphia roll and Spicy tuna roll were lacking. The salmon sashimi was suprisingly really good.
Ambience: hip and very pretty.Yellowtail, salmon, and spider roll all outstanding tonight. Great find in Philadelphia airport.Wow, this place was unbelievably good. Who would've thought you could find such a good sushi place in an airport. 
4 stars for food, a star docked for portion size and pricing. But hey, it's the airport, everything's a rip off.
I ordered a spicy tuna crunch roll (they have crunch rolls for 50 cents more, ask!), two tamago roll (went back to order another one it was so good and sweet), and two pieces of salmon sushi. The salmon sushi was super fresh, some of the best I've had anywhere, and big pieces. The spicy tuna roll was solid, spicy and filled with tuna. The tamago was very sweet and not too spongy like most places. 
What really stuck out was the quality of the sushi roll itself. The rice and consistency was perfection - no falling apart, no lack of fish, everything just right. The rolls are 6 piece rolls, so you definitely need to order two or more. Really good stuff here!
*just got my second order of tamago sushi, and they warmed it up and added a little crisp, mmmmm so good!*A nice alternative to airport food. A bit confusing as you seat yourself. The service is adequate at best. I ordered the shrimp stirfry at $20.00. A tad on the salty side and honestly not worth it. The ramen noodle bowl was wierd as they forgot the ramen. The waitress fixed the order. It was also salty. The pad thai was fair.
We opted out on the sushi just to play it safe. Airport sushi?..... not so much
All in all, it got us through before we had to board our next plane. The wait staff was in no hurray so keep an eye on them.it sucks.  They are very expensive but you don't see it coming.  Also I remember anoter customer had to chase down the waitress to get her drink, and then the next waitress took her drink with some booze still in it.  Great customer service.  That lady was happy... NOT!
Also it seems crowded and feels dirty.  I just felt gross sitting there.Very Americanized Asian cuisine. I would eat here again but I wasn't impressed. When I eat asian food I want it to be authentic otherwise I would ha e has american food.A really solid place located in The C Terminal at The Philly Airport. A bit pricey, but what do you expect from a restaurant located at the airport...add to it Sushi and voila.
I sat at the bar with power sources all around.  Huge bonus with delayed flights that seem to be the norm in Philly.  The sushi looked great, but I passed this time in favor of the Seafood Raman Soup.  Not bad, but I wish it had a little more kick.  I didn't see any Rooster Sauce floating around, but my fault that I didn't ask.  
Great, quick service with a real nice selection of beers.  I will definitely return.Good food. Nice atmosphere. Pretty quick service. Miso soup was yum. Salmon skewers well cooked. Dumplings were delicious. Highly recommend if you're at PHL.The 4 stars is using airport food as standard. Very good, healthy alternative to the many unhealthy if not unpalatable food one often finds.I don't quite understand the mediocre reviews of this place! I am here almost every time I pass through Philly. Very good sushi, noodle/ rice bowls, chill atmosphere and I have only experienced good quality every single time.  Very friendly service as well. I love it!Yikes! I just paid $6 plus tax for hot tea. At that price I could have paid a few dollars more and drink wine!
The sashimi salad at $18 was very good and priced where I would expect at an airport. 
Overall, the service was fine and the food good.stop over to NY had breakfast and stop over on the way home to have lunch dinner.  great pork pot stickers, breakfast was good, Yakuza roll had a great combination of flavors, Philadelphia roll was not to my taste, unagi sushi nice texture and flavorful, sashimi sushi was firm and fresh. the waitress China was friendly even after working a long shift, Sokhanna was very helpful when I let her know that I mis-judged my departure time and had my food wrapped up to go in a flash.Its sushi in an airport. 'Nough said.  Service is somewhat slow and bizarre.  You think they are going to take your order, and they don't come.  Then they show up.  OK sushi, maybe closer to what you can get at a supermarket.  But its there, and its relatively low cal if you chose wisely and you don't feel like overloading on anything (you won't want to overload here - price and taste make it hard to want to).  Not the worst sushi, but certainly not even close to third best.  Or fifth...I ordered the crab gravy fried rice and some sushi. Tried to give me the fried rice and no sushi. Then tried to give my sushi to someone else. Finally got my order 20 minutes later. Note to future diners: crab gravy fried rice is not delicious.Great atmosphere. Equally great service.
When you go be sure to try the yakuza roll, it will be memorable.The very best food you'll get in the whole airport! If you have the time, stop in! Much better than the big bag of nothing you'll get on your cramped flight!
Sushi you can trust!Disappointed. Went here when in philly airport. Wanted a sit down place so went here. Got curry Thai dumplings. They had an odd flavor to them. Then got breaded chicken with sesame seeds broccoli and rice. The chicken was some frozen dark meat white meat mushy questionable stuff. Couldn't eat it. And paid $35 for this. Never againAs with most here. Got in early for a flight and decided not to have fast food or Chickie and Pete's. So this is kinda your only other actual food option. 
I saw some mixed reviews so I am happy to report that I was one of the ones that lucked out. I ordered the miso soup and chicken pad Thai. The soup was a little too hot and the flavor was juuuuust a tad off, but the pad Thai was really good. Nice spice and good flavor. 
Overall, actually one of the better places I've been to in an airport so I would probably go back again and try something else or the same pad ThaiMeh, overpriced drinks: don't get suckered by the "double your cocktail for $3 more, sir?"  Double looked like a single to us.  $25 for 7.5 oz of nigori sake: I can buy en entire bottle for $10 or so!!! Dragon Roll: spicy tuna and a I were both so mushy the top of the roll was inedible.  No texture at all!  Veggie potstickers are the only reason why this is getting a 2*.Breakfast fried rice is awesome! Must add sriracha sauceEverywhere I travel I try sushi...so far Philly has yet to disappoint the two occasions I have eaten sushi here! I'm not usually an airport sushi kind of girl, but I couldn't help stop in and try it out. YUM!!!! Great selection for an airport!
Pricing was a little higher than I'm used to for sushi, but I don't let that lower my scoring! Great vibe/environment!
I didn't try the drinks, so this is purely based on the two sushi roles and the employee service, which was also wonderful :)To say we were disappointed in this place is an understatement. Mixed in with a plate of yaki soba noodles, we found a piece of fried plastic. Not wanting to ingest molten plastic, we brought this to the attention to the two servers in duty. Amazingly, the servers quickly whisked the plate away without even apologIzing for this potentially hazardous mistake. They did offer to replace the meal but acted like nothing was wrong. The meal was taken off the bill but an apology would have gone a long way. Unprofessional and dangerous experience.I stop in here often on my way back to Boston at the Philly Airport. Nice wine but expensive, sushi is good for an airport. The space is the best part with a nice contemporary feel.Great bowl of ramen for $13.00.  Much better than the regular pizza, burger, salads, etc. that maked eating at the airport such a boring experience.The food was fine but the service was excellent. Thanks to my bartender for being kind and courteous!prosecco, prosecco...and the vibe is the best! helps me shake off that airport agita!(3.75) ~ Good Overall Food & Service.  NOTE:  Located inTerminal C.
MY MENU:
** Coffee(Counter Coulture) =(4) very good
** Crispy Lobster Sushi Roll = (4) very good
* Water(tap) = (3.5) good
* Shrimp Dumplings = (3.5) goodFor an airport food place I will admit it was very good.  Overall it was pretty good food. I went with the meatball sub and bruschetta for an appetizer. The bruschetta with a little over priced for what they gave you but overall it was tasty and the meatball sub was good but as with the bruschetta for what you paid you could have gotten a bit more. Overall I would eat here again for quality but the hit to my wallet hurt a little.  Although disclaimer you are in an airport so theee is no such things as cheap at that point.After arriving from a long flight  I decided to get a "take out" from Sky Asian Bistro... I've ordered 2 rolls, the Spicy Tuna ($6.50) and the Sky Shrimp Tempura ($13.50). I was super dissapointed when I arrived home and open the bag, the rolls were small and thin. In the spycy tuna, the cucumber was like 2/3 of the roll and in some pieces I could barely see the tuna. The other one was not made properly and it fall apart when you try to handle it with the chopstick.
I will not reccomend anybody to go there... it is pricy and the quality is low.We ate a quick breakfast here while waiting for our flight. The food was good, the service was terrible. We were the only people on our side of the restaurant and still it took forever to get served. The servers were friendly enough, but very very slow. There seemed to be some confusion about who was supposed to be taking our order or delivering the food. They also forgot to bring us cutlery and didn't top up the water. There were 4 different people I saw working on our side, but like i said, it took forever to be served and no one seemed to know what they were doing. One waiter actually said to us....I have no idea what I am supposed to do right now. Not cool. Airports are typically pretty busy places. They need to get their act together a bit more. But the food is good.Ordered Crunchy Roll.  Very disappointed.  More cream cheese and rice than tuna.  I've tasted better tuna out of a can.  No crunch...completely lacking tempura flakes. If you are looking for a sushi fix at the airport stay away.Pad was good as usual but the chicken was dry.  Prices have gone up a bit and they're charging .50 cents for chilli paste which use to be complementary.  I haven't been here in a while so there's a few new cooksI got a roll called sushi donut. It was a sad 3 pieces of mediocre sushi and avocado roles around rice. I understand airport pricing but this should not be called a roll.  Bar did have outlets and bartenders were quick and courteous. Otherwise skip the sushi and order some something else.The things I liked:
-Prompt service (at first)
-Sushi was a good value, $14 for black dragon rolls filled with lots of fresh fish (but then again, I am from Denver, where seafood is often lacking).
-Cool atmosphere
-Close proximity to US Airways flights (C gates)
-Outlets all over the place to plug and my dying phone (& laptop to write this yelp review, ha!) 
Things I didn't like:
-Servers standing around complaining about "how slow it is" in ear distance of customers
-A well cocktail goes for $9, they pour decent but I felt guilty putting it on the company card so paid for it myself. Meh.
-Beers range from "$7.50-$11" and there are no prices listed on the drink menu
-Once the server drops your food or drink, they don't come back to see how it tastes/if you need anything else.
-They eye the receipt in front of you, making you feel pressured to not linger. 
I understand you are at the airport, where you get what you get, but it is so annoying when businesses think it is appropriate to obviously overcharge, earning themselves seemingly outlandish margins, when in reality, it just keeps people away, that's why servers complain of it being "slow" to the point where they make it evident in front of customers by showing a lack of enthusiasm and effort while communicating to one another about how they are disgruntled.I have been warned that airport sushi is terrible. I should have taken those warnings to heart. 
It is very expensive for terrible food. The airplane food, which is small pathetic portions for a lot of money, is better then this garbage. The salmon was like chewing on rawhide and it had a strange after taste that salmon should never have. 
The service was pathetically slow and unfriendly. The waitress gave me the bill before she gave me my food. It really isn't worth the time, money, or space.If you have a layover in Philly or enough time to stop at their to go area this is such a great place to dine. I normally don't have time to sit down and eat but I did today. The wait staff is great very friendly and my food came out in good time. Love the soft lounge music playing. They have Japanese Indian and Thai selections. I always pick up the seaweed salad and sat down to a plate today along with rock shrimp with green tea (they have at least four teas to choose from). I highly recommend this place to anyone passing by or through the C terminal. No time to dine, stop at their to go and grab something better than what the airline will offer you.I love this place ! I  had the chicken fried rice and chicken satay-best I've ever had! My husband had a spicy tuna roll, eel roll and a salmon roll. All 3 had a great portion of fish and he said they were all excellent (and he eats a lot of sushi). Highly recommend eating here-can't wait to come back.The sushi here is pretty brutal...other items not much better.  And its very pricey.  At least the service was nice.  Overall ungood though.This place was AMAZING. I tried the " Firecracker Roll". So yummy. Good portion. Price is up there, since it's sushi. And it's an airport restaurant. But I definitely recommend. I went back to LA Cali HAPPY . And the shrimp fried rice was also pretty good! Can't wait to visit philly again.I love good sushi, and I hate airport food. I stumbled across Sky while arriving early and having 2 hours to kill. Awesome staff at the bar, power to plug in, and some really good wines. I had a few of their special rolls and really enjoyed them. Was it pricey, YES! but was it good, YES! I am willing to pay for a nice spot that makes me feel like I am not in an airport. IThe roll I ordered was made way too big. It also wasnt rolled tightly. Which made for a plate of messy piles of rice. The service was good.The Pad Thai here is very good, in fact it is some of the best I have had.  I would post a pic but just had to eat the complete dish.I'll be brief with my comments: a spicy tuna roll should not be sticky, chewy and/or orange.Sushi and sashimi at the airport - it takes courage or stupidity to do it, so which am I....the tuna and salmon were okay, though I admittedly wasn't feeling myself on the flight immediately after and I'm not certain why.Beautiful decor but it's SOOOO DUSTY! I started to wonder how much dust was in my food. The food was fine/ unremarkable. Service was great. Hope they dust the ceilings and elaborate trim before my next morning flight!I don't think I've ever written a review and complained about prices. But $9 for a little dish of edamame and $16-23 for a 7.5 oz pour of a bottle of wine that you can buy retail for $10-15 is pretty ridiculous. The sushi was way stingy on fish, and my coworker's lobster roll had tempura batter with no lobster in several pieces. 
You're going to drop at least $30 to eat here, so instead walk back up to the marketplace area and get real seafood at Legal or some cheap shrimp at Chickie & Pete's. I hate overpaying for a mediocre product.I decided stop here when waiting for my flight I ordered the steak yaki soba... it was not yummy. The noodles were okay, but the steak was chewy and hard to eat, and the veggies weren't cooked enough. Considering it was $23 I expected better.Totally decent for an airport restaurant. The sleek Asian decor caught my eye, but I didn't have time to sit so I ordered take-out--shrimp pad-thai. It was legitimately tasty, though a little on the salty side. The place is pricey, though, but it might be a good choice if you are really hurting for some decent-quality food. I've pretty much given up on in-flight meals and like being able to find decent food I can either eat during a layover or take on the plane with me.For airport sushi it's good. Very fast service which  I love in an airport restaurant. I've eaten here a handful of times in the last couple years and quality has been consistently good. I really enjoy their wok-fried green beans. Delicious and sort of healthy. The sushi rolls are a little on the large side (i.e. very hard to fit in your mouth in one bite). That's one of my pet peeves with sushi, since you can't really bite it in half without a huge mess. So you choose: choke yourself on a massive bite or try to bite in half and spill sushi contents all over yourself. They redeem themselves with the carrot cake so I keep coming back.Yes you can enjoy great and delicious sushi in an airport! 
Quick service gave me plenty of time to enjoy it while charging my phone.  
Highly recommend Yakuza Roll! 
Fries were enough to share for 3-4 people.Loved their Sky Chicken and spicy Chicken fried rice ...didn't dine in but service for to go order was niceI came to this sit down restaurant thinking it would probably be a healthier option than some of the fast-food options in Terminal C.  Nobody else was sitting at the table, so I thought I had to order at the register and then bring the food to sit down, but the cashier said if I just sat down at any table, a waitress would come to take my order.  They had a special that day $26 for a sushi bento box.  You got to choose 3 pieces of any of the sushi options they had, and it came with seaweed salad, edamame, California roll, vegetable tempura, and rice.  I was pretty hungry, so I'm glad I got this to fill me up.  The sushi was okay, not the best but I didn't expect much.
What made me upset after eating here was that the next day, I get a call from my credit card company questioning some charges that were made on online stores.  I only used this credit card when I travel for work and this was the only time my credit card was out of my sight. I'm not sure who was working there near the register, but that is very shady.Glad I stopped here as I was considering lunch spots in the Philly airport.  I had the California roll.   It was as expected...very good but nothing special.  The Thai Lettuce wraps on the other hand were amazing.  Service was friendly and quick.  Next time I'm in the airport, I stop here again.I really love the effort for asian food in the airport.   I love it, it's exactly what I want on a long flight. 
Except... the quality was half there.
Spicy Tuna Roll - you know when you have left over rice from take out and you put it into your fridge and the next day you take it out and cold clumps break off.... this was my spicy tuna roll.  Which makes me hesitant to continue to eat raw tuna when the rice was clearly past acceptable.
On the otherside....
Chicken Pad Thai was really good.  Nicely done, good size and came out very hot (temp hot).  Which is perfect for those who'd like to take it on the flight with them and eat it there.  Just enough spice, good amount of chicken noodles and veggies. I will make sure to grab this again on my next flight.
Prices were high but understandable for airport food. Service for take out was quick and friendly. 
Besides my spicy tuna roll, all was good.  When it came to rating Sky Asian Bistro I couldn't ignore a spicy tuna roll of that quality - sushi has little room for tolerable error.Arrived too early for flight. Needed lunch. Did the food search and decided menu looked good- and also window seating available. Very pleasant atmosphere and staff.  Truffle dumplings- very good!! Added 2 special rolls- great lunch for 2! Left satisfied and not "greased out" like the other airport lunch choices!Excellent staff, GREAT bartender and amazing service. The selection here is pretty darn good and my meal was amazing - had the Kobe burger - heaven and cooked just the way a burger should be cooked!
The only reason this place doesn't get a 5 star was the ice tea was incredible horrible. My server didn't charge me for it and quickly got me something else. But if it wasn't for the horrible tea - I'd give a five star. 
There was plenty of places to sit and plug in as well - something that airport could do a better job of.Good selection. Friendly staff, although we did have to ask several times for drinks, wasabi & status on food. I won't ding them because I suspect the waitress was new. 
Soft shell crab app was fantastic, I fought my table mates for the last few pieces. Oyster apps were interesting as was the crawfish bowl - note, the crawfish bowl took 30+ minutes to arrive, it's prepared warm and pulled from the shell. Tower roll was my favorite, clean full of flavor & fresh.Spending time in this restaurant was the nicest experience I've ever had at PHL. The seaweed salad was solid, tuna roll was fresh, and the ramen was much better than I was expecting to find in an airport. The decor and ambience are modern and relaxing. Yes, this is an airport restaurant, so it's pricier than what you'd get otherwise, but it's reasonable for what it is.Sushi is over priced and not worth it. The rice was dried out. The fish portions were skimpy. At the very least do not take from the pre-made selection.Waitress was very nice and informative. Nice decor. I had the firecracker roll and the dragon roll. Not bad sushi. Not the best. Only decided to write this review because I noticed they have a  Kobe beef burger on the menu. Considering only 8 restaurants in America sell certified Kobe beef I doubt this airport sushi place is one of them. Even less likely they would grind it up and make a burger with itPrices are pretty steep. For these prices you expect better quality. Watch your step on the adult beverages. $18 per glass of wine. 
Service slow and inattentive.Having cleared checked in and cleared security well before our flight, we needed to kill some time and get some food before our connection to JFK. We knew we were several hours away from our in-flight "meal", and wanted a light lunch to tide us over. Sky Bistro seemed to fit the bill. I got a few pieces of sashimi, sake and hamachi, which were cut large and presented over a serviceable daikon salad. We also split a fried rice that was enough for 2 or 3 people. We were served quickly, and our waitress was friendly.
In front, they have a take out counter, and tables line a central bar. The bar had power/usb outlets, but the tables didn't seem to. It was a bit on the pricey side, but that's what I expected in the captive market of an airport terminal.Nice airport restaurant. We really enjoyed our dinner here. I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered the cheese steak dumplings. There were only four but it was enough for me. They are really very good! I would order them again. 
Hubby ordered California roll. He said it was good, fresh. He commented that there were only 6 pieces instead of the 8 he is used to. 
The girls split the sky chicken. They liked it a lot and ate all of it. They did say that the rice was undercooked, however. 
Overall, really good food. It's pricey but I don't think it's more than any high end Asian place. Our server was very nice. It took a little long to get our bill but finally got it after hubby flagged someone down. 
I would eat here again.I'd probably give it a three and half. I had the pork gyoza (4 good size dumplings) and spicy salmon roll (6 pieces) while I waited for a flight.
The gyoza were delicious and I could've eaten ten of them alone. I was in the mood for sushi so the salmon roll hit the spot but was nothing exceptional.
Service was great -- very quick and efficient while not lacking any friendliness. About ~23 bucks before tip, but what can you do?Came here after going to Chickie's and Pete and being ignored there. The waitress was friendly and nice. Ordered a drink each and it came out in less then 3 minutes. My sushi was on point and my boyfriend's pad Thai was delicious. Come here if you want good food and drinks while you're waiting for your flight.Great place for an Asian bistro takeout and bar.  
I love that I can now bring my favorite food in flight with me. The quality is definitely not there yet but it's still worth getting if you're craving an in flight pad thai or shumai.
The sushi definitely appears premise as my rice was cold, hard and flocking off in chunks.  Might want to think twice before grabbing sushi on a long flight just in the event something doesn't agree!
Prices are what you'd expect in an airport so don't be too shocked or think you can get something else where for a better deal.
I'll be honest, I'll keep coming back because Asian is my favorite. I'll know the quality I'm getting myself into beforehand.I honestly can't believe it but this place has a very good pork Banh mi available for takeaway! It's $10, large, and completely delicious. Go get it- this is good food, and especially for an airport.We breezed thru security and had almost two hours to blow on Christmas Eve...and so sat at Sky Asian Bistro for a good long time.  
Four stars on the drinks, they were delicious....but minus one because of airport pricing...but hey!  Every airport is pricey.
We avoided the sushi, even though it LOOKED good, and opted for the Spicy Ramen Noodle Soup and the Chicken Pad Thai.  They were both very tasty, I took my leftovers on the plane and ate them the next day for a snack.  It wasn't the best Pad Thai I've ever had, but it sure wasn't the worst!
Our waitress was very friendly and very attentive, so we were also pleased with that.  The decor was nice for an airport bar, comfy barstools with backs, placemats at each setting, and menus out and ready to order from, which was nice.My experience started well but went downhill throughout. I started pleasantly surprised that they had wines for under $10 a glass, which is a rarity in airports these days. However, the quantity justified the price...if my glass of wine was 5 oz., it was 5 oz. by a milliliter! Then came service...a little slow but no big deal. However (and I know this is a personal bias, so take it as such), being served Asian food by, ummmm, let's say ladies of South Philly just lacks a certain authenticity (picture Rocky's Mom...with lots of ink). They were pleasant enough, but just seemed out of their element. Then came the food...I don't think I've seen more sloppily constructed sushi in my life...the rolls were literally falling apart...apparently they haven't quite mastered the skill of sticky rice preparation. Additionally, everything lacked flavor...even the wasabi! Lastly, they made one roll (the spider - soft shell crab) so big...probably about a two inch diameter...yet cut it so thin...that even if it was well constructed to begin with, it would still have fallen apart...and every piece of roll fell apart...so I ended up eating a lot of soy-soaked rice out of my soy dish. 
Love the look of the place...want to continue to encourage them to succeed, cause PHL needs this place to be good...but they need to work on a whole bunch of fundamentals before they get to improve their rating.A nice atmosphere to be in Philadelphia's airport. The sushi roll was bigger than expected, but it was delicious. The Kentucky tea was just ok.Good food! I came through during restaurant week and got the Cibo Chicken, sweet potato tempura roll and caramel cake for $20! Great deal for the airport. The Moscow Mule I ordered was $12 . Anyhoo, the roll was generous and tasty as was the chicken. I couldn't eat it all. I'd definitely eat here again!Best airport sushi I have ever had. Also the sushi here is apart of my top 5 list of all time. Very good placePopped in here before a morning flight to San Francisco. The menu looked like nothing else in the terminal, or really much like I have seen in an airport! I had the Breakfast Fried Rice with turkey sausage. They give you choice of whatever meat you want in it. It was great. I would absolutely recommend hitting this place up if in this terminal.Horrendous food. Had ahi tuna salad. Returned it as ahi didn't taste right. Ordered California roll. Crabmeat was fresh but also tasted funny and was very bland. Always wanted to try, but never had time. Now I know better. Servers were very nice, so gave them 1 star.The Pad Thai was really tasty, and I can't believe I only paid $14 for it. This would have earned a positive review from me if it were a restaurant in downtown, so given it's in the airport where food is usually awful and overpriced, I'm simply blown away.There's like jazz and shit and the ambiance is nice and the food looks and smells decent. We came here to grab a drank or 2 or however many stop judging on our way to a quick Texas weekend getaway. Other than the fact that our well drinks with vodka and a soda mixer were in basically a shot glass, I asked the bartender how fast the food comes out. I'm never going to pass up an opportunity to eat something but our flight was boarding in like 20-30 min. His initial response was reasonable, "food comes pretty quick". I, just trying to confirm i would be able to make the flight that is my sole purpose of being in this airport, asked "like how quick? Like 10-20 min you think?" He literally gave me so much attitude and scoffed me off and had another bartender serve us. Are you fucking kidding me? Was my question out of line? Whatever. Of note, the bartender that served us afterwards was super nice. Needless to say I wasn't going to bother them ordering off the food menu in this fucking place.I stopped in here on my way back to Charlotte, NC. 
I wanted something different and saw Sky Asian Bistro. I got a California roll and Pad Tia Chicken. Both were excellent. 
The only issue I had was slow refills on my drink. But besides that all was great. 
If you're in terminal C and hungry, check them out.