Terrible experience, grey roast beef and undercooked chicken sandwich. Fries looked gross, fry oil needed to be changed. All tables open to sit, only 1 clean enough to use. 6 employees only 1 cooking and making hoagies. The others were just hanging out.  Requested a refund before we ate our food. The store looked worn, dirty and old. This place is in need of a motivated management team who can drive sales, focus on cleanliness, coach guest service and manage their labor effectively. Your SPLH must be in single digits. If nothing changes expect sales to continue to dwindle and eventually you will be closed after 20 some years.We don't go here that often because we have to drive and there are places closer to my house, but if it were in my neighborhood it would be our go to sandwich place.  Everything we order is always very good and the service is great. When I go with my daughter, they usually carry out our food so that I can stay at the table with her. They couldn't be more helpful or friendlier.Great shop got a chicken cheese steak! With mayo, lettuce, bacon, pickles, and much more was really good!
They are friendly and very helpful. They will go out of their way to make sure you are happy.
I enjoyed the food, the bathroom was clean and there was plenty of parking available at the location.
First time coming here will definitely come again!This place... nothing special.  A lot of inept employees who have no idea what's on the menu or how to make anything other than a cheesesteak and cheap, unappetizing, poorly assembled ingredients.  Not a great dining experience unless you just enjoy eating very large, mediocre sandwhiches.  Staff was friendly, though.$9 cheesteak? $5 cheese fries?  Go across the street and get better and more for less $$$.  Very disappointed in quality and size.Excellent Italian Deluxe hoagie. Delicious cheese steaks too!  The rolls are always so fresh and tasty. Service is always good whether we use delivery or  take out. We order about two to three times a month.I've tried slacks twice and I am far from impressed. The cheesesteaks are no better than steak-um.  I tried the boneless buffalo bites and ate half and threw out the rest. Overpriced for what you get to say the least. I've heard the hoagies are excellent, but without having tried them I can't comment on it.  Plus, Primos is around the corner, so no real need.This is a great place to grab something to eat, the service is very friendly and i always enjoy my time there.Second time eating here. Good staff, good specials-currently running a 5.99 cheesesteak special. 
Bread is good, but not as good as some I've had. Same with the steak. 
All in all its a solid regular stop.Absolutely great sandwiches. Stop in and check it out. The hot italian sausage is great as well as the italian hoagie. Almost every Wednesday they have a $4 hoagie special.If there was a rating system based on how many cops are eating at a restaurant at any given time, Slack's would be ranked very high, so you know it's gotta be good.
I still go here about once a month when I'm craving a cheesesteak. It's a no fuss, no tourists, straightforward, yummy, yummy sandwich. The meat is seasoned just right with just the right amount of cheese and grilled onions on a standard crisped Philly roll.Went there for the first time tonight. Took a little while for the guy to get to the register to take our order but thats ok, He was very nice & friendly, answered our questions about the menu which were a lot. The place was fairly busy, good sign & looked clean, another good thing. Got the Italian hoagie, on special for 5.99. My husband & I split it & it was plenty for the two of us. Hoagie was really good, everything tasted very fresh. I think we will be switching from our usual place to slacks.The Chicken Cacciatore Salad is AMAZING!!!!! I work in the area and decided to give it a try and I am glad that I did.  The lady at the counter greeted me immediately and they were all more than welcoming. They even know some of my employees by name.  The salad was so fresh and the Honey Mustard dressing was made fresh as well.  If you are in the area, do yourself a favor and try this place. You won't regret it!Everytime i order from here i get their chicken cesear wrap, i'm obsessed! They are quick with delivery and everyone that works there is so nice!Very good hoagies and steak sandwiches. My only issue is that delivery can take upwards of an hour and the food will be luke warm. Try the cheeseburger hoagie.I really like this place. It is low key, and that's a good thing. I went in and didn't experience any line, but their were people eating inside (many tables), and people waiting for their orders to finish. I got a Buffalo chicken wrap, and it was so damn delicious. They asked if I wanted mild, hot, or some hotter than hot sauce. I opted for hot, and I'm glad I did. It was definitely hot, but not too hot where I couldn't throw it down in seconds. The service is so great, the guys are really cooland respectful.This sandwiches are simple and that is where they draw their power. You have had a turkey hoagie before I bet but I'm also willing to bet this Slacks can beat that hoagie. They have some speciality items on the menu but I think they really strive in the simple 
There is plenty of room to eat in there but it isn't the place you hang out in for the atmosphere, unless the game is on.This place hoagies was on point we ordered The Richmond and it was very good. You can taste the freshness in the ingredients. It has turkey roast beef provolone and other fixings. The customer service was good too. The roll was perfect (Amoroso). We will definitely be back to Slacks.Ordered this to my hotel (holiday inn penns landing). The sandwich was pretty good and the chili was solid. It is great for hotel delivery and came quickly. They do not take the check in coupon for hotel delivery, apparently, but there was some confusion, so you may want to ask. Regardless, sandwiches travel better than burgers anyway.
Ordering to a hotel can be dicey, but this is a safe bet.Ordered wings and an italian hoagie to share.. the wings were a joke. It was like someone stripped all of the chicken off and served us fried bones. Literally a centimeter in diameter. Not worth it. Hoagie was processed meat and a stale roll. I'll stick to primos.Food was Awesome but more importantly employee Eric (superfan) was tremendously helpful and knowledgable in guiding me on my gastronomic journey. His enthusiasm and skill are certainly a testimonial to great management support, wonderful parents, his glamorous girlfriend and some guy named Sam. 
The food is awesome!!!This place is so fxcking good! The loaded fries are delicious & the wings... omg don't get me started. Me and my boyfriend always eat here and order in, this jawn SLAPS. The buffalo chicken cheesesteaks too???? POPPIN ! Plus when you sit in, the people are nice especially the owner. Fxck yeah slacks!I live in the area and seen this place so i thought i'd give it a try. The place looked pretty dirty and there weren't any customers. I asked the guy behind the counter what was good there and he said uncaringly, "I dont know, we have hoagies and cheesesteaks - what do you want?" I ordered a $10 cheesesteak and got a less than average cheesesteak with not much on it. I could have made the same thing with a grocery store hoagie roll and frozen steak ems and mine would have tasted better. I should have checked the reviews before coming here. It was a waste of my $10 and appetite. First and last time ordering from here.As good a cheesesteak as I have had in the lower northeast. In a battle with Joe's Steaks, this definitely wins. In fact it was the first meal I had when I moved to Philly five years ago. 
My favorite sandwich here though is the chicken parm. Get it on a seeded roll. It's delicious! It's the kind of meal you feel like you can't eat fast enough. I love Slack's!Since my neighborhood Primos closed, I was told to give Slacks a try. Not  happy  at all.
I never  had turkey that had such a heavy  taste. 
2 turkey hoagies, 1 with the works and 1 with just turkey and cheese., neither of us  could eat our sandwiches.  Either  old meat or low quality  meat.
Will not be going back, even for a free hogie.Food pretty good nothing special    Big quantity a anything to choose from. Main reason I'm giving 4 stars is cause they served 30 kids in prob 20 min great for large groupsThis is what we call toots and cooks. Came here once with my boys and became instant best friends with my toilet seat. To make matters worse the following day wasn't any better. Had to miss my 85 year old grandmothers birthday party because I was suffering from what my boy calls the "tummy attacks." Safe to say I won't be returning. If you go here to eat make sure you have plenty of toilet paper at home and preparation H as well. There is a CVS across the street if you need to make a stop for tee pee on the way home.I have a pretty serious beef with Slack's after a NIGHTMARE experience attempting to get some hoagie delivery.
Long story short (because believe me, I could go into a way-over-the-top, rage-filled rant here): We live about 5 minutes away, but it took 3 hours to get our delivery. We called 4-5 different times, and each time the jerks here kept lying about where our order was, and insisting they couldn't refund us. At the 2 hr and 45 minute mark they said the driver delivered our order to the wrong house, but still pretended like they wouldn't refund us.
Finally, we left to get food elsewhere, only to have our housemate call and say our delivery - that had supposedly been delivered to someone else- how now, THREE HOURS LATER, arrived.
Folks at Slack's were super unapologetic and unhelpful through the whole disaster. I kinda hope they get infested with rats and shut-down #bitterI was born on Broad Street (well in a hospital technically). For real. Albert Einstein Medical Center in Olney. It doesn't get more Philly than me. I grew up with Lee's Hoagies on Cheltenham avenue, (still the original monster hoagie) Marra's Pizza in Souf Philly, Chink's steaks, Dallesandro's in Roxborough-all the real insider stuff that only real Philly heads know about. Well let me tell ya Slacks on Aramingo is the genuine article. Great people, superb food and next door to Rita's Water Ice. Get thyself there with the quickness. Also on the FIRST Wednesday of each month the have a $3.00 Italian special. Killer! That happens to be today and I bought TWO.I got a chicken saltimbocca and oh my god this is amazing. It has breaded chicken breast ( real breaded chicken, not that bland frozen stuff), with sharp provolone and prosciutto. Wow simply put its amazing. Their fries are also on point too. Need a quick bite and you're in the area. You need to stop byOmg the dark skin dude with the glasses and hat can't get anyone orders straight he is the cause of this place loosing buissness messed up our orders after me correcting them the white dudes cooking are amazing but the dude with philly hat and glasses needs Togo nowAwful! I will never order from here again. I can honestly say the worst 9 dollar cheesesteak I've ever had between Fishtown and port Richmond. My fried onions were charred black and the meat was stringy. If you like doughy rolls come to this place! We also ordered a hoagie on the seeded roll. The seeded Roll was stale and the hoagie was nothing at all to rave about. I ordered a simple
Turkey and cheese sandwich on a roll for my child. The mayo was dropping out of the roll. Even he didn't eat it. Not sure how you can mess up a simple turkey and cheese on a roll but they managed. I would have rather spent my 50 bucks at McDonald's.I was hoping they'd have some vegetarian options when I visited and the grilled veggie hoagie caught my eye.
It wasn't bad and it was a much bigger portion than I had expected.  There was just something lacking on the hoagie that didn't tie it all together for me.  I wonder how much better it could have been if it was sharp provolone on the hoagie!This Place is amazing!!! Their cheesesteaks are top notch. This is the place to go if your in the mood for some hoagies or cheesesteaks. the french fries are very good also, and this place dosen't just serve hoagies they have so much more. Slack's is as good as it gets.I didn't want it to result to this, but I feel like I wasn't taken serious by these guys. I use to love slacks with a passion, and maybe it was an honest mistake but I have found a small BUG in my salad, and I was extremely unhappy. They did reimburse me, but I feel like I was made a joke of. It sucks but I really liked the wings from and all that from these guys, but I'm scared to go back after that incident. There is more on how I feel, but I'll just leave it at thatYesterday I cashed in on the Italian hoagie special on your sesame roll with the works plus mayo. Had one in the shop & brought four to my in-laws. Hoped to have a nibble after a graduation we were late for. Our nephews were swimming and when their Dad came to pick them up, out came the hoagies. The boys are 6 1/2 years old, and can sometimes be picky.
Pop-pop cut up the hoagies into 4's and the on-slaught began. 
In a matter of minutes, the twins had eaten their quarters and Noni's plus Pop-Pops. They started in on another four pieces directly. A neighbor dropped in, and he was offered a piece. The "younger" twin gave an objecting glance, and quickly grabbed two more chunks. His brother grabbed a third, and Tom did get a piece to himself. 
Long after the smoke cleared, we called from the road returning home and asking about any leftovers. No dice, there was 1/2 a hoagie left but they took it home to Wilmington, DE for a late night snack. My in-laws wound up having soup & crackers.
Glad I got to enjoy one on Aramingo!I really like slacks.  My personal favorite is the boneless wings & cheese fries.  The staff is very friendly.I use to love going to Slack's, but I think they are now under new management. Their prices have increased ($15 for a sandwich and small drink, no refills!) With all of the sandwich places around now, you'd get a better deal and more substance elsewhere. Maybe other locations have different pricing, but the one on Aramingo is not worth it.
Update: thanks for responding. Is the no free refills policy the company appropriate? I feel like it's disrespectful to tell customers that, though they just paid $3.00 for a fountain drink, that they can't refill and blame it on the city's soda tax. A lot of organizations are scape goating the city.Slack's has good hoagies for a chain restaurant.  Everybody that works at this particular location is very friendly and they like to talk loudly about sports while they work.  I like that.  They always have ESPN (or the current local sporting event) on TV and I like that too.
Once some customer was dropping the F-bomb kinda loudly and one of the employees firmly asked him to cut the language or leave.  I'm not offended by bad language but I thought that was pretty awesome.  This employee didn't hesitate to lay down the law in order to keep the atmosphere pleasant for everyone.  Good stuff.The food isn't bad but the employees are completely incompetent! I ordered 2 things and did pick up because it would take 3 times as long for delivery. When I went to pick it up the good wasn't done and I had to wait 10 mins for the food to be done. When paying for the 2 things I ordered I noticed that there was only one thing in the bad and they has completely forgot my other item! 2 things really you can't hand that! I pray for anyone own try's and places a large order cuz the bugs will be all screwed up! I have ordered from here a few times and that was the last time! Usually they will mess up a topping or something small but not completely forget half of an order.Outside the Primo's franchise, Fishtown is in dire need of a decent hoagie/cheesesteak shop. There's great burgers, gastro pubs, indian... no decent cheesesteak and its not worth it to bike up to Rustica unless my name is daddy warbucks. 
Slacks satisfies my basic desires in a good steak shop: clean, cheap, fresh bread and its close by. Both hoagies and steaks are good and to boot, they must spend that extra nickel on their frozen food before they drop it in the fryer because its infinitly better than say Central Pizza. The uber friendly local boys running the shop. Give em' a chance.If you don't mind slower service because the young staff want to joke around and pay attention to other things, then come on in for a really good hoagie.  Stick with the Godfather!Just ordered from Slacks for the last time. It's sad, since we've been eating from there since I was a kid, but this place has gone downhill. Last year, standard delivery on a Friday night took an hour and a half. Not a huge deal...we've worked in food service in the past and know it can get chaotic. Still tipped the driver and paid the delivery fee. After tonight? Naaaahhh.
We ordered the turkey and cheese hoagie and cheesesteak, both large or original size. The picture posted is the size of the sandwiches we received and my daughters 4" rattle for scale. I called and the guy on the phone explained that they had to put it on a hoagie roll, might have cut it short, but it has the same amount of meat. (He was actually very nice and polite) Those sandwiches cost 8.25 and 8.50 and the hoagie weighs about a 1/4 lb heavier. Good luck in the future.Let me start by saying that I don't think this is characteristic of slacks but is just about my experience. I noticed that the person making and prepping my sandwich was doing so with his bare hands...I asked sarcastically if his hands were clean hinting for him to put on gloves like the rest of the employees, and he just laughed and said don't worry they are clean and continued to touched my chicken and compress my hoagie with his entire palms and fingers...completely inappropriate and unsanitary...1 star for the experience...cannot vouch for the food as I threw out the sandwich...I am not one to make a scene and yell at an employee for not wearing gloves that is not my job. $10 down the drain.Great hoagie place, near my jobsite, indispensable. Will be back again and again and againSo much meat on the chef salad! No complaints. And I came on the first Wednesday which was $4 Italian sub. Can't beat thatI used to go here regularly for their hoagie and chicken cheesesteak specials that went on every two weeks with my roommates.The sandwiches were worth it at that special price, but I don't think I'd pay regular price for one of those cheesesteaks. The hoagies are a bit better than the cheesesteaks and I can't speak to any of the food beyond that. Nothing really blew me away I guess. I came for the deals and I'm not hooked enough to pay full price. One of my roommates favorite hoagies was removed from the menu, which turned him off then as well.I've had Slack's a few times before but I've never had it delivered. I placed an order and waited a little over an hour until calling to make sure the order went through or if the driver was on his way. I was reassured that the driver would be there shortly. Almost two hours after the time I ordered I called to cancel my order but a worker said the driver again was on his way and that if the food was cold they would do something about it. Two and a half hours after initially calling and still nothing. Tried to tell them I didn't want the order anymore but was hung up on. I will not be having food from here again.despite what people may have you think, there is nothing special about this place, highly overrated, people go on and on about their hoagies and wings but i've had much better, kind of has a sports bar feel to it, just without the boozeAfter my horrible experience with Geno's and Pat's, Slack's turned out to be a pleasant surprise.  
First and foremost, the staff was truly great!  I had just left Geno's and Pat's, and was heading back up the coast to go home when I decided to try a Philly style Hoagie.  Best decision I made all that day!  Everything was fresh, from the rolls to the veggies.  It was a heavenly mix of the right meats and oils.  Slack's made my lunch adventure from New York truly worthwhile.  
I plan to head back there several more times before leaving the east coast.  Think I'll try their cheese steak on my next visit, minus cheese whiz if they serve it that way.Grosssssss wings black ....everything greasy place dirtys definatley under new managememt no gloves people handling rolls never ever againGreat, homemade, fast, fresh! Really a great find, and a good value! The burgers are hand-made, as are the onion rings. Delivery is pretty fast and the estimated time they will tell you is very accurate. The people on the phone are also very friendly.I'll admit that I'm picky when it comes to sandwiches of any kind, and that's why I give Slack's 4 stars. I enjoy that I don't get any attitude for ordering my sandwich exactly the way I want it. The onion rings are about the best I've ever had. Most important to me is that we always get these sandwiches to go, and I've never had a soggy bun (this is a problem for me when we go elsewhere for hoagies). I've had both cold and hot sandwiches here, and I've enjoyed it all thus far.This is dope. Joes onion rings are so insane. Get them. My buddies dog ate one out of my mouth. If you ask for extra mayonnaise you effing get it. God such good food and slop for my mouth and bellyLocal Philadelphia franchise turning out some damn tasty hoagies!
Regardless of whether you call them hoagies, or subs, or grinders, or any number of other regional names, the fact remains that these guys make a delicious sandwich with an enormous amount of meat and toppings options. I counted more than 20 different hoagie sandwicheson Slack's menu - each can be made with your choice of toppings and dressings, and along with that you can choose from traditional deli sandwiches, hot sandwiches, cheese steaks, burgers, dogs, wraps, and grilled chicken sandwiches. They also have Kerr's chips & pretzels (local favorites).
For my lunch I ordered the Slack's Italian Hoagie which was genoa salami, peppered ham, cooked salami, capicola, and provolone cheese on a sesame seeded roll. Dress that with lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and sweet peppers, then add oil & vinegar and their dried spice blend. Toss in a bag of chips, and you've got a very yummy lunch.I was checking in on a claim that Slack's has an excellent cheesesteak. Since Griladelphia went out of business, I've been craving a good cheesesteak place close to my house.
We ordered cheesesteaks while my mom was in town. She knew I'd be posting arrview, so she took notes as she picked up the food. The place was friendly and busy. There seemed to be a lot of regulars, and everyone behind the counter was at work on the lunch rush. Slacks has a pretty large menu, with subs as the main player, but wings, ect ect. 
They charge extra for cheese wiz, which when talking about Philly cheesesteaks should be standard.  Other than that, I was quite happy with everything from Slack's.  The hoagies are pretty big, and everything here is reasonably priced.  The meat is high quality, thin sliced and griddle cooked, as it should be, and it's clearly a good representation of a Philly cheesesteak.  It's bigger, better, and cheaper than something you'd grab at Pat's or Geno's. 
Bottom Line: There's not too much to say about this place.  It doesn't blow me away, nor does it disappoint.  Slack's doesn't do anything amazing, but it's a good cheesesteak, and I now know where to go when I need one.I always end up here when I end up at Pep Boys, which has been too frequent if you ask me. They have really good sandwiches here. The names are great- Some are after streets, like the Cumberland for instance.  The last time I was there I got the Godfather(Sharp Provolone, Prosciutto, Capicola, Genoa Salami, Roasted Peppers).  Yum! This time I was there I asked for a regular Italian. He rung me up, and all of a sudden I had a hankering for a cheesesteak. I  asked if it was to late, and he said well a cheesesteak is a buck more, but don't worry about it. That's service.
Side note- There was a guy that had a orange and black mohawk there with Flyers symbol tattoo on the side of his shaved head.  You should seen the stickers and paraphernalia in and outside of his car in the parking lot. Tell this guy about what a great captain Sidney Crosby is and he would probably punch you in the stomach and kick your teeth in when you fell down. Go FLYERS!!!Being a transplant, I really don't get into the argument of who has the better cheesesteaks, or whose are more authentic. I base my opinions on how tasty they are, plain and simple.
I'm not a big fan of the normal cheesesteak, so my go-to when I'm craving a meaty sandwich is a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Slacks' are fantastic! The buffalo flavor is prominent, the chicken is finely chopped, and there's just enough cheese to satisfy, not overpower. The sauce soaks the bun, but rarely drips, which is a peeve of mine. 
The guys behind the counter are also incredibly nice. No grouches here! If decide to eat in the restaurant and someone happens to see you leave, 9 times out of 10 they'll shout, "Have a good evening, Amanda!" It's nice when they remember your name from ordering, even if it was 30 minutes and 15 customers ago.
There are TVs to watch whatever Philadelphia sport is in season and drinks machines to refill your own. Their menu seems pretty extensive, though I go for nothing but the buffalo chicken cheesesteaks. Parking is prevalent. It also helps that there's a Rita's right next door so you can meander over for dessert!I've given them multiple chances.... Today was my last time getting food from there.
Everyone hypes this place up but I don't understand it because they're so "average". 
Fresh Works is a couple blocks away and actually has GREAT sandwiches. 
Maybe if I wasn't expecting their food to be this amazing stuff  it might end up being bring okay to me.... Dunno. 
They're also too dammed expensive! If the food tasted better they could get away with the high prices but that's not the case.
They're just not that awesome.They may be a local franchise, but they still make a mean hoagie.  
Slack's has the menu of a pizza shop minus the pizza.  You can find hot and cold hoagies, steak sandwiches, wings, fries, salads, burgers, seafood sandwiches and soup.  
The staff is always friendly, usually greeting you as you walk in the door.  They have TVs to check out while your waiting for your food or if you want to catch the game.
Apparently they offer Philadelphia cheese steaks, hoagies and Tastykakes shipped overnight any where in the USA.  Can't beat that!
Be sure to try their "flavor of the month," the God Father Hoagie, you wont be disappointed.Good custumer service , fast order times , but my order of mozzarella sticks were extremely soggy due to them being place in the container with lettuce. The lettuce steamed up from the hot mozzarella sticks and made them pretty much mush.My favorite stop for buffalo cheesesteaks or hoagies. The owner is all about his customers. I have been ordering from here for years. They never disappoint! The bread is amazing. Love their wings tooSince I moved my business to the area, I've eaten their many, many times and I have never once been disappointed.  Having them across the street adds to the overall positive experience for my clients and that only helps business.  I also like how the staff is so friendly.
While I believe their prices are just a little on the high side for a hoagie, I think it's worth it for the quality.  It would be nice if they made pizza too, but there's something to be said for specialization.  They do one thing and they do it well.  They make great hoagies and cheesesteaks and I'm a fan.Shout out: My film company ordered from slack's during a big music video shoot.  There were a lot of people to feed so obviously we ordered a ton of hoagies - It probably took an hour for our PA to write down all the different orders.  I was skeptical, but everything arrived - labeled, and without anything messed up.
Generally, I'm not a big fan of hoagies but I was impressed.  
oh yeah.  Also, they were tasty.If I could give 10 stars, I would. This has nothing to do with quality of food, as I didn't even eat what I ordered.  It's all in relation to the owners customer service.
I went to Slack's and ordered a tuna hoagie. When I got back to my place to eat it, I realized there was no tuna on it.  When I called, I was originally told "we put 3 scoops on our tuna hoagies every time."  I walked back to get my cash, rather angrily, and take my business elsewhere.  When I got to Slack's, I was told again they always put 3 scoops on.  Needless to say, I felt a bit crazy that they wouldn't believe that I didn't bring the hoagie back, eat all of the tuna, and bring back and empty shell. I left and bought lunch somewhere else.
A few hours later, I received a call from the personal phone of the owner, Dennis. Without my request or any further complaint from me, Dennis took his own time to go back, watch the video and confirm that no tuna was put on the hoagie. He apologized profusely and said that my next hoagie is on him.
I've never witnessed such high quality customer service. I'll be back for my hoagie.If I could give 10 stars, I would. This has nothing to do with quality of food, as I didn't even eat what I ordered.  It's all in relation to the owners customer service.
I went to Slack's and ordered a tuna hoagie. When I got back to my place to eat it, I realized there was no tuna on it.  When I called, I was originally told "we put 3 scoops on our tuna hoagies every time."  I walked back to get my cash, rather angrily, and take my business elsewhere.  When I got to Slack's, I was told again they always put 3 scoops on.  Needless to say, I felt a bit crazy that they wouldn't believe that I didn't bring the hoagie back, eat all of the tuna, and bring back and empty shell. I left and bought lunch somewhe
A few hours later, I received a call from the personal phone of the owner, Dennis. Without my request or any further complaint from me, Dennis took his own time to go back, watch the video and confirm that no tuna was put on the hoagie. He apologized profusely and said that my next hoagie is on him.
I've never witnessed such high quality customer service. I'll be back for my hoagie.
UPDATE: I went back to slacks today and was greeted with kindness. They remember exactly who I was. And the hoagie was correct this time and delicious.Any of their hoagies, specifically deli-styled options, are off the chain. They never disappoint with the freshest ingredients, reasonable prices and quick service every time! Slack's is never slacking. I personally enjoy the Aramingo hoagie. Such a wonderful combination!!You can see Wawa from the parking lot and I wonder why anyone would go there instead of Slack's. You can't beat the price and the quality. Don't believe any of the reviews slamming this place. They are just trolls doing what trolls do.Slack's makes a very standard, extremely delicious philly cheesesteak. They have alot of other hoagies and sandwiches, but the cheesesteak is all I ever get. It's on the standard Amoroso's roll prepared just right. The atmosphere is true Philly style which means if you're wearing much beyond t-shirt and jeans, you're over-dressed. One of the best features of their location is it's right next to a Rita's so in the summer I can get my heart-attack on all in one place.blah in my opinion.  we finally ordered from here the other day.  i was surprised to find that there were at least 3 different vegetarian options.  a big plus.  i ordered the grilled veggie hoagie.  the price was good and the sandwich was large.  though... i honestly just didn't like it.  nothing seemed fresh at all and it just had a bad taste to it.  i wish i could pinpoint what it was.
anyway, my husband ordered a turkey hoagie and thought it was just okay as well.  he actually took the turkey off at one point because he said it just wasn't good.  darn.  was really hoping to have a great and affordable place to order on game days....best buffalo chicken cheesesteak.  Best roll,  quality meats and cheeses! when it comes to customer service they are second to none.  I can't recommend this place enough!  make sure to try the loaded cheese fries too, you won't regret any of it.This place is great.
I have been going here almost once a week for the past year or so. The food is very good and the service is excellent. 
I usually get a tuna sandwich, a cheese steak, or their chicken and spinach sandwich. All sandwiches are packed with meat and veggies, no skimping on anything. I love that the cheese fries are served with melted American cheese rather than that weird nacho-cheese or wiz that most places give. 
I would have given the place 4 stars, only because 5 stars for food is tough to make for me. I decided to give the 5th star because the service is just so great. Every time you walk in there they greet you as if you were their good friend. The workers are all very pleasant and they generally get orders out quickly. 
Overall, an awesome place to grab a sandwich.I love this place. The hot wings are delicious. Crispy, and the sauce is creamy with a kick. The rolls are fresh. The fries and tenders are made in house. The staff is friendly. Love it.Phenomenal service and great food. There was a mistake with our order a few months back and the manager handled it brilliantly. Just ordered two sandwiches and again, food and service were top notch.Great Philly cheesesteak and service!  Soft bun, quick service, will come again!  Service was outstanding for a cheesesteak shop!  Conveniently located.I am in love with their food! I've been there 8-9 times since moving to Philly 2 months ago. I have never had any issues. All the food is amazing. Never had a hoagie or cheesesteak or burger from there? GO. THERE. ASAP!!!!!!! Even the staff there are great!If anyone rated this high, I would think twice about other spots they liked. This place is such a disappointment.Not that great. Also, I ordered sweet peppers on the side for my cheesesteak and they sent them to me frozen.Fortunately, I didn't really discover Slack's until I moved away. If I had known about this place when I lived near Port Richmond, I would have probably gained a few hundred pounds. The guys who work at Slack's are super friendly, and that big, juicy cheesesteak hit the spot! They definitely use good rolls and put a nice amount of meat on them.I don't know why any self-respecting person from Philly would eat this "hoagie " unless I just got a weird hoagie,        one layer of cheese one layer of ham One layer of salami
That's not a hoagie to me. Literally I've had Wawa and subway sandwiches that tasted better and had more Meats on them and I don't consider them hoagies either.  Shame on you slacks for losing your way.