My partner and I split the vegetarian platter and left stuffed! Delicious food, very kind and attentive staff.  Will help you make decisions on ordering and certainly won't take advantage of you. Will definitely be back.Decent falafel wrap...but not exactly cheap. And the cave-like sitting area was cold and uninviting. There are better choices in Manayunk.Seriously one of the most pleasant dining experiences I have had in a while. Smiley himself is a true gem and the food was DELICIOUS. Had so much that I am eating it for lunch again today - and I can't wait! Please recommend to everyone you know in Manayunk, don't want to lose this place!Couldn't say it better than the below poster. Excellent food, service and prices.
Located where Mugshots used to be (RIP), one of my coworkers had been raving about this place, in particular the falafel and of course the very kind owner.
Went with my pre-wife and we shared beef gyro (carved) pita, falafel pita and hummus plate. Everything was extremely fresh (I concur on the crisp lettuce) well seasoned and just plain delicious.  A lot of food as well and complimentary baklava. We took our leftovers home (I wrapped the two remaining bites of my gyro - it's that good)
I highly recommend this place and you'll definitely walk out with a smile. I think this spot is still relatively unknown and I very rarely post reviews. This is a unique spot to Manayunk and I will be referring all of my friends as I really want the restaurant to succeed - because the owner deserves it and of course for my selfish appetite!Came to Smiley's after reading other Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed! I ordered the beef gyro platter to go, and the portion was well worth the money. Myself and another person split the meal, and there was still some left over. The gyro meat is cut off of a huge slab right in front of you. Don't let its appearance put you off: it's delicious. The rice is delicious and doesn't feel heavy or greasy like some that I've had from other establishments in the past. With the platter you also get a huge helping of hummus and a bag full of delicious pita, and a little salad on the side. I'll definitely be back here to try some of the other menu items. I definitely need to try the baklava.This place really isn't that good. The atmosphere is sweet, but the food is mediocre at best. I'm always disappointed when I type in middle eastern and this pops up as the best available, it's definitely not.Do yourself a favor and order up a beef gyro platter. It comes with so much food you could probably feed two, but you're going to want to hoard it all for yourself. Plus you get enough hummus and pita to bath in -- win win.A hidden Jem right off Main Street!  It's a no frills place but the food is fresh, healthy and reasonably priced. The smoothie my boyfriend got was so good he took another one for the road. I had the falafel platter and  it was awesome. I will definitely be coming back!I would start listing my favorite things about Smiley's, but the list would be impossibly long. New York has incredible middle eastern food, but this is, bar none, the best I've ever had in my life. Best chicken schwarma, best seasoned falafel, best (and most massive) vegetarian platters. The portions are huge, and did I mention delicious? Two very hungry people could make a great meal out of one serving.
I've had the garlic chicken- shredded white meat with many optional sauces, making each bite a different taste experience, as well as the vegetarian platter, which was so gigantic that my very hungry friend and I still had two containers to take home. Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
The service is also five stars. Smiley and Mrs. Smiley go out of their way to make sure you are charmed and satisfied, whether that's sending over free baklava or extra smoothies so that everyone can have a try. 
I'm happy to say I'm a Smiley's regular, and will sing their praises to whoever will listen.Affordable, amazing service, and a great location. I loved grabbing dinner here with my husband for a quick date out. I would have tried everything on the menu if I could have, but make sure you at least try the baklava. :) will definitely be coming back.At the midpoint of a bike ride, we had the chicken gyros and falafel sandwich for lunch, and they were wonderful. Ingredients are fresh and flavorful, and the staff, overseen by the effusive Smiley, were consistently friendly and helpful.Yum.
I love to swing by Smiley's on my way home from work and pick up a vegetarian falafel platter. Their falafel is perfection! Far, far better than Couch Tomato (no surprise there since this is a Mediterranean joint). Prices are fair, food is super fresh. Their hummus is silky with just a hint of lemon. Yes, carryout can take a little while but everything is made to order so I'm happy to wait or just call ahead. Do not miss this great little place!!OK, I'm going to be Debbie Downer.
Awful coffee. Just awful.
Maybe that's not fair. I have yet to sample all of their fare, and perhaps it's a bad idea to fit them into the mold that Mugshots (which was gone before I arrived in Manayunk) occupied. But in the end, they call themselves a cafe, which translates into a coffee shop, moved into the location of a former coffee shop and they include baked goods and coffee on the menu, so I feel comfortable in holding them to some standard.
They were out of their banana bread. All of it. For all the flavors they described, they didn't have a single one left when I arrived. This is a significant portion of their menu, and they were out of all of it, which tells me that they have problems with keeping things in stock They had plenty of Baklava, but I'm allergic to two of the nuts they use in them, so even experimenting is a horrible idea.
There was a small child running around screaming, and I could hear arguing breaking out as I stepped through the door with my coffee. I'm not saying that without empathy, but that is never something you want your customers getting to be a part of. Even if the food had been perfect, it would have detracted from the experience
And...the coffee...I have to  go back to that. I really do. If I has handed a mug of Starbucks and was told that someone had urinated in it, and my only other option was what I had here...I would seriously have to debate that decision. This is a horrible thing to say. It's cruel, and cruel honestly isn't that much more helpful than well meaning lies. It's even more horrible to look at in the cold light of day, and determine that it's still a correct assessment. But this is someone who, during his broke college days, would drink coffee through day old grounds. Someone who used an abandoned French press that was held together with duct tape, and I couldn't finish it. Seriously, it was that bad. I don't know how they did it, and that cup was an accomplishment in of itself.
Maybe the owners are nice folk. Maybe, their Mediterranean food is really good, as other reviews seem to indicate. But they sure as shit ain't a cafe. If they want to be cheery, and have great falafel, they should do that. But dear God in heaven, who I have forsaken in so many ways, they put something on the menu so bad I am still  shocked. Combined with a lack of stock and that atmosphere, I can't possibly give this place a good rating.The customer service was great. Only rating this place 4/5 stars because the pita was a bit hard, which made it difficult to chew, and the setting was a bit crowded (which they obviously can't help)! But a nice thing is they deliver or you can get pick up. The smoothie was SOO good. Also, you can tell falafel sandwich had fresh ingredients! And the portion definitely met the cost. I would order from here again!After all the great reviews I looked forward to trying Smiley's. The staff was friendly and polite. I had the falafel pita. The sandwich was hot but the seasoning was not as good as many others I have had in the Philadelphia area. I was dissapointedHad the chicken shawarma and it was fantastic! All the ingredients were nice and fresh and the food was so cheap! Great place to grab takeout on a week night.My husband and I swung by this little cafe and was greeted by the sweetest man ever! The cafe is very tiny, but super cozy and lovely :) We ordered a baklava to share and it was delicious. Planning to come back next time for lunch!I'd say Smiley's in the best place in the 'Yunk. Sure, if you want to sit for a while and drink a bottle of wine somewhere, you'll have better options. If you want to swing by somewhere and grab some pick-up, this is a sure thing. 
Smiley is a great guy, the falafel is awesome. Go get it.I'm leaving a review because the Delbert service at this place was terrible. I ordered some delivery with my roommate on a Sunday night from this place. After over an hour went by, we still hadn't gotten our food. When I called back, the guy on the phone said the driver delivered our food to the wrong house but was on the way. When he got there about ten minutes later, the food obviously wasn't very warm. I will admit, my falafel wrap and salad were fresh and pretty good, but I obviously would have preferred it warmer. When the driver dropped the food off, I mentioned that I ordered a smoothie that wasn't with my order. He said he would go back and get it then come back. After 20 mins, I had a feeling he wouldn't be coming back. I called back the store, but they must have been closed. Lou, the man on the phone, actually called me back and told me the driver went to his other job. He was courteous enough to provide me with two free smoothies the next day, so I appreciated that. But I wasn't happy the driver decided to just go to his other job. Overall, the food was good, and Lou was very nice on the phone and professional. But I suggest he find another driver so he doesn't alienate other customers who may order delivery in the future.I would love to give 5 stars but its hard because I have never had this type of food before. Its hard for me to compare but what I can say is this place is amazing. Its an excellent place to stop for lunch when walking in Manayunk. The customer service is definitely a 5! While I was waiting on my food and smoothie, I was offered samples of other smoothies! The falafel is amazing as well as all the chicken pitas. Just started going here about a month ago and I've been there 3 times already. Must try for foodies.Very pleasant atmosphere, and great menu for the perfect price. I ordered a chicken gyro sandwich with everything on it with my friends and received a free smoothie extra because my friend ordered a large that had excess leftover, so that was awesome. 
The food arrived in almost no time! The portion size was also very filling.
The flavors are very reminiscent of what i love about mediterranean food! Overall the owners are kind and have a great personality serving tasty food. I would highly recommend this cafe to anyone who wants to stop by for a quick, delicious meal or enjoy their time with a nice ethic dish. It's even better that they deliver on GrubHub so this will definitely be one of my favorite place to order from.You moved! You changed! Why??? This place used to be a secret gym and now with this recent changes lowered its status. The service is not with a smile and food is just OK. I just don't get it. You moved, no there's no seats, And you're selling tampons and toilet paper and dog food?! Who made these decisions?!Delicious, genuine Mediterranean food with a genuine sweetheart of an owner! i stopped in for lunch with my 18mo old daughter and Smiley was SO nice the second we walked in the door. He introduced himself and answered any and all questions I had about his menu. He even offered a sample of his tzatziki sauce. It was heavenly. I ordered a chicken gyro and a side salad. Both had amazing flavor... The chicken was seasoned perfectly. My daughter ended up eating more of the food than I thought she would. Who knew she loved Greek food so much? Smiley continually checked on us as we ate outside and was super friendly. He mentioned that he was a singer, i thought maybe we'd be treated to a serenade. Maybe next time! :) I have since heard that his hummus is to die for. Can't wait to try it!  We will certainly be back!Smiley is all energy and happiness all the time! He's sure to brighten even your worst day. Plus the food is AMAZING! I've had falafel in several different cities and his is the BEST! The hummus and baba is also so delicious. Be sure to wash it all down with a refreshing raspberry lemonadeI'm by no means a self proclaimed gyro expert, but this absolutely blew me away.  I had the Chicken Kabob Gyro Pita and wow, it was amazing.
Admittedly I would have written a pretty good review either way because, like just about every other review on here, the experience of being inside the shop was an enjoyment in and of itself.  I had read the reviews and had expected great, friendly customer service but I definitely wasn't prepared for just how nice and friendly.  And not in one of those fake- let me ask you a million times if you need anything- kind of ways.  Just genuinely happy and kind.  Even gave me a free sample of a smoothie! 
But the gyro itself is what made me write a great review and not just "pretty good". The chicken was so tender and flavorful and all the toppings joined together in the perfect compliment to the meat.  I am a huge believer of ordering something "the way it was intended" at least the first time I get something.  This came with tzatziki sauce, hummus, red onion, pickle, tomato and romaine.  Typically I may balk a little at the red onion but it had none of the bitter bite I usually find.  The romaine was unbelievably green, crisp and fresh.  The pickle was the perfect companion to the hummus and tzatziki, just the right amount of tang. 
As a warning, they haven't gotten in their credit card machine yet (but they say it should be in any day)... I of course had no cash but they were extremely accommodating with that as well.   I rarely give 5 stars, but Smiley's definitely earned it! Will be going back a lot, so glad I live in the neighborhood!Excellent food, service and prices! (Like everyone else has accurately stated.)
My fiance and I are always looking for new, unique places to dine in Manayunk and stumbled upon Smileys here on Yelp. We decided to give it a try and I'm SO glad that we did!
The owner immediately greeted us with a smile upon walking in. He was so nice and very informative. I ordered the falafel pita and my fiance ordered the gyro and we split a side of the hummus. We sat down and a few minutes later, we were served our side of hummus. It was so good and fresh! Shortly after, our sandwiches came out. They were outstanding! All of the ingredients were super fresh and seasoned to perfection. We also got to try a piece of the baklava which was also delicious.
I would HIGHLY recommend Smiley's to anyone who likes food. Needless to say, this is our new favorite place to eat in Manayunk!I didn't manage to get a picture because we inhaled our pittas too quickly. I just returned from Israel and was craving some shawarma but didn't want to leave the couch. I found smileys on Yelp and then on grubhub for delivery. 
The BF and I ordered the chicken and beef shawarma at 6:30. By 6:45 the food was already here. 
I'm not proud of how quickly I ate it lol but it was delicious. The shawarma was great (not Israeli quality) but we'll spiced (not too spicy) and the tahini was very good. 
Bellies are full and we are very pleased to have found our go-to Mediterranean food.Smiley's is a hidden jewel in manayunk. The restaurant is a cute cafe with a very nice owner who cooks everything himself and makes the sauces fresh. He is super nice and the food is good and affordable. I like the beef or chicken platter. Smoothies are also very yummy!I wish I loved this place as much as everyone else seems to.  Very average falafel, served slowly, and slightly overpriced.  Banana bread was dry and overall not good.  OK in a pinch but not anything to write home about.Ordered a chicken gyro, a beef gyro, and grape leaves.
It took an hour and a half to arrive.  I live 0.9 miles away from Smiley's Cafe.  
My boyfriend was handed a sopping wet brown bag of what was assumed to contain a charming dinner for 2 straight from the Balkan tip, but could have been mistaken for a bum's malt liquor koozie.
This meal forced me to review the definition of 'gyro'  (i.e. A gyro [iro] or gyros [iros][note 1] (Greek: , gyros, literally 'turn') is a Greek dish made of meat cooked on a vertical rotisserie).  The meat in the gyros was bland, dry, cold, and quite obviously not cooked on a spit.  The chicken tasted and looked like it was boiled in water.  The beef had noticeable bits of synthesized Mediterranean flavor, but ultimately dry, downcast, overworked and underpaid.  Sloppily assembled.  I drenched sriracha and mayo on everything to find my stomach's way to salvation.
Grape leaves were fine, though I was resentful of them due to their little olive oil orgy they decided to have all over everything.
Shit happens, I get it.  I guess I just want the restaurant/delivery driver to at least feign recognition by saying, "yo, that took a long time!  sorry, my man!" or "ay, got a nondescript liquid peeking out your bag.  my b."  Complete lack of acknowledgement or a whisper of an apology just kills me.I got the falafel pita and it was absolutely delicious! The pita it came in was fantastic and there was just enough substance to the pita-sandwich to get everything in one bite which I thoroughly enjoyed. I also got the grape leaves to split with a friend and in my opinion I would say those were just okay. I only had grape leaves for the first time about a week ago at a different restaurant and I thought they were amazing... however after getting them here I don't feel the same. Maybe I just don't know what flavors to expect in a traditional grape leaf- I can only say I enjoyed them a lot more at a different location.
Either way- I will absolutely be back. Honestly great, wholesome food for a really competitive price. Thanks SmileyLong overdue review - we LOVE Smiley's Cafe. Easily the best food in Manayunk. I have a hard time parting with my 'go to' platter - chicken shawarma and an extra side of their hummus with warm pita, but it all is amazing! Not to mention - the friendliest of people to deal with which seems to get lost in today's world at times. I'll be coming back time and time again. Thank you.This place is just great. I have yet to order something I wasn't thrilled with. 
I regularly order a gyro and a smoothie from here through online ordering, the delivery is usually quite fast and accurate. My wife is fond of the shwarma platter and fan of their hummus. 
We only had one incident recently where the food was an issue. We ordered gyros and the meat was overly spicy. My wife loves spicy food and she couldn't even finish it. It seems like someone dumped a bottle of pepper into the meat when it was cooking, For this reason we dropped a star, but we are hoping this was a isolated incidentGreat gyros, family run, friendly staff, the owner is super personable and you can pick up a great lunch for under 10$ in just a few minutes. Highly recommendSmiley's Cafe deserves it's five star rating. The owner Smiley has to be one of the most grateful and therefore happy people I've met in Philadelphia. 
I am a long-time regular at the South Street Souvlaki but after one time my boyfriend was literally chocking on a piece of splintered wood in his souvlaki, have tried to go less and less. I love greek food that is easy, delicious, and inexpensive and never thought I'd find somewhere else in the city.
I am sooooo glad I did. I love to support a business with a nice owner. The smoothies were delicious. I love that he offers them. I love the outside seating. I love the taste of the food. 
I had the garlic chicken pita with hummus and salad. The chicken breast was soooo lean and yet soooo moist. How does he do it?  I'm in garlic heaven.I was excited to try but was very disappointed. Beef schwarma was very dry and so old to the point it was curling up from being so dried out. Chicken schwarma was just shredded boiled chicken breast which was also dry. Falafel was also dry and dense and not fried fresh.  Hummus may be  house made but too acidic and not smooth. Everything was coated with tahini in an attempt to cure the dryness but it didn't help.  I also ordered a side of baba ganousch which was meh with too much acid and no smokey flavor and you get a tiny container for 5 bucks. Really the Only edible thing in the platter was the salad. 
I am usually not picky and will generally eat and like anything. But I could barely eat the food I ordered. I would say that the generic schwarma carts all around the city are better and they are by no means good. Maybe they were having an off day because I can't believe that everyone who gave this place great reviews ate the same food I ate today. The staff did seem a bit confused back there. Did something recently change?  For now I would say save your money and eat pretty much anywhere else.I have to admit I'm surprised by my experience. When I saw this place had over 200 ratings and a 4.5 average I expected something more than what I got.  I ordered the falafel platter which came with Tabouleh salad, hummus, mixed vegetables & a side of pita.
As a whole, everything seemed to be at least a day old. Everything was very stale and just did not feel right as you attempted to chew it.  If I ever storm a castle and have archers firing at me from atop a tower, I would like to be wearing armor made from the falafel because I would be unstoppable.  The pita, I would not serve to small children nor the elderly because it's a choking hazard. It had the consistency of that fruit leather you used to get from the cafeteria in elementary school. 
You know how if you put a lot of sugar in your coffee people make that joke "You want some coffee with your sugar?" Well that's what they would say about the amount of parsley in the Tabbouleh.  I understand Tabbouleh is supposed to have a lot of parsley, but this was to the point where I couldn't call it Tabbouleh.  They just gave me straight up minced parsley with a countable amount bulgur grains that seem to have accidentally fallen in.
The hummus was not that bad. It tasted like it had a bit too much lemon juice going on and maybe could have used a bit more tahini, but overall it was just ok.
The overall taste of everything was not bad, but it did not resemble anything that I would call close to good. Think of a delicious cheesesteak from Pat's or Gino's or Dalessandro's that's a day or two old.  It would taste like it's a day or two old, but you could still tell that it would have been delicious had it been fresh. I can't say that with the meal I just had from Smiley's.  It didn't taste bad like I could not stand putting it into my mouth, but I can't say I found it even pleasant. I'd get as excited for it as I would for a plain bowl of oatmeal made with water.
I think I rate very fairly and it hurts me that I have to give this establishment such a low rating. I will admit that there is a possibility that, given the other stellar reviews, I may have just had a rare bad experience. Unfortunately, that is all I have to go off of. I may try it again some day if I'm with somebody who really wants to go there.  Until then, no thanks.LOVE LOVE LOVE Smileys! Came here instead of waiting in the long lines at the food trucks during the Manayunk strEAT food festival. Got the beef platter and it comes with so much food for the price! It came with beef, rice, Greek salad, hummus and pita! I shared with my BF and it filled us up. I wanted to try their smoothies but didn't want to wait in line again. They have seating in the back which is comfy. Delicious and fresh! Will have to come back again when I'm in the area!Nice people. Very affordable. Large portions that I can eat for two meals. Probably the cheapest smoothies in downtown Manayunk. 5 out of 5 for adorableness.I've downloaded yelp just to tell people about this place. Smiley's is the best falafel I've had. He's great to come chat with and he's never made me anything less than delicious. He is committed to making you happy and takes the time to create amazing flavors in his food. Go. Eat and be happy.I love this place but it is definitely not cheap. I have to say though, you definitely get a decent amount for your money. We got a hummus platter that lasted us 3 days and two greek salads which were great. I think the smoothies are great I just wish they had more of a selection! Thanks Smileys we will definitely be returning.Food: Get the gyro platters! So much food (meat/salad/rice/pita) for the value. The pita bread was hot and the strawberry lemonade smoothies have real fruit pieces in them, too.
Service: Amazing. The owner, Smiley, was super friendly and warm-this might be best hospitality I've ever received in a restaurant. He took the time to talk with my family and even sang happy birthday to my brother in multiple languages.
Ambience: Seating area downstairs is casual and looks a little like a coffee shop with some tables and a few couches.Chicken kabob pita with a side rice hit the spot. They're always timely with having orders ready. Oh, and the hummus is really great. I'd also recommend picking up a smoothie.Delivery tonight and was blown away- great salad, awesome hummus, pitas were warm and the garlic chicken was very flavorful.  They forgot my drink but returned without a phone call and delivered it about 5 minutes later. So far best delivery in manayunk areaThis place is truly as good as it gets.  
Friendliest service around and some of the best Mediterranean food I have ever tasted.  As soon as you finish your meal you will be planning your next visit to this wonderful place.
I recommend the platters.  Fresh, filling food with some fresh veggies, pitas, and a pickled pepper or two.
Curl up on one of the plush couches with a book and you might even be there long enough to eat again.Food was amazing! Fresh and huge in size! We ordered a salad (added chicken) and a chicken gyro sandwich. Thumbs up for both. Definitely my go to spot from now. Good job Smiley's :)Stopped at this restaurant after a bike ride from South Philly to Manayunk for lunch. Definitely made a perfect day even better. The service was excellent, very friendly and fast. Was greeted right away and was served with a smile. We sat outside (which had an umbrella which was great for shade) and the owner brought out our food within just a few minutes. He checked back on us as well to make sure everything was ok. We got the beef kebab platter, which was delicious. My bf and I ate every last bite. The price was reasonable, and probably a steal if you take into account the excellent service. I would highly recommend stopping in at this place when in Manayunk.A good spot to grab a quick Greek meal in Manayunk. 
I came here this past Tuesday with my boyfriend and we ordered grape leaves, the beef shawarma platter (subbing baba ganouj for hummus), the falafel sandwich, and a tropical smoothie. 
What's good:
-The grape leaves! I'm normally not into grape leaves at all, but ordered them because my SO wanted them. I'm not even sure what exactly was in them (other than rice), but they were amazing. They had a really complex mix of flavor: a bit sour, a bit umami, a bit sweet, which made them really interesting. They also came on a bed of salad, so the entire side was really refreshing.
-The beef shawarma platter: tender, flavorful slices of beef with tzatziki sauce, fluffy and fragrant jasmine rice, creamy baba ghanoj, and a really fresh mix of veggies and feta for the salad. 
-The tropical smoothie: coconut, pineapple, banana, and honey. I find smoothies a bit too sweet generally, but this was perfect. *Even better because you get bits of coconut pieces as you sip! 
What's less good:
-The falafel sandwich: The falafel was crispy and I believe homemade, but bland. I wish it had a bit more flavor, and also that there was more hummus in the sandwich.
-The pita: not bad, just not great (thin, kind of tough). I don't think their pita is homemade, so that's probably why.
-even if you eat in they give you Styrofoam/plastic take out containers. It would be nice if they gave real plates/cutlery to people who eat in their dining area!Best. Service. Ever. The five stars could be given to this place based on service alone, but the food speaks for itself. Try anything: sandwiches, platters, and even the smoothies, and you won't be disappointed. What a fantastic place tucked away in manayunk.Let me just start off by saying: THEY'RE BACK!!!! Smiley's is open and back to business as usual!
EDIT: the owner (Smiley!) had emergency open-heart surgery, hence the temporary closing. Those of you who are griping about the closure, have a heart (hehe)!
And THANK GOODNESS because this place is - no exaggeration - my #1 spot for lunch and/or dinner. I absolutely LOVE Smiley's. I have lived (and eaten) all over the world, from Amsterdam to Colorado, from Nicaragua to Italy, from Hawaii to London and everywhere in between, and this place is hands down the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food I have ever had. The ingredients are always fresh (Beautiful tomatoes! Crispy greens! Exquisite hummus!) and extremely flavorful. The owners are the friendliest people and they recognize their regulars (like me, lol). I don't think I'm the most memorable person but, even if I haven't visited in a while (which is very rare, because I'm addicted to the beef shawarma and struggle to not grab a meal here every single day), they know who I am. They really know how to make a girl feel special! :-)
Everything is homemade with love that you can taste. The falafel is rich and exploding with flavor, the hummus is even better than my mom's (sorry Mom, love you!), and don't even get me started on the beef! Perfectly spiced and cooked on a rotating spit... my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The prices are unbelievably reasonable and the portions are very generous. Don't think, just go: order the beef shawarma platter (or sandwich) and experience taste bud bliss!From the moment you walk in the door, you just have a "smile" on your face.  You are greeted with a very warm welcome and confirmation that you will love the carefully handmade food.  I eat a lot of hummus and baba ghanoush and this may be the best I've had!!  Yesterday I had the garlic chicken pita and it has much attention to detail as it gets.  The pita is warm and perfectly toasted, the chicken tender and juicy, the hummus cool  and zingy and the lettuce and onion was crispy and cold.  Give it a try!!Found on a whim. The food was delicious and is in a good location just off of main st. I will definitely go back and recommend. The Gyros are amazing..This place is awesome! I finally found a place where I can get a gyro that's actually good! Fresh meat, great pita. I wish I could put French fries in that ish like I did when I was in Greece. (2 times). Staff was very polite. Oh and the Greek salad is not the traditional Greek because the put lettuce which is fine but I wish they didn't. I will be back 100% though as this place is greatCame to the Yunk to look for a place to eat, came across this place and boom! Now addicted!Smiley's is delicious! I've eaten here several times and have brought friends and family members who all agree how good it is. If you're on Main Street in Manayunk, make a left when you get to Whirled Peace (also great) and make your way down to Smileys. 
I recommend the fresh falafel pita with a side order or grape leaves and a smoothie to wash it all down...tropical breeze is my favorite. The gyros are also delicious and very generous on portions. 
The atmosphere is very relaxed and accommodating. They have seating outside for a nice day or a downstairs room with couches, tables, chairs and a flat screen tv. It reminds me of a relaxing coffee house I use to go to.
All the staff are incredibly friendly and Smiley himself is an awesome guy, very funny! This area is lucky to have such a good spot and could certainly use more like it.This place is a great little find in Manayunk. The owner (when he is there) is super friendly and always smiling :) Most food items on the menu are delicious - I've had platters as well as picked up a few items a la carte. Smoothies are good too, but not fresh fruit.Ahhhh I love smileys: amazing Mediterranean sandwiches! Good smoothies. Great desserts. Staff is always so friendly and helpful. Hummus is so good as well. I love everything I have tried. Truly authentic food and def made with love!I ended up at Smiley's on a whim, and what a wonderful surprise. The place is on a strip of restaurants and is rather nondescript, but when one enters, one feels at home.
   One begins by ordering at the counter, and then the food is prepared while one waits. I ordered the falafel platter, which came with falafel, hummus, tabouli, and pitas. The man who took my order told me it would be enough food, and it was. All of the various foods tasted wonderful, and I even refrained from salting my food. 
   The greater testament, however, was that all members of my party were satisfied. We are all from different place with different pallets, but we all walked away content.
   For those with families, this establishment is extremely family friendly, so if you want an informal place with good food where you can take your kids, this is a great option. Likewise, if you want to avoided this type of atmosphere, you might want to think twice.Argh.  I want so much to like the food in this cool little place, but it just ain't working for me.  The fruit smoothies are not to thick and taste like fresh fruity goodness.  The price is right too.  The people who work there that I've encountered have been super-duper nice.  Like really nice, not just smile for the camera nice.
I somehow ended up ordering a super-size mix-it-all-up platter.   It came with lots of food, and even subbed in something for something else.  My problem was that the pita bread was so tough, it was almost inedible.  It made it hard to scoop the other components.  Left in the warmer to long.  Although there was a lot of food, a large part of it was greek salad.  I would have liked more hummus and tabbouleh, which were good.  At $18.99, less salad and more substance.  I am sure that they would be accommodating if asked.Great sandwiches for cheaper than average prices in Manayunk!The food is great and the service is awesome.  I went here on the recommendation of my roommate and I plan on going back frequently.  I got the falafel and a strawberry lemonade.  The falafel was extremely filling and the the drink was very refreshing.  I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a good meal at a great price.We ordered from Smiley's very often through GrubHub. Their food is fantastic and the service has been great....until tonight. We placed a fairly large order, almost $60 worth of food. Delivery was fast but when we opened the bag, it only contained half the food ordered. We called Smiley's and was told we'd receive the rest. We then got a call from the driver who seemed confused and said he handed us two bags when he only handed us one. Now here is where the really tough part comes....we were waiting for a call and didn't hear back, now two hours after the original order was placed. We called back the restaurant a really rude female answered, said the owner refuses to give us the rest of the food, that he packs it himself and that they would send out one item from all of the missing items as a courtesy. This is absolutely horrible customer service and I'm not only never ordering again but we will now dispute this order with our credit card company. 
Very upset.Great food, nice atmosphere, and the owner is a pleasure to deal with.
I had the beef shawarma gyro and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was spiced nicely, and the sandwich had a good amount of condiments (hummus, tahini, lettuce and tomato). Also, the pita was grilled which I thought was a nice touch. It was a very well-balanced delicious sandwich that is reasonably priced.
The seating area is cozy with couches and space heaters (perfect for coming in from the cold weather). It's a little small, but seems appropriate for a restaurant of this size.
Smiley, the owner, was very pleasant and friendly. We had a short chat about the restaurant and the new year, and he seems like a genuinely nice person who really cares for his customers.
Overall, eating at Smiley's was a great experience and I will certainly be back.Smiley's Cafe will leave you with a smiley face. 
 As I walked into Smiley's Cafe, I was greeted by a gentleman named Smiley. Smiley speaks in third person. He says things like "Don't worry, Smiley will take care of you." He noticed I was a newbie to his cafe and recommended his popular selling items. He also let me tried the Taziki sauce that he made himself. It was tangy and had a zing to its flavor. So, I ordered the Chicken Gyro with Taziki sauce and I was very satisfied. 
  As I bit into the gyro for the first time, I could taste the chicken, Taziki sauce, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes all in one bite. The vegetables were very fresh and the tomatoes were cut the right size since I am note a fan of thick slices of tomatoes. So, if you love salad, you should definitely try out the gyro. 
 Pro tip: If you feel that the Taziki sauce is too overpowering, you can ask Smiley to put it on the side. "Smiley will take care of you."
 Finally, as a treat I had the strawberry banana smoothie. Real fruits, no powdery stuff here. Great smoothie. 
 Overall, great customer service, friendly staff, and great food makes Smiley's Cafe one of the best places in Philly to get a gyro. Highly recommended, and will be going back for more.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars here is because the hummus lacked flavor & was bland. Everything else was delicious, had the beef gyro platter & chicken schwarama very good.This place is so cute and delicious! Tried it for the first time and the staff was wonderful. When my food took a little long they gave me a free smoothie and were very attentive to making sure everything was good. Definitely recommend on a sunny day so you can eat outside on a nice quiet side street!Best gyro I've ever had, every bite was banging.  The people who own it are awesome they gave me and my friend a free smoothie because it was our first time there, smoothie was great too.  All the food looks like it is made and prepared the original way and you can tell when you enjoying your meal.Honestly, I was expecting better. 
I just moved to Manayunk a month ago, and wanted something delivered for the first time here. After reading all the reviews about how great it was, I decided to go with the Falafel platter with a lemonade. It was a bit pricey at 19 and change (not including tip), but I didn't mind the price too much because the rave reviews were in the back of my mind. 
The food took an hour and fifteen minutes to get to my house. I'm willing to give them a pass on that, because 1) they told me it could take up to an hour, and 2) I ordered at 6:30 on a Saturday night. 
The food itself: The hummus was your average hummus, pretty good. The sides of tabouleh and lettuce/onion/tomato were good. The falafel was decent, but a bit too hard for my liking. The pita is where it all went wrong. The pita was not at all fluffy or soft. It was too thin, and almost too tough to bite through. A real disappointment cause they gave me a lot of it. Maybe I'll make some pita chips out of them though... So there was really no point in wrapping the falafel and fix-ins inside the pita because it was too hard to bite into. 
I was soo hungry and it was too expensive to not eat, yet I didn't finish all of it. I'm hoping it'll make for some above-average eats when I come home later tonight after a night at the bars. 
I woulda given it 2, but I ended up giving it 3 stars because 1) maybe I just got one of the rare bad meals, 2) I didn't wanna bring the ratings down too much because people really seem to love this place, 3) they were very nice on the phone, and 4) maybe it's a lot better when you eat there. The pita was so disappointing though... gonna make it hard for me to order from here again. 23 dollars coulda gotten me a full meal somewhere else.I can't even lie when I say this place left me with the biggest smile ever! Between the incredible employees and manager (Smiley) and how outrageously flavorful and generously portioned the food was for the price, I definitely plan on going back. To those who love Greek food, this will set a new and delicious standard for you.This place is fantastic.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is amazing!  I have yet to have something that was "ok" from here, highly recommend.My son absolutely had to take me to this adorable little restaurant in Manayunk. It is GREAT. There's an incredibly comfortable dining area with couches and tables. Kind of how I would imagine the perfect casual restaurant. Plus tables out front. But more than the atmosphere is the incredibly good tasting food and truly wonderful people who run the spot. 
Delicious, inexpensive, huge portions, all the things we tried were great. We ordered a bit too much and had to take some home. The owner added more pita and stuff to the take out bag just because he's a nice guy.I don't understand how this place has so many stars. I just had the most disgusting meal of my entire life. I ordered the beef gyro platter & a strawberry banana smoothie for delivery.  The platter had hummus & a Greek salad with it.  The gyro wasn't even on the pita, the pita came on the side.  I could barely chew the pita and it was as tough as cardboard if not tougher.  The hummus was half water and the salad was horrendous.  The dressing had my eyes squinting and the lettuce tasted VERY old.  The rice was good but that's about it.I absolutely love this neighborhood gem. The reason I took two stars away was because I was recently here and the lady working there totally messed up everything. I placed a take out order which I was told would take 10 minutes. I arrived 15  mins to give them some extra time. The woman charged me wrong and over charged me on my order. She didn't even had a clue on how much a side of hummus cost. I kept repeating what should have been charged rather than what was charged. She credited my receipt but not for the right amount. She then had to give me the remaining amount on cash. 
After this I was told it was still being made. It turns out I waited another 25 minutes for the order to get made. This is normally not like them. I come to find out that the woman preparing the food had my order and was all ready when I came in but the Cashier overlooked the order and had her make a new one. There was no communication for the woman working on the register. She needs to be trained better. Overall it made me mad because I was late returning to work for this entire mix up.Smiley's is my ideal local restaurant.  It has excellent customer service, delicious food, and good character.
Smiley himself is very personable and likes to engage in conversation with all of the customers who walk through the door.  The young dark-haired girl who often works the register is also super sweet.
The food has always been fresh and delicious, whether I have eaten in or taken it to go.  The chicken shawarma sandwich, hummus side with pita, and tangy raspberry smoothie are some of my favorites to get here.
There is a seating area with a TV and bathroom on the lower level in case you want to sit down and eat.  For me it's the perfect place to grab lunch to go or bring friends for a casual dinner.  They are also pretty quick.  The one time I had to wait (not even that long), Smiley apologized for the delay and stuck an extra pita in my bag.  Unexpected and not needed, but very nice!
Overall, I really like Smiley's Cafe and will continue to eat here.Smiley's Cafe is AMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG ! If you're looking for a place with great food and great service this is the place to go! Guarantee that you will leave this place with a smile! I'm addicted to the Sweet Blackberry Smoothie & the Baklava & his chili !  I can just keep going & going! 
OH & the prices are great (:
- Sincerely the girls at Greene Street! 
Love you SmileyI looked inside the restaurant because it had just opened up and I was curious about what it was like. We were warmly greeted and we looked at the menu. I ordered a beef gyro and a smoothie. They told me that the juice for the smoothie I wanted was not available so I ordered another smoothie and the juices were not available for that smoothie. Instead, as an apology, I was given a free large pineapple lemonade in order to make up for the fact that they did not have juices. The gyro was good, but I feel like the price was too high, which is my only complaint. I would go here again because I felt very welcome here.This place is awesome. "Thank you for smiling at Smileys. I love your smile." That made my day. I ordered the beef gyro platter. It was delicious! This place is definitely a must try in a manayunk.  Great food and service.Stumbled upon this place after being lost in Manayunk! Delicious fresh food reasonably priced. Pumpkin smoothie and beef gyro sandwich!  With amazing customer service. Smiley is genuinely friendly and has a beautiful spirit. Highly recommended.This is the perfect name for this place...every time I walk in I'm greeted with tons of smiles :). Seriously love love love Smiley's! The food is super fresh and delicious and most importantly it's consistent. The Greek salad is really big and really yummy. Top it off with some chicken and your belly will thank you for it. The hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, and warm pita are all on point! Recently I read a tip about the beef gyro platter and I'm so happy I did. It's definitely going to be a new go to...you get a little of everything which is perfect! Get your smile on and stop on by :)Yikes.. Almost a 2 hour wait for delivery... "He is on the way," I was told three times, and the fourth time I asked  them to tell the delivery driver to not come. The manager wished to not speak to me when I asked for him/her.. I just wanted to validate my refund. Very unprofessional. Sadly, this would have been my first time trying their food. Never again.