Stopped for a beer the other day - a bit slow and they were out of the beer I wanted but it was all in all not a bad time.  Cheese plate was good, well chosen and well presented if a bit skimpy.I love Snackbar. It is one of my favorite places in the city. I've been going there since it opened (back when it was all small plates), and it seems to be getting better all the time.
The food is always great and inventive. The menu is always changing. I've rarely had a bad item. The drinks are just as good, and even though the beer list is short, they're always updating it with great options.
The thing I really love about Snackbar is the great atmosphere. I love to go here with friends whether it is for a full dinner, a late night snack and some drinks, or to end the night.
They also have some amazing guest chefs in every once in a while.After a long day at the office, I was hungry, real hungry and at the recommendation from a coworker, I stopped by Snackbar for some dinner. 
While being seated and welcomed by a ridiculously hot waitress, I was informed that there was still 20 minutes left in during happy hour, so I ordered a glass of the red wine. It was nothing special, but after a long day at the office, it was just what the doctor had ordered. 
When the waitress returned with my wine, I immediately put in an order for the white bean soup w/ duck confit. When the soup came out,it was so piping hot, I nearly burnt my tongue. OK, I did burn my tongue but nothing was going to stop me from devouring this soup. The soup was rich in texture and flavor. I couldn't imagine starting my meal off with anything else on this frigid Philly night. 
After the soup was disappeared, the main course came out. Can you say Short ribs, barley, and mini carrots? These carrots weren't baby, but they weren't full grown either, lets call them teenage carrots. The bold rich flavor of the short ribs combined nicely with the added texture from the large grains of barely. This was straight up comfort food. Having eaten the the soup and the short ribs, I was very full and warm all over. 
I'm anxious to revisit Snackbar to sample the famous chicken pot pie which was encased by a super flaky pastry. I noticed a lot of people got the pot pie last night and this dish seemed to invoke a smile where ever it was placed down. I like that Snackbar is serving up hot comfort food during these cold months. I also like the waitress.Easily one of my favorite bars in Philly.  The ultra-mod minimalist decor is very pleasing, and the fireplace makes it extremely cozy in cold weather.  The menu offers many delish entrees and snacks - my favorite is the mac 'n cheese.  I often come close to tears if I don't arrive before the kitchen closes at 1AM.
Another major plus to this relaxing spot is the friendly and attentive service.  Bartender Doug plays excellent tunes and will concoct a glorious cocktail upon request.  He recently fulfilled my request of mixing something inspired by George Michael.  Also, Ryan the server is extremely friendly and easy on the eyes.
You will catch me at Snack Bar at least once a week having a glass of wine with friends.Quality over quantity.  Tiny everything.  But, small is not always bad.  
As a recently ex-single, I understand that a girl sometimes just wants a snack for dinner.  So, when my hubby is not in town, I grab a beer here and choose a few small dishes for dinner.I was surpised to see that Snackbar wasn't on Yelp already. This small Tapas bar just off of Rittenhouse Square is not bad. The prices are high in comparison to some Tapas bars I have been too, and the space is small. But for a quick bite it's not bad.I really don't know how many stars to give this place.  We were there during restaurant week, a time during which they were celebrating their 3rd anniversary and 3 bell review with 3 courses for $30.  Food was DELISH!  Amazing, fresh, soft in all the right places and excellently well done!   
JRG casually made a reservation, and it seemed like that we were the only 2-person party dining, we got the sweet private alcove which I can only imagine has seen the hineys of famous "Philadelphians" who hang out in Rittenhouse, like Cole and Heidi Hamels.  It'd be perfect for someone desiring privacy, although the size of the table was weird for the spot.  It was too short to sit on the sides across from each other, so we sat facing out next to each other.  However, there's a huge art piece which hangs so low one can't put her back against the wall and needs to rely on her own posture for comfortable seating.
When I arrived a few minutes late for the reservation, the hostess approached me immediately when I gave her jrg's name.  She brought me right to the alcove, where he was sitting.  Jrg, who often is mistaken as being a person of mexican descent, told me that when he arrived, he waited for 5 minutes before anyone approached him.  He also said that the woman who he thought was the hostess passed him 3 times before acknowledging him.  She acknowledged him once he sat at the bar.   When he told me this, I immediately noticed that she was scolding one of the well-dressed hispanic busmen.   Seemed a little fishy (i.e. racist) to me.  I can't tolerate this kind of behavior, but my fiance wants to rate the restaurant higher...so we averaged our scores and came up with 3.  Grrr...We ended up here for a late night night cap and snack with a friend who is a regular.  Fun little bar - very tiny but it adds to the ambience.  Doug the bartender and Ryan the waiter treated us like regulars.  We snacked on the sides - brussel sprouts, mac and cheese and bok choy - all very good confort food.  Would definitely want to come back for dinner.Extremely expensive place (e.g. all wines by the glass start at $10) that has somewhat tasty delights.  I wouldn't call it tapas so much as pretentious meals for women who don't eat and the men who pretend to love them.
Don't think I'll be back.I really want to check out snackbar... it's been on my radar for awhile.  everytime I drive by on 20th, it just looks great.
The philly.com website says it opens daily at 1pm and has a daily pastries/coffee hour in the mornings at 8am... but this is simply not true.     When I called them - they said nope... open at 5PM for dinner.  Then I clicked on their website to see what time their own website says - and they don't even have a website!   pretty lame.  I still want to go though...This place is intimate and feels warms (homely, not the temperature). It's right off Rittenhouse Square. 
They have a good selection of wine. They bring your water in these glass jars that they leave at your table and the staff was very good about stopping by our table to fill up our water for us whenever it was getting low. The menu has some fairly delicious sounding stuff on it. My date & I split an appetizer of assorted pickles. It was good (pickled tomatoes!!!) but splitting it with 2 people, we each could only get 4. For something I can get for dirt cheap somewhere else, not impressed. I ordered the Potato Gnocchi for dinner. It was SUPER delicious with mushrooms in this creamy Parmesan sauce. but the portion was so small I felt like I wanted more. And it was one of the most expensive things on the menu. My date ordered the Margherita pizza which actually was fairly large for one person and looked a lot more worth the cash spent on it. 
Our food came out in less than a half hour which is awesome, but this is where it gets weird...
Our waitress, who was really knowledgeable about the menu and friendly and came at all the right times, just flat out DISAPPEARED once we were done eating. we didn't see her in the restaurant anywhere and after sitting at our table for another half hour twiddling our thumbs, we finally asked another server for our check which he apologetically brought to us, but offered no explanation as to where the hell our waitress went. weird. it left a bad taste in our mouth.
there are a lot more nice restaurants in the area that give you more of what you pay for that won't have spotty service. i'd skip this place.I was here with a party of 10 for my friend 24th birthday.  Their tapas were all right. 
I recommend this place for drinks with some friends amongst a crowd of classy dressed people.  Other than that, their food really stunk.  I had gotten their NY Strip Steak With Sauteed Mustard Greens and Blue Cheese Butter which was not good.  I asked for medium rare and it came out medium well.  Not only that, the NY strip steak was salty as if they were masking how old the steak may have been?  Not sure but if one is to pay $24 for a steak, you would assume that it would be at least good.  The potatoes were just potatoes at least they got that right.  If you screw up potatoes, then you suck.  I got a glass of their cheapest red wine which wasn't bad.  It was called De Bortoli Merlot.  Just Merlot.  Whatevs.  We had a taste of all the tapas which is never filling.  The tapas were okay, nothing special.  If you want great tapas, you should go to Amada's, which is the best tapas place in Philly in my opinion.  Overall, if you wanna just a casual drink, small talk, and look cool then I guess come here cuz Rittenhouse is nice but food sucks.  Eat Ramen.  Save Money.I absolutely looooooove Snackbar.  Ok, so it IS just right around the corner from my house, but the food is always such a delight.  I love how the menu changes seasonally.  The burger is always a must, the brussel sprouts are SOOOOO yummy, the risotto is a staple...  People say the mac&cheese is good, but I didn't love it...it didn't have the bread crumb crust that I love so much.   I would say that the desserts are so-so (except right now there's a tasty pumpkin something or other that should be tried).  The rice krispy thing is not so hot, so get something else.  
Snackbar is also a great place to chill. How cool is the fireplace and the little hidden table...I heart Snackbar!Very cozy, hip, fun place to get after dinner drinks or pre dinner nibbles.  Good wine selection, solid liquor selection, and super friendly servers.  Nicely designed, I'm actually excited to check out their location in my city too!  Not much else to say, really; another great spot in a great neighborhood.Wouldn't necessarily say don't go there, but there are certainly better places. The service is good, the white bean soup was great.  Unfortunately had to send back the calamari since it was super chewy and kind of greasy.  The pierogies were flavorful and the texture good, but a little on the cold side.
Now for the important notes - the cocktail list was not up my alley.  There were a lot of brown liquors being mixed with fortified wines, probably all better suited for an after dinner drink.   They do carry Bulleit bourbon and I'm not mad at that.why does the bloody "murray" have fucking clam juice in it?If you like having drinks and food in a place the size of a shed then definitely check this place out..Staff is self absorbed because they got some 3 sentence editorial fart in an issue of GQ last year...Used to get dragged here with the company's happy hour from time to time..
After a few scotches I wasn't paying for you could probably hear me saying things like...
"The appetizer is made with ...what? "  "what's in this?"  Wait, they're really not putting the ballgame on?"
You get my driftI went here the other night for dinner.  With an abundance of less crowded less expensive, tastier fare within a few blocks of the snackbar I'd suggest to snack elsewhere.Do you like making out with your date at a restaurant in a cozy booth somewhat hidden from everyone else? Then you should definitely eat here and request the table in the little alcove.
Do you want actually good food for reasonable prices served by a great waiter? Maybe you should try somewhere else...I love Snackbar!
It's cozy and dark, which are things that I appreciate. Sometimes it's a little too busy/loud for my tastes, but I can hardly criticize them for being popular.
As other people have mentioned, this isn't really a place to go if you're looking for a meal. They weren't just trying to be clever by naming the place "Snackbar." It's a place to go to get tastey, small snacks and drinks.
Also one of the waiters has one of the best moustaches I have ever seen, which, in my book, is invaluable.I can only rate this place on drinks and service because i did not order food. That being said....on our way home for brunch, a friend called and told us she was in rittenhouse, and had finished a first date. I love first date stories( especially bad ones) so we decided to meet said friend for a drink or five. A couple of the places we tried were switching over from brunch to dinner and were closed as a result, as we were peering into the Snackbar about to leave because they also seemed closed, the waiter with the curled mu stashed appeared. We asked if they were open, and he said they were switching over and not serving food. he then told us if we didn't care that they were prepping he would be happy to serve us drinks. Yay! a private bar with waiter service, what great luck. My two friends and I all had several cocktails, mine was a tequila and red wine mix called the Red Rita. The waiter who you can't miss because of his unique mustache was friendly, clever and efficient. we talked and people watched for a couple hours, as the Snackbar began to open and serve food. The atmosphere and service reminded me of how special a sunny weekend afternoon in the city can be. Plus we watched two women offer a very drunk women sex for the rest of her bottle of wine. like I said sunny weekend afternoons in Philadelphia.Doug the bartender here is amazing. I'm sure he mixes a mean drink but the fact is Snackbar deserves a five star review solely because Doug is super neighborly and awesome. Let's just say that a friend of mine from out of town parked across the street and locked her keys in the car. After he noticed our pathetic and futile efforts, Doug managed to retrieve them for her. He then fed us chocolate afterwards and recommended/served a fabulous wheat beer. He did all this for us even though I'd never set foot in that bar before, despite living within easy stumbling distance. I'll definitely be back to try the food but that kind of first impression is hard to negatively affect.Gave the 2 stars for the value of the meal.  Mentioning something to waitress, we were met with a blank stare and a reluctant offer to get us more bread.  After another 15 minutes of waiting, we were met with 6 quarter-inch croutons.  The quality of the meal was pretty good, the breakfast burger was quite tasty, though not terribly exciting.  The ambiance was nice, and the intimacy of the dining area is nice, but I, and the party I was with, found the menu to be lacking.  Despite the small size, the restroom was surprisingly hard to find due to it being an unmarked door.So, I've been to this bar of snacks many many times, and have been through many iterations of their menu. While I usually like the changes they make their recent changes are sub par at best. They no longer have any viable vegetarian options and everything is served in a cream sauce. 
The drinks and service are still good, but the snacks left me hungry. Great french brioche desert tho and fries. However desert and potatoes does not a meal make. 
I want the server w/ the stovepipe mustache to come back, he added some much welcome character to the place. Also, they are welcoming of additional people to your party, so long as they have chairs to seat you.Went here late on a Saturday and had a great time with friends -- Snackbar walks the line between being classy (great!) and pretentious (boo), and is a comfortable place to grab drinks with friends.  We met a group of people there, and quickly it felt like the bar was ours!  Agree that the wine is somewhat pricey; they also have beers and cocktails.
Menu looks more comprehensive than "snack", although i haven't tried anything.I got here a bit before my friend and I enjoyed the calm/coolness of this place. The little fire and the red walls helped me to decompress. While waiting, I was pleasantly surprised that I was there during happy hour (5-7pm) and some of the small plates were $5 - so of course I helped myself to a glass of house merlot and the caramel popcorn and olives plate. 
When my friend arrived, we drank more wine and shared the periogies. These were just amazing - the light green chives sauce was so good! For my main dish, I ordered the short ribs with little carrots and barley, but this dish was just TOO damn salty. My friend couldn't believe how salty it was. The short ribs were cooked just perfectly but how could the chef not realize how salty the sauce and thus the whole dish was?!? Wow. My friend who ordered the breakfast burger found her french fries to be extremely salty as well, but that's more forgiveable. They made it up with dessert though. We ordered the parfait (with a hint of banana) and the funnel cake with cherry coke whipped cream - straight off the boardwalk. 
The service was top notch! Our waitress was the best. I only wish that my entree was good. I'll be back though for more happy hours and small plates - I'll pass on the entrees.My return to Snackbar was a pleasure. I am now a new fan. The new menu is great, lots of options for starters or "snacks" The entree list is well balanced with choices to fit your mood. Our server was so cute, friendly, and helpful, you just want to box her up and take her everywhere you go. The wine I ordered, which I wrote down the name, and will add later, was fantastic. I had four glasses. 
My entree was a special. It was a Very lightly fried chicken with collard greens and mashed potatoes loaded with fresh herbs and the chicken gizzards. The whole meal was rich and satisfying without being heavy. 
This down home food was upscale. 
My wife felt her burger with fried egg, was on par with the top Philly burger options. 
The ambiance like the food, is a mixture of warm but cool, sleek but cosy. The service is flawless. The only drawback is size, Snackbar is very small, so there may be an issue getting a seat. 
I plan on keeping an eye on Snackbar, and when space is available, they can count on seeing much more of me.Decided to give this Rittenhouse mainstay a try for a late happy hour/early dinner. Not being exceptionally hungry (and wanting to sample a few dishes) we avoided the entrees and made a few smaller selections.
Calamari - This had a nice, light breading with good seasoning that was perfectly fried. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the underlying calamari, which was on the chewy side. It happens.
Ramen - The fiance said it was ok, but nothing spectacular. Why are there so many pho restaurants but not a single prominent ramen house in Philly? Someone needs to jump on this.
Clam and lardo flatbread - This had potential, but the flavors just didn't come together for me. The clams were few and far between. The flatbread was tasty, but a little tough in areas.
Overall we were disappointed. Maybe in their defense our expectations were too high (although for the location and prices I think it reasonable to look for quality and innovation). To their credit the popcorn was very good.The idea of snack bar is a brilliant one. It offers creative, competitively priced dishes to an eclectic center-city crowd.  I have long been meaning to go, and last night I finally made it there. 
The restaurant itself complements the concept of the food. Small, edgy and different to almost anything in town. Its red walls and simple layout give it an endearing warmth. Our servers were helpful (if not a little forgetful) but perhaps less informed than in places like Tria. 
We started with the Poached Shrimp, Chicken Liver Pate, Caprese Salad, Foie Gras with Scallop and Potato Pierogies. The Shrimp and Liver were both great dishes. The shrimp combo was particularly well conceived as  the melon and cucumber provided a refreshing taste. The caprese is fine but lacks creativity on a generally adventurous menu. The foie gras however was something of a disappointment. Served atop a heavily salted slice of toasted baguette, it had a weak flavor profile and texture. The scallop did nothing to complement the dish other than to provide an interesting visual but was in fact a delicious scallop, which should have stood alone in it own dish. 
The entrees on the table included lamb spareribs, red snapper, a stuffed chicken breast and a New York strip. Again, over seasoning was a big problem. It led me to believe that Snackbar is trying to hide lower quality ingredients behind a barrage of salt - and it fails. The spare ribs were small and greasy, and made it very obvious why I'd never seen lamb spareribs before. The snapper was decent but slightly overcooked and was definitely the most exciting plate on the table. The chicken breast is a well executed dish and was probably the winning plate, although with such interesting creations on the table, its lamentable that this is the case. 
Snackbar is on the right track. If they took more care in the crafting of their dishes to bring out the advertised flavors, and invested more in the quality of ingredients, it could be sublime.I stopped into Snackbar for drinks and was pleased with the experience.  The cocktails are great and they were able to offer suggestions for tasty drinks that were not on the menu.  We got an order of the fries and the aioli sauce was delicious!  I was tempted to order more fries to soak up the remaining sauce, but I resisted.  Our server was quite good.  He was personable, knowledgeable, and helpful.  Also, they were very generous with water refills, which was much appreciate on a hot June evening.
My only complaint for the evening is that service was a little slow.  As I mentioned, our server was excellent, but he seemed overextended.Wow - Really really bad service - completely inattentive waitress and host - 10 minutes for drink order, another 5 minutes for menus to arrive, another 10 minutes for order; 10 minutes to get additional bread for the cheese plate. GRIM! Pricey drinks but not outrageous. Food didn't seem expensive, but $10 for a single scallop; $5 per tiny cheese on a chacuterie plate, and a lot of money for a very petite beet salad. Flavors were good, but given tiny portions, taste didn't last that long. Crowd is quite pretentious/ridiculous for Philly, which I guess is good - cause the crowd can keep coming here as we'll never be back. Really - the service was that attrocious - I'd say among the worst I've experienced in Philly, and certainly the worst service per price. With all the great places we have about town, this ain't the place to be.Snackbar is a small space on just off the SW corner of Rittenhouse Square that makes every effort to be vibrant and hip.  The ultra-contemporary decor, down to the minimalistic fireplace on the wall and the menu written on a huge mirror definitely achieves that goal on the appearance front.  There is substance to the good looks too: the menu is filled with inventive dishes; none is boring.  I highly recommend, but note the "small dishes" really are quite small.Snack Bar is a place I've been wanting to check out since it first opened, however I never had the opportunity until recent. We were able to get sitting in the out cove of the restaurant (when you go, I advise you to make reservations-we lucked out!) and our server was quick to get us started with drinks and always keeping an eye on how our table as doing.Our friend ordered the calamari-it was delicious! I had the special for the evening which was a tuna dish, while my partner had the chicken breast and our guest had the hamburger with the egg on it. I must say all of our meals where so tasty-the portions weren't small (however I also tend to not like big plates of food, so the portions were perfect for me) and the dessert (I had the chocolate mousse with my partner, our guest had the cheesecake) was exactly what we needed to cap off the night. The meals did not leave any of us feeling "too" full and the mood of the night was perfect. Great conversation, great food, great service-I feel like it can't get much better than this.
Pros:
-quick service
-friendly staff
-delicious food and perfect portions
-key location for tourists or out of town guests who'd like to see Rittenhouse area.
Cons:
-small restaurant (note: I like this about the place, but I could see how people might not like that all) 
-portions may be too small for some, depends on if you're need that feeling of being "stuffed" which I prefer to avoid
-street parking is cheapest, but I'm sure there is an expensive garage in the area (expensive...geez, the parking garages here are definitely not as bad as NYC! ha)
Overall, I'm giving the restaurant 4 stars. If it were BYOB it'd be 5, but I like that there's a menu that's not overwhelming, you can still hear your guests over the crowded room and you'll leave with a smile.Maybe I'm biased because this place is right next to my building, but I really liked Snackbar despite some reservations after reading previous reviews.  The cozy feel, fireplace, and yummy dishes all made for a nice night.  From the reviews, I expected tiny portions but the  lamb shank (under large plates) was a hearty size.  The brussel sprouts with walnut was quite tasty and a decent tapas size, and I really liked the french fries and marinated olive sides as well.  Wine list was fair and I had a good Riesling and Bordeaux for $7-$8 per glass.  Final bill came out to $40 per person which is completely  reasonable.  Service was very attentive, although I could see how they could be perceived as snooty and uh...somewhat eclectic.  I'll definitely go back...Last night after work, a friend and I headed over to Snackbar to check out their happy hour specials that I'd seen in a writeup. 
The Bellini ($5) with fresh peach juice were quite nice and refreshing. For a snack we shared the margherita pizza ($7) that was marked down from $14. The pizza was thin and crispy, but with the occasional over-salted bite; during my last visit, however, I experienced a serious amount of over-salted food. 
Nonetheless, Snackbar was a great place to spend happy hour, sitting outside while enjoying a nice, summer cocktail.  The service was also great, despite our small check.  They made sure our water glasses remained refilled as well as our cocktail glasses.A block off the square
An upscale tapas menu
Warm, lounge atmosphere
Snack Bar is a happening corner spot, tables packed together both inside and out. The deep red walls and fireplace give the place an amazingly warm feel, and the mirror (with the menu written on it) appears to give the room a bit more size. It's been years since I was here, and they've moved from the short tables of their initial opening to a classier, more accessible smattering of regular height seating.
Came here to grab a beer and some tapas, and the menu certainly didn't disappoint. After 3 offerings, I left full and more importantly, fulfilled.
The first course was the Potato Pierogies with Caviar and a Chive Crème Fraîche. They were excellent, pan fried and crispy but not burnt on the outside, soft and chewy just under the crust. The sauce wasn't my favorite, just a touch too watery for my liking. The chives were not overpowering, but I would have liked a little more body.
Second up was the Chicken Cordon Bleu. It was quite tasty, but much smaller than anticipated. I'm not a huge fan of breading when ordering off a good menu, because it's almost too easy. The chicken was good, but it didn't quite have that hearty, filling feeling one expects from this sort of dish. I might have liked a little more cheese, too.
Last, and definitely the winner, was the Pork Belly Confit with Brussel Sprouts and a Dijon sauce. The pork belly was amazing, almost like eating a salted hard candy. The pork inside was incredibly soft,n but not stringy or mushy. Melting in your mouth doesn't quite do it justice. If you're trying to eat healthy, steer clear, but if you appreciate a multitude of textures and flavors in your dish, dig right in.
Overall, Snack Bar is worth the money. You might have a difficult time getting a seat, but the bar is always a good option.Good service, good drinks, decent atmosphere.  The food seemed to be over glorified on the menu and wasn't nearly as good as it sounded.  It wasn't bad, just not worth it.   Great place to stop in for drinks though.Met a friend for a drink here last night. The best part about it was sitting on the sidewalk people-watching while we caught up. I think this place is coasting on its location, or maybe its reputation. I expected to see some interesting drink specials, and there were none, just full bar and it was up to me to come up with something. My margarita was good but not fabulous. We only had a few plates of apps to share -- the brussels sprouts were awesome, the steak tartare disappointing (it was drowned in some sort of sauce that tasted way too much like ketchup). The service was good -- fun and attentive without being annoying. Not sure I'd go again though with so many other choices for good people-watching hopefully paired with better food.Went here last night for a light dinner with a friend.  The ambiance was cozy, helped along by the fire.  It was pretty relaxed, with a nice vibe.  We both had a glass of the house red, which was very good and a nice price.  we shared the beets with honeyed goat cheese, which was totally fabulous.  the beets were sweet and perfectly cooked, and everything a beet should be and the saltiness of the goat cheese set them off perfectly.  I had the deconstructed pot pie special, which was sort of like a hand pie with the gravy on the side.  With the gravy it was great, but there wasn't quite enough to keep a few bites from being dry.  my friend had the red snapper, and my bite was good.  I've never had snapper before so I can't compare, but she really enjoyed it.  We finished with a huge slice of triple chocolate cake that was super rich and decadent.  
I'd go back for wine and bar food, and when the menu changes.Pleasant, knowledgable staff.  A decent selection of charcuterie and cheese combos. Wide selection of reasonable wines by glass and bottle.  Pair all this with outdoor/indoor seating and a great view of passersby all sum up a very consistent and pleasing destination. Also a great jump off bar/lounge.I went to Snackbar the other night with my family, my Mom really wanted to try the pirogies that Philly Mag raved about last year. 
First off, the door/front of restaurant lists nothing about hours of operation so one of us went in to ask if and when they would be open. One of the staff members looked at him and said bluntly "5 o'clock". I guess she was testy since they must get that question all the time, but what do you expect when you don't post it outside.   
Second, once we were seated we realized that the pirogies are no longer on the menu, bummer! My Mom was pretty disappointed but we decided to stay and have drinks and some small plates anyway. The calamari was really bad; mostly breading and really salty. The boneless wings had way too much sauce and the chicken wasn't really tender. The Roaring 40's blue cheese plate was out of balance; a big chunk of cheese, heavy smearing of fig jam, lots of fig coins and three or four crostini. Exactly how high to you want me to pile those little pieces of bread???? It's a small plate with a strong blue cheese, I would have been happy with completely finishing 1oz. of each ingredient vs. having the kitchen throw away the extra.  
Third, Guys; you're not Le Bec Fin stop trying to act like it. The staff here is pretty pretentious and one of our servers was just simply not very bright... She kept trying to make our dining experience more ostentatious by over exaggerating everything she did or doing this strange knee bend when she reached for the pitcher of Schuylkill Punch to refill our waters. My favorite was when she brought my Dad a beer and made this big show of opening the bottle at the table and then said, "sir, may I offer you a glass for your beverage?" Even after saying this and seeing my Dad's perplexed face she had no idea that she had brought out a glass with the beer in the first place.
This was definitely not the worst dining experience I've had in Philly, but I don't think I'll be back. I'd like to say it's worth it to stop in for a cocktail but the beer list is pretty slim and my cocktail was served in this tall glass; mostly ice and soda with very little bourbon to speak of.Snackbar is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia.  The food has always been excellent and outside of one server, the staff has always been very friendly.  The ambiance if absolute perfection (for my taste) to just chill out and have a good time without feeling rushed in the slightest.
I come here for dinner or just a couple bottles of wine on a fairly regular basis.  While the drinks are not inexpensive, they have excellent pours and all (but 1) of their wines I have tried have been good.  Avoid the Viognier...
The tuna tartare, the NY Strip and the burger are all excellent.
If you find the place expensive, then don't go.  I would tend to disagree though.  A NY strip entree for $22 or a burger and fries for $13 is far from outrageous.  Especially when they are so delicious.This place had such potential but the service ruined it.  
First off if it is hot outside and their fireplace was running it was about 100 degrees inside.  It took forever to get a waiter and he did not even come until we had already ordered from the bartender (who then got a hold of the waiter).  Later on in the night we wanted to try another bottle of wine (we had gotten a bottle of  Albarino) but our waiter was no where to be found.  I usually am pretty patient on a weekend night but this was ridiculous.  I had to order bottle of wine from the bartender.   Conveniently our waiter finally came back from smoozing with a customer.  I told him I order a different bottle of wine from the bartender.  So what did he do.... gave us another bottle of Albarino.  He never even showed anyone the bottle he was pouring until the second glass was poured.   I explained to him this is not what I order and he told me I asked for another bottle (clearly his head was in the clouds because I told him I order something else from the bartender).  Then he proceeded to argue with me that there was nothing he could do because he already poured the wine.  It was his mistake a) he didn't check with the bartender and who doesn't show you the bottle before they pour it.  I talked to the bartender and he was much more reasonable he comped us with a glass of  the other wine we wanted. He did say since the waiter poured the entire bottle there was nothing he could do.   It was seriously disappointing. experience and I will not go back.I don't know if it fair for me to comment on this place, because i think we just had a few glasses of wine and no food, right? Well, it was kinda charming, very cramped and crowded, which is good. Busy is good.I've been to Snackbar a couple times for HH - and the drinks do not disappoint!  They recently changed their drink menu, now offering a small selection of cocktails (about 4) in print.
This tiny restaurant is great in all weather - equipped with a modern fireplace for the winter and large operable windows perfect for catching a cool breeze in the summer.  Snackbar's "hotflash" ($7) has kept me toasty during this exceptionally snowy winter.  The chili infused vodka packs some serious heat and is not for the faint of heart!Again, this place being closed is...."Woohoo! As good as it gets!" lolJust an FYI, when I call for a reservation, I don't want to know that your menu choices have changed, and I don't want to be automatically put on hold and kept on queue for any amount of time. I want to immediately hear a cheery human voice and I want them to tell me if they can accommodate my request so that if they cant, I can immediately call one of the more than 11,000 other restaurants in Philly or one of the 23,000 in NYC. I'm still waiting for a call back from SnackBar, two calls, and Rae not that I haven't made other plans. I really am puzzled by this hubris! A restaurant is not an insurance company, a bank, a hospital or any other institution from which I must suffer arrogance. It's a restaurant, regardless of the regard you or anyone else has for your food!  So, for the newcomers to this most competitive business, get a grip. Your job, if you are to max out your chances for success is to make it easy on us, not difficult.  Make us want to come to your place and not just for the food, don't ever give us the opportunity to go elsewhere!
Call one of Danny Meyer's or Mario Batali's restaurants in Manhattan. No machine, a real cheery voice. Can't think of two more successful restaurateurs, there might be a connection.grabbed a spiked coffee here one chilly night. it was spot-on. dug the fireplace. there was popcorn on the table that tasted like feet. straight up, feet! never considered this place for dinner, perhaps i will soon.Snackbar is a fun place.  It has gone through some changes.
When it first opened they had great cocktails and that menu is now gone.  The dinner menu has always been creative and offered many options.  Recently the portions got much smaller, but the service and atmosphere have improved. 
Another great place to go if you're looking for a nice, but not overdone, dinner before going out in Center City.Snackbar hasn't changed markedly from its previous incarnations. Dim lighting and a dining room the size of a Spanish breadbox make this place appropriate for an quiet gathering before a wild night out. Drinks aren't cheap - it's Rittenhouse Square - but potent enough to hit you without a major fight.
Service knows their stuff.
Try the Tunisian meatballs ($10). Apparently their recipe is homemade. Either way, they're served up with a baked egg and a blend of Middle Eastern herbs. (My friends weren't fans, so your mileage may vary.) The mussels provencal ($12) were decent, cooked in a roasted tomato and fennel bisque. I appreciated them as much as I did our cheese plate ($15), which had an assortment of cheeses like manchego, cana de Oveja, delice de Bourgogne, and Roaring Forties.
I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but don't be surprised if you see me there during happy hour.I wish I could give this place zero stars, it barely deserves one.
Incredibly rude/incompetent service.
After standing inside the door for 2-3 mins I was eventually approached by a staff member to whom I asked if there was a table available. In reply I got a brusque "No". After further prompting she volunteered that one might open up in 15 mins and that I could wait at the bar.
The only plus I can offer for this place is that it does have a small but interesting beer selection.
While drinking my beer at the bar two further parties of two, neither of whom had reservations arrived and were seated immediately. The second of these was 45 mins after I had arrived. At this point I asked for the check for my drink as I no longer wanted to spend my money where I was being ignored.
To add insult to injury my beer was charged at $1 more than the menu price;  small mistake but given the entire experience summed this place up for me.
AvoidSnackbar is a small and intimate kind of place, one that's best for when there's just a couple of people in your group. And that's part of the nicety. Because it's so small, every time I've been there it's never been too crowded, and thus the service is good.
Their food and drinks are great. At my last visit I had a turkey sandwich and fries. The sandwich was like eating Thanksgiving all over again on delicious artisan bread, and it was very filling. The appetizers are always good too, from what I can remember I think the calamari is my fav.
I've never been let down by Snackbar, so I'm keeping it on my regular rotation.This is a super cozy and fun place to grab a pre-dinner drink. (Food looked delicious, but I had other places to Yelp, you know?) There is a fireplace on one side of the red room -- great ambiance for a cold winter night. Service was excellent -- I recommend Ryan... Almost passed him a napkin with my number on it.This is a very chill place with a great location, good atmosphere, strong drinks, and a friendly bar staff.
It also seems to attract a regular crowd, which is, for me, a good sign.
I've only been here a couple times, but it's been extremely pleasant each time. I could actually see myself bringing a date here, which is odd, because I'm usually pickier about my date restaurants than I am about my dates. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why women despise me and my ilk. Ha!
I can't really comment on the food because I only drink here. But like I said, the drinks are strong and the bar staff is friendly.
Pro-tip: Bring yo friends. This is a really cool place to hang out and have a few before moving on to something more ridiculous.So I used to be a HUGE fan of SnackBar.  Like the kind of fan that would go there often.  The kind of fan that would have rated SnackBar at 5 stars easily. However, over the years SnackBar has changed drastically.   For the WORSE.  
Originally, SnackBar was a bar that changed their drink and food menu based on the season.  Which was neat.  And their drinks were intelligent, and delicious, and interesting combos of liquors and mixers. However, over time, they have become VERY boring, traditional, and predictable.  Additionally, a tad overpriced. 
The ambiance is cool, and it's a neat street to sit out on and enjoy a drink and watch the crowd.  However, with Franklin, Tria, and a number of other bars within a 5 - 10 minute walk, I wouldn't seek out SnackBar any longer. 
Additionally, their service has gone down hill.  Lately, I've been made to wait FOREVER for a drink, a glass of water, or even a MENU! 
Not worth my time.i traipsed here on a random monday night.
it's much smaller of a place than i expected it to be, but modern and clean and rather comfortable.
the food and drinks were way too expensive (and small), but quite tasty.  the mac and cheese is spicy-good, and the crab cake with pretzel salad is to die for (it better be for $24!).  there is no cocktail menu, but there are specials to be had.   
if you're in a rush, this is not the place to go, as the service can be on the slow side...most people seem like regulars and don't mind--which further slows things down, as they all seem to stop and chat...and chat...and chat.  
so yes, expensive food and drinks and chatty servers.  if that's what you're looking for, this is the place to be.I had trouble deciding how many stars to give this place.  On the one hand, I really liked the atomsphere - warm, cozy, nice lighting, love the fireplace.  The drinks were also good - I had a specialty cocktail that my waiter recommended and it was delicious, unique, and strong enough to justify the $10 price tag (assuming such a thing can ever really be justified).  On the other hand, the corn dog that my friend and I shared as a "snack" was truly terrible, and come on, how can you screw up a corn dog?  The other menu items looked intriguing, and I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and say that the corn dog may have been a fluke.  Anyway, I'd say it's a nice place to grab a cocktail or a glass of wine, but I'd probably eat elsewhere next time.Ha! Found this place when desperately waiting for a free table at Audrey Claire and this took an hour to clear up. So, you may forgive me that I am only abusing this lovely little place as an extended bar for another restaurant, but you might also take it as a hint what you can do when you are wandering around and freezing in the cold while anticipating dinner somewhere else. Winter is here and you will definitely enjoy the cozy fireplace, a decent drink or the one or the other snack at the bar... Tip: Difficult in this small place, but try not to sit too close to the door. Chilly breeze alert...