This happened to be one of the best pizzas that I've had in a really long time, that was outside of New York City. I love the neighborhood and to find a location that also has gluten-free pizza which was important to one of my friends, it really helped nail the decision to come. I love that for $7.99 you can get a pizza that will fill you up because you could have as many toppings as you want. You're not limited in the number of proteins or veggies or extra is just whatever you want. Yes I even got edamame on my pizza so you have to try it!Can't say Snap has lived up to it's hype for me. It just seems like a "hip" place without any real substance. The first time I went, the ordering process seemed disjointed and chaotic. Why does it take 4 people to process your order? I got the SoCal salad. Nothing to write home about and I got a few chewy pieces of chicken in there. Bleh. Their pizza did look good, so I went back the other day to give it a try. It was less busy then, unlike last time which was a plus, and made the order process go a little smoother. I was in the mood for some kind of veggie/ricotta pizza so I ordered the Farmer's Market pizza. I was extremely disappointed. I think it was something with the roasted garlic, I don't know if it was burnt or what, but it was all over and every bite had this awful, mouthy, gritty taste of it and combined with the lemon oil, that made it even worse. And I love roasted garlic. With the exception of the ricotta, the rest of the ingredients were pretty bland and forgettable. Considering all the fantastic food downtown, I'm not sure I would go back here, let alone recommend it.Can't get enough of this place- LOVE the pizza here. And they have gluten-free pizza, so that's a huge plus for people with celiac. The staff also change their gloves when handling gluten-free dough, so while it's not a complete gluten-free kitchen, they do try to minimize contamination. I can't decide which one is my favorite pizza, but I will say The Good Egg is one of my favorites. The crust is so crisp. One pizza will fill you up for lunch. Haven't had salad here, but I come here for pizza. By the way, the pizza is great quality for the price you pay. 
Yes, it does get busy for lunch, but the line does move and the pizza is so worth the wait. I think the most I've waited was about 15 minutes. Once you order, it'll only take about 2-5 minutes to get your pizza.Stopped by Snap on Samson late night after a work function.  The workers are so sweet and welcoming.  The pizza was light and amazing. The salads are delish.  The gourmet sodas are even good.  Love it!Definitely did not did not disappoint. This is now the 3rd location I've been to. Food food and more food. Came in the other night. Loved the lights and look. Great gentrification move from the last restaurant here. The Diavolo pie, SPICY but excellent. Compliments!!!! Customer service was great, very attentive to my wife and her needs as she has this new GF thing going on. Definitely will be back.TLDR: go here if you like customizing your food and want something relatively light and cheap 
Tips: On Wednesdays you can receive a complimentary glass of wine with your order. 
The best part of this place is the ability to customize your pizza with lots of fancy ingredients (think balsamic vinegar, pineapple, arugula). They also have pre-selected options for pizzas and salads, if you don't want to think too hard about your order. 
A custom pizza will set you back around $9-11, and portions are okay. You'll leave feeling full but not stuffed, and most likely with no leftovers.Very good pizza place for a great price. They serve personal size pizzas that just hit the spot. You walk down the line and choose your REAL AND NOT FROZEN toppings like
House-made mozzarella cheese
Fresh tomato sauce
Sweet Italian sausage
Fresh chicken
Fresh spicy broccoli
Non canned black olives 
And then pay for it
A nice little plus too, is instead of big brand soda companies at the fountain like Coke or Pepsi, they have a local "microbrew" soda provider that has no high fructose corn syrup and has natural juices as well.
All in all, just blown away and will be returning.Second time checking out Snap Pizza. I first went around the time they opened and were offering a discounted pizza deal. The line was a bit long but once I ordered I got the food fast. Today I wanted something quick for lunch and figured I would go to Snap and get a pizza. I love how their pizza, salad, and bowls can be customized to anything the customer likes. They have a great selection of toppings, gluten free option, and a variety of house made dressing. I wasn't in the mood to be difficult and just wanted to grab a quick bite. So I ordered their  Mexique (pronounced as Mexi-Q) signature pizza. It consisted of "all natural chicken, BBQ sauce, carmelized red onions, poblano peppers, mozzarella cheese and cilantro Lime Crema. The line was short & I went around 1pm so the whole ordering, paying, & getting my pizza took 10 minutes. The pizza was delicious, it's a personal size so it was definitely filling for me. The service was excellent too, the staff was very friendly and attentive.Came here first with a friend who showed me. It's so cool, you just order a pizza and you can pick out all your toppings from their selection. Tastes great too and not overpriced !Fantastic service prices and quality! There are endless combinations of pizza toppings at no extra charge!  If you love pizza, this is a place that will keep you coming back! Only downside is the limited seating.The service was quick and friendly. The food was good and reasonably priced and the sodas were too. 8.00 for your own pizza or a signature pizza. They also sell salads. I will definitely come back here.As someone who takes pizza very seriously, I can't say enough positive things about Snap. The staff is always friendly, the ingredients are always fresh, and they make it easy to customize your meal to build the superior pizza of your dreams. 10/10 would Snap again.Entered the building close to 6pm because my munchkins were craving pizza, we were greeted right away. We checked out the menu and placed our order; kids cheese pizza, Margherita pizza,and a specialty pizza called the Mexique. They make the pizza right in front of your face and you have the option to customize your own personal pizza. We watched our pizza go through their own and viola fresh pizza in less than 10min. After the first bite my son shouted "THIS PIZZA IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE". I mean he's a bit of a pizza snob ‍. This great compliment he offered earned him some free chocolate chip cookies which were very soft and delicious. I definitely agree with him it's a great place to get pizza, and will be back.Ordered the Good Egg:  mozzarella, provolone, sausage, spinach, and topped with a red chili oil.  It's amazing that you can get a quality pizza in a matter of minutes.  
I'd definitely get this again, but would request to remove the chili oil.  I'm the type of person that usually dabs away the grease off a pizzaI love this place. Eight bucks for an amazing custom pizza?! Free wine Wednesdays?! An array of pizza pastes, oils, toppings, and more?! Amazing. Meals can be customized without extra charge, and the suggested menu items are delicious as is as well. Staff are also quite friendly.Loved this place ..Just the right size ..great variety of veggie toppings. .sauces n protein n cheeses 
All very very fresh and bountiful .
Cooked just right n so fast like  3or 4 min ?,
Super clean shiny n new ..salads n grain bowls too 
A real bargain at $7.99 
Only gripe no fresh garlic offered ..however the topping  selection is endless so its forgivable 
wish they did a large for a few dollars extra 
Watch out neighboring pizza jawns y'all in trouble lolI give it three stars based on two separate experiences. I got the good egg pizza both times, first time it was awesome, I'd give it 5 stars! Went back a second and ordered the same thing, the toppings were put on haphazardly (chunks of sausage on the crust instead of the actual pie) and it was so greasy and oily I couldn't pick up a slice without the toppings falling off, super disappointed....maybe third time is the charm?This sounds crazy, but this is actually still one of my favorite places to get pizza! It's relatively fast and it's cheap! I like that they have so many options and combinations. I made the mistake the first time coming here getting a premade pizza from there menu, but I highly recommend just looking at the toppings menu and getting creative. You can also combine sauces which is awesome!. Like them on facebook and keep an eye out for their deals, because sometimes pizza is super cheap and there is free wine on Wednesdays.As a sufferer of the dreaded Celiac Disease, Philadelphia's pizza menus have left a lot to be desired. Snap has changed the game. I have been eating here for a year consistently, and never once have I had an issue of cross contamination. Out of the masses that serve Center City, the staff here is easily one of the best at working under pressure. Even in the middle of lunch rush, between standing in line with 20 other humans making custom pizzas and salads, and my pizza being made off line because of allergies; my food was to me within 15 minutes of walking in the door.
Not only is their option for my gluten free crust incredible and affordable, their entire ingredient list is off the charts. Farm to Table freshness is always something I've come to expect, and it wouldn't be snap custom without eating it from a charming wood cutting board in their charming wood and metal filled space. And since you can customize your pizza with an immense variety of these fresh ingredients daily, which is not something you get often in Center City makes them a rare gem indeed! Local Sodas without HFCS and other additives are in the fountain, and you can always stop by for a Wine Wednesday to eat in! I highly recommend them to anyone looking for good eats at a good price with gastro restrictions, or just in general!I know I seem nuts, but this pizza and my toppings and that manager and those flavours make this a main stop, every-time I visit Philly. 
It's so good- their gluten free crust is fantastic. 
Also tip your pizzaristas, they work so hard to listen to your every whim.I love this place, but one thing that grosses me out is that they use the same gloves to make my pizza after they just put all the meat ingredients on a pizza before mine. Bacon and sausage on their hands followed by a veggie pizza for a picky vegetarian.. I never say anything because I don't want to be this annoying weirdo lol but it sooo bothers meWe had a great experience!! Chuck is amazing and so thoughtful. Great fresh food and free wine on wednesdays!! Custom salads were on point. Absolutely come and try it!I came for the first time today. I ordered a custom made pizza. I had marinara, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, broccoli, roasted green peppers, spinach, mushrooms topped off with chili oil. It was one of the best pizzas I've ever had! I will be back!It's really good salads. I've been using willpower to avoid those delicious pizzas. 
I might break my diet and get one today though. I can't take it anymore. 
Idk why people are bothering putting raw spinach on pizza in those pics. They think it's ok to eat a whole pizza if spinach is one of the toppings?
Lol 
Spinach doesn't go on pizza. 
Fkn hipsters.Like the idea of custom pizza and salads.  I think they have to slow down taking orders until ur actually aable to see the options to put on ur food and jot have to shout ur order over ppl in the long line. Nice drinks as well.Part of the trend of adapting the Chipotle-style, build-your-own concept to pizza, with fine results. Just like there are certain musical instruments that are tuned so that no matter where your fingers land, a pleasing sound emerges, it seems all the ingredients are calculated so that whatever you throw on your pie harmonizes with everything else. In my case, I got a regular crust, topped with herbed cream, shredded mozzarella, pepperoni, (tiny, diced) meatballs, mushrooms, braised onions, with arugula and a drizzle of truffle oil on top, and it was delicious. The fun will start when I come back and experiment further.
Attentive, friendly staff as well.I went with two of my coworkers there for lunch today and was very impressed by the food and fun facts in this restaurant. First of all, a good quality DIY pizza for just 8 bucks, it's pretty fair. On top of that, the people work there are very generous and you can always ask for extra ingredients!! What's more important and also making me so happy is that the pizza is super well done and so fresh. Now I have to take my husband there who is a pizza fan! Another perk of eating here is the wait time is reasonable and they make pizza like in 5 mins. Very impressed!! The only reason I didn't give them a five star was they charge me extra 4 a cup of water which should be free. Other than that I'm a happy customer overall.My go to pizza place for a quick dinner. Snap is the chipotle version of pizza. It is fast casual and you can customize your pizza with any toppings and sauces. There are also salads there but pizzas are by far the best option. The space is a little small so during peak times like dinner or lunch it's hard to get a table and you are better off getting your food to go. The service is always great and really fast.Ate lunch here with a friend. Both got an individual pizza off the menu and it was delicious. I had the margarita and she had the Kennett Square. There was seating and prices were good. Would highly recommendGreat pizza! Free wine on Wednesdays! Kid friendly!! Soda is killer! I had the mexique and it was amazing. Kid pizza is 4.99 with milk or a fountain beverage! Deal!Really delicious, fresh pizza! I had never heard of this place but will definitely be coming back with friends and family in the future. You can custom create your own pizza or order one off their signature menu. Very affordable as well. One thing really put me off though... I placed my order (Bianco Verde) and went over to the register to pay. The female employee is ringing me up while the male employee makes my pizza. After she swipes my credit card, she flips the screen around to display a 'tip' screen in which I was to select a 15%, 20%, 25%, custom or no tip. I thought it was a bit awkward and inappropriate, and I've never had this happen at a counter-service establishment before. As an ex-waitress, I'm always very generous when tipping, but if management feels their employees should be making more money, they can increase their hourly wage. The extent of tipping at a counter-service food joint should be nothing more than a small jar next to the cash register. Putting customers in a position to choose a tip option in front of an employee (who will be handling the customer's food) in a traditionally non-tipping business practice (counter service) is awkward and unnecessary. If this was a local establishment, it might even dissuade me from coming in often - I go to one local pizza place 2-4 times each week; if each time I had to select 'No Tip' in front of the employees whom I've become very familiar with, I would find a new place to order from.This place is amazing. The staff is so kind and fun and friendly, the toppings are fresh and tasty, and you get to eat your delicious pizza on a beautiful wooden tray! I ordered the farmers market pizza and added extra sauce, olives, corn, and sweet potatoes. It was spectacular. 
$8 for your favorite pizza. Do it. So good.Philadelphia is not known for pizza but for once I was superbly pleased with the service the pizza and being able to for was having a decent pizza and I didn't have to go to New York City for itThis is hands down one of my favorite pizza places in Center City. I was always a loyal patron to Pietro's but after ordering a custom pizza here I'm genuinely hooked.
I order marinara, shredded mozzarella, pepperoni, mushrooms, and fresh peppers then top it off with basil and chili oil. It is truly divine.
Other pizza shops in the area include Slice and &Pizza but they will disappoint you.The food is always delicious but the process of ordering is horrendous. The place is small and gets super crowded/loud during rush hour which makes it super difficult for them to hear your order especially over that tall glass. They always have plenty of people working there but even still, it's not pleasant unless I go right when they open or take a late lunch.I love this concept, having been to blaze pizza in Chicago and pieology in Berkeley. Finally there's one in Philadelphia and it is quite good. Their crust still needs some refining (as of when I tried it), but it's cheap and fresh and good!Snap pizza is special in that you get unlimited toppings. But if you put too much, it becomes an extremely soggy pizza. If you don't put enough, it tastes kind of like a cheap store bought pizza. I know it sounds counterintuitive because the salad is actually more expensive, but I would stick with that. You get to taste the freshness of the ingredients and can enjoy a lot more of the toppings they offer.Snap Pizza is without a doubt my favorite pizza place in Center City. Not only does their pizza look good and taste good, but it's also good for you & good for the environment! Plus, the employees are always friendly and courteous. I always get the same custom pizza that I've honed and perfected over the years, and I always find it incredible that no matter how busy it is, they always get my order completely correct. 
More importantly, I have a number of food restrictions that I have to be very careful about. The most comforting part of Snap Pizza and one of the big reasons I'll keep coming back is how meticulous the employees are when it comes to food restrictions. I've talked to one of their supervisors/the assistant manager: Joshua, and one of the other employees, Dria, about how important this is for many people. If you watch carefully, they make sure to put on new gloves when they're switching between two different pizzas. They take extra care to keep the gluten-free pizza crust separate from the regular crust. Actions like that demonstrate that those of us with food allergies and restrictions are safe coming to a place like this.Great find in center city with great service and really tasty, high-quality food. I had the salami and sausage pizza and especially liked the meat and sauce.Very friendly staff and loved that we could get freshly made pizzas served to us within ten minutes. We tried the Bianca Verde and the Kennet Square both of which were excellent. I wish they sold the cookies by the piece rather than only allowing you to purchase a bag of six.This review is for salads only. I have given this place 3 tries and every time I am less than satisfied. Today I went back to try the Med Salad which is supposed to include cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, chick peas and feta cheese. I asked to add edamame which they left out and there was no feta cheese. I also wanted the dressing on the side and instead received an extremely over-dressed salad. 
I basically thew the whole thing out. They do have really good rolls and the pizza looks good, but I won't be ordering a salad from there again.My new go to for pizza!   Took my 10 year old son who loaded up his own pie from their wide assortment of toppings, the girl behind the counter was great with him, giving him some good suggestions.  He loved it, said it was the best pizza ever!  I stole a slice from him and have to agree.  The crust was thin and crispy, browned perfectly.  I had a salad which I made custom and it too was really fresh and terrific.  Can't wait to go back!I have a confession to make:  I love this place so much that there have been some weeks when I've eaten here every day of the week for lunch -- as in, I have eaten one pizza per day just because it is so delicious, the flavors are clean, the ingredients are so fresh and amazingly affordable and prompt.  My favorite is the Kennett Square -- herb butter on delicate yet crispy crust, covered in mozzarella and mushroom THEN after coming out of the oven dusted with arugula, goat cheese and truffle oil.  I am drooling as I write this.  The staff is great, friendly and always keep the long line moving.  You can customize your own pizza and salad (which is also phenomenal) but my go-to is the Kennett Square! Thank you to SNAP kitchen for giving me something amazingly delicious for lunch every day.Simply put, this place will make your mouth - and wallet - love you!
The staff was great and the pizza was even better. An incredible array of fresh selections to customize your own pie. Any arrangement you want you can pretty much get it there. And those toppings are unlimited. All this for pretty much under $10. #Winning!
If you can't think of what you want they have several (7 or 8 if memory serves) predetermined pizza selections. From the awesome Sweet and Low to the spicey Diablo. Either way, you cannot go wrong.
The pie is a very good size. It will easily fill you up with possible left overs or could serve two without any problems.  
A word of warning however, at times it can get very busy and the space isn't very large so seating can be an issue. There is plenty of space to enjoy your pizza but again, seating can be an issue.
So, head on in to Snap, grab a pie and a seat and sit and enjoy! Your mouth and wallet will thank you!Really good food and lots of options. It's like Chipotle, but for pizza and its very quick. Our pizza took not more than 5 minutes.An example of a great concept, well-executed.  Go with some of the pre-suggested versions, because they are a thoughtful combination of ingredients that work well together.  If you try to "build your own" you may suffer from "too much choice," and end up putting all kinds of things together that may or may not be so compatible.  My wife does that every time, and ends up eating half of mine!Can't say enough good things about the workers, the concept, the ingredients, and the end result. 
Serious perfection.Build-your-own pizza made while you wait.  One of the best pizzas I've had in Philadelphia.  Fast, friendly service too.This is probably my favorite spot for pizza in the city. The experience is nice as you build your own pizza from foundation, sauce, cheese  to all the toppings. Chuck and Davis (Chuck D.), 2 employees at the place provides you great customer experience and even stayed a little over closing time until we finished eating.Awesome. I want to come back to Philly to eat here again. Forget the Steak and Cheese sandwiches. Forget room service at the Ritz Carlton. This place is the bomb dot com. Absolutely the best margharita pizza I have ever had. Wow. I cheated and added pepperoni slices to the order but hey, it added to it. Clean, friendly service and tons of options for toppings. Check it out!Good clean fast personal pizzas. Reasonable price. Responsive to gluten free restrictions. Chefs and cashiers friendly. Nice ingredients combos or build your own. Really enjoyed itGreat food (if there is anything left) but terrible service. Staff is rude and openly yell at each other. They don't tell you when they're out of certain ingredients in your order until you halfway down the line.Really wanted to love this place but the dough just doesn't cut it - a little card boardy.  I also went in the evening when it was very busy with all the students and they didn't seem to quite have it together.Great pizza all the ingredients are fresh the staff is is cool.
There isn't enough seating after a certain time and no to go boxes but the pizza is so good you don't need those things. 
It's gets crowed around club let out but they still move pretty quick I got two pizzas and was out on less then 10 minutes it's worth a tryI'm eating here now 3x/week--the pizza is so delicious and cheap! I hope I don't get fat! Extremely clean restaurant, very friendly staff and most importantly, high quality pizza. The toppings are included in the price and you can choose from vegetables, protein/meat and extra fixings like arugula and ricotta. This pizza tastes amazing and I also really like the natural sodas that they sell as well.
Best pizza ever and I'm originally from NY!I love this place! I literally came two days in a row! It is sooooooo good and fresh and the staff is so friendly and helpful and always nice whenever I come in. It is always clean as well and you get your pizza in about 5 minutes! I could eat this everyday!! I'll definitely be back again.Took a group of friends out for a pizza party, everyone new to this place loved it! Those who been here before, all knew what to order. 
Fantastic staff, great service, the people here are always helpful and very friendly. 
Even the most picky of eaters will find some enjoyment here. If you love pizza, you will love the menu and their creative options offered when selecting a custom pizza.Love! Service was exceptional. As for the pizza, the toppings were on point and the best part unlimited. We also ordered a salad with unlimited toppings and free refills. Definitely coming back.The staff is terrible. Food is good, if they happen to be paying attention enough to make it correctly, but it's too expensive for such lousy service.DELICIOUS. I'm in Philly for work and wanted to grab something semi-healthy for dinner to enjoy in my hotel room. Went for the Thai Crunch but did it as a bowl, so I got some good added protein from the quinoa and made it a bit more filling than a salad. So fast. So fresh. So satisfying. I'll try the pizza next time! Absolutely recommend and it was bustling on a Friday night, but my food was still ready very quickly! Big fan.Snap is a very unique pizza experience. For 8 bucks, you get a decent sized pizza freshly made with some great non-traditional toppings like pesto sauce and arugula. Service is a little slow, but is expected since they're making it right in front of you. Restaurant can get cramped at busy times as well since it's not too big.
I would recommend getting a different sauce for your pizza (i.e. Pesto), as I thought the normal pizza sauce was a little bland compared to others. Overall, great experience though.Great salad for the price! I ordered the "Craizin" salad and it was delicious. Added chicken and changed greens to arugula and spinach - still same price. Under $10. Will be back! Oh, and the staff were SUPER nice. Refreshing and really makes a diffedelicious pizza; good seasoning; great crust.   fun place to go.  had 5 year old with me and she loved her personal pizza.
did not have to wait.  probably would around noon lunch hour in center city.
definitely will return.
the doorman in my building said it was his favorite pizza place.......and he likes to eat!I went there today and tried 2 pizzas - one straight from the menu and one custom. It is a casual pizza place with the greatest collection of vegetarian options for toppings. Things that impressed me most are the choice of sauces - basil pesto being my fav, artichokes, Brussels sprouts, edamame, avocado, poblano peppers  and great quality mushrooms in the choice of toppings and of course the choice of dressing oils ranging from lemon, truffle to my fav chili oil. The quality, quantity and variety of cheeses are sure to make you happy - my suggestion - try the goat cheese :) I will try their egg pizza next time I am there.These custom pizza stops are becoming more and more popular, and have become my favorite stop for a good pie... Snap Custom is by far my favorite! I'm more of a traditional pizza type of guy, but they had everything under the sun, and actually almost tried one of their signature pizzas. The tomato sauce is so good, tons of fresh toppings, and noticed they offered wine as well. Staff is super cool.  Not a lot of seating if you happen to stop by at a busy time, but if I lived here, I would definitely make this a frequent stop.  Would love to see one of these pop up in CO!This is pretty good!! the 1500 block of sansom has so many cool restaurants and this is a nice place! the pizza was pretty good, i got the margherita. it was very oily though, i think they threw a ton of olive oil on it. but it wasn't a greasy pizza as you can see in everyones photos. i'll be back hoes!!!This is my first time visiting this place and I ordered a custom pizza and it was delicious!!!
Why I gave it 3 stars?! 
The employees were not paying attention to the hygiene part! The person who made my pizza was wearing gloves but!! touching everything with it! open the doors, carry stuff, handling money! it was really annoying and that wasn't the horrible part yet! its the person who handle the dough!!!!! oh god she was bare hands and do everything from cashier, to finish up the last touch for the pizza to touch her hat, keep going inside and come back touching the door and just play with dough and chitchat. I noticed all that when im almost done with my pizza after I put my phone down and start looking around!! Its sad because the pizza was good is just I cant go back again.Great gluten free pizza! Staff was knowledgable of gluten containing ingredients and took precautions to prepare my pizza separately. My only fault of the place was that there was a pit in my kalamata olive that I bit into.UNLIMITED pizza toppings for only ~$9?!? Amazing. The pizzas are personal sized. A lot of people take their lunch breaks here with colleagues. It's fun to get 2 pizzas and share. The truffle oil, lamb meatballs, and sweet Italian sausage are all particularly delicious. Each pizza takes only about 3 minutes to cook, but the line is long during the lunch hour. But well worth the wait!I love this place. I come here probably once a month, if not more. Their salads are absolutely amazing and blow everywhere else out of the water (here's looking at you saladworks). And those delicious little rolls? Heaven. 
I have only one complaint. And it's a minor one, at least as it pertains to me. I have a few mild to moderate food allergies, nothing life threatening thankfully. The worst and most sensitive of which is onion. It won't kill me, but it really ruins my day. I always make sure to order my salad without onions, and I have never received onions in my salad thankfully. But here is the problem. The workers here use their gloved hands to add toppings to salads and pizzas, as opposed to tongs or scoops. I get that it is easier this way. But on many occasions I could taste the cross-contamination in my salad. Its actually shocking how strongly my salad tastes like raw onion sometimes. Thankfully, I can take a benadryl and be fine, but not everyone can. Might I suggest using tongs for the toppings in the future? Like I said, as it pertains to me, not the biggest deal, but definitely a disappointment that prevents a 5 start review.The best gluten free pizza i have had in Philadelphia and you cannot beat the price. Most gluten free pizzas cost $15+. I come here at least once a week for their pizza because it's that amazing. Even during the lunch rush, i am able to get my pizza within 20 minutes. Definitely recommend trying!I ordered the Farmer's Market pizza, and it looked amazing. Unfortunately it was drenched in the lemon oil that's listed as one of the ingredients, so much so that it was difficult to eat. Not sure I would come back after this experience, though in theory the place is amazing.I am STILL dreaming about the pizza at Snap Custom Pizza. I found the restaurant thanks to Yelp reviews (thank you kind people!) as I was looking for gluten free options in Philadelphia. This is a build-you-own pizza place, like subway. The staff were very quick to make pizzas you can only dream about. I got the small marg pizza, which fed two of us till we were full. The pizza was perfectly crunchy, cheesey, and saucey. Can Pittsburgh PLEASE open up a Snap Custom Pizza?!?!When pizza gives you life!
We went to the location right off Sansom in the heart of the city. It was a Sunday, so we found parking a few blocks away. It is a crowded area of town, so plan accordingly. 
Inside, it's a shotgun type layout with art deco aesthetics. From the door looking in, there's a wall on one side with some decor and bench type seating (facing the wall), in the middle there is seating of long tables so many different parties can share the space, and the kitchen/prep line on the other end. It's a good use of space to allow for many to dine in. 
There are two ways to order - either choosing from the menu of different signature pizzas available, or making your own up with as many toppings as you want! The best part is that they have so many choices of toppings, the options and combinations are endless! Lots of veggie friendly selections to choose from :)!
We opted to go with the signature pizzas and then modify them to our liking. We ordered two pies - the Margherita pizza with jalapenos on top and the Roasted Veggie Pesto and skipped the artichoke hearts. 
The place was relatively steady business wise, but that didn't mean we waited long for our order to be completed. We sat inside and had a chance to grab drinks while we waited for our number to be called. About 10 minutes later the pizza was ready and boy did they deliver! The crust was flavorful - right mixture of doughy, soft goodness and a little charred effects on edges. The toppings are fresh and you can definitely taste that they take pride in what they put on their dishes. The portions were perfect for our party of four and the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food and toppings that we ordered. 
In addition, we had our small dog with us and the staff was very gracious in allowing him to come in and sit with us while we dined in. They even offered him some water while we ate our pizza. 
A very pleasant experience - I look forward to many more visits!Great fresh topping for custom pizzas! Super friendly service  I'd definitely recommend and bring a friend.I recently visited this location today and was presently surprised it was not packed. 
I was greated by a gentleman by the name of Brian as he told me 
He was extremely polite , giving me that "chickfala "experience lol
This was my first time ordering pizza from here and needed help. His Customer service was on point 
There was also another gentleman there with a small afro,  he was really nice as well the young lady that was rolling the cookies with her bare hands Didnot speak but looked happy to be at work which gave me q good feeling about this place. 
The pizza was good I must say 
Pricey but good 
The place was clean and the employees nails were not dirtyI probably come to Snap once a week. I get the Kraisin Salad and add chicken to it. I love this place, the ingredients are so fresh! The pizza is delicious too. Honestly, there is something about personal pizza's made to order, fresh in front of your eyes, that I love. 
I always take my food to go, It gets packed in there. I'm not one for small crowded places.
I think they have some kinks to work out. I always see new people working who don't know the menu well and my salad has been messed up a couple of times.  Way too many cooks in the kitchen. 
Otherwise, I'll be back!A great quick bite and always tasty! Highly affordable and definitely one pizza a person! You can share if you aren't that hungry, but come hungry and eat an entire one!
HIGHLY recommend the Farmers Market pizza and Mexique!
Also, if you're building your own personal pizza, always add pesto!!! It makes everything better (:Pretty yummy custom pizza, made to order.  Friendly staff, nice space.  Clean and organized.  One of the better places in CC for an elevated pizza beyond the typical slice.  Looking forward to going back soon.I am going to keep this short and sweet. Snap is amazing!!! What a great deal for f**king great pizza!!!