One of the lamb skewers my friend got was under cooked... the lamb skewer I got was a little overcooked.  The squid wasn't bad, and the corn was okay. 
You definitely get more food for your money than yakitori boys. But Yakitori Boys skewers is so much better, and if you go to yakitori boys on tuesdays its 1$ skewers. 
Solo is really small, maybe room for 12 people max.  It took us pretty long to receive a total of 5 skewers, maybe 30 minutes.. there weren't that many people there either. For such a small place I would expect fast service for food.  They should prob cooked the meat first before putting it on the grill, it would speed up the process.Picked up some kabobs for lunch yesterday.  I ordered the beef, chicken, shrimp and corn for 4 of us.  The portion size was small compared to street kabobs, but the food was good.  The only complaint is the shrimp is grilled with the skin.  We'll be back for a quick lunch.Great spot for fresh authentic hardwood grilled skewers. There should be a line to get in and take-out should be Busy.
However, The young woman taking care of the shop today was absolutely miserable. I felt like apologizing that we had bothered her by ordering food and giving her money. This shit attitude may work IN CHINA, but there will be another empty space here in 6 months.Don't expect anything amazing but for the price I guess you can't really go wrong.  I stopped by for a snack and got the beef, lamb, heart, gizzard, and tofu.  I think the lamb was decent, the beef was somewhat lacking in flavor, and viscera never disappoints...  Also if you eat spicy you should probably ask for extra spice because I could barely taste anytspicyness.  
The inside is pretty cramped and uncomfortable but a good place to stop by a for a cheap snack.I love the idea of this place! I wish they had more skewer options like PORK BELLY! But I think it's fun and it's a good place for a quick snack.
The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was because I was there once and 2 guys started smoking inside and the staff didnt say anything and were ok with it! Definitely did not like that!The place is tiny and smoky.  Ordered lamb, beef, squid tentacle and chicken wings.  The skewers had so much cumin I couldn't even tell which was lamb and which was beef.  The wings were good.  They had a honey glaze on them.  This would be the only thing I would order again if I came back.  
They need better ventilation.  I left stinking like charcoal.VERY RACIST and RUDE.. I've never experienced anything like this in Chinatown before I came here! I could write a looooong post about my experience, but I'll just keep it short and sweet. TERRIBLE SERVICE, RUDE WORKER, and THEY'LL IGNORE YOU IF THEY WANT TO UNTIL YOU HOPEFULLY LEAVE!. 
I understand not wanting just anyone in your establishment but I'm a well educated, young professional.. NOT A DRUG DEALER OR SOMETHING! 
It's 2015...sad
I just left there a few hours ago but HAD to write thisSolo Skewer Bar is a great place for a meaty snack.  Very tasty and well seasoned. You will have to order a lot if you want to get full because they're not very filling. It's about a dollar or two per skewer. The chicken is very juicy. I prefer the lamb skewers over the beef. The fish balls were great too. The steamed bun (mantou) was really soft and lightly seasoned with cumin. They also have squid, corn on a cob, tofu puffs, and chicken heart/gizzard.
Don't expect great service. The guy working did not care to talk and was way too nonchalant. It's a really small, dark place with limited seating. We came here on a snowy Saturday and it was completely empty so we found seats easily at the "bar". Even though we were the only customers there, it took a while for the skewers to be cooked. 
If you're ever in Chinatown, I'd recommend stopping by and trying a few skewers. Definitely worth it!You wouldn't notice it passing by... I was curious because everything is on a stick and under $2!  
Food:  good food on a stick!
Atmosphere: small but good place to catch up with friends over kabobs
Cost: cheap under $2
Who runs it?  I saw 2 women working in it and they speak English
Recommend:  I got the lamb, fish ball and beef on a stick I like them all especially lamb and fishball they will ask if you want spicy (it is spicy) so make sure you have something to drink or order some spicy and some kabobs non-spicyThis place use to taste better but now it's just okay. The meat is dryer and the they kind of rip you off with the squid tentacles. I paid $1 for 2 tiny tentacles. What!? 
Kabobs are good. Service is horrible and It has always been like that so I was not surprised at all because I've been here plenty of times. I just come here for the kabobs and pay no mind to the employees. 
This place does not have the best kabobs in town but I go here because I like the spice that they use which I havent found a place in philly that tastes the same. 
3 stars for the kabobs and 1 star for service.If you're in Chinatown and need just a quick snack, Solo is a good place to keep in mind.  This is a Chinese Kabob establishment.  It doesn't look like much on the outside but inside it has def been updated with a wide counter and ambient lighting.  Everything is of course cooked to order and prices are only between one and two dollars per kabob.  I've tried the chicken, fish tofu, and soy puff kabobs.  All were okay but they would be even tastier if a sauce or two were available to add to them...especially the soy puffs!Haven't had a chance to try their skewers... But maybe I will in the future.. Made a quick run over there with some friends cuz another friend was visiting from NY... Had a quick beer, saw that they had karaoke, and that was about it... Yes, it is quite a small place.. But they are serving skewers.. So how long do you plan on being around in there for anyways? The small place doesn't bother me since most of Philly restaurants are small anyways...Maybe the #1 thing I miss about living in Beijing is the abundance of chuar (lamb skewers) that pop up at night.  Then Solo opened up and I now have a place to get my fix.  Perfect spot to swing by after a night karaoking at Yakitori Boy for a late night snack.  I love love love Xinjiang spice mix on anything, especially on grilled mantou (chinese steamed bread) with spicy sauce!  Seriously, don't go here and not get the mantou!Fiance and I love this place, despite the lack of smiles.  The one Chinese girl who works there can seriously compete with me for best bitch face, but she's friendly enough to us.  There is another guy who also seems super unhappy to be there, but we haven't seen him or the other girl the last few visits.  The one guy we have dealt with recently isn't too bad, but still no smile.
We usually get:
- Lamb
- Chicken
- Mini Hot Dogs (they're pretty much sausages)
- Fish Tofu
- Fish Ball
- Bun
- Corn
... almost everything.  Then we generously put extra hot pepper and cumin on top.  Voila.  $1-3 for each skewer.  Would best be consumed with some HK-style milk tea or HK-style lemon tea.  Certainly not healthy for you, but hey.Awful service! we've been here before a long time ago, and wanted come back for dinner, we walked in and there were no one there. 2 ladies working there and after sitting there for 5 mins we were ready to order and they said you guys cant drink too much here. We were confused and she rudely said you brought in a bottle of wine. So we asked if they could open the bottle for us they said no. We were shocked on how they treated us so we said we'll just leave then and the 2 ladies didn't care at all. Didn't even say anything they just turned away and continued their conversation.I went to Solo and Red King many many many times(I'm skewer's lover) Solo's employees has the most unwelcoming attitude, when I was there they did not talk to us at all not event say thank you when we leave. The red king does not use real skewers because they deep fried everything and just boiled veggies before putting on the skewer !!! Also service is terrible.The skewers here are very fresh and tasty. Things taste better when they are charcoal grilled. I've been here twice snd both times I had my food within 5 minutes.
Grab your drinks at the fridge.
There is a tip jar, you should still tip something even if you served yourself. 
You must try the lamb, beef, and chicken.
I hated the sky puffs since it was so dry. 
If you're a corn lover like me when definitely spend $2 on the corn on the cob. The butter it with seasoning and it's to die for!!!This place is not closed, they must have reopened. The kabobs are pretty good and butt cheap, ranging from $1-$1.50.I always venture into chinatown and discovered Solo Chinese Kabob around 5 months ago. I have been here 3 times and love the food, service. Great quick eats for a very fair and reasonable price. You can order the food how you like it light, medium, not spicy. Great deal $1-2.This is my favorite skewer joint.  I've been coming here at least once a month because I just can't get enough.  I honestly believe that their $1 skewers are better than Yaki's and their portions are just slightly larger as well.  I always have to get the fish tofu, fish balls, chicken gizzard, corn, and hot dogs.  Heads up it's cash only!The chicken wings are the best,I highly recommend the Fish TOFU.lamb skewers are also tasty....some of the skewers are not salty enough.Smokey - as in the owner or whoever and his patrons or friends.. were smoking inside this tiny place.
It's slow - as in we ordered 8 sticks which came about 45 mins later.
$1 a stick is a little bit steep imo. I'm not sure if I'll be back again. Definitely not if I'm alone. Too shady and hazy.The Good: Solo offers a cool concept -- a social skewer/snack bar with a neon-dive feel. Skewers are okay. Possibly even tasty if paired with a drink from Tea Do. Not bad for a snack when you're out for a night in Chinatown, especially If you like to mix and mingle with strangers.
The Bad: You're SOL if you like your personal space, because the whole place is the size of my parents' bathroom. There are no tables obviously so you'll have to stand if you bring a group. I hear they offer karaoke, but given the numerous better karaoke venues in the area, why bother?Solo is a pretty good little restaurant, particularly if you have a taste for spicy food.  The skewers are kind of small and inexpensive so its easy to go in and try a wide variety with getting too full or spending too much.  I don't really have a favorite skewer, they were all pretty good.  Their take on the hot dog is interesting and worth a try.  
Like some others said, the staff seems pretty uninterested in engaging the customers, but I don't need to make friends everywhere I go.
Bottom line, its a good place to get a quick lunch with a kick to it.One star, for the place's only benefit, the prices, the one $. 
I wanted something quick, cheap, and meat based (I don't eat bread so no sandwiches, wraps, pizza, etc.) this seemed like the perfect place, it was empty (no surprise after the fact) and I figured the kabobs should be quick (they were). Also the menu on the door was simple (I hate making decisions) and cheap!!! 
Ok, I got two chicken kabobs; they were ok. Not good not bad, just acceptable. Oh and when I asked for sauces, the girl gave me ketchup and hot sauce packets. The plate they were served on  was also not too appealing or convenient. Oh and the service was pretty bleh she was standing around eating her pho soup seemingly not very exited about the fact that i wanted food (this didnt really bother me though)
Now the shrimp skewers; they were not peeled!!! WTF! I couldn't even try to enjoy them and couldn't even finish my second one. What annoyance and inconvenience.  Silly silly place. The last one I tried was the squid, it was hard and basically like the chicken, just there.
Oh, and after all 5, which I thought was such a good deal for 5$ (even, no tax or anything). But I was still hungry, they dint even remotely fill me up. So what seemed like a good value and good idea for 5$ was not. I do not recommend this place, plenty of cheap and delicious places in chinatown to waste your time here.What happened to my fish tofu, the waitress literally just over cook one side and leave the other side. She was rude and angry the whole time I was there. Definitely not coming back unless they have a new server. HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE! service. 3 stars for the food, negative 5 stars for the service.Just plain bad. The quality and taste of the food, the service, there was nothing that I enjoyed about Solo. There was only one situation in which I envision I would come here and that was if I was drunk and in Chinatown with a group of friends. Even then, I think I'd rather go to any one of the handful of choices available to me late night where I could sit down comfortably. 
I walked by on a Friday afternoon and gave it a shot as business was slow so lines were short. I ordered five skewers and they didn't ask me at all about the spice levels or seasoning and just assumed I wanted it to-go without asking me when I actually wanted to dine in. The food was completely unimpressive and gave me no reason to overlook the lack of service and bad atmosphere.Great idea, poorly executed.
You basically sit at a bar counter while two dudes work on a charcoal grill in front of you serving you skewers topped with delicious Chinese cumin (ziran) and spicy pepper powder. Whereas solo achieves this with remarkable precision with one skewer (and one skewer only)--the chicken--the rest are extremely disappointing;
Mantou
Too hard, the sauce was sort of burnt off the bread itself so it had an unpleasant charred flavor.
Shrimp
I don't really mind eating the shrimp head and everything, but they give you very little meat with the shrimp itself. Not worth it.
Heart
Not chewy at all, seemed somewhat mushy and pre-frozen.
Tofu
Definitely frozen. The outside "shell" was overly crunchy and hard, while the inside wasn't soft and chewy like most places in China serve it. I could also hardly taste any flavoring with the tofu.
I also asked for my skewers to be extra spicy, but either they didn't comply or their extra spicy consists of adding more salt.
On top of all that, they don't sell beer. I'll be surprised if this business stays open for long.I used to come here all the time when I lived in Philly 2 years ago. I went back recently and it just wasn't the same. The wait was long for just 5 skewers, about 30 minutes. I wouldn't go back unless I'm drunk.A small hole in the wall, serving cheap tasty meat on a stick !!
For under $5, I got a skewer of Lamb, Beef and Chicken along with a can of soda. All with the "spicy" option, which is really not that hot but with a nice crust of cumin and mild chili powder.
The skewers reminded me of small street-side stalls over South and South East Asia selling grilled meats. Solo had lamb liver on the menu, but alas did not have any in stock.
Certainly worth a visit for a quick snack.A hidden gem in Chinatown. My go-to place for a quick (cheap) bite. Not only is there a variety of skewer options, you can customize it to your level of spicy seasoning.I'm not sure why this place is listed as closed because I just went there about 3 weeks ago before going to see a show at the Trocadero.  From the outside, it DOES appear to be closed just because of the way the door is designed, but they are open.  (Not many people inside made me wonder if others just walked on by thinking it was closed as well).  The kabobs are really cheap but horrible quality meat.  I got two beef kabobs and could barely make it through them because they were so fatty and gristly.  I almost choked on a piece because I couldn't even chew through it!!  Would not recomment to anyone.  Can't see how anyone could like this place.Very mediocre skewers..nothing to write home about and definitely not even close to the street vendor skewers in China.
I had the squid, chicken and tofu. The place is really small so we decided against dining in...but service was so slow, we ended up waiting 15 min for 3 skewers. Everything was very bland and under seasoned. 
Cheap but I probably will not be going backI just went to this place today and I can't believe I never knew this place existed before. The spicy squid is so freaking good. The beef and fishballs are alright but the squid is definitely one of the best there. The place has a stool type bar to watch them cook the skewers and also seats with tables.Sandwiched between QT & Yummy Yummy, I finally got the courage to check this place out. Being the only one in the joint(on a Sun Labor Day weekend afternoon) I was a bit skeptical. Kinda cool inside in a funky sorta way.
This hole in the wall serves 12 types of grilled meat & seafood on a stick, along w/ 4 vegetarian items. They were out of seaweed so I went w/ chicken & beef. They were good; not great. I preferred the chicken. You can get them w/ a nice spicy dry rub. Only took about 5 minutes to cook.
 The lone young Asian guy serving and cooking seemed aloof at best. He sat there in front of grill the whole time. When my stuff was ready he just handed me my two sticks. No plate or fancy wooden rack as pictured. Perhaps I didn't order enough? Napkins served as plates. This did not bother me however. Though it was kinda funny.
I would return to try some other items, like fish tofu? & squid. Definitely worth trying as a cool snack.For the price of 5 skewers or so I could get a soup or entree @ Ting Wong which would fill me up. What I'm trying to say is don't come here for a full meal.I have been here several times. The quality of food goes down each time I come. Once they even burn the food and sell it, and the service is always horrible.Solo Skewer Bar reminds me of the abundant BBQ Skewers carts that are located all around NYC, but this one has an indoor seating area. Prices are cheap per skewer and has a good variety of meats, from gizzards, hearts, chicken, lamb, beef, and more of those delicious juicy stuff. There's also a spice level you can put on your skewers, in addition to condiments that are on the table. However, the only thing I dislike is the service. When I went here with my friends last time, the lady was really rude. I don't know if it is a language barrier, but it seems like if she didn't care. She didn't speak to us, except taking our orders and letting us know when they were ready. 
Besides that, everything else is fine and tasty. 
If you're looking for a snack or quick bite, Solo should be in your listThis place has the worst service. The skewers are also under seasoned and small. I don't think they care to have any customers. First and last time eating at this place.$1 for chicken, tofu and $1.50 for beef, lamb skewers etc. The chicken is tender, not dry, and has a little bit of sweet almost teriyaki like sauce on it and the tofu is pleasantly chewy and not crusty/dry. The beef and lamb are moderately fatty in a succulent slightly crispy way. There are about 8 counter top stool seats and four little two top tables if you want to eat in, and they also serve out a window onto the sidewalk if you want to grab and go. Sandy mentions that it takes a while to get your food and you'll see the staff put the raw skewers onto the grill after you order- it's not just piles of precooked skewers sitting around waiting to be reheated. 
At the end of the bar there is a giant tv playing that hypnotic chinese karaoke with the totally cheerful yet cheesy videos that you can't help watching. 
There is a step on the way in and not much room to maneuver, so eating in for wheelchair users would be a  pain.Prices are fair for skewers.  My favorite is the fish tofu.  Service is okay.  The vodka bottle light fixtures hanging from the ceiling are pretty cool.Better bring some company cause you're going to need the conversation for the damn long wait. I've been to this place twice to satisfy my charcoal burnt flesh cravings and each time I've waited at least 30 minutes for a couple of skewers. 
Oh I know, next time I go, ill be smart and phone ahead! But oh wait, no phone
Solo would be wise to invest in a phone or an extra grill/bbq because that one foot of grilling space is not cutting it.This may be a little too high, but I think 3.5 is just about right.
I always see this little slither of a place when I am in Chinatown and I am always curious as well. I never really get skewers anywhere, besides when I am at home making them myself or with friends/family. Just always thought they were meat on a stick.
Solo offers --delicious-- meat on a stick. I just sampled the lamb and squid versions last night from the outside ordering window. The lamb was the better of the two, but maybe thats bias since I am on a lamb love spell lately. The lamb pieces were so tender and juicy and was glazed over with some type of sauce. Not quite sure what it was, but it tasted like it had some curry/cumin spices on it. The squid was treated the same and was just as good. Not bad for $1.50 and $1.00, respectively. 
I will probably return for a small snack when I am in the area. Didn't know they had hearts, gizzards, livers, and skins as a choice, but then again, I never bothered looking at a real menu or asking. Girlfriend said they were good, but not as good as New York's. Roadtrip anyone?I've been to this spot twice. I like mostly because it reminds me of home. I think I need to get the extra spicy because the medium just wasn't cutting it. This spot is a great place to get some food if you have the munchies.
If I lived in Chinatown I would most def spend a lot more money here. I do like the bar concept. There is much more room for people in this joint vs in some other skewer places in the city.Pretty good. I wa the only one eating there when I went so the place felt a little dead. I like the concept and the prices. My lunch totalled 5 bucks with a drink. 
I had beef chicken squid and fish ball skewers. The beef was a little tough but everything else was good. The hot spices they put on it pack a punch. Definitely worth a try but it's going to be tough to keep me away from qt sandwiches which is literally right next door.what can you do with $5? Put it in your piggy bank to save up for college or spend it on skewers? you said skewers? ok YES. The small shop has nothing more than just different types of foods on sticks. Pretty simple. Straight to the point. The place could look better and maybe a trash can wear customers are could be a good plus but I mean...?? for just a couple pieces of meat on a stick, I don't understand why it has to be over a dollar. For the quality of the meat, taste, and quantity you get, I think maybe they should've kept it around $1. It's still a great place to stop by for a quick bite though so yeah!The beef skewer here is really good and the sweet corn. Very low prices $1.50 for a beef skewer and $2.00 for corn. The only bad thing about this place is customer service is lacking and the women waitress I had was really rude to me and my group. When I asked her for the wifi password and additional napkins she gave me a nasty attitude. I have been coming to this place since 2012.Ever since my first time in Philly, I've enjoyed coming to this small place for their cheap and delicious kabobs. It's become a non-negotiable stop every time I stop by here.  At only a dollar or two for things like gizzard, squid, beef, or even lamb, this is a hard place to pass up!  I never get a meal's worth here, but this is one of the best places to snack for cheap.
Only reason I can't give it a perfect five stars is because it's a little on the small side and not everything here (the corn and bread come to mind) is done as well as I think it could be.  Definitely worth a stop if you're in the Chinatown area!To be honest, this is the worst experience for me in Chinatown. First of all, the food was terrible. We ordered lamb and chicken heart. For the lamb, it tastes like she only cooked one side and left the other side undercooked. I can even see the pinkness on the other side. So does the chicken heart. Obviously the waitress doesn't know how to cook Chinese barbecue. Second, most importantly, the waitress was extremely rude. When I ask for taking the order, she literally said aren't you seeing I am busy while she was wrapping other people 's order. Usually I don't much care about the customer service in Chinatown as long as their food is good. But when it comes to this restaurant, it blows my mind because not only the terrible food, but also the waitress made me think I owed her money or something. To wrap it up, I am not coming back to this place again.this place is definitely still OPEN.. and delicious! all their kabobs are so cheap & really good. takes a few minutes because they are all made to order, but the decor is fun so you don't notice the wait. my favorite it is the soy puffs, octopus & chicken heart. (also, everything can be made with no spice or super spicy, just be sure to specify!)This place is good only if the lady isn't cooking. She doesn't pay attention to the skewer and it gets burnt. I come here often but the fish tofu is usually cold cause she doesn't cook it thoroughly. Overall this place went down hill the past few years.This place is pretty awesome. You'll probably be fairly unimpressed by the decor, but pay no mind. The skewers are really good and really cheap. Plus, they cook them right in front of you. I recommend the tofu, hearts, gizzards, beef, lamb...I guess I liked them all. I think the chicken skin was my favorite. Did I mention they all come on sticks? Who doesn't love to eat stuff that comes on sticks??Only the most unsanitary place ever. Rude employees. And small place. I used to come here because they have really cheap skewers and they're actually good but after my friends and I got sick from here. Never again.When it comes to Chinese style skewers, I think this place has a monopoly in Philadelphia. I wouldn't say this place is a must hit up place, but its not bad. The options stem from lamb, fishballs, beef, squid, chicken, chicken gizzard, and everything ranges from about 1 dollar to 1.50 per stick. Not the best; I've been to places in NYC that are better and of course China is better too. But if those aren't options for you, come here.This is probably my favorite place to get a quick snack late at night. The skewers are only a dollar or two each and are delicious. The chicken is the best IMO.I ordered fish tofu. The taste was so nasty and disgusting that made me throw up. True taste of sea, each bite is like eating a bucket of live fish.I usually go here in the afternoons since there's less people or sometimes the place is empty. It is pretty small so I can't imagine being there at night. The skewers are ok, although, I've only tried the squid, chicken heart, chicken gizzard, and fish ball. It is pretty close to Tea-Do which is perfect on a summer day. However, the service is really lacking. One of the guys who usually cooks the order there makes you feel like you are bothering whatever he's doing. Last time I was there, I ordered something to go. He wrapped my order in foil, put it in a bag, and slammed it on the counter.My experience at Solo Skewer Bar was a mixture of good and bad that they averaged out to be a mediocre one.
I walked into Solo Skewer Bar after getting told that I would have to wait for 30 minutes to get any food at TT Skewer. Solo, on the other hand, was quite empty with only a table occupied, and I could see there was someone behind the bar not doing anything. So I sat down at the bar and ordered chicken, beef, tofu, and squid skewers. My order certainly came out in a lightning speed here, but the skewers were not seasoned that well. At least they were really cheap; I paid less than $5 for four skewers. As with many other places in Chinatown, Solo is cash only.
Conclusion: Solo is the place is to go if you care more about quantity than quality since you can order way more skewers here than at other similar establishments.It's one of my favorite places to go right after school. It's cheap, the skewers are cooked to perfection. I recommend you pick the spicy option with the cumin and spices and all. I also recommend the fish balls.
Even though I like this place a lot, it takes a while to get your food....you would probably have to wait 10 minutes or more if theres like 3 people inside.I decided to stop in here for some protein before heading home, and therefore, not having to cook anything meaty and just focus on veggies.
The place itself is very dark inside.  A little light wouldn't hurt the atmosphere.  It's kind of dungeon-y.  There are about six stools up against a bar facing where the skewers are cooked, and then a counter behind those stools.  
The employee who took my order seemed a bit underwhelmed with being there, and during the whole time I was there (15 mins) and after watching him help three seperate people, not one smile was cracked... and not one thank you was said. 
Skewer-wise I ordered a beef, a chicken, and a shrimp.  The beef was tougher than Mike Tyson, complete with tendons, the chicken was dark meat and was tasty, and the shrimp is grilled with the shell on, making it virtually impossible to remove.  Yes, I did eat through the shell to try the shrimp, and it wasn't bad.  They brush oil on all the skewers and then use what seems like a chili powder/salt mixture... which seems like it take away from the healthy aspect of it all.  
Eh.  I wouldn't mind going back to try some of the others, but I probably won't.It's hard to find a Chinese style kabob place in US. This seems to be the only one. Surprisingly it is not expensive. I don't know if this is a BYO, but it'll be awesome having those skewers with beer. Maybe take home?
To all chinese people: the taste is not so genuine but you cannot expect too much when you are in US.Quick and cheap. These are about the only good things about it. Everything is $1 - $2. I would definitely recommend the Steamed Bun. It's the best thing on the menu. It's got some cinnamon sprinkled on top as it is being grilled. 
The meats (chicken, lamb, beef) had the same flavor. Even the squid tasted like meat. I think this is the place to go after a night of debauchery. This stuff goes great with beer, which you can bring from outside.
Which brings me to my next point: why is it called a skewer BAR when it doesn't even sell alcohol??A stick of meat for about a buck?  Awesome.  This hole-in-the-wall spot is pretty much a grill lined with a counter and bar stools.  It can be like dining in an oven.  Good thing there's a window counter for to-go orders.  Meat may be overcooked.  [Last Visit: April 2011]Stopped by on a Saturday night, the experiences was mehhh...
Decor: The racks and charcoals reminded me of authentic XINJIANG BBQ. The seating looked fine.
Food: The lamb was MEDIOCRE (I don't think they marinate the lamb, or maybe just not enough) and the size was too SMALL for the price ($2 per skewer). TT skewer (2 blocks away) has much bigger size for the same price ($2 per lamb skewer). We tried little spicy and medium spicy, it turned out to be not spicy at all. On the plus side, the squid was GOOD, tender but not over grilled. Tofu puffs were also tasty. There was no veggie options, errrr.
Service: HORRIBLE. The lady had a poker face at all times. This place is cash only, which is fine. But they do not offer receipts, just tell you a number...a big turn off. WON'T REPEAT. I will go to TT skewers or maybe NYC if I really want to try BBQ.I stumbled upon this place bc I was craving skewers and TT skewers was closed on mondays, the disappointment was beyond imagination.
Service: terrible, I only brought enough cash to pay for what I planned to order and bc my bill and a small piece missing the lady started screaming at me incoherently. Not wanting accept my bill
Place: kind of hard to find, not too much room to sit
Food: wow I did not know it was possible to screw up making all types of meats. I ordered beef, chicken, squid, tofu puff, and bacon with enoki mushrooms. Each one was more disappointing than the other. All the spices were on the outside and not inside and almost coughed out cumin powder if I inhaled wrongly. The worst offender is the beef. Good lord, I didn't think I ordered beef jerky. It was hard to bit into and had zero flavor. The only flavor is cumin covering the taste of burnt crap. It tasted how my cat turds smells. I was disgusted and couldn't finish it. Chicken was the most tolerable one and tasted something resembling chicken and not cat turd or over burnt/unrecognizable meat. Squid had all the spices concentrated in a pocket and tasted like...well squid. Tofu puff just tasted one frozen puffs thawed out with cumin. Last but not least, I did not think it was possible to screw up  bacon........if you want to taste how someone can make bacon taste disgusting, then you must try this place. 
Price: definitely a lot cheaper, but you get what you pay for. Shitty service and shitty food. 
Overall, this place is disgusting. Not worth stopping by and if you're craving skewers on a day TT Skewers is closed, don't stop by here. TT is def the best bc those ppl know how to make them the way how these skewers are made in China. I should know, I grew up eating theseUpdating the review because we came from out of town just for the skewers. Unfortunately, our experience was very different from our 1st one! The lady that was working was so unpleasant. My hubs tried to muster up some small talk & crack some jokes but she was so cranky! It was comical. She stiffed us on the portions & barely glazed the chicken skewers & they were extremely dry.
We decided to try TT skewers which was right around the corner. It was like night & day! They were SO friendly & welcoming & their skewers are amazing there.The waiter is very fierce，
She is very lazy，
My chicken is raw, I baked food in a short time
She looks very want to hit me，
Maybe it's because I more beautiful than she。Here's the thing. I'm pretty sure at this point this place is a front for something. So when you're in there make sure you're being respectful.
That having been said, this place is just plain old awesome. BYOB, and they will give you ice, glass, whatever you would like to have with your meat on a stick. My personal favorite is the heart and gizzard, but the lamb & beef is also good along with corn. As a fair warning don't try to go Rambo and go for the #4 spicy if you're not ready for it, because sweating profusely is not sexy in any culture. 
Also its a tight space so don't think about bringing too many friends 1-5 is more than enough. So enjoy eat meat, and drink. For a cheap hang out location to get drunk without needing to pay for exorbitant drinks that you could get from your local store. While eating good hearty cheap meat!I came in with a group of 4 on a Sunday afternoon & we were the only customers there. There was only 1 guy on duty & he was very nice. I ordered the lamb, beef, & chicken. The lamb & beef was alright & super greasy. But OMG the chicken was phenomenal! It was on the sweeter side & only $1. Honestly can't beat that. Next time I will just opt for the chicken skewers.Let me start by saying the 2 Stars IS NOT for the food but the customer service. I get that I am in Chinatown and speaking Chinese is normal but personally I don't speak Mandarin and this lady starts having an attitude toward me and my GF when we order in English. I am not sure if anyone else has the same issue but it's been this way the few times we have ordered here. 
The skewers are a great on the go snack when you're just craving for small portion foods.  
This review is just solely to let future or returning customers know that please advise that customer service can be bad to mediocreSimple and easyAgain if you're doing one of those keto diet's or carnivore diet or Atkins diet this fits the bill nicely. I don't like the flavor of cumin but a lot of my friends doI finally went to Solo to try it out. From walking inside I noticed it was a small place but not crowded, the lady that took my order was tired wouldn't say rude but it's also the city people everyone isn't happy cheery anyway good food fast
And I'll be going again!!
Ohh my vegan friend got the tofu puffs, said they were horrible  so basically: carnivore = +. But for carnivores Solo is alright..This place is a letdown, but an acceptable one since they have a much superior rival a block away. I lived in China from '09-'14 and the kind of skewered meat (and other options, but really it's all about that lamb) was a constant source of snacking joy, with nights at outdoor night markets often revolving around them and endless Tsingtaos. I include that to say I love Chinese skewers.
This place looks good from the outside - it's small, a little dingy looking maybe but in an appealing way. I pass by it all the time and it always seems like people are enjoying themselves over beers, conversation, and skewers. 
Well I went in once last year by myself and found that it was ok, but nothing that blew me away. The portions of meat on the skewers wasn't amazing by greedy American standards, but neither are they always in China. The difference here is that they're at American prices, which makes me want a bit more. But even with that in mind, I went there with a visiting friend from the old China days and wound up passing because of how unfriendly and unaccomodating the employee was to us. We went in, greeted her in Mandarin (we're both capable speakers) and asked if they sold beer. When she said no, we asked if we could bring some in since people always seem to be living it up in there when I walk by. She grumpily laid down a hard rule that each of us could bring one. We went out to check out TT Skewer on 9th Street. The kicker was that later on that night, we walked by again thinking they might still be open...and the door was unlocked and full of Chinese folks whooping it up over, you guessed it, skewers and drinks. They then told us they were closed and shooed us out.
So we get an unfriendly place that serves not-nearly-the-best of their product in a one-block radius. Skip.Visit Date: 08.17.2010
The skewers here are good, similar to the ones you would expect in the streets of China; however, the concept and execution isn't as pleasant. First, the place is small, so basically a place to chill for a lil' bit. Second, I can't help but feel that skewers should be sold out in the streets or from a vendor truck/cart, not in a restaurant venue and not served on top of plates. True, there is a to go window, but it can be easily overlooked when passing by or at first glance.I've walked by this shop innumerous times, each time thinking this place is perpetually closed with the dark-lit windows and the seemingly un-openable doors. However, if you muster the courage and pull hard enough, turns out the door is just really heavy. 
Oh yeah, CASH only.
I've lived in Northern China throughout my childhood and I have developed a fondness for skewers, particularly lamb skewers. What attracted me to Solo was the fact they not only carried the traditional cumin-laced lamb skewers, but also chicken hearts and gizzards, some of my favorite childhood snacks. While the place was completely empty with barely any place to sit down, Solo Skewer is meant for a quick drop and go kinda place. Ironically, since all of the meat are cooked at the spot, be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes for the meat to cook and eat. My favorites is still the gizzards. I think the chicken hearts were a bit undercooked and the lamb a bit too fatty.
Overall, this was a great blast of the past and I do recommend it, especially if you haven't had any comparable experiences.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 2 starsI usually get the lamb and beef skewers here at the spiciest level and they're on point. There usually aren't that many people there so the wait is minimal. The prices on the skewers are pretty cheap so makes it a pretty easy grab and go kind of joint.3.5 stars
Came here awhile back when it first opened. Stopped by tonight to fill me after happy hour at prohibition taproom ( see my review there). 
I was expecting some attitude and mean faces like elite yelper linda n experienced, but fortunately, my guy griller showed no emotions. 
Ordered beef, lamb, chicken heart and gizzard, and squid tentacles. I order mine might spicy and my gf very spicy... I think he mixed it up and mine were all spicy unless light spicy is Asian style and really means spicy in american standards.... Ahh the joys of being an Asian American. Everything was tasty but wasn't Omg amazing. I think the winner was the lamb and gizzard. 
Service is simple, place was empty except for two seated waiting for their order. It's decent place but wish the spice was correct. 
In my drunken stupor, I do think red king BBQ (next to rising tide) has good skewers. Better seating options and other bar food as well.With the skewers priced from $1 to $1.50 or so, this is a good place to get a cheap snack. This is one of the few places in Chinatown with a bar-like atmosphere. (Seating is on bar stools.) One word of warning is that the skewers take a few minutes to cook, so don't go if you are in a hurry. Beer is not served, but I believe it is a BYOB. (Soft drinks are available if you need something to extinguish the flames!)This place has been established for a while now. Love the skewers that they have available. Everything is very cheap; skewers are either $2 or $1. I always get the lamb and chicken; lamb is savory while the chicken is on the sweeter side (compared to the lamb). The others are ok but I always go for these two. They also serve alcohol which is a good mix. 
Don't come here expecting full meals. It's just a chill place where you come and order some delicious and cheap finger foods while sipping on some alcohol to catch up and chill with few friends. 
The place is not that big so do not come with a herd of people. There is but one server as well. 
The food does take a bit to cook since it's over charcoal but it is worth the wait. Reason I'm telling you this: if you know the amount of food that you want, say it all at once so that you get it all at once. You don't want to eat and then order more cause it will take a while (unless you got time like that). 
I would come check the place out!A buck a stick! This is a good pre-game place. It's definitely a hole in the wall. Good for Beer, loud conversation, and a buck a stick of meat. I like the combination of spicy chili pepper mixed with cumin they have going on here.The Lamb Skewers of Chinatown's Streets 
Lyrics by Smokey Nom'inson.
"People say skewers are the life of the party
When they only have a buck or two
Although they might  taste good and hearty
Deep inside they are cooked well through...
So take a good look at this place
You'll see a joint that looks out of place
If you look closer, it's easy to trace
The best of Chinatown's street food...
I need you, need you
Since you are right next door to other food 
Solo may seem like a little dive
Although they may be good
They just can't substitute because Solo is the permanent one...
So buy a lamb skewer at this place
You'll get great snack to stuff in your face
If you look closer, it's easy to trace
The best of Chinatown's street food...
Outside it's a bit shady
Inside don't be afraid-y
Just a buy a few oh yeah
and get them spicy, too...
My smile is my make up
I wear since a steak up a stick here with you...
Baby baby baby
Take a good look at this place
You'll see a joint that looks out of place
If you look closer, it's easy to trace
The best of Chinatown's street food..."