My birthday fell in the middle of Restaurant Week, but I wanted to bring my friends to a different part of town to avoid all the craziness that the week entails. Found this place on Yelp, and with all the raving reviews, I wanted to try it for myself! It's BYOB, offers free parking, and the size of the restaurant was perfect for my group of 13.
Since it was a Wednesday, we were able to order off their $32 prix fix menu which offered many options to satisfy any palate. Score! I had the crispy pork belly appetizer, the salmon entree, and the chocolate decadence for dessert. Everyone at the table commented on the quality of the food. The presentation was creative, and the portions were just enough so that you weren't left hungry or full. The pace of the meal was on point, and loved that the Chef came to our table at the end to ask how the meal was.
Birthday dinner was a success!We took a gamble on this one for my college graduation dinner. And gladly so!! Everything was everything I could have wanted & more. They accommodated our party of ten with friendly and very professional service. They were attentive (perk of a smaller place) and were prompt with bringing out more & more of our seven bottles of wine from the back. Even Chef Mark came to ask us if we enjoyed everything & congratulated me on my graduation.  
The food was phenomenal, inventive, hearty, and decadent. Between all the guests I believe we tried most of the menu. And there is something to be said for each of the appetizers and entrees. The amazing thing about their food was the use of subtle flavors. For example, a wonderful scallop appetizer with 'vanilla salt' which gave it a sweet and savory background flavor. Even my arugula salad had a very high quality sweet goat cheese on top. Please order the lobster crepes!! Its worth a few extra dollars on an appetizer. They were large!! And hearty!! 
As for entrees, expect large portions!! No itty bitty fancy food here! The best way to describe the food overall is American Contemporary. These were all fresh, recognizable ingredients. Most of the food felt rustic and warm. I got the lamb which had a melt in your mouth texture. The plate contained a huge chop and a braised lamb shoulder wrapped in a crispy phyllo dough!! The lobster mac and cheese was a signature dish that I hope they always keep on the menu. The very generous portion of lobster pieces in egg noodles and cheese sauce was also topped with a large lobster tail. Talk about comfort food! My friend really enjoyed her salmon with an orange glaze. It was tender and moist. My mother also said the blackened cod was delicious. With the place filling up closer to 8 or 8:30pm it started to get very hot in the restaurant, almost uncomfortably so. They make want to consider ceiling fans or opening their windows on nice evenings if they can't turn the a/c up more. 
The meal was ended with a complimentary dessert plate with many assorted chocolate desserts for me with "congratulations" written in chocolate sauce! How sweet. Their homemade chocolates that come with the check make even paying for it a sweet experience. (I guess especially when you're the one so kindly being treated.) The food is appropriately priced. I believe the most expensive entree was the lobster mac at $26, which was worth every penny! 
The fact that it is a BYOB just seals the deal for my family & I. This place has its full focus on its food and providing an enjoyable experience for its customers. It also had seating outside underneath the romantic, spirited lights of Liberties Walk.  I will definitely be returning very soon to take advantage of the seating in the spring weather. My new 'go to' BYOB and certainly makes my personal 'list.'I was looking for a new spot in Northern libs and there are so many restaurant but this place stuck out so we gave it a try and i am so happy that we did. The menu is small but there is something for everyone we didn't order any appetizer because we always eat the bread. They had this incredible bread and tasty olive oil. For our dinner i had the braised short rib and my husband had the veal chop we both enjoyed them very much very tasty and different. We each ordered dessert and they were both great...I would definitely recommend this restaurant...not only was the food fabulous but the ambiance was great....dimly lit with great decor....definitely would take a trip back!
Please note that it is a BYOB....So me and the babe participated in the Northern Liberties Restaurant week because we shun the CC one for some reason.  Sonata is a place we walk by almost everyday as we live in the Walk and always wanted to patronize since opening, but it always ends up an after thought.  
So, we were presented with the three course menu with three options to choose from.  Neither of the duck apps sounded appetizing mainly because I really like ducks and cannot stomach one.  So we both ordered the potato soup.  How good can potato soup be you wonder?  Well this soup...let me tell you...this soup was really something special.  I cannot think of an adjective to describe how delicious and creamy it was without being too heavy or starchy.  We licked our bowls as usual and then our entrees arrived.  I was safe and ordered the bone in chicken with potatoes and beans (green stuff=yuck because I am mentally 5 years old).  B got the salmon with fennel and the most DElicious mushroom risotto I have ever tried.  That does not say much as risotto is not one of those dishes I order a lot, but my standards are pretty high.  We tried to eat slowly and act like normal people rather than devouring it as usual and it was a success.  
After the entree we had three yum desserts to choose from.  I chose the creme brulee bread pudding and he got the chocolate mouse cake.  (I say mouse because that's exactly how he ordered it and I just about spat out my red wine at the waiter because I was laughing so hard).  His embarrassment did not last long because we tore into our desserts like champs.  I NEVER eat dessert because I just like food so much that I usually prefer appetizers, eight loaves of bread, drinks and our entrees that it always seems unnecessary.  It was so fantastic and creamy and light though, I am pretty sure I will never get over it.
The place was great.  I checked out their regular menu and unfortunately the dessert is not listed but that is ok.  I want to go back for the lobster mac and cheese and gnocchi.  I love Sonata and I think everyone else should too.I so so SO wanted to love this place and give it 5 stars after all the reviews I read but I just cant do it, and I'll explain why. 
Arrived at 8:30 on Friday night and were seated right away. The ambiance is pretty good but not the greatest. We could see down a rather large hallway right in to the kitchen. Not really a scene I want to see as I'm eating but not that bad non the less. Service was pretty good. Waiter seemed very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. On to the food.
Pork belly; EXQUISITE! I've never had this before so I didn't know what to expect. The outside was golden brown and crispy and the inside very soft and fatty. It tasted great. The crispness and salty sweet taste worked in harmony very very well.
Octopus; Cooked to the T! Not cooked too long or too short, just right. The octopus I had at Tinto was almost a frog like consistency - not cool. This was very tasty and not slimy at all.
Lobster pot pie; I wanted to fall love with this dish, but just cant do it. The lobster was fresh and the sauce was VERY tasty, but I wasn't in love with the "pot pie" portion of it. They put a big fluffy what looks like a biscuit in the middle and pour the dinner over it. My problem was that the "biscuit" was too airy, flat and crispy. I feel that if the use a more "carb" rich and full biscuit it would be SO much better. You think pot pie you think creamy and doughy right? The dish was good but I'd like to see a much more suitable biscuit in it.
Short rib; My friend had the short rib. It wasn't really what I was expecting. To be honest I've had better at Famous Dave's. I'm glad I did not get it. Not like it was horrible, but not what I expected after reading the reviews.
Black Bass; My other friend had this. I found it to be not that tasty. The quality of the fish was very good though.
Scallops - well, only 2 of them, which is pretty sad really for $10. They were pretty good but I've had better. Really all I can say. They were tasty but I guess I prefer mine cooked in white wine and nothing more.
The rolls were very good as was the oil you dip them in. 
NOTE; Portions here are pretty small. For taste AND quantity of food, I would try Cucina Forte in Queen Village before coming here.
K's Take; Very god BYOB off the beaten path but there's a lot of others I'd try (Monsu, L'Angolo, La Laconda) before returning here. Nice place to go if you do not want a large crowd and some intimacy.This is by far my favorite restaurant!  The food is prepared so fresh...every bite is intentional...planned by the wonderful chef.  I feel like I am finally getting to taste the food that I see on top chef.  My favorites...wow, how to narrow it down...I have yet to have something I didn't think was amazing.  The pork belly and the lobster crepe appetizers are unbelievable.  My favorite entrees are the Lobster Mac & cheese (fresh made pappardelle noodles)...lobster so sweet and fontina cheese gravy so light but so delicious.  Runner up for entree...the bacon wrapped chicken and the braised short ribs.  I can't even begin to try to describe how magnificent these dishes are...just do yourself a favor and bring a good bottle of wine, some good company...and be prepared to have your taste buds delighted!We had great service and great food.  We had the Lobster Crepes, the Duck Confit Rissoto, the Short Rib, and the Spinach Mushroom Ravioli.  I tasted everything and it was quite tasty.  My favorite was the Lobster Crepes.  And despite being busy, the owner, Mark, made it a point to make sure we were happy.Last minute plans on a beautiful day brought us here with drinks in hand (BYO!). I wasn't sure what to expect, so I decided I'll just enjoy the breeze (outdoor seating : - ) I was eying a couple of things on the menu and one of them was highly recommended by our server. The potato wrapped pacific cod....deliciousness on a plate. Also tried to foi gras (liver) appetizer, the flavor was amazing, if you are picky about texture, pass on it. Everyone enjoyed the entrees they ordered judging from the 'oohs!' and 'aahs!'. Service was great as well, considering how busy the place was. Great place to bring a date or friend who enjoys food, dont forget to make reservations!
So you might ask why I'm not giving this place 5 stars, Sonata is not the complete package. The prices: foie gras, literally two bites on a plate - $13; Pacific cod - $25. This could be easily priced at $9 & $18 respectfully. I know, I know... I shouldn't put a price on great food but for the portions served and the fact I'd come here more often if the prices were different, I cant help myself but to give Sonata 4 stars.Food is very good.  Atmostphere is nice.  Service is good.  Time between courses is slow, every time I've been here it has been too slow.  Quicken the pace in the kitchen and I'll give 4 or 5 stars.We dropped in last Friday night without a reservation and sat down immediately for one of the best meals I've had in Philly. Sonata's food and service were particularly excellent, good, intimate atmosphere and  BYOB bonus completed all around amazing experience.
Pros
-Really amazing food. We started with the lobster crepes and had the bacon-wrapped chicken, gumbo and lobster mac n cheese as entrees. Flavors were great, portions just right.
-Dessert - we had the strawberry rhubarb shortcake and trio of ice creams and were blown away, then home-made caramel-filled chocolates delivered with the bill.
-Staff - the hostess directed us to secret free parking and the closest wine and spirits, our waitress was professional and unobstrusive and at the end we got a visit from chef Mark Tropea. 
Cons
-Child please.This can be a hit or miss, maybe. 
We came as a large party, honestly we didn't even expect it to be large, and I can understand that certain things can be compromised if so. As a smaller restaurant, I think their food is great if they are serving 2-4 people at a time. 
On with what I've tried on the menu.
Pork Belly, Foie Gras, and the Lobster Crepes. The Pork Belly was very good, and very similar to what Amada has. It's unfortunate however, Amada serves a bigger better portion at just about the same price. Obviously, don't expect to get full of just their appetizers, you won't. The Foie Gras was ok too. There were others on the table that ordered it and it was great, but when we had ours, it didn't meet the same expectations. I don't know why... maybe just a little under done. 
The Lobster Mac and Cheese was delicious. Flat noodles, from what I hear are hand made, which makes this very delicious. The Lobster is very buttery and soft. We also had the Braised Short Ribs and the Salmon. The Short Ribs were good, the Salmon was dry on half of the ones that ordered it. The other half was content and said it was moist. 
Even though we bought our own cake, some people at the table ordered dessert. The 3 we were able to try were the sorbet, the fried pumkin pie, and the carmel banana creme brulee. Unfortunately, only the sorbet came out a winner, which doesn't speak too well on their dessert part. The Creme Brulee with the carmel and the banana defeats the purpose of the dessert in my opinion. I expect it to be clean yet warming. It was warm, but it was heavy and leaves a very strong aftertaste in the mouth. The fried pumpkin was interesting, but not in a good way. We had a whole lot of crust and not enough of the pie to enjoy it. 
At the end of the meal, we were told that we were getting too loud and for us to tone down, which we did, or so we thought. It wasn't till the chef/owner came out and reiterated that we were loud again did we realize that we have overstayed our welcome. I understand that it is possible that because we were drinking, we did not realize how loud we were, but at the same time, some of us has already left, and some were waiting in line for the bathroom, leaving two groups of 3-4 at opposite ends just enjoying the birthday cake. In any regards, we apologized and asked for the check and proceeded on with the rest of the night.
Sonata in my eyes is good, and it has great potential. There is something that is missing however, and I can't quite figure out what it is.The jokes have been on me this past week. Creeping on 30 has put me in a weird place but being teased about it seems totally uncalled for . So when cb asked me where I wanted to dine for my b-day I sifted through tons of bookmarks. It's been in my interest to lower my book marks.
Sonata hasnt been overly reviewed and byobs are a semi crush of mine. We like to dine late so 930 was our time slot.
Armed with a off dry reisling and a Spanish rose we parked pretty close and walked a mere 500 ft to my food baby's bliss.
Service was slightly slow in the beginning but friendly and attentive for the remainder  of the meal. The atmosphere sucked us in ; the small restaurant seats no more than 40 people and is very cozy . Red walls and black accents make this a very chic place.
Our server brought out complimentary rosemary rolls seasoned w/ sea salt and a bit if garlic dipping oil I could have eaten 5 . The house made rolls were crisp on the outside and like clouds once you split then open to the center.
Cb & I both started w/ the *corn soup .creamy, smooth and full of flavor along w/ two floating corn fritters . I enjoyed the first course very much. My main course was black sea bass w/ a pea risotto ..Damn! I wish I were eating that now. The *sea bass was perfectly cooked ; flaky,moist and seasoned very well. The risotto was the perfect consistency ,creamy slightly salty and aldente. It was so good . I saved some fish for cb since I needed to have room for the *chocolate decadence.
Three things of chocolate on one plate- small chocolate beignets filled with chochlate, rich chocolate fudgy cake/torte and gelato . Chocolate coma ! I finished w/ an *espresso and the chef/ owner stopped by our table :) I assured him this was a great meal and that yelp would be hearing of all the great things:) he sent out some house made chocolates ( as if I needed more) but they were amazing ! Carmel filled w/. Salty bite.
If inching closer to 30 gets me meals like this then I will no longer look sad when I toast to shortly leaving my 20's..
*insert  photos its ok to salivate 
+cb enjoyed his steak entree w/ brocoliniI love trying BYOB's and this by far is one of my favorites. I have sampled the summer menu and most recently the fall menu which included an amazing Lobster "mac-n-cheese." The service was wonderful. The chef came out to ask us of what we thought about the meal, which personally I love when they came out to greet their guests. Also, they have an amazing Foie Gras. I went with a group last time I went and got to sample most of the plates. The more popular appetizer was the pork belly, which was wonderfully cooked ("melts in you mouth" deliciousness but at the same time with a crispy skin. Loved the textures). This place is also in a good location in NoLib. After dinner I just walked around the piazza.I was impressed.  I had medium/low expectations for this place.  Thought I's stop in and check it out, well I was in for a treat!  The crispy pork belly was not the healthiest thing, but it was amazing!!
I was a little disappointed that there was no mac and cheese that night, but the place was very good, service was good too.
Definitely not the most romantic spot, its bright (as previous poster mentioned) and it is far from a "cozy" kind of place, but when I go to a restaurant, I go to EAT, and this place did a great job on making me want to come back again.Five of us went to Sonata last night.  Place is nicely decorated in a minimalist style.  Too minimal as the place filled up and the noise factor increased.
We liked the place a lot.  Our server , Matt, was excellent.  Friendly, informed and handled our table and particular requests very well.  Most of the food was very good.  The only exception was the lobster mac and cheese which was touted by most Yelpers.  I told the table that only one person thought it bland out of about 9 or 10 who commented on it.   2 of us ordered it...and it was pretty bland.  Dull.  Everything else was great.  The table favorite was the potato crusted cod.  Interesting presentation and delicious .
Also, on mid week nights they have a 31 dollar prix fixe.  For that you get a choice from the menu of ap/salad, main course and dessert.  We thought that a very good deal.
After our meal this little kid came to our table dressed in a chef's outfit!  No, it was the chef.  Very young looking to be so accomplished.  We thought it was nice of him to come out and greet the diners.  Nice touch.
Nice people, good food and a very reasonable BYOB.Parking was a bit of a pain, and I ended up parking about 4 blocks away.  After I walked to the restaurant, the waitress told me that they have parking next to the building, but that it's not very well marked as being for the restaurant.  That's no lie.  When I was walking back to my car after dinner I made a point to look for the parking signs, and I didn't see a single indication that there was any restaurant parking.  As a matter of fact, there are numerous signs that say 'Permit Parking Only'.  So, take your chances with this one.
As for the food, I was really impressed.  We didn't try any of the appetizers, but the main dishes were really well done.  The lobster pot pie was kind of creative, and I'd like to try most everything on the menu, eventually.This is one of the hidden gems of Northern Liberties.  As another reviewer put it YOU MUST GO TO SONATA!
The food is over the top delicious and consistent.  The servers are always attentive and friendly.  Delicious delicacies like foie gras grace the menu.  Even common items are deliciously prepared.  
Unfortunately, I am simply not eloquent enough to describe my experiences here.Went to this place last week. It was a quiet night for them and their food was amazing. The service was great, and it is a BYOB place. Met the owner and he said that most of the menu was changing so I'll write a review on the new food in a few months. Wednesday nights have a 35 per person menu that includes an appetizer, entree, and a a desert. Enjoy!Fresh, innovative food that never disappoints.  The menu changes seasonally, which is a huge plus.  Desserts are sublime.  Great BYOB date spot.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and we both really enjoyed the place. Nice decor, but not an overly romantic spot. A little on the bright side for that. The neighborhood is nice as it's easy to grab a drink before or after dinner. It's relatively new and the wait-staff seemed a bit green.
On to the food: everything we had was terrific. We got the duck risotto and pork belly appetizers and both were amazing. Pork belly is rarely anything but delicious, but this was REALLY good. My girlfriend had the stuffed porkchop (which was huge) and I had the potato-encrusted salmon. Both were delicious.
The chef came out to talk to us and seemed genuinely interested in our thoughts. When we left, we were the last ones in the dining room and there was no one there to say goodbye. A bit bush league, but nothing to sweat too much.
A great little BYOB in NoLibs.The thing that really struck us is how Chef Mark used multiple ingredients to create complex, rich tastes so effortlessly.  We have then pork belly (the accompaniments added two additional dimensions to it), the tuna and the salmon. My wife noted that the tuna, prepped with truffles and fava beans, finally offered an alternative to the usual sesame crusted tuna with wasabi mash.  Dessert (chocolate served three ways) was also inventive delish.  All in all, unique, thoughtfully prepared and beautifully plated dishes at an affordable price point - we will definitely be back.Absolutely amazing, moved to Philadelphia in April and have made a point of trying a different restaurant every weekend, Sonata hands down is the best from the food to the service.Jason our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly,Mark the chef came out and introduced himself,very nice.I had lobster pot pie ,not your typical pot pie delicious a must try, my husband had black bass which was also amazing pork belly a must and chocolate decadence need I say more.We are still talking about it the next morning.Going back next weekend with out of town guest.This place is unbelievable. I had the crispy pork belly for an appetizer which I HIGHLY recommend. It was cooked beautiful. Crispy on the top and nice and tender in the middle. For my main entree I had the Lobster Mac and Cheese which was absolutely delicious. They give you a decent piece of lobster too. For desert I had the chocolate trio which made me feel like I died and gone to heaven. If you're a chocolate lover like myself, it doesn't get ANY better than this. I definitely recommend this place. The service was great, the place was beautiful, and the food was amazing!My wife and I ate at this little BYO and loved it. They featured a $32 prefix dinner menu with optional $3 add ons for saucier choices.  We had: 
Wife
appetizer- lobster crepe / fennel / mascarpone / lobster glace 
entree- a pork tenderloin salad with peaches and candied sliced almonds 
dessert- fig and blueberry tart with lemon sorbet and balsamic drizzle 
Me 
appetizer- crispy pork belly / smoked tomato marmalade / compressed apple/ calvados molasses 
entree- black trumpet mushroom crusted tuna / fava bean / black truffle and foie gras butter 
dessert- Cherry opera cake with rosemary cherries and almond frozen yogurt 
Everything was delicious and wonderfully presented. The staff were also very nice and attentive. I recommend it!Amazing little italian restaurant in NoLibs. The lobster pot pie is a must if you visitWe had 8:30 reservations for four on a Saturday night - none of us had been, but the reviews looked good and the online menu looked fantastic. We arrived about 5 minutes early and were told it would be just a minute, the guests at our table were just finishing up. We decided to sit down and open our beverages while we waited. And waited. And waited. Afore mentioned guests had polished off their meals and dessert, but were lingering WAY too long. The PYT at the front didn't want to say anything, but after 30 minutes, my husband politely pointed out to the ladies that we were waiting for the table and we had 8:30 reservations. Thankfully, they left. I tell this little bit only to illustrate just HOW FABULOUS the food is - we were a little annoyed at the wait, but once the food started coming out, oh my! High marks for the gazpacho . . . the short ribs . . . the lobster pot pie. And do not miss the "chocolate decadence." We started to just order one to share between all of us, but decided on two. That was a stroke of genius, as after one bite, we would have been fighting over it. Add to it that I got to drink my own favorite beer that's usually not served in restaurants, and it was a meal to remember!  Our waiter, Jason, was great, too. It's a little oasis in all the boisterousness of NL . . . check it out.This is long overdue as is our second visit. We went for our Anniversary in Sept. and had an excellent meal. The chef definitely knows what he is doing with a fine dining menu. It is a much needed dining experience in the N. Libs as we don't have many high end restaurants yet. We food was prepared skillfully with attention to detail and finesse. Every flavor was delicious from the Pork belly to the chocolate dessert. We hope this place continues to flourish. I would reccomend this place to anyone looking for a delicious quiet intimate dinner.Visit #2 was as good, if not better than visit #1.  My lobster pot pie was unusual, but very tasty.  (They sort of took liberties with the pot pie concept.)  But her salmon was nothing short of amazing.  The wait staff is delightful, and Marc, the chef, came out again to greet us and chat us up for a bit.
No parking available in the next door lot this time, which meant street parking a couple blocks away.  That wasn't especially pleasant, but it didn't ruin the evening.Sonata is one of my favorite spots in town, but I must give exceptional mention for my most recent experience.  I am a nursing mother with a baby that's allergic to gluten, dairy, soy, and tree nuts; therefore, I cannot eat those foods either.  I feel like such a high maintenance jerk ordering food and asking the server questions about what they cook with and so on.  So I contacted Sonata via their website/email asking if they cooked with butter and what on their menu would work for me.  My email was responded to the next morning and followed up with a phone call from the chef/owner.  He said he could easily accommodate my food issues.  That evening I was handed a printed menu just for me with several choices of appetizers and entrees that contained no gluten, dairy or soy!!  Also, he printed another menu for my husband (who is gluten intolerant) that was all gluten-free choices including the infamous Lobster "Mac & Cheese" with gluten-free pasta!  I have never felt so at ease ordering!  Chef Mark came out to greet us as he usually does...I couldn't thank him enough for his generous accommodations!  Oh, and because they make all deserts in house, the trio of sorbets was amazing, enjoyed by myself and my baby!!Had a byob dinner for 6 here a few weeks ago.
I was pleasantly surprised with the venue.  It is located in the Northern Liberties and conveniently has free parking next door (even though it is posted "Permit Only").  Sonata is a small (~30-40 seat) byob, and very attractive inside.  However, unlike a lot of our favorite byobs, it has remarkably widely spaced tables (they could clearly squeeze in more if they wanted) and we could easily fit all our wine and stems on the table.  Although it was deserted when we arrived at 6PM, by 8PM it was packed and the noise level had ratcheted up dramatically, which was one of my few knocks.  Service was pleasant but on the slow side, although I never mind that when there are good wines on the table (see below).  Stems were decent, although top heavy and prone to tipping over (they didn't mind if you brought your own, which I did).  As far as the food, the New American menu was all a la carte and I thought generally very good. In particular, I really enjoyed my lobster pot pie, which came out in a small sauce pot with a layer of flaky pastry floating on top, which then ended up on the bottom when the pot was up-ended on my plate.  Also had a foie gras appetizer and pistachio cake and ice cream for dessert.  Definitely a place you should try (reservations via OpenTable).
As far as the wines, it was a fun change from our usual French wines to focus on West Coast wines for a change.  Although everyone is always ragging on me to post my tasting notes, and as usual I took copious notes, one of us took advantage of CellarTracker's events function to post his impressions of our wines, which were all excellent.  There was a lot of fruit evident, and the Pott was almost SQN-like in its intensity, but I thought they were still all very well balanced:
http://www.cellartracker.com/event.asp?iEvent=14575
A worthy addition to our byob rotation.
Slainte!We needed to take some family that were in from out of town, out for a nice dinner and rather than pile into 3 cabs to make the trip to Center City or Old City, we decided to walk over to Liberties Walk and roll the dice with Sonata. We'd walked past it a thousand times, but for whatever reason had never give it a chance. I'm glad we opted for NoLibs dining that night. The service was among the best I've experienced in Philly (or elsewhere for that matter) and the food was great! I absolutely loved the Lobster Macaroni & Cheese, which was worth every penny, and I'd say out of  10 people,  6 others LOVED the food and everyone liked it and enjoyed the restaurant overall. I would definitely recommend this restaurant as a viable alternative to the fine dining offered in other parts of the city.This place is amazing.... I have loved everything I've tried, and I've tried everything on the menu.... Seriously one of the best places in Philly... Eat there, and make sure you save room for desert. The most thoughtfully constructed deserts around.Seriously Amazing- I do not need to give a long explanation...just go
Loved every last bite of my short ribs! 
I just finished dinner with a party of 8 for Mother's day...and everyone enjoyed their meal. Mark the chef is talented and detail orientated. Everything was deliciously prepared.We love this restaurant. Our first time dinning was a few weeks after they're opening, and the quality and consistency with each visit since is a true tale to the perfection of Mark Tropea. We cannot get enough of the lobster mac and cheese...which I would like to add is not your traditional baked macaroni, but a fresh pappardelle pasta in a lobster cream sauce topped off with fresh lobster.
A few dishes we have had were sous vide, and Mark was kind enough to explain the method of cooking at a low heat over a long period of time in a vacuum. I believe the short ribs are prepared this way, and they are delicious. 
I NEVER order dessert out, but we brought friends to dinner once and they ordered the chocolate decadence / warm chocolate beignet / chocolate hazelnut "chipwich" trio and it was beyond heaven, and now I am sure to always leave room for it.  The chocolates  topped with sea salt and filled with creamy caramel that come with the bill are a delicious way to end a perfect meal.  
We have never had a bad meal here, and we live close so we come often. The service is always consistent and above average for Philadelphia. The hostess always remembers not only that we are return guests, but specifics about our last conversation which is a nice touch, and so out of character for the neighborhood. 
The only reasonI did not give five stars is mainly as a result of sparse decor, cold temps in the winter, and uncomfortable chairs( left over from the last restaurant in the same space), but I am sure this will all change as the business grows. 
Still one of my  favorite BYOB's in the city!I'm amazed by this restaurant. The food is absolutely superb, the staff is gracious, helpful and attentive and the chef/owner is down to earth and cooks up some fabulous food. Prepare to want to try 3 courses - especially the lobster pot pie. The short ribs were amazing as well. Definitely my favorite BYOB in the area. PS-theres a state store across the street for your wine needs!Yes As Good As It Gets.  Mark, Jayson and Staff couldn't be better.  Celebrated a special birthday and the food and service were indeed GREAT.  Mark is very creative and one great person.  Looking forward to my next visit, I am not a regular but have dined here close to 10 times.Great food, excellent service and love the location!
Only complaints are that I wish the menu had a few additional choices - although what they do have on they menu they do exceptionally well!
It seems as if Sonata is hurting for business, the last time my boyfriend and I were there we were offered a 'diner's card' that gets punch everytime you eat there and the 5th visit gets a free dessert or something.
For a place that is 'fine dining' this was a bit of a low class gimick.Went there twice in one week and end up ordering the lobster mac n cheese twice. Thinly sliced flat noodle with fontina cheese and a butter poached lobster tail on top. You can taste the freshness of the dough in the pasta and just the right amount of cheese where you don't regret eating it after. Ordered the seared foie gras again, it literally melts in your mouth unlike any I ever tasted. That's how good they were because I normally don't order the same stuff twice. 
I also tried the bacon wrapped chicken with whipped potato and english pea. Chicken was moist, you can see the herbs infused inside when you cut it open. Everything was well-seasoned, simple, precise and perfectly executed. Desserts were also a plus, try the strawberry shortcake and chocolate decadence.
Service was great and the chef came out to check how everyone was doing. This is now my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood. Did I mention it's BYOB?We had a wonderful birthday dinner at Sonata last night. The wait staff were very attentive and helpful. The restaurant is small, but nice looking. The noise level was average. I had the potato-wrapped cod, which was sooooo good. Also delicious was the bacon-wrapped chicken, potato and leek soup, and tuna crudo. I tried the crispy pork belly because so many Yelpers raved about it. Overall, I was disappointed with it. Perhaps because I was so pumped up about it because of the reviews. My mom had the fois gras, which had a nice flavor, but wasn't amazing. My husband got the lobster pot pie, but was disappointed because it was a flaky biscuit surrounded by the pot pie innards, rather than an actual pie-type thing. However, the flavor was great. The staff was happy to serve our birthday cake, and did not charge us a cutting fee. The chef came out to ask how our meal was. The staff did not seem to mind us hanging around and talking and drinking after our meal. Overall, a very nice experience. I would recommend Sonata.Have been a few times and like it a fair bit. The quality is a bit more uneven than at Matyson (for me the gold standard when it comes to BYOs in Philadelphia). I had some amazing dishes and some average ones. Also, the menu doesn't change too often and is not that original. Nevertheless, I will be back.
The worst experience was a large group on my last visit. Really not to pleased to go out with my wife on a Friday night and spend some good money on a nice dinner if a big/loud group of 20 is having a party at the same time. Don't expect that at a place like this.Used a Groupon to dine here for the first time. I had the arugala salad, salmon entree and chocolate dessert. All my food was delicious! I had forgotten to bring a bottle of wine (byob) but the waiter was kind enough to fetch me a delicious red that was left over in the back. Also great was the free parking in the lot next to the restaurant. Overall a great find that I would recommend.Lobster Mac is amazing and an all around great byo!After months of lusting over the idea of lobster mac and cheese, I decided to commit and buy a Groupon.  The famed dish was almost in my grasp!  Boyfriend and I showed up on Friday night with no reservation, so the hostess took our phone number and called us when the table was ready (about a half hour, just enough time for a drink at Bar Ferdinand).  We were given our menus, the new winter menu, we were told.  But I didn't need a menu.  I knew what I wanted.  I've known for months.  I looked down, and gack!  It was gone!
Yes, the night I finally show up for the famed lobster mac and cheese was the night they stop serving it.  
What. The. Hell. 
I expressed my discontent, and the super friendly waitress apologized, explaining that it would probably make the specials board on occasion.  I was distraught and decided to drown my sorrows in appetizers.  We had duck risotto balls and pork belly.  (For those of you who are familiar with my reviews, clearly I am no longer a vegetarian and clearly I am enjoying that.)  I tried pork belly once before and thought it was vile.  To my surprise, this was really flavorful and not overly fatty.  I actually liked it!  The risotto balls were super fun. 
I decided nothing would dull the pain of losing out on lobster mac and cheese like a lobster pot pie.  Oh, Lord.  So good.  A very generous portion of lobster mixed with mushrooms and what I think were lima beans (it's just now dawning on me I may have unquestioningly devoured and enjoyed lima beans) in a buttery sauce topped with a biscuit.  Boyfriend got the short ribs and thoroughly enjoyed them. 
We finished with a pear galette topped with a disconcerting caramel sauce and some amazing marscapone ice cream and a visit from the chef.  When he asked us how everything was, I explained it was all great, except for my broken heart.  He was sorry I was disappointed and explained the reasons he took it off the menu.  I don't remember them; I just remember the sadness.  
In conclusion:  The food is yummy.  The place is cute.  The service is great.  The cost of heart ache is one star.We had brunch here a few weeks ago and were just thrilled with the food AND the service. The owner/chef came out to say hello and ask if everything was okay. We told him everything was wonderful - my friend had a great pear salad with goat cheese and I had the Eggs Benedict.
Very enjoyable! Be aware, though, that the dinner menu is a lot more expensive than brunch.My husband and I recently had the opportunity to try this place out. Unfortunately we were with a really big group of people and didn't get to have dessert because the service was taking a really long time and we weren't able to stay out too late (the group was over 20 people - slower service was to be expected). I was reeeally looking forward to trying the "chocolate decadence" but I'll live...
Since we had such a big group and we were waiting for some stragglers to arrive, by the time we ended up getting any food I was starving. When I saw the waiter bringing out the rolls I got really giddy and excited. But, as Bri H. said, the rosemary roll that they brought out was OK, but it would have been *a lot* better served warm.
When we finally got around to ordering, we started with the butternut squash soup as our appetizer. One word to describe it:  savory. It had "pecan funnel cake" bits in it, but it tasted just like pieces of tempura. It had pancetta also, so the whole dish pretty much ended up tasting like bacon soup (that's NOT a bad thing).
For dinner I had the bacon wrapped chicken filled with stuffing. It was served over mashed potatoes and came with little cranberries and swiss chard. It tasted just like Thanksgiving and the chicken was super moist. This dish was really good, overall, I just wish there was MORE of everything on the plate.
My husband got the braised short rib with celery, carrots, potatoes, etc. It tasted like a beef stew without the stew. It was also really good.
I must say that the dish that caught my eye the most once everyone had their entrees in front of them was the pork tenderloin with sausage. The pork looked like it was cooked to perfection and anything that comes with a side of sausage is a-OK in my book.
The reason I'm giving this place 3 instead of 4 stars is because I felt the portions were a little small, or at least a little bit off. My dish absolutely should have had more mashed potatoes than it did. The other reason is because this restaurant is small, and I would have hated to be anyone else in the restaurant at the time that our big group was there, just because there's no way to get away from it all. If someone else is loud, you're going to hear it. There's no privacy, really.
That being said, I'd go back again. But I wouldn't leave without dessert!I could have made sweet sweet love to my jerusalem artichoke soup last night. the atmosphere was great, the service was fantastic, and the food was out of control delicious.Sonata is a truly amazing restaurant, and I cannot recommend it more highly.   Chef Mark Tropea has created a wonderful and innocative menu and all of our party were delighted with every aspect of the meal.   The butternut squash soup is fantastic -- so good it should be sold by prescripton only.   The salmon was great, the short ribs are to die for, and the bacon-wrapped chicken with Mark's grandmother's stuffing is comfort food at it's best.   Desserts were also delicious -- the pecan torte with pear sorbet was magnificent.    This is a great restaurant by any standard.  Do not miss it!Sonata was fantastic. The Executive chef is a 2002 graduate of The Restaurant School, which me and my girlfriend are also an alumni of. We got to try the fall menu and they even offered us complimentary wine since we didn't bring our own. I thought that was a very nice touch. We were the only ones in the place on a Thursday night. The chef came out and talked to us after our meal, which was really cool. He explained that week nights are slow, but they are packed on the weekends. 
I got the Crispy Pork Belly appetizer and The Salmon entree.   My girlfriend got the Potato Leek Soup and the Lobster Mac & Cheese. All of them were really good, but I my salmon was a little overcooked. The sauces on each dish were what really shine. The presentation on every dish was really amazing too. 
I hope this place does well and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a nice BYOB in the NoLibs area.This was our first visit to the northern liberties area byob's.  From all the reviews I expected a special place. Decor is ok.  There were quite a few large groups so we were seated in a corner which was quite uncomfortable.  We asked to be moved to a window which was nice to see the street scene.  Apps were artichoke soup, tasty and fois gras, which was warm and cold.  Not to good, should be served hot.  Dinner was salmon with sprouts, good but I can make better. Spinach pie, tasted like it had been microwaved and was crusty.  Dessert was the choclate combo - ok but nothing to write home about.  Felt dinner should be much better based on prices.The food was good.  Awesome pork belly.  However, the decor of this place is so bad, I almost couldn't stand it.  Black and red?!  And the baby picture in the bathroom.  Seriously, wtf.  This place just looks too crazy to be fine dining.  If I were blind, easy 4 stars.  But I am not and though food is 75%, decor, atmosphere, and service make up for the remaining 25 and that just was not there.Very good... but not as amazing as I feel others boast it to be.
Service - 5.0 - Easily
Ambiance - 3.5 - quaint/quiet yes... but quite bland
Drinks - n/a byob
Apps - 1.0 - These were the tiniest slivers of food I have ever seen!!! We ordered 4 plates for a party of 7... and  "sharing" was not even an option.
Main Course - 4.0 - Unlike the Apps these were at least fairly decent in size, but some were lacking in flavor or too much.
Lobster Pie - 5.0 - Father and sister devoured them!
Short Ribs - 4.0 - My husband (the king of flavor) felt they were lacking
Trout - 3.5 - I LOVE salty things, but the combo with ham, verts&chokes and vinaigrette made this quite the salt lick
Lamb - 4.5 - Mother and Brother greatly enjoyed
Dessert - 5.0 - We ordered 3 plates of the chocolate decadence and it was fabulous!  They were even kind enough to bring my mothers with a nice birthday message and sang!  I didn't think it was the place for that, but they encouraged us. LOL.LOVE THIS PLACE!
OK Yelpers, just not sure about some of the spotty reviews that have gone before, especially those that mention meager portions or that the food was not so flavorful. TOTALLY NOT our experience!  We led out with the salad with goat cheese along with the scallops appetizer.  (We're friendly people - we share everything!)  Each was VERY tasty.  The scallops were tender and accompanied by greens as well in a sauce that escapes me now.  We ended up splitting the spare ribs, and granted - we'd rather eat well and judiciously, rather than waddle out the door feeling bloated, but even splitting an entree sent us away happy and satiated.  That also left room for the pumpkin creme brulee topped with a pumpkin seed brittle - FABULOUS.
And oh... did I mention they DO take credit cards (thank you!) and NO fee for corkage!
We had another engagement later in the evening, so we had the first Open Table seating at 5:00 pm on a Saturday night.  Had the place mostly to ourselves until almost 6:00 pm.  (Nice music mix piped in - though a little on the load side for an empty dining room!)  By the time we left, they were pretty much full!  (Maybe seating for 50 or so ... maybe.)  
Our waiter was very pleasant and made great suggestions from the menu (including a decisive vote for the pumpkin brulee.)  Then out came the chef (Marc, I think?) just to make sure we were enjoying our meal and everything was OK.  We told him we were fastidiously working our way through the list of Philadelphia BYOBs and this one is going right to the top of our list!  He seemed genuinely pleased.
This is a foodie place where the portions are NOT served by the pound.  If you're that hungry, better find an Outback.  But if you want a sharp and classy atmosphere where you can sit and have a real conversation over great food and your favorite own bottle - this is it!  GO!  (Sorry - a little excited there - but we like it A LOT!)Maybe I was expecting more based on all the great reviews, but I wasn't entirely impressed. I had dinner here for the first time a few nights ago. Reservation was for 8:30pm and we were seated right away. 
Service - 2 stars: Our wine was opened shortly after being seated by someone who was not our waiter, but stated our waiter would be on his way over soon. Service was slow. I'm all for leisurely dining, but we'd already finished a glass of wine before our appetizers arrived. Maybe our waiter was just having an off day, but he seemed bored and aloof. Almost like he was annoyed by our presence. I'm not a fan of overexcited, up-your-ass servers, but come on, at least make us feel welcome. 
Food - 3.5 stars: They started us out with a rosemary bun with sea salt baked into it. It was very good but it would have been better warm. I had the crispy pork belly for my appetizer: perfectly crispy on top, deliciously fatty in the middle and tender on the bottom. My bf got the scallop appetizer. And I do mean "scallop" as in one. One scallop for $10 is kind of ridiculous. I didn't even ask for a bite because one bite = the entire appetizer. I had the lobster pot pie for my entree. It was very good, but pretty salty (as in I-drank-my-entire-glass-of-water-in-3-gulps-after-eating-it salty). There was a generous amount of perfectly tender lobster plus edamame, morell mushrooms, leeks and new potatoes. For dessert, I had the pistachio cake. It was ok, nothing memorable. 
Decor - 3 stars: I'm not an interior design snob, but the Ikea chairs were not comfortable at all and the black & red color scheme made me feel like I was in some bachelor pad apartment. I did like the darkness/candlelight though. 
Overall, Sonata is a fairly pricey byob that seems to be hit-or-miss. I'd rather spend my money at some of the other byobs in the neighborhood (Modo Mio, Dmitri's, Koo Zee Doo).Excellent experience.  They handled our party of 18 with care and precision. The food was delicious, presented beautifully, and reasonably priced considering the high quality.7 of us went last night for my birthday.  Dinner was wonderful from start to finish.  Apps included the Fois Gras, Pork Belly, Frisee Salad absolutely divine from presentations to tastings.  Main courses included lobster Pot Pie served in a little pot with a light flaky top with large pieces of lobster a light sauce with edamame  and mushrooms.  YUM!!  Short Ribs were excellent and the Salmon was good.  We were a bit disappointed that they had sold out of the Veal Chop and only had 1 lobster dish.  We weren't able to try dessert as my husband had brought a birthday cake but the service was impeccable and the chef/owner Marc came out to say hi.  All in all dinner was great and we can't wait  to come back.Everyone said I would be happy with this place and they were right. I went here with the hubby on a Thursday evening and it was the perfect atmosphere to enjoy a birthday dinner. It wasn't too crowded, only about 5 tables, and we got a nice window seat. Our server was perfect, not over the top and not elusive. She brought us an  ice-bucket for our Saison and gave us plenty of time to browse the awesome menu selections. 
What to choose?! We went with the fois gras: seared foie gras / preserved black currant / brioche puree / cashew crumble. and the crispy pork belly: crispy pork belly / smoked tomato marmalade / compressed apple / calvados molasses. They were both so perfect. I asked the server to leave the menu at the table because I like to look over exactly what flavors are blowing my mind! That fois gras was so creamy and paired with the black currants- oh gosh, it was all just so good. The hubby was equally pleased with his crispy pork belly (something we haven't had much luck with in the past- at least now we know where to go when he's craving it!)
For entrees, I chose the butter poached lobster pot pie, while the hubby got the lamb loin. I think he made the better choice flavor wise, the roasted garlic couscous and curried sauce with the carrots and fava beans was perfection. My lobster was good, combined with the puff pastry and edamame and leeks and new potatoes- quite the presentation when the server presents it. I think the lobster was lacking seasoning on purpose, but I would have liked it to have something with a little more punch.
The chef, Mark, made his rounds at the tables, which was a nice touch. All in all, a great experience. I wish I'd saved room for the chocolate decadence dessert and espresso- both of which I hear are great! Maybe next time!First, my visit to this place was way overdue.  I live in the neighborhood and had plans to go here twice over the winter only to get snowed out both times.  But I finally made it last week in the warmth of summer.  
We sat outside which is great because you are not sitting on a sidewalk abutting the street.  No exhaust fumes or cars streaming by.  The place is on the west side of Liberties Walk, right across the street from Brown Betty.  
The food was great.  Started with the scallops as an appetizer.  They were sliced very thin and flavored very nicely.  Others had the gazpacho which they said was fantastic -- served with some kind of flavored sherbert.
I had the lobster mac and cheese which is not mac and cheese at all.  It's real lobster tail served on some fat pasta noodles.  It's REALLY good.  I was expecting something like they have at Continental but this was a real dish prepared by a real chef.  I highly recommend it.  
For dessert we had an assortment of things but my favorite was the chocolate platter which had like three different chocolate things.  I was not a fan of the shortcake thing with some kind of custard.
I haven't been to Koo Zee Doo yet but this place is the best restaurant in the neighborhood bar that I have been to.  Really fine cuisine.  Great service.  Nice space.  I feel bad that it took me so long to get there.  I highly recommend it.This place is incredible.  I had made a reservation for 18 people for my girlfriends birthday, and it turned out to be 25 people. No problem.  Even though it is a small place, they were so accomodating. 
The wait staff is so friendly and service was absolutely astounding for a group that large.  The food was great and not a crumb was left on anyone's plate.  The chef even came out at the end to ask us about the food and say hi.  Great atmosphere and I would go back for the stellar service alone.I am a very uncouth eater but have been trying to expand my palette so took a Groupon to this pricey joint and had a feast.
Service:
Excellent. The waiter was able to explain everything in great detail and I couldn't even have an unfilled glass if I tried -- lightning fast with refills!
Location:
Love Liberty Walk. Really quaint -- simple and cozy, yet elegant.
Food:
Chanced at my first Foie Gras -- I think I just couldn't get over the knowledge of what Foie Gras is. My comrade at the meal loved it though but I definitely wouldn't advice is to my counterparts with equally meek palettes. 
The Short Rib was AMAZING. No need to describe it -- ORDER THIS WITHOUT THINKING!
The chicken encrusted baconamajig was also very good but I can't stop thinking about that short rib.
Get desert! You won't regret it.
 Avoid that after dinner chocolate that comes with the receipt. Completely wiped away the wonderful taste left in my mouth from desert and replaced it with a sad bitterness :*(.Delicious but nothing special...
The quality of the food was great, but the menu options didn't surprise me at all.  They are typical, Philly byob food ... limited and not-so-out-of-the-box in terms of creativity.
Didn't love the IKEA glass and dishware -- that is SUCH a turnoff in a restaurant.  Also, the service was extremely fast...was in and out of the restaurant in one hour flat, even though we had each ordered our own appetizer and entree.
So yes, while the food tasted delicious, nothing stands out from this byob as being different than others -- though I'm hoping the chef will change this over time.We had a great meal at Sonata! Great addition to the BYO scene in Philly. We ordered the scallops and the lobster crepe for our apps and then had the salmon and the crusted tuna. Everything was delicious, with such attention to detail! Much more laid back vibe than other byos in Philly..a nice change!I had a late brunch here with my dad on Sunday before heading to the Cash Poor Art Show. (God, how white and middle class are we? Very, apparently.) The service was outstanding, though that may have been due to the fact that we were only one of two parties there. Nevertheless, the servers were enthusiastic and really nice, and the executive chef came out to ask us how our meal went.
The staff were all so nice and eager that we didn't really have the heart to tell them we'd best describe the food as "meh." There weren't a ton of vegetarian options on the brunch menu, except for the breakfast options. 2 of the 3 salads, 2 of the 3 sandwiches, and all of the entrees had meat or fish in them. I ended up getting the omelet du jour, which had red and green peppers and cheddar cheese, while my dad opted for the seared tuna nicoise salad. My omelet was smaller than expected, but luckily I wasn't super hungry. The big downer was the bread that came with my eggs - I ordered wheat toast, expecting some crusty artisan whole grain or something similar. What I got was, I'm pretty sure, two slices of barely-toasted Stroehmann's wheat. My dad's salad looked really good, but he didn't like it too much. He said the tuna, though seared, was cold, and that the salad wasn't as fresh as he expected. We didn't get dessert, but the table next to ours did and it looked fabulous.
I may come back again for dinner to see if this was a fluke, but I wasn't super thrilled with the food. The staff were a delight and I liked the clean space and the classic rock playing at a nice low volume, but the food just didn't live up to my expectations.High quality meal at a reasonable price. The chocolate's after the meal are unbelievable... so good i bought a couple boxes. Love the walk and piazza area - free parking with lots to do and places to check out.I must say that I was pleasantly disappointed with Sonata, a bit of a paradox,pleasant because the environment was calm and relaxed, service was excellent. Disappointed due to the fact that the menu was very ho hum, not creative and the cooking of my dish was very poorly executed, I must say the other diners did enjoy their meal but, I may be a bit more critical. Given the up and the downside, the downside rules and I would not dine at this restaurant again.I have been to Sonata 3 times, and really like it.  The food is good and the desserts are excellent.  The service is also great.  It is nice to go out somewhere when they make you feel like your patronage is appreciated.This is my teaching assistant's restaurant from CCP, so I have to write something good!
We (my class and i) all came here after our trip to New York for the restaurant show.
The food was amazing! Even the rolls- I could go on and on on just the rolls! The meal itself, spare ribs, was delicious! The soup was amazing, the entree, the dessert- pumpkin cheesecake- was delicious!!! 
Cute little place, could use a little more atmosphere or maybe just be painted a different colour... and the portions were a little small, but I guess that can just be chalked up to the "fine dining" thing. 
Still, very very delicious and worth coming back!Yelp keeps taking this review down and I dont know why.  Here i go again:   
Portions are beyond small.  Food is good tasting; best thing on the menu is the lobster mac n cheese -- but again, for $25+, its SMALL.  The waitstaff and chef were very very nice, but they did get us in there and out within a short period of time, which doesnt mix with the vibe of the place.  If I am going to spend what I spent on a dinner there, it should last three hours and I should be very full.  In sum: very expensive, food quality good but not worth the price for my taste.  The feeling of the place is pleasant and warm, but its called Sonata right?  So wouldnt there be classical music playing or something... sonata-like?  Maybe a paino?  A quartet?  Instead.... Kings of Leon was playing.  I like the band alright, but it didnt really mesh with the rest of the ambiance.  I have heard amaaazing things about this restaurant but unfortunately, although I had a good time, I dont think I will be going back ever again.  The staff were adorable but the food didnt seem worth the dough.  Restaurants like this (Solvalo, Copper, etc) dont do well in this hood because the portions are too small, the service a little too white-table and the price is too high, even for the type of crown NoLibs attracts these days.  Oh and the review about the Ikea plates... I think the tables and chairs were from there too.  The chairs are fairly uncomfortable.This is one of the best meals we have had in Philly. 
A Groupon led us to this gem in NoLibs. The service was impeccable, and the food was divine. 
We had the pork belly as an appetizer and almost passed out with glee at the table. You can tell that every detail has been catered to. From the homemade rolls to the roasted garlic olive oil (definitely a tasty tidbit to spread on the rosemary roll), we thoroughly enjoyed every part of this meal. 
My husband ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese. The lobster was poached beautifully and the fresh pappardelle noodles melted in your mouth. I ordered the short ribs and reveled in the perfectly composed plate. 
You can tell when a restaurant has heart and soul. It was great to meet the chef and applaud the staff's efforts. We cannot wait to go back!Amazing restaurant!!!  Parking may be an issue but the menu is well worth a short walk. You don't know what you are missing. And the fact that it is a byob is a plus. It is also located in such an up and coming area. Hosted a bridal shower here and it was amazing. Our guests can't stop talking about it. You will not be disappointed.Great little BYOB in Northern Liberties that you might just walk by and not notice unless you were looking for it. I came here with my boyfriend after reading some good reviews on Yelp. I will say whoever said they wanted to make love to their Jerusalem artichoke soup, I second that! It was soooo good. By far the best soup I've ever had and I never get excited about soup. After the soup I had the short ribs, which were perfectly tender. Definitely a dish for the meat and potatoes lover. My boyfriend had the duck pastrami, when put together reminded me of mini reuben sandwiches with the thousand island dressing and rye chips. For an entree he had the grilled pork tenderloin, which I kind of wished I had picked because I liked it a little better than my short ribs, but oh well. Then finally we had the chocolate decadence for dessert which was the perfect size dessert for what we needed. We also each had cappuccinos which came with a cute little chocolate chip biscotti. Yum!
Overall, I think the  portions were a good size to leave you feeling satisfied, but not stuffed.
Our waiter was very helpful with answering any questions we had and I think he did a great job. I really liked this place and would love to try another on of their seasonal menus in the future.Went for dinner last night with some friends, including a chef instructor who knew Chef Owner Mark Tropea.
We almost tried every item on the menu between the 6 of us. The highlights for appetizers included the sous vide pork belly which had a crisp skin yet melted in your mouth, lobster crepes with delicate freshly made crepes. 
Entree highlights included a massive portion of Braised short ribs (prepared sous vide and then finished in the oven with some demi glace), perfectly moist salmon, and the popular lobster Mac & cheese which is rich yet light and very flavorful.
We ordered all the desserts on the menu which were interesting - in a good way. Pastry chef Krystal Weaver really has some gems here such as the Passion fruit pana cotta with fresh jersey corn, fig tart with lemon ice cream, fresh sorbets including a blood orange and basil, chocolate decadence which included chocolate beignet.
The food, service and ambiance were great and I am sure we will be back soon. The short ribs egg benedict on the brunch menu is calling me.This restaurant was a huge disappointment. I've read the other reviews and I'm not sure if they were just having an off night or if my standards are too high...
The rolls we were given after we ordered were good, but warm rolls were expected. We ordered Duck Confit Risotto, Foie Gras and the Cheese Tart for apps. The first two were good, at best. The Risotto was a nice size dish and the Foie Gras was good as well. Sadly, the Cheese Tart was literally nothing more then a cold, cracker sized pastry with some goat cheese crumbled on top. It was so small that the pear slices that accompanied it were much larger than the tart itself.  When it was placed on the table, I thought to myself, "Seriosuly, are you kidding?" So disappointing and kind of pretentious.
The entrees we got were the Lobster Mac-n-Cheese, Braised Short Rib, Pork Chop and the Salmon. The pork chop was the winner of the bunch. The Lobster Mac-n-Cheese looked like it had sat out a little while - the cheese had started to congeal a bit. The salmon looked OK (I didn't try it), but it was a rather flat piece of fish, not the nicest cut. The ritsotto that it came with was good. Sadly, the Braised Short Rib was a big flop. Short Ribs should be extrememly tender meat that shred apart with your fork. I had to saw mine with a knife. Not what one expects when they order this dish. This was, by far, the worst I've ever had. I didn't finish it and when asked if I wanted to take it home I told the waitress "no thank you" because "I didn't care for it." She got a little snippy and said, "Excuse me. You didn't like it?" As if I had just personally insulted her or something.
Two minutes later the chef came out to ask if everything was good. We explained our expectations with the short ribs and he just looked shocked...how could someone not like his dish!?! Well, sorry dude, it wasn't good. At this point, any respectable restauranteur would have offered to take the dish off our bill or give a dessert on the house. We didn't get either.
A small note about our server...kind of snobby. She seemed nice enough at first, but got snippy and looked annoyed as the meal progressed. When dining at a BYO, I expect good food and warm service. I experienced neither of these at Sonata. I think the chef is talented, but some dishes need work and some staff need to get a better attitude. 
This restaurant will not survive if it does not fix itself. The entire time we were there (2 hours), there was only two other tables dining. Maybe everyone else already experienced Sonata and aren't returning - like me.