I come here from time to time when I'm itching for a gyro.  It's made pretty well here and i always leave satisfied.  (random side note: refills on soda aren't free here)
The service is good enough.  The staff is a bit curt.  Not to the point that they are rude, but you don't really get the warm fuzzies if you know what I mean.
The funny thing is i am now in the habit of calling them to see if they're open before i go.  Why, you ask?  Well, they seem to like their vacations, god bless them.  There was a point a while ago when i went on three separate occasions and every time it was closed!  This is no knock on them.  Owning a small business is hard, especially if you are in the restaurant business.  but a seemingly unpredictable vacation calendar = me calling them before i head over.South Street Souvlaki, at one time, was decent, reliable, and, if nothing else, cheap. After my wife and I had dinner there this week, it is neither decent or reliable, but it is still cheap. I ordered a lamb souvlaki platter (their namesake) and my wife had the moussaka. The waitress informed me that lamb was not available. That should have been the obvious red flag, but I persisted and foolishly ordered it with beef. The resulting souvlaki was, without a doubt, the worst I've ever had the misfortune of eating (actually I stopped midway feeling downright unwell). The meat was not only tough and full of gristle, but was, if that's not enough, tasteless. My wife also said the moussaka was not only tasteless, but had an odd, somewhat nauseating quality. She also stopped midway through. We left the restaurant feeling queasy. Later, she really did become ill from the meal.
Another modest culinary landmark bites the increasingly bitter dust of Philadelphia's South Street. AlasGreat place to grab lunch for under $10 on south street an option that doesn't include pizza or everything fried only!!
The chicken kabob wrap is my go to!! It is packed which makes it a little tricky to eat but worth it! The pita is warm and the yogurt sauce seems like a pretty healthy condiment!It was way better when it first opened many years ago.  Food is consistently above average to good.  Service is another thing.....  Suggest that you eat at the small bar if you are single or a couple, because the bartender is usually more friendlier and capable than the servers.  Take out available in separate entrance to the left.  Highly recommend their shish kabob or gyro for good filling Greek fast food under $10.All I can say is lamb gyro! Thought I might need 2 only could eat 1...they shave the meat right from a hanging roast straight to the grilleFirst time trying a souvlaki and I was pleasantly pleased :)
This is a great lunch spot for you to grab something on the go. It is very hot inside and there isn't much seating. I love that they even have a to-go window so you can just stand on the streets and take a look around while they finish up making the food.
The ingredients tasted very fresh and the meat had a great charred flavor. There was a bit too much yogurt but it was still very good. Oh, and the warm soft pita bread is YUMM!
I'll definitely come back and try some of their other meats also.Best Greek in philly.  Have tried other places and they failed to compare. 
the gyro is incredible!!!This place came highly recommend from a local and it was worth visiting. I had the sampler plate for appetizer. Everything was delicious. Their gyro was excellent. The server recommend adding jalapeños to the gyro and I loved the kick, but I love spicy food. Great service. Great food. If I am in the area I will definitely visit.The stuffed peppers with feta and chicken? Soooo good. melt-in-your mouth good.Cool little Greek restaurant and right at a prime location on South Street. It's got a to-go counter or a dine-in section. Decided to do the dine-in and started with the saganaki appetizer. The cheese was sizzling hot and delicious. Was given a hearty portion of pita to accompany the cheese. Ordered the chicken gyro for my main dish. Wish there was more chicken and a slightly softer pita but overall very solid. Waitress was friendly. Felt a little rushed to leave after finishing meal even though no one was waiting to be seated. FYI cash only (no credit card - a little inconvenient). Would likely come back and eat here again.My lady and I just moved to the area from Astoria, NY. We were on South Street and needed a little something to hold us over until we went to dinner at another restaurant. Boy oh boy are we glad we chose South Street Souvlaki. The food was incredible to say the least! The service and ambiance was stellar as well. Tom the owner, a friendly and charismatic man, was on the premises and made it a point to introduce himself. Not only did he make us feel welcome and comfortable, but he was very proud to give us a sampling of the evenings dinner special. In short, eating at SSS was a great experience from beginning to end. If the smile I wore for the remainder of the day was any indication. I foresee us frequenting South Street Souvlaki for many many years to come. We never did go to that other restaurant...DO NOT EAT HERE! DO NOT EAT HERE! UNSANITARY! DANGEROUS TO YOUR HEALTH! Was that enough to get your attention?
I came here to get take-out lunch at around 12:00 PM on 7/1/2011. I stood in the window order area waiting for my food and watch, TO MY HORROR, as the chef took the tongs which he was using to pick up EVERYTHING and hung them OVER THE SIDE OF THE TRASH CAN.
These tongs were used to pick up all meats (lamb and chicken specifically) as well as topping (lettuce, onion etc...) At one point he took them OFF OF THE SIDE OF THE TRASH CAN and plunked them DOWN INTO THE LETTUCE BIN.
I have taken photographs of this as evidence which I will upload here to Yelp in a moment.
DO NOT PUT YOUR HEALTH AT RISK BY DINING AT THIS DISGUSTING ESTABLISHMENT.I LOVE this place. I usually get a lamb gyro from here. I also tried the pork and chicken kebobs sandwich or just the kebob with the warm pita and the turlo. It's all delicious. I definitely have to come back to try more of their food. It looks so good every time I come in.This is a great place to enjoy your home style Greek favorites. If you don't have any you will sampling this places menu. The place is quaint and reasonably priced for quality cooked food from scratch dishes. The staff is extremely friendly and the owner is hands on to ensure your experience is no less than excellent.I've been going here for years. Every time I am in Philly I stop here for a gyro and a piece of baklava! The gyros are the best around! Their tzatziki sauce is thick and tasty and filled with chucks of cucumbers.  You have not had a gyro until you've had one from here. It will ruin you for anywhere else! 
They also have other authentic greek cuisine here that is just as good but I just will not go anywhere else for a gyro!I crave this place weekly!
Love eating a messy gyro from here, just tried the stuffed peppers with chicken- it was bangin!
best of philly it is!!!South Street Souvlaki has been on South Street since the beginning of time.  Well actually it started in 1977 so practically the beginning of time.  It has both an eat-in dining room or a take-out area.  Your choice.  The food the restaurant is named for, they do excellently here - the Souvlaki sandwich. It is very large and even tastier if you add some hot peppers to it.  I also like the Avgolemono soup.  It was a flavorful combination of chicken, broth, lemon, and egg.  There is a lot to see that is hanging on the walls of the main dining room.  What didn't I like?  The TV behind me in the bar area that was on a channel talking about the recent US Presidential election.  It was too loud, no one wanted to hear it.  We wanted to eat ... and maybe hear some Greek music!This place would get 4 stars, if it wasn't for one thing.  They close for a full month every 2-3 months it seems ("renovations" that don't ever seem apparent, vacation, etc).  The food is very good.  The Greek meatballs are always juicy and tender, and most platters come with a big helping of rice and some the best roasted potatoes you've ever put in your mouth.
The gyros are fairly good, also, but I'd have to say that the Kebab House is a better choice nowadaysI'm absolutely obsessed with the atmosphere in here. The restaurant has been here for over 30 years as has a lot of staff and they are so friendly and welcoming! The food- all Greek/Mediterranean- was very flavorful but a little bit on the pricy side for the portion size. I got the Turlu (stewed vegetables) with hummus and it was fantastic. They didn't have much more than that for gluten free options but that was definitely sufficient for lunch. The coffee wasn't so great- I would probably pass on it next time. They also have a fairly large bar that takes a significant portion of the dining area so I'm sure the place has a tendency to get packed on weekends. 
If you're looking for takeout, make sure to go in the takeout entrance one door down.My boyfriend and I were just walking down South Street when we found this place. What first caught my attention was the flicker of open flames through the front window. Seeing that it was a Greek restaurant, I became really excited because my mom always told me about the freshly roasted gyro meat at the Reading Terminal Market (which, sadly, exists no longer). So we crossed the street to take a closer look, walking by slowly. Turns out the flames were cooking rows of chickens, rotating slowly in the heat. It was still the afternoon, but we marked the spot and returned later.
There is seating inside, but you can also order from the window, which is what we did. They have a pretty extensive menu of Greek fare, and we ordered the Gyro Platter to share ($12.96 with tax). The food was ready quickly, and as we waited, I watched them shave the gyro meat off the spits. We took our food elsewhere to eat.
We got a warm pita wrapped in foil, and a styrofoam box of gyro meat, tzatziki sauce, rice, and stewed vegetables. Everything was delicious. The veggies were  tender and minimally seasoned, which I enjoyed. The rice was a little soft (which might have been because it was a few minutes before we ate it) but aromatic. The meat was great--the contrast between the harder outer skin and the inside was fantastic. It was subtly seasoned and had a great consistency. I can only describe it as drier than what I'm used to, but in a good way. The sauce went beautifully with it, and the pita was yummy, too.
I can't wait to return to try their gyro sandwich, and I know my mom really wants to try their Greek coffee!I love gyros and this place has a darned good one.  The meat is briefly grilled after cutting from the spit so it has a lightly charred taste and texture.  Delightful.  I also had the pastitsio which came with really tender quarter potatoes.  I prefer the ground beef to have a bit more seasoning but I think that might be preference.  Something tells me they know what they're doing more than me.We had an amazing meal here! You absolutely must get the appetizer sampler. Warm pita with hummus, babaganoush and a bunch of other delicious spreads! We almost licked the plate clean!
My boyfriend got a gyro. Nothing special, but still very delicious. My meal was out of this world! Eggplant stuffed with tomatoes and onions with other veggies on the side. The flavor of the eggplant was so sweet and unique, it was unlike anything i had ever eaten before. The other vegetables were seasoned very differently, but equally delicious. I forced myself to stop eating so i could enjoy it the next day!
We will definitely try this place again, although it will be very hard to not get the same thing!Ate here on 12/29 while visiting family.  Went in for a light lunch and was hit with the most delicious , yummy Greek meal!! Better than any food I had eaten in Greece. Service was awesome too. Had the Vegetable Platter.One of my favorite restaurants in the city, for sure.
Their tzatzki appetizer is absolutely delicious. Homemade bread, warm pita. I can never get enough.
I always order vegetarian when I'm eating greek. The greek salad is great. The small size is enough if you order an appetizer. My friends who order the gyros and meat entrees also say they're amazing.
Be careful when ordering drinks though. They don't have free refills on all their drinks. And they are closed on Mondays and 1 or 2 months of the year, so don't be disapointed if you go and they're closed.
All in all, I try to go at LEAST once a month.We took dinner dinner out from here. My finance at their gyro and I had the lentil soup and Greek salad (reasonably priced). We both really liked it and will return soon. Their takeout side is where you can see the food that they make...most of it looked really good!I've eaten at this restaurant under two occasions: once while loitering on a sunny day on south street, and another while going to south street specifically to eat dinner at S. Street Souvlaki.  Under both circumstances, the former being a "to go" event and the latter being a "dine in" event, the food was superb. From the "to go" window I had a lamb gyro. The best gyro I've ever had anywhere in the world. YES better than the gyro's they serve in the Jewish District in Paris. For the "dine in" experience: my buddy and I ordered the cold appetizer sampler, and literally every thing on the plate was wiped clean with the warm and fresh pita bread.  The flavors were fresh, eclectic and unique with each appetizer sample. Then came the swordfish for the main event:  AMAZING. I had no idea that a restaurant on south street in the heart of the shenanigans could be considered a foodies' spot. But make no mistake this restaurant makes me strongly consider this place the best Greek in Philadelphia. It definitely beats out Zorba's on Fairmount (not that Zorba's is bad it's just overpriced for the quality) and Dimitri's (however Dimitri's does offer a different type of dining experience - Dimitri's a bit more swanky - see my Dimitri's review). Goof place for a quality meal and good for groups. BTW the familial presence is definitely adds to the authenticity and hospitality.Yummy and Delicious! 
We didn't think they had indoor seating as it looks like a "to-go" only place from the sidewalk. We walked in, passed the long to-go order counter and in the rear was a door leading to a comfortable dining room. 
After being seated, we perused the menu and both of us commented on how reasonable the prices are. My partner ordered the Chicken Kabob and I ordered the Pork Souvlaki. Both of our meals were served over rice with asparagus along with pita on the side. 
It's obvious the servers have worked there for years. They were a bit on the gruff side, but not in a bad way. The service was fairly good overall, and our server cracked a smile when I responded to a question with a silly answer. 
The food was quite delicious and flavorful. The amazing thing was that dinner for two including two glasses of wine and an iced tea came to only about $40. We are still new to Philly and are thrilled to add another tasty place to our list of neighborhood dining options.My favorite go-to place in the city for a gyro!! I've been coming here for at least 8 years!! It doesn't look fancy from the outside but inside is a very nice and cozy restaurant with a great family feel.... The food is always phenomenal! OR get it to go.... My husband and I regularly get a gyro from the window and walk south street with it.... So fantastically good!The best greek food! The best hummus, pita chips, and pork kabob were all fabulous! Great spot!Lovely neighborhood spot that makes everyone feel welcome. I sat at the bar as I was dining solo and the very like-able Bartender was good company as I enjoyed Beets & Skordalia with a glass of Greek Retsina wine. I noticed they have Dinner Specials for Two. Also, this is the kind of place where you can enjoy your meal and take your time enjoying it. Rumor has it that their Avegolemeno Soup is the BEST in Philadephia...they only serve it in the Winter, try it!Theee best Gyros in philly! Its been my go to spot since 2005 and its always worth the visitMy dad used to go to this place back in the day, and whenever he stops by in the city to hang out for a bit we more often than not head over to South Street Souvlaki. All the food is quality, well-prepared, and very affordable. I recommend the gyro platter, the roasted chicken, the mezze dips w/ grilled pita, and the green beans in a tomato and carrot based sauce. You really can't go wrong if you're in the mood for some Greek food. OPA! Enjoy!Solid quick food! I ordered the grilled chicken salad and hummus a few minutes ahead by phone and it was ready within 5 minutes. A definite spot if your looking for high quality takeout!There's a window on south street for ordering/take out, but I ate inside. Not sure what the Bistro is, it was confusing, we were on the first floor which I guess is just the normal restaurant. Not much to look at, in need of some real updating, but delicious food! 
Got the Greek salad, the dressing is so yummy, and got the hummus & felafel, also so delicious and fresh. Food came so quickly, it was great. Also had the lamb gyro and the chicken gyro plate (which comes with rice/veggies) and both were good portions and tasted fresh. I would highly recommend it, and will be going back!This place has been on South Street for over 30 years for a reason, Tom runs a tight ship.  The food is cooked exactly the same EVERY visit, so you know it'll always be delicious.  The staff doesn't have much of a turn-around, it's mainly the same people there for years and years.  They're downright experts at this by now.  I used to work there years ago, so I can attest to the cleanliness of the kitchen.
What's good to eat?  When I ate meat, I never went a week without getting a gyro sandwich from the take-out window.  Vegetarians should know that their baba ganoush is the best I've EVER eaten....EVER!  Also, their tzatziki is very tasty and makes the falafel sandwich wonderful.  Eating in, make sure you try the $33 couple deal that everyone else has mentioned.  The octopus salad, peasant salad, and avgolemono soup were some of my favorites from past visits.I came in here a while back on a slow day.  The decor is decent, nothing remarkable, though I did see some cheesy paintings on the wall. There was plenty of seating in both areas of the restaurant.
I ordered the chicken souvlaki and a greek salad. The salad tasted ok, but it didn't have a lot of vegetables in it and the chunks of feta were on the small side. The chicken souvlaki came out next. The chicken was ok, but the sauce was pretty flavorless.
Service was mediocre at best. I spent half the meal waiting for the waitress to come back and refill my water glass after my first glass, which was a little ridiculous given that there were only two tables occupied at the time.
Reading the reviews, it seems like I came on a bad day. I might go back and see if its any better at some point.Just finish my lunch and Boy I just had to yelp this. I am so in love wit their hummas. It has a great taste and consistance, Umm Umm good! I had ordered takeout the portions are pretty generous. You have to love the slogan" If you can not controll your children please do not patronage our restuarant. I love it. I am such an evil personI always get the chicken kabob when I eat here. The food is fresh and tasty. Atmosphere light, roomy and clean. I've always had a good meal here and the staff is friendly and prices fair.This place was superb! I stopped in for dinner a few weeks ago or so almost on accident. I wanted to grab a bite before heading to the TLA and was walking around south street. I had heard good things so I came in and ordered a gyro and spanikopita. Both were super delicious. Especially the gyro. That meat was terrific! Super juicy, well seasoned and perfect proportions of veggies and a tangy tzatziki. The best v I've had on the east coast, no doubt. I was very pleasantly surprised. I expected it to be good, but was still surprised. The spanikopita was a little heavy on the grease, but still very good. 
I had heard it was a hole in the wall and I think they have a window where you can order to go, but we went in the restaurant and it was actually pretty nice issue. Service was spectacular too. Super speedy and attentive. Wish I lived closer. Definitely be back.I had an amazing dinner last night. For the first time, we did the two people for $33, and it definitely rekindled my South Street Souvlaki obsession.We had a ton of food, but orderd a second appetizer anyway. I don't know where else you can get a meal that inexpensive that is that delicious. The two of us had everything delicious that we wanted, left full, with leftovers, for $52 (including tip.) Lentil Soup, Greek Salad, Mussles, Tatziki and Pita, Moussaka with Turlu, Gyro Platter with Rice and Turlu, and Rice Pudding. Amazing.Yummy. Yummy gyros. Except their yummy gyros are slathered with tzatziki sauce which has disgusting cucumbers in it. Don't get me wrong, I love tzatziki sauce, & I'm an equal opportunity eater, but cucumbers just don't do it for me. Soft pita bread filled with generous amounts of gyro meat, lettuce, onions, & the meat was delicious, soft to the bite & so flavorful. At $6 for a gyro this is a great filling meal for a small price. Pass on the cheese fries, which were nothing special, but opt to try the baklava. South Street Souvlaki sure loves some sweet baklava, which seems like its smothered with honey & sugar. But I'm not complaining.Read some reviews on this place, and thought we'd give it a try because we really like Greek food.  For the food, this place is a mixed bag.  We had a group of us, and we shared a combination cold appetizer platter (hummus, spicy feta sauce, baba ganouch, etc....) which was primarily a lot of dips/spreads to put on pita bread.  We really enjoyed them all, which set us up with high expectations for the entrees.  Unfortunately, the entrees seemed to be mostly disappointing.  I had a platter with gyros & souvlaki (had to try them both), while others in our group had just gyros, or the spanakopita, or vegetarian stuffed tomatoes.  The gyros tasted very processed, and very bland.  Not much flavor to them at all. The souvlaki was better than the gyros, but still was not very flavorful.  At least it was not processed tasting.  The spanakopita and the stuffed tomatoes were okay, but nothing to make you want to come back.  It's unfortunate, because this place has a lot going for it.  It's location on South Street, and it's a really cool looking place, with the take out window up front on the street.  If you walk in, and go by the kitchen (which has some really good aromas, by the way), you'll end up in a small, cozy dining area.  It just has a very cool, comfortable feeling to it.  And the wait staff were excellent.  Very friendly & attentive, and took good care of us.  If they could work on having much better food, this place would be awesome.I have gone to south at souvlaki for all my twenty years in Philadelphia.  If offers consistently high quality.  It isnt fine dining but friendly and the ingredients are always high quality.   The kitchen doesn't use short cuts and the food is delicious.  It is good for and good value.  I was intrigued when I saw a notice in the paper about south at souvlaki bistro opening.  It was described as tapas style food.  
The bistro chef is Jorge who says the menu will change depending on ingredients.  The first night there were about six appetizers and four or five main courses.  They are small plates but divided up that way.  Two dishes is adequate for small appetites.  Three will be required for larger appetites.  The food was delicious.  The dishes are more mexican than Spanish but the octopus was extremely tender, the lechon was a layered marvel of spicing.  I had a mushroom flatbread that was very nice but not as nuanced as the mexican dishes.
Although not present on that first night, they plan live music in an adjacent room.  I think this little histor is a nice addition to south street.  I'll definitely go back.When my people from other Philly parts come 'round they're always lookin for a gyro. Seriously. It's like they stop by, listen to music, mill about for a while and then suggest, "Hey you two wanna get gyros?" I'm beginning to feel like a pit-stop. Or pita stop. Hurrff. I notice that nobody's comin to visit on Mondays. Mondays when South Street Souvlaki is closed. I noticed.
These four stars are dedicated to South Street Souvlaki's gyros. From the take out window to the street, I get the piled-high with black peppery gyro meat gyro. L/T/O and tzatziki. It's their consistently delicious thing. Maybe a little heavy on the onions. I always take a lot off. It's like an entire onion. I'm always like, "whoa, lotta onions there."
 So I'd recommend the gyro. If you run off all willy-nilly you're on your own. 
Good ole reliable gyro... Thumbs up.South Street Souvlaki is the perfect place to grab something to eat if you like Greek food and reasonable prices. I personally like their falafel or feta sandwich with an order of their oven baked potatoes. I've been coming here for 20 years. What I noticed on my last visit is that they changed up their vegetarian platter. My sister and I split it and were not so happy that they changed this platter up. It no longer had 2 grape leaves, oven baked potatoes and the leek pie. Before the portions on this platter were much better. Now with the new changes, we were both disappointed. The food still tasted good though. I'll will continue to go there but probably won't get the vegetarian platter again.Was craving Greek food and decided to give this place a try. It was a good choice! Service was great and the food was too.
My fiance' had a gyro, and loved it. Meat was just right and the tzatziki was perfect. I had a bowl of the avgolemono soup, simply delicious. And we split the peasant salad, which was really good too... though I prefer mine chopped up a bit smaller. But it tastes the same either way I suppose! We split baklava for dessert and it was soooo good, and he had a greek coffee which he really enjoyed. We will be back, and with a bigger appetite next time to try some of the entrees! 
Also they have a vegan section on the menu which is always nice to see!This place is the best. We had a sampler of all their cold appetizers and each and every one of them was completely bafflingly outstanding. My wife's patstitsio and my falafel sandwich were drool-worthy as well.
Beyond even the food--the best Greek I've had in the city so far--the guys running the place were friendly and downright hilarious. We also got to sit at the very front of the house in the window to observe passers-by. Great experience.I don't understand the hype. The food was alright but the service left a bit to be desired. There was something in my cup but I felt uncomfortable enough to not even mention it.
There were 3 of us and they refused to split the check which was weird but whatever.
Meh. I wouldn't go again and I feel 3 stars is almost too many.So so so so so SO good! I had a lamb gyro...it was so amazingly juicy and mouthwateringly good! Eat here already! Stop looking through the reviews!I used to walk past this spot all the time when I was hungry. Big mistake. The gyro's here are BANGING. Good size and cheap. Before I'm about to get tipsy near south street I stop here and get the body ready!I've never dined in at South Street Souvlaki. I always get take-out. Who can resist this place when its wide windows are opened to the street on a warm day and the delicious smells are wafting? Mind you, the windows are closed these days since it's freezing out...But eating here makes me think of summer.
The guys sometimes seem slightly surly. Just be friendly. They're good, hard-working dudes and the food they make is unmatched. The gyro is the best gyro I've ever had. The tzatziki sauce is so good. I can also heartily recommend their excellent spanakopita and dolmades appetizers.The calamari is pretty great as well, very fresh and lightly breaded. If you order a gyro platter it comes with delicious sides of rice and stewed veggies. A large, filling amount of food and quite a good value for your money.
Get to South Street Souvlaki for some excellent Greek food! Only not if it's Monday. SSS is closed on Mondays.We live behind this wonderful place! My husband took me there on our first date! I cook at home mostly, but sometimes it's just nice to have Greek! Love this placeWhen you watch your bf inhale a gyro in less than 10 seconds, you know its a damn fine meal. He finished that thing twice as fast as it took me to eat a very small portion of frozen yogurt, and I was halfway done when he started! Reasonably priced, too, especially if you opt to eat at the counter like he did instead of going the way of table service. 
I love my Greeks! I have to go back and order myself - the classic Greek dips are calling me as I type. And if I can find a place that makes those spectacularly, and has some amazing authentic baklava, my Greek heart will be set for life.If you're looking for something decent with zero wait time, this is the place to go...BUT if you're looking for a romantic date, go elsewhere! The service was so fast we literally got our food as our drinks arrived and the "entree" stuffed grape leaves were more of an appetizer than a meal. I'm pretty sure we were in and out of there in 15 minutes, which wasn't really what we were looking for.
Also, we asked two restaurant staff members to recommend dishes,both of whom could not give us an answer...which was a first, in my experience!
The gyro platter was not phenomenal, but it's a fairly cheap place, so I guess you get what you pay for!Best food in All of Philadelphia.    Amazing juicy lamb chops.   Best fat Gyros.  The best buttery Orzo ever made.   The best buttery rice that's not too salty and perfectly tasty.   Fried Calamari to perfection.   The owner is amazingly nice and classy.   Staff is super friendly.  And nope, I don't have the munchies.The hours at this establishment are odd and they don't know how to properly package a gyro. The neat to lettuce ratio is always off and it is never consistent rather buy a gyro from a truck on the street for half the priceFood was ok for the price. My fries were a little burnt and unsalted. Service was ok. Nothing spectacular. Went on a weekday night and got seated right away which was nice and service was fast. Restaurant decor is nice. Overall though, I wouldn't visit again.I discovered this place way too long after moving to Philadelphia. On one side you have a walk-up spot for takeout and sandwiches, then on the other, a Greek diner with a small bar. Just imagine a Greek environment with total south Philly waitresses...what more could you want? The way to go, for me, is to order one or two of the samplers and go to town. The portions are large and the Greek staples are the way to go. The avgolemeno soup, while not the best I've had, hits the spot with a few extra drops of lemon. Bypass the booze though, the beer is a bit pricey and can turn this otherwise affordable dinner in the opposite direction.We went late and that may explain things.  The food (most of which came in around $9-10 dollars a person) was fine.  I had the pastitsio which was fine but a little bland.  We had the fried cheese appetizer which was good and they didn't skimp on the pita.  The waitress seemed a little lost both about what items were on the menu (apparently it's new?) and what wines they had (red or white)
Bottom line: the place may be best when you drop by for the Gyro strolling around south street.This review is based solely on delivery - I have not been to the actual location so cannot speak to restaurant service or ambiance.  
With regards to delivery, I was a bit disappointed! The food itself was OK - nothing above and beyond other greek food we've had.  My husband and I split the fried calamari and small greek salad for appetizers. The calamari was delivered a bit cold and chewy. The small greek salad was fine, but definitely SMALL. My husband ordered the Chicken shish-kebob entree (served with rice) and I had falafel and hummus, which was served with white pita bread.  Aside from the chicken kebab entree, all portions were extremely small, and in retrospect very overpriced. The falafel balls were tasty but probably the tiniest falafel balls i've seen, and they were served atop a very small portion of cold-ish hummus.  I would quantify this more as an appetizer than an entree.
The grand total for all of this was $47....which did not include the $3.99 delivery fee or delivery tip.  I thought it was pretty steep for the amount of food we actually received. 
Will likely order Greek food elsewhere in the future.I have been coming to the SSS for the past twelve years. It is by far my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is good, there is no question about that. The prices are fantastic. I used to eat here easily twice a week. There is not one thing on the menu you can go wrong with. 
Downsides: They are closed Mondays, and the whole months of January and August.Havn't been here in a few years...went for Sunday night dinner and had the family special $36 for two. Get choice of soup or salad, an appetizer to share, two entrees and two deserts! Could not eat it all. Wonderful beets, baba granuish, chicken kabobs (huge), mossakka, turlu (mixed veggies), lentil soup, salad with great balsamic dressing, endless grilled pita. And of course, a great chat with owner, Tom. Thank you, it was a second thanksgiving dinner!While the restaurant was clean and the food was just alright ~ the service was horoable.  The waitress even after being told we were
done with our course kept coming back trying to remove our plates
from the table ~ and the restaurant only had 10 customers at most
so what was the hurry.
Not once did she smile.Why the hell have I never eaten here before??
I was on South Street the other day with Hubby and a few friends and we were starving. A few of us felt like Greek food so we decided to (finally) check out South Street Souvlaki. 
We were seated at a table inside where it was nice and cool. I had a spinach pie and a gyro, and both were awesome. The Phyllo was perfectly flaky, and the balance of spinach and feta were spot-on. I can also say that this was the best gyro I've ever had. The meat was aggressively seasoned and packed a ton of flavor. The tzatziki was really fresh and the pita was nice and warm. I also tried some of my friends pork chops that our server recommended, and it was pretty mind-blowing. It was so tender and juicy, with a ton of flavor. Honestly, If I'd tried it with my eyes closed I would have thought I was eating steak. We also had a round of Greek lagers (when in Rome...err...Greece, right?) that weren't bad at all.
Great food, great service, reasonable prices. What a nice change from the usual South Street crap.So so good. My mom has been coming here since she was a student at Moore 30+ years ago. I recently moved to the city, so after a long day of moving in, my mom and I took a trip down to south street to grab a gyros. I'm not a greek food buff, but they have thee best gyros. (Granted I typically get them from diners). But their baklava, OH MY GOSH, so good!! We sat down to eat, and the woman that waited on us was great. I'll definitly be back.The service was awful. There were two servers and a bartender that were very loudly complaining about the managers poor scheduling abilities, as well as their poor tips (shocker) . Their loud negative complaining was distracting to an otherwise good lunch.Not terribly expensive, but when you factor in the quality of the food, it's definitely over-priced (they had a special when I was there - 3-course meal for 2 for $33).  Biggest plus - they give generous portions.  However, the food has been sitting out all day in the take-out area next-door.   I split the gyro platter and peppers stuffed with vegetables and chicken.  Mediocre quality.  It's not fresh and is not kind to your stomach.  It's also bland.  On par with cafeteria food - watery vegetables, unseasoned potatoes, and low quality meat.  My husband and I both felt funny for hours after eating here.  
The highlight of the meal was the hummus, although it did seem to have lettuce in it (odd).  Also, the Greek salad wasn't bad, although it was smothered in salad dressing.  Baklava would have been good if it hadn't been so drenched in honey.  
The ambiance was nice, though.  It was very festive for the holidays - lots of poinsettias and Christmas tunes.  I'd say this is a fine place to go for a beer and hummus.  But skip it for dinner.Get the vegetable platter. $9. It's just a mixture (10 or so) of all traditional Greek vegetarian dishes, and it comes out fast, because all the food is made in the next room over and you can see it all there under glass. Depending how busy it is, you might be able to get in and out in close to a half hour, depending on how eager you are to get into the midst of / away from the South St. crowd. 
The Baklava is a great dessert for it, but it's $4. 
Definitely authentic atmosphere.
side note: You can see the outside briefly (blue neon sign) in one of the last shots in the opening theme song for It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia.So glad I found this place. Got the stuffed peppers and they were incredible. Friends got the chicken kabobs and they said they were awesome. 
Sat at the bar, listened to Greek music, watched the women stroll by. Just great overall.
Our bartender was an older gentlemen. Best bartender I've ever had in my life. Was ready to give us beers every time we made eye contact. Recommended his favorite dishes. But MOST importantly he didn't hover over us with unwanted small talk. God I hate when bartenders do that. He was a true professional.Place used to be a little better. No doubt about that. This review is for my most recent experience. Also, we're probably rocking a 3.5 star on this one. 
Went in with a couple friends at around 9:45 and they close at 10. Having worked in manyyy restaurants I hate being "those" people. The owner(I'm guessing), however, basically begged us to come in. I think he was a little tipsy. He had that "opa" attitude going on. The interior is a little outdated and could use a once or twice over. Not sure I want to see the kitchen here. 
We sat and ordered fairly quickly. The service was rushed, but I expected that at the late time we came in. Got the octopus, which is always a favorite of mine. It was a little overcooked, but not bad. I like my octo medium rare or something I guess because this happens a lot to me, haha. We also ordered the Greek Sampler off the Combination Platters section. It was really freaking good. TONS of food. All great stuff. Really enjoyed this dish. The oven roasted potatoes actually get an honorable mention. It's also an exceptional value at 23.00. 
If they cleaned this place up a bit, got some better service, maybe jazzed up the food and ingredients a little we could easily be at 4 stars, maybe 4.5 here. Oh, and new menus would help. Mine still had inserts with "stimulus specials."Food wasn't too good.  Hummus that looked like sick. If you are looking for a good Greek food experience try some place else.I went here with 2 other friends for my birthday. It's just a very quiet and chill scene in the hip South Street district with dancey Greek music playing in the background. The food was great. I definitely love the galaktoubureko I had for dessert. The only drawback I had was that the server seemed to rush me. I ordered the Greek Sampler, which was a platter of a little bit of everything. As I was digging my way into it with full assurance that I was able to finish it (boy, I was hungry!), the server kept on coming back asking if I needed a box to take them home. But other than that, this is an amazing place!I went with a a party of 6 on a cold Winter's night. South Street Souvlaki was very warm and pleasant inside. It was nice to be transplanted to Mediterranean Greece, at least for an hour or so. There are nicely painted murals on the walls and the place has a charming and rustic casual feel.
Service was great and the staff made sure we had everything and enjoyed our food. Our appetizers and plates came out very fast. We had  a good array of food from fried calamari, Lentel soup, Octopus salad, Grilled Porgy Fish, Eggplant, Mousaka and the grilled Lamp Chop. I had the lamb chop and it was super tasty and juicy over a nice bed of vegetables.
South Street Souvlaki also has a small bar area and decent beer selection. Its is a great place to go when in the South Street area and hungry for some Mediterranean food. The prices are pretty decent also.Great place for a quick greek fix.  The gyros are amazing as well as the baklava.lamb gyro -- yum!  decent price for a gyro especially on south street.  I've only done takeout here but I def want to sit down one day and try out their other dishes.  Just my opinion, but the lamb gyro is a lot better than the chicken one =)If you are in Philly and like Greek food, you need to go here!
This place came highly and forcefully recommended by some friends from the area for our visit. As it just so happens they were in town the same weekend we were, so they made early reservations (not necessary, but it didn't hurt) and we all met here for dinner before a concert on a Saturday evening.
There are 2 entrances, one that enters directly to the sit-down/bar part of the restaurant, another that leads to a more to-go/open kitchen type of area. You can get to the sit-down table service side from that side too....it's just a little awkward. If you are going for a sit down meal, use the entry closest to the street corner.
Our server was pure Philly. Which is to say a bit brusque, but not rude. Some of the starters/appetizers come in two sizes, to be more easily shareable. We started off with the feta sagankiopa. The feta tasted a little bitter to me...but I will never say no to feta. I will eat it ALL. All the time always. For my main meal, I got the kefte sandwich and it was delicious! And it was a smaller "meal" but I still could not finish it! I would order it again....but also not, because there are SO MANY OTHER delicious looking things on the menu!
As we were finishing up, a family with a small, shrieking child was sat very close to us. We were able to pay quickly and be on our way, but not before sharing understanding and sympathetic eye rolls and non-verbal "I'm so sorrys" in commiseration with the waitstaff who had to remain and put up with it. I felt bad for them, but laughed in our momentary shared misery.The food is delicious. Service is great, and the prices are better than right. This unpretentious place  is one of my favorite spots in Philly. It's great for kids, dates and large parties. Try the appetizer combo platter of greek spreads. It's superb!I am reviewing delivery through UberEATS. Our order was severely damaged and very carelessly packed. Food was mediocre at best and 2 of 3 people had stomach upset after.Full disclosure - I only come here for the gyros. That's it. And frankly, that's all I need. 
As a rule of thumb, I generally avoid eating from places on South Street. Sure, there's a few exceptions (Percy St BBQ, The Cambridge, Lovash), but chances are you can find better quality, less crowding and better pricing somewhere else. South Street Souvlaki, however, is one of my favorite spots to grab a meaty, juicy, mouth-watering bite. 
The ordering experience is fast and furious (sorry), as you bustle into the cramped space, shout out for a gyro, and wait a few minutes for someone to wrap up your crave-curing treat. Service is fast - just get everything on it, do yourself a favor - and before you know it, you'll be back on the street spilling Tzatziki sauce down the front of your shirt. 
The pita breads are always fluffy and warm, with the meat extremely tender and freshly carved off the flame-roasted spit. Loaded with sauce and veggies, you'll be full and ready to flee from South Street in a matter of minutes. 
Since I haven't tried much outside of the gyro and never experienced the sit-down meal here, I don't feel right giving this more than 4 stars, but if you want a quick bite of Greece, stop in for a gyro.Yummity yum yum! Always a good choice when you're craving standard Greek fare, and the staff are super nice. Can't go wrong here.