This Is a solid pub in South Philly,  with its steampunk aesthetic ad friendly staff it's a great place to hang for a few beers or grab a bite. Top marks go to their burgers and root fries.  
The menu isn't huge but they do add a few more offerings for weekend brunch and unlike other pubs whose "champagne" choice can be dubious, they use Barefoot Bubbly which makes for a nicer mimosa. 
I also have to mention the roasted cauliflower with feta dip. Although a bit pricey at $14, it does come loaded with feta as well as a gets dip and could easily feed four as an appetizer or two as a meal.
I've gone a few times now and its it very crowded but with a decent beer selection and Quizo, it should be.I really want to like this place because it could be a great neighborhood bar, but the menu is an unfortunate combo of poorly conceived and/or prepared dishes. The flavor combinations are just perplexing at times. Fruity Pebbles crusted chicken bites served with an overly sweet Asian-inspired dipping sauce? Even the items that sound appealing aren't prepared well or are overpriced for what you get. Service is also extremely slow and not always accurate. The atmosphere is cool, love the Thursday night trivia, and the beer list usually has some interesting options. That said, I'll refrain from food for now.Food is fresh and delicious.  Establishment is clean.  The owner is super sweet.  
In California we have a lot of vegan and gluten free options.  It's hard to find that when traveling, but this place offers both as options.  
We'd come here again and definitely recommend it as well!This place is a Mecca in South Philly. Excellent beer list, wonderful staff. The menu is great and the specials are ever changing. The bar staff is knowledgeable about spirits and beer and the waitstaff is always friendly and quick with a recommendation. The beer list is extensive and the draft beers are also always on a constant rotation. The bar manager constantly brings in new beers of every style so it's not just an IPA hipster bar. The kitchen is an open plan and it's great to watch them make your meal. The head chef is innovative and knowledgeable and the weekly seafood specials are always sure to please. This is my go to and it's well deserved.Absolutely outstanding!  I don't know that I've ever had a better burger. My wife and I each had a different burger and we both ate every morsel despite being more food than either of us normally could handle.  I really enjoyed how low-key and quiet this bar was. Reminds me of pubs in England where patrons are encouraged to converse rather than have to yell over top of loud music. Scotty and his crew were very attentive and we couldn't have asked for more. Thanks, SouthHouse!  We hope to return next time we're in town.I can never resist a burger. Most flavor garlicky burger I ever had. With pesto sauce roasted peppers, portobello mushrooms on a brioche bun. I wouldn't recommend getting the bbg pork nachos and spicy fish tacos. Those were an afterthought compare to the south house burger.Surprisingly large bar with at least four large televisions, decent menu, good draughts, excellent service.Recently paid a visit to this pub and restaurant for lunch. This is a clean and friendly spot tucked away in a quiet south Philly neighborhood. The service and ambiance are very nice and the food we sampled from the lunch menu was outstanding. From the Kale salad to the Pork Bite sandwich to the awesome french fries. Give this place a try and you'll keep coming back.Solid bar in South Philly. Great craft beer selection.  Kitchen is pretty creative.  Late night I like the mussels and drunken onion soup.  Good burger, too.  For a snack I go after the roasted cauliflower. For brunch - easily top-five-in-Philly Bloody Mary.
Highly recommended.I love burgers, I truly do. Trust me when I say that the SouthHouse Burger is the best burger I've ever had. Even better than my previous favorite burger (Sorry Donovan's).
They offer two types of fries - house fries and kitchen fries. 
The pomegranate ketchup enhances the flavor of the fries, so trust me when I say to get that over the regular ketchup. 
They offer Quizzo on Thursdays with JB, who is an excellent quizmaster, so you should definitely check them out. Karaoke once a week, live music on Saturdays, always a lot of fun. They have a wide selection of beer from breweries all over, which I really appreciate. The staff is friendly, professional, and knowledgeable about beer and food. 
If you live in the area, SouthHouse graciously hosts the monthly Happy Hours for members of the Lower Moyamensing Civic Association, which I really appreciate. 
I'm glad Thom and SouthHouse have opened in LoMo and I look forward to future visits.A small pub in a quiet neighborhood. I think that the food was ok but the portions were fairly small. I went for a relaxing evening after a day of work and was looking for something more substantial. I ordered the burger and though it was very tasty, the size was about half what I was expecting. Staff was very attentive and friendly.Came here after the March for Babies at the Navy Yard on a Sunday afternoon. We are not from the neighborhood but this place made us wish we were so we could come by more often! We called ahead since we had a large group of 16 including 5 kids under 8. They set aside tables for us and did a great job accommodating! The menu was varied enough for everyone (kids included) to get something they would love! If we had fewer kids we probably would have been able to stay longer and enjoy a round or two.Eat Drink Share. more like  Eat everything Drink everything, and Share this on yelp. This place is great, From the food to the drinks you really cant go wrong. no long winded post needed for this place.Great atmosphere for grabbing a drink and snacks. We went for dinner and were disappointed with the entrees. Between my husband and I - we ordered an arugula salad with chicken ($8 extra for chicken - insane), a burger and two apps. We spent almost $100. Way overpriced. The salad didnt even have dressing. Appetizers were great.
*Correction: Beating Hearts Salad (which is 75% arugula)Nice neighborhood bar and restaurant. SouthHouse has a good beer selection. Anything from pale ales to deep, dark brews - they should have something to satisfy your thirst. If cocktails are more your thing, they have a well stocked bar. 
The menu is better than it should be for a neighborhood bar. SouthHouse has good appetizers, soups, salads, burgers and entrees. The onion soup was pretty good. And the fish tacos were just right. The jalapeño cornbread looked great - sorry I didn't try it.Good food, and a good atmosphere. Came here for my dad's birthday and he really enjoyed it. Also had a great beer selection!Excellent service and excellent food. Had the pork sandwich - delicious!!!!  The roasted veggies w dip is a must have. Burger was one of the best in the city n their homemade ketchup was great!!!Great vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options. 
The spicy fish tacos were simply amazing. Very fresh and well made. You can tell the chef put a lot of thought into the menu.So my friend hears about this place and it was everything that we heard and more. We shared some delicious apps .we had the pork nachos that were perfect and some kind of cauliflower with a awesome sauce. Then the burger was the best, juiciest, most tender burger I've ever had in my life.cantwaitto go back and try something else.The burger is the best I've ever eaten- it's juicy and melts in your mouth! I highly recommend it!Excellent!! Many vegetarian options, great beer selection, awesome vibe! The veggie burger is delicious - unlike any I've had before. I wish this was my neighborhood bar!Went with a bunch of friends the food was great. Love the set up. The staff is amazing and went out of their way to make sure our group had a great experience.What a great little spot. I was here this past Sunday, April 12 for a bridal shower and the owner Tom went above and beyond with everything. The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. The atmosphere is welcoming and I can imagine myself sitting here having a beer if I lived here. I lived on Camac St between Shunk and Moyamensing during college so I did know the neighborhood then and I must say this is a welcome addition. I really hope this place does well, they deserve it.So we walk in, it looks not too different from many other corner bar/food places dotted around South Philly (which isn't a complaint - it's part of the appeal). But the food? Let's talk about the food. First off, if you have celiac or a gluten allergy, this place caters to you. There is plenty of fried options for you. Buns, chips, entrees, heck, even wings (which I tried). I got the zucchini bowl with grilled ahi tuna, I would absolutely get it again. Also, I'm not sure if the ketchup is homemade or just maybe a boutique brand but it was different, and amazing with the sweet potato fries - wife was not happy I kept stealing hers. The beer menu was good. Not huge, but enough to keep a beer drinker interested. 
We went with our friend who is a regular there, and she insisted it was good. The owner came over to say hi to her, he was genuinely a nice guy who you can tell cares about the business he is running and the people he serves. Am absolutely going back!Not only are the staff funny and fantastic, but the owner is personable and engaging.  The atmosphere has a rustic bar feel, with  a clean and fresh space.  And the food is surprisingly delicious with unique selections.  And don't get me started on the brunch - OMG.  Great veggie options and the SouthHouse burger is to die for.  Excellent craft beer and cider selection and themed night make this the new hot spot for Deep South Philly.  We are now officially regulars.Excellent place. 
Service: extremely friendly, knowledgeable. 
Food: fantastic (look for the Bacon Blue Cheese BBQ burger on special).
Draft and bottle list: wide-ranging and expertly selected. Very nicely priced. 
Atmosphere: Classy-casual. 
Bathrooms: Clean and well attended to.Pleasant atmosphere, interesting menu selection. Kitchen is able to make many options either gluten free of vegan. Open earlier than most bars in the area so a great spot to come to early before a Phillies game like our party and other groups in the bar seemed to be doing.I was looking forward to have the roasted cauliflower. After I placed my order, I was told that it is not available. I was so disappointed. I ended up not eating anything. I will never come back again.The southhouse burger is the best burger I've ever eaten. Generous amount of goat cheese and melt in your mouth bacon. Amazing!I really want to like it here. Honestly I do. But from the time they opened almost two years ago to now I've gone here multiple times with multiple people and left each time wanting. 
The food is good, but always something preventing it from being great. For instance most recently, I had Cajun Rub rotisserie style wings. The Cajun rub was delicious and it came as described, rotisserie style, so it lacked a certain crunch on the skin. And I'll acknowledge I got what I ordered, but that's the only wing option and the best part of the wing is the crunch from the skin. I understand because they want to accommodate vegetarian and vegan guests that they won't compromise the deep fryer with wings, but there are other ways to emulate the crisp crunch of the skin. 
The other issue that is consistent is service. It's not bad, per se. Everyone is friendly enough, especially using the South Philly Scale of Pleasantness, but the bartenders and waiters are never around when you need them. We had to flag a bartender down to put in an order and we were the only ones at the bar. I've had instances where I couldn't find a waiter to get us additional napkins or ketchup* and had to service myself because we couldn't get anyone to come over - and it's never busy when we are there. A major difference between okay and good places and good and great places is the service and the ability to recognize when a patron needs help. Better awareness of your patrons would go a long way. 
I applaud what SouthHouse is trying to do. I understand they don't want to have basic bar food, but have a take on pub fare that's unique and different. The owner is responsive to feedback and seeks it out. The beer list is great and diverse. The execution of the dishes is consistent. 
I really want to like this place. 
*A note about ketchup. Appreciate the effort but house made ketchups, as a rule, are pointless. Heinz or bust.Dinner was delicious! Great vegan and gluten free options!! Great alcohol selection!!After having dinner close by and not familiar with the area we came across this place through a quick search. We did not have any expectations . Bar was pretty empty (Monday night) but the bartender was very nice and kept us entertained. I texted my friend this morning " I liked that place last night". Good tots and beers.Not a very diverse menu, but good food and even better service.  I want to come back at night because I am betting it has a great atmosphere!!!You might not know about this place because it's pretty unassuming looking but the food here is incredibly good. Perfect amount of selection - not overwhelming but plenty of choice. You can go super healthy if you want, with perfectly seasoned and grilled fish with a very creative salad with perfect dressings, or more classic bar food with a super tasty burger and fries. Something for everyone - carnivores, vegetarians, vegans, gluten-free, carb-free, etc. Not a lot else to choose from in the neighborhood so hopefully the place stays around for a long time and the chef, too.I love eating at SouthHouse! The owner is very friendly and introduced himself the first time we ate there. He also has celiac disease which explains the gluten free food menu and beer/cider selection. The service is always great and the food is always fresh! I am so glad I found this gemThis place is fantastic! The food is excellent, the bar is clean and inviting and the alcohol selection is perfect. Great place to come any night. 
Check it out, South Philly! This place is a fucking gem!Had a great dinner here while visiting town with my mother in law. Laid back pub atmosphere. Easy to get a table on Sunday night. Cauliflower with buffalo sauce were great along with fruity pebbles crusted chicken bites. Fairly priced and friendly staff :)The hubs and I checked out South House this past Saturday and enjoyed ourselves some dinner. 1) Atmosphere is good. The bar was packed and the crowd was a mix of ages, which I always like. 2) Beer list was legit. Only complaint was that I ordered a Yards Pale Ale because it was on the draught list, but I got a bottle so I guess the draught list wasn't updated.  3) We liked our food. We ordered the special for app. It was some sort cheesy fried goodness with chili sauce, and split the burger and the chicken sandwich. I'm not normally a fan of focaccia, which the chicken sandwich came on, but this was grilled and less "bread-y" so I liked it. The burger is great; not really a standard burger b/c it's not "pressed," as Chef Ari taught us, which makes it super juicy. It comes with some yummy pesto on it, which I enjoyed.
All in all, a solid evening out and we'll definitely be going back to check out brunch. :)I came here with my girlfriend because of the good reviews on Yelp! While the decor was inviting and staff cordial, the food menu tempting and drink menu enticing, the former were well worth the experience but the latter quite disappointing.  We ordered chips and guacamole with pico: the dips were combined in the same bowel which was quite small and lacking pizzazz. With high hopes we delved into the fruit, pickled onion and avocado salad but sadly it was topped with a sour and tart oily dressing and fried strips of flour tortilla both of which did not complement the freshness of the fruits, veggies & herbs.  We then reluctantly moved on to the black bean & portobello tacos that were completely devoid of flavor.  The variety of beers on tap were redeeming though so if we go back, that's what we'll stick to.I love the atmosphere, love the bartenders and their creativity (go Seth), love that I can watch a game on one of the many TVs....
BUT
I would love some "normal" bar food in the form of appetizers such as chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, wings and even a burger different from what the meatball mix is made of. Sometimes you just want to drink the night away and have a snack to fill the stomach!
No worries, it will not deter me from going there but it will deter me from eating there!OMG! Love this South Philly bar/restaurant! Great little spot. Excellent food choices. Good sized portions! The staff were courteous, explained the menu and specials without question. Friendly, clean and reasonably price! Every time I visit my friends, I've got a new spot! Worth checking out, if you're looking for a nice meal!It's cool to have a new bar in this neighborhood. SouthHouse does most of it right. Service is good, and super friendly--but not in that condescending way like they're talking to a child. The space is pretty big and can accommodate a pretty large group. The food has a lot of options for people, so everyone you go with will have something to eat. There are vegan options and GF. In fact, there's a TON of gluten free options, so if that's your jam you should really check this place out.
THe only criticism here: the food. The menu is great conceptually, but poorly executed. I ordered a steak med-rare, and it was overcooked and cut for me. Whenever I see a steak cut for me, I immediately know the chef has no confidence in his/her ability to cook a proper temp steak. I guess it's really just a kitchen issue, not so much as ingredients. Everything I had tasted good, but could've/should've tasted better. 
This place isn't even a year old, so some hiccups in the kitchen may be lingering. I suggest the owners go in and try the food one night, then get a new chef.Went there on Sunday prior to a concert. I don't think they were staffed enough. We sat at the bar which didn't have a bartender behind it, and proceeded to read the beer list, which was average at best. The food menu was nothing to be excited about so we decided to order the most interesting thing on the menu, rotisserie wings and some fried cauliflower. As we sat there waiting to be greeted, we overheard the couple next to us complaining about their food taking too long. We were greeted after about 5 minutes but the girl who appeared to be doing double duty never came back for us to even order our beers. After about 12-15 minutes we just decided to leave. Didn't get to try the drinks or food, but that was our customer experience.Southouse sets the bar in South Philly. It is the best restaurant/bar in the city with a menu that can be made gluten free! What?! Say it again... their top shelf food options can be made gluten free. The customer service is exceptional. Scottie is a keynote bartender in the city with more than 15 years of experience delivering world class service. Seth, Tom, and Carl rock the house and care about their new customer and regulars. They focus on driving a consistent customer experience that exemplifies class. I love eating, drinking, and hanging out at South House. I hope you do too!Customer service was great. Not a pretentious vibe to be found. The waiter was new but still nice. Enough time that I didn't feel stalked and still there if we needed anything. 
In center city and hungry so I decided to Yelp "gluten free restaurants" as I do when I don't know what restaurants are around and gf. We got there and the place was emptyish and I think it may just be the location because the food was Ammmmazing! I can't believe I haven't come across this place before. My husband and I both have gluten allergies so to be able to order without so much compromise was awesome. We ordered the chicken pancake combination (sort of like chicken an waffles) plus a few sides. 
This was pub fare forsure, but nothing was so greasy that you inevitably regretted it or just taste like "fried." It was perfectly crispy and accompanied by a great variety of dipping sauces to select from. 
Not to take away from it being just great pub fare in general but If you have a gluten allergy this place is a hidden gem.  I've gone to places that say they "will accommodate my gluten allergy"  by removing the bun and fries... Or grilling the breaded item... That's no accommodation that's sad and the same price :/ 
I don't Yelp often, only when I feel compelled by excellent service and great food. Try it out!There's not much better than finding a local establishment in the midst of a Philly neighborhood that strives for perfection. I had to go with the house South burger and fries. Was astonished at how great both were. Fries are shoestring style and great. Burger was cooked to perfection with a sweet and savory combo. It was hard to put back on the plate once I picked it up. I did do so only to eat some fries and have another drink of the County line IPA on draft, which was also spectacular. Can't wait to come back.On a hot muggy night this is the place to chill out.  The air conditioning is full blast.  The Southhouse burger was very flavorful and juicy.  The wings were coated with teriyaki sauce, delicious.3.5 stars. 
How did we not know this place existed mere steps from us? It seems to be a common trend for patrons. 
We randomly stumbled upon this super casual spot this area needs. The place is large and open with an open kitchen (love that!) Juke box, big screen tvs for taking in a game, a nice big bar with ample seating and lights, dj nights etc. It was Friday which meant karaoke night. It was an unexpected, fun treat. The music was a tad loud however. In general. Not just the singing, the music alone. But, it's a bar. I can't believe what a Grandma I sound like as I'm total rocker chick and normally like loud. This was piercing. 
It was also VERY cold. It was a humid night, I get it, but I was literally shivering wearing long sleeves and long pants. Uncomfortable. I remember feeling bad for the waitress as she had to stay there all night. 
The menu looked amazing!! More online than in person perhaps because it's seasonal? I had high hopes and the dishes all sounded so, so good!! Big props for the plethora of vegan and gluten free options, clearly marked. Apparently the owner is gluten free. 
We were starving and split the jalapeño corn fritters. I just had to try them because they were vegan! I haven't had corn fritters in forever based on that alone. They came out right away and were fried to golden perfection. We didn't taste the jalapeño, but they were still good anyway. They were more of a croquette shape rather than a patty which was great for sharing. I asked how they made them vegan. Our waitress who was insanely sweet and helpful asked the cook and he informed me they sub applesauce and gf flour for the egg. Whenever I sub applesauce instead of egg, I can't shake the apple flavor. These did not taste like apple. Way to go! Yum!
I was torn between the Kale Ceaser and the Mac N Chez (Vegan cheddar sauce, pipe pasta and shallot oil) with the option to add spinach, roasted red pepper or portobello at $1 each which is fun! I actually wound up getting The Harvest $10 (Portobello mushrooms, root vegetables, vegan cheddar sauce and fresh basil on sourdough.) The promise of vegan cheddar sauce had me drooling. The Sammy wasn't overflowing with mushrooms or at all actually. More bread than anything which was very good sourdough, but didn't suit my needs as I was looking to just eat the filling out and save some calories by taking off on the bread. I couldn't recognize which root veggies there were. I did see red onion which wasn't listed on the menu and I didn't mind as I like them, but some may not. I didn't see nor taste the basil which is sad because I love me some fresh basil! It was certainly tasty however. I just envisioned this heaping sammy oozing with messy, dripping "cheese". I chose the house fries as my side as it was cheat night. (Hello, sub bread/eat the fries! That counts right?) They were BBQ seasoned shoestrings which were good, not outstanding. What we didn't see however, until we received the bill was that they were $1 up charge. Not a huge deal at all, but I do think we should've been informed one way or another, either by the waitress or stated on the menu. 
Hubby got the chicken tenders because well, he's really just a big 36 year old child. He liked them. Ok, but not excellent. The pomegranate ketchup sounded cool though!  I'll have to suggest the burger next time as that seems like the thing to order. 
The beer menu is great! About a dozen on tap and a huge variety of craft bottles which we can certainly appreciate. Ciders, IPAs and pumpkin beer all year round? Sold! We had already had a few drinks elsewhere so we just split a Fathead Blueberry which was really great! Try it! Sweet, but not overly so and perfectly blueberry toned more so than of some I've had in Maine. 
It's a bar with food. If you look at it that way, you won't be disappointed. We really came for food first so perhaps we left a tad underwhelmed. My husband said "it's good for bar food". Sorry it that's tough. I know those aren't the intentions. Perhaps we came on an off night? 
We would give it another try however. I really want to try the cauliflower dish as it wasn't available the night we came. 
Great for watching the game and snacking with a large groups of friends. Etc. or grabbing drinks and catching up. 
Get some bands in here on the weekends and I'm sold! I think that will really up the anty and set it apart from other spots. 
The brunch looks great. Gotta give that a try especially if there's some bistro tables outside! (Hint) 
Parking sucks so if you're local, walk it. Duh!
It's a nice option for the area and I do really hope it does well as it's only be about a year so far. It has potential for sure. Maybe some fine tuning. 
3.5 yelps.The house fries are the most flavorful and delicious fries ever! As a vegan, there are tons of options. The veggie tacos were great! The beer selection is fantastic and staff are friendly and knowledgeable. I can't wait to come back for brunch!We are so happy to have discovered this gem right around the corner! We went for dinner on a Tuesday evening around 6pm and had no problem finding a spot at the bar. The bartender was very kind and took care of us right away. The draft beer selection was decent, a bottle list on the bar would have been helpful. We started with the nachos-delish! I was skeptical about BBQ sauce on nachos but it was yummy. After taking suggestions from the bartender and the owner (I think) we ordered the South House burger and the pork sandwich, both with house fries. We ate up every last bite, it was out of this world! By far one of the best burgers I've had in the city, it melted in my mouth. We will be back!Went here on a Friday night to meet up friends who have been raving about this place for weeks. We got there early and took a seat at the bar. The bartender, Seth, was friendly and accommodating, the cockatils and beer selection legit. Our Friends arrived and we became a party of eight. We all ordered food, my stuffed meatballs were Gluten-free (im sensitive) and DELICIOUS! I also got the kale caesar which didn't knock my socks off (the dressing was creamy, but not tangy enough to really be a good caesar), plus, it came out after my meatballs. All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and were excited to try some brunch menu items. So much so, the BF and I went back for brunch the next day!
His Hangover fries were awesome and I had a hash w both scrambled and sunny eggs. AWESOME! Our brunch bartender, Carl, was super friendly, makes a mean Bloody w housemade horseradish infused vodka,  and chilled w us as we discussed football, The History Channel's penchant for both nazis and jesus, and how weird pop music festivals are. 
Most of the menu is either GF or GF is available, and much is veg/an too. They're killin it in south philly!!The Southouse was a quiet place,with a home town feel.
They have a large beer menu.
The four of us had the burgers and fries. Food was very good,cooked as requested,service was good.
Prices are reasonable.Not bad! When we came in the vibe was a little weird because my date and I were the only customers in there and I prefer the anonymity of eating in a crowded pub. Still-- service was good, food was well made. I'd skip the chicken/provolone burger next time; dry as hell. But my bf's burger was juicy and delicious and the fries were terrific. I'd come back!This place is amazing. So we sat down and Scotty recommend a few spot in beers that were really good and then he brought the menu. For the love of Christ, what a menu. So being a party if 3, we decided in sharing apps, all apps were glorious and probably the best French onion soup I ever had. We also had the fruity pebbles wings with the whiskey sauce which was out of this world. Finally we had the piggy back. You were be thankful your made it to the top of the food chain because it was glorious. We started dipping the locally baked bread in the soup and chef brought us some gravy and it made it that much more enjoyable. Please do yourself a favor and stop in and eat and drink. Also the back of the menu has an interactive section where you pick a dish, then pick a protein which makes for 36 different combinations, very unique.Great selection of beer, great food. Bartender was so miserable and sarcastic it made us leave. Fire miserable employees!!!!Totally unassuming from the outside but WOW. There is some good eatin' in this joint. Get the roast cauliflower!! I could eat this every day. Oh and the staff was super friendly and welcoming.Let's try this again, as my previous review was censored, most likely by the loose lipped barkeep who gave me the incentive to write it in the first place.
After attempting to order take out from this establishment, I realize they most likely received better customer service at Auschwitz. What an enfuriating experience. After asking for a modified version of a cheeseburger for my 7 year old son (you may ask "how can one modify something as simple as a cheeseburger?" Well, at eateries like this, they find it essential to slap everything from eggs to Pabst Blue Ribbon on a burger to make you feel like one of the cool kids) I was met with a roll of the eyes and a comment along the lines of "You see the menu, right?" Wow.  Here's to hoping this place goes the way of it's predecessors: down the tubes!Stopped in for late dinner and the food was great! My friends and I ordered burgers and they were all cooked perfectly to the temps we ordered. However, the service was very slow. May be due to the timing- it was 11pm. Otherwise nice atmosphere with live music!I wanted this place to be great and stopped by to kill some time before a flight. Our waitress was nice and attentive however the food was a big miss. My wife's salmon dish was unbelievably salty and had a hair in it while my spaghetti was overcooked and mushy. The menu looks good but was poorly executed.Great bar, awesome staff and nice beer selection. And the food choices are among the best in south Philly. Plenty of friendly faces, such an awesome neighborhood bar.We came here after a flyers day game. Wasn't crowded as it was early, so we sat at the bar. Very nice bartender. Very knowledgeable about beer. You could tell this was a locals spot. Everyone was super friendly. Talked to a bunch of people. Food was awesome!!!!  Really really good. We had mashed potato trio, cauliflower bites, the tofu with the zucchini bowl was delicious. We had a nice time and would definitely go back!!!!Great place.  Great food, great service, and lots of fun.  They have different events every week night.  The best is quizzo on Thursday night.  They also have karaoke on Mondays, beer class on Tuesday and wino Wednesday's.  Not only that but the food is excellent.  All around love it here.I happen to love this restaurant. I think the executive chef is possibly the extremely creative. He knows how to blend tastes together very well and he's not afraid to take risks with that. They sell pork nachos that have a blend of Mexican and Indian spices in it. This dish made my tastebuds sing. 
The one down side to this restaurant is the service. I've been there a few times when it's busy and I've been there when it's slow. I feel like they're never prepared for a rush of customers. It's a new restaurant and they must be excited to have a rush of customers but they haven't figured out how to deal with it yet. Luckily, your impatience is relieved when your food does come out and it tastes so good.Had a friend passing through from Arkansas and another from Haverford, needed to find a spot to meet not far from the airport. Both were very impressed with my choice.
Hidden away on a shady urban street the place is unassuming from the outside but inside it's crisp and cheery. With three big TV screens it's a midsized sports bar but the food is the real draw, with a very smart and versatile selection of healthy and satisfying choices.
We started with an appetizer of Buffalo tater tots which were very tasty and a big enough portion for 3 people to split. I opted for the taco cart with ahi tuna and avocado and couldn't be happier. The serving was big, generously padded with a great selection of greens and fantastic homemade chips. My friends got a noodle bowl and a burger and were both very happy.
Reasonably priced drinks topped off with coffee and a wonderful dessert of peanut butter mousse.
Although we were there during an Eagles game with occasional enthusiastic cheering, the place was generally quiet and we had no problem carrying on a conversation. Very nice atmosphere and the friendly staff supplied just the right amount of attention, with everything delivered to the table with no delays.WOW! Fresh and juicy burger! YUM! Clean place w friendly staff..... Just a 15 min walk from the ballpark too. Roots and south house burger and house fries!I there for dinner the Saturday before Mother's Day with friends and I must say we were very surprised at how good everything was from the service to the food!! The waiter even let  us try the brunch special for the next day, which was excellent. I would definitely go back again for dinner and brunch!!Came in early Saturday for brunch, and the SOHO sandwich did not disappoint.  Pork was so juicy, and the egg was cooked flawlessly.  Ordered a Bell's Oberon in a can, which I haven't seen in most bars in Philly.  The short female bartender was very welcoming and knowledgeable with her craft beer menu to assist my friend in pairing a good beer with his meal.  Props to her.  Will absolutely visit again to try other menu items.
Food 5/5
Service 5/5
Parking 4/5Almost a half hour for fish tacos, and I was the only customer in the place the whole time I was there. Guess it should come as no surprise. 
When the tacos finally came they smelled disgusting and I couldn't even eat them. 
I haven't left an eating establishment this aggravated since I can rememberGreat bar near quiet location. Plenty of tv's to catch your fave teams and a touchtunes for music as well. Not to mention the burger was delicious so mouthwatering and fries very unique flavor. I dislike sweet potato with a passion but the mix and seasoning with normal potatoes was on point. Definetly going back.After hearing great reviews about this place, decided to stop in for dinner. It was only a couple of blocks from us so luckily we didn't have to drive. It is not an area I would recommend driving to if you can help it (on a weeknight). It is situated near a firehouse so there were quite a few sirens to be seen/heard. I don't find this a problem.
No problems with service, bartender greeted us and our server PJ was helpful and always stopped by to check on us. Lots of TVs, a few playing a movie and another 3 screens had sports. The atmosphere is relaxed. Pretty slow when we arrived and quiet until someone has a jukebox selection. There are LOTS of places to sit. The chef's kitchen was in the back and fully visible.
The food was AMAZING and full of flavor! A pierogie appetizer was shared to start. I had the Southhouse burger with fries and it was just delicious. Manchego cheese, pesto, peppers, portobello mushroom on brioche. I especially loved the fries and couldn't stop thinking about them when I got home. No ketchup was needed for my meal. I also got to try their BBQ pulled pork tacos with jalapeno slaw which was also just bursting with flavor. 
I definitely recommend Southhouse for their delicious food, friendly service and atmosphere, and great selection of drinks. We need more places like this south of Snyder! Looking forward to visiting for brunch!Awesome, low-key local spot. Great bar to hit up before a show or late game at Citizen's Bank. The root veggies are amazing, as are the burgers. Staff was super nice, really excited about the offerings and eager to please. I'm surprised it wasn't more busy but we will be back!Was passing through town and found this place on yelp; tried it based on the reviews and menu and glad we did! A truly neighborhood bar and restaurant, it was filled with a blend of south philly locals and hipsters, all playing trivia. 
The menu has something for everyone--burgers and local  beer but also kale salad and roasted cauliflower/veggie options. The summer sangria was great! Glad we stoppedGreat food, local stop that has a ton of good drinks. Burger was great!Great spot in South Philly to grab a drink and a bite to eat.  Brunch on the weekend is delicious and they have a nice selection of local beers.  Bartender Mike was very friendly and attentive.  Would definitely come back here when in town.I came here for the monthly South Silly karaoke event.
The location is great but sometimes it's a bit hard to find especially if your Uber driver never been to this place. 
Food is great. If you've never been here, try their Burger and Mussel.
The service is great. The server remember my beer and she is fast. Unlike some other place where sometime takes forever to close the tab; The check out here is quick and painless.We found SouthHouse accidentally last year and it quickly became one of our favorite places because the food is consistently delicious. Lately, however, the service has been...strange. Last time we visited, the server forgot my glass of wine and our appetizer. He was distracted and inattentive even though there were maybe three tables of people. He kept touching my arm and standing oddly close to me. It was such an uncomfortable experience that it will be a while before we return...and hopefully he won't be there.Friendly staff, large beer selection and tasty food! Cauliflower never tasted so good!Food is SO improved with the new chef!  Had a great dinner there tonight-- the protein plus meal deal. $19 for a giant piece of perfect salmon plus mashed potatoes and yummy, interesting veggie stir fry. Delicious, with a portion generous enough to have leftovers for lunch tomorrow. So glad to see that this place finally hit its stride!Great draft beer selection and burgers along with a very personable staff. Carl the bartender is friendly and knowledgeable.Great beer selection and space but the food is lacking flavor. It tastes like food I make when I have the drunken munchies.