It's tough review to write and if I ever go there again I will update it. We were in Philly for a concert in Tin Angel and were short on time with no preplanned reservations. The places we wanted to go were all booked so we stumbled in here. We were seated at the bar. The place is pretty big with a few rooms, a little ran down in my opinion & could use some TLC. The atmosphere in the room with a bar was not cozy and it was pretty dark ( ambiance at the bar 2) The service 2 1/2 stars  - not refilling water, not picking up dirty plates etc but they were pretty busy and service was not slow. 
As far as food, in general it's pretty good and depends on what your expectations are. Menu consists predominantly of pasta and some veal dishes etc No lasagna though. They have specials every day of the week. I loved their free caponata to start. At the suggestions of the waitress I ordered grilled calamari as it is their popular dish, it was ok but nothing to write home about. Fried mozzarella was really good as well as veal porcini. Vegetables cooked just right with slight crunchiness. Gnocchi with asparagus sauce were melting in your mouth and if you are fan of gnocchi you'd love it. Obviously, don't expect it to be healthy, after all it's Italian and sauces are pretty greasy. Generally, I had mixed feelings about that place. I would not specifically chose this restaurant among all options in Philly these days but it worked for us at that moment and food was quite decent in taste. I would probably give them 3.5 but there is no option like that and 4 at that visit would be too high in my opinion.Great food and service.  If you park across the street, pay for a permit a the machine in front of the building.  They hand out tickets every few minutes.Always delivers a good meal.   I really like the veal medallions with demi glace.Arrived early for our 7pm reservation and was greeted warmly and seated swiftly. That combines with the two great drinks we had is the only reason this is getting two stars and not one. 
We took advantage of the restaurant week menu. $35pp and you pick 1 app, entree, and dessert (anything) and get and pasta! Sounds pretty good, well it is if the food is good!
We choose the grilled calamari and crab cake. The calamari had absolutely way too much "char"
taste to it. It absolutely overpowered any flavor the calamari could have had. It was like someone who learned to BBQ for the first time and went crazy with the fire! When the crab cake came it was next to a salad that was brown. TBH, it looked like the bag salad when it starts going bad and you throw it away. The crab cake itself was ok. Nice size and not too much filler. I think we enjoyed that see much because that ended up being the only dish we liked. So that's not saying much. 
The penne pasta that came next was ok. Pasta of course was cooked al dente. I mean, if they couldn't at least cook the pasta right we would have probably left right there. 
Entree time. The bass filet topped with crab. There is no way you can tell me that fish was fresh. I tasted frozen for days! Straight out of the freezer and not even the individually wrapped fish. The fish that's frozen and lumped together with freezer burn. Totally tasteless! All the veggies again....somebody was happy on that grill. The potatoes were the only thing ok to eat. 
The ravioli with 4 cheeses, mushrooms and spinach. This dish was not was rich and flavorful as you would imagine a 4 cheese dish and a sauce obviously made with cream should be. 6 raviolis, I ate 1 to taste....2 to be sure I wasn't crazy. Left the rest. 
Dessert~ I took the cheesecake. Sure you can't mess up a cheesecake too bad. The jello no bake cheesecakes are even edible.  BF took the mousse. There are levels to cheesecake delicious-ness. This cheesecake was edible. He did not eat his mousse. You ever had tho use Hersey pies. Well, nothing wrong with those pies, but he doesn't like them and if he knew that's exactly what it tastes like he would have chosen different.I went to this restaurant with my parents on a Friday night.  We had a 7:30 reservation, arrived on time, and were seated and served promptly.
We split up the grilled calimari as an appetizer.  It tasted delicious and was served with a thin buttery sauce on the side.  The portion size of this dish relative to its price was not good, however.  I know it was only an appetizer, but it really was not a lot of food, even for one person.  They do serve a complimentary basket of bread with a squash type spread with dinner, though, which was a nice touch.  By the time the entrees came we were definitely not in a bad spot.
For dinner I had the chicken parm with a side of spaghetti, and I have to say that both were terrific.  The spaghetti was obviously prepared fresh, and the sauce was perfect.  The chicken was thin and crispy and was obviously a quality cut.  Delicious, really.  The portion size was pretty much perfect.  By the end of dinner we were quite content, but not too stuffed to turn down dessert.
After dinner we split up a dessert sampler, which was absolutely perfect for 3 people.  It had smaller cut up pieces of VERY fresh cannoli with a chocolate sauce, tiramisu, cheese cake with a graham cracker crust and strawberry sauce, and a chocolate mousse cake.  Though all of our entrees were excellent, I think we all liked this part of the meal most.  With coffees, which were very smooth and not weak, this dessert put a nice exclamation point on the meal.
The service was fantastic, by the way.  They seemed to always check in at the right times, kept our glasses full (with fresh ice/glasses without me even requesting it, which would have been a cardinal sin if they did not), and were very friendly and down to earth.  They made you feel right at home.
The decor is slightly better than average.  For a place this solid, you'd have hoped for a little more, but it had a nice charm of its own.  On the whole, entrees range in the $20 range.  For three people, splitting up 3 entrees, an appetizer, 1 drink each, and desserts/coffees, the bill came to about $135 total, after tax and tip.  Of course this one was on dad anyway, but the place is very fairly priced if you aren't being treated.
I'd be happy to go back here on my own dime, and very happy to go back here if it weren't.Amazing find. I am surprised this place is not rated higher on yelp. Huge portions and very tasty food. My wife and I split a portion each of Arancini and Gnocchi with Bolognese. Both were incredibly flavorful. The entree was a touch on the filling / heavy side, but hardly a reason to complain :-) in addition, we loved the caponata they serve with the bread. Will be back!Another great group dinner at Spasso.  We visited Philly several times over the past few years over Memorial Day weekend and we always make a dinner reservation one night here.  Authentic Italian cuisine, delicious and with excellent service.  Their antipasto platter which includes grilled and fried calamari, prosciutto, insalata caprese, grilled veggies and more is wonderful.  The selection on their menu, in addition to their daily specials is extensive.  Their wait staff is very good at helping you navigate through it to help you make choices.  Their selection of wines is also extensive and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend Spasso, it's a can't miss.Great atmosphere. A little older crowd. Pricier but worth it. Crunchy bread comes with sautéd veggies and oil. The grilled calamari is fresh and cook perfectly with a delicious sauce. The Seabass comes cooked to perfection which the waiter can fillet for you upon request. The seafood risotto comes with a healthy portion of calamari, fish, and jumbo shrimp and just may be the best Italian dish I've ever had. The sauce was amazing!My take on Italian is that most of the  time its-too heavy, thick..but I was surely impressed by this place, as it came highly recommended by good friend who is Italian. We went here Friday night, in wintry mix.. My friend knows the owner & his fiance very well..He said that the veal, also this bean & arugula dish was great, so he got side dish of it. Their homemade pasta was De-vine. I ended up with Veal , asparagus, & artichokes, roasted veggies & potatoes. The veal was auctious, light & moist!! It didn't sit heavy at all.The interior was rustic, brick walls, had that Tuscany feel.The restaurant was huge, he was able to add on: extra room seating, bar, now an area they can catering (banquets)that was closed off..
Would I go back, I think so..found myself  Completely in shock how impressed I was with the food & quality here .The service was very good as well.
Return Factor: A Definite!!
See if the are consistent.We came here during restaurant week and my boyfriend and I agreed it was excellent Italian food. We both decided before that we would eat half of our dishes and save the rest for later - but it was so good that didn't happen. The chicken fontinella was delicious! Got the cheesecake for dessert and it was excellent.I'd actually like to give Spasso 4.5 stars - it's just barely short of perfection. To sum up why I like this place I need only mention three things: 1) homemade (not sure, but tastes like it) pasta, 2) across the board FANTASTIC desserts, especially the creme brulee and 3) the nicest waiters you've ever met. After two visits, I think the best dishes I've sampled (off my family members' plates, that is) so far include the ravioli stuffed with mushrooms and cheese, the simple but delicious fettuccine pomodoro, and a seafood pasta that includes a hunk of salmon on the top. 
Warning though that it is a bit loud, low lighting and cramped quarters. Makes for a fun, intimate atmosphere, but I think both times we felt like at some point the volume got to be a bit much. Oh, and parking can be a nightmarish and/or pocket-fleecing experience. Overall, though, this is definitely a new Philly favorite!The specialty scallops positano was terrible. No one should ever order it. Price of $29 for three scallops each the size of a quarter.  The seafood was not fresh. The pasta is cooked al dente and difficult to digest. Parking is problematic. Also this restaurant needs to be cleaned and install upgraded amenities in restrooms (usually standard in any restaurant built in the last fifty years).I hate to be a jerk, this place may be fantastic but I will never know. My husband and I were in Philly for the weekend, staying at the Sheraton Society Hill. Our concierge suggested Spasso's. We have been to Philadelphia too many times to count, and wanted to try something new and with my husband running the Philly Marathon the next day we needed an early pasta dinner. So around 5 PM we ventured over and walked in for a table for two. This very snippy young lady told us we needed reservations. I said OK, looking around there were maybe a handful of patrons. We left. Outside, walking along the second dinning room with MANY tables, there were, again only a handful of patrons. I was angry and could not understand how at 5 PM with an empty dinning room how they could turn away a table for two. Sad.I don't know how this happened, but I just realized I've never reviewed Spasso.
Yelp introduced me to Spasso at an Elite event in... '08 maybe? Let's just say I've been back many  times since then. 6 times in the past 6 months to be exact. Everything from lunch with co-workers, to a first date, to birthday celebrations, to a large (80+ ppl) party.
There has never been one single thing that I can complain about at Spasso. The food is PHENOMENAL - Everyone I've EVER taken here says "wow, that was REALLY good" - and the service is IMPECCABLE. Whether you're dressed in black tie, or in jeans and flip flops (my uniform of choice), you'll never feel out of place.
I try a different dish every time I go, and halfway through the menu, I have never been disappointed.
The fact that all of this excellence comes so inexpensive is like mind-blowing.OMG everything I had There was so so good. I had the chicken marsala, but let's start with the salad. It was a Caesar salad. And when I first looked at it, I thought " hey they put too much dressing on this" , but as I started eating it it was lovely, with a hint of spices somehow. Then you get the pasta and vodka blush sauce (that alone could've been my meal) , and I would've been happy.  And alas the chicken marsala was divine. Don't know if I've ever had a greater meal than this. And then the TIRAMISU came out... oh God!This place was amazing! We decided to go out for date night, it was an added plus that it was restaurant week. We chose Spasso because it seemed to be the only place where you could choose from the entire menu excluding the specials. We expected half size or small portions because of the price. The place is gorgeous, looks like an authentic Italian restaurant. The staff was really nice and our server was extremely charismatic. I had the antipasto as an appetizer (ginormous portion), it was delicious. I went with a Spasso favorite which was the crab stuffed ravioli, which was also a large portion and it was delicious. We decided to share desserts I had the cheese cake which was phenomenal and she had the tiramisu. The tiramisu was honestly one of the best I have ever had. I will be returning! 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!Normally 4 stars but we were very disappointed with the meal and the service. The male server with a very strong Italian accent was more interested in the woman in the next booth, flirting and BSing during our visit. We had to ask a number of time for water, took forever to get our check, food was cold and when we mentioned it , they took it back and they just heated the macaroni and seafood. Came back mushy and the seafood was never returned. Now I'm having second thoughts about returning, the other couple were also displeased.Really enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer and veal saltimbocca.  Friendly service.My wife and I went here for valentine's day.  We were promptly seated and ordered drinks.  We heard the pasta was homemade, so we wanted to make sure one of our meals included the pasta.  A few of the entrees we wanted didn't come with pasta, but we found some great dishes.  I got the Veal Saltimbocca and my wife ordered some seafood pasta dish.  We also heard the calamari was very good, so there was some of that in her dish.  We wanted dessert, so no appetizers for us.  Our food arrived quickly and looked really good.  I thoroughly enjoyed my veal and it was cooked very nicely.  The linguine was delicious from my wife's plate as was the calamari.  The only thing my wife didn't enjoy, was the shrimp.  It seemed overcooked.  After another round of drinks, we ordered a creme brulee cheese cake.  That dessert was so good.  It was more cheesecake, with a creme brulee top, but we loved it.   
A lot of the other wait staff seemed better than our waitress, but everyone was friendly.  They gave us a carafe of water for the table, which allowed us to refill as needed.How this place has an overall rating of 4-stars amazes me.  
So, here's my theory...  Because the food is so good, that aggravates most people... I mean, who wants a perfect Italian meal? I know it sure as hell bothers me when everything comes out perfect and tastes even better... makes my blood boil.  And so, these happy customers take it out on Spasso's by giving them one-less star.  That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Lobster ravioli, grilled calamari and chicken parmesan were as deep as my wife and I had ventured, but we're definitely going back for more.Do not even think about wasting your time or money on this dump. It began with a bored hostess, an in attentive sever, mediocre food.    Pathetic.Food and service were good. Had the jumbo shrimp dish and it was delicious--very generous portions. Friends had the shrimp pasta and enjoyed it, other had very good meatballs. Overall tasty, warm place, atmosphere is average, great for a large group.Excellent italian food that never disappoints. The arancini (rice balls) and grilled calimari are an excellent starter. The shrimp fradiavalo is to die for.
The service was prompt but not hovering. Would definitely recommend.This place is awesome. Came here with a group of four on a pretty busy weekend night and were seated pretty promptly.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating to our questions about the menu and the wine. She recommended a delicious bottle of wine...we had two. All four of us really enjoyed our meals and the grilled calamari appetizer we shared was delicious. Probably the best grilled squid I've had. This place is located at the end of South Street not far from Penn's Landing. Surprisingly, there were a number of pretty convenient parking spaces right across the street from the restaurant. This place is A LOT bigger than it appears from the street and front dining room. There is another dining room towards the back that is out of sight. So this place can accommodate some pretty large parties.  Prices were very reasonable, and food quantities were more than adequate. My  mother couldn't even finish her cioppino. The clams vongole (my entree) was delicious and I recommend it.  The atmosphere was quite nice and overall the experience was pleasant and memorable.  I'll definitely be back.My boyfriend and I had a truly disappointing experience at Spasso last week.
First of all, the service was just really weird. Our waitress only addressed my boyfriend, never once acknowledging me unless I spoke. She asked him for his order, how his food was, if he needed refills, etc. I had to interject every time! So strange.
The food was lackluster to say the least. Cold bread with an overly vinegar-y tapenade to start. We shared the bruschetta which was far too light on the tomatoes and so heavy on the oil that it was literally dripping down our chins are we bit into the crunchy bread. Ick.
My gnocchi was mushy and the gorgonzola sauce required quite a bit of pepper and salt. Boyfriend's steak was cooked fine but the mushroom demi glace tasted like brown gravy and his side of potatoes were actually chewy.
My boyfriend liked the décor but personally I felt it was a bit dingy.
There are far better options for Italian in this city. I wouldn't waste my time here again.Excellent food and service. We shared the scallops and they were delicious and the waiter was very helpful and accommodating. Nice ambience.I love eating at this place for their Italian food! I go every year for my birthday dinner  and a couple other times throughout the year and look forward to it every time! The mussels are great and the pastas are fantastic. I've had a wide variety of items on the menu and I've never been disappointed. Service has always been wonderful and they they know their menu. Save room for dessert because the creme brûlée is awesome. I've recommend it to all my friends and they are hooked on this place too!Very good shrimp fra diavolo and gnocci bolognese, food quality holds and is quick when ordered for take out tooI went here for restaurant week last year, and it did not disappoint.  It was nice to go into the city and not have to search for parking or park far.  They have a lot right outside of restaurant.  We had a large party of 12, but we were seated right away a nice big round table that allowed us to converse and see eachother without having to look down the table.  Our waiter was outstanding and very knowledgeable about the food.  The food was outstanding.  I can be very picky about Italian, but this stuff was very authentic and delicious.  The portions were large and most of us left with carry out boxes.  The prices are very reasonable, and I look forward to going back.  They opened up another one in Media a while back that I haven't tried yet, but I will definitely be getting there soon.The clams in white wine were excellent. I had the soft shell crab with angel hair special which was excellent. Nice selection of wine reasonably priced. The service was friendly. Surrounded by parking lots which is a plus.I am giving 2 out of 5 because I haven't actually eaten here yet.  My husband and I wanted to go for dinner on New Years, before seeing the fireworks. About 4 days in advance, I made a reservation without any problems and we thought we were set. Unfortunately, they must have a policy about reconfirming reservations, as they called the night before and gave us only an hour to return the call before canceling our reservation.  We aren't roped to our phones, so we missed the call and our reservation.  I was very disappointed with how we were treated.Looking for a meal while enjoying a beautiful Sunday out in the city. This was arguably one of the worst meals I've eaten in a long time. The food was generic at best. Olive garden had better Italian. The service was almost non existent. We were only able to get one glass of wine through dinner because the waiter never came to order another. The only redeeming part was that the wine was terrible and tasted like it was opened for days. Perhaps we didn't need a second glass.
I am clueless how this had for stars with almost 200 reviews. Everything was heavy, one note, and not enjoyable. I would honestly rather go to Olive garden any day over this restaurant.Everything was delicious! I highly recommend everything we got:
grilled calamari - grilled to perfection! 
crab ravioli
zuppa di pesce - lots of seafood. Our favorite of the night.  
paparadelle procini - the pasta was a bit too hard for my taste, but the flavor was great.Fettuccine Alfredo on point. Great serving size. My gf loves their grilled calamari and gnocchi! Best of all I love the tiramisu.Great Italian place. The meal started with complimentary roasted vegetables which were excellent. The Zuppa di pesce was delicious and huge. Calamari were tender. The pomodoro sauce was delicious. I'm going back. I need to have the whole menu.I had my graduation dinner at Spasso. The place was huge and they treated us well. The food was very good and everyone left full. I will go back to sit outside with a smaller party.We went here with another couple. The atmosphere was fun waiters were attentive. We started with polenta and mushrooms and mussels both were delicious!! So many mussels!  I had a mixed drink the guys had beer. My boyfriend ordered the special pasta with scallops and I had Spasso penne. It was so tasty. In a light tomato cream sauce with ham mushrooms and peas. Then my girlfriend and I split the profiterole. It was huge and yummy. We all loved this place!! Thank you!!Why is the US obsessed with TV's????????? We felt as if we were in a Sears or Best Buy showroom only the food was better!
The place is deservedly busy but why oh why does one need two flat screen TV's in the actual restaurant area???????? There are three behind the bar and the other two really detract from the atmosphere and give the place a cheap sports bar feel, when the food states other things. The pasta dishes were generous, if a little traditional in style but the food was tasty.
We were disappointed as the kitchen does a fine job and the staff seem friendly and we had acceptable service, but the overbearing visual assault of 5 different channels from sport to CNN kills the atmosphere. I wanted to chat and soak up a special evening instead I was getting live Ferguson news updates mixed with basketball, baseball and other bloody sports....so at night time couldn't they switch the fecking TV's off????
You may deduce I don't get sport...and certainly I don't expect it to be thrust at me in a good Italian restaurant....maybe I'm old fashioned but I actual want to talk over dinner!We were in Philly for a day trip and after a long day of exploring, we wanted a hearty Italian meal. As if fate was smiling upon us, our Uber driver missed a turn and ended up dropping us off in front of Spasso instead of the parking garage holding our car a 100 feet away. It was 4:50p on Tuesday and the little shop looked delightfully quiet. No wait and potentially great Italian food? Count me in! We strolled In wearing causal clothing and did not feel looked down upon. The wait staff was extremely attentive and kind. I did the meal deal that included an app, entree, and dessert (fantastic price too). We had the grilled calamari for the app. It tasted very fresh but was definitely under seasoned. The bread with olive oil and veggie spread was delectable. My entree was a fresh tasting Linguine Ponza that had great tasting pieces of shrimp and crab meat throughout. Very hearty! For dessert we had the creme brûlée which simply melted on your tongue. Overall a great meal that leaves you pleasantly full with a wait staff that works hard to ensure you are content.This restaurant has been around for years for a reason.  Consistently good mid-priced Italian food.  Although the menu has been relatively stable for a long time (however they always have specials), the choices are interesting.  Nice sauces.Went here for my sister's high school graduation last week. Food was very good overall. 
I got the crabcake as an appetizer with the pesto risotto as a main course.  I also sampled some of my mother's mussels. My only complaint is that some of the waitstaff seemed a little incompetent. Everything else was smooth and our bill came to $350-something plus tip for a party of 9 including drinks and dessert. 
Would return.I have been here so many times, it is a nice Italian go to in Philly. 
It's nothing crazy, but the food is well above average, the portions are good and the prices are very fair.  I have had great service every time I have come here, even on a busy day such as Valentines Day. Which, btw, even though it was super crowded, it was still enough room for my bf and I to have a romantic and quiet dinning experience.
I would definitely recommend this place!Reasonable prices, cool ambiance, decent food, nice wait staff. Food was pretty good. Chicken parm hit the spot. The place definitely provides a real Italian feel, the first I've felt in Philly. Additionally, the restaurant attracted a lively, jovial crowd that makes patrons feel welcomed.Walked in and the hosts/servers across the room just stared at me. I smiled and motioned toward a table, but they ignored me and instead talked among themselves (though clearly it was about me). It was awkward and I felt like an idiot. It turned out they were expecting me to leave (and I almost did and wish I had), because when one of them finally approached me, it turned out they ASSUMED I was a lost high school kid. Maybe the food was good, I couldn't tell because of the bad taste that was left in my mouth after that rude experience. Deciding whether or not to serve someone based on their looks - good one.If you are in the heart of Old City Philadelphia and need a fixing of good Italian Food? This is a perfect spot, but I do advise on getting reservations even early on a Saturday Night. We sat at the bar area and was greatly nicely by the bartender and felt the same as if we were fine dining at a table. Nice outside seating area if you want to eat on the streets of Old City. For drinks they have a huge wine list, but I decided to start off with a glass of Sangria which was awesome and very refreshing. We decided on a bottle of wine where they had affordable brands across the board. We were given then extremely fresh bread and roasted vegetables. The peppers were out of this world I could have had more. For appetizers we decided on Fried Calamari which was awesome and worth getting. They had a nice menu with multiple options, but hearing the seafood special which included mussels clams and garlic bread with a sauce that made this dish and the fish extremely fresh and a perfect size portion. We both decided on this dish and were completely satisfied. This place was awesome and for any seafood lover a must try!The food was amazing, I wish I could say the same about the service, maybe they see too many tourists.  It was a great meal and the setting was nice.Our lunch had two items:
the rock shrimp over linguini, which was good but didn't blow us away; and the spinach ravioli with mushroom filling, which did blow us away. One of the better ravioli that we've had. I'd love to come back again because there are other tasty-sounding dishes on the menu.On a standard summer Friday night Spasso got the nod as it was close by and offered a view of the seemingly routine fireworks display at Penn's landing.  The food was passable and the service was pleasant.  I was seated outdoors so I cannot comment on the decor.  The veal was a bit tough, but the scallops and calamari were just right. For those looking for a safe, pleasant, experience look no further, just don't expect more than the norm.My husband wanted good italian and many places popped up. We decided on this one and glad we did. It was very good and the service was great. We will be back here the next time we are in Philadelphia.I wasn't as happy with my experience as others with this restaurant. we were sat at a booth with an excellent view of the italian decorated restaurant-very pretty inside. I had bruchetta, mussels, linguine with jumbo shrimp and crab meat and chocolate mousse cake. Our server didn't seem as knowledgable as he should have been-as my friend asked for meat-less, fish-less vegetarian options for appetizers, he suggested calamari. my mussels were cooked to perfection but the tomato broth wasn't impressive. i asked how many jumbo shrimp my meal would come with and he told me he thought five, but the plate arrived with just 3, slightly overcooked, sauteed jumbo shrimp. the pastas were perfectly cooked and the server was otherwise attentive. the chocolate mousse, however, was phenomenal. good but im in no rush to returnWe decided to try this place after ice skating at Penn's Landing...which was magical! Spasso's came up on Yelp as being the best for our current location.  Besides, we all agreed on a big bowl of Italian love! The atmosphere was quaint and relaxing. The service was impeccable.  The table bread and garnish was a nice touch. The food was fresh...the table ordered crab ravioli,  gorgonzola gnocchi,  and fettuccine with shrimp.
The ravioli were amazing!
The gnocchi was overpowering with flavor and lacked any color in the dish. It looked like a big bowl of mini marshmallows.  The gnocchi themselves were great. Needs something though
The fettuccine was bland in flavor.  It was supposed to be tossed in a pesto alfredo sauce...no flavor!  The noodles themselves were great.
We don't need to return since Philly has so many great choices.Went here last night (Saturday).  Service was sub par. Four of us sat down at a table. Waitress informed us she would be back to wipe table down then brought back water without wiping table down.  3 of our plates arrived. The 3 of us ate our full plates and shared with the 1 who didn't get their plate. We had to flag down a helper to find out what the deal was because our waitress never bothered checking in on us.  So our 4th ate the plate alone while we watched. We had ordered drinks to start. My glass was empty for about 20 minutes while this mishap of finding our plate was going on. Only got another drink because waitress offered us another round to make up for the inconvenience   The food that came in late was still on bill  and where I can understand giving a free round of drinks I would have preferred getting that food to go and just leaving.   The waitress blamed the whole confusion on being busy- I've been in busy restaurants and never had this happen and pretty bad to make that the excuse.   I wasn't going to post about this except about 30-40 minutes after leaving my girlfriend got violently sick at our friends apartment and ended up flushing all her crab meat ravioli down the toilet.  Our friend who shared part of this plate because they forgot her food also got sick later that night.  Will never return.We ad a party of seven and ordered across the menu from linguine with clams to eggplant parmigiana.  Everyone likes their meal and the prices were fair. Service was excellent - the waiter gave good recommendations,  food delivery prompt and service overall excellent.  We preserved two different wines - a Merlot Cab blend and a Rioja.  Both were very drinkable and priced under $40.  We would recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for a good meal at a good price.One of my favorite places to have Italian and I mean real Italian food chief Massimo is amazing !!! I would highly recommend it.Very pleased - went here on the suggestion of a Sheraton Hotel Staff member, had the ravioli, which is made with a spinach dough - so it has a different texture than typical pasta, however it was great, it was stuffed with four cheese and mushroom and then there was a great white wine sauce - was very pleased.Very good food at very fair prices. I'm a college undergrad and was taking my sister out to dinner after a movie at the Ritz, as a belated birthday gift for the two of us Saturday night. I was surprised (considering location, food quality, atmosphere, and how full I left after eating) by how fair the prices were, we did no research in advance so it was totally serendipity we went there. 
We ordered, for $60:
- Mussels (Huge Bowl)
- Calamari
- Gnocchi Gorgonzola
- Chicken Something (stuffed with prosciutto and with vegetables)
- Literally ate a loaf of bread each
- Drinks
The mussels we had were very good and came with an amazing broth, that was literally so good I ask for them to put it in to something to go (even a standard plastic cup, I didn't care) - so I could finish it later. The broth was even better the next day!  Also, the calamari was good, not as crunchy as I hope, but still pretty great. 
I had the Gnocchi Gorgonzola, which was extremely rich, but tasty. I was pretty full off the awesome apps, so I only put a little dent in it. As you probably already know, gnocchi especially in cream sauce isn't nearly as good the next day - but, that's what I get for ordering enough apps for a family of six. Honestly, it probably could have used some herbs or something to lighten it up, but again the gnocchi on the own were heaven.
Overall, great experience and I'd definitely recommending going there.Went again, this time with two other friends.  This place definitely falls into the 3.5-4 star range every time.  You'll likely never get a 4.5-5 star meal but you're just as likely to never get under a 3.5 star meal.  Very consistent, very solid Italian at "just-higher-than-Olive Garden" prices.  
The waiter this time wasn't quite as affable but he was consistent.  The bus staff refills water at a torrid pace and bread refills come, sometimes even without asking.  
The pomodoro sauce is wonderfully garlicky and full of fresh basil.  The vodka sauce was also good.
Recommended for groups!Spasso Italian Grille really is as good as it gets.  Pure Perfection!  I have eaten there on many occasions when I am visiting Old City.  The food is authentic Italian.  Always hot and fresh.   It has never been less than fabulous.  They even kindly prepared a dish that was not part of their regular menu for a family member of mine.  Ooh, and the bread and marinated vegetables are divine.
Classy hostess and fine waiters.  The atmosphere is unpretentious.  I love the exposed brick and murals.  And...because it is important to me...the restrooms are always clean.Very accommodating restaurant. Food was decent. We had the bruschetta which was great, the antipasto platter which was okay, and I had chicken parm for dinner. The sauce was just okay...that was a bit disappointing. The rest of our group enjoyed their meals, especially the calamari and the gnocchi.The best meal we had in Philly.  This place is awesome!  Even the kids cleaned their plate.  The combination desert platter is a good way to try a little bit of everything.My husband and I found this restaurant after we left another before we got our food. When we walked in and it felt right. Our waiter was very nice and made us feel welcomed. I ordered the lasagna and my husband had the fettuccine shrimp. Absolutely delicious!! I have had many lasagnas and this is by far one of the best. It was creamy and just right. My husband was very jealous of my choice. Don't get me wrong, his fettuccine shrimp was amazing too.  Overall, it was a great way to end our weekend in Pennsylvania.First timer here. Ordered the grilled calamari and salmon. Both were perfect! Go for outdoor seating on a nice sunny dayThis place is amazing. Our server was extremely attentive, knowledgable and friendly. We ordered the octopus carpaccio, the escargot, the sole entree (special, they deboned it right at the table!), shrimp pappardelle (special), crab ravioli, tartufo, and creme brulee. My family and I could not complain about a single thing. Everything was cooked perfectly. I would go back in a heart beat!Took my parents here on a Saturday evening and didn't have to wait for seating which was nice even though the restaurant was full. The food was simple and delicious. We had fettucine with red sauce, gnocchi with asparagus and four cheese ravioli. The portion sizes were not too bad either for sharing. We also had the tiramisu and tartufo for dessert along with a Cabernet wine. 
My only complaint: although our waitress was very good, the hostess was inattentive and the bus boys/girls were zoned out. Hopefully it was just that night.First off I would like to say that I am Italian and I am highly critical of most Italian restaurants. The food here is very good! Reminds me of having a home cooked meal. They know their way with the spices and I have never been disappointed with a meal here. The staff is great, even went out of their way to make something the little one would like!
I recommend the Fusilli Lunghi. This has been my favorite dish so far.Good red sauce Italian.
They will always find space to accommodate you even in the busiest of times.
Great pasta and the arancini are to die for.A perfect meal! Everything was amazing. Four cheese ravioli, crab and veal, tiramisu and cannoli!We had a small party here for 30 people.  We were placed in a small room off the bar that was set up with a hors de'ouvres table.  We had an open bar and wine on the table.  We had three entrée choices, salad, pasta course and an array of desserts.  The food, service, and ambience were outstanding.   They handled the affair beautifully. All our guests comments how nice the dinner was.  Spasso's is a real winner.  The restaurant is great and their catering superb.My friend in Philadelphia constantly told me about this place (I live in CA), so when I went out to the East for a visit we went here for dinner.  Oh my goodness, the seafood pasta I had was absolutely delicious, and the portion was huge!  I think they have generous portions for everything on the menu.
The staff was attentive and friendly, and they didn't mind us staying late past closing.  I'll definitely come back here again the next time I'm in town.Our experience started out good, a nice table outside looking out at the bridge. We first enjoyed a delicious bowl of muscles and were content that our meals would be the same, but we were sadly wrong. The worst part was the extremely overcooked and dry shrimp kabobs, which I would highly recommend not getting. The soft crab was unappetizing and not worthy of being called a "special". The rest of the food (gnocchi and scallops)  had no specific problems but was Hardly average.Incredibly mediocre food. The Shrimp Fradiavolo was very bland and disappointing. The food took a long time to come out as well so it was very disappointing for it to be so "meh".
Our server was also very snarky and rude when we requested the checks to be separate.My sister and I decided to have an early dinner here on Easter with her 3 month old son. We sat outside because it was a beautiful day and didn't want the hassle of getting my nephew's stroller in the restaurant and of it being in the way. Upon arrival we were excited because it was busy inside and we also looked at raving reviews on Yelp before hand. Here's where everything took a turn for the worst. Guests from inside the restaurant came outside to smoke right in front of our table. My sister then took my nephew for a stroll so he wouldn't be inhaling the smoke. People just kept coming out to smoke and I eventually asked to switch tables. I later found out from another waiter who noticed we changed tables that these guests aren't allowed to smoke around the tables and that our waiter should've moved us or told the smokers to move. Bad move on our waitress' part, but she was sweet nonetheless. Then comes our food which took forever to come out, but we were forgiving of that because it was Easter. We got grilled calamari and little neck clams in white sauce for our appetizers. The calamari was nothing special, but the little necks literally tasted like you were eating the beach. It's unfortunate because the white sauce was really delicious. For our entrees I got gnocchi bolognese and my sister had the veal and crabmeat. I was not a fan of the gnocchi, it tasted extremely bland and not fresh and the sauce was mediocre. The veal my sister had was extremely chewy and tasted like a lemon wedge because of how much lemon was in the sauce. The crabmeat tasted like it came out of a can. The veal and crabmeat came with roasted potatoes that were hard as hockey pucks. Overall, not a great experience and I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.It's tough review to write and if I ever go there again. I will update it. We were in Philly for a concert in Tin Angel and were short on time with no preplanned reservations. The places we wanted to go were booked so we stumbled here. We were seated at the bar. The place is pretty big with a a few rooms, a little ran down in my opinion & could use some TLC. The atmosphere was not very cozy and it was pretty dark. The service 2 1/2 stars at the bar- not refilling water, not picking up dirty plates etc but they were pretty busy and service was not slow. 
As far as food, in general it's pretty good and depends on what your expectations are. Menu consists of pasta and some veal dishes. No lasagna though. They have specials every day of the week. I loved their free caponata to start. At the suggestions of the waitress I ordered grilled calamari as it is their popular dish, it was ok but nothing to write home about. Fried mozzarella was really good as well as veal porcini. Vegetables cooked just right with slight crunchiness. Gnocchi with asparagus sauce were melting in your mouth and if you are fan of gnocchi you'd love it. Generally, I had mixed feelings about that place. I would not specifically chose this restaurant among all options in Philly these days but it worked for us at that moment and food was decent. I would probably give them 3.5 but there is no option like that and 4 at that visit would be too high in my opinion.
Update
Had a better meal and slightly better service. I'd say 3.75 as I feel 4 stars would be too high. Please note both times we ate at the bar.I went on a Sunday evening.  The staff was friendly until we ordered soda instead of alcohol.  I LOVE salt. Love it. That being said, the bruschetta was so salty I couldn't finish it.  I feel like I could have gotten much better tasting food at The Olive Garden (kill me now), and it would have been far cheaper.  You can find better Italian food for a much better price in the city.After searching out the possibilities in Old CIty, Spasso won for our rehearsal dinner site with its' really superb food (we had dinner beforehand to try it out) and extremely fair price (less than 30 a head if you cut out the pasta portion). They did absolutely wonderful handling our 40+ party. The servers were pleasant and attentive and we felt so comfortable in the private room. We got everything we needed and the price was great for what we got. Many of our guests commented on how great the food was and how yummy the dessert tray was. Thank you Spasso!Hostess on Sat. Night is extremely rude and unwelcoming. With so many restaurants to choose from in the city these days, an attitude adjustment is in order. Food is okay. I have had much better in South Philly Italian restaurants. Doubt I will be going back any time soon.Came here tonight for dinner. 
I'm from San Diego and have high expectations for Italian food when I travel back east. 
Wow this was very disappointing. 
Service was slow!
The spaghetti tasted like it was out of a can! 
Pasta was over cooked, sauce YUCK! 
Salad veggies were hard as a rock. Don't waste your money or time at this place. 
I couldn't even eat most of the food I ordered.Having dinner at spasso's. Blood orange red martini's ,, shrimp bisque soup and Caesar salad,,,lobster strudel in white wine sauce,,  and linguini parmasean w/ shrimp n crabmeat. Ummm ummm goodI eat at Spasso every Saturday 
It Is wonderful 
The saffron tomato soup is delicious 
The mushroom brie Flatbread is also greatI have this vision in my head of an Italian family having a meal at home.  I see lots of clinking glassware and utensils.  Pasta, pasta , pasta, everywhere you look.  Large plates of food passed in all directions.  Lively animated conversations.   That's exactly what I experienced last night at Spasso.
The lovely wife and daughter had spent a long day at the Flower Show.  I picked them up and off we went to Front Street.  It was our lucky day and we found street parking a block away.  We had 6:00 PM OpenTable reservations.  We showed up on time and the place was packed.  Happy diners chatting away everywhere we looked and the noise level was high.  That's the one negative point I'll make about last night's meal.  It was a challenge to have a conversation but it was possible.  Much of this may be due to Flower Show week which brings an amazing number of folks to Philly restaurants.
We were seated right away and bread and a delicious marinated vegetable topping quickly appeared and just as quickly were devoured.  Refills were not a problem.
Our waiter was a true delight.  He was Italian, humorous, animated, and most importantly efficient.  He was the perfect example of how a great wait staff can at that extra dimension to enhance a fine meal.
So what about the food?  Papardelle Porcini immediately caught my eye.  I love those wide wide noodles especially if they are homemade as they are here.  The icing on the cake was that this dish included chicken and was served in a cognac sauce.  It was OMG delicious and a large portion.  I was in heaven for $17.00.  By the way, mid to high teens is a typical price for and entrée here.
My dining companions both had different entrees and both pronounced them excellent.  Everyone says the deserts are excellent but we were too stuffed to give them a try.  As with most visitors we would go back here in a heartbeat and that is sure to happen with us!