One of the best burgers in Philly!
Low key joint with just a few tables and the kitchen in the dining room. But, don't let the modest face fool you, this place rocks!
Menu is creative and fully customizable. Burgers are cooked on a flattop, perfectly seared, juicy, slightly charred. Fries are hand cut, fried fresh, perfectly crispy and salty. What more could you ask for from a burger place? 
Pro tip - Download the SPOT app for a rewards program and some good coupons (aka free fries!).Spot has been on my burger list to try for sometime. Spot burger consistently shows up on numerous best of Philly burger lists. When they opened up shop in Brewery town, I quickly bookmarked Spot and waited for a burger craving to hit me to give it a try.
Spot is on West Girard Ave and I was able to find parking easily and close by on a Sunday night. The space is clean and bright with tables in the front, and back. There is also counter seating. There was some nice use of wood on the walls which gave Spot a cool urban vibe design.
The people that work at Spot were very friendly and helpful. They explained the specials and helped us with suggestions. I was surprised that Spot has other items such as Fish & Chips and Muscles in addition to burgers, sloppy Joe's, pulled pork and cheese steaks. Mental notes for my next visit.
I went with the Spot burger; which had hickory smoked bacon, cheddar, pickles, coleslaw and Spot sauce. This was a great burger. The bun was excellent, fresh and toasted just right.  The burger was moist and juicy. The bacon was great and the slaw and sauce really made this one darn tasty burger. My daughter had the Santa Fe with Avocado, pepper jack cheese, jalapeño, red onion, sun dried tomatoes and a slightly spicy sauce. This was also a really good tasting burger! Spot really shines with their use unique toppings and sauces. 
We ordered the plain fries too and these were crispy and not greasy. They were very good fries but Sketch still has my favorite fries. We had a couple of Fanta sodas too, which was pretty cool. All of our food came out surprisingly fast.
Spot is very high up on my burger list and very close to Sketch. Spot lived up to the hype and is really cool little place in an up and coming section of the city. I will be back and probably soon. 4 plus Yelps.Finally the brick and mortar version of Spot has arrived!  Inventive burgers, the freshest ingredients and a lively, family friendly atmosphere. Get there during the off peak times if you want to be ensured a seat. This place fills up fast!  Looking forward to eating my way through the burgers, then the other hot specialty sandwiches.  
Still sniffing the fat and juices on my fingers long after the burger is gone. Sad to have to wash my hands.First time venturing out to Brewerytown! 
Anyways, the burgers were so good! You can get them medium rare or to other likings. The buns were that soft potato roll quality like shake shack's. The size is bigger &thicker than shake shack but smaller/thinner than regular steakhouse burgers. 
What made the burgers so good were flavors! 
I got umami burger which has sauce based on korean ssam-jang (miso/chili pepper paste) and topped with mushrooms and shredded lettuce+cucumber. I wasnt sure how the sauce will play with the burger but boy did that combo work! Lk the name, lot of umami from the sauce with a nice refreshing balance from the veggies. I've never had a burger taste like this before. 
Bf got butcher burger which had onion, tomato, and horseradish sauce. The sauce in there was also awesome, giving the greasy burg an extra kick. 
Service was quick and friendly. Not a lot of space for a large group though. 
Oh and it's byob? We picked up some beer from rybrew across the street while waiting for the burgers. There seem to be other cool new spots around here like crime and punishment brewery, and aforementioned rybrew, which is somewhat like foodery.Best burger joint I've seen in a while. Nice variety on the menu as far as burger/cheesesteak/pork style sandwiches go. And they do a different special sandwich every week;which has consiquently bumped me from a semi-regular customer up to a once or twice a week reg. 
Service is friendly from the cashier to the fry guys to Josh and his happy helpers in the back. They're always helpful and enjoy chit chat and quick jokes. They seem to genuinely enjoy their job and social interaction. It's always fun to catch them jamming out to the eclectic rock station always playing for ambiance. Just a chill group of guys n gals.
I don't want to call the space SMALL because it doesn't feel cramped. It's more like its interactive and fitting for a fast-moving burger joint. Think diner meets pizza place meets local bar type of feel. Low rise tables in front for relaxing, some hightops with a different perspective in the corner, and the bar-style counter make it so u can pick your style comfort. With paintings and articles all over, you're bound to have some conversation pieces nearby as well.
Everything seems clean. From tables floors and counters, to the separate area in the back for butchering meets, to the clearly labeled bins for different trash and recyclables.
Overall 5star for these guys. Try the Charlie Brown for some Philly style comfort food.Came here for the first time yesterday and I had their Spot burger and cheese fries. Best burgers!!!! And cheese fries are not cheese from a can! Super fresh and juicy and amazing customer service . Very clean inside. Will be returningI love these burgers.  The fries are pretty good, too.  Don't even get me started on the cheese steaks.  Try to go during daylight hours.  The street is a little on the rough side.  Fitting more than one baby in there who needs a high chair is pretty tough.Definitely a good go to burger place. The chicken stew they currently have though.... OMFG! YUM!!i showed up here with 5 kids and 5 adults and the staff was so friendly, accommodating and super patient! the chicken cheesesteaks are amazing and the fries are crispy and seasoned well. they had chocolate and vanilla ice cream for all of the kids too :)treated a new friend to lunch at spot burger today and all i can say is it definitely earned me some cool points. food was better than before. got plain fries as opposed to cheese fries and was much happier. my friend was just flabergasted. she thoroughly enjoyed the meal. my only gripe is i cant seem to find their menu online ANYWHERE! i really wanted to try something different but i didnt wanna spend 5 mins on the phone inquiring about the menu to do so. spot burger guys, if your menu is online somewhere please direct me to it so i can try more of it.Just perfect burgers. This is our place to go on Girard, now. The toppings are great, the service is quick, and the price is good given the quantity of food.Got the RIzzo and it was awesome. Cooked perfectly! Also got the drunken fries (a must) Staff was super friendly and was having a great time. 10/10 would SPOT burger again.finally caught up with Spot burgers at their new brick & mortar in brewerytown...
the SpOt burger is uniquely delicious! with an amazing combination of flavor & texture (slaw & pickles anyone?). love the soft potato roll.
aside from the burger, this might be the best cheesesteak in Philly?! cheese fries are also a must. will definitely be back to eat my way through the menu!The best burgers you can have delivered to you! I highly recommend them! Each one was cooked to perfection! Fries were good too!When they first opened it was consistently amazing but now not so much. I live 400 feet away and every time we have ordered in the past few months, food comes out soggy, we show up on time to wait for fries so burgers get cold. Not sure what is missing in the process because they always have plenty of people working. Need to refocus on the details to make the burgers worth another try!I don't always give four stars and it's rare that I get 5 but this restaurant had a great burger great fries and I believe the owner was the one that helped me because he was really really nice very professional definitely would come again.What a wonderful find. This little hole in the wall, is a little slice of heaven that is clean and welcoming. The burgers smell great cooking on the grill and taste even better. The chicken burger is made with ground chicken and the sirloin tastes so fresh. I didn't have the fries but they looked awesome. Can't wait to go back!Great burgers at a great price.
I came to Spot for lunch with my coworker earlier, and we were both really impressed with the menu, the burgers, and the service. Spot offers a pretty unique menu (burgers with everything from blue cheese to pickled daikon and gochujung paste) which is definitely enough to bring people in, but it's the juicy burgers, toasted buns, fresh veggies, and great flavors that will keep them coming back. 
We got the cheese-fries (fresh and good but nothing that'll blow your mind), the spot burger, and the umami burger. 
The spot burger was classic with a twist: a beef burger with bacon and chedder, pickles, coleslaw, and spot sauce. The pickles and slaw kept the burger tasting really fresh/not overwhelmingly meaty. 
The umami burger was definitely a bit heavier, but also more flavorful: grilled onions, mushrooms, pickled diakon, cucumber, gochujung, teriyaki, lettuce. I thought it was really great, the flavors were definitely there, but it was a bit too heavy for me so I couldn't finish my half. Definitely not something to get if you're trying to find something light!
Overally I was impressed, and I'd definitely be willing to come back again on a day when I'm really craving a burger! 
*The guys sitting next to me said they come about 2-3 times per week, and they've yet to try something they don't like. I believe it.After one visit this has now become our favorite burger joint in the area. We loved the amount of choices we have for toppings and were more than pleasantly surprised at just how good the burgers came out. 
The Santa Fe Chicken burger is made from ground chicken, not those chicken breasts like most places use. 
The Umami burger had great flavors and texture, it wasn't easy to put down out of fear of her eating it too. 
The cheese fries use real cheese in their sauce and it shows, none of that plastic textured fake cheese. 
Definitely coming here more often.Spot burgers are delicious I love them so much. I love that they have so many vigan options for burgers. Their fries are oh so good and naturally cut delicious. Delivery is always good and they are always very friendly.Best burger and fries. Very tasty. Yum. Also try the cheesesteak,excellent.  Support our local restaurant's.Great burgers. I always mean to try the cheesesteak, but can't break away from the Charlie Brown, which I've been ordering since Spot was a cart on Drexel's campus.
It can get crowded in there, but that's what happens when you're serving what is in the running for best burger in the city.
Don't sleep on their specials either - the corn dogs were great!Their smoked brisket sandwich they have on special is possibly in the top 10 things I've ever eaten.The burgers are pretty good even though they are about the same price as Five Guys.  Overall, my meal for my first visit which was a basic burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and fries were surprisingly good. I would definitely go back.Awesome place, love the southwest chicken, add some spot sauce to it and it's perfectEasily the best burger I have ever had! The service was fast and you get great quality food. Best burger in Philly!I've been to Spot Burger probably around 5 times in the past two months and it is everything that these reviews say they are and more. Delicious! Every time I go, I try something new, until I have had everything on the menu (which might be soon). I've always been a fan of shake shack, but since the brick and mortar location opened up within walking distance from my place, I havent been anywhere else for a cheesesteak or burger. Everytime I walk in, it's hello from every worker in the place, and a thank you for my business as I leave. Eat here, you won't regret it.If you're craving a burger and in the area, SPOT is the spot to go. They boast a variety of burgers and even offer mini-burgers if the size of a full burger intimidates you. Prices are reasonable (around $7-10 per burger, depending on what you get). 
Overall, the burger was tasty - slightly better than something I'd expect from a backyard BBQ. It hit the spot, that's for sure.Sometimes a short and sweet review is fine but I really want to take a moment and do a re-review of this place. 
I've lived up the street from Spot Burgers for two+ years now and since day one I've felt that this place makes me feel at home. These feelings have not changed. The quality of the food has maintained an extremely high bar despite multiple staff changes over the course of the two+ years I've been visiting. Some places definitely have good and bad days depending on who's the line, but I can say with confidence that Spot has not had a bad day.
My favorite quick bites:
Wimpy's and Hotdogs. 
My favorite burger on the menu: 
The Santa Fe. 
This is out of everything on the menu and I've had the entire menu. There are no wrong choices when you come into Spot. They also will frequently do specials and these specials are not always what you'd expect. Pulled pork, smoked brisket, short rib sandwich, fish and chips, hell even a noodle bowl. 
The staff is comprised of some really hard working folks that will do what they can to make sure your order is stellar. They're also some of the most friendly people I've met. There have been times I've been in there just to chat with Josh and he was happy to have the conversation. If Cheers were a burger shop, that'd be Spot. 
At the end of the month I'm moving away from Brewerytown but I will be back to visit Spot. Because Spot makes me feel like I'm at home and you just can't fake that.great burger spot, no frills, great staff and amazing prices. Love that this is right down the block!I am obsessed with burgers; and I can honestly say this was the best burger I have ever had, my friends also agree this was the absolute best. Every ingredient is so fresh, the meat is juicy, the sauces, the fries, we tried the Pondorossa which was amazing and my personal favorite which was on a "secret menu" was their version of a Big Mac, seriously can not say enough- BEST BURGER EVER- the place is small and causal, and the service is awesome- everyone is so nice- and you can tell the food is made with only the best. 100000% recommend, they also had a lot of great vegetarian options.Awesome place -small comfy and clean.  The fries are the best and the burgers awesome too!  Thanks for taking care of our large order early on a Saturday!  Great customer service.  We will be back:)Definately worth the trip into Brewerytown. The burgers here are amongst the best, if not THE best in Philly.  Nice sized burgers with a heavy, dark sear cooked to a perfect medium. Biting through that soft, dense roll then into the delicious, crusty carmelized goodness of the sear, then finally the explosion of hot juices as your teeth sink through the rich, perfectly cooked middle of the burger is an experience not to be missed. I've gotten the spot burger there and never been dissapointed. If  the owner has the chili up on the board, be sure to try that too.Best burger ever? Maybe.  If you like great burgers try this place. Sure Philadelphia has a lot of good burger places but this one stands out.  Everything is fresh and crunchy .  Try the fries they are a real treat.  If your in the area stop in.  It's small but worth it.SO DELICIOUS!! Great burgers and great staff. this is right up the street from my apartment and it is hard to not eat it every day, it's a nice switch from the classic burger jointsThis place has awesome food. They have Really awesome burgers, n the Drunken pork fries are where it's at.Finally got a chance to try this new place. I've heard a lot about it and it's prior iteration, a la food truck. 
I opted for the first item on the menu, and it didn't disappoint. The Spot burger was delicious! Well cooked and prepared expertly. The pickles were a tasty surprise mid way. 
Per recommendation of my cashier, the cheese fries were exactly what you hope for when ordering fried foods covered in liquid cheese. 
Overall, great place.Came in about an hour ago and got the cheesesteak and the spot burger and fries.  I only intended on eating one tonight, but the cheesesteak was so good I had to try the burger.  I finished both and they were amazing, and this is coming from someone who eats burgers and cheesesteaks all the time.  Will definitely be returning soon!Great variety of special burgers/sandwiches being rotated. Quality of beef is excellent and burgers have always been done to my specified preference (medium)- They do a Perfect medium every time  
I love the spot burger w/the cheese fries . If you like gooey,whiz covered fries you'll loooooooove these. No skimping anywhere at spot.
Only things I would say need improving: the fry forks are not great. Too small? It's also super hot inside. I get It though, the grill is RIGHT there.Yes! Just go. Stop reading this review and go. The burgers are delicious with great combos. They have burgers for everyone: beef, chicken and (real!) veggie. Make sure you get some fries too! I've been six times and yet to have a miss. Don't think I ever will. 
The staff is very friendly and they work fast.Finally the brick and mortar version of Spot has arrived!  Inventive burgers, the freshest ingredients and a lively, family friendly atmosphere. Get there during the off peak times if you want to be ensured a seat. This place fills up fast!  Looking forward to eating my way through the burgers, then the other hot specialty sandwiches.Wow what more can I say. There menu is so creative and all of the flavors work so great together. I will eventually try everything on the menu. Wish I lived closer so I could walk here everyday!! Sooooo goodQuite simply, Spot puts other burger places to shame. Quality ingredients top to bottomAmazing burgers! FB had the Spot burger and I had the blue cheese burger, both were delicious.  They have a good selection of Mexican sodas in the fridge.Best cheese fries I've had in such a long time. Fresh cut, double fried, and topped with cheese sauce (not the melted slice cheese nonsense). Almost didn't share the fries with my kid, but she kept eyeing me so...yeah.
Ordered the cheesesteak and that was pretty good. Enough flavor where it doesn't overpower the beefy taste. Loved the caramelized onions. Couldn't finish it though, had to take the other half to go.
Super friendly people that work there. It's not very big inside so seats are limited. FYI, no AC. You have a fan, four walls, and a ceiling shielding you from the sun. Food is worth the open kitchen heat though.
No bougie, no bull, just good food and good people.This is probably the best burger place I have ever been to! The are always quick, courteous and make the food fresh and delicious. The burgers come out perfect and never soggy. The fries are delicious.Nice variety of burgers on the menu.  The person taking our order was very helpful and provided good service.  Simple seating.  Great for take out.  Burgers are big and bacon was crispy (an absolute must).  Had the Roquefort and The Billy.  Yum.  Only one order of fries was needed - 2 people.  Didn't get anything to drink.  Be sure to download the app to get coupons.  
Will come back!!Best burger. Mirror on the wall will say the same! Every item beef chicken pork is outstanding. Besides service is great. A bell rings each time we tip as a thank you. Pretty cool. Go Sp0t!Amazing burger and great service. Would definitely recommend. Not too far from the art museum. There are only a few tables but they also deliver and you can take it to go. Love the place and will go back when I travel through.Had the Spot burger!! It was amazing. Charlie Brown is next on my list to try. Owner was awesome cannot wait to go backHave tried burgers, mini burgers and fries...can't.get.enough. Burgers are perfectly juicy, gourmet toppings on point and fries so good they don't need anything but salt. My new burger and fries go to.My wife and I had lunch one saturday afternoon at this place
maybe 2 weeks ago the name speaks for it's self
everything was on the spot they make 5 guys look like
Mcdonalds this is my new home thank you guys
customer service was awesome 100I was here for the first time a couple days ago.  They are a burger place but are quite creative with their recipes.  You will get burgers made different ways - think of it as the opposite of shake shack or In N Out.  You get quality food but the recipes are more complex rather than the simple burgers with special sauce.   I ordered the Jawn - a mix of sloppy joe meat, fries, and some cut of meat in between a hamburger bun.  Very tasty indeed!   
It is however a small spot with small tables.   If you are going with a larger group, you may be eating outside.Good burger and fries. I will try the cheese steak next time.not too bad. good tasting burgers, but the place is kind of small - limited sitting area. And the burgers are a bit on the small side for me.Great burger and fries . Ordered delivery and still had great flavor which sometimes you lose with delivery. Cheese fries were delicious as well.Lived Up To The Hype!
Went to Spot last night with GF. I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, but Spot deserves it. 
Atmosphere was clean and inviting. People were very friendly and helpful. 
GF ordered a Spot Burger and I ordered the Ribeye Cheesesteak. We also got fries and a Spot Roll too. 
While neither of us cared for the Spot Roll, the rest was outstanding. The Spot Burger was juicy and delicious. The fries were very tasty- maybe because of the lard they're cooked in.
Now for my assessment of the cheesesteak. As a lifelong connoisseur of cheesesteaks, I don't say this lightly: maybe the best cheesesteak I ever had. Un-friggin-believable! I've only had a few cheesesteaks come close. This cheesesteak stands out in a category all its own. The meat was tender and succulent. The roll seemed toasted.  Just unbelievable flavor. 
Whatever these people are doing, they're doing it right. They know how to work the magic. 
I WILL be back. 
I love Bahn Mi, so I can't wait to try it here.The burgers at Spot Burger are very amazing and good. I usually order burgers for takeout. The side dining area with the high chairs is pretty neat to eat at, you can actually see your burgers being made. Definitely give Spot burgers a try. My only suggestion is a wish they would have more of a selection of craft burgers, and also carry Crispy chicken sandwiches and buffalo chicken sandwiches.Really great food. Placed my first order today and had it delivered. The food was spot on and delivered on time.I'll keep it short and sweet: Incredible. 
Burgers are incredible, the steak sandwiches are great, and the Sloppy Joes make you feel at home. 
Extremely friendly staff. 
This is "eat there every night" caliber.This food was so good. Be warned if you are not familiar with the area that parking is very difficult and there is little seating inside the restaurant but it's worth a trip for the food. I had their cheese steak fries and they did not disappoint.The best $8 burger I've ever had in Philly. I ordered the Roquefort and my wife got the Umami. I actually liked hers a little bit more but both were tender, flavorful, juicy, and didn't fall apart. The buns were fluffy but not stick-to-your-mouth sticky. The grilled onions and mushrooms on mine were a great compliment to the burger. We got ours medium rare and it was just right. They hire people in the neighborhood which shows how much they care about the community and involving the community in their business success. It's also a BYOB so we got beer across the street and brought it in which made it even better. 
Now the fries are hand cut and fried to perfection. We had to share them because there were so many. It's hard to find a place whose fries are up to par with the burgers but Spot does it right. I'll be back many times and bring my friends as this is one of the few places on Girard Ave in Brewerytown that has the quality of food and kind staff that deserves repeat business.Best Burger I Ever Had. Just Kind Of Expensive. Its Worth It Tho. And I Just Love The Potato Buns, Wish It Was A Little BiggerThe burgers here are amazing! The beef is freshly ground and seasoned perfectly. The full size burger is big but there's also a "wimpy" size. Yes I get the wimpy size because the fries are so good! They're hand cut and freshly fried perfectly not too light and not too dark.  I've also had the beer battered cod sandwich that was also really good! The staff is friendly. Be sure to check the special board! We also brought in our own sodas to avoid the stupid soda tax!Ive only ever had their burgers delivered but it is a treat every time. The burger is just the right size for me - almost shareable, very filling. Ive tried the chicken burger too, which was  tasty and with lots of fresh herbs. I still prefer the red meat personally. And the fries also were a nice treat - I dont love fries but these were so perfect I might indulge again in the future. Everything tasted freshly made and not the usual frozen crap available on grubhub. I get it delivered to my job, on the other side of the city so for everything to be still between warm and fresh off the grill, I am a big fan!This place is Great! It's not fancy, but still nice and provides a seriously high quality product. All the burgers are made from scratch and the passion for providing a delicious burger is evident from your first bite to your last. The JAWN is absolutely incredible and pretty much all I get when I come here, but you cannot go wrong with any optionWe hit this place with the family in tow after visiting the art museum. Cheesesteak here was much better than Pats/Genos... But the burgers were out of this world good. My son and I split the Santa Fe burger (avacado/jalepeno, etc). Fries were perfect. And... The people behind the counter were super friendly.From the award winning cheesesteaks to the chicken burgers, their creations are extraordinary. I am a SpOt burger addict - the cravings hit me throughout the week and I get a surge of endorphins each and every time I take my first bite. The bricks and mortar in Brewerytown is a stone throw away from the Zoo, Kelly Drive, and the Art Museum. It's a destination "spOt" for sure. Try the specials!The burger was probably the best burger I've ever eaten. It was super fresh and packed full of flavor. The service was great, and I'd definitely recommend getting the cheese fries!So happy they opened in Brewerytown!
The burgers are the best ever! The Charlie Brown is the absolute bomb - Good quality meat, cheese wiz, perfectly cooked bacon. The cheese fries are also a must, but if you're not a wiz lover the regular fries are a solid choice (hand cut!) I've also had the cheesesteak and the roast pork (the Manayunk) hoagies and they both were fantastic, but I keep going back for the burgers.Best burgers in the 'hood, and bangin' handcut French fries!  Oh my goodness.... I live in dangerously (for my BMI) close proximity to Spot Burger and honestly think I could eat there several times per week and never get tired of it.  The veggie burger is super filling, flavorful, and there are a bunch of options for toppings combos.  I've had three different burgers and haven't found one I don't love.  My husband and I usually each get a burger and share an order of fries, and are super stuffed afterwards.  If you haven't been yet, you NEED to go try it out!I was very excited to check out Spot burger after all the raving reviews and the fact that I had a  raving news of my own to celebrate (new job!). I walked in and it was about 11:30 so there was no one there yet. I glanced over the menu and wasn't really in love with any of the combinations but remembered I saw a Po'boy that wasn't on the menu. Luckily the guy behind the counter said they did offer it today and so I completed my order with a side of cheez fries.
My order came out quickly and I was able to sit in a cozy table right in front of their store front window to do some people watching. Sadly it was raining and most of the shops here seeme closed down, so there wasn't much action. I wouldn't recommend coming in with a large group, as there are only a handful of tables available.
My po' boy was a bit on the small side from other po'boys I've had at other places, especially for the $9 price tag. The bread was excellent and very fresh and the shrimp and cabbage slaw was yummy. I just wish there was much more of it, even if it was just more cabbage slaw, because I felt like I was eating mostly bread. As for the cheese fries, it is to be noted that they are hand cut, which did make them tasty and remininiscent of the jersey shore. As for everything else, it is just whiz on them, no other special seasoning. You do get a large heaping amount, so if you can share with someone, please do so. 
Parking in the area is street parking and seemed to be plenty of it. I would like to come back and try something else, as this was just middle of the road for me.Just finished the double spot burger and loved it. Spot Burger is must for any Burger Aficianado. Fingers crossed one opens in South PhillyAmazing Burger! It really doesn't get any better than this.  For point of reference my favorite burger has been Rouge and this is at least as good. I also got Cherry Fanta, you just can't get a good cherry soda many places any more. Josh the owner is a personally on the grill.SpOt gets everything right when it comes to making the burger for which we consistently have a hankering.  In a word, it is JUICY.  No matter what the temperature requested (I prefer medium rare), the burger is delivered as I remembered my father's burgers straight off the grill -- fresh, loaded with flavor and JUICY.  This juiciness can only be enhanced by the variety of ingredients and condiments that can be added to your burger.  And not in the mood for their signature burger?  Why not try a special like the chicken pot pie empanada?  Our favorite was the corn dog and we cannot wait to try the Sloppy Joe.  This place is the IT spot for a burger in PHL.  Enough said!Super friendly and positive atmosphere. Yummy cheesesteak and burgers for after zoo stop. Came with our family of four at 4:30pm. It's a small place with limited seating but worth it!Great new spot in the Fairmount/Brewerytown hood! Right across from another B-Town favorite, Rybrew, the brick and mortar version of SpOt offers a menu that is more than just burgers. Their new space has an inviting and upbeat environment. The owner was behind the grill when we dined in and was more than pleased to strike up a conversation with patrons. 
I went with their Rodeo Burger and was very impressed! They also offer chicken and veggie burgers FYI. My roommate went with their "Best of Philly" cheesesteak and cheese fries (I was drooling from across the table to say the least). If you're not into burgers or steaks, they also offer roast pork sandwiches - definitely trying one next time I stop in. Definitely pop in if you want a quick and delicious bite to eat! Plenty of counter seating and tables that overlook Girard Avenue.Josh Kim is continuing his Spot legend! Sadly the university city misses your amazing crew. 
-George Washington burger with cherry marmalade: juicy yummy beef, sweet marmalade, blue cheese and soft brioche bun. What's a better way to end the night with an amazing burger like this one!! 
This place is so cozy and comfortable. I'm happy to see spot is doing great !Always stop in when I visit Philly. Very small place but very friendly and helpful staff.  They will make nearly any change from the menu you request.
I had the "Jawn" which is sliced steak, sloppy joe, French fries, onions and whiz.  Very good but a little messy.We ordered, then proceeded to wait 40 minutes for our basic order. We were told 10 minutes. After watching the customers turn over twice, I asked where our food was. We were told there was a mistake and it was next to come up. After waiting another 15 minutes, and watching the people eat who walked in 10 minutes before that, we asked again, only to hear this time there was a problem with our order and they gave it away. After another 10 minutes, our food was done. I asked if anything would be done for us, and we were offered a free soda. Wow. Thanks. It was just a terrible experience. When we got home, the ingredients were wrong. They just don't care about their customers and seem stoned, which is fine is you're able to do a good job. Just awful. In addition, this was the third time out of five our order was wrong.