The food is probably still good here (just don't watch them make it/serve it if you know what I mean :-/),--- the service is getting mean and sloppy too. Waitresses should not serve you while they're still eating food from their lunch break :-/.  I'm back to Cafe Estelle--they have delicious scrambled eggs!I go to this place quite a bit with friends or out-of-town guests for breakfast/brunch on the weekends.  This place is a no frills diner that serves the food to go with it.  Pretty standard fare at an affordable price.  You really can't beat the price.  Also, you don't usually have to wait too long to get seated as they turn people over pretty fast here.Was in a conference next door. I had only 45 minutes to eat lunch. There are plenty of food truck just outside the door, but it was raining so I opted for this restaurant. No frills. Not too many tables, you have to be aggressive and wait for them to clean the table as soon as a customer leave. They serve breakfast all day or until closing time which is after lunch. I had grits and cheese omelette, it came with toast and jelly. I did not have a lot of expectation but the food is okay and very reasonable. Probably will not be back.Solid diner food.  I really appreciate that a lot of their offerings are clearly homemade.  Examples would be the roasted turkey breast for the sandwiches, the daily soup and lunch special entrees.  Nothing gourmet here, but everything is always fresh.
They are generally really busy, which accounts for the fresh-ness factor, but the waitresses can get a bit harried at times.  The lunch specials can't be beat though if you're starving for a reasonable, hot meal midday.  I strongly recommend calling ahead if you want take-out.If you want a normal breakfast spot not like the fancy shmancy s@$t holes that litter Northern Liberties, then look no further! Great service and great food at an even greater price!! You will not be disappointed!This is what a diner should be. No frills, crowded, loud and great food.  Perfect scrambled eggs, home fries soft in some spots and crispy in others, rye toast and scrapple.  And endless cups of good coffee.  Less than $9 with tip and I am stuffed and satisfied.  Sit at the counter, watch the floor show between the cook and the wait staff and chat with your neighbors.  They remember the regulars and make you feel at home.  Nuff said.For my very first visit, I stopped in for a quick breakfast on a Wednesday morning around 7am.  Quick is an understatement!
Coffee was at my table just as I was getting nice and comfy in their big booth seats and my breakfast was served before I was half way done checking my morning emails on my cell phone.
The staff is perfect diner-folk.  Very friendly and attentive while not being in your face.  They spent time talking about personal stuff that was pretty entertaining to eavesdrop on.  
The food isn't very remarkable, but that's what I like about it.  It's simple, FAST, and affordable.  I'm pretty sure that's the definition of diner food.
I liked the place and intend on going back much more frequently!So I came here to eat since my mom said that the food here was pretty good. She was not lying. It's the typical diner food with breakfast and lunch foods, as well as some entree-sized platters as well. There really wasn't anything special to it, but the food was prepared just the way I wanted it. Plus: it's really cheap. I really would like to try everything on the menu. The food came out quickly and our server was very nice to us the whole time. You can tell that the employees who work there have worked there for many years; they seem to all be veterans of this small diner. As we continued to eat, many people started to come in to take out food. I definitely plan to do that in the future, since the environment and decor are just so-so and I would rather bring it home to eat. The hours of this place are also very limited; it is for breakfast/brunch/lunch only. They are open very early (5am) and close by 2/3pm depending on what day you decide to dine here. Definitely give this place a try! 
Pros: Food!! Fast and Cheap, Service
Recommendation: Hot Beef Sausage and French ToastI'm almost a regular here when it comes to walking in and picking up breakfast sandwiches on the weekends. So, with that in mind, that's my only experience of this place.
They've always had my order prepared quickly and with a smile, despite how busy they have been. The breakfast and lunch options overall seem pretty standard. Some might think this boring, but I find it refreshing in this age of gastropub overly foodie BS. Basically, this place is just a tiny diner with food that actually looks/is good in a clean environment.
Anyhoo, the part I like best is their incomprehensible amount of breakfast meat-egg-cheese on bread varieties. It's crazy. Pork roll, egg & cheese on a kaiser? Duh. Sausage, egg & cheese on a long roll? Yup. Corned beef, egg on rye for some reason? They can do that too, and I've had it. it's great. Perhaps the best breakfast sandwich selection in the city.Small updated corner diner with counter, booths, and tables.
Good breakfast and lunch choices with inexpensive pricing.
Staff needs improvement in interpersonal skills, but sometimes one can't blame the waitresses, because some of their clientele are booth hogs that need tip etiquette.
Don't park in asian grocer parking lot - they will have you towed.
To those of you looking for a roomy fine dining experience this it is not, but you will be able to get a small taste of Philadelphia here without emptying your wallet or pocketbook as scrapple and steak sandwiches are on the menu.  Oh, for the Southerners, they have grits too - creamy less coarse variety.
(Note: I was informed by someone recently that there has been new ownership since at least 2015, so I guess I will have to revisit again.)Great place for a quick breakfast. My boyfriend and I didn't have a lot of time in the morning but this place definitely delivered. I had eggs and bacon, he had an omelette. Service was very very fast and our server was an extremely nice lady who was very "on brand" with the restaurant. Definitely a no frills type of place but if you need a solid, cheap breakfast, this is your spot!Somethin just aint right when a restaurant can go from 5 stars to 2 stars, so I had to try it out again. 
So I think the only reason for the previous 2 star review was because of one waitress-just sloppy and rude.  I think they got rid of her or she ridded herself---whatever.... I'm happy because now I can have my delicious, cheap, and buttery food again!  I LOVE the french toast here and those buttery grits.  I swear Paula Dean is throwin down back there.  If you don't like a stick of butter on your food, specify that you want it on the side!  Most of the customers don't seem to mind this though and I could use a few extra calories.  
Minus 1 star for a slight lack of cleanliness, but hey--this place is busy and those bus boys are working hard!Nice place to grab a good breakfast. The cinnamon bun french toast was good. You can't beat the prices, especially in that area.so much better than a diner!! chili was the best ive ever had. great friendly service.Great spot for breakfast. Good food and cheap prices.This is for the take out service only.
Let's just say, it's hit or miss. I did it once before and it was ok. Short wait, food was good and price was reasonable.
 Did it again today and it was a disaster. I had to repeat my order multiple times to the individual at the counter, who still didn't seem to understand. After standing around more than 20 minutes, watching others who came in after get their orders before me, I questioned where mine was. It seemed they had no real idea where it was. Also, i still didn't have the coffee I ordered. At this point, I decided to just walk out and go make my own breakfast. I'm sure I was done before they figured out where my stuff was.
It might be an ok place to sit inside and eat, but if you're looking for something to go, relatively quickly, try somewhere else.This is ALWAYS my go to for a quick breakfast. The food is great, the service is fast and friendly, and you don't have to spend an arm and a leg.I have been eating at this place for over 20 years. Food is always fresh, fast service, you have the choice to eat at a table or the choice to sit at the counter. Quick with takeout orders. Nice clean restaurant and the bathrooms are clean too!! I will definitely go back.This place was awesome! We're in tour doing music all the way from the West Coast and this place has large portions at great prices! The Corn Beef Hoagie is delicious!!We came here looking for breakfast. The food is tasty, fresh, simple, well prepared and at a good price. Service was truly excellent. The place itself is basic diner, not fancy, and clean. We will definitely be coming back.If you like good down home cookin, this is the place to come.  Spring Garden St. Restaurant just re-opened, and I'm so happy they did.  It's a very small, diner-like place where everyone seems to know your name.  I now go here for brunch almost every weekend.  The GRITS, omelets, pancakes,and bacon are BOMB!.  OMG, the grits are so creamy and buttery (make sure you say no butter if you are trying to avoid the extra calories, it comes with them :-) ).  There's never usually a line when I go, probably because it's new and my review did not come out, ha!.  Oh man, it doesn't get any better than this.  It's not foofy and it's very inexpensive.  I can get a whole breakfast for around $5.  I just laugh when I pass the lines at Honey's Sit & Eat (OVERHYPED) or Cafe Estelle (good, but pricey) because Spring Garden St. Restaurant is soo much better.
Bottom Line:  
If you want to be seen and appear "hip" w/your baby and/or dog...go to Honeys, because it's totally not about the food there
If you're a vegan/vegetarian/organic obsessed and don't mind paying a lil more for this trendy fare, then Cafe Estelle has good food
If you want d*** good food that tastes like it came from your Grandma's kitchen down South--Spring Garden St. Restaurant is where it's at---I'm going now, peace!This is great never had a problem, the waitresses were very nice and the food was goodThe staff here are amazing and work like a team. Friendly and personable and they work hard.
The food is basic diner fare and is well prepared prices are reasonable and they deliver.
One thing makes the place less than perfect, it is noisy during lunch.A nice simple american breakfast place. Nothing over the top, but not bad either. I've had the waffles and the breakfast burrito and both were great. Busy on sunday mornings and parking is tough (Street).One of my favorite breakfast spots in the city!! So cheap compared to all the other places who try to make breakfast fancy. If you enjoy a normal breakfast (eggs,omelet,pancake etc) this is your place to go! You won't be disappointed!I'm a regular here come almost everyday since I work across the street for their soup. I always get a large one and every now and then I would get their lunch special. It's a pretty good deal average $5-$7 depending on which special you get and it comes with soup and entree and the portion is petty reasonable. 
Food: so far all the food I had from here is pretty decent. I have tried their breakfast sandwich, soup, chicken cheesesteak, wraps and daily special entrees. Everything I had so far I enjoyed and it's reasonable price. 
Service: keep in mind this is based on my to go orders since I've never eaten there before. All the workers I deal with are friendly except for the owner. He's definitely not a people person. I had a very bad experience there today with him. Considering I'm a regular and I order food from them all the time and I'm not even asking for special treatments or anything but last week when I order lunch special I was able to upgrade my soup from small to large and pay the difference with another worker but today when I place my order with the owner I ask to upgrade my soup and pay the difference and was told NO!!! He straight up told me NO said if I want more soup I will have to order an extra one. What kinda attitude is that? It's not like I'm asking you to upgrade my soup for free, I'm paying for it and I don't see why I can't just pay the difference between a small to large. I have also witness other times when I'm there waiting for my food how he treat other customers that comes back because their order is messed up. He would give them an attitude as if the customer is wrong for coming back to ask for their money back and give back the food. Not everyone has 20+ minutes of time to wait for a new order to be made that's about how long it takes them to make your food. 
Note to the owner:
You should not be working in the front counter as you have no customer service skills. You are better off working in the back as customers do not want to deal with your attitude. The way you act only drive your customers away. You need to go take some classes to better your customer service skills. 
Food: 3 stars 
Service: 1 star 
Overall: 2 starsWe went here for lunch on our anniversary and the food was absolutely outstanding as well. Then we went to a pizza shop where my wife and her family work for many years and that food was good too. Spring Garden Restaurant and Spring Garden Street in general it's just a wonderful place to go to eat. We thank you very much and look forward to coming back again. Frank and BerniceWe usually eat across the street. I think we'll stick to that from now on...Love this place- absolutely our go to for weekend breakfasts and we even bring the little dog too! They are so sweet with her- bringing water and saying hello. Service is great no frills and fast.OK.  I know people only get on here to say the best and the worst.  I went out of my way to sign up on yelp JUST to make this review.  My friends and I went to a roots concert last June and needed food before all the festivities.  We stumbled across this place.  AMAZING.  The food was incredible.  We all ordered very different items and all agreed it was one of the best meals we have ever had.  I got an omelet and a waffle.  I ate the omelet first and as I was about to start on the waffle, the manager came over and offered to reheat it for me.  They turned on the iron and put my waffle back in there so it was warm.  
This place is so great, we are taking a road trip from DC to PA just to eat here again.so cheap and so fast! food is pretty tasty as well. way better than going to a brunch place if you're living on a budget. service is always good too.I was born and raised in Northern Liberties .  I have seen fancy restaurants and diners come and go.  Spring Garden diner or Restaurant has stayed.  The food is excellent...if you want a down home cooked meal that will not kill your wallet this is the place to go.Very surprised about the solid reviews for this place. My office is a few blocks away, and morning delivery has never come within an hour. 
Today I ordered a simple 12 dollar order for myself and a coworker, and an hour in I called for an update. They said it was on the way. 15 min later it's on the way again when I call.
After about an hour and forty-five minutes, the delivery driver calls and asks for the address. I explain it to him and hang up. 15 min later he isn't here.
I call the restaurant which states that the driver was outside my office but came back. At this point i ask if the meal will be free. She says no. I ask for the owner. The delivery girl says the owner won't talk to me because "there's nothing he can do". 
At this point, they've lost my business forever. Tl/dr: didn't get our food after 2 hours, wouldn't compensate the meal, and refused to put on a manager/owner. 
Stay away. Staff is rude/incompetent.tried this place for the first time yesterday mainly because they are the only place i know of thats open at 5am on a saturday morning. as soon as i walked in i was greeted by at least two of the staff. they were extremely friendly and seemed to be on a first name basis with almost every customer that walked in while i was there. i ended up ordering the eggs benedict with home fries. the food came quick and was hot. it was tasty. they seem to have the usual diner fare so ill have to come back to try some other things. i would recommend this place.The food and the service are not exceptional in any way, but I'm always in and out in less than a half hour with a belly full of classic American breakfast. It's exactly what I want, and I get it without fail every time. This is also the only place around that's open at 5am. Love this spot.Huge portions and great breakfast. I had scrapple for the first time. All the scraps of a pig that nobody wants except for me. And it was surprisingly OK. I would have given them 4 stars but they killed me when they said that they didn't serve steak!! Are you serious?Top notch. Cooks are a wonder to watch. Fresh, hot, flavor food. One of the bes spots in Spring Garden for breakfast or lunch.Stopped in at 5:30am on the way to the airport.  Food is cheap and reasonable with big portions. What more can you ask for? I got French toast with sausage, which was decent. Good breakfast sandwiches too. I now have a new early morning place.Fresh..waffle taste so good with scrambled egg...the service was very nice and fast! But the price bit PriceySometime breakfast is just breakfast. 
Your in a hurry, starving and just craving some simple well made breakfast foods. No fusion french toast for nine dollars. No deconstructed eggs Benedict for fifteen. 
Sometimes you're not worried about seeing someone or being seen. You are there to chow down and get out, not a socialite today. 
What you do want, without pretension, is tasty food prepared the way you like it ,despite the lack of thrills. 
Spring Garden Street Restaurant is just the ticket. Simple breakfast fare prepared as quickly and as delicious as any suburban diner. Super reasonable prices, ample parking, quick and friendly service. 
The city could use more places of this ilk. 
Not only satiated but satisfied, on with your day fueled up in under thirty minuets.Sometimes you spend too much money on a weekend.  Most of the time, you regret it and your body is punishing you for it.  And almost all of the time you want something greasy to hold it all down.  Enter the perfect remedy, Spring Garden Street Restaurant (I'm just going to call it SP diner).
The food is super cheap, super massive, and super ordinary.  There's plenty of brunch spots in the area that offer fancy fare, deconstructed so and so, and chef signature whatever.  They also cost a bit of change too.  While fine and dandy, sometimes I just want shit on shingles (creamed chipped beef) on plain ol' wheat toast.  When I do want it, I want a gallon of it with home fries and for about $5.  I get it at the SP diner.
I just wish they were open late.I loved this place. It's open early so I got to grab a great breakfast before running the BF bridge. I felt like I was in a movie when I ate there. Everyone new knew other and service was great. Food is cooked right in front and it was soooooo good!!!Stopped by for a quick breakfast break. The waitress was friendly. The food came quick and was delicious. I ordered two eggs sunny side up with scrapple, grits and wheat toast. I expected a small serving of grits but it wasn't. It filled half the plate and was very smooth. The eggs was perfect and they added the right amount of butter all over the toast.  They did not just put a dab in the middle. The price was cheap too! Less than ten dollars. I definitely will be coming back. :)I am defo a new fan of this place. It's right around the corner from where I'm working now so after my cheese steak from there yesterday, I think they'll be getting a lot more calls for pick up.
Another person in the office told me they did good stuff so I wandered around on my lunch. Looking through their pretty big menu I thought screw it, I'm in Philly, have a cheese steak.
Unlike some places with the pile of steak just sitting there, the steak here was taken out of the freezer and cooked to order. And while the steak was delicious, the cheese delicious, it was the roll that stood out for me. So far, any cheese steak I've gotten the roll has been sooooo tough. This roll was perfect, so so good. Soft, fresh and just damn tasty.
I'm defo going back, I want to try their burgers, chicken cheese steaks, all that good stuff.
Really nice staff as well, the place having a real family atmosphere to it.Found this place a few months ago per Yelp's recommendation, and I've since become a weekend regular! Absolutely the best diner I've been to in the city - food-wise, price-wise, and atmosphere-wise. Everything I've ever had for breakfast has always been delicious and generously portioned. The spinach and feta omelette is a favorite, and definitely ask for onions in your home fries. My boyfriend is a huge fan of their huge pancakes.
Don't be deterred if you walk in and there are bunch of people waiting - table turnover is actually really quick, and the waitresses do their best to make sure everyone is taken care of promptly. Pretty sure I've been waited on by every weekend server at least once, and they've all been great. This place has such a neighborhood feel, and if you come enough (like I've started to), you might even be recognized!Fast, cheap and good food! Classic dinner food that hits all you needs. Opens up very early so it's great for a quick breakfast before heading off to work on the days you don't feel like making it yourself. It's a small place and is always busy but I have never waited longer then five minutes for a table.A good basic no frills diner. I love breakfast here. Large eggs, crispy homefries,  creamy grits hit the spot. Service is quick and friendly. Highly recommend Spring Garden Restaurant for a good tasting, filling breakfast at reasonable prices.I love this place for what it is. It is a small city diner located on the outskirts of Nothern Liberties. What I love about this place is the staff. The hostess, and who I guess is the owner of the restaurant, always greet you with a smile. This place gets busy, so you may get seated right away or you should not be surprised by a 20min. wait. 
Whenever I go here, I almost always get seated with my favorite waitress. At first she may come off as grumpy, but that is just her demeanor, she is sweet as can be. The creamed-chipped beef here is fantastic. It is a really nice creamy consistency, and is not overly salty. The flavor is really quite exceptional. The only thing I would change would be to add more beef. It is good over toast or over a Belgian waffle. It really depends if you are in a sweet or savory kind of mood. If you're feeling adventurous also order a side of turkey bacon. 
The eggs and home fries here are exactly what you'd expect, regular diner food. That's not a bad thing, it's just...what can you really ask from eggs? Over-easy, scrambled, on a sandwich....it pretty much the same wherever you go. It is all properly cooked though, which I guess isn't always the case at all diners. The home fries are sliced potatoes, and when asked for well-done, are great.
The food is good and very cheap, and the service is right on par. I regularly visit this place for a good cheap breakfast.A nice little diner on 4th and Spring Garden. With so many "foodie" places popping up all over the city, particularly in the Northern Libs sections, it's nice to find a classic diner. 
I read some reviews saying the staff was not pleasant, but I had a great experience with the staff. They were very nice and friendly. My coffee was always full and my food came out exactly as I ordered it (that's not always a given, surprisingly). 
I had an omelet with home fries and side of bacon. The home fries were very good. Nice and crispy on the outside, not too greasy either. 
Good spot and really cheap. My whole meal including coffee and tip was $11. Can't beat it.This is not a bad spot if you want good no frills breakfast on the cheap. It is a tiny spot with a few tables and booths, so arrive early. The service was good as our waitress was attentive and making sure we had our coffees filled. The food was actually really good. The cinnamon bun french toast was a great sweet treat for the morning. Again, it is a good place for a meal on the less pricey side.Great place to get a decent breakfast at a low price. I've been here twice, both times getting the samething, Veggie Omelet and Homefries with toast. Next time I will try something different but the food is on point. Its only downfall is that it's small so seating is limited.Good cheap breakfast food! The heavy old lady waitress is obnoxious and makes you feel like ur bothering her when she forgets something! Overall it's a great place for good food but horrible waitress ! If you get another waitress she is mediocre at the best!OMG the cinnamon bun here(sticky buns) are absolutely delish. I got mine with nuts and it's the best. Never tasted anything like it. I def must try. The spinach and feta omelette is really good tooBreakfast sandwiches are phenomenal. Me and my girlfriend stopped in to grab our sandwiches and coffees to go. It was crowded inside, but they have plenty of seating. The noise level was not to high, which is a buzzkill to me when I go out for breakfast.Went here recently for the first time and my god, it's great! After going to different brunch places around the area and sometimes spend more money than you wish, it's good to come here where it feels just like a diner and has all the classics at a great price. I had the bacon omelette with toast and home fries. I'm not a big fan of omelettes but this hit the spot. Our waitress was very friendly, quick, and helpful. I plan on coming here much more often now.We did not know what to expect, but boy, were we pleased! I had been hearing about this place for a while and we finally made a point of going there. What an enjoyable experience! The service was terrific, the place was bustling, the food was absolutely delicious and plentiful, and the prices were so reasonable. I can't wait to go back!This is always a great spot to go to eat a quick and tasty breakfast. The service is good, the waiters are pleasant and it's always busy. I especially appreciate any place that has turkey scrapple (you just have to request it to be cooked on the grill and not deep fried) Whenever we want to enjoy our breakfast, this is our choice!The food is great and so is the service, I am regular at this place, I meet up with friends for business meetings and just to come talk and have coffee on a Good day with good people.Food is so delicious. Very reasonably priced. Staff is pleasant and happy. I go here all the time and am NEVER disappointed. Fried fish is amazing so is beet hot sausage!I was raised on the food here since I was little and I can say that the food and service have gotten even better over the years.  I was pleasantly surprised to see them open up again after they were closed for a while.
The waitstaff here are all friendly and never too intrusive.  The food is the best diner food I've had!  Even when compared to Honey's you simply get more food for your dollar.  The breakfast and Brunch menu items are the sure winners here.  And although they have stiff competition across the street at Silk City, I've simply never had better Belgian Waffles than I've had here, ever!  And I've looked all over Philly and NYC.  Have those topped off with whipped cream and a Hot Sausage/Egg/Cheese sandwich on the side, and you've hit food heaven my friend.
Try it out, thank me later.10 stars in reality. This diner has everything - humongous omelets, fried fish & eggs, Belgian waffle & chicken wings, cinnamon bun French toast... And everything is delicious and soooooo reasonably priced.
Our server Dee was a delight and the owner was so considerate - warming up an extra Belgian waffle in the iron when we couldn't eat it fast enough. The food was so good we ordered extra to go!The perfect clean, no-frills diner.  Good food and good prices!Will this place blow you away? No. Will you walk out? Depends on your expectations going in. If you're looking for a local/organic type place this isn't it.
This place however is exactly what you can expect from a casual, no frills greasy spoon. It's large portions of cheap eats that taste good but with service that may be slightly inattentive but you don't come here for the atmosphere, do you? You come here because at noon on Sunday you can walk in and be served 2 eggs any style with toast and either grits or home fries for $5 (plus tip!) and walk back out less than an hour later. Considering the neighborhood I know of no other place that can come close to beating the value.
Ultimately, I wish I could give this place 3 1/2 stars but judging this place for what IT is and not compared to what other places around it are like then I'm easily a fan.This is not the first time Ive been here, but def the last.  Ive been here dozens of times over the past 15 or so years, dating back to the first owners. The past 4 times Ive been here there has been an issue, and this is the last straw.  I would not come back here.  Its unorganized, a bunch of waitresses yelling their orders to the one cook on a damn Sunday.  My Mom and I came here together. I got my food a whole 15 minutes before she did.  By the time she got her food my food was cold.  They still need to revamp this place. Dirty floors, rugs, trash under table, had to clean my spoon with glass of water they gave me.  We ended up just leaving. I will not be returning. I would rather starve.My mom is in town visiting. So we (my hunny and I) decided to meet & treat her for breakfast, and it was my pick.  Yelpers, I must give you a healthy Shout Out for putting up your reviews of this place!  It was the PRIMARY reason I decided to check it out.  I'm so glad I did as I passed by the long line at Honey's Sit n Eat (LOL)
For a Sunday morning, it was busy around 10 am, but we found parking right away, and it looked open and inviting, with its big windows and patrons enjoying their meals.  When we entered, there was a very little wait, like a few minutes, and off to a table we went.
The Yelper that said that the waitresses were a little off-kilter looking but wonderfully pleasant was absolutely right! Our waitress looked very motor-bike rocker, but she was very attentive and timely with everything from coffee refills to bringing out whatever we needed.
The other Yelper that said we would not be going home hungry was also on point.  I was watching as plates and motor bike chicas whizzed by, and I must say everything looked big and tasty all the way around.
I ordered the pancakes and ham.  A nice big plate of syrups and butter arrived first, then a bigger plate of fluffy pancakes and a nice slice of ham.  Fluffy tasty and really simple down home Sunday breakfast!   My mom ordered the plain omelet, bacon, and home fries.  She forgot the onions, lol, but she enjoyed them very much, especially the nice toasty well done pieces.  My hunny got pancakes, too, but with scrambled eggs and bacon.  We all thought that the coffee was really good too.
And Yelper that said it was cheap good breakfast, SOOO RIGHT!  Although the hunny treated, I sneaked a look at the bill and it was not even $25 for ALL of us ... Motor Bike Waitress got a nice tip :)
Overall, a nice lil spot for breakfast that I would definitely check out again.  Hope you get a chance to like it too!As others have noted, I too love this place for what it is. This is the place to get in and out with a delicious and inexpensive breakfast. 
My fiancé and I live in Northern Liberties and eat here regularly. We are never disappointed! We frequently choose the Spring Garden Restaurant over Honey's. It's a good old fashioned greasy spoon, and sometimes that's just what you need. Try the spinach and feta omelet. It's to die for.My boyfriend and I stopped here on Saturday for breakfast around 11. It is an unassuming place with diner food. Prices are cheap and the food was really good! We had the cinnamon bun French toast, the G&B special (essentially a hashbrown skillet with eggs, sausage, peppers and onions), a short stack of pancakes, and a sausage egg cheese bagel. The only downside was the food took a bit long to come out (maybe 30 min) and the place was a little dirty, but not unexpected for a busy Saturday. We would come back!This place is a classic American diner serving up simple, yet really good, breakfast. Came here at 5:30 one Saturday morning and the service was fast and friendly. Lots of breakfast dishes are at or under $5. VGreat choice if you're looking for a classic breakfast. Great prices, clean, and friendly service. Solid neighborhood diner!I frequent this place a lot, because it's convenient and quick. It's what you would expect from a good diner. 
The place is small, but they always seems to find you seating pretty quickly. The servers are attentive.
This place is a classic diner. The food is cheap, good and fast. There are really no complaints.My family and I have been here a few times. It is family friendly, with the ability to eat-in or take-out. It is small inside and every space has been maximized. My favorite is their waffles with ice cream powdered sugar on top, drizzled with syrup. You can smell the vanilla and freshness of the hot waffle before you cut it and take a bite. I was super hungry so my picture doesn't give it justice. I ordered the scrapple. I wOuld not order it again. I also was able to taste my daughters salmon cake and home fries. It was good, but I'm so used to my homemade version that I don't believe they could ever measure up to the standard that I have in mind. On the other hand, my daughter loves them, so I'm sure she would order the salmon cakes again if given the chance. The wait wasn't long at all maybe 5-10mins. Our waitress was very polite, attentive and quick. I couldn't have asked for better service. They were out of ice cream but that was no deal breaker for me. My only concern was the table wasn't completely clean. It had several spots of what appeared to be stickiness that was partially dragged across the table and dried somewhat on a few spots of the table. If it weren't for the table being untidy I would have given them a 5 instead of a 4. I would give another chance because as I said we have been here before. The food and experience has been overall a good experience.How has this place managed to escape my attention for so long?  If you've read my reviews you've seen me bitch and moan incessantly about most of the diners I attempt.  Usually over the same issues: high prices, lack of real butter and refusal to stock Splenda.  Well let me tell you, this place has it all.  I wouldn't register this as a complaint but the one place they fall short is that they're not open for dinner.  Eh, who cares.  I love em for breakfast or lunch.
You walk in - there's a counter.  There are tables to be seated.  There is a vibrant, busy waitstaff who all seem friendly and professional.  There is a counterman who knows how to do eggs right. (who'd of thunk that was such a lost skill but it really is!)
The service is fast and friendly and accurate.  I'm not a regular yet but it is obvious that there are many of those and the servers seem to know them well and know their orders etc.  The coffee is good.  They do have real butter packets.  They provide Splenda on request.  The eggs have been right each time.  The bread is fresh and high quality.
Spring Garden Restaurant is slightly off my daily path, which is why it took me so long to realize that they are not part of the Asian Grocery next door but I will detour for their breakfasts when I have the time to spare.Food and service falling at a alarming rate!!! I used to come here at before the new management now these guys just money hungry. Reason why they probably still in business cause of the locationDont eat here ever. The food is microwave and gross.  Waitress have no idea what they are doing. One waitress looked like she was have a drug nod off. The new owner should be ashamed, they again they werent even eating any of the food cooked there. WASTE OF MONEYSpring Garden Restaurant at the corner of N. 4th and Spring Garden Street in Northern Liberties, Philly, is an old school urban diner. There is a dining area to one side and a ten stool counter overlooking the grill on the other. The menu is traditional Americana breakfast and lunch, with prices the remind of the earlier years of the century. Nice to have lower rents. 
On arrival it was a full house, but for a couple of spinners. When none of the earlier people waiting for tables wanted them, we accepted with gratitude. Not sure about the tables, but we felt lucky to be able to watch the show from our orchestra seats. 
Our black shirt server came over promptly for drink requests, and kept her poise and humor despite the beehive of activity around her. The Bunn-O-Matic java was average, but it did provide a buzz and washed down our meal, which we thoroughly enjoyed. My better half went with a beef sausage, egg and cheese on kaiser, while I asked for french toast and bacon. Both were very good. The sammy was a two egger on a fresh and tasty roll. The frenchie had a great vanilla/sugar/cinnamon egg mix that saturated the three bread slices to the core leading to strong texture and taste. The crisp caramelized edges were aces. Melted butter and Kraft syrup pour and I was a happy man. Maple syrup would have made this dish perfect. 
All the while we watched the chef (he was so much more than a short order cook) move through the orders without wasted motion. Grasping eggs with one hand, cracking them into a stainless bowl, and whipping them with a fork with the other; then pouring them onto the hot steel while shaping and flipping them with spatchula, before sliding the finished omelet or over easys, smoothly onto a plate. He then quickly scraped away the residue on the grill into the trough while he moved the plate to the counter to be retrieved for serving.  His efficiency was astonishing. He was intense and focused, and when a server expressed impatience waiting for her order despite his masterly effort, he reminded her with rich irony that he only had two hands. Two?!  It looked like four from where we sat. 
Can't ask for more than a solid breakfast and great floorshow. They should charge a premium for those counter seats.The suchef is a master and it is like art watching him cook. The waitresses are baby Angels. The suchef flings eggs with the dexterity of a master surgeon. The food is super cheap and the iced coffee is not expensive and tasty. Get the breakfast quesadilla and you will thank yourself later. The atmosphere is super casual, perfect for a nice breakfast that brings down the house. Go to this place now.I got the Spring Garden cheesesteak.  It is usually a chicken cheesesteak but I asked the nice man if you could make it a beef Cheesesteak and he said yes.  Peppers and garlic are what make it a spring garden cheesesteak. This was a well-made cheesesteak.  I did not like the $8.10 price tag.  At $8.10 it needed more of everything.  I would have loved this Cheesesteak at $6.  Good overall experience.I love the food here and the prices. I order take out from here every month at least. However, whoever is answering the phone nowadays is extremely rude. This is the third time in a row I've called in and basically get screamed at because whoever is on the other end seems to hate their life. Sorry, but in this environment, be thankful that people want to support your business and that you have a job.  Unless they have someone else on the phone taking orders, it's making me not want to continue to order from there.Echoing the comment that the woman who answers the phone taking orders is super rude. I went in to pick up my order amd not only did I have to sit and watch my food get cold because she (the person who takes phone orders) didn't want to check to see if it was my order sitting in the counter for 8 min because she didn't take it, she thought I was rude by asking her to do so. The woman taking phone orders is miserable and needs to stay home if she can't provide basic customer service.Tried this place based on Yelp reviews. I'm kind of limited where I can go for lunch because we are on special assignment for the DNC. I don't regret it. Wish I had known about it before!  Yesterday, I had a turkey burger. It was very filling. Didn't get any fries since I'm sitting all day at the moment. . Today, I had a turkey bacon blt on rye bread that was delish. Their prices can't be beat and the food I've had was great. 
They serve breakfast all day but are only open 5am to 330pm during the week and til 2pm on the weekend. Probably a good brunch spot as well.
Cashier was very friendly. Said hello and thanked me for coming in. I can't stand going places where they just look at you and don't greet you or even say thank you, so that is a definite plus. 
Both times I went to pick up my food, there was a nice crowd eating and picking up orders. Both good signs. 
Will definitely be back while I'm in the area and maybe for brunch in the near future.