I have nothing but positive things to say about St. Stephen's Green. This is our weekly kickball after/pre party spot as designated by PSSC. The staff expects large groups of sweaty people, wanting their drink specials, and random assortment of food.
The service is positive, and the food is honestly pretty good. (I like it much better than the food that we get at Smith's during Quizzo).
On St. Patrick's Day this year we came by and the entire back patio was open and we were able to claim it. We had a server who worked extremely hard, and was super fun.
If you are in Fairmont, St. Stephen's is a great place for a big group especially if you want to sit outside!Went to ST. Stephens Green for brunch today as it's very close to our home. 
We arrived and there was only one other group dining. We ordered drinks- I was a little worried to see that they still had pumpkin beer on tap- it's far beyond the season for that. 
We ordered a burger and French onion soup. Probably the worst meal that I've had to pay for in a long time. The soup was 90% onions and the bowl was so hot it had to be microwaved. My fiancé's burger was part raw part over cooked, and the bacon was all fat. 
For a place trying to build a brunch customer- the service was terrible. Our waitress didn't even ask if we enjoyed our food or offer a refill on my fiancé's coffee. 
We won't be back, there are better places in the area who care about their food and customers.Awesome bar in the heart of Fairmount area. It is in nice and quiet neighborhood. I don't think this place is necessarily a good spot for night life entertainment, but it is a great bar to grab a beer, watch a game, and eat some good quality food. Although my last experience there was short of par (burger took 40 minutes).. but I still rate this place high, and recommend it to everyone.My rating says it all. "Meh." Definitely was not impressed. The beer was good and cold (but then again it's pretty hard to f*ck up beer!) but the food--not so much. We had the calamari which was chewy, rubbery, and soggy. Then I had the fish and chips, which I assumed would be good since this is an Irish place and all, but uhhh....nope. Gross. The fish was super greasy and the batter was just literally sliding right off of the fish into one big greasy, soggy, sloppy mess. Yuck. 
I may come back here sometime for a beer or two, but that's about it.Neighbor watering hole. Great for watching sports, grabbing an easy dinner, or tacking on to a bar crawl. Beer and food selection are decent, as are prices. No reason to travel here if you are from outside of Fairmount, but a great staple bar for the Fairmount neighborhood.My latest experience at St. Stephen's Green was completely underwhelming. My friend and I stopped by for lunch and were immediately turned off by the poor service. Our waitress took way too long to even bring us menus and she appeared to have no knowledge of the menu. The food was flavorless and also did not taste fresh... I ended up sending my food back because it just was not good at all (I got the filet mignon sliders, my friend got lamb tacos). This was a very disappointing experience, especially because I've been here a few times over the past few years and the food was really good. Who knows.. maybe they're under new management now.Excellent lunch today. Great chicken tacos and great shrimp tacos. Very fresh, not heavy and just the right portion sizes.We came because we had a Groupon which they notifed us they don't honor any more. That was only part of the disappointment. 
Waited over an hour for our food. The quality and flavor was only ok.   I will never return.Love this neighborhood bar. Honestly is a little pricey but if getting drinks/apps happy hour is the way to go! Super friendly staff with great beer suggestions! The beer list is great and food is good as well. I've had the chicken cutlet sandwich, chicken nachos, buttermilk chicken fingers (a litttttle too crispy for my liking) but the chipotle lime aioli it came with was delicious. Fries are good as well. Taco Tuesday specials are good! Love the neighborhood feel at this bar.I would eat here everyday if I could! The BBQ Chicken Sandwich is AMAZING, as are the Nachos and Hummus with Pita. A little bit on the expensive side but worth the money!I recently went to St. Stephens Green for my birthday and was very pleased with the entire experience. On a Friday night in the city, I was able to make a reservation for 12 people. They had a diverse selection of beer that included local, Belgian, and other brews, the food was affordable and tasty (our dishes ranged from chorizo/potato empanadas to homemade gnocchi to quail) and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. St. Stephens Green is a great place for dinner and/or drinks, and it wasn't overly crowded. The only thing I would ask them to do is to add the prices and sizes to the beer menu.Have been here a few times for drinks and its a fairly laid back neighborhood bar atmosphere.  Bar service has been good but the wait staff has left something to be desired.  Waitress was not knowledgeable about the specials or recommendations and paid little attention to our table even though it wasn't busy.  The food was pretty good.  I got the chicken tacos and was pleasantly surprised.  They had two tortillas on the tacos and guacamole in between the two which was delicious.  My friend got fries that were good but nothing to rave about.  I would probably go here again but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.At least once a month I find myself at St. Stephen's.  When my boyfriend and I need a quick date  night, we go to St. Stephen's.  When my friend Leslie P. and I need to get out of the house and drink some great beer on tap, we go to St. Stephen's.  The menu there is great; a good mix of comfort food and bar food.  For example, when my friend and I were feeling especially dreary one afternoon, we went to St. Stephen's and got leek and kale soup and lamb stew. Both were delicious.  On other nights, when we need some good fries, a good burger, or tacos with our beer St. Stephen's is a solid choice.  Everyone seems to love the hummus platter, so definitely give that one a try.  The fries there are excellent.  I am not a huge fan of any of the taco platters because it doesn't fill you up, but it's still kinda pricey.  The best part about St. Stephen's is their beer selectionFood: BBQ wings appetizer + Guinness Battered Fish and Chips
Beverage: Not Your Father's Root Beer x 2
-------------------------------------------
Met friends here for dinner. It's a nice looking place with good ambience. Our waiter was decent - a little aloof.
The wings were okay, nothing special. I believe you get 7 wings for about $5. The sauce was pretty tasty. 
The fish and chips was a little disappointing. At $14 I was expecting a little more fish (dish came with one piece of hamburger-sized cod). Fries were plentiful and really good. 
Overall I felt this place was way too expensive for what I got, but it's not bad. I might consider coming here again for brunch, as it seems their brunch food/portions are better.Great bar food (tacos,  wings, sandwiches), well priced booze, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.  Definitely swing in if you're in the neighborhood.Not coming back here ever again. As I stood in line for the rest room, I allegedly heard a server say to another server that they hoped some potential customers standing outside, whom exhibited differing racial and facial features than the species commonly found to have migrated to the area, do NOT come in. Totally not because they harbors any racist attitudes, but because they feared that their potential patrons might have been made to feel uncomfortable. Allegedly.Came for drinks at the bar with a friend and had a great time! The bartender was really friendly and engaging.St. Stephen's Green is a regular spot for work lunches since it's in walking distance of the office.  It's good for groups because they take reservations and will rearrange tables to make room.  The service is quick and courteous.
The downside is there aren't many meatless options.  I know it's an Irish bar.  But they really could step up and give just a few solid vegetarian options.  The Isabella's Salad is good.  But I shouldn't have to order it every time.
I really wish I could combine the service and seating of St. Stephen's Green with the food of Sabrina's Cafe.  That would be the perfect lunch spot!It is St. Patrick's Day in Philadelphia and everyone goes out somewhere to have a drink ... or ten.  Well there's no prettier Irish Pub ... actually there's no prettier any type of pub in Philadelphia than St. Stephen's Green. It is awesome looking - both outside and inside. The woodwork is pure craftmanship, the wrap-around large windows add a light & airy feel, each room has it's own atmo, in winter it's cozy, in summer it's cool.  Also in summer they have outdoor seating in a rear courtyard as well as a café out on the sidewalk.  The beer list is def most excellent, the food is fine (although I do miss Ben McNamara as the chef).  St. Stephen's Green is both a neighborhood pub and a destination one.  Happy St. Patrick's Day!Sat next to the fireplace in the back and had a great time with one of my amigos. Beers are on point with daily specials and the lamb tacos are amazing! Definitely coming back for round 2!For a neighborhood bar, I am always surprised at how good their food is.  On our most recent visit, my friend & I split a special of seared scallops and skirt steak with a tomato/avo guac - everything tasted great and the steak was cooked exactly as we asked (medium rare).  I've had their tacos (either chicken or fish, I can't remember) and their wings, and it's all been good.  It's never been too crowded - except when PSSC does their pre/post game specials - and they have outdoor seating in front and in the back.  Plus, they know the way to my heart: they have Magner's bottles and Jack's cider on tap.Came in after our Dodgeball game, apparently they offer specials on Wings and Beer if you're wearing your shirt. We were but for whatever reason they didn't realize and offer us the special. punks.
Anywho, I'm so indecisive/always hungry so I just ordered two things. BBQ wings (omg the gorgonzola dip is bombbb) and the Burger with portobello & carmelized onions w/ fries obv. I don't know which was better, so just get both. I took a few wings home and they were just as amazeee the next day. 
I don't love the set up, it was also freezing bc we were sat near the door that leads to their back patio.Everything I have had here is fine. Nothing spectacular, just good.
When it first opened it had a lot of pub food. It didn't seem like it was trying to be a gastropub, just a nice neighborhood bar. But since then, the prices have gone up and the portions have shrunk. They serve some fancier items now and have removed most of the comfort food. 
The fries aren't as good as they used to be, I think they used to double fry them. The sea salt is a very nice touch.
The service is friendly, but some servers are much more skilled than others. 
Beers are fine, it is a nice place for a drink. The interior is lovely, but it gets very loud on busy nights.In a past review, I called The Standard Tap 'the only true gastropub in Philly.  let me just take the time to amend this position. . .Although The Tap is still number one in my book, I've really grown to appreciate St. Stephen's.  
The lamb tacos are seriously good.  The lamb is perfectly braised: tender, flavorful and not-at-all greasy or slimy.  I'm a fan.
Burgers are fresh and juicy  and the chopped Caesar is simple and tasty.
They have enough good beer on tap and they are always properly served. 
What I like best is that the service is always friendly and patient.  It's true that the kitchen can be slow, but its a sure thing that your server will keep your beers coming with a smile.I stopped in here with Dining Partner and a friend on a Wednesday night after leaving a beer garden in search of food and refuge from a fastly approaching thunderstorm. It was probably around 8:30 and we were seated immediately. I ordered the BBQ Roaster wings, while Dining Partner had the shrimp tacos and our friend ordered the filet mignon sliders. My wings were spicier than I would have hoped, but I was starving and ate all of them. Dining partner and friend were both satisfied with their food selections. I wish they had more summer beers, I was in the mood for a Leinenkugel or Corona Light, but when they said they were out I settled on a Stella. Our waitress was nice and attentive. This is one of the better establishments I've been to in Fairmount.It's decent. There's nothing special about the brunch, average egg dish and drinks! Outside seating is a plus in the summer but other than that there are better places in the neighborhoodLocal, neighborhood, perfect spot to chill with a bud watching Phils, Flyers game while eating gourmet grilled cheese and sipping La Chouffe. 
Haven't done it, but seems to be a cozy place for a date too: fireplace and nice areas for quiet conversation.
Beer: impressive. I love the availability of regional craft beers and seasonals.
Food menu: my only strike. Food quality is very good. Menu seems very overpriced. Can't we find a better balance of gourmet..and price?
Owners are the NICEST ever. Good guys, get in here.. support your local establishment, trying to create better things in East Fairmount.  Now, if we could do something about that Green Room....Awesome place with above average food , reasonable prices and friendly inviting staff!I have to upgrade my Review - Their soup was so freakin good - the bar servers were pleasant and the servers were so helpful. Please visit for 2014 - great location - gives you a picture of old Philadelphia -I ate here for lunch on the day before Christmas, so that could explain why it was absolutely dead. Good for me though. The service was quick, and I had the opportunity to get a great spot next to the fireplace.
I decided on the chicken tacos, but I was quite surprised at how small the menu selection was. The chicken tacos were served with quacamole between double soft tortillas... yummm. No complaints! 
I didn't get a chance to try any beer, but I hear that the beer list is great. I'll keep the place on my radar next time I'm in the area.I was in town for the annual SWE conference, and my AirBnB was literally right next to St. Stephen's Green. It was like a TV show (like HIMYM) and super convenient! 
I went here a couple times in my weekend here, and I'm a fan. Drinks were decent and decently priced, and food seemed expensive but had large portions.
- buttermilk chicken tenders: weren't too dry but not too moist, comes with a nice aioli sauce
- lamb tacos: the lamb was really good! The tacos come with a refreshing yogurt sauce. I've been cutting my carbs, so I scraped the meat out of the hard shell and the beans from between the hard and soft shells (this was a cool taco set up!).
- Patron shots: they cost $12 but they were like.. 1.5 shots or something. It was massive.
Service: waiters were polite and food came out pretty quickly. They were keen to see that we had everything we needed.
Ambience: I liked that the bar and table service were in separate sections of the establishment. The bar scene was definitely louder than I could handle this weekend, so I was glad to be sitting away.Great beer selection that rotates frequently.  I haven't had a problem with any of the servers since they changed over about a year ago.  Quippy day bartender that always seem to have a quick response or helpful suggestion. Great neighborhood spot to go a couple times a week for happy hour or a quick bite to eat.Bad burgers. I asked for med rare and got a well done burger that was in pieces. It was gross.I had been here a few times before and wasn't overly impressed, but the last time I tried this place will stay the last time. The server was nice, but not very knowledgeable. We ended up ordering hummus as an appetizer, which had an odd taste to it. I got the burger which was awful - bun soaked with grease and it had a burnt taste, like the grill hadn't been cleaned. My friend ordered the calamari and it was awful - she didn't touch it. 
When we asked to have items removed from the bill, the server acted annoyed and gave us a hard time. She admitted no manager was working, so she was dealing with the check herself but only discounted us for one of the meals and half of another. We still ended up paying a $60 tab which was not worth it. I left hungry.
I would recommend this place for a night out - they had a great draught list. I would not recommend eating here, though.I haven't been to this place since I first moved into Fairmount but I recently went back a couple of times within the past week and had the chicken fingers and empanadas. Both equally delicious!I had to review this place because we were so impressed. We stopped in last night for dinner (Monday night) and fell in love. I wish we lived closer so we could go more often, if I lived in the area we would be regulars.
Onto the food and service, service was great. Our hostess was attentive and helpful, directing us to the better choices on the menu. The Philly Pale Ale was cold and delicious. I had the Irish Lamb Stew and my husband had Bangers and Mash. Both were absolutely delicious, the bangers were the best I've ever tasted. We shared a Baileys Cheesecake for dessert and our son had Nutella Chocolate Cake, which he devoured. Our son ate the chicken fingers for dinner and they were delicious, light and juicy. The aioli sauce was nice and spicy. 
We will definitely return when we are back in Philly.Favorite neighborhood spot.  Im so happy that i have this great pub just a few blocks away.  They have great food.  Its always nice to find a spot that features a seasonal menu.  They do also have a regular menu, but once you have gone through that, make sure to try something off the specials menu. I have never been disappointed with that list.
They have a great burger here, perfectly cooked with your choice of two toppings, i personally love the roasted red peppers with fried onions. so delicious.  
Cheesesteak egg rolls are also a knock out here! 
Cheesesteak itself is pretty good too, very good flavors with the sharp provolone. 
Hummus is also very good! comes with great toasted pita bread.
Stephens also has a great beer selection with a rotating draft selection. 
If you are in the neighborhood you should definitely come check it out!My husband, 4 year old, and I had brunch here today and I just have to say that our servers were both so nice and wonderful.  I don't know your names, but thank you both for making it so lovely!For starters, Green street is beautiful so I am drawn to this restaurant automatically.
I have been here for Brunch, Lunch and dinner twice.
Brunch: my girlfriends and I all ordered different meals from eggs benedict to an egg white omelette with caramelized onions, pears and brie, to fresh rasberry pancakes with fresh whipped cream. All of thesebwere incredible, delicious and not heavy or greasy. My egg white, pear, car. onion omelette was delicious but originally they served me a plain egg white omelette with nothing in it. So i told my waitress there had been a mistake and the original order was served to me shortly thereafter. We ordered mimosas also, which were perfect. And, due to the order mishap, my first mimosa was free.
Lunch: With my grandparents who love love loved the location and food (they were pleased to get out of North Philly where I live). Tried one of their salads with grilled portobellos, and plenty of other fresh ingredients, twas killer. Filet Mignon sliders, nuf said. And fresh fish and chips in a non-greasy batter.
Dinnner: recently went with my boyfriend on a whim. We ordered their specials of lamb, celery mashed potatoes, lemon braised asparagus. And, pork with a vinagrette, garllic mashies, and grilled veggies. The meat was so tender we used butter knives to slice it. The flavors were excellent! Also ordered a couple draft beers each. My favorite was the Shark Attack Red Ale... served in an elegant glass but with definitely more than the expected 12 oz, this beer blew me off my feet. Amazing flavor and 10% abv! ...but this isn't beeradvocate, sorry bout that ;) the draft selection is huge and varied and features several local brewers and mostly microbrews. 
I love St Stephens Green and will go back many more times. 
Only drawback, the host ignored me and literally put up his finger to have me wait without looking over at my party for about ten minutes while he chatted up what appeared to be some love interest at the bar. Ha.First time here for a farewell party for a colleague.  Downstairs space perfect for a private party. Bells Two Hearted IPA on tap very good. Companions really liked the fish and chips and lobster Mac n cheese. I shared the calimari and short rib grilled cheese and enjoyed both although would have preferred thinner calimari so it would be less chewy.  The shortrib grilled cheese on challah was outstanding!   It certainly lived up to all the positive reviews.  
I will definitely be back.We went here for the first time for a late lunch around 3:30, and everything was phenomenal. There was a neat atmosphere to the place that was really cozy. 
We had the nachos to start, and the BBQ chicken on top was to die for. For our entrees we had the bacon grilled cheese with fries and the shrimp tacos with a salad. The grilled cheese came on a delicious Texas toast with slab bacon and so many cheeses that I couldn't finish it because it was so big. The fries were perfectly seasoned and cooked so well. The shrimp tacos looked delicious, but my friend ate everything off the plate without saving  me any so I wouldn't know. 
The best part about the place was that after eating soooo much food that the bill was less than 30 dollars!
The staff was very friendly and professional. 
I can't wait to return here.I saw a roach and mouse under one of the tables in bar area! I know this a city bar but that is unacceptable.Considering St. Stephen's is a block from my front door and consistently has a heady selection of beer, I can't complain too much. That said, the food is really hit or miss. Went in for a burger the other night and ordered it medium. It seemed fine but two bites in I realized it was completely raw and uncooked throughout. Awful. At that point I had basically destroyed the thing and didn't feel like complaining. The waiter offered me a free beer so I obviously took him up on that.
Since the place is less than a year old, they obviously haven't figured out a solid menu offering yet and are constantly updating and changing to work out the kinks. Eventually that might happen, but until then I would only suggest going here if you live in the neighborhood and are desperate for a bite. I also only make it a point to drink the beers because I have heard many complaints about the bartenders' cocktail mixing skills and tasted the worst Bloody Mary of my life there.Arrived just as the kitchen was opening on Saturday morning at 11AM. Decent beer selection and a great menu. Sat outside on the beautiful morning, not a very pleasant waitress until she handed us the check and put in the last minute pleasantry in an effort for a better tip. Regardless, brunch was delish. 
I ordered the St. Stephens Green Morning Walk, a full Irish breakfast that was indescribably delicious. The plate featured bangers (sausage), rashers (Irish bacon), fried tomato, eggs (your choice, I went with scrambled), an English muffin, portabella mushroom, black & white pudding (more meat) and baked beans. Only other time I'd had an Irish breakfast was in Dublin a few years back and this was every bit as tasty.
The rest of the menu looks yummy so I'll be back to check it out for another meal.Went there for brunch.  The service was incredibly slow, and the place wasn't that busy.  Wasn't too impressed with the food, got the french toast and it was really soggy and the flavor was a little off.  My girlfriend got a breakfast sandwich that was huge and greasy, she couldn't even eat half of it.  I'm sure it's a great spot if you want to have some beers, it looked like they had some fun stuff on tap, but I'd recommend going elsewhere if you're looking for brunch.I usually love this place but last night it was terrible. They forgot to bring out our soups and we waited for about a half hour. Their mussels were absolutely disgusting...they were slimy and really fishy. I had to spit one out. My dad's burger was ordered medium and he said it was like leather. My mom's veggie wrap was gross. We won't be going back here for food, only maybe for the bar.Came here based on all the great reviews, but was disappointed.
Arrived at 8PM on a Saturday night. All outside tables were filled so we were seated inside with only one other table occupied. Despite the lack of a crowd, service was pretty inattentive after taking the initial order.
As for the food, my friend had the Tex-Mex soup which was OK but really nothing particularly special or spicy about it.  I had the calamari appetizer. Much more breading than actual calamari. For entrees, I had the flatbread pizza.  Wow.  I am not the least bit picky of an eater, especially with pizza, but this was possibly the worst attempt at pizza I've ever encountered. Rock-hard crust with very wilted and unappetizing toppings (spinach, mushrooms).  My friend's trout was pretty good and a nice size portion.  The other table in the place also had the trout and loved it, so that may be a go-to dish here.
I live close to this place, so I'll give it another shot, but first impression was not a good one.I understand there is new ownership-hoooray! Great potential - needs whole revamp of customer service- have to ask for every single thing setup-water etc. 
No attention to detail. So slow- not enough staff. And I have been there at all hours. With some great training and maybe some other classic bar food - how about cheese curds! 
etc this could be a neighborhood gem.I was really not impressed and I was really really really hungry that day when I went there for the first time. If you are really that hungry I thought their food would wow me but sadly no. It was good but not awesome. I think the only thing that impress me is their beer list and my husband said they make a good jack and coke.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!! 
The service is the absolute worst! I have been here with groups of 4 several times with the intention to drink, also I have had dinner. The wait staff is not knowledgeable about the beers they serve or the dinner menu. Trying to flag a server down is a challenge. When we finally would get her over she would leave before taking everyone order, we had to yell at her to get her to turn around and get every ones drinks! Once on my way in, I was approaching the side entrance the server ran in front of me to get to the door, and then just stood in the door way with door cracked so she could stick her head in and yell at the bar tender. I said excuse me and she didn't even acknowledge me! 
YOU WORK AT A BAR, YOU WORK FOR TIPS! THE MORE YOU SELL THE NICER YOU ARE THE MORE MONEY I WILL SPEND THE MORE MONEY I WILL TIP YOU! 
You have got to be kiddingmmm, spare-rib grilled cheese was to die for! Finally got to check out this cozy little pub for more than just a drink outside. The place had a nice authentic Irish feel to it. The beer list was plentyful just like most of the great pubs in fairmount. All three of us enjoyed our meals. Some could argue that the menu is limited and kind of pricey but the meals we ordered were well worth the price. My grilled cheese was overflowing with braised  spare ribs and cheese. My brother's roasted chicken with potato pancake and asparagus was tasty and filling. My frien'ds flatbread pizza was tasty as well. I can't complain about the service either. 
Another fun place that I am lucky enough to be able to walk to.  Oh how I love Fairmount:)This is my favorite neighborhood bar. We are locals and sometimes get some local benefits :). The Guinness here is one of the best (Tir-an-nog and Fado are part of that click) and their lamb tacos are to die for. I am also in love with the Sliders and Trout BLT. Their menu changes with the season and is always relevant. My only complaint stems from inconsistency with the nachos and the noise level at times. Overall, I love this place!Great happy hour! it's always a mission Casual corner bar. Perfect for first dates as I've gone on two there.  It's also a great time to go solo as the bartenders are friendly and the vibe is quite chill. The burger is juicy, and they catered to my gluten free needs at the time. Great beer selection and extremely close by. I would return... tomorrow?Good place to park yourself waiting for a biz lunch and to host your meeting.  Food is definitely not bar food and gets an A for presentation as well as quality.  The Isabella Salad is a meal in itself and I highly recommend it with grilled chicken as a lunch plater.
It is bright and airy for lunch and you can find a quite place for conversation.
I found street parking every time that I went and the 2 hour limit gives you plenty of time without having to pay as much as the meal in parking!
Neighborhood is gentrified and very clean and a nice stroll after your biz meeting lends itself for nicely rounding it out.Great bar for a quiet drink and tasty food - the wings special on Thursday is amazing! Cool smoking area and outdoor seating for the summer evenings. Bar staff are always friendly :)Walked in here on Fourth of July to grab a quick drink. There were probably six people sitting at the bar when I walked in. Sat at the bar for about 5 minutes before finally being acknowledged by the bartender. Told the bartended what drink I wanted, but he seemed to forget in a matter of seconds. As I am waiting, a woman approaches the bar next to me, and informs me that she too has been waiting for a drink for about ten minutes. As we are both waiting for our drinks, the bartender is talking with friends and taking shots. But you know what, its Fourth of July -- I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. Wait for another five minutes -- approximately ten minutes in total. Still no service and no drink. Ultimately, I had to walk out because it felt like the bartender had no intention of serving me. I was completely dumbfounded by the lack of service and professionalism the bartended displayed. How do you just let money walk out like that? You had six people at a bar. I walk by this bar almost every day and because of this experience I will not be going back.THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 12
Another place I wished I had known was around because it is a gorgeous restaurant in a great location.  Plenty of room/space/seating and staff.
Food - Pulled pork slider / Beverage - Tito's Transfusion.
The slider was tasty, albeit a bit salty.  Shared with the Mrs. it was not too shabby although it could have used a bit of slaw or something to help cut the richness.  The drink was a thimble of pink stuff which drank easily enough.  One of the farthest locations, it did not seem like many crawlies made it this far.Do not order out!!! They do not know how to handle take out orders. I ordered their tex mex soup that was supposed to have beans corn and chicken. I paid $8 for a little take out cup (8 0z) and their was one piece of corn and one bean and the chicken had barely been cut. My friend ordered a flat bread and it came in a small take out box ($13) . Don't waste your time on them.I'm new to Philly, so I don't have much to compare my meal and time at St. Stephens Green to...but I very much enjoyed my time there. My friend and I sat outside and still got prompt service. We both had the Apricot Weizens, a sweeter beer than many might like but not overly cloying. I had a special (beef short rib with truffle risotto) which satisfied me very much...though the risotto texture may have been a wee bit funny. My friend had the turkey burrito and loved it, and the fries that came with...I was less impressed by the fries...I prefer a crispy fry to any thing other than that. This is definitely a place where you can eat and drink within your budget (if your budget is about $25) and it's also a place where you can eat and drink beyond said budget. I will definitely go back and try their lamb tacos.Delicious food, unique seating arrangements, solid beer selection. Cozy Irish pub vibe, yet more upscale then your typical pub setting. Small but spacious outdoor seating available. A bit pricey but great service, ambiance, and food. Filet mignon sliders were outstanding along with the quesadillas. I'm a huge beer fan and I was pleased with their selection. They also have a delicious Sauvignon Blanc by Firestone available here which I haven't been able to find at local liquor stores. Great neighbor, definitely give this place a try!Nice place to eat, good atmosphere, good food, and reasonable (for Philly) prices
I asked the server to make the chicken tenders with the buffalo sauce.  I had to explain what I wanted, but when it came out, it was really good.
I was also happy that they have a ramp-type access to the front door since I have a lot of trouble with stairs.  But right inside the front door is a set of 2 stairs without a handrail or anything to grab.  This isn't unusual at all in older buildings though.Good neighborhood spot but be warned, they've done away with their happy hour food menu and nightly food specials (no wing night, taco tuesday, etc.).Since my review, I've been here a few more times.
Things not to get: Steak frites (steak did not taste fresh), chicken wings (these were frozen and still cold), soft shell crab sandwich, crab quesadillas
Things that are better: burgers (add salt), perogies (very good), chicken tenders, mac n cheese bites
Looks like they've gotten rid of their perogies, pretty much the best thing that was on their menu, and weekday specials. Not sure why.Great neighborhood pub food. Always good specials and the assorted tacos are a good go to.Loved our friendly bartender that shared with us information about their pints and pups fundraiser to raise money for animals! How wonderful.  We went for happy hour and were very pleased with our $4 October Fest pints and had one of the best burgers that I have had in Philly.  An inviting, warm environment makes St. Stephens Green a place worth coming back to.Some of the best French fries I've ever had. Friendly and prompt service. Nice place to have a few drinks and a bite to eat.This place has a really cool atmosphere, friendly staff and outdoor patio that looks awesome. Good place to hit up in Fairmount if you're looking for a pub type place. 
Pros:
Extensive beer menu
Great happy hour menu
Good food- the fish and chips were good, the bbq chicken nachos were fantastic 
Cons: 
Expensive for non happy hour
Gets crowded/noisy easily.Delicious food, plenty of Euro sports on the tube, and an outstanding selection of beers from around the world. Top notch.Had a dinner here on a friday evening...like a few posters had suggested: Beer prices were about $0.50 too high. Food was good, yet nothing to write home about. Service seemed fine, no problems getting a server or getting re-fills.  I am a fan of the decor however. I was seated on the bar side right next to the fireplace...and flatscreen. My girlfriend gets to sit next to the fire and I get to watch ESPN HD. No complaints from me...We come here a lot because it's only 2 blocks away.  The food is usually good, but I've had a couple dishes I wasn't fond of--overcooked shrimp in a taco and bland duck in a salad.  Their brunch is pretty good--haven't had any real problems there.I went here for brunch yesterday with a friend.  I have been here before but never for brunch.  Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing; we felt no pressure from her and were able to sit and enjoy a leisurely brunch.  We ordered the french toast sticks which were delicious.  We each ordered the eggs in a basket sandwich which came with a side salad.  The sandwich was supposed to have a hash brown on it, mine had one while my friend's did not.  Odd that we could order the exact same thing and have it come out so differently.  Overall it was an OK-brunch, no line no wait, but not sure I would come back due to menu inconsistency.I typically only went here for taco Tuesday but they have recently stopped it. Why? Who knows, we were met with a very apathetic waitress. Service and the food is otherwise lackluster.Great atmosphere! Great drink selection and their Lobster Mac & Cheese is to die for!! The quesedillas are pretty yummy as well. Mmmmm
www.ohivedonethat.blogspot.comThis is a bar in the neighborhood that I tend to forget about unless I'm actively brainstorming places to go. It's never my first choice, but it's never a poor choice.
I've yet to experience exceptional service here -- usually servers look rushed and frazzled, and on my first visit on a date back in January, I overheard the staff making comments about kicking us out because they wanted to close early. It was like 10 p.m. and they were supposed to stay open for a few more hours at least.
Despite that, I do still like St. Stephen's. It's a great spot for outdoor drinking in the warmer months and their back patio area is nice if you're looking for eclectic privacy.
I'd definitely recommend them as a spot for a quick drink. Their list is usually pretty solid.My husband and I come here for about 3 years. We drive here all the way from Delaware, knowing its always outstanding food and service at this place! Servers recognize us and always chat friendly and serve promptly. Drinks and food are a very good quality for a very reasonable price! We are not that spoiled in Delaware as those in Philadelphia , lesser food is pricier in Delaware. We enjoy St.Stephen's, and will continue to come here and bring our friends ! Solid 5 stars!I love this place-the service has definitely improved and the food is really just fantastic.  The wings really are incredible, and desserts are phenomenol-which is huge for a more "bar-ish" place.  The smoking bishop is also a perfect winter time drink!This place has character, and I LIKE it!
You feel like you're stepping into a pub in Europe in a lot of ways.  The furniture, the lighting, the general mood.  There was an interesting beer selection, and our waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the choices.  I ended up with a variation on a Belgian white.  
For dinner, I tried the burger and my honey got the salmon.  You could choose two toppings for the burger, and I ended up with caramelized onions and brie.  Our food was great and plentiful, and I took a nice doggie bag home.
To me, this is the perfect neighborhood bar for when you're looking for a step up from wings and fries.  Sure, it's slightly more expensive (4 beers, 2 entrees and a dessert got us to around $65), but nothing too steep.  We didn't get to explore the bar area, but it seemed comfortable and inviting as well.Really friendly pub, with a very attentive barkeep and really tasty fish and chips. I liked the casual atmosphere and the food was surprisingly good for a pub. Maybe not the level of 5 stars, but it's great for a quick bite.Food was nothing special. Way to many flys in the place for my liking. I won't be back.Don't go here.  Bartender screamed at me because I questioned him about the happy hour special -- special advertises "house wine" for $5, and he charged me $8 for house pinot noir.  He screamed at me, asserting that only "house merlot" was on special.  Later, I approached him and stated I did not appreciate the way he talked to me and would be writing a review on here, and he began to curse me out.  All types of expletives that I cannot write on here.  He has buzzed, brown hair, and is mid to late 30s.  Will never go here again.  This guy has no class.