After reading other reviews, of this and the other location, I got the jist that the staff here are ignorant and annoying but that the food was decent. I ordered a stromboli online, and I half expected them to call with an issue because that seems to be a common experience.
In fact they did call with an issue, ten minutes later. The woman called me and said that the price I was given when I ordered FROM THEIR WEBSITE was wrong. I said that it certainly was not, and that I had ordered from their own menu. I then pointed out that I had used a $5.00 coupon, one that they advertise both on their website and on the paper menu they left at my home, in BIG BOLD LETTERS. "Sign Up For Our Rewards Points and Get $5 Off!"
She said "Oh you had a coupon? It don't say there here." Okay then. Your own system doesn't recognize that I utilized a coupon on your own website with a code that your own website emailed me five minutes ago? This did not bode well for what was to come.
When the delivery guy got nearby he called and asked for the cross street, and then said he was rounding the corner. I put on shoes and was just about to walk out my door to go downstairs when the buzzer for the front door rang. My order specifically said to call, NOT to ring the buzzer. My orders always say this, because I don't want to bother my housemate who sleeps in the day and works at night. I have NEVER had a problem until today.
I went down to the door and was honestly just devoid of reaction, but I had a very Miranda Priestly moment when I said "I don't know why you felt the need to press the buzzer when I just told you I was on my way down. I'm sorry I wasn't able to move at a pace exceeding speeds achievable by human beings." I'm kind of proud of that.
Anyway the food is disgusting. Firstly this isn't a stromboli, it's a calzone. YES, there is a difference. Secondly the very SMELL of it was sour, so you can only imagine the taste. It tastes like rotten dough was wrapped around fetid cheese and meat. I ate one segment and have thrown the rest in the trash.
Ladies and gentlemen, learn from YELP reviews. Don't take a chance.After being a faithful customer of Stacy's pizza & wings for at least a few years I have ordered from them for the last time tonight. The service has really changed as of late. Even ordering on grub hub has become a chore. Delivery takes way too long, the order has been wrong, often times the food  is cold & it's  become obvious complaints are ignored.  I've noticed how the service has declined and the reviews have changed as well. So long to Stacy's,you've lost another customerabsolutely terrible!  don't order breakfast from here ever on a Saturday morning poorly trained staff and bad drivers will make you just not want to eat at all, the wait time was ridiculous since we are around the corner the entire order was messed up the tea the coffee the sandwiches all came back with different configurations upon questioning the driver that delivered the food he said we owed 1.34 for the order that was placed. I told him that me personally I don't even want the order because its late inaccurate and the 1.34 was an after thought , he went on to complain  and say that he was owed this he's just a driver I told him the owner will have to eat that because I was not paying him and never ordering from them again.This place sucks. The service is rude the food is cold and it takes forever. They will mostly likely get your order wrong. Save your money and go somewhere elseI was a little hesitant to order from Stacy's and now I see why.
I believe that the employees of this pizza shop are generally unprofessional. I had issues ordering over the phone which was a new experience for me. I was a little put off by the same employees when I walked over to the restaurant to pick up my food. 
The spaghetti and meatballs I ordered were barely edible. Unseasoned, topped with entirely too much cheese and the meatballs were cut up for some reason instead of left whole. I'm assuming they're not made in house.
I guess it's hard to mess up a cheese-steak so if I am forced to eat from this place again I think that might be the only thing I would order.
Otherwise, I would recommend not steering too far away from things of that nature.Very rude felt like I was a Inconvenience . Worst salad I have ever had . Dirty little place walls falling down on side by dumpster smells like people urinate on walls when you walk by location . GrossPlaced $5.25 on the counter to pay for my sandwich only to have the angry cashier look at me in disgust and tell me that I was rude for not physically handing her my money.  Rude would've been throwing money at her, being on my cell phone, etc.  Don't need the attitude, not going back.  Ugh.The staff is friendly and greet you upon arrival. It can get pretty crowded on a Friday or Saturday so call in your order. They have everything you can think of from hoagies, wings, Salads and even Mexican food. I usually stick to the hot wings which aren't hot at all in my opinion but hey my threshold for heat is skewed since I love jalapeño and hot sauce. 
They do give you a nice potion when it comes to food so be prepared to have left overs. You can eat here too but there is only one small round table with two chairs. There's another chair for people waiting. I typically would not eat here because there's no privacy. I like the people and the people who patronize this business have been coming here for years. You can tell how they chat it up with the people behind the counter.The Buffalo-delphia steak is the best overall steak I have ever had.  Their fries are good, and the people who work there have always seemed fine to me.  Everyone I've ever taken there when my buffa-jonez kicked in has been happy with the sandwiches they got.
I have never gotten pizza and never gotten delivery.
$1.50 off steaks on Mondays!@  That's the big boh yah.Only ordered a large pizza, it's alright but it's almost as if they made a pizza, then opened 3 of those papa johns garlic dipping sauce and poured them all over the pizza. The pizza was literally dripping with a garlic oil, just felt it was far too much to put on one pizza.This is a pretty yummy corner pizza shop serving a pie with a thinner crust (not super thing though) and lots of cheese.  If you're a  local, call them for your next delivery!Best pizza in west Philly I thought vincents was the best until I taste the chicken cheese steaks (chunks of chicken) cheese steaks are meatful also the best in my bookPretty good pizza for delivery in West Philly. Beats Allegro for sure. One caveat is that their pizzas are undersized - a large has 8 pieces, I expected 10 or 12. 
I got an orange and four mints with my pizza, thrown in. I love little quirks like that.I ordered the Stacey Special cheese steak it was good, could've been better if the roll was toastedOver all I really like this place. . The ONLY issue I have is that it seems like I wait for a long time every time I order.  (At lest 15-20 min)
BUT w that said the food is always good an hot when I get it.The bbq wings are quite good but suspiciously different every time I order them 
The pizza tastes okay-- better than anything else I've tried in the area-- but they never cut it all the way through. Last time we ordered a pizza it came in three pieces: one tiny sliver, one regular-sized slice and then the rest of the pie. How is it even possible to get an odd number of even odder sized slices with a pizza cutter? Incredible.
It also takes at least an hour to get your pizza which means that it's always cold by the time i get it (I live 6 blocks away). 
The delivery people also generally refuse to get out of their cars. Recently I've been playing games of "Chicken" with the delivery guy to see who will make the first move. 
I once had the pleasure of an elderly couple delivering my food. They chastised me for not answering my phone (they had called the wrong number) and wouldn't let me walk away until they had scoured the order paper to make sure I had left a tip on my card.
Oh, and sometimes the delivery guy will call and tell you he's outside when he's actually 10 minutes away.
..but the wings. I really like the wings. Don't get the mild ones-- they're just soaked in orange grease.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!! This is the first and last time I will order from Stacy's. When I called the woman who picked up and took my order was rude and impatient.  She didn't clarify my order, or tell me how long it would take she just hung up after she too my order,  she didn't even ask me my method of payment.  After an hour and 10 min I called back to find out how much longer my  my order would take, the woman was once again arrogant and rude and and blew me off by telling five more minutes.. 15 more minutes past and the driver called me and said he needed 5 more minutes to find my place which was strange because during my first call in I gave detailed instructions on where I lived. You would think they woman who took my call would have shared that information with the driver,  but I guess that would be asking too much..  When my order finally arrived it was cold, the wings were tiny and dried out, and the bag it came in was soaked in wing sauce as though it had be stored on its side or upside-down.  I do not recommend ordering from this place, I know I won't be again.Horrible service , food was cold , arrived a hour late, and the driver had the nerve to tell me whatever price he wanted to for my food.Worst restaurant ever!!!! Lousy customer service from those who take orders over the phone and through GrubHub. This is not the first time this has happened. Very nasty service.
I will never ever place an orderJust got a spinach and mushroom pizza. And it was SOOO GOOD! The guy behind the counter was visibly worried about how I was planning to bring my pizza home. (It was raining and I was on a scooter)Stacey, honey, I love your fries...  I avoid them on purpose... but I still dream about them. *swoon*
My co workers swear by your other foodstuffs, but it's the fries that I sneak from their desks at lunchtime..I had ordered mild wings from their and they were nasty they had a lot of grease not good at all if I were you keep driving pass this place I wasted my moneyNice staff. Good food. I love places like this where you can tell it's just someone living out their dream of owning their own place. I'll eat here for as long as I live in the area.I had two bad experiences with this restaurant. First I asked for fried onions and got raw.  The second time I order a seafood platter. The mashed potatoes were just instant potatoes with water horrible. The corn on the Cobb was old. Never again will I order from that place. Oh , I asked for a menu no I did not get it with my order, so the driver went back to her car to get me oneGood pizza, although the large pie seemed a bit small. Delivery wasn't super fast, but the pizza itself was delicious! I'll definitely be ordering again.I love this place!! I order form Stacey's very frequently from large orders for my job to personal home orders. They're food is delicious and the staff is very friendly! Try the chicken cheesesteak platter  or any salad :)Ok so I'm no expert for cheesecake in philly but this one was great! 4 stars instead of 5 for the dripping water from the ceiling vent and pizza guys arguing about going on delivery runs and standing in the way of customers. Pizza was great too.Stacy's is a good place for food if you like big portions. I've had spaghetti with meatballs from here and it was too much for me to finish. Even after working a 16 hour shift and eating from it twice. Don't get me wrong I appreciate all the food. I just hate when I feel like food is wasted. Their prices are reasonable. Some meals come with a small salad. Often theses salads have very little in them as of your being given the scrapes from someone's full salad order. I've also had the chicken fingers and fries special with honey mustard which I loved. Overall I'd eat from them again. You'll just have to figure out what's for you on the menu.I just moved to west philly, from North east philly and we were looking for a new place to order out from. We've tried a few spots, but this one is our favorite. They have the BEST, and I mean BEST Mediterranean salad I have ever tasted in my life. It's my favorite. I order it every time I get something from here. Also, their chicken chew steaks are really good. They actually season the chicken, unlike most restaurants in northeast philly. We've ordered a few things off the menu, and all exceeded my expectations.. except for one. 
The lamb gyro. Omg. Literally the worst gyro I've ever had in my life. It was disgusting. I had to throw it away. They don't use fresh shaved lamb leg, but some gross, substitute meat. Idk it made me Nauseous. 
But everything else is delicious !!!!!!!!Food always good, and delivery normally super quick. The buffalo wings & bacon cheese fries are my favs but the pizza is good as well as everything else I've tried from them over the past few years. Consistent and good every time.The pizza here is okay, it can be greasy and they usually load up way too many ingredients on their special pizzas. However what saves this place is fast pick up times, good sandwiches and sides, and friendly but fast staff. I would say the move here is to order a simple pizza and pick it up there.The best pizza and wings spot in the area. The food was piping hot and came in less than 45 minutes.This is probably my favorite buffalo wing spot in town. Food taste great, customer service always on point.Nothing fancy, just flavorful pizza with a nice crust.  It's not greasy or expensive.  Have only tried it once, but this could wind up being my favorite pizza place in U. City.  The setting is unassuming, to say the least, but service is friendly and quick.  What more can you ask for?Stacy's used to be one of my go-to places for takeout, but the service has gone downhill in the past couple of months. We ordered pizza last month and after waiting for almost two hours, we called and they hadn't even started our order. We hoped it was a fluke so we ordered again from there a few weeks ago and the same thing happened. I have heard similar things from other customers. It's such a shame, the wings were the best.The food is ok, if they get your order right. Time management sucks at this place. I called in 20 minute before arriving to pick up my order ( a chicken cheesesteak) and I waited 33 minutes in the store for my order. No one apologized or offered a discount.My wife and try hamburger there
Oh man the price is too high
The place no eat in and charge people too much. It ok just one time, because I am hungry take my son to the doctor at  Chop
50th & Market street.Excellent customer service ! I'll post the food when it gets here, ordered some wings with a small pizza let's see if it's good!The food is always good and there's never really a long wait and the customer service is great. Favorite place to go near me highly recommend!Food was fine. Decent wings. Horrible service. Ordered food through an online service - service includes a map outlining their delivery zone. I am clearly within the zone. Shortly after ordering I received a phone call from Stacy's. They were super rude. Basically yelled at me, told me I was outside of there delivery zone and then told me I could never order from them again. Then the food took over an hour and fifteen minutes to come.They are unprofessional customer service sucks  and there drives don't knock on doors I particularity don't like there food my husband does but I will never order from their again they don't even deserve one starWe order wings from here like almost every other day. Wings are good and delivery is usually fast, 30 mins top. Well today I ordered 2 chicken Ceasar salads and it took 1 1/2 hours to arrive. What upset me the most was the condition in which my food arrived. The bag was ripped all the way open, the dressing and forks fell out the bag on to the ground while he was handing it to me and then try to argue with me because I said I didn't want it. Dude we're in the middle of a pandemic and you hand me a ripped bag of food with stuff taking out of it. Im already taking a chance ordering out, and a salad at that. And I paid with my debit card so 5-7 days for a refund lol. This wasn't my first unsatisfied experience with them but the wings are so good I excused a few things but this was the last straw for meWhen you're high and hungry, those wings hit the spot. Crispy outside, moist inside. Never fails.I'd say the service is hit or miss but the food is consistently good. Great cheesesteaks, good pizza and wings, and they usually get it to you on time. For best results, order ahead and pick it up yourself.My concern about the food is Stacy's is that it is completely unexceptional. It is mediocre, there is nothing here that makes Stacy's stand apart from the crowd. It isn't as if it is the only pizza place in the middle of nowhere and it isn't as if they put some amazing amounts of thought into what they cook. 
The appetizers are delicious but it is because they are fried, and fried to a crisp. Everything tastes great when friend, but Stacy's doesn't appear to make them from scratch. Or if they do, then they (not surprisingly) freeze it first.
I found the pizza smaller than usual and also greasier than what I prefer.
I don't want to praise other places in a review for this place, but google pizza in University City or even search on Yelp and you'll find better places. 
Sorry Stacy's, but your run-down look does't add to a retro appeal in any way.In many ways it's easier to identify bad pizza than good pizza. There's many ways to make a delicious pizza, maybe it's the extra care into the dough, an amazing sauce, or the perfect cheese and toppings. Making pizza bad can often be done quickly. Stacey's Pizza comes in huge greasy slices covered with tasteless cheese with very little sauce. Upon examining my pizza it almost looked as if there was a layer of cheese, a thin layer of sauce, and a huge heaping layer of cheese. 
All in all, bad pizza, not worth it, too many better choices much closer.The pizza here is excellent.  So are the wings.  The price is reasonable too.  I just found this place because my professor ordered it when we had class a couple of weeks ago.  I was shocked that I found a pizza place that wasn't a greasy mess.  I'll be ordering here pretty frequently until I leave West Philly.Their food is great, but their customer service is awful. On 12/16/20 around 6pm I ordered a delivery through DoorDash and was notified that Stacy's cancelled my order because they were closing. I called the restaurant and got no answer. So they received my order and just decided not to fulfill it, and close 5 hours early instead (as per Yelp they're open until 11pm). Very disappointing and unprofessional!!Got our food delivered from here a couple times. Every time, the order was delivered under an hour (About 40-45 minutes) and the food was great! The chicken gyros are very good! Was extremely surprised as I am used to having Greek Lady in University City. Have to say... the gyros here seemed to be just as good, if not better. The price is pretty cheap for the amount of food you get.Please don't not order from here. They have the worst customer service in west philly. They messed up my order yesterday and my food was cold. They wanted me to wait another 45 mins for to replace the cold food and I work right around the corner. Mind you my order already was over an hour. The delivery driver was VERY unprofessional when she came to my job. Her and her male escort driver smelled like weed coming into my job and banging on the lobby window. The owner did not even try to accommodate me for my cold food and he forced me to pay and wouldn't let me return the food. The driver lied about an altercation that didn't happen all because I complained. Please do not eat here!! Please go to New Style Pizza on 41/chestnut - the food is better anyway. This was not my first customer service issue with themThey are horrible I live on the block and they have Rats running up and down the block from their dumpsters that haven't been dumped since before Christmas L and I will be called tomorrow I'm tired of themThey have the worst delivery driver, watch your orders because he tried to over charge me for my order. And then lied and said it was Tax. My order total was 16.29 but he told me my order was 17.00. He tried to keep. 71 cents from me . Not know I would have tipped 2.00 if he was a honest delivery person.  But the food was good just those 3 incidents I experienced with the same delivery driver.Aside from the comedic relief and poetic license I am taking with this review; understand the customer service of this establishment (except for the young lady who answered the phone, she was amazingly polite and understanding) is piss poor and their ignorance, both the driver and the manager, is truly stunning.  I do hope that the owner takes heed and incorporates some sensitivity training.  A customer with a disability should NEVER be made to feel responsible for a service professionals laziness or lack of willingness to perform their job.  Nor should they have to take extreme efforts to receive the same level of service as non-disabled persons.
This was one of my favorite go-to places for palatable food and so as I have done for the better part of two years since moving here, I ordered online through my besty @Eat24 for delivery.  The "delivery" person called my cell to let me know that the food was outside.  I told him to knock on the door and someone would collect the food (a note that is included in the special instructions, btw).   The "delivery" person refused because I "wasn't in the house."
I figured maybe he needed assurance so I explained that the order was already paid for and that there is someone in the house to collect the food from him, he need only to knock. I only ordered and paid for it as I have done multiple times in the past.  He again refused.  He said he calls because he "expects you to answer the door while you are on the phone." 
I explained to the "delivery" person that the order was already paid for and it was noted that he would have to knock on the door to "deliver" it to the deaf person inside, not sit outside two houses down and beep the horn.   I also explained in this day and age of cell phones and the internet, his expectation was rather...archaic ....to say the very least.  His response was to leave, refusing to deliver the food until someone was standing in the door to greet him. 
So I called the restaurant and explained to the manager that there was a deaf person receiving the order and the "delivery" person needed to knock to alert the service animals who'd in turn alert someone to answer the door ...not too complex for a delivery person - based on the fact that "delivering" food is part of his job description and all.  I complained to no avail, my daughter had to stand in the doorway waiting for the delivery person to eventually come back.  Truly a minor inconvenience  in the world today, especially after I contacted Eat24 for help and as usual their amazing customer service made this experience better than it was.  
So why am I writing this review with only one star when we really like the food and Eat24's customer service response wins the day every time?  
Because when I called the restaurant to complain to the manager about the "delivery" person refusing to deliver, he pretty much said that it is not his "delivery" person's responsibility to knock on the door and deliver the food "just because someone is deaf, she should have someone there helping her."             0_o?   
Well my good man, I can only agree with you that it is not your "delivery" person's job to take the food to the door... and knock on it... "just because a customer is deaf."  I mean it's preposterous to think that anyone would make such a demand!  --Yet conversely, because he is a "delivery" person isn't it his job to take the food to the door and knock on it... because that is the actual definition of DELIVERY?  And a person in that position can sometimes be required to DELIVER things? 
A delivery person delivering something that is just a novel idea, isn't it?Every time we order from here, the food is always amazing! My favorite is the sweet chili wings! Yum! But they have great salads and steaks too! Never had a problem with customer service. Been ordering from this place for years and they haven't let me down.Food was good. I ordered a chicken tender platter and my fiance ordered 4 piece fried chicken platter.  We both received chicken tender platters but shrugged it off because we were hungry and wanted to eat.  I paid $10.45 for mine because I got a couple sauces on the side and he paid $8.45 for his. Our total came out to $18.40 plus tax and the delivery fee and I tipped about $4 and some change - all of it was paid on my credit card through Seamless, a total of around $26.00.
The food took a little over an hour to arrive, not really a big deal. I'm usually really easy going so late food/slightly incorrect orders don't really bug me.
However, about 30 minutes after our food was delivered I received a call from the restaurant.  The man on the phone told me that I owed $9.00 in addition to what I already paid. I was obviously really confused, because where did this extra $9.00 come from?? I asked what it was for and he just said that I owed it. I even double checked my seamless receipt and credit card statement while I had him on the phone to verify that I paid the $26.00 in full.  So he started asking for verification from a woman in the background - I could hear them arguing with each other. He seemed a bit confused as to why he was calling me.  He asked her if she wanted to talk to me and I hear her yell "I don't even care, just give it to her for free at this point." 
Give me what for free? I paid for both things that I ordered!  I calmly explained that I didn't owe anything extra, but they just kept on asking for the $9.00. Finally the woman takes the phone, says 'thank you' and hangs up. What???? I seriously never leave reviews, but this was so ridiculous that I couldn't help myself.Such horrible service they messed up on my order when I called for them to fix it no one answered I didn't gain anything for the $80 because everyone got there money back someone ordered from my job today and this is what they are putting on people receipt this is harassment and I'm suing because this is very unprofessional I will never order from there againTerrible customer service,  no thank you, no how are you. Food was not ready when I arrived so they threw it together quickly which showed no concern for how they service people.The customers are why you remain in business...right? Well they lost me.. people can choose to spend their money anywhere..I will choose good customer service over hunger any day!This is my second time ordering from this place, the first time my food came in a reasonable time and the salad I ordered was ok (its really hard to mess up a salad) the second time I ordered from here my food took 1hr and 20mins.I wish I could say it was worth the wait but unfortunately it was not My cheese fries were cold. The cheese was hard I couldn't get my fork through it, my buffalo chicken wrap was ok, I really wish they added more bleu cheese and used the good stuff instead of the watery bleu cheese they used. I think I'll just stick with their saladI decided to order take out from there because I really wanted a chicken Stromboli. Baybeeeeee the customer service sucked. When I called the woman who answered the phone was rude. I said to myself Cyn don't be quick to judge maybe it's crowded inside or extremely busy. I get to the store and the store had a few people in it and it wasn't busy. The lady asked what I ordered. I told her she gave me the price and then I handed her my card. She swiped my card and handed me my receipt. I'm standing there like "hello do I need to sign a receipt?" Sis paid me NO mind. No manners. My food wasn't even hot. It wasn't nasty. Just was warm. When I ordered my food, I told 15-20 mins. I got there in 17 mins so no way my food shouldn't have been hot. Not to mention they charged me an extra .50 cents to use my debit card. Never again!I was checking my bank account and they charged me more then they said it was. Also they sent me fries that were not cooked at all they were raw and cold they also sent me grape gingerale when I asked for mountain dew so I called for replacement fries and drink that never came so I called back after 2 hours of waiting and I got attitude from the lady who answered the phone and she said she'd send the driver for a refund of the fries and a new mountain dew..... shocker he never came. The food that was edible was nasty so I say go somewhere else.Another disappointment. Food is pretty good, but the customer service is the worst. If you want something from there, please don't don't ask for delivery. You will only be disappointed and frustrated. They never send all of your food. Once, I ordered a water with my meal- the guy forgot to bring it and went to the nearest Chinese store and brought me 2 $0.50 waters. Another time I ordered a turkey hoagie and they brought me a tuna hoagie. When turkey hoagie arrived, it was horrible. I had try to fix it myself. (Adding things from the kitchen-Mayo, etc. Another time I ordered grilled chicken salads and received no dressing, Called them back, the cashier did apologized (which was a first-they're never apologetic), told me they would send it out. I waited 45min, no salad dressing. Called them back-cashier said the driver was going to bring it on his next delivery. (By this time, the grilled chicken was cold.) I asked why didn't he bring the dressing right back? Why would I have to wait for the next delivery? The cashier then yelled, "Look i can't tell when to deliver my dressing!" "Even if I told him he wouldn't listen."  I couldn't believe she was saying this.  At this point they should have just sent new order or given me a credit for the salad. Especially since I had such a big order. 
Honestly, it's just always an issue when ordering from this establishment & the owner couldn't care any less. He's just as rude as his staff.Super cold Pizza waited over an hour then told me they can't take it back because it was ordered through GrubHub after they told me they were sending another one out he told me I had to pay for another Pizza and get a refund through GrubHub even though it's his pizza. So if you get hit over the head with a bat he has to take it up with the manufacturerThis place is way too close to where I live. And they make respectable pizza, and everything else for that matter.
They're friendly, cheap, and close-by. All the things I look for in a pizza place. I'd normally rate them a 3, but they've really come through in the clutch for me on late nights.
Here's to you, Stacy's!