I was very disappointed because the Seafood Mac & Cheese was not as good as I expected! BUT I LOVED the potato salad & buffalo honey wings! Also their strawberry lemonade drink was amazing! The food came quick & their customer service was off the hook. If I had to rate the buffalo chicken rolls, I'd rate them an 5/10. Another thing I want to say is get better chairs for people like me with back problems!Very cute spot. The wings I had were delicious and I enjoyed the cream of crab too. Hopefully I can try more from their menu (I counted numerous wing flavors). 
The staff was friendly, the chef personally came out and asked how our food was and she threw in a few extra wings because she said some may have not came out right. 
It was a little cold, but after a while we warmed up and were good. Hope to be back soon.Placed order over the phone for pick up. First phone call I made was pleasant enough. The young lady did her best to answer a few questions I had about the menu. When I called back to actually place the order it seemed the young lady may have been new and unfamiliar with the menu and side options. She put me on hold a few times to ask someone. A bit annoying but I can appreciate her drive to get my order correct. I order the "Signature" Chipotle Salmon and the crusted chicken without cheese. When we arrived for pick up the meals the waitress walked up to us check in hand and held it In my boyfriends face. No greeting, no "your food will be right out" just simply held out the check. The salmon was delicious definitely the best part of both dishes. Side portions of rice, green beans, and red cabbage were meager. Portion size in general seems extremely small. My boyfriend made a sandwich after eating because he just did not have enough. I think this place could be a lot better with some customer service training and better portion size. I'm sure the poor service was mostly due to what seemed to be young staff and lack of training. Definitely won't be returning. Oh I almost forgot seems a bit expensive for poor service and small portions.Ok, the food here is the real deal. I'm not sure what kind of food you could even label this as, but whatever they are doing here it is working! 
My lovely coworkers ordered a bunch of wings from here for my birthday and they were so good! They were fried perfectly and definitely the best wings I've ever had. They have plenty of cool options in terms of flavors (I remember a peanut butter and jelly flavor!) but we stuck with plain and were not disappointed. 
Since I'm not huge on wings I ordered Parmesan crusted tilapia. Seriously the best tilapia I've ever had. The sauce on top was so delicious and the fish was cooked perfectly. It was served with a side of red cabbage that was phenomenal as well.
I can't wait to try more off of their menu! Definitely give them a try.This restaurant is absolutely true to the reviews before mine. The food is fun, creative and well prepared. You'll find an intriguing bend of soul and Asian flavors that are really wonderful. There are a limitless number of wing sauces; we loved the Indian curry and raspberry balsamic choices. Don't forget the great side orders too.Its a hidden gem. Food was absolutely amazing. Everything we ordered was beuind delicious and i can't wait to dine there again. And those wings....yumyum. Chef came out and introduced herself and ask how was everything...it was excellentThe food was amazing. My fiance and I went and we had the seafood Mac, Asian fusion wings, seafood fried rice, and fusian bang shrimp. Prices are affordable, Which allowed us to try a lot of different things. The service was also great. We got our food quick.My first experience here was dining in and I fell in love. I didn't know it was BYOB but will remember for next time. I've only ordered take-out either via UberEats or Yelp since then. Be as specific as you can when placing an online order to ensure accuracy. I always get the thai salt and pepper wings; she gets the thai salt and pepper shrimp made mild. It's bomb. All the egg rolls are also top notch; bursting with flavor. Because each dish is made to order, allow plenty of time for your order to be ready; if you want to eat at 7, order by 5:30. Even on a Wednesday night I've waited over an hour for an order. It's worth the wait.Absolutely love Star Fusion! It should be the talk of Philly! My favorite is the Bang Bang shrimp and the Raspberry Balsamic Chicken! Bon Appetit!Nasty place!!! I looked at the waiter drop something on the floor and put it on the customers plate. Mildew smell and food was horrible. I ordered 2 platters, the misleading gave me one platter. Never again. Staff could not handle simple task and restaurant was empty.I ordered takeout...the calamari and crab fried rice the calamari barely anything in there and it was extremely Bland there  was no seasoning in the crab fried rice it taste like yellow rice out the box with some crab meat dumped on top and it was very greasy...there was no flavor in either item... I will not be ordering those items again I do know I've had the chicken in the past and it was a very good so if I ever order from there again that will probably be the only thing I eat...This place will piss you off!!
Food-nasty
Service-below standard, SLOW
Prices-high
I had high hopes for a nice,residential neighborhood eatery but was disappointed as soon as I entered the door.  The atmosphere was so noisy, it gave me a headache. People forget when to use their indoor voices... I had a reservation but it didn't matter, no one asked. 
The raspberry wings had no taste of raspberry.
The teriyaki glazed salmon was cooked too hard (although the glaze was good).
The broccoli was overcooked.
The ONLY thing I enjoyed at this place was the strawberry lemonade and the nice family of mother and two daughters that sat next to me. 
I won't be back and would not recommend this place!I must say this place is a HIDDEN TREASURE!!!! I work on City Ave and I have to stop at in here at least 2x per week... This is a family friendly restaurant that also caters to the night crowd.. To add to that its a B.Y.O.B... I'm always ready to return!!!! Today I had the Salt and Pepper Thai wings, also try S&P shrimp and scollops, and the stuffed Salmon!!!!!What a hidden gem.  A little tucked out of the way but worth the effort.  Staff was extremely friendly and attentive.My first time trying this restaurant out, so I ordered take out seafood Mac n cheese. The taste was off there were shells in the food, and to top it off saw small strand of hair in my food. So disgusting and disappointed!!!!! Will not be back!!!The food was phenomenal. We enjoyed everything we ordered. You must try the crab cakes and the salmon dish.This a great little spot! So happy we stopped by. We were in the area visiting and found it on Yelp. The food and service was awesome. The owner is fabulous! If you are ever in the area, check them out!Amazing food, great service and the owner and head chef, Darlene came to our table and answered all of our questions about the menu. Fusion Asian,  Caribbean,  Soul Food favors and you have some of the best food in the city.I went here with a large party, reserved weeks ahead of time, and somehow they clearly weren't prepared for us. Service was incredibly slow, with a 20-30 minute span between entrees coming out. There was a hair in my food and the waiter's response was "are you sure?"...no offer to take it off the the bill or replace it. The final straw was when they advised us they didn't have our dessert because they gave it away to an Uber Eats customer. After knowing we were coming for two weeks, offering a prefixed menu with said dessert, and making us wait for 3 hours to even get to the dessert, they gave it away?! I can't explain how disappointing this place was.Good food.  Good service. Very nice owners. I love to support local businesses. They should have some type of neighborhood event to promote their business.So I ordered take out from here on 1/13/18- 40 wings, cheesesteak rolls, and French fries (my total was $50). So first let me say that the wings were very good we got the peach cilantro (my favorite), lemon pepper, salt&pepper, and the mild buffalo. The cheesesteak rolls were were a little on the small side, but had a great chili dipping sauce. At 3 for $6 I was a little underwhelmed. So I got home and took everything out of the bag a lo and behold no sauces for the wings, no napkins. So I called back, for the sauces and received a less the "customer service friendly" response. So I contemplated going back for the sauces, but decided against it after my family had unearthed some blue cheese from the fridge and started to eat. So in the end I'm a believer in details and I also believe that each interaction with someone can either make or break an experience. So a small piece of advice step up the customer service to match level of the food and don't forget about the details especially when some leaves the comfort of their home during the Eagles game on a 26 degree night.I tried the food at Star Fusion today for the first time,  but it will not be the last. There were so many kinds of wings to choose from that I couldn't decide. The waitress, who was very pleasant, suggested the Thai salt and pepper wings. I was concerned because of the name, but she assured me that they aren't salty and they are very good. She was right.  Those wings made me want more!  They came with a spicy sauce on the side, but the wings were delicious without the sauce. I did takeout and my sauce was in a takeout container, but it was cold so I opted not to use it. I will definitely be back and I look forward to trying some of the other food too.I have eaten here 3 times already and eveytime I'm never disapointed the service to the food to the atmosphere on point I can't say that about  about other black owned resturaunt but Star Fusion is the best I would recommend place to anyone I wish I could give this place more than five stars.I am so glad I told my girlfriends about this place when they were in town for the holidays. I had past it several times but had never went in. The day we went we ordered wings..boneless and bone in. I had the garlic parm which were delicious and one of my friends had the green machine and they too were great. The sides were just as tasty and the portions were just right. I loved that the owner/chef Darlene I believe her name is came out, greeted us and asked how we enjoyed our food. She took a small video of my daughter saying how much she loved her wings and fries. I would definitely recommend Star Fusion and you can count on us coming again. Thank you!!THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE! This place a hidden gem. My cousin had been telling about this place for some time and I finally made and am so glad I did! I fell in love with the seafood fried rice(my favorite...to die for! The flavor was off the chain), the shrimp kimchi, the purple cabbage, the spinach fries and we also tried the chicken wings. Everything was DELICIOUS!!! The best part...they have take out!!! Yay! I can't wait to go back!!!I have been here several times and every time it's a splendid experience from the ambiance, music, service to the food. Despite me not having my food touch my mouth I can only assure you it will be delicious. 
The waitstaff are genuine and knowledgeable of the menu and will offer suggestions if you're uncertain. The owner is pleasant and has a sweet personality. She often comes out because yes she cooks her fusion designed meals. Nevertheless she'll come out and ensure your meal is superb. In addition the other cook, a gentleman will also come out to see how your meal taste which I appreciate because it demonstrates he takes the fusion craft seriously. The owner crafted these meals to be harmonious to your palette and trust me you won't be disappointed. She definitely put some thought into her ingredients. 
Come out and be impressed and pleasantly surprised trust your mouth and tummy will be happy happy happy!Really cute Spot! Loved the waffle ( chicken and waffle dish). I wasn't a fan of the mac and cheese and the greens but the wings were on point! I am definitely going back and would even consider renting their space for an event if that is something they offer.We just had a terrible experience here... We wanted to check it out on our lunch so we only had a hour or so we tried calling ahead before even leavin the office. We're right by channel 6 on city ave we called until we got on 63rd street somebody finally answered and immediately put us on hold. I asked what I the world is goin on there and the guy reapplied "what can I help you with??" I proceed to placing my order and of course they didn't even have what I drove all the way up here for had they answered the phone I would've known and could found something I'd like or went elsewhere... So my coworker still wanted to try this jerk salmon so we give him our order and he tells us it will be another 20 min wait so att his point I'm beyond annoyed with this place and I said this better be THE best food you've ever had. We finally get through all the traffic after 30 min and guess what? The food isn't ready!! We finally get the food and try it and it was horrible!! Not only did we waste our entire lunch to go there the food wasn't even good nor did they have what I wanted to order so now we're sitting at work hungry for the rest of the day as this platter sits here smelling up the officeThe food was excellent. The crab fried rice was delicious. The smoked collard greens and kale was a winner. Everyone in my party was completely satisfied with their meal. Service was great. And best of all, it's right in Overbrook. Will definitely be back.Bruhhhhh 
I throughly enjoyed my wife and I first trip out without our newborn. Very rare I can find a nice tucked away spot that is wheelchair accessible for me. 
I liked the vibe in there, it is a BYOB  as well. Soon as we got in greeted with similes and hellos. The waitress was attentive and quick. Someone was playing music through the speakers and I was in my element, even asked the owner to have them turn it up and they responded happily. The owner came around to our table twice to greet us.  The food was delicious, lol I won't lie I was caught off guard by the Indian wings...because they really had that Indian flair but overall two thumbs up. And I really love the wings/sides deal that they have going on! Will be coming back here with the wife to turn up and enjoy the vibe and food. We ordered the Peachy wings, Indian, cilantro lime, honey buffalo wings. Our sides were the Mac n cheese, sweet potato mash and truffle fries. ALL HOMERUNS!!I wasn't expecting wings with the chicken and waffles, but they were crispy and very delicious. The waffle itself was a little crunchier and less fluffy than I prefer. I had ordered the apple pie spring rolls and was disappointed to bite into one to discover that they had accidentally delivered the taco beef rolls! (Which tasted good but wasn't what I'd wanted, though if you like taco flavor, do order them.) But they corrected the order, and I can absolutely recommend the apple pie spring rolls, which come with a delicious caramel sauce. Customer service was above and beyond - I had originally been disappointed, but the chef went well out of her way to correct it. I will definitely be back.I was introduced to the chef/Owner of Star fusion before they had a physical building... The food was amazing then, when I would have to go pick it up and it is even better now. I've been to the Store at least 5 times and I always run up a high bill trying to sample different dishes. My favorite is the Stuffed Salmon with Crab meat... but EVERYTHING that I have tasted there is just delicious. I highly recommend you try them out.Got takeout here a while back. Looked nothing like the photos on Uber eat. Practically inedible.Wowoowowoowowoow the food is incredible! This is upscale soul food with a modern twist. The service is laid back and very welcoming. I highly recommend this place.Star Fusion is a hidden star that is easy to miss.  Don't let the unassuming store front fool you.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the restaurant looked inside.  I'm going to refer to it as the small restaurant with the big heart.  I came here last night to celebrate my birthday with my brother.  Our waitress, Tiffany, was very pleasant and sweet.  I started with the lump crab meat egg rolls which were delicious.  You get three small egg rolls with a dipping sauce.  My entree was the Bang Chicken and Shrimp.  This dish brings the heat!  Don't order if you cant' take spicy dishes.  I've had this dish in other restaurants where it wasn't as spicy.  The dish gets four, instead of five stars, due to the shrimp having the tails on.  I bit into a shrimp covered by sauce and wasn't expecting to bite into a tail.  Dishes with sauce should have the tails removed from the shrimp.  The other downfall of the dish, which is just a personal preference, is that the rice had green peas.  I did not expect the rice to have green peas and I hate green peas!   The strawberry lemonade is a delicious mix of tart and sweet.  The music played in the restaurant is very nice.  The highlight of my night came when I heard the music switch to Stevie Wonder's Happy Birthday.  I was surprised by the wonderful Tiffany bringing me out two banana and chocolate stuffed egg rolls with two candles while singing Happy Birthday.  I thought that was so sweet!  The other waitress ( with the faux locs  ;)  ) was also very nice.  Sorry, I didn't get her name.  I can't wait to come back to try their other dishes.  Best of luck to the new star in the neighborhood!!!I ordered delivery via UberEats , and my food was fresh and hot and it was very good.  The seafood Mac & cheese is the absolute best !Excellent food and service!!  I ordered bang shrimp with rice, greens and maple flavored mashed sweet potatoes.  I ate every drop and ended with applie pie egg rolls with homemade Carmel dipping sauce. The key to good food is the seasoning and everything was seasoned perfectly!! The shrimp had the right level of spice and dessert was made with fresh apples with the perfect level of sweetness.  Last but not less, the waitress was very pleasant and helpful. BYOB and enjoy a nice atmosphere of art and good music!!So after leaving the first review the owner did contact via Yelp. I still was very displeased.  As well as my boyfriend. 
We were very annoyed the entirre time. We went on an event night there.  Omg, the place was packed and music was very very loud! This place is small so if you're looking for something intimate this is not the place.
I appreciate the fact that the owner did talk to me the night of the event but I still can't believe how bad my food was once it came out. Everything was cold, I can't explain how displeasant my experience was here.
I do not not think I will be giving them another chance.I went to star fusion a few weeks back and let me just say I wish I would have found this place a whole lot sooner the food was delicious the ingredients were very fresh and will give your tastebuds a wake up! Can't wait to to go back!My first time occupying this restaurant. We ordered wings. I asked for lemon pepper wings and they were awful. No seasoning and my chicken was wet. I asked for them to be cooked well done and they looked as though they had been stewed. There was an abundance of what appeared to be parsley all over them and that's all I could taste. I ate 1-2 of them and threw the whole order in the trash. Never againMy most anticipated visit was everything I hoped it would be. When you walk in the quaint yet cunningly  decorated restaurant you're greeted with the most amazing aromas. The Spring Roll Bar has so many items to choose from! Every one of the rolls sound amazing but I settled on the crab rolls. They were delectable! I can't wait to try others. Next up, the Thai Salt & Pepper Calamari. Words can't describe how startling impressive this appetizer is! A must try. Last but definitely not least was an order of their signature wings. I chose to go with Indian spice with a side of truffle rosemary Parmesan fries. There aren't enough compliments to give this place. Certainly worth the drive from NJ, Northern Philadelphia or anywhere in the Delaware Valley hands down.I tasted the food before the restaurant was open and I got the salmon w/ crabmeat it was delicious! I had some yesterday the sauce and crabmeat is everything but the salmon wasn't seasoned enough , but other than that everything was good the green beans season well I loved it will come back for more but please season the salmon more ! Other than that I love it !! I will try to other food but  Im a big fish fan lolWent here today from the recommendation of s friend. Had the stuffed salmon and I was delicious. Staff was friendly and ambiance was cool. Will def go back againThe "Go To" Eatery in West Philadelphia! Their Food is truly Awesome,  I had the Seafood Fried Rice and the Grilled Chicken Caeser Salad with Their Signature Grilled Cheese Croutons. My Wife had Their Shrimp Spring Rolls and Their Crab Cake Platter, HEAVEN! We most definitely will be back, Great Food and Great Customer Service-a match made in Heaven!Love their sweet potato, and blackened fillet. Wasn't too happy with my last order, as they did not call me to let me know they ran out of asparagus. Instead they replaced the asparagus with more sweet potato.We went a few weeks ago to celebrate a bday, the food was full of flavor, unique, and nicely proportioned. The prices were great and the service was far above average. The owner/chef even came out to meet and greet us. I've been back several times for take out orders which some places will skimp on quality and detail on take out orders; they do not. Go today!Great intimate place to eat and have fun with friends... Wide variety of wings...  Darlene does a great catering job!I ordered thru grub hub and the delivery took 2 hrs!!! but they called twice to give me an update and was very nice. They also gave me a lot of extra food to make up for the wait! The food arrived hot and was excellent! Their great customer service and great food made up for the long wait! I will def be trying this place again.I really wanted to like this place. The reviews were largely positive and the atmosphere seems very warm.  I ordered take-out at approximately 7:45pm on a Saturday evening.  I was told the order of wings and two sides would take 20-25 minutes, so I left and came back 30 minutes later. Seems reasonable so far. However I sat in the restaurant waiting for another 20 minutes without any one even asking me why I was there.  I guess I should've let the person that took my order initially know I was back or not expected that any of the staff walking by would wonder what I was waiting for. The manager/owner did finally approach me and asked if I had ordered. Additionally she offered a complimentary beverage for the wait/misunderstanding.  The food was tasty and well packaged.  I will probably give them another try at some point for dine-in service to determine if this is an establishment I will patronize.Did not like what I ate here.  Very disappointed. I'm not one to give bad reviews, but I had to make an exception in this case. The food was bland. I had the chicken wings, Mac and cheese and yams. The wings were not appetizing, but they were seasoned pretty well. The Mac n cheese was way too bland.Food is really good. I had jerk wings and honey BBQ wings. The jerk is really spicy, so be ready. Few negatives as to why I didn't give 5 stars. The decor is ok but the clear chairs aren't comfortable and the lighting is a bit bright for a restaurant. Dim lighting would give a more comfortable ambience. The other issue was the waiters. I witnessed some of them arguing about who would take which table and they just seemed unorganized. They were young so a little training would go a long way.Sooooooooo good make you wanna slap yo momma!!! 
Picked up  a party tray of wings for me and my coworkers. I have never seen so many wings devoured so fast. Keep up the excellent work!Horrible experience. Patron beware. They served us food that was inedible. Cook had no clue what's in the processed sauce they use in the "bang" entrees. Food tasted like cheap processed food from the grocery store. The waitress was rude and lied about there not being a manager in duty. Turned out the manager was the sister of the owner (at least that's what she told us) and she was working that night. Owner's sister pulled a fast one on us acting like she was going to discount the inedible food but she really just removed a coupon but we still paid for the inedible food.The decor was great, the ppl were nice;however the food took almost an hr &a half and the place was NOT crowded at all ......Star Fusion was delicious!  Everything we ordered was just as tasty as the next! We ordered Appetizers, wings - bone in & boneless -as well as a Tasty selection of sides! The portions are great and the food was Excellent! Everyone of us- enjoyed our meal! The service and waitress was great too! Thanks to my girlfriend's recommendation...we had a wonderful, girls night dinner!!! WE WILL BE BACK!! JUST THINKING ABOUT IT. HAS ME CRAVING IT!! YUM.Food is great! Get there early because they have run out. Went for black restaurant week. I still want to go back and try the PB&J wings. But we ordered the salt and pepper wings which were really good too. Also ordered the shrimp spring rolls. Menu you is great they do take take or orders but order early and enjoy!Rating 2.5
Loved the decor and vibe but the food was unimpressive. 
Dined here with a gf on a Friday evening around 7pm. The place was completely empty other than one woman who was also a first time customer ordering take out. Very strange, we figured it would be packed on a Friday night. 
I ordered Honey BBQ wings, baked mac and cheese and mixed (collard and kale greens). I was unimpressed with the wings as they cooked very hard and a they were all different sizes. Some even had bones sticking out ,which leads me to believe they are purchasing a very cheap brand of wings. The baked mac and cheese was also unimpressive and clearly not "baked", it was merely several melted cheeses over some noddles, sprinkled with parmesan. No thanks 
The only part of my meal I enjoyed was the mixed greens. They were seasoned very well. 
I might give this place another shot but I'm not rushing back.Wasn't really expecting much on takeout. Ordered bang shrimp, 2 flavor wings and seafood fried rice. I am so highly impressed with the flavor and quality of their food. The garlic parm wings are insanely good! All this in my backyard! Thank you Darlene!I've eaten here twice so I'll sum up both. The first time was perhaps three months ago and the second time was tonight. The first time I dined in, the second time I took out. I had the kimchi fried rice and a crab cake the first time. The kimchi was super good! Amaaaaazing. The crab cake had good potential flavor wise, but it was slightly cold in the middle. The waiter also took a while to come back and check on how everything came out, which was odd because I was the only one there. He was in the back, maybe prepping? 
Tonight I tried the seafood fried rice. I was worried that there wouldn't be enough seafood. I was pleasantly surprised; a fair share of scallops, shrimp and crab meat. The rice itself was ok, but the scallops and shrimp were placed on top with too much old bay for my liking. I couldn't taste any other seasoning because the old bay was so powerful. It also seemed like maybe they just steamed the shrimp and scallops,  instead of a good sautée together with the rice. Overall I would not get the dish again. I will say the wait staff this time around was super friendly and helpful. I will come back again for the kimchi and maybe try the wings next time. As otherSaturday cheatmeal Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp w fried rice and string beans. The string beans were well cooked and seasoned.  Bang Bang sauce is spicy and with the right amount of kick to the crispy battered shrimp and chunks of boneless chicken. The sauce has the right combination of spicy and sweet.  The restaurant was featured on madamenoire site and part of Philly's blackrestaurantweek Jun 9-Jun 23.  Based on the review of friends, I'm glad I finally tried the food. I went in today and even though there was a party going on they were able to accomodate my take-out order.   OMG every bite was delicious! I was saving some for later; it did not happen. All set for my next visit.Undercooked shrimp bad customer service and a whole lot of money down the drain I've been cooking for 7+ years and I don't think I've ever had some food this bad I can't even imagine the heartburn ima have later but I would just avoid this place it's completely trash and a big waste of timeLoved this amazing, jazzy restaurant!  You have not had wings until you've eaten here!  The chef and servers all take tremendous pride in their original recipes which combine eclectic ingredients to tantalize your taste buds.  Home made iced tea and lemonade is amazing.  As is the cool jazz music.  Don't miss this restaurant.I had the Jerk Salmon with rice and broccoli. This was a fantastic meal! Nice atmosphere and friendly service. I can't wait to come back when I am in town again.I placed an order for a party platter 4 days before my event. I spoke directly with the owner who said it was ok to do so. Midway through the week there was a snag at the restaurant and my order was mixed up after a few conversations with the owner and screenshot of my original owner we were back on track. On the day of my event the owner reached out to me to confirm my pick up time. Unfortunately , none of the staff knew about this. I had to wait 1 hour for my food because they had to cook it.  The staff didn't know all that was included in my order so I had to tell them. When I got to the venue the bag they placed my order in fell apart and I lost part of my food in their poorly packaged system. I received no apologies. The food was good but it was supposed to feed 15 and it barely fed the 11 present. I will not be ordering large orders like this again. It is obviously too hard for them to manage. Especially with an absentee owner/leader.This place is such an unexpected surprise! Everything that we ordered was amazing and well worth every penny! Chef Larry is the real deal!!Need to improve service. Everybody food should be service together. Table by table. They was all over the place but the food was goodMy husband and I had dinner here tonight. Everything was good. We ordered the cheese steak spring rolls, shrimp Spring rolls, buffalo wings, crab and shrimp stuffed salmon with greens and fried rice. Apple pie spring rolls to take home. I will be going back.Horrible , had a party of 10 the hostess was not welcoming the Mac was very watery... the bang chicken and shrimp was very hard and over cooked ... the waiter Tyler was nice and very professional .. the young lady host was horrible and didn't care about dropping the customers food. I do not recommend and this was a embarrassing moment for my family and I. Salmon was dry and the the rice was so unseasoned and uncooked it tasted like it was boxed as well as the Mac and cheese.Well.... my boyfriend and I arrived at 7pm. We didn't get anything to eat until 8:40pm. We were told when we walked in that they were short staff which was unfortunate b/c it was black restaurant week.
After waiting we were disappointed in the food completely. I orders the seafood Mac and he ordered chicken wings (lemon pepper & some peach flavor)
This place has potential but they need to spruce up the ambiance and better train their staff in customer service.From the moment you walk in you feel like you're at grandma's house for a big family get together and you're glad you didn't eat all day because you know the food is going to be amazing.
Small and intimate yet spacious enough for a group of friends. The music went very well with the soul food inspired theme of the venue. 
Very nice decor and utilized the space very well to make you feel comfortable in a dress and heels or in jeans and a tee shirt.
The service was very warming. The waitress very sweet and knowledgeable about their menu; with time and more experience her master her craft even more so.
The food was phenomenal! Their signature wings feel off the bone, the meats done to perfection and very well seasoned, and the dessert was to die for.
As this place grows in business so will the opportunities to expand, but as for now every business has to start somewhere, and with food like that the limits are endless.
Highly recommended and the takeout option is a great one to have for those who rather enjoy great food and not have to dine in.My husband pass this restaurant on way to work every day and we thought it looked interesting. We decided to try it out before a concert at the Mann. It is fabulous !!! Interesting flavors, varied menu, reasonable person prices and wonderful staff. The waitress was delightful and the owner/Chef came out to talk to us and she was warm and concerned about our experience.  We had an assortment of appetizers, but the entrees which were being served looked delicious. The salt and pepper calamari was tremendous. Can't wait to to return .The food is great but the customer service sucks. I've been waiting an hour, and there are only 2 additional parties here, both of which came after me. The music is nice but too loud so we are yelling to speak to each other and we're sitting 2 feet apart. There is only one server so she is greeting and serving. Not a good look.I'm so happy I found another black owned business to support in Philly! It's crazy because I always drive down 63rd Street and never noticed Star Fusion, but I'm happy that we are now acquainted!
My friend and I dined at Star Fusion for Black Restaurant Week and were really pleased with the wide array of selections. The regular menu is quite impressive with countless options and numerous seafood options which is perfect for a pescaterian like me! I ordered the Fusion Bang Shrimp (with fried rice), which I think is inspired by Bonefish Grill's Bang Bang Shrimp, but let me tell you - Star Fusion's version tastes 10x better! I also enjoyed the creativity of the menu - I ordered the Fusion Caesar Salad to start and the grilled cheese croutons were so unique & cute!
I recommend arriving early & making a reservation because the restaurant started getting packed for dinner around 7pm (we beat the rush with a 6pm reservation). The staff was friendly and nice, especially the owner Darlene - she's a sweetheart! I know I'll definitely be returning and when I do I'll be sure to request the cute little table located in the window - it makes for a great touch, especially if you're dining for a special occasion!The food is great but the customer service sucks. I've been waiting an hour, and there are only 2 additional parties here, both of which came after me. The music is nice but too loud so we are yelling to speak to each other and we're sitting 2 feet apart. There is only one server so she is greeting and serving. Not a good look. 
I returned for take out, tho king this would be a better option since the customer service is poor and boom....they still screwed up my order. Additionally, what I once thought great tasted completely different. I
I really want to support but sheesh!My husband and I went during lunch on a Saturday. The place was small and not busy when we walked in. There was one other group of customers at the time. The service was extremely slow. There was only one waitress at the time,she was pleasant just very slow. As slow as the service was it seemed like she was waitress, cook and table busser all in one. We ordered the spring roll sampler, seafood mac and wings. The spring rolls were average at best. The seafood mac was a nice serving size, it didn't have crab as they were out of crab at the time. The seafood seasoning overpowered the dish as well. The Thai salt and pepper wings were good, they reminded me of the salt and pepper wings that I've only been able to find in San Diego, CAThe food is god awful. I spent $72 on wings, seafood mac n cheese and yams only for it to be pure garbage. Never again.Great food & great service! The Seafood Mac & Cheese and the Fusion Bang Chicken & Shrimp entrees were delicious. The Cheesesteak egg rolls were fantastic. Highly recommend Star Fusion!Whewww! Where do I begin!! Never again!! Star Fusion may be the most overhyped restaurant in Philadelphia. 1st we came in the door to no hostess, waitress or manager on the floor and we waited for at least 10 min. All while 2 waitress and I guess a female manger stayed behind a black curtain in the kitchen. Finally 10 min later one of waitresses did we want to sit in the cold window area we said no. We are seated at a dirty table waiting for menus for 5-10 min. The waitress that was waiting on us informed us they only had veggie rolls ( mo shrimp crab or cheesesteak egg rolls and kind you this a Saturday night. We decided to order their bang bang chicken and shrimp. Welp I think they need to change the name because there was to bang bang be excited about.  Out came a pile of jasmine rice/ bout 4 miniature shrimp that were not fresh burned up ( I could tell by the dryness of shrimp shell) and 4 miniature cubes of chicken the size of your thumb. Topped with a thick bang bang sauce tasting like mustard. We order a veggie roll which taste like oil soaked veggies. Now my question how can you serve dinners that have crab/shrimp and chicken yet you done have the rolls. Very very disappointed in this place. Service was slow. Nobody address our concerns even when we said food was not good. The waitress simply said "sorry bout that". Unbelievable!! $48 meal that was a level below your corner Chinese food takeout. Then to have to sit near front door that didn't close fully as gust of air burst into the restaurant where patrons still in the establishment had to get up and shut it. My recommendation is to stay away unless you want to waste ya money and still be hungry! There seems to be no manager/ no executive chef/ no organization here. I love to support minority black establishments, however I won't taper my expectations for a clean and good meal! Not a place where you'll be happy and full!!Was so excited for restaurant week and to support my black businesses. Unfortunately, I didn't even get to try the food. We had a reservations for 2 at 7:30. We were told to wait for about 5 minutes for tables to leave and for them to bus the table. Come 7:55 they still did not seat us. We left and took our money to another restaurant. They definitely need better customer service and the place needs a makeover.Not a good look. Me and my soon to be wife decided to take our family here to celebrate our engagement. Not a good idea. Service time to feed 13ppl took 2.5 hours. Communication is key, completely dropped the ball. I was embarrassed I left. Food was cold. Small groups great.l, large groups not a good luck. Then was told we have a large order of 80 wings which is reason for poor service. I hope this is not a sign of how my marriage will be.