Love this place!!  It's still the same when it was Old Country with the sweaty Greek coked up owner.  I remember him delivering pizzas in the blizzard of 1993.  Place still has the best wings around and the food has been consistent for 30 years. The hot garlic wing sauce is unreal.  Thank you for keeping it real all these years Stella.Ordered spicy garlic wings and an italian stromboli. The food was delicious and hot when It arrived. Looking forward to exploring the menuThe chicken fingers were my favorite! How when they got here for delivery. I usually order the turkey burgers but my daughter wanted to try something different! Hot, fast fresh delivery!!My "go to" delivery place in this area, food arrives quickly and is always hot when it arrives. They are available through Grubhub, my favorite is the chicken quesadilla. It's big enough to share with 2 people, and try the onion rings!I live in the far Northeast and Stella's is the most consistent pizza we get. Their wings are decent as well. Takes long to get to my house but I live a pretty good ways away. I see some bad reviews here and I understand some of them - I wouldn't order a salad from here but if you are looking for decent pizza at 10:30 on a Thursday night, give Stella's a call.I used to order from here fairly regularly but will not be doing so anymore.  As much as I like their food, the customer service is terrible.   Last weekend I ordered a Caesar salad.  I called to complain when just a box of lettuce arrived and they said they could credit me only for the missing dressing.  I explained that I had no dressing at the house and therefore couldn't use this container of romaine they delivered and they said dressing credit only.   The girl on the phone tried to be helpful as she kept putting me on hold to talk to her boss, but he had the final decision.  Paying for a salad and receiving plain, dry romaine in a container is absurd.   There are pizza places everywhere in Philly, so I will be ordering from places with good customer service from now on.They are not to high I normally pick up cause I'm not to far so not sure how the delivery is but I have ordered from here multiple times I have ordered there hot wings and their pizza and they have some of the best hot wings I ever had. Hot wings are One of my favorite foods and I'm usually not impressed there pizza was firm not soggy but I did order it to be that way overall good customer service also well they always quote me perfect timing I never had to wait .Pizza was good. Calzone was amazing. The chicken wings (boneless) were OK. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was because my family and I found out the hard way that their pizza gives you the shits. And I mean massive shits. We weren't sure what it was at first, so we sacrificed my brother and made him eat the leftover pizza the next day, and there it goes! He had the shits again. No problem with the calzone.Would be decent if the pizza was cooked WELL DONE.  How come pizza places refuse to do this no matter how many times we try?  Panini was delish.This place is always consistent my parents abs I would always do takeout there when we lived closed to this place. Their salads are great and their  pizza too. Their cheesesteaks and chicken parm sandwiches are always good.Very unique pizza place that you really wanna order from them everything made from scratch and daily fresh very tasty cheese steak. Panini and warps      Salads and cold sandwiches out of the world all the lunch meat cut to order.      Very good management and customers service too4 out of the last 5 times I've tried to order from here they take my order and say it'll be ready in 20 minutes then 15 minutes they call back and say they are out of one of the ingredients.  DONE WITH STELLAS!Very good food! I discovered them by chance and definitely above average. Thought their side down pizza was very good! Especially the crust! Also like their Gyros!!!!! A+Food is always decent. Never order on the app they take forever to deliver.The time hoagie was delicious. I like my tuna plain..no celery relish or onions and this was good. Pizza was just okFolks!!!!!!! Let  me tell you I am eating best pizza I have  had. The pizza so good!!!!., better then Pizza City  . I even called and spoke the manager and thanked him . I AM SUPER PICKY about food . OH! my god  I eating cheese/ sausage pizza and you would think I ORDERED extra but I did not . The sausage excellent excellent . GOD KNOWS!  I AM  IN  LOVE WITH  THIS PLACE .  I WILL BE ORDERING  from Stella's  in the very near future STELLA 's YOU ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BEST OF ALL I got great pizza and 2 Liter soda for $13.18, including delivery and I was able to order, pay on-line . Stella also delivery is quick, food hot and extemely good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let me know what you think : )I actually like Stellas pizza and although their prices have continued to go up with every new menu I've stuck with them. The last pizzeria I used to order from took 2hrs to deliver my food so I didn't accept it and moved on. When I found Stellas I really enjoyed their food but they have been getting worst and worst on delivery and dropped the ball with a 2hr delivery that was paid online. That was the only reason I didn't send the food back. I called 3 times to check on my food and they made it seem like itwas the driver. I have given them lots of money ordering at least 3 times a month or more and now will move on. If I was the owner I would have gave that food for free to make up for it but they don't care. Today was the last straw!We just had delivered a chef salad which was huge and wife said was very good and fresh. I had a cheese steak wrap with onions and peppers. The quality of the steak meat was very tender and the cheese was  melted into the meat perfectly with a side salad. Food arrived quick and hot. What more can I say it was very satisfying.Fast delivery, consistent quality, polite workers. Each time we call for a delivery, there's always a pleasant person answering the phone. My Dad loves their chicken finger platter, my Mom loves their tuna hoagie. We have yet to try their pizza, but we'll get there. Prices are decent, too. I did make a note to Yelp to correct the business info.Ordered a Taco pizza tonight and it came with no lettuce or tomatoes. Completely horrible! Only thing that was good was the Gyro and potato skins. I don' understand how simple reading can be and people cannot deliver positive results!I ordered an Italian Hoagie lunch special today and a piece of chocolate layer cake and it  was my first time ordering from them,and it was the best tasting and fullest hoagie and best dessert  I have ever had out of 4 other local places like this! I haven eaten anything else from here yet so I don't know how good their other foods are.
I have since ordered their pizza lunch special and the pizza is also very good.hugely disappointed
pretty much sucked.
Salad wilted.
maybe a day to two old, or over exposed to heat or left out too long
Cole slaw
maybe a day to two old, or over exposed to heat or left out too long
Might have been good if it wasnt hot
Driver was awesome and courteous - Bonus point here,  
Steaks were wet and greezy, not just greasy but greezy! Yuck.
Chicken tenders 
dramatically over cooked,  more like chicken pucks!
Onion rings were cooked okay, 
Broccoli bites
undercooked, cold middlesI absolutely love their pizza and salad. My family also ventures towards the sandwiches and love those too. The only thing I haven'y been a fan of is their pasta, which is why i gave 4 instead of 5. Definitely get their pizza!I had a salad from here and all I can say is amazzzzzzzzzzinnnngggggg. The delivery driver was awesome as well polite and warm I definitely will be ordering again and again.Hey STEELLAAAAA!!
Now that that's out of the way, Stella's is very good. Their pizza is my 2nd favorite and everything else is pretty good except for their gyros. The gyros aren't bad it's just they either put too much meat on them or not enough other stuff so all I could taste was the meat. Other than that, yeah, everything's good.
Their staff is always great and friendly and delivery is always on time. I've ordered from here maybe 20 times so far and have yet to have an issue. So yeah, Stella's is a solid place.They make the most amazing Stromboli's. It literally smells the house of butter, garlic and steak. Perfectly cooked, nice crisp on the outside.. piping hot delivered. My kids (who are very picky) all love it. Great experience so far with this place, and I've ordered multiple times.literally a joke in regards to service. the pizza took forever and my friends with salads were already done with their meals. fucking ridiculousI ordered a large pepperoni pizza with extra cheese . The pizza was so oily and did not have any taste. It tastelike hot cheese and oil. Very upset. Never ordering again.Excellent service and the food is great plus the quality of the food is outstanding Stellas Pizza is the best Pizza shop in the entire North East Philadelphia area!Holy F'n Crap!  The absolute worst goddam pizza in the NE. Really wanted to give a new place in the neighborhood a shot - bad idea. Was told 30 mins for pick up, showed up right on time. Was told 10 more mins till it was ready. AFTER THEY RANG ME UP (I know I should have just got my $$ back and left). At the 15 minute mark, I had to ask what was up before they brought it out. Ordered the "Toscani" jawn, looked liked someone's dog vomited all over it. There are literally 100s of better pizza places in the area. Don't waste your time and $$. If I could give 0 stars I would.I ordered a large pepperoni pizza with extra cheese . The pizza was so oily and did not have any taste. It tasted like hot cheese and oil. Very upset. Never ordering again.Stella's pizza is great. It's our favorite. We have never had a bad experience. I would definitely recommend it.This place has become kinda the "go to" when the managers provide lunch at work. They're pretty good with the delivery time, great with customer service as the order takers are always patient and respectful. 
This was one of those times where I wanted to get something different from the last time. Last time was the "Jumbo Shirmp Platter" which was pretty good and tasty. This time I went with the "Super Veggie Pizza" which was fresh and delicious.  Filled with broccoli, mushrooms, and onions . . Every bite was one of satisfaction
If you're looking to have a pizza night or just a random order out moment.  Be sure to give "Stella's " a try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!Go to place for years. The best quesadillas I've had in this city by far, even better than the Mexican spots down town and with more generous portions. Pizza is good too, but my favorite are the burger quesadillas.Good pizza and strombolis at a fair price.  I live  close and always pick up, so can't speak about delivery experience.  They are usually busy from what I can see which is a good thing.Texas quesadillas were AMAZING, like beyond belief. Food has always been good when we've gotten them, except once when my club sandwich was dry and barely had any fries, which is peculiar since they usually give you such a large amount of fries (which is awesome).Texas quesadillas were AMAZING, like beyond belief. Food has always been good when we've gotten them, except once when my club sandwich was dry and barely had any fries, which is peculiar since they usually give you such a large amount of fries (which is awesome).First time I ordered from them and so far, the pizza is really good. Glad I finally found a spot.Im high and i love pizza. This place is ok. Its not terrible and nothing to hit the 5 stars with.  Its more like 3.5 stars but i dont have that option. 
They do have basil unlike other pizza places. But it still doesnt taste any special.This is possibly the worst place to order from!!!! ******TAKE IT FROM ME*******. NEVER I mean NEVER order from this place!!!! They told me 30 minutes for delivery.......an hour and 20 minutes later the driver shows up with cold food.....I sent it back and called (either spoke with the owner or manager) who could care less......"would you like me to make it again"?   NO!!!! I'm not waiting another hour and 20 for your delivery driver to show up!!!!  NEVER EVER EVER EVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE!Great restaurant. Always on time, courteous and food is always good. They display safety with their delivery driver who is always wearing a mask and gloves.. and you aren't allowed in the store when picking up. Keep up the good work Stellas!Now I was told that this is the way they "all look", that it's not burnt, so I couldn't believe it until I hit him with some cold hard facts that I pumped thousands of Stromboli's out of there when it was old country pizza...... Could've heard a pin drop at that point even the delivery drivers came out and agreed with me,and not once did I ever send a Stromboli out like that. At that point I guess the owner changed his attitude and realized I know what I was talking about as he swore it wasn't burnt you can see clear as day in the picture after he realized I knew what I was talking about etc. he decided to give me two slices of cheesecake which was nice, they were very good... But to have it delivered it would've been anywhere from an hour to two hour wait so I said that's fine I'll pick it up so they were going to call us when it was ready well an hour and a half later we called and it still wasn't made, so after waiting all this time I had to wait another 45 minutes for a Stromboli that should only take 20 minutes tops in those ovens on 450% PLUS,  So after all of that it turned into a whopping 4 HOUR ordeal... when I got home with the second Stromboli I checked it before I left and it was perfect!!! They were that busy and shortstaffed I wish they would've told me and I just want to call Johns Pizza I get it these places are already making great money due to this COVID-19 calm but when you got a wait that long that's a problem especially when you wait that long and then it's wrongWell how to start? I've ordered food here a few times. And it's the same story every time sadly. I normally get a small pizza with wings and a 2liter soda. Nothing special or crazy. They get the order right. And it normally comes out good. But here's my biggest complaint. I live about 10 min away. It takes them over an hour to deliver to me. And I normally order on like a Wednesday after noon. One time I ordered on a Monday at 11:30. Didn't get my food until close to 1! And it was cold!!!! Every time I order my food comes luke warm. Which kinda blows. Tells me it's been sitting waiting for the driver.Food is good, delivery fast But BETTER HAVE EXACT AMOUNT OF $$$$$$$$$$, do not give change back. If its $9,20,  & you had given them a $10.00.. do not expect 80 cents back, they want that on top of my $2.00 tip, If ya add up all the years & deliveries They owe me 10 FREE pizza:s !!!!!! Just  miserable even walking in to order a slice & as much as I am there, would not let me go a LOUZY QUARTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! COME ON!!!!!!!We order from Stellas all the time but lately every time we get the order its wrong or something is forgotten. They dont forget to charge me though. Tonight my whole order was wrong and something forgotten. They repeat the order back to you on the phone so dont understand how its not right. Im not gonna call and complain about a few bucks but Ill find a new place. Because its every time now.Standard pizza place. Took an hour and a half to get my food delivered but it was pouring so a little understanding on that. Pizzas are always good. Italian Hoagie was average. My issue is with the appetizer I ordered. Fried ravioli was advertised as 10 pieces but that's not what was in my order.Xlarge pizza with xcheese and xsauce was terrible... Dough was so thick and chewy couldn't eat it... Cheese was dry and powdery and didn't taste like real cheese, sauce was not good, paid for extra sauce which I didn't get...  Pizza with tax delivery and tip totaled $19.00, such a waste of money, will not order from Stella's again....I get the upside down pizza, sooo good. Staff is super nice from taking my order to delivery.Ordered a chicken parm pizza, It was really good. I will order more things from the menu.Delivery took an 120 min. Food arrived ice cold. Pizza tasted like something you'd get from chucky cheese. The steak had barely any meat but did come with a cold blob of cheese wiz. The French fries were also cold and soggy. To be fair the can of Soda was good. First and last order from this dump!I ordered wings and fries from here today. They have great cheese steaks as well and deliver fairly quickly. One thing to note, this is not like a gourmet pizza spot! They have good crust or dough and make good calzones, pizza, wings and cheesesteaks. I don't think I've ever had a complaint but this is like your average neighborhood pizza joint and it's pretty inexpensive though much more when you order on here. I wish you could order slices instead of always a full pie, but otherwise they typically don't disappoint. When my wings came, they were piping hot and so tasty. They also aren't overly sized or seemingly pumped with hormones like other places! Yummy!Love their pizza. The cheesesteaks are delish and their specials are great!!  They are always busy especially with delivery. I usually pick it up and the girls at the counter are always pleasant.6:10 - Ordered placed, 
6:17 - Received call from them at  to tell me that they didn't have the dressing I ordered, 6:20 - Received another call to tell me that they didn't have the onion rings that were supposed to come with my order. Order canceled. 
6:22 - Receive a call back at  to tell us that they will substitute our onion rings with mozzarella stick.  
6:51 - Received another call to tell us our food would be late because they had to remake it. 
7:30 - Received cold food, your service is PRICELESS, thank you for the experience.This is my very 1st Yelp review but I feel it necessary. Being my mother is elderly, prior to ordering, she specifically asked whether safety precautions were taken into account at Stella's. She was told gloves and masks were always used and that the delivery driver would be wearing same. Although she was wearing protection, I am horrified to say neither was worn by the driver. After asking the driver about such, he did retrieve his safety gear from his vehicle. Upon calling to speak with the manager, "Moe" this evening, we were told they don't have enough masks and gloves to allow for such and that her only recourse was to get 20% off her order, which was $6.00! I called back and spoke with Moe personally and asked him to review his policies or else Yelp would be my recourse. I was told this was the store's policy, he would not alter from such and essentially too bad, take the 20% discount!! Don't order right now!! That's a huge risk to be taking, especially if you are paying for it!! I'm pretty sure every other place is actually taking the necessary precautions. And if shortage of gloves and masks is the issue, close your doors!Ordered a pepperoni pizza came hot and ready under an hour. Stella doesn't disappoint sadly I ordered from a different place and the food wasn't to my husband likings. Had to order out again and this time it was Stella.