This is your quintessential Jewish deli.  Everything is great from the corned beef to the garlic turkey and everything in between.  You want fresh cut lox this is the place to go.  Steve,  Lee and their staff are the best.I feel like every person should have a good Jewish Deli in their arsenal of eateries for a rainy day. Steve Stein's is great and my family regularly comes here on weekends. It can get crazy, because you know all the old ladies are giving the server a hard time, and taking up space for too long in contrast to those of us who just want to eat and leave. I normally get a sandwich, corned beef or roast beef and they come with a bag of chips and a drink. Sometimes they have samples from the bakery that are amazing (we can some sort of sticky raisin bun the other day and it was better than my already good sandwich).The prices are the best around and the food is even better I can say enough joe much I love it here. The produce is always fresh. The fresh fish counter has a great selection and I love coming here and indulging in the Jewish delicaciesThe food is great! I love it here!!!!!!! The sliced buffalo chicken is so good. The homemade liver knishes are just about the best I've ever had. The fresh produce is great which has a great selection of fruits and vegatablesFamous has reopened a block away from its old location on Krewstown Road. The fish selection is the best in Philly and you would be hard pressed to find better until you reached North Jersey. Try the classic whitefish salad. Steve Stein has been behind a deli counter longer than most of us have been alive. He knows there is more than one way to cut fish and if you tellhim what you want you'll get it.I was in there yesterday with my elderly mother. The woman behind the deli counter asked my mother what she wanted and she asked for fatty corn beef.  The deli worker asked my mother how much she wanted and my mother asked to see it.  The woman's response was something on the lines of "you didn't say that or ask for that" which is reasonable but she had an attitude when she asked it.  These people work with seniors all day long and they sometimes don't hear well or make themselves clear.  The place wasn't busy and she should have been more respectful.  I was ready to jump in if she had talked to my mother again in that tone.I am a regular here and a long time family friend. Steve takes great pride in his house made deli meats and it shows in things like the cornbeef. His baker Stephon makes a killer cinnamon roll. The restaurant area usually has fast friendly service and their great hoagies are the unexpected star of the menu. If you're in the neighborhood and looking for an alternative to the big chain grocery stores or want something to eat besides wawa this is the place to stop. And as always if you have any questions or concerns don't be afraid to say something, it's a family run business and they take great pride in that.I go to Steve Steins Deli sometimes with my father.   
I think it's pretty clean and always a quick, easy meal. 
The food is nothing special but if you are looking to go in and out quickly it's the ideal place to go. 
They also have cold cuts you can bring home to the family.  They have fruits too.  It's like a mini supermarket.  
The pasta salad is pretty good!  And you can always count on Browns cherry soda /cream soda and root beer!Visited here 3 times after the move. While it's not the greatest deli in the world, true, it's not bad at all. The corned beef and pastrami are especially noteworthy. Counter folks are nice, and the salads and fish -- at least what I've tried, are very good. The stuff here seems to be a lot fresher than the other well-known deli up on Bustleton Ave. It could be a bit -- just a bit -- cleaner. 
Is it as good as Carnegie in NYC? (BTW, Mike, you obviously haven't been to Katz's in a while. It's garbage now) Of course not. What is? That's, frankly, a pretty foolish comparison. Carnegie is the benchmark. But if you feel like Deli, you can drive to Grant Ave instead of Manhattan. Or even Center City.On the recommendation of a coworker I tried Steve Stein's Famous deli while working up In the great northeast. Walking inside I find this deli is huge, reminding me more of mini supermarket. But I was there to get lunch, so after looking over their large menu I chose the Italian hoagie. It wasn't all that, It came on a seeded roll which was fresh, the could have been a little more generous with the meat. All though it was tasty, it was more roll than anything. But this was my first time here and will try some of their other items on the menu and maybe I'll find out what they are famous for.This place is a Northeast Philly staple! Over the years the location has moved several times and each time it gets better and better.
I LOVE coming here for weekend brunch. It is mostly a take out deli but the most recent location has a small restaurant in the right corner. The fish platters for 2 are delicious, filling and reasonably priced for quality fish and stuff. I enjoy their soups (a cup of mushroom barely alone is SUPER filling and like a $1.50, you cant beat that!) The location is convenient with a nice amount of parking. Staff is nice and helpful.I have gone here off and on for years to buy corned beef to make corned beef special sandwiches and their homestyle roasted turkey breast and sometimes fruit,and bakery items and they are all very good.Their lox is very good too.I went here for my daughter's birthday party.  I got a hoagie tray and it came with all the salads, pickles, condiments for a good price!  Everything was delicious.  Will definitely come back!I called from Seattle to ask if they delivered. YES! I ordered all of my favorites and had them delivered as a surprise to family. For the price of a good FTD floral delivery, I sent 4# assorted cold cuts, large rye bread, 2 salads, and a potato knish. They were so helpful; it made my Chanukah gift so memorable. Thank you.Great value for a catering platter! For 9 bucks a person I received a well composed platter with corned beef, roast beef, turkey and two cheeses. It came with rye bread and challah rolls, pickles, olives, ample cole slaw and potato salad and condiments.  I ordered for 12 and could have easily fed 18 people well.  I had enjoyed their corned beef years ago and ordered by phone after searching on the web. I will definitely order platters again (I'm not in the neighborhood to be a casual diner).$8.32 for a turkey sandwich that was average. Two ladies with attitudes greeted me at the counter, almost seemed mad I was there. Never again, wawa or station pizza for my next sandwich!!I love this deli! First of all, prices are so reasonable not like delis in fancy neighborhoods. The kippered salmon is so moist and tasty and the belly nova is to die for!! Bagels are good  and the desserts including cookies, pies, and  cinnamon buns are AMAZING!!! It was sooo busy here when i went in on a sunday and it was worth the wait!!!The fish is good however they have dirty black ketchup filled in Heinz bottle. So dirty. MAKE SURE TO BRING YOUR OWN KETCHUP.Extremely tasty Nova Lox bagel sandwich. I like the house Made turkey breast. Prices are very reasonable.Nice and clean store and Cafe. Got a Bagel with cream cheese and lox. It was fresh and delicious. While I was here also grabbed some white fish and roast beef which was great. A nice alternative to the other delis in the area!If you're not 60+ yrs old & Jewish I would never come here.  You will be treated like a 2nd class citizen.  Employees are rude and lazy.  Place is filthy.  In 10 years when all the "regulars" are deceased this place will go under guarantee by the way they treat non-regular customers.  Btw I've been here maybe half dozen times in the last year and my experience has been the same - HORRIBLE!  See ya never again Steins..In all fairness, I have never been a fan of this place. 
All I can say is that the food is all right and the veggies are priced pretty well. I have never been a fan of back-talking employees, and I see that about half the time I have been there. Maybe it is because these employees have known the customers for years. But I do not find most of the staff to be what I call friendly, from the bottom to the top.
They recently moved and this place is much better than the dump they were in before. However, with the wide selection of delis in the area, (every supermarket even has a deli), Famous is going to have to do something to keep customers. Most of their older customer base is dying off, some of their kids shop there, but the older customer's grandkids (I do not mean little kids, I mean people in their 20s-40s) are not flocking to the store.
I give this place five years tops if they don't change their ways.Where do I even start? I entered the deli today to order my usual which is whitefish salad and something on the side. The guy behind the deli counter seemed bothered by me asking him to wait a second while I decided what else I wanted. He rolled his eyes at me and stared at me making me feel awkward. I could tell I was wasting his precious time.... so, I tried to be polite and rushed through to decide what I was going to choose. I then realized the weight of the white fish was not what I intended to get and forgot that it was the 2 pound size instead. I ordered accidentally probably..because I was being rushed. I got the one pound instead.So..I inquired him about that and said I made a mistake. His reply was, as he shook his head at me, "that's a ONE pound size," I said, ok can I get two pounds instead. He then insisted that i would need to get another one pound combined with my one pound then it would equal two, but said it sarcastically as I'm some kind of idiot and didn't know how to do math. I jeered at him.. and then I just decided to ignore the ignoramus and made my way up to the register. The blonde at the front register that wasn't even helping me, decided to not mind her business and listen to the conversation I was having with the other man that was helping me on the other side of the register table. I made a comment about being a little rushed and stressed out today, when she looks over at me, then at him and scoffs at me like it was funny.. I decided to ask the jerk what her issue was and asked the man what's going on with the hiring methods here. Apparently, they couldn't careless how they treated me. I didn't even get an apology from the register girl. And you know what I don't need one! Food is alright but with that kind of service I rather never return.4 for the food 1 for the "Waitress".  Waited at counter to order, when my turn came was told rudely, it's waitress service sit down.  Few minutes later same girl came over took order.  No eye contact.  I asked if the pastrami was hot cause the menu didn't say so.  She said if you order that way.  Detected a little attitude when she said that.  Like why don't I know her menu.   Got served.  At one point waitress literally went to every other table and asked how they were doing.  Sat 15 minutes waiting for my check being ignored every time the waitress went by.  She was complaining about how busy she was.  I finally noticed a lady get up from table to pay and she didn't have a check either, so apparently the waitress service stopped once your food was put out.  I mentioned to the other person that it would have been nice to know that I didn't need to wait for the check and she ignored my comment.  The pastrami was good but I expect better service and communication with the people serving, so I won't be back.I am giving a one star review not based on any food i had there so please dont confuse it with anything edible, i havent had the pleasure in trying anything here yet. It is solely on how i was treated the second i walked in. Granted i just came in maybe 5 or 10 minutes before they were closing and it is christmas day, but the second i came in i could hear most the employees huffing and puffing because they were upset people kept coming in. I asked one of the employees where the bathroom was and they pointed me in the direction, so as i walked to the back a employee rudely stopped me and said "the restaurant is closed and the deli is closed, where are you trying to go?" I told her the bathroom. So i went in the bathroom and had seconds thoughts about even using it because it was so disgusting. When i came back out to grab a loaf of bread and a snack i overheard another employee who was mopping saying out loud 
"Come the f**k on people go the hell home." . Then when i walked by the cashier to go grab a snack she was tapping her fingers on the register huffing and puffing out loud clearly irritated that i wasnt checking out when she wanted me to. So i finally grab my snack (and mind you i have only been in the store a total of MAYBE 3 or 4 minutes) and take it to the cashier to check out and she looks absolutely miserable and doesn't even greet me, not even a smile. So i take my stuff and go and again not even a "have a nice day, happy holidays, or even a goodbye".
Very dissapointed in service like that from MULTIPLE employees.If you love to nosh on Jewish deli meats, Steve Stein's delivers. The nova lox, belly lox, Romanian pastrami, and corned beef are all delicious--easily rivaling anything you'll find in the United States (outside of New York, of course). The pastrami is pleasantly fatty and well-seasoned; when gently heated, it melts in your mouth, a rare sign of basturma greatness. The lox is optimally salted and thin-sliced by hand to order. (I wish I'd ordered some sable). Also, given the quality of the meats, the prices are very reasonable, especially if you're accustomed to paying Houston Street or 80th Street prices.
The only downside: the bagels are just okay. Maybe I came on an off-Sunday, but the sesame, garlic, and plain bagels were all average. The crust was a bit too soft, and the texture wasn't ideal. (A friend of mine who grew up in Boro Park, Brooklyn, in the 1950s wasn't impressed, either.)
Still, Steve Stein's is easily a 5-star deli in my book. As a DC resident, it's the best Jewish deli I've found to date within a three-hour driving radius.It's definitely difficult to identify this place because they moved recently and I think there's another business in the area with a similar name. 
This review is for the deli that opened up a little while ago in Grant Plaza.
As far as the restaurant is concerned, I really liked this place. It's simple and cheap and the food is good. I had a baked salmon and whitefish salad platter and it was delicious and the portion size was good. Usually when you order a plate like this at other places you get 30% more food, but you pay twice the price. And it's not like you don't get enough food, but you will certainly not be stuffing yourself either. 
As far as the deli, it is awesome and huge! Tons of different meats which are priced fair and it looks minimally processed and made fresh there. The turkey and corned beef are especially good. They also have a lot of salads, like whitefish salad and tuna salad. They have an area where you can select fresh produce and grocery items. They also have a delicious bakery. I had a bunch of cookies - they were super fresh and tasty. There is a day old bakery items cart, I would definitely check that out for the desserts, but not for the bagels. Those bagels were as hard as rocks.
But yeah, for sure looking to coming back.This is a favorite breakfast and lunch spot in northeast Philadelphia. They allow you to order breakfast at lunchtime I just had delicious pancakes sausage and coffee for under $5.50.lox and onion omelet  $8.00 with choice of beverage. Extremely friendly staff in the restarant. Open 8am til 3pm. Every day. They are attached to a good Jewish deli with extremely reasonable prices and home made baked goods.I went in 15 minutes to closing.  I realize maybe this isn't ideal, but they were still open.  My experience - I get in and the floors are being mopped.  AROUND MY PERSON.  As I walk up and down the food cases, they mop up my shoeprints.  Way to make someone feel welcome.  
The guy behind the deli counter who helped me was very nice and helpful.  For him - I keep my rating at three stars instead of 1 or no stars.  
So I go pick out bread / rolls.  I find some by the bakery section where there is a miserable teenager just leaning on the counter as another customer is trying to get her attention and failing.  So sad.  As my deli order is being completed I see the miserable bakery girl again, this time with her arms full of many loaves of bread.  I go to take one since I'd prefer that over the rolls.  She said I can't have those, and I have to take one that has no price tag.  She gets me one.  The loaf that was sold to me was $2 more than what her arms were full with.  Perhaps I got the fresher loaf, but what happened to first in, first out?  I didn't need the fresher bread, though I guess I appreciate it, though do not like paying $2 more unnecessarily.  Meanwhile she is shouting out to other miserable co-workers, "Can't we just close!!"  I am sure there are other people who would be grateful for her job.  
Then I get rung up.  Another miserable person.  This girl at least wasn't rude like the bakery girl.  She just turned her back to me completely once I was done being rung up.  
I would probably go back, considering the food here is very fresh.  I was once the miserable teenager working that kind of job, so I get it.  But I would never make someone feel that un-welcome in a store.  Smile once in a while, people!  I eventually left, it's not like I was staying the night!  Unacceptable.THE last remaining Jewish deli in the NE! So sad! If you need your fix and don't feel like trekking up to Ben & Irv's in Warmister or down to the city to hit up 4th Street Famous (no relation to this Famous), this is your place! 
While I have dined-in which is nothing to write home about in my opinion as it's really just half of the space sectioned off, take out is usually what I come here for....nova lox and whitefish salad for my parents, matzoh balls, knishes and kasha for the kiddos, corned-beef and kosher salami for hubs. They are super picky and all love all of these items I mentioned so I feel safe recommending them. 
The food is good, fresh and I feel more reasonably priced than most Jewish delis around. 
They have other grocery items like fresh produce, and accompaniments to your deli counter purchases making it an easy one stop shop for a quick meal if you don't feel like schlepping to the market. 
Check out the day old bread section! It's never stale and half the price! Oh, and the bagel chips!! Yum! 
The staff, both stocking the shelves and behind the counter are super friendly and knowledgeable. 
Located in the back of the Grant Plaza shopping center, parking is obviously easy. 
Oh, and fellow Jewish kids, don't miss the Joy chocolate jelly candy bars and little individually wrapped sesame candies you may remember form your Bubbie's house growing up!I was up for the day from DC, and got the corned beef sandwich with thousand island and slaw. Wow!!! It was amazing, this place is a real deal Jewish deli, run by real deal deli people.  They make all their own meats, and the taste is as good as it gets. If you have not been, you have to eat here!!Just had the best chicken pot pie I've eaten in a loooong time. The crust was light and the chicken pieces were big and plentiful.    Everything about it was excellent.   If you like chicken pot pie you'll love this.Prices more then reasonable.
Restaurant staff colorful 
Decor horrid the vibration from the bread slicer shook the condiments on the table.
Being served on styrofoam- oh no.
Stand out hand sliced lox 
Disappointed white fish salad 50% mayo.This is a throwback to an earlier time when deli reigned and the owners cared about the food they served. My friend and I split a platter for breakfast. Lox, cream cheese, whitefish salad, bagels and coffee. Enough food for three or even four people. Total cost $14:99! And it was all delicious. They also have a huge appetizer section with every manner of delectable provisions.I've tried this place a handful of times - a few of them I walked away because I had missed the 3PM mark (some by a minute, but they still wouldn't serve me a hot sandwich from the restaurant)...
I really want to like this place more.  BUT I lived a block away from Greenblatt's in LA and Steve Stein's hot sandwiches don't compare, nor does it compare to Katz in NYC either (they slice their meat just cooked right in front of you and give you free tastings which is pretty awesome), or Langers...  I heard there's a great place in the Italian Market called Hershel's so I will have to try that.
Steve Stein's is a mini grocery store with deli meat, various salads (chicken, tuna, egg, pasta) behind the deli, fruits and veggies (though not organic), a bakery (their Jewish Apple cake is pretty good and so is their Danish-says my mama), fresh bagels, breads etc.  
It also has a restaurant...BUT (big one for me), it STOPS SERVING HOT SANDWICHES AT 3.  They have so many people working behind the deli and as cashiers, but they can't throw one person back there to make a hot sandwich after 3? Seems odd.  So, the most liked picture on Yelp for this place is my corned beef special sandwich - which was COLD - and it wasn't even that great; I don't believe pastrami or corned beef should be cold sandwiches.  
Also, they people who work there aren't the friendliest.  Maybe they've been there for a while, don't like special orders, or it's a Philly thing, but they don't seem to want to work if you want something special (I wanted a half corned beef/half pastrami sandwich and they acted like it was a big deal).  
And, they only have rice pudding sporadically, when they feel like making it :/
They do have day old bagels and breads for half price, which is pretty cool.  And a bunch of nuts and candies packaged.  
I will try it again, for their Rachel - since I crave that Greenblatts #5 combo sandwich, which is half corned beef, half pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw and Russian dressing.  When I tried to order that here, they told me to get the corned beef special, which had cold bread and no cheese.  I'll try again...but Ben and Irv's on County Line Rd. had a MUCH better hot corned beef/pastrami sandwich, with bread toasted and is about the same distance from mi casa.  
Also, see my pics of the restaurant menu on Yelp since they don't seem to have that online.From New Hope to Bucks County, to Huntington Valley, Yardley, to Jenkintown, Willow Grove, Lansdale, The Main Line, to Center City, South Jersey to Delaware, if you want delicious and delightful, look no further than the best around, Steve Stein's Famous Deli. Stein's Famous Deli has been in business for over 50 years. Not to age myself, I've been a customer for over 40! Why? When anyone has been a customer of any business for at least several years, and they haven't stayed because they're complacent or there aren't options that are much better (think about Cable or Mobile Phone Companies), the business must be doing something to make that customer loyal. If a business is so good, that customers want to recommend it to others, the company has created a "brand advocate". How does a business succeed for generations? They create, maintain, and build upon their "brand equity".
Many people in life are myopic. In the business world, at almost every company, they cut corners, and/or they aren't consistent, and/or they don't know how to problem-solve effectively, and/or their customer service is a nightmare experience. In business school, when you have to study economics, you often find out that you can succeed by charging a lot of customers prices with lower profit margins l, or charging fewer customers higher prices Stein's has chosen the reason price route to success. I'm going to spare you the Yiddish, because regardless of where you come from, what gender you identify with, if you practice a religion, or what race you are- there's one thing people can enjoy blindly or with little to no hearing- that's FOOD.  When it comes to the deli business, Steven Stein has his Doctorate, PHD, and more. Why? Because you consistently get fresh and delicious deli at prices that are the most reasonable WITHOUT SACRIFICING QUALITY. 
Stein is a class act. The reason: I've probably said to him 20 times, "Steve, I've eaten at most of the best deli's in the United States. I can honestly tell you that from Delaware to South Jersey to at least Northeastern Pennsylvania, there's NOT a deli around that gives their customers fantastic quality, overall, at reasonable prices like you get at your deli." Every time, his response is something to the tone of, "I have nothing bad to say about any of my competitors, They're all great."
To be objective, ALL DELIS ARE NOT GREAT. Steve Stein's Famous Deli is EXCELLENT. Steve and his son, Lee, run a fine tuned business. They don't sacrifice quality at the expense of affordable mouth-watering fresh deli. Many delis import smoked fish from the same company. Yet, the discrepancy in price can be upwards of 50% extra. Where can you go and, usually, buy FRESHLY SLICED Lox (Nova, Nova Belly, Regular) or Moist Fresh Kippered Salmon at UNDER $20 A POUND? Where can you get FRESHLY PREPARED Corned Beef or Pastrami BETWEEN $11-$16 PER POUND. From store-made blintzes, latkes, and chopped liver that taste like your bubbe made it, a trip to Stein's is nothing short of devine!Sadly, the last true Jewish deli in the NE.  All that I've sampled from this place- matzoh ball soup, pastrami, corned beef, whitefish salad, bagels and potato knishes have been totally top-notch.  Be like me and go for a nice lunch (casual and uber friendly waitress!) and then get some other goodies to being home for dinner!Whatever you do don't get their sliced turkey breast! Not sure where they get it from but I couldn't even peel slices to make a sandwich. The slices were all stuck together and came apart in clumps. Foul smell and taste. I thought I was going to have to go to ER after eating it. Needless to say, I'll never go there again. There are much better delis in the areaBest rye bread in Philly! Always fresh and perfectly baked. Bagels are also perfect. We travel all the way from lancaster just for their bread and freeze it so we can enjoy it until our next trip!
I've been going here since I lived around the corner as a kid and my favorite memory was getting a free butter cookie with sprinkles at the counter. I didn't see those cookies on my last trip so I hope they didn't do away with them!Shopping carts are about 30 years old. Carts and hand baskets are never cleaned.  Banana/honey loaf was hard as cement, had to throw it out.Will not buy watermelon here again.  Outer rind of melon covered
with black dirt.Take out clerk was rude and obnoxious with his demeanor and tone. We were disappointed with a soggy Reuben sandwich with very little turkey, and "forced" to purchase two fish  platters when clearly ordered a fish platter for two - not two platters.Love their breakfasts on Sunday mornings!  The food is delicious!  We also buy their soups, corned beef, knishes and many other dishes and they are all so very good!  Best jewish apple loaf cake anywhere!
The owners are so welcoming and as I said we love their food!If there was a zero rating, I'd have used it after our experience today! 
A waitress at Steve Steins Famous Deli, got our order wrong so we sent it back..... and then she cursed out my husband using not only the "f-word" multiple times but called him the "N-word"... now anyone that knows me including the workers cutting the fish, know That I only eat belly kipper salmon... I don't give a rats ass if it's $2 more, it's what we both ordered,  and btw last time I looked at my husband he was a "nice white mensch"she went all gangster on him jumping,pointing and cursing his face that customers jaws were dropped and walked out before evensitting down.. I told Lee and he of course, went over to speak with her while the rest of the staff tried to hold her back! Not even fired for making a scene with a mouth loud as she was using language that would make a marine blush! Next time we go to Ben and Irvs...sorry Steve that's not an employee worth keeping...too bad my camera was in my bag because I'd have posted her all over social media, they should be happy that I didn't call the police! UnacceptableI am not happy with Famous at all!. I have been going here since I was a kid.  This place is going down hill. The prices are no longer reasonable and I got ripped off!  The guy behind the counter was not nice and he overcharged me on 2 items.  Just warning you to make sure you know how much you should be paying when you order from the deli counter or you will most likely pay more than you should. I will not go back.This is my favorite place for whitefish salad, pasta, fruit and a variety of other things. They have so much behind the deli its hard to choose and id like to try their chicken soup next visit.Best.brisket.ever. So much flavor and so tender. It was like butter. Great home made turkey also. If you go here to get your deli needs net, you won't be disappointed.I haven't been to famous deli on grant Avenue in years.  I normally go up to Ben and Irv's.  This year I decided to break the fast I would see what famous had and I am so glad that I did. The nova was outstanding sliced perfectly the kipper Salmon was super moist. The white fish salad wasn't the real mayo mushy type. I also decided to get some corned beef and brisket which both were perfect. The only complaint I have is on the potato salad. The potatoes were whole whoever made it never sliced the potatoes good. All in all I would say this place is a winner for deli and fish.This spot is delicious, the food is always delicious. However, today I ordered two bacon egg and cheese on a bagel and neither of them had bacon.. how could you forget to add bacon??? I ordered through Uber eats.The last of the real Delis.   Good fresh and dependable.  The best stand by food source for lunch, brunch, and breakfast.  Eat in or takeout.Thank God Stein's is still here! There is nowhere else to get real Jewish deli food anywhere outside of Center City. Worth the drive to the Northeast.My favorite place for one stop shopping for Lox, salmon, bagels, and veggies. 
The place is deli and restaurant. They have a wide assortment of lunchmeat and kosher items. 
The restaurant is small but nice, you can order a quick sandwich and sit down to enjoy it. 
This will be my deli for my bagels and lox!!Usually on point but today there were extra flies and slow service. Taking a break from there for a while. The flies just turned me off.So disappointing to go into a Jewish style deli and the Nova lox, priced like it's gold, is pre sliced and sitting in wax paper.  Lox should be sliced fresh, by the order, or don't call yourself a deli.
I got attitude from the deli woman when I inquired about the pre sliced lox.  The greasy wax paper didn't look fresh. It's unwrapped, in our fridge for Sunday breakfast, we'll see what it looks like and how it's sliced and post my opinion. I can get presliced lox at the supermarket. I've been a customer forever and I won't accept potentially old product again.
Post meal, the lox was great but I still prefer freshly sliced, best natural munster cheese and the kippered salmon is always moist and delicious.  Updated review from 1 to 4 stars.The only and best real deli in the area now.  The service and selection is good.
If there are specialities you cannot find, just ask and they may have it in the back.
Everything is made on sight and fresh.  I don't get to go there that often, but when I do, it's a treat.I was in there the other day in the morning. The women who cuts deli meats acts like she is doing you a favor waiting on you.  No thank you , just what else.  This isn't the first time, she is the rudest individual I have come in contact with in a long time.  Then the cashier was just as bad, complaining about having to work during these times and that she would be fired if she didn't come in.  Good food AWFUL staff.  Probably not going back.My parents live in the area and I was looking to get food delivered to them during this virus outbreak as they are both in the "at risk" category. I called famous and the manager Lee was extremely helpful and professional. I ended up ordering a nice variety of produce, fish, and deli meats. I called around 10am and the order was delivered around noon the same day. My parents absolutely love the lox & bagels, brisket, and corned beef and I'm planning to do another order soon. Thanks for making this such a pleasant experience (for me AND my parents) during this difficult time!CHECK YOUR RECEIPT 
Rye bread and carved turkey breast pretty good. Owner refused to sell me coleslaw without so much dripping liquid so I would not buy it.  Really? Then as a lovely bonus was charged twice for my turkey. Cashier blamed me for standing in the wrong direction or something.I called to order lunch, they seemed to not be really sure how to take the order .  The roast beef sandwich was bland, the potato pancakes were greasy and the Matzoh ball soup was a great chicken soup , but the matzoh balls were totally bland. It was expensive for NOT the meal I was expectingThis deli is a classic in the NE area of Philly; the lunch meats are great,my fav is the corned beef. The lox is great and sliced to your needs. They always have fresh fruits and veggies and a bakery. The amazing part is the prices are the lowest of any deli I have ever tried. Thanks Steve Stein!My mouth waters when I think about Famous. My family has been going there probably since the beginning. Whenever I know people are going to be near the deli I ask them if they would pick something up for me. 
My favorites are the whitefish salad, chopped liver, chopped herring, the seafood salad and their Ryebread; not to mention their meats. It's so good to have real turkey breast and not that slimy stuff you get in a supermarket. Their produce is on par with or cheaper than most supermarkets and good quality. 
Steve and Lee are doing a great job and provide a great service to the community. I'm looking forward to picking up my order on Wednesday for Yom Kippur. Thank youThe food is above average. It is, however, very expensive. We've actually not eaten here (had to go somewhere else when originally planning on eating at Stein's) more times than we actually have because they close the restaurant portion so early. The staff is usually friendly. The one person that stands out was a woman who waited on us at the deli counter recently. She was so rude to my fiancé and I that I don't think I'll go back to Stein's. I'll drive the extra distance and go to Ben and Irv's.Happened to be in the Northeast so stopped here for a bit of nostalgia.  My father shopped here all the time. Ordered pastrami and some other items. Got home and took out the pastrami and it was disgusting. 90% fat, stringy and inedible. I cannot believe the guy who cut it thought that was ok to sell for  $14 a pound. Now, maybe I got the part where the thick layer of fat Is but to send a customer home with that is insane. I wouldn't even let my dog try it!  I will never ever return to this establishment.FORMER EMPLOYEE*
I worked at Fox chase cancer center fOr 11 years and resigned due to the family moving. To make a long story short, the move was delayed and I was in need of a job while I was still in Philadelphia. 
My sister in law is a well loved cashier there and she gave me an application, and I applied. I wasn't expecting to be hired, as I didn't have any experience in the food industry or retail.  They hired me for the Bakery.
Adjusting to a more scattered schedule, I found that the hours were performance based and I eventually ended up getting a decent amount of hours, yet I was able to have a sufficient amount of time at home with my kids. So I did enjoy the work - life balance.
I'm in Florida now, and I honestly miss it there at Steins.Wow. What a waste of time and money. Nova and salty lox were sour with a bad smell. When they have nova and/or lox on sale it seems like they pre-slice and store elsewhere (not in the refrigerated case). As soon as I tasted the salty lox, I knew it was sour. Turned my stomach and ruined my breakfast. My parents tried their nova and discovered the same thing. Our pieces of kippered salmon were full of giant bones. Yes, I know bones are normal with kippered salmon, but this was insane. Our family has been shopping there since the 80's. I feel as though the quality has been going downhill. It'll stay in business because of it being the only Jewish deli in the area. We'll be going to Bell's Market moving forward. It does pain me to write this review...but the pain isn't as severe as the pains in my stomach.We were disappointed with a fish platter we received from Steven Stein's deli a few months back for break the fast. Lee Stein was nice enough to make this up to us by making us a delicious fish platter that we thoroughly enjoyed. We will definitely patronize this place again.Best corn beef in the area! I suggest getting take out or coming here to the deli for fresh fish and meats of all kind. The place could use an update visually but they have fresh delicious options including fresh baked breads and sweets. Before going to grocery and paying too price go here first!There he was. The famous Steve Stein came out from behind the long refrigerated display counter to greet me and apologize for having his staff request my photo ID and vaccination card before allowing me to enter the dining room to have breakfast. 
I didn't mind. This was a new legal requirement for entry enforced by the City of Philadelphia by a fine of $2,000. Actually, I had no issue with the public safety needed to protect from Omicrom, but also saw how it could become rather draconian, while also damaging businesses forced to have customers move through a checkpoint in order to be served. It reminded me of military checkpoints I had to endure while traveling in the Middle East, but without guns and uniforms (at least for now?). Still, far from a pleasant prospect, and one I hoped wouldn't be necessary for long. 
The facility is a classic Kosher style Jewish deli/restaurant, with 75% dedicated to smoked meat, fish, and a large variety of salads, knishes, bakery and many premade meals. There was also a large green grocery with beautiful veggies stacked high. 
I ordered the Fried Matzo with extra Sautéed Onions mixed in. It arrived at my table the size of a large dinner plate. While not as crisp as my mother cooked in smaller patties, it was hot, steaming and delicious. A good shake of black pepper upped the spice level to where I liked it, along with the enhanced onion flavor requested at a $.50 up charge. I would certainly get that again. 
I also brought home a few Onion Bagels (semi-dense and excellent when toasted), and a couple of Potato Knishes for later consumption. They were traditional and very similar to my childhood memories - light wrap that baked well and held their contents to the end. Loved them. 
Not sure how often I'll go out to eat with these Covid regulations in place. They make the risk of exposure impossible to ignore. 
We are, indeed, living in difficult and memorable times.
PS. The complimentary slice of Apple Cake was very good and greatly appreciated.Famous was a staple to me growing up. I was even a bagel girl there for my first job. I'll never really understand what makes some tomatoes special and some extra special worthy of charging more. They do offer fantastic jewish deli foods. The corn-beef is the best. Their whitefish salad and scallion cream cheese are my favorites. The knishes are fresh and lately I've been happy with their prepared foods as well. Most of the people that go here are locals who have gone forever and followed them to this location. If good jewish deli food is what you seek here is exactly where you want to go.I love Famous. It will always be a stop when I'm in the old neighborhood. I needed raisins for my kugal and you dint care them, thats my only complaint.
Came home and had the best toasted sesame bagel, cream cheese and chives, whitefish salad, thick tomato slice, and a circle of purple onion. Perfection!Steve Stein talks the talk and the Jewish Cheesesteak walks the walk.  I love me some pastrami.  The seeded light and airing roll was fantabulous.  The pastrami was sliced thin and very edible and tasty.  The melted cheese and russian dressing made for a phenomenal finish to this amazing sandwich.  $9.99 and it came with french fries.  Nice little seating area, bathroom and day-old baked goods rack stocked with Danish and bagels, what more do you need?  I had a nice little chat with the man sitting next to me.  For the 14 year old in me there was a sign on the door that said 'we have tongue.'  Very good overall experience.Because they have homemade lunch meats that are pretty tasty - my favs are corned beef and roast beef.What do you do when you get married during Corona virus time, with most of your guests,  including the officiant on Zoom?
Order from Steve Steins Deli, of course. We only had seven people, total, at the house, so I got cold cuts. potato salad, cole slaw,, kugel and some rye bread, challah and some bakery treats.
They went over great.
I'm also hooked on their chunky whitefish salad-- to die for.This is a neighborhood hidden gem. They have a sit down restaurant and everything they have if delicious! Also the bakery and the Meats! I recommend coming here for pieces of fish, deli goods and fresh produce. This is a must :)Normally I am very pleased with the deli items there. However-I went in on Saturday November 13--and ordered a pound and a half of the
garlic roast beef. It was near closing time and most of the food in the case
was covered up--so I didn't look at the piece of beef they were cutting for me.
I wish I had looked!!!!!!!!!! When I got home-and unwrapped the roast beef-I was shocked-----the slices they gave me were the nastiest looking-
brown-dried-out garlic roast beef with loads of fat layered thru each piece.
I don't think they could have gotten away with giving that to their
"regular" customers. 
This really annoyed me as I felt I was taken advantage of and given
the deli meat that no one else wanted and that the deli wanted to
get rid of. 
If you're shopping there-always make sure you look at the meat they
are cutting for you.