Super good food and presentation of it is beautiful too. I liked the atmosphere, it was super clean and sleek. It was a little overpriced for me, probably twice as much as other pho places I've been to but it's pretty worth it if you wanna spend the extra couple dollars. the food and ingredients they use definitely seem fresh and unique. Personally I didn't find the pho broth salty at all however I'm not really into chicken so maybe they could add a beef option. 
Also their desserts are seasonal but I advise to try and order some of their desserts! I had the pineapple with coconut cream, amazing!!I came here with a group of friends and although it was pretty good, I'm not sure it was for me or my favorite. Probably a great place if you have a vegan palate because there are a ton of vegan options. My boyfriend and I shared the bahn mi and the chicken khao poon, both were good but didn't blow me away. It was fairly priced and a cute space, BYO.BEST butter cake and pound cake around!!!  Hands down...Great local establishment that takes pride in what they do...always great customer service around, always  and everything is yummy there so enjoy!!Just tried this place for the first time and was absolutely blown away. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. Service was fast and very friendly. It's tiny but it wasn't crowded when we went. Will definitely be back!Once we found this place (our fault) we were sure glad we made it. It's small and a little off the beaten path for those, like us who live in the burbs.  Be sure you get to EAST Girard, rather than west Girard because you won't find it otherwise! haha. I'm taking a star off since they don't appear to have a phone and it would have been nice if we could have called. I the  beef pho and Ms D had the mushroom pho.  Both were delightful and plenty of food for us.  We also split the papaya salad and it was quite a treat as well. It's rare for me not to be able to finish a meal, but my pho was more than enough for me. Seasoned very well.  I didn't particularly care for my Thai ice tea, but probably me as much as anything else.  I was expecting simple tea rather than tea with powdered milk.  A little sweet for me, but live and learn.  Get there early as there are only half a dozen tables and a counter for a few more folks.  As we were leaving at 6:30 on Friday a line was forming outside the door.  We'll be back and i can't wait.Surprising gem! Went for dinner on a Friday, small place, the wait was long but way worth it. Had papaya salad for app and the Tai Peanut noodles with chicken and still crave them! Will probably do take out or delivery next time, but there will be a next time. FYI it's BYOB too!Lots of noodles and not much else. For a small menu and high prices ($9 for pho is outrageous), you'd expect higher quality. My husband's pho barely had any meat and my mushroom only featured a mushroom broth and tofu. With all the authentically Vietnamese pho options in Philly, I don't know what Stock hopes to offer besides a bowl of soupy monotony.  The owners claim to have eaten pho but then crank out this stuff???  Unbelievable. 
We also ordered the "green" mango salad. First of all, it wasn't green mango but definitely a riper yellow mango. This alters the whole dish and changes the texture so that the salad becomes a mushy mess. Second, the dressing tasted like fish oil concentrate and lacked spice or depth. 
I don't get it. There's better and cheaper pho all over Philly so I'm not sure what the rage is all about.  If you wanna eat fake hipster Vietnamese and spend a lot of money, I guess this is a good spot for that.It thought I'd have to say good bye to pho when I went vegan, but this place is amazing and hits the spot. 
My regular go to dishes are: 
Gin Thoke- a zesty delicious salad with lots of crunch and texture!
The tofu banh mi is so good I don't even miss meat sandwiches. 
Khao Poon is so creamy, savory with a hint of sweet deliciousness, with just enough heat.
The Burmese cold noodles bring a lot of savory heat for a cold dish. It's become my hot weather favorite!Stock has the best chicken pho in the city. It's not traditional but the quality of the chicken is the best I've had. Also the broth is very flavorful . The only downside is if you eat there a lot as I do the broth can be inconsistent.Awesome BYO! They have a great menu of Vietnamese and Thai inspired foods. The Pho is  bit different than traditional Pho I have had at other restaurants but still amazing. The restaurant is small, they have tables for two, a counter, and one or two tables for 4. The service was great and the food was even better. If you like spicy, I recommend the papaya salad!This place is small but they were able to accommodate for our party of 6.5
We shared the papaya salad and bahn mi sandwiches and those were the highlights for me.  If i were to go back, that's prob what I'd order for my meal.  
The pho was good too but different.  The broth wasn't your typical pho broth which isn't necessarily a bad thing. They did give a lot of meat.
service was goodI have been to Vietnamese restaurants all around the world, from San Francisco to London, Miami to New York and most of the Pho places on the other side of town in Philadelphia... As for Stock, this is by far the best experience I have had at any of them.
The Pho is way better than The Slanted Door in San Fran which is supposed
to be among the best in the world. The green mango salad is something I crave, which only gets satisfied by Stock's rendition of the dish. My mouth is seriously watering just thinking about it. When I'm in town I always make a point to stop by.
The dishes are very reasonably priced, we've ordered the whole menu every time we've been, and made it out for super cheap. The love put into the dishes reflects the chef's interest in keeping the original Saigon flare, offering the volume restaurant style speed of service but superior, fine dining precision on the raw dishes of beef and fish.
I actually started my yelp profile here to speak highly of the restaurant, because my experience has been amazing every time, and that's 4 times since the restaurant opened just several months ago.
The service was great, love the simplicity of the decor and it's so refreshing to see a non-ethnic cook behind the dishes.
The only complaint is that I had a short wait the last two times, but luckily, the neighborhood (Fishtown) has a few bars and other spots to check out, Johnny Brenda's and some Steven Starr locations around the corner.
I'll be back for sure!!!' Just waiting for them to open up locations in Miami and New
York... Please hurry!!Love this place! Some of the best soups I've ever had. Fresh, flavorful and filling. For those Vegetarian soup lovers, this is your spot! Nothing like a cold winter night warmed up by a delicious soup from Stock. 
Menu is very simple and offers only couple things to chose from: 2 soups, 1-2 salads and a sandwich. This place is about quality, not quantity. They offer two soup sizes. I always opt out for the bigger one. There's something comforting about big bowl of soup LOL And nothing like leftovers the next day that still taste great.Went here last night. I was surprised to see all Americans working there and no Vietnamese people. The pho was amazing though and I've had pho before from a traditonal Vietnamese place and this was ever better! Menu is simple. Place is small, but very clean! They cook in front of you. They have great appetizers. If you're super hungry, but the pho itself is filling. We took home 2 doggybags. I recommend this place if you are with 1 other person, but if you are in a big group, I recommend getting takeout because the whole entire restaurant seats about 30 people.Stock has been on my list for a while. I love Pho and as a former NoLibs resident, I love the neighborhood. As to be expected, Parking was scarce--take Uber. The space is small; I think I counted seating for about 20 people including the bar space. The menu is short. Banh Mi, rice dishes, and hot/cold noodle soups. What the menu lacked in diversity (only chicken pho?!), they made up for in quality! Originally dismayed by the menu and the lack of hot soup (???!!!!), I asked my bar neighbor which dish he had. He had the Good Deal noodle bowl and confirmed that it was spicy. I like spicy, I like noodles, and I enjoy chicken. Sold! The dish was BEAUTIFUL--a picture is attached--and everything was spicy and delicious. I coughed more than once when taking on too much broth and that's a good thing. As hungry as I was, the one bowl was very filling. My only downside was that the one flavored tea that was available was flavorless colored water to my palate (I guess that's why it's a BYO). Also, of the three staffers I saw, only one was of Asian descent so if that's a sensitivity to you, this isn't the spot for you.This place is horrible! Especially when the idiot chef came out with an online video of "how to eat pho"! He has no idea what he is doing and it shows in the food!Everything was fresh, crisp, & delicious.  Bold flavors without making you feel weighed down, and most of all- not greasy.  Small menu, but everything I had was awesome
-green mango salad: bursting with spicy, tangy flavors
-beef pho: meat was very tender, melted in your mouth.  
-golden papaya with thai basil and palm sugar: simple & refreshing
I love that they went jalapeño over hot sauce and a slice of lime over lemon for the pho.  The basil and mint were also very fresh and it honestly made a big difference compared to other pho places.  Even in the summer I was able to enjoy soup, so that's a winner in my book.  I love this place and I will be back.
** This place only has 1, 4 person table- so when you go make sure you just bring 1 pal to avoid unnecessary wait times.My friend and I first found out about this intriguing new, hard-to-search-on-Yelp (due to its name) pho place on Uwishunu, and decided to check it out. They don't accept reservations and have no phone number, so we decided to show up exactly at 5:30 when it opens for dinner to be guaranteed a spot in this 18-seat cafe.
The place was clean, new, and trendy, with subdued greys/teals. We sat in one of the few tables by the wall. The tables were tiny -- any smaller and my elbows would have jabbed a passer-by, but they also have seats at the bar which looked slightly roomier.
We started with the hamachi, which was tastily seasoned and just the right amount of spicy. The green papaya salad was fresh and seasoned with peanuts and fried onions, although I wish it was more strongly flavored. The beef pho followed the same trend -- quality broth, but with subdued and subtle flavors that I wish were a bit stronger. Adding a dash of hoisin and sriracha gave it bit more kick, but it is definitely made in a different style than traditional Vietnamese pho. The beef is top quality.
We ended with coconut chia seed pudding -- an interesting invention that was refreshing and not-too-sweet.
Overall, an interesting and subtle new interpretation of Vietnamese in a quiet ambiance. Diners used to traditional Vietnamese cooking will perhaps find the flavors slightly subdued.
The service here is outstanding -- I left my umbrella under the table by accident, and one of the servers (who didn't wait our table) chased us a few blocks down Girard to give it back!For two people, this place is great! I've been here twice, once with a group of four and once with just one other person. When we went with four people we had never been before and walked in and it was very clear to us that this was a small establishment. There was only one spot for four people to sit in the entire place so the wait took a bit but the staff was very kind about it and when we were seated the chef brought us two free plates which was very nice. 
When I came back the second time, a bit wiser about the size of the restaurant so only with one other person we were seated immediately. Again the food was great. We ordered the mushroom curry, and sesame noodles, both delicious. Would definitely recommend this place to a couple, but wouldn't advise for anyone more than two.Bon Appétit on point... This place is AMAZING! Customer service is 100% the place is so clean and the food is on point. Coming back... its a definite!Hello! I am so delighted to have made your acquaintance, Stock. I suspect we are going to be really close friends. No pressure.  
I love both the tofu banh mi and the mushroom pho. Both are huge portions, reasonably priced, and so full of flavor I often make that weird satisfied mmmm noise when I eat them. I have that awful recessive gene in which I don't taste cilantro like other people, to me it just tastes like soap. I guess it's like natures way of telling me that I have a potty mouth. The people at Stock are super nice and when requested, they nix the cilantro for people with my affliction. I've experienced both eat-in and take-out and the service and speed of food were both swift, and kind. 
As for the people complaining about price, the regular soup is enough for me, too much for me, and the banh mi is HUGE and stuffed with tasty goodness. I'm so thrilled to have Stock in the neighborhood, and to be able to experience pho!Some of the best dang Pho I've had in Philly. And I've been to Washington Ave - this place is better in my opinion (albeit a bit pricier)!
It's smallish, my group of 4 sat at the counter, which was kind of cool because we could see our food being prepared. However, if we had gone during a busier hour we probably would not have gotten seats or the wait would have been long which is less than ideal, esp in Pho weather. 
I got the Chicken Pho and they were even kind enough to put up with my obnoxious request of less noodles, more broth (I love the broth what can I say). It was so so heavenly with unique spices and flavors, not just salt and hot sauce like some places try to get away with.
NOM. Can't wait to go back, if only Fishtown wasn't so farI must say that I was thoroughly impressed! I have traveled in SE Asia and spent three weeks in Vietnam. We have tried a bunch of Vietnamese restaurants in Philly searching for a taste of what we experienced in Vietnam, only to leave disappointed. Not here. We finally found it!
The food was excellent and delicious, which is an understatement. We tried almost everything on the menu. The cobia was one of the best dishes I have had in Philadelphia. The combination of flavors is amazing. The mango salad had the perfect amount of spice/heat and it was perfect for a hot summer day. Then we had the two kinds of pho - beef and mushroom. We loved both of them. I also commented on how the tofu is the best in the city. I took home a good portion as leftovers and had it the next day and it was delicious. Best Pho in the city. 
We sat at the counter and were able to watch the chefs in action. The restaurant is spotless. They are meticulous about how they prepare the food and you can tell that it is done with care. 
The staff was attentive and friendly. I brought a bottle of white wine and they kept it on ice and refilled my glass for me. In a casual setting, the food and service was that of a five star restaurant. Amazing deal.Order Khao Poom and a thai iced tea for pickup on a Thursday night. Order was ready quickly and was packed nicely. The Khao Poom was solid and was a huge portion size. The thai iced tea, however, was extremely disappointing...for $4 I received about an 8oz pour. The tea was good, but this was the smallest portion of thai tea that I've ever received (and I've had it at many other restaurants in the city). This was a bummer, but otherwise the food was good. 
Conclusion: good food albeit a bit overpriced. Didn't eat-in, but the restaurant space itself looked quaint and is a BYOB!Got take out last night and it was delicious. Very short wait. I got the beef pho and spring rolls. Might pass on the spring rolls next time but the Pho is the real deal.This place has gotten a lot of bad publicity but I figured why not give it a shot since we were in the mood for some Pho on a cold Sunday night. Considering that this place is called "Stock" one would figure that their soup based items would be their staples, if not their flag ship choices. My girlfriend and I ordered Thai Pho (okay first off wth) and chicken pho. The chicken was really tender and great, and noodles were drawn properly so it wasn't all mushy, and our glass of water was consistently refilled (great service by out waitress while we were seated at the bar), and that's about it. 
The complexity of the chicken-based pho was equivalent to that of a can of chicken broth. We were convinced they must have used the spices into the fan, because it sure smelled like pho, but didn't taste like pho. I had to ask for some fish sauce just to give it some flavor. The "Thai Pho" was the same soup based with some sour flavoring (tamarind?) added and spices, it was slightly better.
My girlfriend is Vietnamese so has definitely tried her fair share and grew up with this soup every Saturday. Also, no beef pho? We wanted to give it a chance, but I prefer a spot on Washington Ave any day. If you're going for authentic, this is not it. If you're going for good fusion, this is not it.Really enjoy taking out via UberEats or grubhub. Never dined in only because I work a lot and depend on good food to make it through lunch and dinner. Ordered chicken pho and Thai salad. Both really awesome!Out riding are bikes up in fish town and we stopped by on Saturday.  We were there first customers. Started with the cobia which was perfect. Next up the salad with just enough heat. Excellent. Being Saturday I ordered the pork and my wife ordered the chicken Bahn mi sandwiches. Home run. Finished up with the pineapple dessert and it was fantastic.  You will enjoy your meal.I've wanted to try this place for a long time since I absolutely LOVE pho and I've heard their chicken pho is really phenomenal and I finally got the chance to try it. 
First off, price wise definitely a big mark - up compared to Washington Ave, but I certainly don't mind paying more for quality or taste. I'm not sure if this is a Ubereats extra charge, but if you order here it makes you choose " extra noodles + 2 dollars or +2.50 ( or some charge around there) for extra chicken) there's no choice for neither... which made it about $14-15 without tip for the delivery ( without the extra ubereats charge, just purely food). That gets you TWO bowls of pho at Washington Ave to put it in perspective.
Overall, I was quite a bit underwhelmed. I found the soup broth to be a bit too oily, I even had some leftovers, which had that huge film of oil/fat that freezes over on the top (and this has not happened with my leftovers from Washington). The soup has some nice spices though, you can definitely tell the chef puts a lot of love into it with the balancing of the spices, so this is totally a personal preference but there was a little bit too much star anise for me. However, I will say that their chicken is VERY GOOD -- extremely tender some of the best quality chicken I've had in chicken pho, even compared to my favorite Washington Ave spots. 
My dream would to be combine their chicken at Stock with the broth at Washington ave. 
Overall it wasn't my cup of tea (or bowl of pho.. har har har) , but it may be for someone! Since I wasn't in love with the broth, I'm unable to justify the price versus the other spots I frequent.I love coming hereFood and service are always top notch. I live nearby so its great I can walk and its BYO
I just realized that I've only ever ate Chicken Pho all the times I've been here and its always delicious. 
My wife and various friends I've came with have pretty much been through the menu and everything has always been great and super fresh. 
If you like this style of cooking then I highly recommend you check it out.I've only been eating Pho for about two years or so and I'd heard that this place was great but  was never interested since they did not have beef Pho, which is all I'd ever had and had come to love. Last night my squeeze and I ordered and WHOA, have we been missing out! I had the chicken and he had the mushroom. The broth in each of them was stupendous! The mushroom broth had a taste similar to clove and the chicken tasted like a traditional pho broth  and had layers of flavor that went straight to my pho lovin heart. This will be my new go to pho spot.Best Banh Mi in philly. Have it with the crispy tofu! Very  gratifying experience . Great attitude of the servers and staff. Small and cozy place.Very quaint restaurant. Stopped in for lunch while U was in the city for work. The restaurant is very small but we sat at the bar and enjoyed watching our food being prepared. The server was friendly and offered some recommendations since it was my first time there. I had the Spicy Peanut Noodles. The dish had the right amount of heat where I could taste it but wasn't sweating after! The pho looked good and I want to come back to try it next time.Ordered the tofu bahn mis as take out a couple weeks ago. They were good, but honestly pricey compared to other places. Realistically won't be back, since they're pretty far from us, but if we lived in Fishtown we'd go back.On weekend afternoons they serve a Bahn Mi. By far the best quality of ingredients I have had in a Philly Bahn Mi. We will be back!i usually like hipster food but hipster pho is gross - should have listened to my instincts but i had recently had white ramen that i actually liked (i'm usually not into fusion food) so i thought i'd try hipster pho.
when you walk in you can tell instantly that it doesn't smell like regular pho - it smells really shroomy.  The broth in the beef pho is kind of bland and really salty at the same time.  the beef pieces in the pho (which is the one thing i thought would probably be better quality than the usually cheaper authentic places) was pretty tough and the flank was fatty (but not a melt in your mouth kind of fatty), the tofu bahn mi was really salty but the french roll it was on was very good.
Also - the vietnamese iced coffee had like cardamom in it - they should tell you that on the menu as I would have gotten another drink instead.Love this place! Love the wonderful ppl that work here and the amazing food they make. 
I've been to many pho places and Stock is one of my faves here in Philadelphia.
Love their salads! 
Tofu pho is bomb!!Picked this place for our first trip to Fishtown. The place smells amazing ? From their broth. I ordered the "good deal" pho which comes with chicken in spicy broth. Amazing, hot, filling. I only could finish half and the rest Tasted just as great the next day. The banh mi with sausage was big enough for 4 of us to share as an appetizer. Wasn't too bready and perfectly toasted. I do agree w some that the broth is a bit on the salty side compared other places but it's so so flavorful with other spices in it.... not a place for big parties but definitely coming back w mom to try their other pho. Also good to know that they don't use MSG.Considering the neighborhood, this hip little asian fusion joint fits in perfectly here.
I came in on a weekend for a meal at the bar with a few friends. I went with the chicken Khao Poon, which doesn't seem to be on the regular menu. It's a sweet and spicy coconut based Camobdian soup with what seems to be pho noodles. The soup was actually quite delicious with peanuts, cilantro, bean sprouts, and i think basil. 
The chicken is free range and was cooked perfectly. All the meal assembly is done out in the open and you can see them prepare everything before you. The chicken is pre cooked and just added to the soup stock with the noodles. 
I definitely would recommend this. I'm not sure about the authenticity of it, but as far as noodles go, this was good.Since moving into the area Stock has been one of the places high on my list to try. We finally made it over there on a cold Friday night and weren't disappointed. The space is quite small but they make efficient use of it and if you want to make sure that you won't have to wait for a seat go early. We went at around 6 pm and were able to sit right down at a table for 2. The menu is exceedingly simple but there is nothing wrong with that. We ordered the hamachi crudo and the winter melon salad, both were excellent and the winter melon salad was actually quite large. For pho we both just went with the large beef pho. It was quite good, the broth was very good and had almost floral notes to it that really added to the flavor and the beef cuts were excellent. This is not going to be like Pho Ha or Pho 75 out on Washington Ave but it's most certainly a nice addition to the pho line up in Philly. We will be back when they change the menu up a bit.I love coming hereFood and service are always top notch. I live nearby so its great I can walk and its BYO
I just realized that I've only ever ate Chicken Pho all the times I've been here and its always delicious. 
My wife and various friends I've came with have pretty much been through the menu and everything has always been great and super fresh. 
If you like this style of cooking then I highly recommend you check it out.  
Still love coming to Stock. Everything is alway super fresh and tasty with great service.This tiny hole in the wall BYOB is completely focused on the food.  Mostly counter seating and a couple of tables.  
I've tried the tofu banh mi, which was pretty good, if not entirely what I would think of as a traditional banh mi.  I think it was pickled ginger piled on top of the sandwich, which I've never seen before... but I'm no expert.  It wasn't bad, but not my favorite.  However, and more importantly, the sandwich did have good bread and the tofu worked well flavored to the sandwich. 
The missus ordered the khao poon.  It's a soup with curried coconut milk, chilies, noodles, veggies, and a bunch more.  This was very good.  Lots of flavor packing into this bowl.
I ordered the chicken pho.  The broth was good, and hit the spot on a cold evening.  While chicken isn't the type of pho that I'd typically order, this one wasn't bad.  I felt like the broth was missing something, but again chicken pho isn't what I typically order, or maybe I've just used to a different broth.  
The bowls of soup are huge, and I was stuffed when we left.One of my favorite restaurants. We come here usually once a week. Service is great and food is just as good. You might have to wait for a table if you're party is more than 2 but it's worth it!I never get to eat Pho because it is always beef based, finally a rich mushroom broth option. Stock was a wonderful way for us to end a great weekend in Philadelphia. Next time we visit we will dine at Stock again. The food and service were fantastic!Great, Great BYOB in Fishtown!!
We have eaten here 4 times now and will continue to come back.  
Place is small, although they maybe opening some tables to the back.  Menu is limited, but each entry is great.  
To me the best part is the cleanness and freshness of the Pho broth!
There maybe other Pho restaurants in Philly but known with bettter broth!Best banh mi.. best pho.. best everything. Freshest ingredients and thoughtful composition. I eat one tofu banh mi a week. It's top notch and I would recommend it to anyone. Thank you Stock for existing!I've heard great things about this place but was never able to try it due to reasons beyond my control. The first time we came on a Saturday night and they were closed, which was strange since according to the hours indicated on the door, the should have been open. We tried again 2 weeks later on a Friday night. My husband circled around for parking for 45 minutes. He walked in and the staff said they are sold out...of everything...on a Friday night. We tried to call in advance given what happened the first night but they don't have a phone. It's too much trouble to eat at this place. We won't be trying a third time.Hipster. Pho. I mean, it's in Fishtown, after all. BF wanted to try it.
As soon as you walk through the doors, the smell of excessive star anise hits you up the nostrils. 
Pho - I knew this wasn't going to be the typical pho restaurant. There were only two pho options on the menu (beef and mushroom), so I decided to get the one I can't get elsewhere. LOL mushroom pho. It's vegan. (What the...). But the broth was tasty enough and I liked the texture of the rice noodles. But seriously, who puts TOFU in pho? 
Iced "Vietnamese coffee" - locally sourced, so they don't even use the typical coffee that's offered in most Vietnamese restaurants. And they add cardamom to it. That's not Vietnamese coffee. It reminded me a bit of chai tea. C'mon, which one do you wanna be, chai or coffee?
Overall, I've had better and would rather travel to Washington Ave. for real pho. Lol the server didn't even say "pho" correctly. But, uh, at least the people working there were friendly. They tried.Love this place, the food is excellent. However, I tried to go with my fiancé and was turned away at 8:45. their website clearly states they stop seating at 9:00, not 8:45.. we don't have time to enjoy a meal out together often so this was disappointing especially after seeing a full restaurant with people sitting there after already being served.  It was clear that many of them weren't leaving any time soon with almost full bottles of wine on their tables.Super yuppie spot. Pho is reasonably priced but just wasn't very good. I appreciate using better ingredients and all that, but if you go to any pho spot on washington it's going to taste better. I was honestly pretty disappointed. I will say the beef balls are maybe the best I've ever had.Best food in Fishtown hands down. Incredible banh mi sandwiches and pho. Full of incredible and authentic Vietnamese and Thai inspired flavors. Nothing disappoints. Service is perfect.One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. It's BYOB and the staff is always so friendly and make great recommendations. Even though they have a small menu, they always have a new special and/or changing up the menu with new additions. Highly recommend trying any of their specials.I love this place. The Green Mango Salad and Mushroom Pho are my favorites. Everyone is super nice. I can't stop craving it and wanting to go back.Visited in the evening for a quick bite. All of the food was excellent and the price was reasonable. Definitely worth checking out and will likely be back again. Chicken banh mi was great.This place really takes something authentic and put's a horrible twist on it. Some things are best left untouched. The pho here is probably the blandest I've ever had, especially with the price they charge. Just go to an actual Vietnamese restaurant for Vietnamese food..?We have been here more than 5 times already, so short version of my review: it's very good quality and taste! The pho is amazingly good, absolutely a perfect balance of rich and clean tasting broth and quality of the beef (even noodles taste good too)! Besides pho there are salads which are good as well as bahn mi. Every time we come here we are surprised by the new items on the menu. Today was a delicious pineapple desert dish. So we will back again and again.Dat Banh Mi and Mushroom Pho is . Tried chicken and pork and both are amazing; but the bun they use is key! Very very good.  Tight sitting as it's a small place but you can always find a table or just grab a spot at the bar. This place is awesome!Update: because I love food and always want to try new places I forced myself to go back. Again went the take out route. This time the staff was very friendly (6/26/18). The food was good. Not great, but good. Could be because it was take out and more or less prepared and presented by myself as pho is given in seperate containers when taking out. It was good enough for me to go back, and will likely dine in next time.
Would rate 3 out of 5 due to inconvenience of first time, the unfriendliness of the people from the first time, and food was just good. They did improve from a 1 out of 5 though.I get that a lot of people want traditional pho, and Stock's pho diverges from that, but I still love the flavor.  The khao poon is really yummy and filling--love the coconut milk base.  The "Good Deal" is also really good--nice and spicy.  
I love the minimalist decor and am thoroughly impressed with how much they can do with their hot-plate-only, exposed kitchen.
My only gripes with this place is that while the staff are quick and efficient, they're not the warmest people in the world. No smiles or friendly banter.  Also, the last time I was there I told the waitress that my broth was only lukewarm and asked for it to be heated. She told me "That's the way it's served."...Come on, now. I've been to this place at least 10 times, always order the same thing, and never before had it been served lukewarm.  Also, just heat up the soup! Don't tell me how to enjoy my own meal. Besides, who likes lukewarm soup?
Regardless, I'm overall a fan of this place for the quality of their food, and I'll be back. But I'll be hoping for hot, not lukewarm, broth!Hands down my favorite Pho I have ever had. I had The Good Deal. I had them put the chili oil on the side so I could control the amount of spice which was ideal. So delicious.I have been trying several Pho restaurants for many years and this is the only place so far knowing how to do chicken Pho. It is very surprising how they can do chicken breasts so juicy and make soup/broth so well reasoned. Usually, when I have pho, I always ask to add some ground white pepper but not this place, and their som tam salad is amazing. The restaurant is very small so not a place for a group, and the only problem I have is parking.If you are into regular Vietnamese food, you will find that stock is not that great. The quality of the ingredients were great but everything tasted understated/water downed. The pho lacked depth, the papaya salad wasn't sour enough, the Bahn mi lacked crunch. The prices are also significantly higher at stock too.We ate at Stock today in the early afternoon in Sunday. We had the chicken and mushroom pho and both were excellent. The broth was complex and satisfying, and clean-tasting. I think the pho served at the standard Vietnamese restaurants are stronger in flavor, but Tyler's broths are really capable of standing on their own. We had a great experience. Dessert was also very nice. He made sure to talk with every seated customer to make sure they were satisfied. How could they be not? Everyone was happy. It was like being in a secret club. We wish him the best. Thanks NicoleI really wanted to like it here, but I may be too much of a traditionalist when it comes to Vietnamese food - and the staple Pho, in general. Husband and I ordered iced coffees, raw flank, and 2 Phos. The iced coffee was good, but not Vietnamese. The cardamom was very overpowering and seemed thick or gritty. I enjoyed the raw flank the most, as it had a nice balance of acidity and spice, but the flank was way too thick. We got the traditional Phos, and there are good and bad things to discuss. First, the meat was very tender, but there wasn't enough. The broth is tasty, but it's not a pho broth. Sorry. It was more like a miso broth to me. Pho broth is supposed to be clear, clean, and unmuddled. To a non-Pho-natic, it may be a very delicious and budget friendly experience. Had to ask for hoisin and Sriracha, and the bean sprouts were weird. In its own right, it'll do well with the neighborhood and for those who want to try something "cool". I would recommend a bench or something in front of the restaurant so you can have somewhere to wait instead of just awkwardly hovering until they call you in, which is what we had to do.My goodness, that's a lot of hype!
Stopped in yesterday for snacks with Zack. We split a papaya salad ($7.50) and chicken banh mi ($8).
The papaya salad was very small and was overrun with "crispy shallots." Think funion-style. They got soggy in the fish sauce. Not a good look.
The banh mi, however, was delicious. Great size, juicy lemongrass chicken, bread that crisped in all the right places. More funion-y shallots here, however it seemed more appropriate on a sandwich. If you dislike cilantro, I would ask your server to do without. There were many, many sprigs of cilantro on this sandwich.
Atmosphere is cute and clean, and the service was kind. I'll be back to try the pho.The quality of the meat is really good in the pho.  I enjoyed the crudo I started with as well, but it was less exciting.  Location is not the easiest to get to - I suppose it's pretty "hipster" and adds to that vibe, but we had an enjoyable meal.  Love the BYOB vibe - very small and I can appreciate the we do a few things well sentiment - and they do.  The pho itself was a little on the bland side unless you add the herbs they give you and some sriracha, but the quality of ingredients was great.  They were out of bahn mi when we went, so we'd like to return to try that out next time, I'd go again, but not often - it's too far and I've been told there are other good pho places to check out.We sat at the counter, i love the counter sitting vibe. The soup was delicious and messy (as a good soup should be). mine had some crunchy roasted garlic that i dreamt about for months. it was the perfect place to chat with my friends and enjoy a hearty meal. 
the space is small but the flavor is big. i will definitely be trying this place again!tofu banh mi was "just alright"?? you're outta your mind. i don't think it's possible to make that sandwich any better. we go here once a week usually. everything is good as-is but better with hot sauce. not much seating for parties of more than two. don't go here, i don't care - more for meeeefood is always great and the owners are super friendly. it was a sad day when they stopped serving the grass fed beef pho but the "good deal" is now a fav of mine. 
nice casual byo for a quick meal. highly recommendSmall, limited hours of operation and totally worth it.  Yummy!
There is a counter and a few tables.  We sat at the counter.  It was fun watching then cooks use their techniques to prepare our meals.  I went with a bahn mi and my vegetarian date had the vegetarian pho.  Both were tasty.
I wondered aloud why they didn't open for lunch too and was told that since their space was so small the serving area was also the prep area and in order to be open for lunch they would have to start prep way too early in the morning.  Since it is against my religion to rise before the sun does I was totally down with that.
Bottom line, I will totally return and I'm sure I'll enjoy every time.I had to immediately meander home in order to tell you just how phenomenal this little gem is before this culinary erection of mine wears off!  (Warning to all gentleman who intend on visiting this establishment...DON'T wear tight pants here, they'll only become more restricting as your dining experience progress & that can lead to an awkward situation in a small establishment like this).  
A friend and I started our journey with the Cobia Salad which if I recall correctly consisted of Cobia , dill, pomelo and ginger.  The cobia was perfectly prepared...not to thick, not too thin & incredibly tender.  Sooo tender that even you're  toothless uncle from Pennsyltucky can enjoy this plate because there is no chewing necessary.  As far as the dill is concerned, ether Chef Tyler has gnomes prepping the dill or he's using nose hair trimmers to prep it because every individual piece was perfectly cut as well as  sized appropriately for each piece of fish.  Every bite had just enough of the ginger/dill flavor combo to prompt my stomach's appetizer cavity to beg for more.  
 The Green Papaya Salad came next.  Consisting of rau ram, shallots, peanuts, fish sauce this plate has a slight hint of spice to it.  It was nice and light and a great salad to have before a bowl of Pho.  
The Beef Pho:
  The MEATBALLS...all of them in my mouth please...like all of them!   It is balls of meat like the ones that you NOW discover hidden in the beef Pho that make it impossible for me to ever become a vegetarian!  Oh and not only are there meatballs in the beef Pho, but also several other cuts of beef in different shapes and sizes all of which were sized appropriately and tasted like everything I could have ever dreamed.  I elected to go with the "Small Pho" which was ginormous enough.  It leaves me wondering if the large is actually a bucket as opposed to a bowl (Don't get me wrong I'll take a bucket of it anytime). The Pho simply put is everything I desired/needed/dreamed/hoped it would be.  
Other notes...
   -The staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable 
   -The Thai Ice Tea was on point
   -Great little date spot 
   -Relaxing atmosphere where you don't feel rushed
   -Simple & welcomingAfter being told this was somewhere I needed to go for dinner... I finally got the chance and was extremely satisfied.
Although very small... The minimalistic decor and dim lighting made for a very cozy environment. 20-minute wait on a Monday night.. Not bad at all.
We started off with the Burmese Cold Noodles which instantly became one of the best items I've ever had at a restaurant. Easily could have just had that for my entree considering the portion was pretty big. I'm typically one to add either more pepper or hot sauce to my food but I wouldn't dare change this dish. Perfect as is.
For the entrees... My girlfriend had the Mushroom Pho which is what Stock is famous for. It's not everyday you hear of a vegan-friendly pho. She enjoyed it so much!! Portion was huge but she couldn't stop herself from eating :) As someone who is Vietnamese, I had to give it a try and the hype around it is well-deserved.
I had the Khao Poon which is a hot noodle coconut curry dish. Despite usually not being a fan of soupy dishes... I loveddddddd this so much!! There was a good amount of spice and the added tofu was a bonus. Couldn't have picked a better meal for a cold night!
We were so happy with our first experience we've already discussed making it a weekly dinner spot from now on :DAwesome to have a cool, new byo so close by. I'm not going to compare it to Washington ave. because it is different. The pho was awesome and I tried both of the raw apps which were excellent. Simple and short menu is nice. Maybe it's just because I'd had a few before arriving, but I found the menu confusing. Just not clearly labeled between salads/apps/pho and everything is roughly the same price so it's difficult to tell what's what. Anyways I'm glad I accidentally ordered a raw app because it was delicious, and prompted me to try the other one. Didn't get a chance to mess with the salads, maybe next time. But super solid pho and a cool atmosphere. Good stuff, I would come back. Maybe next week!Been living in Fishtown for a few years now and while there are so many good places to eat, only one or two have been as consistent, welcoming, and a no-brainer destination for me as Stock. I come here often for lunch when I work from home. Reasonably priced, friendly staff, and bonkers delicious food. Highly recommend the cold noodle dishes, particularly the kao soi and burmese street noodles (with prahok katee added) will blow your mind. But you can't go wrong with the chicken or mushroom pho, the banh mi, or the khao poon.When Grub Hub failed me by delivering my Chicken Pho to the wrong address, Tyler, the chef (owner?) at Stock personally delivered it to the Airbnb where I was staying. I was majorly bummed (and starving) when I called Stock wondering where my order was and found out Grub Hub had failed. I'd been having a really terrible week and that was just one more drop in the bucket for me. Tyler called me back within minutes and said he was having his guys make me a new order (it was closing time for them) and he was going to drop it off. Not only was the customer service amazing, the Chicken Pho is THE BEST pho I have ever had. Thanks Tyler and team for making my day!!!This restaurant is a minimalist's dream. The restaurant only seats 18 (including the bar) and there is only one 4-top table. They don't take reservations so arrive early. The kitchen is open to the rest of the restaurant and it's wonderful to be able to watch the chefs cook while you eat. The menu is short and simple but the food is anything but. The Khao Poon is the standout - don't skip it, it's everyone's favorite. Portion sizes are quite large and can definitely be shared, but the dishes taste so good you can definitely finish them on your own. The service was really top notch. Our server was kind and attentive without being overbearing. I would absolutely come back here in a heartbeat.This place was bad. I got the vegetarian pho and it tasted like tofu in hot water. I guess one good thing is that it wasn't very expensive...go somewhere else instead.Such tasty chicken pho. Fresh ingredients, fast service (once you're seated, but I wouldn't recommend trying to find seating for more than 2 people), and done with just heating plates. Pretty impressive. I'm nearby and have had it several times; so glad to not have to travel to Washington Ave for some pho!This place is seriously so good. I've never had anything here I didn't love. We always get the pork dip, two pho's and Mexican cokes - it is a byob so if you're feeling saucey bring your own. I can't wait to try their other restaurantsStock has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Fishtown. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. I love that the menu is small and that the featured salads and desserts change from time to time. All of the ingredients are fresh and high quality. I also love that there are vegetarian options.