Maybe people come here for the beer....
Maybe people come here for the service...
I thought the duck gumbo was delicious...
But for the prices, I could have eaten a burger and gone to the circus....We had our wedding reception after-party here, and it was great. They accommodated us with a large area on the upper level.  The beer list is awesome and the appetizers our guests ordered were so delicious!
When some shots came out, one had a strange white pill-like tablet in it. That was super sketchy. We told the waitress and she promptly brought us a new one.They have a good selection, but the bartender had terrible pours. The beers were half foam, half beer, which is unacceptable when paying $9 for a beer.Food, wine and service were all great!
Try the gazpacho which is amazing!
Had the Shrimp and grits ( only served on weekends) and it was AMAZING!!
PLEASE make this during the week, Strangelove!!
Since I couldn't have shrimp and grits....had the gouda grits during the week...WOW they are sooooo good!Came here with my friends for happy hour and enjoyed it a lot.  I had only been here once before for an engagement party.  The waiter was friendly and diligent and didn't give us any trouble for splitting up a big bill among multiple people.  Prices could be cheaper but weren't bad for center city.  I would definitely come back here again!Sadly I have to change my review for Strangeloves.....between the new chef and one not so  thinking waitress...it is no longer my go to place!Great Happy Hour.  $4 drafts and wine, $5 basic mixed drinks.  $4 snacks included fantastic homemade chips.
Good dinner items including great veggie burger and tofu/spinach saag and kale salad.  Pork and Joe burgers were good but cheffie had a heavy hand on the salt shaker.
Very friendly servers!Amazing food and fun beer menu!  Had lunch with some friends and was incredibly impressed. The food was incredible (totally recommend the brussels sprouts and the Strangelove Burger). Our waiter/bartender, Payne, was very attentive and helpful in making our choices. While it's changed since it's Doc Watson's days, you can still see the "bones" of the old place which makes old folks like me happy.  Great food, great service, lovely location. Win, win & win.  Payne is awesome - give him a raise!In addition to the amazing strangelove  burger I pretty much inhaled it was so good, the very helpful bartender offered to replace my half-drunken too sweet beer with a half pint of another recommendation. That is customer service 101. If I were a local these two things would make me a regular.We stopped in during an impromptu mini bar tour, and Strangelove's definitely impressed. The bearded hipster-type bartender was friendly and attentive, and the venue is extremely clean with crisp decor. Since it was around 2-3pm, it was a lull between lunch and dinner, but a great place to sit and watch some of the Phillies' game. Also, they have some special beers as partnerships with some of the Philadelphia breweries, which is cool - I tried the Porch, and it was enjoyable.Really enjoyed the food here and they have a very impressive selection of beers. I got the Strangelove's burger which had a great variety of flavors. Very comfortable environment. Friendly staff. Good for parties of 4-6.I had brunch here today and it was great!  A friend recommended it and I'm so glad we went. The beermosa that we had was a great substitute for the mimosa and I couldn't have been happier. The food was good and perfectly proportioned so you left full but not uncomfortable.We had the "afterparty" for our engagement here and it was great! After searching so many bars/restaurants in the city that charged exorbitant room rental fees, we came across Stangeloves.  We had the 2nd floor with 2 bar tenders all to ourselves and comfortably fit about 50 guests. Great beer, great food. No fee for the space, just a bar tab minimum of $1000 which was no problem for that many people in 3 hours. We had such a great time and would recommend this space to anyone planning a party in the city!Following my initial review of this place, I've visited quite a few more times without a subpar experience (or beer, for that matter). Ultimately, a recent group dinner here with a large, raucous party bearing mixed dietary needs and preferences merited a fifth star. Our server did not make any errors despite our huge order, and acted rather attentively despite our nigh-constant distraction. Furthermore, most diners enjoyed their meals to a significant extent, and the only miss out of the many dishes tasted that evening was a fairly pedestrian chicken sandwich. 
Still the copious amount of reasonably portioned, tasty Southern inspired grub (they seem to have upped the plate sizes, mitigating my prior gripe) more than made up for that small miss. The vegan tostadas are as deceptively meaty as ever, the mussels still intensely seafood-y, the burger killer, and the po-boys on point. Whether for a few brews or a full meal, Strangelove's does the job well; it will remain my favorite neighborhood spot for quite some time.After wanting to go here for a drink and some food since it opened, I finally had the chance! A friend and I ended up here after realizing we picked a Center City Sips night to have dinner and drinks. Listen up if you like to hear yourself talk in Center City on a Wednesday!
It was also Philly Beer Week, so we had the opportunity to try some special Anderson Valley brews. I got the opportunity to have a goes, which is one of my favorite styles.
I ordered the veggie burger that featured beets, and my dining companion reminded me of the Portlandia sketch "Is it beets?" It was good, it did fall apart, and I would say that chips remind me of lunch - even though they were good. If they were hot chips I would probably not have even noticed they weren't fries!
Strangelove's would appeal to any beer appreciator, not just the Sips-avoiding type! I'll definitely be back.Good beer selection, very decent old fashioned, very good veggie burger, and very very good Playlist (think The Cure and Joy Division mostly). 
It was quite empty on a Sunday evening and the waiter was quick and very nice, accommodating our group of 8 very well. The veggie burger was very hearty and spicy and i think was a good choice over a meat entree.
Just an overall pleasure and I'll be back next time in in Philly!This place really got its act together quickly. Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly, as is the wait staff. Beer AND wine list is great. Decor is interesting and comforting, and it doesn't hurt to look out the window and see lots of trees across the way at Jefferson. I hear the burgers are great, but I only had salad and several appetizers. The only disappointing thing I had was the mussels, but asked to leave out the chorizo, so I can't really complain. Mushroom soup was ridic.Been here a handful of times and it's easily becoming a staple bar for me to hop to after work. The ambiance is cosy, calm, and laid-back, a change from all the energized sports bars and dance clubs in the area. It's a very small place but every time I've been in I've been able to get a seat at the bar. 
Draft list is about the normal size for an establishment that pours craft beer, about 12-16 brews on tap. As I've mentioned in previous reviews, I tend to yawn at places in center city for their redundant IPAs they have on tap but Strangelove's goes above and beyond with their list. I've had some amazing goses and saisons here that I've never seen anywhere else in Philadelphia. 
One thing that's unique about this bar that I've never seen any bar in the city do is they will give you 4oz pours for 1/3rd of the price of a glass and an 8oz for 2/3 the price. For me being one who loves to taste different brews and has the attention span of a goldfish, even when it comes to my beers, this is probably one of my favorite implementations. I've been able to try six different beers for under 25 dollars and that's a jackpot in my book! 
As for the food, all I've had are the pretzel balls, but oh my those are the best pretzels I've had. Light, fluffy, buttery, and a little larger than a golf ball, they serve them up in a bowl with three different types of mustards. I could probably eat them all day. 
If you're in the area and want a change of pace and a great bite and drink, Strangelove's is the place to go.Great first experience. Bar was clean, staff was friendly, drinks were on point and the food was fresh and great! Perfect portions. I had the Strangeloves burger with a fried green tomato on top. The bun was big and fully, enough to hold the burger. I got a rare burger and it was perfectly cooked and HOT! Great spices and come on...a fried green tomato on top!!?? Yes! Cole slaw was fresh, not runny, sugary/vinegary! Awesome spot to try :)Excellent bar by any standard. Awesome selection of craft beer from around the world, inventive menu with vegan and vegetarian options abound, and friendly staff serving it all.
There are two levels, both with spacious bars and plenty of table seating. Just big enough to fill demand without feeling too cavernous. The menu is extremely creative and priced nicely, with entrees clocking in around $12 on average. The food is delicious, too. Nothing half-hearted.
As a beer geek, I appreciate that they make an effort to serve beer across a variety of styles and regions. I've attended some beer events here, and really like their organization as well. The staff is knowledgable and helpful.
This place is excellent and very much deserving of RateBeer's recent destination as a "top 100 US Beer Bar." I highly recommend it.Had beers and french fries and a burger here. The food was really good, beer choice on tap was great, and had a good happy hour environment.Really fun bar, and a great happy hour with food and drink specials. Loved all the beer options on tap, and the service was great. I was here with a group of 15 for a company gathering, and we all had a great time. We didn't stay for dinner but did try many of the appetizer options, loving them all. 
The pretzel bites were awesome, and my coworkers loved the mushroom croquettes.
The space itself is also really cool. Definitely worth a visit!Strangelove's was a great study break, fostering good conversation through its yummy food (Joe burger and Smokey crystal steak fries were spot on) and its not-too-loud, not-too-quiet atmosphere. We sat upstairs--it's a lot bigger than you'd think from the outside!
Solid service, but not outstanding--we probably would have ordered more drinks than we did if our server had stopped by more often to ask.
PS. Totally random note, but I don't suggest walking down the tiny alley/street as a short-cut, unless you want to feel kind of skeevy right before you go in to eat! Walking along 11th Street is, of course, perfectly un-skeevy and safe!I went there for a Saturday brunch and the place was dead! Only a couple people at the tables..I think the evening ambience is better with bar lighting and better music. The place is easy to miss and I've lived in the neighborhood for a year and never noticed it! 
Food was decent, and I'll give them points for creativity with vegan options..I ordered the beet burger and a side of greens (pic shown here)...burger was interesting, not bad! The harissa mayo added a little needed kick to the flavor. The green salad looked pretty with the thin guava slices. Price was about average (maybe 2-4 dollars more relatively)...the burger was surprisingly not filling..better to order with the fries. The server recommended the vegan nachos as having more flavor..will need to try that another time. Good selection of drinks, decent ambience, and good location..check it out sometime for happy hours (better deal) of dinner (better ambience)."We had just finished seeing the wonderfully funny show #Harvey when we decided to walk up Walnut St. to see if we could find a nice warm and inviting place to sit, have a drink and enjoy the day. We found ourselves on 11th St. when Strangeloves seemed to grab us (in a nice way). It was just before 3:00P so the place was only moderately busy. Good for us. We were greeted warmly and shown to a nice table toward the middle of the room. Our waitress arrived promptly and was very helpful with menu as this was our first time. I ordered a beer on tap(there's a ton) and my wife ordered a glass of red wine. We were having dinner later so we didn't want to eat too much. We chose two things from the appetizer menu. My wife had the chips and onion dip. The chips are great! All home made. I had the CHICKEN WATERZOOI. This was much more than what I expected. Great flavor, very "chickeny" as compared to other dishes of this type where they expect you to add a great deal of salt and other table spices for flavor. The reduction of the chicken broth really enhanced this dish and I highly recommend it. Would I go back again? Absolutley!I was there only for a happy hour and a snack. The beer selection was good. The location is nice and bartender was really friendly.
Nice place for happy hour on two floors.
The Fish Pork Sticks are really great.This place is great. Awesome and inventive food, even for vegetarians and vegans. Amazing and always-changing draft list, and stellar service. And, it's big enough that you can usually find a table or seat at the bar without too much trouble, but it doesn't feel impersonal. I usually end up eating too much because I want to try all the delicious things, but that's my problem, not theirs! Go here, and quickly now!Came for quizzo. Service was sub par. Not good to eat after 9:30pm. Different menu. Late night is good for Drinks and socializing. Cool ambience though.I always like a place where you grab a drink and actually hear what your friends are saying, so I was happy to see this addition to the neighborhood. The staff is very friendly and enthusiastic about the beers and the food. 
We've been a few times for drinks, and went for lunch this weekend. All of the sandwiches (burger, chicken sandwich, and tempeh salad sandwich) were delicious. Well executed toppings elevated them above standard bar fare. The ice box lemon pie was creamy and refreshing.
Overall, can't wait to make this our regular spot.Shittiest negroni I've ever had. $12 for a poorly made cocktail with a lemon ( not the classic orange) and one of the ones we ordered was half full.Been here twice, first time just for beers- great selection and they have my favorite (Yards Love Stout) on tap! Good times.
Second time for food and beers. This trip was hit or miss, out of the first beer selected. Ordered a burger and the turkey club, Brussels sprouts and pretzel bites. Tried to order the pickles but apparently they are not pickles as advertised but pickled veggies. Good thing the waitress told us, that would have been disappointing. Burger was delicious, turkey club was a regret. It wasn't a club but a turkey sandwich. And the "bacon" was some sort of pork belly beef jerky that was removed after several unsuccessful attempts at biting through it. Brussels were meh, not really seasoned or flavorful, so get the fries! 
So, not really sure about returning for food, but A+ for beers!Veggie burger is delicious! Very nice atmosphere , awesome service and delicious draft beer!Stopped by and had dinner at the bar one night. They have an awesome beer selection. The cocktails that were being made looked great as well. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Ordered the steak, and it came out seasoned and cooked perfectly. Definitely would stop by again next time I'm around.So good!! Craft beers, great vegan & vegetarian selection. The staff is fun, friendly, and helpful. Great environment. Highly recommend!!!This place is nomtastic! Came here for lunch...had vegan chorizo tostadas. They were delish, and the atmosphere was chill and relaxing!I recently discovered this neighborhood bar and I love it. They feature a well-rounded selection of wine and beer. Happy hour gets a little busy but it's a fun atmosphere. The crowd on weekends is a mix of locals and post-shift hospital staff.
I tried a few appetizers and they were all innovative and delicious. The pretzels are game changing, seriously. Get. The. Pretzels.  I've been here twice and I would come back any day of the week!The most horrid customer service experience I've ever had in Philly. Do not go to the place.A friend and I stopped in to grab dinner and try out a couple of the special drain beers that they had available for beer week. The service was fine, as were the beers. The food was another story. I ordered the catfish poboy and my friend ordered a burger. The fries that came out with the platters were not cooked all the way through and were completely limp and swimming in a puddle of oil on the plate. We sent the fries back and the waitress returned with a small order of fries for us to share. The fries were cooked, but quite a few of them were blackened. I think there were about 24 fries for us to share. My friends burger was fine, but the catfish poboy was a complete joke. There were three pieces of catfish, which were tiny, and probably covered no more than 20% of the surface of the roll. It was the worst meal I've had in years. I paid $14 for a roll loaded with lettuce and a dozen lousy fries.My girlfriends and I went to Strange Love for brunch because it had just opened up and we were curious. I got the Eggplant Jawn. The name of the dish is more pleasing than the actual dish itself. It was way too salty, greasy, and unfulfilling. It's not somewhere I'd go again.Stopped by this place last night, it was my first time, my girlfriend mentioned it so I said sure what the hell. The beer menu was awesome with multiple craft beer selections, and the food was awesome. I got the friend chicken with friend corn and potato salad. A classic summer dish that was on point. Probably the BEST fried chicken I've ever had in my life. Greasy and gristly just the way I love it. I didn't even need a dipping sauce cause the chicken was so juicy. Hats off to the chef!!! Highly recommend!!!I came here for brunch about a week ago, it's a cool place with the artwork on the wall depicting "strange lovers". I got Warm Pretzel Bites that were very good and not so "bite sized" with the three mustards that came with it. I also got a beer called Evolution lot #3 that was a very hoppy beer which I liked with the pretzels. They offer a good selection of different beers that I want to try the next time I visit this place again.If you want a good atmosphere, tasty food, and a solid selection of beer, then this is the place! 
Easily one of the best spots in center city, and a must stop for any foodie out there. The menu is small, which, if you've ever felt burdened by choices, then you'll appreciate. For what they lack in quantity, they more than make up for in quality.
I've never had anything but the best time there, whether its a slow monday afternoon, or a busy friday, the service and food is always on point.Ordered the Veggie Burger with salad instead of fries- and I was so full! The veggie burger has a mushy/soft consistency but great flavor. You can really taste the lentil/beet mixture! I asked for the harissa mayo on the side, and thankfully I did because I was not a fan. The side salad had an amazing vinaigrette dressing that was so flavorful. $24 for my meal + a beer + gratuity .. not bad considering the large meal portions!I have been there multiple times for lunch . Omg I love it. The food is amazing , anything you order will be delicious.  The service is great. When they tell you the special is really good, trust them . You will not be disappointed!   Portions are pretty big , most of the time I can't finish the whole sandwichWent here during Philly Beer Weekend. This is the best burger I've ever had. The strangelove's burger was brain melting. Anytime I'm craving a burger, I'll have to drive an hour just for this one.Good beer selection and pretty darn good pretzel bites. Good crowd. Good service. Good all around.Loved this place before tonight's experience. Came here tonight shortly before happy hour ended to meet up with some friends from out of town. Came 10 minutes right before happy hour. Tried to order 2 beers for myself before happy hour ended. I was told that wasn't allowed. Really?!? Give me a break. I get that there must be limits but I didn't try and order five beers. 
I tried to get a taste of a beer and was told that they only do a "tasting beer item from the menu" and don't do individual beer tastings. She ended up caving and gave me an ounce tasting. Places with a ton of unique craft beer are usually more than happy to give tastings to ensure the customer is happy with there order.
I wasn't a fan of the beer I tasted so I ordered another beer outright (being reluctant to ask for another sample). The beer was gross. I mentioned to the waitress that the beer wasn't great and she told me she could take it off the table but couldn't take it off the bill since nothing was wrong with the product. Ummm okay if you say it that way, I guess I will just drink the beer. 
Pretzels weren't as good as I remembered. Burger was good but definitely not the greatest for $13.00, plus being charged for a side of jalapeños. I would definitely recommend whiskey village burger which is the same price.  
We went to Tria the night before with much better service. Used to be a huge fan of this place but not any more. Maybe it was the waitress but I will look elsewhere next time!Been here a dozen times or so since they opened, finally doing a review. I'd say it's a solid burger spot, side salad is pretty bomb instead of their fries, good beer list. They do charge for tastes of beers which is a pet peeve of mine (there's no diamonds in it, its not a rare beer so why charge me $2 so I can be sure I like what I end up ordering but whatevs). When they opened, they had the strangeloves burger (fried green tomato, goat cheese, bacon BBQ sauce and some other amazing sauce), but then took it off the menu and replaced it with some pork nasty thing. Anyway replaced pork nasty thing with just a regular burger, Russian dressing on it. I've had other things on the menu but I usually just got right back to the burger. Catfish po boy is good (but tbh the po boys are better at Khyber pass), chicken sandwich here is good. Service is always decent, they have unisex bathrooms which is good for us ladies bc that's more potties! Never had a bad thing on the menu, so def check it out if you like beer and burgers.This place has a little something for everyone- the meat lovers, the veggie lovers, and those in between. I was torn on this review because their execution of some of these things comes up a bit short. Their arugula salad with shrimp- tasty but after the first 10 bites I was wishing there were far fewer pickled onions and more arugula and cheese. The kale salad- yes, it's huge!- is delicious but was loaded with way too much dressing. Next time, I'll ask for it lightly dressed.
If you come during the summer, definitely check out their gazpacho. I'm partial to the one I make at home, but this one is bright and well-balanced- one of the better ones I've had in restaurants.
One of the items that I found myself craving was their good ole turkey sandwich. I came back a week later to get said turkey sandwich only to find it had been deleted from the menu! I hope they're just rotating the menu items and didn't do away with it forever!Hmm. A strange place. It's trying to be hipster but everyone on the night I went was suited up, fresh from work. 
The menu is eclectic to say the least. A mash-up of Cajun, French, and Texas influences. Po' boys, vegan chorizo, pork belly. I had the po' boy which was delicious and for $11 was big enough for lunch the next day too. For an app, we had the popcorn which was good but strange-chili, cheese, and butter over top which made each bit interesting. 
 I was also happy to see the wine selection since I'm not into beer. They do have a fairly decent wine list-about 10 wines you could get by the glass. Would love to see some original cocktails from this place though. 
I'll def be back for the happy hour specials.This is a perfect date spot. Very fun art, very cool vibe, very eclectic menu.  I had the tofu saag and half of a veggie burger.  The veggie burger is a must order- if you're vegan - just ask and then will veganize it for you. 
They have a good mix of omni options with a few vegan stand outs. 
The service was spot on, the food was great, and the atmosphere was terrific.  
I went here on a girl date with yelp darling veganliciousLJ, but I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend and try the drinks out.I have only been here for lunch and happy hour. Food is very good and they even have hush puppies.   A nice rotating tap list and the owners are very nice. Will definitely be coming back for dinner.The atmosphere is pleasant especially during the colder months, it is warm and inviting. Beer selection is varied yet manageable (sometimes too many options makes things more difficult). We had the pretzels app which was amazing and the homemade mustard was a nice touch. $4 craft drafts during Happy Hour!  The taqueria were decent...something better than fried frozen cuisine but not made by a Mexican grandmother as you get in S Philly.One of my favorites.  Russian kale salad is terrific.  Mussels with chorrizo, burgers, duck gumbo, eggplant rolatini...all perfect.  Nothing bad here!  And on top of that, the music is excellent!  Great craft beers on draft!Was visiting Philly and stopped in here on a Monday night for "Quizzo". Basically they have trivia night and the winner gets a gift card to the place. Went with 3 others, we grabbed a few drinks and played the first few rounds of the trivia game. It wasn't that packed, Maybe 5-7 tables. People were playing seriously! The drinks are priced well for the city, About 7$ for a drink. Had the Pretzel bites and a french onion dip. I really like the chips they have here. They make them in house I think? The dip was OK. But the mustard that came with the pretzel bites was out of this world. If you visit here be sure to try out the pretzel things...
Did not eat any entree here so cannot comment on any other food. Good place for a quick pre-game.....
TAKE: Probably would not return unless something special because nothing really stood out like other places in the city....Pretty good. This location has changed hands a couple of times in the last few years, but hopefully the new owners have found a winning formula - it was pretty packed when I came in last Thursday night.
The burger was absolutely fine, though a little more seasoning in the patty wouldn't hurt. The other half's veggie burger was nice, but came on a puck-like wholewheat bun. Why oh why does veggie always equal healthy... no burger deserves a wholewheat bun. The side dish of smoked gouda grits was the best thing we had - absolutely delicious - so maybe stick to the southern-inspired menu items. I will next time.
Also I was overcharged, and when I queried the check the waitress told me the additional charge was because I had fries with my burger. I paid up, but passing the bar yesterday I peeked at the menu, and I was right - she did overcharge me.
But give them a bit of time and they'll get everything sorted out I'm sure. Will be back to give it another go sometime.Casual but also clean/polished-looking place. It's pretty small, but there's a second floor. This might sound weird but I liked the wall booth seats, which felt quite spacious. I didn't try the food, but they seemed pretty good. I tried a french fry, which was good, and one friend said his pork sandwich was probably the best he's ever had. 
My biggest complaint is the beer list. I am a stout person - there's only one stout (and it's not good) on the list, while all the rest are pale ales/IPAs or cocktails. Cocktails were pretty good (tasted a bit watery though), but the long island iced tea was excellent. 
Very friendly server, and she's very knowledge about drinks. Wish I could like the bar more, but nothing about it really stood out to me. I had a great time there, but I know I would've had a great time at any other bar too. If only Strangelove's beer list were more delectable to me!This weekend, my sister was in town so we decided on Strangelove's for dinner and drinks due to its variety of meal choices for both herbivores and carnivores as well as their solid beer list.
They don't take reservations for parties smaller than six, but we had no trouble snagging a table for four around 6:30 on a Friday night.  Our server was super friendly and let us know of a few updates to their beer selections (which apparently are ever-changing)!  
We started with the cajun popcorn topped with cheese, which I wasn't convinced I liked but I ate it anyway.  I'll skip this next time.  I had the catfish po'boy as my main course with the bacon-infused sweet potato mash as a premium side.  The po'boy wasn't memorable, but that mash was definitely worth the few extra dollars to swap in over the chips!
My sis opted for the veggie burger, which she enjoyed.  My other DPs went with the short rib (a hit) and crawfish mac & cheese (not a hit).
Overall, mediocre food but great beer list, cozy atmosphere and friendly service.  I'd give Strangelove's another shot for apps & drinks - but might skip dinner.Happy hour here is everything I could ask for from a bar.
$4 drafts, extensive beer selection ranging in ABV, with just enough of a hint of familiarity to appease those who aren't in an adventurous mood. 
Food wise, only tried the fries, which came with a spicy ketchup of sorts and were REALLY hot, even 30 minutes later. All the food that wandered past me while I was there looked delicious though, so I'll definitely come back to do some more taste testing. 
Love the decor and the fact that the lighting is on the dimmer side. The ladybartender was super friendly also- will be back sooner than later.This place is alright. Ok beer selection and ok food selection. The price isn't too bad either. I didn't find anything standout or special about it though. The location would still be better off it stayed as Doc Watson's. No need to go out of your way to check this place out.What a gem! Great beer, great food and even better - a great selection for vegetarians. (Generally I can choose between 1-2 things, here there were a variety of options in vegan and vegetarian.) But don't worry  meat eaters, you have plenty of yummy sounding things as well. The kale salad was delightful and the pimento cheese (a dip) with pickles was so yummy. Dessert sounded good, but we were way too stuffed on their ample portions. 
Wheelchair accessible, no step and tables that accommodate. 
Staff was super friendly and helpful and service was prompt, but in a very good way (not rushed). 
Will definitely be back!Molly was great. She handled several tables, the bar and the phones with grace. 
The batter on the fish and chips wasn't horrible :\ 
I love the fries and aioli :DRead a few reviews on yelp about this place and since its pretty close to my apartment I decided to give it a try.
Great beer selection and a cool little spot. I had the kale salad with chicken. I usually finish most meals but this was so big I could not. Awesome salad
Def would recommend if you are in the neighborhoodOne star only because they refuse to pour a small taste before ordering.  
Seriously?
  "They're, trying to keep costs down".  Really?
  I always thought most bars tried to increase their expenses as high as possible.
There's roughly 1000 great beer bars in Philly that will let you sample a beer before plunking down $5-$8 for a pint.
Apparently Strangelove's thinks this is a bad idea.  
Ironically, I think it would be a bad idea to return here.I came here for happy hour and am totally using my experience at happy hour to judge this place. Is it fair? I'll let you decide. I really liked the atmosphere and layout of the bar, it was very spacious and had a modern but rustic feel at the same time. The beer selection was very good and the prices were fair (4 dollars during HH). So the booze and atmosphere was good and would keep me coming back for those two reasons but I probably would not come back for dinner and here is why. I ordered 4 items from the HH menu, conche fritters (basically seafood fritters) chips and dip, chicken taquitos and something else that was extremely mediocre. The first thing is that none of it really tasted flavorful. On a bland scale of 1-10 the food scored a 12. The food did nothing for me except provide energy to drink. 
I give this place 3 stars because they bar scene was pretty nice. If this was a restaurant it would definitely be a lower score.Loved this place.  Nothing in particular, just great service, friendly bartender, good drinks.  Wasn't looking for food so can't rate it the place itself seemed great.  Very friendly bartender, didn't get his name, and a generally comfortable atmosphere.  Highly recommended.Went here on a first date last year, they have a stellar beer list. It was a busy friday night but we were still able to sit at the bar and get quick service. The decor is so cute, love the big bright Strange Love sign. 
I'll definitely be back to order food in the future!Walked in here pretty damn sober looking forward to a third half-full glass of wine (mind you, we had also been eating over the course of 2 hours) only to be rejected by the condescending bartender. Aka the short lady with the short black hair. Why were we rejected? Our friend has a speech impediment and we were rejected since she was "slurring" her words. I'd love to show you what a real slob looks like, but i will never step foot in this place again. Way to make things awkward strangelove's.I was disappointed with my meal here. My friend and I went for celebratory drinks, apps, entrees, and dessert. I got the beer braised chicken-- would not recommend. The flavors were very bland and salty. The chicken was covered in a gravy of mushrooms and bacon, which sounds appetizing enough, but the flavors were indistinct. Also, the bed of celeriac mash underneath the chicken didn't complement it. It seemed like an odd accompaniment to the meat, like it was a quirky alternative to mashed potatoes that was added for the sake of being unique. It didn't pair well at all. I won't be ordering this again.
We also got the whipped ricotta appetizer. The menu claimed that this dish has mint in it, but I definitely didn't taste any. The crisp, lemony arugula was doing all of the work, which is fine, but (like everything else on the menu), the description sounded way more appetizing than it actually tasted. Same with the happy hour taquitos-- they tasted like frozen ones that I've bought at Trader Joe's. What a disappointment. As for the dessert, the brownie bites were just low-quality, crumbly chocolate cake. Quite the letdown.
If I return here, it will probably be for drinks only. The atmosphere/decor was charming; the service was friendly; and the draft selection is decent (although wish they poured pints rather than 12oz glasses). But overall, it seems like there are far better alternatives in this neighborhood for dinner.My Strangelove's experiences have just been for happy hour but I'm sold.
Not only do they have a regular weekday happy hour, they have Sunday happy hour specials too. I really liked that it wasn't limited to the bar area only. On my most recent visit, my group of four sat at a table upstairs. 
Everything was $4 including a nice list of craft beers. I opted for the Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale.
There were also several appetizers for $4 as well. My group split a few orders of the chicken taquitos and cat fish bites. Both snacks were definitely tasty but not the type of appetizers to have if you are super hungry.
The service was fine. Our server was friendly and attentive but there was nothing noteworthy otherwise.
There was something familiar and nice about Strangelove's. Maybe because it used to be Doc Watson's or maybe it just has a nice atmosphere of its own. Whatever it is, I have a new happy hour spot when I'm in that part of town.Warm, comfortable ambiance.  Staff was genuine and warm, too.
My boyfriend had the Strangelove Burger and thought he had died and gone to heaven.  Goat cheese and the fried green tomato made the meat "come alive" in a totally not weird way and the salad greens were delicious with a sherry dressing.
I had the Tots and the Mushroom Flautas.  The tots were deep fried and super greasy but the cheese sauce and fresh tomatoes made me feel less bad about it.  The flautas were delicious- creamy and rich and served with truffle oil.
Great beer selection, ok wine selection and super chill atmosphere.  We will definitely return in the near future!What's odd is I have been to this location in the many past and presumably failed iterations (Doc Watsons, Blue Bear, Boilermaker) and what always baffled me was why they couldn't survive with a large population of overworked and underpaid Jefferson students/staff etc looking for a great place for Happy Hour??
I digress
It is clear the new ownership is a hit (am also a fan of their other locations memphis taproom etc)
Went for HH and grabbed a small cafe table upstairs with my friend
They had a surprisingly nice curated selection of unique craft and import beers on special and interesting small bites as well (very few places have biere de garde, sours, IPAs, saisons etc all on draft!)
I of course ordered a beer NOT on special (was a unique belgian that I wanted to try) was still reasonable for what I ordered (maybe $6-8)
and enjoyed some taquitos and fermented veggies for maybe $5 a pop
The latter was not as great as I had hoped
Ditto for the giant doughnut hole style pretzel bites and beer cheese (they were interesting at least just lacked some flavor)
Solid beer place in the area, i would definitely go backSo we had a night with a few too many restrictions on us to figure out where to go. We needed (1) good vegetarian food, (2) gluten-free options, (3) something close to where we were staying, and (4) no to a bunch of different ethnic cuisines that people had already been to the previous few days. Strangelove's, however, was able to please all parties in this way. First off, they told us it'd be a little bit of a wait so we sauntered to the upstairs bar, by the time we had really settled in though, they already had a table ready for us. Nice! Their food was really good, my only gripe is that I came pretty hungry and the waitress assured me that the kale salad was huge and would fill me up. Maybe we have different definitions of what "huge" means, but I definitely wasn't filled up by the kale salad alone. Fortunately, we ordered a bunch of other sides for the table that did the job including the fried okra and a bucket of fries. The fries were really thick and done fantastically, and this is exactly what I want for fries. They also have a great beer menu, a couple of offerings on cask is always a welcomed addition. Really nice addition to the Philadelphia gastropub scene.Strangelove's is a totally welcome addition to the neighborhood. We had a lovely, delicious meal and great beer on a casual Saturday night. The service was friendly and attentive, and the menu is interesting with lots of things I'd love to try. The kale, faro, and beet salad was a real favorite - yum. I would have given them five stars, except that they charge extra for fries with their burgers, which I find incredibly irritating. Don't do that, Strangelove's! Despite that, we'll be going back.Oster PO Boy sandwich was very good. My wife got the seared chicken and veggies. She said that it was very good too. For desert we got the Big Ass Brownie which was killer.I went for happy hour on a Wednesday so it wasn't packed as the more popular bars like Fox and Hound, Marathon, etc. Got a seat at the bar then a booth once my friends got there with no problem. Drafts are $4 during happy hour and included an awesome craft selection! Atmosphere was casual, yet still good enough to bring a date for beers. I did not try the cocktails or food. I would def come back for beers.Totally fell into this place while walking home one day and I'm so glad I did! 
They have around 10 craft beers on tap (I believe rotating) and some pretty knowledgeable staff. Our server had answers for all of our questions regarding the food and drinks. My friend is gluten free AND vegetarian, so just imagine the amount of questions we threw at this poor guy. 
We started with Brussels sprouts, which were definitely in the top 5 I've had in Philly. For my main, I ordered the pork burger with red pepper chimichurri, red onions, and cotija cheese. You know the emoji with the heart eyes? Yeah, that's me right about now. The sandwich was large but definitely manageable with just my hands. I chose fries instead of salad (because at this point...) and had a side of sumac dressing for dipping. The sumac dressing is amazingggg. It would be great for dipping veggies and such. 
We also spent a good 2 hours here and were never rushed. This is so rare in restaurants, which I understand from a business perspective, but I'm just tryna wine and dine. 
Can't wait to come back!The service here is great. I was very happy that there are some very delicious options for vegans and I was able to bring my carnivorous friends who also had a great meal. The spinach saag (the only dish I can have being vegan and gluten free) is out of this world. 4starts because I've been there 5 times and the sometimes the dish is differentGreat beer selection. Hitachino Ginger beer was great. Limited till keg kicked. Did not eat....but beer selection worth the trip.We came for Happy Hour, enjoyed the sour plum beer and cider, and then stayed for dinner .... Food was delicious, service was incredible, and the environment was relaxing and perfect for relaxation with friends!