I've been living in this area for a couple of months and this is my favorite place to grab a quick bite. The food is very affordable, since you can get a bahn mi for $5.50, but that sandwich is also large and delicious. The pho is good, dumplings good, vermicelli good, all good! The only thing I'm not a fan of is the paper wraps, I don't like the texture much but I think that's a personal preference of mine. 
The only reason I'm giving it four instead of five is because sometimes the food takes a while, even if there's no crowd. Definitely go though, they're fantastic!
Also, $10 credit card minimum, plan accordinglyThis was my first time going here, good food for a cheap price. I almost walked past the place because the lights were so dim. I walked into the small sit down restaurant for takeout and was greeted by the friendly cashier. I had the Lemongrass Chicken Banh Mi and Shrimp Crispy Parcel. I'll definitely be back for dinner, along with a bottle of wine. Very small but very nice restaurant- I came around 7:30pm and it was a little over half full. The wait for takeout was very short- I was told 15-20 mins and I probably waited 10-15.Incredible spot. Great food and atmosphere. Wish we found it sooner! Ordered the several different bahn mi and dumplings. Perfect...and unbelievably affordable!I wish I could review the food, unfortunately I never got my order. 
Placed a take out order by phone and was told to pick up in 15-20 minutes. I arrived 20 minutes later and paid, then proceeded to wait...and wait. 
While I waited other customers were seated and began receiving food. Also while I waited I witnessed a customer walk out after being ignored by the cashier who was too busy taking phone orders. 40+ minutes after placing my order, I questioned the length of my wait, the cashier told me "There's nothing I can do about it". I then asked for an ETA on my order and was told that they would start making it and it would be a rush order. At this point I asked for a refund as it seemed like they were just starting it 45 minutes later. While I was getting my money back I saw other ignored customers walk out. There seems to be a big issue with the service.
 I was looking forward to trying the food based on other reviews but could not bear to watch other people continue to be served while my order, which had already been paid for, hadn't even been started. Disappointing.Excellent recreation of Vietnamese street food with a fancified twist. It makes me feel like I am back in Saigon, but without the fumes from the motorbikes. Have not yet tried the pho but the banh mi is excellent. If you want to try tons of different flavors without breaking the bank, give them a try.Avoid.
The little bit of meat that was in the beef vermicelli bowl was overdone.
The bahn mi was bland and the meat seemed undercooked.
I was really looking forward to visiting this restaurant. Shocked at how bad it was.
Hit up Stock (on Girard - a few blocks away) or Vietnam in Chinatown instead.Finally!  Street food at street prices in a charmingly converted row home on W Girard Ave.  It seems like a family-run business serving traditional Vietnamese items with a modern, tapas style flair.  The menu ranges in price from $2.50 to $7 for everything except the wrap-your-own summer roll platter at $15 (for 2).  The portions are on the smaller side, but it's to be expected given the price point.  This is most definitely the kind of place to share a meal with a friend & some tequila while still being kind to your wallet.  
The vermicelli bowl was my favorite.  I had the chicken version that was marinated pieces of chicken thigh (I think) over rice noodles with veggies,  spring roll, cilantro and fish sauce.  Fresh, delicious and filling, yet not heavy.  The dumpling app was served steamed with a tasty dipping sauce.  Spring rolls in the vermicelli bowl were traditional but the "net roll" version was more like crispy tempura-ish bites.  Flan was amazing.  I'm a sucker for flan though.  Full stars for the selection versus price point for quality eats.
The seating is somewhat limited with a few tables & a counter by the window downstairs.  They have a second floor too, although I'm not sure if that's open yet.  It's byob with mixers and juice for purchase.  Delivery will be up soon on Grubhub, yay.Yes!  I'd do it again.  Super small, NOT ideal for families or groups.  Perfect for a date.  Portions are small, the prices are right and the food is on point.  Sold.I love the food here! Not like I've been every place they have them in the city, but definitely be the best Pho and Bahn Mi I've had in Philly.Lunch prices for dinner portions make this place a necessity for Pho lovers and Banh Mi enthusiasts. The brisket and beef Pho isn't salty and allows the ingredients to present themselves. The tofu Banh Mi has a stellar crunch and is most definitely filling. 12 bucks for both was a steal. I'll definitely be back and I raved heavily about this BYOB establishment. Side note, there's a liquor store across Girard if you want to grab an adult beverage.Amazing food- always memorable and leaves me craving to come back! Plus who doesn't love a good BYOB spot in their neighborhood? Great prices and friendly staff.One of the best lunch spots in the area. Great prices, good portions, lots of flavors, and a super friendly and laid back staff.  The restaurant itself feels like somebody's home, which I appreciate.  I recommend the beef banh mi, and the pho is great when you're hungover.Loved it! Casual vibe, amazing prices, solid food & BYO- it's a no brainer.
Food-wise, I was partial to the pork and chive dumplings, the veggie spring rolls, edamame and the donuts. I also got the vermicelli bowl, but I think next time I'd probably load up on the appetizers instead.
Also the menu is funny. Also there is a word search on the wall in the bathroom. Also our waitress was really nice. Okay that's all.I love Street Side. The menu is created almost like a tapas place where you can order a bunch of different items and share or you can order something like Pho to enjoy individually. In an environment where almost everyone has a TV, the homey feel here allows for more camaraderie and conversation without the distraction. Perfect for a casual date place! One of the best things is that it's BYOB and across the street from a wine and spirits store.
I always order the grandma's pork and chive dumplings because they hand make everything and it reminds me of my childhood when my mom and grandma would make me dumplings. No MSG so everything tastes home made. One of my favorite places in the area. You won't go wrong.I was super stoked to see this place as a new option for lunch while at work.  Maybe I came on an "off day" , but my food was nothing impressive, at all.  The beef vermicelli was bland, overcooked and flavorless. I drowned it in fish sauce and it was still bland. Seriously, if I was blindfolded, I wouldn't have known what I was eating.   I got a side of Asian slaw, it was about an ounce of shredded cabbage and came with some type of pork rinds or something.  Yes, it was $2.50, but I wouldn't have paid .25 cents for it.  The highlight was the summer rolls.  They were fresh, nicely portioned.  
I may gave this a try again, but Thang Long or Thanh Thanh, blow this place off the map.So last night was my first time ever trying Vietnamese food and I can't believe how delicious it is, the hype is real! Friends I went with ordered so many appetizers for the table, I'm usually a picky eater when it comes to new places but everything smelled great, presentation was nice and it was all so good! The owner I believe was our waitress, its pretty small inside but very cozy, and she was soo friendly! Definitely going back soon!! Oh and BYOB!!Price, quality and the convenience of the location make this my go to place for pho in Northern Liberties.This is mind blowing. I literally ordered every vegetarian item on the menu, and each was better than the last. My favorites were the rice paper rolls and the edamame. I am so stuffed, and my boyfriend and I came out spending $19 a piece, and that INCLUDES a tip that was over 25% (well deserved for such great and quick service. Adorable atmosphere. Cool bonus is that it's a BYO directly across from a wine and spits conveniently steps from the El. Do yourself a favor and drop everything to run here now. Seriously. Why are you still even reading this right now, go.This place was great on a Friday, we got there around 6ish and we were the only ones there (people came in for take-out and quick bites around us). 
We each got dumplings and rice rolls, which were amazingly delicious and easy to eat! 
I got the beef pho and it was absolutely delicious, broth and all! The banh-mi was on delicious house-made bread and all came out super quickly.BYOB! Great service! Delicious food! I had the baked mussels, the coconut shrimp banh mi, and flan for dessert! All yummy! It's right across from the huge wine and spirit which is such a convince! I will be back for vietnamese coffee next time!As many in the neighborhood we were excited to have a vietnamese/pho serving establishment with delivery options nearby.  After two orders separated by a few months I agree with the some that the quality of food is average compared to much of what is available in South Philadelphia off Washington Ave and some of the Chinatown Vietnamese establishments. The price may seem great but the quantity of food seems to match the pricing, requiring you to order a a few more items than you'd like. 
About the food, first the Pho we ordered seemed bland and the meat not fresh (plus it was cooked, compared to many other places where it is chilled and raw for you to place in your meal). 
Vermicelli meals were small and the ingredients also seemed a bit overcooked and flavors bland.
The highlight of the menu seems to be the spring rolls  and dumplings.  They were flavorful and tasty. They are cheap but only come with 3-5 items and are smaller in size than other places.Had a few things for lunch here today (I was very hungry). The mushroom dumplings were super fresh, well prepared and I would certainly order these again. Had the muscles with cilantro oil, they were just ok.  Also had the beef vermicelli. Beef was a bit dry, and the fish sauce was very watery and not concentrated enough. However, the ingredients were very fresh and with a few minor tweaks this could  have easily been a 5 star.  Woman serving was very nice and hospitable and interior has a funky relaxed vibe. Will be back for sure!!Streetside is a causal eatery serving up anything but causal food. When they say no msg they mean it since the quality of ingredients and complexity of sauces ruin my main take out spot. Every dish we ate was amazing (but I recommend the pork dumplings). Plus it is a byob which keeps the price down. I will certainly be coming back again.Yes, I agree with the others on here.  Street Side is a nice neighborhood addition to Fishtown.  The food is tasty and reasonably priced.  The ambience is comfortable and unpretentious.  The spring rolls were crispy.   The banh mi is a nice size with a fresh taste.  And, the coconut pudding is creamy.Love this place.  Amazing food and great service. They have a great juice selection that makes it easy to make mix drinks. Highly recommend this place.Quaint and cute pho place in fishtown. Probably sits 10-15 people. It's BYOB and there's a liquor store right across the street. The staff is incredibly nice and attentive. Not a large menu, but everything is done well. We usually get the spring rolls and combo pho. Great value for portions and price. Definitely our go to spot for pho in the areaNothing special. Bread to filling ratio was way off with too much bread. It wasn't horrible but I wouldn't recommend it.StreetSide is awesome for a few reasons. Casual BYOB makes it great for date night or a friends night out. Their tapas style food is delicious and everything is home made (I think).
I'm a big fan of their pork and chive dumplings. I get it every time I'm there because it's hard to find fresh quality hand wrapped dumplings anywhere.
I'm also a big fan of their wraps. In Vietnamese food terms, it's their summer rolls. The we wrap, they do it for you and the you wrap, you can do it yourself. Maybe it's their peanut sauce that they serve with it but it's delicious. I'm a huge sucker for peanut sauce.
Their service is friendly and everything you could ask for. Overall, an awesome place.
Points for: hand wrapped dumplings (taste homemade), peanut sauce, summer rolls, service, BYOB
No negatives.This place is between two and three starts. 
Food is not bad but it is not real Pho. It's Norlibs hipster Gluten-free noodles spot. 
If you want really Pho, please go to south philly and pick any pho places on Washington Ave. 
The price is real cheap for you wallet, and the food is real light for your stomach. 
Order more things than you think you can eat.
It is the first time after eating Pho that I'm still hungry.
If you live around the neighborhood and really want Pho in 10min, go to street side. 
Just kidding, you should go to Stock (like 5 blocks away).Simple, small size, Vietnamese street fare served simply and with cheerfulness. The prices and portions are modest, so you can try a bunch of things for a little cost. This is a family-owned, run spot where the menu is smallish but the food is flavorful and quite tasty. Whether you want a light meal or a small bites style meal, where you can eat many dishes, this is a great choice. The prices are very very reasonable. Must try: edamame with spicy "crack" seasoning, vegetarian fried roll, bahn mi (shrimp and vegetarian are great, though the pork bahn mi is the more "classic" Vietnamese choice.Don't come here if you are allergic to peanuts.  No matter how many times I expressed that we had peanut allergies.  They still put peanuts on one of our orders.  Wait time was over 30 minutes.Such authentic great food ... In a charming little place with great food .... I love the menu !!! A great addition to my neighborhood on Girard .... This is a family owned Vietnamese street food place  ... Very excited they have come to my street ..... Best part is the prices ... Very reasonable ... And they have pho .... So it's a win winMehhhh...it was expensive ($18 for pho, a drink & some spring rolls) for what you get & not nearly as tasty or spicy as traditional Vietnamese places.   It just wasn't good food.  I'd rather drive over to Washington Ave for some real pho for $7.On a scale of 0-5 (worst - awesome)
Food: 4
Ambiance: 5
Drink: N/A although BYOB
Service: 5
We tried 7 or 8 different dishes and would order the cracked pepper edamame, vermicelli noodle bowl, and baked mussels (spicy) again. Dumplings, rolls, and slaw were forgettable. Looking forward to trying the coffee and donuts next time. 
UPDATE:
So I eat here all the time now. It's fairly priced. The banh mis are from tastytown.I'm going to do it, I'm going to be one of the few reviewers who isn't all googly eyed over Street Side....maybe because there isn't all that much to go crazy for except for the price. After two orders from here, one delivery and one in-house, I'm sold on this being nothing exceptional, but still a nice little addition to the neighborhood. Our first experience here was shortly after the opening, boyfriend was scrolling through Grubhub and a new Vietnamese joint had popped up. We looked at the address and were super psyched to see that it was so close to our place! ...except that they were only offering delivery, I thought that was weird...wouldn't it save them time/money if they would let people walk over to grab their order? But whatever...we placed our order and waited. Boyfriend ordered the pho and the crispy traditional parcels (more commonly known as spring rolls) and was happy with his order. The parcels were cute, like little baby egg rolls instead of the more traditional sliced roll that more closely resembles a full size egg roll. 
I wish I had been more jazzed about my order, but it was all sorts of weird. I ordered the pork belly rolls, what should have been a fancier version of a traditional spring roll with shrimp. There was next to no pork belly, it was missing the carrot and daikon, and was overly stuffed with rice noodle. At $3.50 I couldn't find myself complaining, I was just disappointed that it was missing half of its ingredients. My coconut shrimp banh mi was a little odd too. Now, I'm a lover of the traditional banh mi so when I saw coconut shrimp I was sold. Aren't coconut shrimp usually breaded in shredded coconut then baked or fried? This was a sandwich made of overcooked rubbery shrimp with no hint of coconut whatsoever. Again, disappointing.
Second time here was with a group of friends, we dined in the upstairs room where we had the space to ourselves. The decor is lacking, this is not exactly meant to be a fancy joint, but they didn't even have real cups....we drank our wine out of what looked like Fisher Price shot glasses. I wanted to give SS the benefit of the doubt with the spring rolls and so I ordered them again, this time with the shrimp. There was so little shrimp in the roll that it was like they took one and shaved it into thirds for my rolls...again, it was missing half of the fresh ingredients and instead was full of rice noodle. This time I opted for a vermicelli bowl because you can't really mess it up. I'm glad that I did because it seemed to have all of the accouterments and was a decent size for the light price tag. 
I'm sure that I will order again out of sheer convenience, but it will take a few more orders to get to a point where I can find the right mix of menu items that will yield a 5-star review from me. I already know what not to order.Love he Bahn mi. It is on the small side and light on protein, but price reflects the size and it is a fair price for the flavor and quality.The pho was very tasty, however I wish there was more meat inside of it. There was literally only 3 pieces of beef within the bowl, which was very disappointing. Based on the prior reviews it seems as if this is something that others have experienced. If your interested in just enjoying some tasty broth then this place has what your looking for.I go here regularly and the food is great! The crispy parcel rolls are my favorite and I love their banh mi's and pineapple lychee drink. My only heart break is how they are sometimes out of things but they always make up for it with great food!Love this place. While you might find other places where the food has more flair, and subtle flavors, everything here is solid and fresh, and you can't beat the prices, at least a couple dollars less if not more than you'd find at other places for the same food. The Banh Mi are good, as is the Pho. They also have a good coconut custard style desert that's worth trying.I have definitely walked past Street Side a few times and never really paid attention to what it was until recently. I was craving some Vietnamese food but didn't want to drive down to Washington Ave, got on Yelp and Street Side popped up within walking distance so off I went! Got some assorted appetizers including the beef kabobs, the edamame, and the slaw. All awesome, from there I went with the beef vermicelli and the shrimp bahn mi. Everything just hit the spot and was cheap and I just wish they delivered up the street to my apartment but I guess it's a short enough walk that I can walk down and do carry out. So psyched to have Street Side in the neighborhood, keep up the good work!Definite win! Very delicious, cheap, and a bunch of goofballs with their naming. 
We came last night and shared a bunch of goodness. Grandma's dumplings, veggie net(nest maybe?) roll, and rice paper wraps were all fantastic. Vermicelli bowls and pho were great. They didn't blow us out of the water like the tasty apps and that extra happy endings of donuts did, but well worth it. 
It's interesting to be in a house turned into a restuarant with plastic everything, but adds to the goofy awesome vibe. We'll definitely be back soon! Service was good and quick and byo....duh you need to go here.Hadd to find without the actual address. Modest front that hides a surprisingly good restaurant. Loved the You make wraps even though only I had ever done it. Very filling. Got 2 platters for 4 people. You should order the smashed cucumbers which were so good. Ditto the dumplings w chives - got 2 orders. Fried spring rolls were also on the You Make platter so silly to order them separately. Parking easy.This place is cozy, affordable, fresh, tasty, intimate, and perfect for a date. We had the mushroom dumplings, which were good, and the net rolls, which were only ok. The tofu vermicelli with peanut sauce is great. The combo pho was "good" according to my spouse. We did share a mice pot of green tea. 
The tea, lighting, and host made this cold snowy night an absolute pleasure.Work ordered us lunch today and I opted for the tofu Bahn mi which is my favorite from Fuh Wah(in west philly check it out). The hoagie was a lot bigger than I anticipated which was great since I was having a late lunch. The tofu was cooked EXACTLY how I would want it to be for this type of hoagie. 
My only complaints would be I would like a little more tofu for the tofu to veggie ratio. And there was absolutely no spice. Add some Sriracha and jalapeños to this hoagie and it would be GOLDEN. 
Will definitely eat from here again.Casual and cute little place. My friend and I stopped by for lunch and we both had a banh mi sandwich. We wanted beef but they only had pork belly, which was disappointing. But the food was good and the prices are low. For the price of the food, I was definitely not disappointed. Great little neighborhood spot. Will be back to try the pho.Best Vietnamese in the city. Literally everything on the menu is delicious, but of course the banh mi is the main attraction. Very reasonable prices, friendly people, and convenient location (right of the Girard stop on the MFL, Indego bike rack nearby, on the trolley route, etc.).Truly enjoyed our quick lunch at Street Side today.   Terrific fresh tasty food.  Friendly service and great value.  Will definitely be back.A great and much needed addition to the neighborhood. Super friendly service, BYO, and decent prices, also the food is very good and served fresh. I love the small plate idea with Vietnamese food, surprised no one thought of it sooner. I'm happy to see low carb options like lettuce bowls instead of vermicelli. The vide inside is casual and is meant to feel like a street side restaurant in Vietnam complete with small chairs and simple but practical condiments on the table. Perfect for a light lunch that won't weigh you down or give you that MSG feeling since they don't use any.The food  was absolutely fantastic.
Outstanding service outstanding quality
Beautiful staff
Highly recommend, will come again
This place is definitely traditional Vietnamese foodWow! So glad we found this place... Thank you yelp! The garlic shrimp net rolls were so good we ordered a second helping. The rolls were super crispy on the outside but the shrimp were not over cooked. The pork and chive dumplings were homemade, delicate and delicious. The beef pho was great, nice aromatic broth and the noodles were really good. Viet iced coffee was great too. Very good prices, I like that I can order lots of different items and it won't be too expensive. Will definitely be back! And I'm getting the donuts.On a scale of 0-5 (worst - awesome)
Food: 3
Ambiance: 5
Drink: N/A although BYOB
Service: 5
We tried 7 or 8 different dishes and would order the cracked pepper edamame, vermicelli noodle bowl, and baked mussels (spicy) again. Dumplings, rolls, and slaw were forgettable. Looking forward to trying the coffee and donuts next time. Very cheap however so maybe you get what you pay for :)Solid Vietnamese place with a really nice vibe - not to mention it's BYO and right across the street from the liquor store. I was really happy with the service, the waitress was super friendly and I though the food was really good. G-ma's dumplings were probably my fave, but the summer rolls and bahn mi were also tasty. 
Perfect go-to if you're looking for decent Vietnamese food in a nice atmosphere at a reasonable price.After having a few items of their menu, I realized the high rating is attributed to the price point. There are far superior Vietnamese options in Philly, sure the menu items might be a couple of dollars more at the other places however, I had a hard time getting through most of it. The beef pho was lackluster, not much flavor and the beef had been boiled and then boiled again and perhaps a third time. The roll to the bahn mi was crusty but no where near the baguette it is traditionally served on. The pork belly "we wraps," had no flavor aside from the mint leaf. The best thing I had were the mushroom dumplings. While my total bill was low, I would've rather pay the few bucks for quality food that didn't take the cheaper short cuts.I'm so happy this place opened down the street from us. The food is fresh, tasty and MSG-free! I usually get the Pho and the Coconut Shrimp Bahn Mi. So far everything we've had is wonderful!Definitely a hidden gem on girard. Get the beef bahn mi, you'll thank me later. Freaking amazingI live right near this place and even though they opened a few weeks ago, they have quickly become of my favorite restaurants in the area.  The dumplings are some of the best I've ever had and the spring rolls are fantastic.  The vermicelli noodle bowl and the pho are excellent, especially for the price.  The space itself is well decorated and always seems to be busy! I would highly recommend Street Side if you are looking for a simple and delicious place to grab a bite.Lovely little place and the owners are very nice. I got the you wrap for two and it was delicious and fun. We also got the house slaw and dumplings. the dumplings were fantastic. i got the donuts but my girlfriend ate them all... very happy this place is in the hood. yay!They offer a good basic Pho that is the perfect portion size. The energy inside is nice and service was great!Just had lunch at this cute spot with my dad and husband and had a really great experience. The menu was simple and clear -making it easy to pick a few things out. The prices were amazing- very affordable. They had a good number of vegetarian offerings which was very welcome. It's awesome that it's BYOB, too - and the interior is super cute and funky. Definitely recommend!I'm so happy this place exists! Got a chance to try it tonight for the first time and I have to say, their style and flavor is on point. Vermicelli bowl and rice paper rolls were so good. What a great addition to the neighborhood. I love the combination of a casual feel and excellent food. Everything tastes clean and fresh with no shortage of flavor. Furthermore the prices are very reasonable. I will definitely be back.It's been six months since I reviewed Street Side and I still love it. I'm obviously a regular there which says a lot about the food. I can sit down and eat quickly, eat slow or take it to go. Service is always top notch even when they're busy, especially considering it's not exactly the Four Seasons, which makes me love it even more. 
I've since tried the vermicelli, banh mi and pho. I love all of it but the banh mi is my favorite. The bread is always crispy (I think they said they buy it fresh from a bakery every morning, can't recall which one) and the meat is delicious. That being said, the beef and chicken are probably my two favorite banh mi's.Finally, a fresh, truly authentic, pho joint. Definitely the best pho I've had in North Philly. The spring rolls were perfect, and the beef broth was to die for.  Delivery was super fast. This will definitely be my go to spot from now on!This place is a five in regards to food. If you're looking for good quality Vietnamese food, this place won't let you down!! I got the shrimp and garlic dumplings and the beef and brisket Pho - Both were absolutely delicious. I can tell the dishes were homemade. For dessert, I got the pineapple sorbet and it was so yummy!! I can't wait to come back to try the coconut sorbet. The space is a little tight and the seating is a bit uncomfortable. They have mini stools as seats so I had to keep adjusting myself. Other than that, great spot!I ordered the coconut shrimp Bahn Mi and the G'ma's pork and scallion dumplings. One word DELICIOUS. The shrimp isn't fried whatever marinade they use is Amazing! 
Food was flavorful and fresh. Plus it's such a cute little place and the decor is colorful and modern.   I'll definitely be going back I want to try the tofu Bahn mi next!I think this is my new favorite place! The food was so good... Served on small plates we ordered one of everything and shared. I was very impressed, even the dessert was fantastic small sugar donuts and pudding with toasted coconut.I ate here last week with a friend who took me before heading to the PRFM- we both had not been before but he saw it on a run and wanted to try.
I like how the menu is simple and interchangeable.
The chili salt and sauce are awesome.
I had the edamame with said Viet Crack (chili salt) as well as the vermicelli bowl with tofu (they accommodated my vegan-self by omitting the fish sauce)
The inside is tiny but a lot of space to walk because I think there were only 4 tables.  Quiet and dark but not too quiet and dark.  Hard to explain so check it out yourself!
Also, byob.Love this place! Maybe it's because it's down the street from our house or maybe it's because the first time we went there I exploded a bottle of champagne all over and they only laughed at me a little bit, but the food is great and the staff is super friendly.Their five dollar lemongrass chicken vermicelli bowl is so delicious, and it's way better than the more expensive local place I go to in NJ. I won't claim to be an expert pho taster but I really liked their pho too. The dumplings are awesome. Get in here and put their food in your face and you'll be happy.Excellent, excellent,excellent pho. You get a massive flavorful bowl for a great price!You'll need to keep an eye out for this spot or you might miss it. It's cozy inside and super cute. We got a tofu bahn mi then went back for another. I could eat them forever, the bread is so good. So happy to have found this place.Loved it here! I had guarded expectations going in, as it was a Vietnamese restaurant in a hipster area.  I wasn't sure how authentic it would be. However, after eating here and enjoying the ambiance, I would have to say I thoroughly enjoyed it. Not only is the restaurant and food made by vietnamese people, the summer rolls and pho were delicious. The rice paper roll was thin and light, the beef used for the pho is good quality and the prices were really fair and affordable. It's also nice that it's a byob and the intimate lighting inside, as well as the decoration, were quite quaint. I will be coming back again.Street Side is one of my go-to places to eat. BYOB (and across the street from fine wine & spirits), great service, awesome food. I think I ended up eating here 3 times in one week. Very accommodating for vegans, the mushroom dumplings, veggie net rolls, and tofu noodle bowl are my faves. You can even call and reserve the upstairs room for large parties or birthdays.This is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants in the Philly metro that serve fresh spring rolls made to order/on demand, not the day-old rubbery crap that restaurants try to serve unsuspecting non-Viet. patrons. That tells you something - this place doesn't f*ck with freshness.
The portions are intentionally smaller. You're suppose to order a variety of items, kind of like dim sum. Try everything, and maybe something'll hit the spot. Pricing is just right - you can probably get full on less than $15.
Seating's plentiful, decor is cutesy without being tacky, and the young staff is unusually friendly (let's be real - Asian waitstaff elsewhere aren't generally warm and fuzzy, and customer service is an elusive concept).
I'm exceptionally picky with Viet. food. It had better be good or I'll call you out on it. Street Side is as legit as they come and will give any S. Philly eatery a run for its money.
Suffice to say, I love this place. It's my go-to for Viet. food in Fishtown/NoLibs, and being BYOB is the cherry on the top.Service for my takeout order was great, the cashier was helpful and courteous. The prices seem pretty unbelievable, but you get what you pay for. The summer rolls are small and 98% noodles, the shrimp version had one thin slice each of shrimp, cucumber and an herb, all the rest was rice noodles. Not even any pickled carrot shreds, as there were trace amounts of in the veg/tofu version. The vermicelli bowls suffered the same problem - barely any pickled vegetables, a few shreds of lettuce and the equivalent of maybe 3 crushed peanuts. The accompanying "fish sauce" was oily and flavorless. I enjoyed the smashed cucumber salad with raw garlic, but I'm partial to the flavor of raw garlic. It would have been better if the waxy peels of the cucumber were removed, as is it was amateurish and pretty forgettable. I'm sad, I wanted to like this place and they were very nice, but I don't think I'd order from them again. Overall the flavors I hoped for were not there and the basic ingredients were just acceptable, nothing special.Awesome. Simple, fresh, delicious - exactly as Vietnamese street food should be. This is a great visit for good food, BYOB, also small groups if you call ahead.A very nice place! Great customer service and good prices for the bahn mi.I ordered through grubhub for the first time last night because I wasn't happy with the options on uber eats. My grubhub experience wasn't great, but the level of customer service I got from the restaurant was INCREDIBLE. They made sure to call me and keep me updated even though the grubhub issues were not their fault. The food was great. Not gourmet or anything, but much better than I ever expected for the price. They even sent me a complimentary order of pork dumplings because I had to wait! I never would have ordered them on my own, but they were so good!I really wanted to like this restaurant, and I tried my best. But at best, the meal was forgettable. The dumplings were delicious. The pho was nothing to write home about. The $15 you wrap your own
 platter was a joke! 
Asked for hot tea, that cost $2.50. Will not be going back anytime soon....Really good food. I ordered most everything on the menu except for the pho. Shared with family. My fav was the pork chive dumplings. 
Server was very nice. 
Guy at the table next to us was cursing up a storm, normally I wouldn't mind but my 10 year old niece had to get out her swear jar.We came here while visiting in Paso Robles for a casual dinner. Our server Andy, was so delightful. We came back the next night with friends for dessert. They say the third time is the charm but I beg to differ. 
We came to enjoy a wonderful Christmas parade to top off a fabulous day of wine tasting. 
Contrary to our previous experiences, the hostess was sour and the service left much to be desired. I understand being busy but when the hostess has an unfriendly presence - beware. 
The food was good. Desert was amazing but we will likely not return unless we are in Andy's section. 
We sat street side. Literally. To watch the parade. Our food arrived with no utensils nor napkins. Lol. Oh well. Like I said the food was really good. Try the berry cobbler.