Outrageous birthday cake! We chose the Devils Food Cake - with vanilla buttercream icing. It was delicious beyond words! 12 adults who typically shy away from high calorie sweets - ate every last bite! The staff were super friendly & accommodating (we probably could have ordered a bit more advanced) - can't say enough positives about our experience. So glad to know I also have a location closer to me in Old City. Wish I could have another piece of that cake!!I've been a fan of this place for a long time! Their hazelnut cake is awesome, as are many of their other cakes. I was 'sent' there years ago by recommendation for this signature cake and it more than lived up to it's reputation.
Their butter cookies are awesome -  absolutely love them. I frequently stop in to get cookie gifts to give to family and friends for special occasions - always a huge hit!
I think their prices are right in line with their products. They are always consistently great.
The people that work there are wonderful - friendly and helpful!Delicious pastries and coffee!! Friendly & accommodating staff and open, bright environment. Had the butterscotch bowtie- it was big but so good I finished it all. Highly recommend.They are really great with making cakes last minute, as I can attest to! I've had a sampling of most of their cakes, and they're all delicious. A little too sweet for my personal preference, but that's not a bad flaw to have!I tried the cronuts a few weeks ago and they were bomb! Very very good. Too bad when i actually pre-ordered some they turned out to be CRAP, dried and hard. Not good at all. Wait in line for the 2 that you are able to purchase, at least they are fresh. DO NOT pre-order! As for cakes, i have not tried yet, but it is on my list!Best vanilla cupcakes ever.  Period.  Light and fluffy.  Their vanilla cake with buttercream icing is equally awesome.How this place gets so many stars I just don't know.  Devil's food cake with cheap icing and chocolate shavings does not make a great cake.  If you are in a pinch for a good cake go to the Whole Foods at 20th & Callowhill and they can generally letter up a birthday cake for you with a quickness.The hazelnut sponge cake is the best around. Def worth the price and its always fresh.They have good nonpariel cookies.I have enjoyed everything I have bought here. Everyone raves about everything I bring to family gatherings and other celebrations.Better cookies!!!  Try the Chinese "Jewish Deli" cookies.
Very good cakes - but priced a bit high.  Need 48 hours notice for large cakes.
A good place to know about for sure!Swiss Haus is my favorite bakery in Philly- all their treats are scrumptious , the coffee is excellent, and the service is consistently friendly and helpful. 
I recommend the Devils food mouse treat and the strawberry pond cake.As a child, Friday's were my favorite day of the week.  Why?  The end of then work week my mother would stop at the then named Swiss Pastry Shop and pickup delectable treats for the whole family.   This ritual greatly contributed to a happy childhood.  I have loved the hazelnut sacher cake for too many years to count and am so happy that it taste just as good to me now as it did then.  I have introduced many people to the now Swiss Haus with nary a one ever being disappointed.  I recently had one of their gluten free almond joy tarts and it was delicious.  I so look forward to summer when they make key lime tarts...wonderful!  Thank you to the owners and bakers who through this shop's transitions have kept faith with old world recipes and traditions.So maybe I'm living in denial when I tell myself and others that I am not a dessert person. Yes I love cookies and ice cream, but cakes and pies and pots of cream with crispy burnt sugar tops are not my thing. I don't crave them, I pass on them all the time...except when they are from the Swiss Pastry Shop, now the Swiss Haus. My mom knew this and we'd always get a cake from here when I would visit, whether it was my birthday (as with my 35th which is the picture above) or some other event. I don't know the exact number, but we passed many bakery on our out of the way journey to get here...if you're driving, bring a friend so you can double park and run in quickly, parking is scarce. :)
The chocolates are amazing, the Italian Cremes out of this world, but the simple Rum Cake was my favorite. Vanilla sponge cake with rum infused butter cream frosting with cashews pressed into the sides :)The cro-cremes are amazing and addictive. I haven't tried much else from the bakery, but that alone is worth returning for.Wonderful! Went two days in a row during our weekend visit to Philadelphia. We found it by dumb luck and then my daughter said, "I have to take you to my favorite bakery." It was Swiss Haus- great treats for all and excellent coffee. Friendly too!Skip the cronut! Had it and it's fine, but the real strength of Swiss Haus is that it is a good bakery in Center City. It seems the trend around CC has been specialization:  cupcake shops galore, French/Italian pastries, etc.. all  having their place, but sometimes you just want to have a real bakery as a bakery is intended:  cakes, cookies, pies.. Swiss Haus has all of these (and more) and they do them well. Their cookies are great especially if you need a last minute snack for the office - who doesn't love a box of cookies sitting on the conference table? Everybody working there is very friendly and helpful, too, and the place is clean and the display cases look great.  I highly recommend Swiss Haus if you want to get back to basics.Fantastic atmosphere and delicious food! I was in there on Saturday afternoon and helped by a very kind (and good looking!) man who was very knowledgeable and efficient.  I was a first time visitor but will definitely return.Great bakery. The hazelnut cake is fantastic! I also recommend the "cro-cremes" (cro-nut equivalents).
The staff and the owner were extremely helpful. I ordered several cakes for an event, and the owner was very accommodating to my needs.
I would definitely recommend this bakery.Really nice bakery beautiful selection friendly staff great place to sit and have a cuppa coffee and eat lots of wonderful pastries and cakesThe best bakery cookies I've ever had.  There are always a ton of options to choose from, and they are all delicious.  My favorite are the white chocolate dipped fudge cookies.  People get really excited when I show up at a party with A Swiss Haus Box.  When I show up without it, not so excited.  
I've only had their hazelnut cake by the slice and I was not at all impressed.  It was really dry.  This was back in the Swiss Pastry shop days, so maybe it's better now.  Their cupcakes are good and cheap.  I've never seen them get crazy with the flavors, but they do the basic chocolate and vanilla well. 
If you are feeling for something a bit more exotic, try the clichy.  It's pricier than the cupcakes, but oh.  Goodness.  You'll be wondering how you made it through your whole life without knowing the ganache covered, multi-layered joy that is the clichy.  
I love this place, I just really need to get over there early for doughnuts some day.  As for the service, the people who work there are just lovely.  
Man.  Now I really want a clichy.Ordered a cake for a birthday. I chose a 10" round half n' half cake which serves has about 20 servings. I ordered it about 5 days in advanced. The cake turned out perfectly and was ready when requested. It was moist, soft, and full of flavor. The buttercream was also well done--not too sweet and just right. The shaved chocolate on the sides was also a nice touch. 
They carry the 7" cakes on hand and some of the 9" as well so if that's the size you want, you can pick up right then and there. While I ordered a cake, I couldn't help but grab a chocolate peanut butter cupcake for the road. It was great. The lip of the cupcake was chewy similarly to the ends of a brownie. So good! 
The staff was also personable. They made sure to ask if I needed any help, answered any questions I had, and ensured I got what I wanted. 
They also have a counter in the window so if you grab a sweet you can eat it right there. Highly recommended bakery! I will definitely be back.I ordered the "Andy's Apple" cake as a surprise for my mother-in-law's 70th birthday and she loved it!  I went with this bakery because of all of the positive reviews, not to mention, quick service (I only ordered the cake a day prior) and was very pleasantly surprised.  My in laws are not big on sweets and they both said the cake was moist, not too sweet, and just plain delicious.  We'll definitely be ordering from here again in the future.  Thanks Swiss Haus! :)Had looked forward to going there for something yummy. Unfortunately, got the sticky bun which was very mediocre.  And at 2.99, overpriced (I guess anything is overpriced when it doesn't taste good).I got a sticky bun. It was very stale. Not good. I expected good things since it was a city bakery. Very disappointed.
Edit* after my one star, Swiss Haus reached out to me and offered me to come in and choose something on the house. I appreciate that they care enough to do that. though i won't be taking them up on the offer, kudos to them. two more stars!This place is wonderful.  If you do a special order, ask for Max.  I recently ordered a cake for my daughter's sweet 16 - Max did wonders, especially since I asked for a large cake, shaped like Tiffany & Co. boxes.  My one contingency was that I do NOT like fondant.  Max made a beautiful cake with turquoise buttercream icing (which is not easy because the icing slips).  The cake itself was the moistest chocolate cake I have ever had.Can't speak for the baked goods, but definitely some of the worse service I have ever encountered. I walked in hoping to find a cake to buy for my upcoming wedding anniversary. I was the only person in the store with two people behind the counter. Neither of them could care the least bit to help me and when I tried to ask questions, was given almost no information (ex: is that cream cheese frosting or butter cream? Answer: I really don't know, but you can buy a $5 cupcake and try it). Then one left to answer the phone and the other went to the back - in the middle of my asking another question! Suffice to say, I will not be spending my $36 on a cake at this place.This bakery makes the best cookies I've ever had.  My favorite, which I highly recommend, are the chocolate fudge dipped in white chocolate - but they sell out quickly, so go early.  They also make a great Mexican wedding cookie.  The staff is super nice and makes everything on the premises.  They also make a lot of various cakes, but I've never tried any of them - although I would not hesitate to.  Great spot!Stopped by for some ice coffee on a hot day. The staff were sooo friendly!! I made the mistake of ordering two ice coffees separately/one at a time. So the employee had to go back twice and do double the work (if you read this sorry!!) but she still kept a smile. The place isnt fancy or anything but the coffees were good!The cake was not pretty when it was delivered...The chocolate shavings all shifted to one side so it was really ugly on the other side...The cake also didn't have a cardboard-holder thingy at the bottom..so my friend had to blow the candle with the cake in the box since we couldn't take out the cake to hold easily. The chocolate plate with writing on it costed an extra $4 and broke before I even got to my friend's place. I did not shake the box. Overall, it just wasn't what I had in mine.I first met the cronut on a recent trip to Canada. When I returned to Philly and learned that there was a version in my own backyard, I was ecstatic. The Swiss Haus Bakery's crocreme is amazing...and much larger than the cronut I had previously had! I've had them for my own treat, taken them to South Carolina where they were a hit with family, and am planning to order many of them for an upcoming work event. Other items were equally good, from the chocolate chip cookies to the hazelnut cake. 
In addition to outstanding baked goods, the service is excellent! The staff was quick to greet me when I walked in the door, friendly, courteous and very helpful with custom orders. Truly outstanding experience that I'm happy to have in my own neighborhood!Everything I've gotten here has been fantastic. My favorites have been the peanut butter candy cake and some strawberry shortcake I had awhile back. A lot of their baked goods are not overly sugary, but place more emphasis on the heavy cream/flavor like I prefer. They also have a large assortment of small cookies, which I like because you can get more variety without feeling the pressure of buying huge desserts.I went to the Swiss Haus on Thursday and had, for the first time, a cronut. I've been avoiding sampling this pastry for a long time, mainly because of the calories. I finally gave in, and I'm glad I did! It was well worth five dollars. It was light, and yet it didn't leave me hungry the way other pastries often do. I felt like I was nourished with a meal(and it's a good thing, because that was my breakfast and lunch for the day combined).
I've always been a fan of this bakery. The ladies at the counter always greet me with a smile, and are very helpful. I've purchased cookies in the past to take to parties and gatherings, and they're always a big hit. Swiss Haus is a Philly landmark, and one of the best places to buy sumptuous pastries in Center City. Highly recommended.Carrot cake slice was yummy -- full of good stuff and moist.
Eclair -- didn't stand a chance once my husband got it.
Hazelnut cake -- got it for my for her 70th birthday and she and the family were thrilled.  Their mom had gotten the same cake for years (under previous owners).  The pressure was on, and Swiss Haus delivered.Strawberry short cake!  A bit painful spending $5 but it is as fresh and homemade as you can get.  Fresh whipped cream, perfect berries, moist cake.  Maybe I should try something else one of these days.  Everything looks so good and I assume it has been made with the same care and quality as the SSC.Had a wonderful experience ordering from Swiss Haus! I Ordered a cake online from Eat24.com for my husband's birthday. I love that they have small 4x4 square cakes since I needed only enough for the 2 of us. It is hard to find a bakery that makes cakes that small. I ordered the hazelnut cake and it was DELICIOUS. My husband loved it. It just melts in your mouth. The chocolate shavings were a nice and elegant touch. The cake came in a cute little box that I was able to discretely hide in the fridge. We will definitely be returning here again to try the donuts and pastries!Kinda pricey but love their carrot cake!!! AmazingExcellent cakes and friendly service. Try the hazelnut cake which is everyone's favorite.I purchased four of the small square cakes to sample as I hadn't been to Swiss Haus since Chef Jim took over in 2008.  While the quality has improved I'm still not a fan of thin slices of cake surrounded by generous amounts of sweet, fluffy icing which would be a mouse if it was thicker in consistency and probably a product that I would more enjoy.  The carrot cake was more to my liking - lots of nuts and a nice cream cheese icing.  I would imagine that the strawberry shortcake is a winner based on the style of many of their other cakes.  The service was good (friendly and helpful) - my friend and I stopped in a bit after 5p on a Wednesday.Inventive and delicious treats like the chocolate coconut tart which is basically an almond joy on crust and freaking amazing. Everytime I see a "Cronut" I have I get one as by proxy because I can't justify standing in line in NYC for hours to get an "authentic" one. So having never tasted the real thing, I can say with absolute certainty that Swiss Haus' version is incredible! The prices were high in my opinion but they obviously care about taste and quality so I feel it's not a deal breaker.Went in here for a job interview years ago..but while I was there, the owner or manager suggested I try the bread pudding and it was heaven! I saw this place pop up on my feed and had to give a shout out!Definition of awesomeness! Chinese cookies are so darn good, clichy is superb, famous mocha is unbelievable!
For custom cakery, probably the best in Philadelphia! :)Excellent cookies! (as I sit here and eat another) mmmmmmmm. Large variety. Always fresh! Love the cookies!I reserve raving about an establishment for the tops.
When it comes to quality, Swiss Haus is not to be beat.  This place has been a neighborhood fixture for over 70 years and you have to be something to survive in a place as tough as Rittenhouse Square.  I have had their cupcakes, gluten-free brownies, and their chocolate chip pound cake - which is, hands down, THE best I have ever tasted!
Their coffee, which is the ubiquitous and rather run-of-the-mill La Colombe, is fantastic (which is solely due to the way they brew it).  They let you fix your brew yourself, which gives them extra points here.
The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because I don't think the staff engages their customers enough.  Now, I know first-hand that working at a bakery is extremely high-pressured, even if you're just working the counter.  It IS retail after all, and when you're dealing with the public ...
But I feel a distance from the staff that should not exist.  I have been there several times and they don't have that umph that other people here have pointed out.
Be that as it may, I try to look past that, but can't help feeling a bit alienated by that distant attitude.  
And another slight complaint is the prices are a bit high, but it is Rittenhouse Square after all.  Hey, maybe those high prices can keep both our sweet tooth and cash flow in check.
But, despite that, I keep going back to Swiss Haus because of that pound cake - amongst many other things.I've been wanting to try this bakery for a while after seeing the incredible pictures on their website. I finally was able to stop in when I was in the city. I was pretty disappointed at how limited the selection was. Everything I asked for they claimed was at other locations or they didn't have. I opted for the carrot cake and eclair which were both yummy but nothing extraordinary.Swiss Haus Bakery came recommended by the Ritz Carlton concierge in Philadelphia. Outstanding bakery!!  We had Swiss Haus create 3 custom cakes for a family celebration dinner.  We emailed images to the bakery, selected our flavors and they delivered the cakes to the restaurant.  The cakes were all decorated perfectly and they  were delicious!  I can't wait to personally visit the bakery the next time we are visiting from New York to sample some of their other divine pastries.  If you're in need of a custom cake that not only looks beautiful but tastes amazing too look no further...stop at Swiss Haus!Do not go here. I had a Christmas party and decided to order in advance over the phone. I informed them of the headcount and described what I needed. I paid for a party tray at $55. The girl informed me over the phone it was a two tray minimum and i thought it was gonna be to much, but i ordered it with her. When I went in to pick it up, It wasn't enough for 25 people and they said there was nothing they could do and I then had to spend another $30 on a cake to feed the rest of the people they did not supply because I was stuck at that point. The food was good but there service is poor and they are misleading. I emailed them and hopefully I will hear back and they will fix this issue. I will keep you all informed. The deserts were good but not worth the money.Amazing selection of desserts. I tried the Devils food chocolate mousse cake and it was delicious. They have reasonable prices for desserts. Place to sit. They also have Apple Pay for payment.For the danish I had at least. You can tell it's a cut above the rest. The glaze was so unique. I had the apple but the cherry looked just as delighful.Shop wasn't inviting, the staff wasn't eager to please but the pastries assortment and the cakes in the glass case looked delectable.
I had a tiramisu. It looked appealing. It tasted alright. 
Wasn't moist enough. I couldn't taste espresso-ish taste in the lady fingers. It was also a tad bit too sweet. I wouldn't say it was bad it was actually quite good just that I have a lot of expectations from my tiramisus and this one did not top the charts.Swiss Haus hazelnut sponge cake has been our family's go-to birthday cake for half a century. Everyone looks forward to celebrations because they know what's coming at the end of the meal, and every now and then I even get one when it's no one's birthday. It is that good, and quite unique. Light and fluffy and extraordinarily delicious with the trademark gel icing. And you can always count on friendly service. Best birthday cake on the planet!Best strawberry shortcake in town! My family has been getting our birthday cakes here since I can remember. I even had them make my Sweet 16 birthday cake (many moons ago). Our favorite is the strawberry shortcake made with airy sponge cake and light butter cream, finished with their famous chocolate shavings on the side. They are a full bakery and their cookie case choices are always tempting. They changed owners a couple years back, but they have maintained the original recipes that I am grown to love. The people working there are patient and very friendly. Win-win in my book.This is great-probably the best cookie bakery in Philadelphia.  The cookies are a must try as are the cakes.  My only complaint is the hours-it closes too early at 6pm on weekdays for me to make it after work.  Also, it's not really a place to sit and eat, more of a grab and go place.Came in this afternoon and the lady that helped us was wonderful!! I tried the little chocolate brownie looking cookie dipped in white chocolate and it was delicious. Tasted like a brownie with lots of chocolate chips. Definitely recommend that cookie and will be coming back to get more!Good pastries. I went in for an eclair but they didn't have any that day and I got a cream puff and strawberry shortcake slice. Both were good but I felt like they had too much cream which some people like I guess.Swiss Haus offers a wide selection of baked goods, both typical and original. I enjoy their products, but they're a bit pricey.Swiss Haus is close to my office building so we ordered their famous hazlenut cake for a lovely coworker.  We ordered it on a Friday and I picked it up Monday morning.  The icing was absolutely, wonderfully fantastic...not too sweet...not too heavy...  It was 3 layers with buttercream icing on each layer.  It was heavenly.  It served 7 people and was $23...well worth it! The chocolate shavings on the outside of the cake were a perfect touch! The actual hazlenut cake was very good too...slightly on the dry side though.  It wasn't very sweet either.  I am undecided as to whether I would have liked the actual cake part sweeter but it definitely needed a little more moisture.  I AM a fan though.  I will definitely order my next cake from here.  I want to try the strawberry shortcake that they made for the Dali Lama's birthday when he came to Philly.  A pleasant find here in Philly!I go there every year for my birthday I love their cakes I can't stress enough how amazing the hazelnut cake is!!!!!!!Comfortable breakfast spot. I stayed in a hotel around the corner and enjoyed breakfast (coffee and a scone) here each morning. The coffee was fresh and there was a variety of pastry options. The staff was attentive and the the seating was plentiful.A real bakery, not just one of those places that bakes a million kinds of cookies. This place has lot so specialties and all are delicious. Be ware, once you enter the amazing smell inside the bakery will have you buying half the store.
Downside is that it is expensive. But you get what you pay for!Okay...I totally forgot about this bakery for years...and then I stumbled upon it last week while in Center City. Which was definitely nice because it was my daughter's birthday weekend and the place I normally purchased her cakes from were no longer in business. Well we went in and at first nothing caught our eye but then we saw just one square of strawberry shortcake and decided to share it. This cake was so good..the handmade whipped cream the fresh stawberries nice moist shortcake...so good..yum.,So I asked Miss daughter O mine how about this for a birthday cake and she emphatically said yes. Mind you she is super particular and funny about food so I was excited that she was excited about the cake. So I put in an order for the next day...paid $36 bucks and left. Fast forward to the next day...we picked it up...got it home and imagine our surprise when we saw that the entire cake had chocolate shavings or whatever all around the sides I mean a substantial amount of these chocolate curls.Huh?? No  one mentioned chocolate curls..shavings nothing..no one said Miss when you order a strawberry shortcake its totally different than what we make for individual servings in the bakery. The lady who originally sold us the slice asked if we ever had their strawberry shortcake before and we said no..she then said oh you both are going to love it. Hence, why wouldn't anyone mention these chocolate curls on ordered cakes..people do have allergies or some people just don't like chocolate shavings on a cake!!  Especially when you ate it for the first time it didn't have shavings all over it!!!The cake seemed dry too..it wasnt the same. So I'll just stick to the slices from now on. I'd rather spend $6.50 on a slice that Ill eat than $36 on a dry ass chocolate shaved cake that went in the garbage! SMDH!! Total waste....Oh and yes I did call ...no sorry no apologies no discount ....  just you can order it next time without shavings...and people love the shavings Grrrrr.... How would you know to order without shavings if you're not told it comes on the efffn cake????!!!!!!! And I'm not all people by any means and that especially holds true for my daughter too!! WE HATE CHOCOLATE SHA INGS ON STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE!!!! So now put that in your cake and bake it!!This place has the best cakes. The people here are so nice and I just wanna say I had a great experience today getting a birthday cake for my boyfriend!On every trip to Philly, I make sure to stop by the Swiss Haus Bakery. The hazelnut cake is a must, even if you just get a slice. Cinnamon Apple Cronut--pretty unreal. I will definitely be back for more cronuts in the future. Service is always great--fast, friendly, and helpful.Everything I have had has been great, except for the cheesecake. I ordered one and didn't realize until serving it that there's no crust on it, which is the best part. The cheesecake was also on a Styrofoam platter, meaning it was no-bake. It was a pretty cheesecake, but it was basically just filling and not creamy like it is traditionally. I feel like I spent $27 on a cheesecake I could have easily made myself. This is still my preferred bakery in the area, but I wish they would have warned me it was not a traditional cheesecake when I ordered it.Oh my goodness, they have stuffed cupcakes now.  Way to join the fancy cupcake game!  I purchased an oreo one, and the girl who sold it to me mentioned that they at one point had a Reese's one.  You should really stop in.  If you're into responsible eating, promise someone you'll split it with them before you go, because if not, you'll eat the entire gigantic thing all by yourself.  
As a side note, I've realized the reason I'm not a fan of their regular cakes is that I don't like sponge cake.  It's still good quality cake.  It's just not my thing.  When we get them at work everyone else raves about them.  This must be a fluke in my cake gene.  I love everything else here, and, clearly, their cakes are admired by all.I don't think a better cake can be made than the one I got from Swiss Haus. With all the fake icing out there, when you taste real butter cream icing, there's nothing better. The Dobash cake was delicious with moist, spongy, and not too sweet, vanilla cake and melt in your mouth chocolate butter cream icing. Yummmmm
Thank you, Swiss Haus for making me a happy customer.I didn't want to like the cronut. I didn't want it to be good. Even as I walked into this delightfully quaint cafe/bakery, I wanted it all to be a sham.
But, oh, how wrong I'd been. I wasn't prepared for this level of wrongness. These things are for real. The outer shell has a rough look, but the second I took a bite, I knew this was going to be good. Not rough, but perfect. once I bit through it, and brought the cream into the mix...well, that's when I knew. Perfect texture, not to sweet and the essence of a flavor that I won't soon forget.
Great job on duplicating these delicious things. Can't wait to have another.I'm REALLY into baked goods. I grew up in a family of bakers and I bake a lot, so my standards are pretty high. I find that a lot of bakeries overbake nearly everything, and that problem is compounded by the fact that most places let their baked goods sit for way too long before discarding or discounting them. Although I can't speak for how long things stay on the shelves at Swiss Haus, I can say that they do a good job of baking things properly. Their traditionally dry cookies and pastries are a bit on the dry side (though not in a bad way), and the things that should be moist (like brownies or cupcakes) are moist. This alone puts them ahead of 90% of the bakeries I've been to.
I also really liked that Swiss Haus has a good variety of baked goods. My personal favorite is the devil's food cupcake, and there are a lot of great cakes, cookies, and brownies. I took some stuff home to my parents in Illinois on a recent visit, and my dad went nuts over the chocolate peanut butter brownie. This would be the moist stuff, and nearly everything I've sampled has been pretty good.
On the dry end of the spectrum (and oddly enough, the baked goods almost seem to be arranged in order of moistness to dryness, from left to right), there are a number of cookies and pastries to choose from. If you don't like dry cookies, you probably won't like most of what this place has to offer. The only cookie I've eaten here that was moist was the black and white cookie, and it was pretty delicious - especially the white side. The rest are harder, like the kind of cookies someone might eat with their tea or coffee. You can get them individually, or by the pound. I'm guessing the larger cookies might be a bit softer, but I've yet to sample them all.
If you're looking for traditionally Jewish/Eastern European baked goods, you'll find a reasonable selection here. I'm not sure if it varies by when you come in, but I've seen a variety of apple pastries, hamantaschen, and rugelach in their cases. If you're vegan or gluten-free, you'll find a FEW options, but not a ton. It's a bakery, what do you expect? I'm also not sure what their procedures are in terms of avoiding cross-contamination for gluten-free items, so if you have a serious medical need to avoid gluten, you might want to call ahead. 
The only things I don't like about this place are the fact that there aren't more "fancy" cookies, especially very moist and soft ones, along with the fact that the staff is very hit or miss in terms of friendliness. Most of my experiences have been great, but there were a couple times I felt like they seriously wanted to shove all the customers out the front door. It's not that they did anything specifically unfriendly, they just seemed rushed and impatient as people were telling them what they wanted from the cases.This used to be my favorite bakery in Philadelphia...  Actually, it still is simply because I haven't found a better place (aside from Wegman's, but that doesn't count).  My family and I have been purchasing baked goods from here for decades, and we feel as though the taste, quality, and service has plummeted over the years.  I ordered a cake back in December for my dad's birthday and couldn't believe how rude the lady serving me was.
Don't get me wrong, the cakes are still good compared to other bakeries, but the service and quality just doesn't measure up to the same (or different owner?) "Swiss Haus" that I once fell in love with.I've been craving pecan pie/pastries for a while now, so when I finally had the time to visit Swiss Haus, the only bakery with good reviews that had something similar, I had high expectations. I came here on a Saturday morning at around 10:30 am got the Pecan Diamond, which is essentially a pecan bar. The staff were nice and there was barely any wait. There were a few tables inside the bakery for you to sit and eat. However, the pecan diamond was wayyyy too sweet and I couldn't even finish it. 
I was really looking forward to Swiss Haus but oh well. I probably will not be back but they seem to have a decent selection of other pastries.You're missing out if you haven't tried Swiss Haus cookies.  Not too buttery but yet not dry and with just the right amount of sweetness, these cookies are the perfect size and will leave you craving for more.  Forget about the typical, American chocolate-chip or oatmeal raisin cookie you can find everywhere else (even your local supermarket) -- these delicious treats miraculously stay fresh for days and bring me back to memories of growing up surrounded by european bakeries.  My personal favorites are the butter cookie dipped in chocolate sprinkles and the chocolate butter shell cookie. 
(TIP:  stop by and try samples of what's fresh out of the oven!  The wonderful staff at Swiss Haus are proud and happy to share the fruits of their daily, baking labor.)
- pinkposyWow- we bought the vanilla cake for a co-worker's party and it was crazy good! The buttercream and white vanilla combo melt in your mouth and the cake so is light!
The only downside is it tastes so good you won't be able to stop eating it!
Also- it kept perfect in the fridge overnight and tasted just the same the next day. 
I highly recommend Swiss Haus!!!This cool bakery is located on 19th street right in the heart of the business part of Center City.  I walked past this place a bunch of time and I'm glad this time I went inside.
They offer a choice of 2 gluten free soups which smelled tasty.
There are many cases of small cookies, larger cookies, black and white cookies, tiramisu, cheesecakes, cakes and a bunch of different items I plan to sample at a later date.  Tons of beautiful cakes.
I spent $10 on a box of various cookies to give away (#40acts) and it filled up the small box.  I got a few chocolate chip walnut and chocolate sprinkle cookies for myself to sample.
I'm glad I got myself some because they were so tasty and fresh.    
The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I had at least 3 people ask if they can help me.  The young lady that assisted me was kind enough to make sure I wanted cookies with nuts in my random selection.
I hope the cookie gift is as tasty as the 4 cookies I ate myself  :) 
It looks like you can order ahead but I didn't use that option. 
I'll definitely be back.I fell in love with this place a few years ago and I'm glad to say that I still love their amazing baked goods! My favorite are the lemon bars! (I would run over there now for one if they were open!) Its nice to have a great bakery down here in center city! Everything is baked fresh which I love, and the staff here are always helpful and friendly!I have tried numerous bakeries in and around Philadelphia.  This one ranks up with the top ones.  Great strawberry wheel, coconut lime tart, maple walnut diamond. and so on...
If you find your way on 19th street between Market & Chestnut - stop by as there will probably be a treat for you.What a great find! We we're shopping in Center City and walked by Swiss Haus.  What an incredible selection of fresh baked goods!  The Cronut was delicious as were the butter cookies.  Wish we had a Swiss Haus like this in Southern California.In my recent Panera review, I say, "Oh, and if I want something that's a thousand times better than a bear claw, I will go to Swiss Haus Bakery in Center City where they have a delicious almond croissant filled with a huge helping of wonderful almond cream."
Swiss Haus is my go-to place for a wonderful sweet treat. I absolutely love their pecan diamonds (basically pecan pie bars), raspberry walnut croissants, almond cream croissants, apricot/raspberry twists, and their cookies. They tend to be a little pricey, but it's quality comfort dessert food, so it's worth it. The ladies working behind the counter, owner Jim, and head chef Donna are always nice.
I recently tried their vanilla cronut. I had always been hesitant on getting it because it's $5 and for $4 I could get one of their other wonderful desserts, but I took a chance and I'm glad I did. I had had one other cronut from the now defunct Crumbs bake shop in Rittenhouse Square. I can see why that shop closed. Their cronut was hard and terrible. I don't like kicking something when it's down, but it was such a crappy cronut and I discovered that the place was closed a week later that I didn't bother writing a scathing review for it. To think that Crumbs started in my hometown, too! Blasphemy. Anyways, Swiss Haus' cronut was the complete opposite. The layers were flaky and soft and the outer part crisped perfection. I love the powdered cinnamon and the small amount of vanilla cream on top. Mine could've used a little more custard filling, but what custard I got was a perfect complement to the layers. The entire $5 experience of a Swiss Haus cronut was basically lunch for me. It's a very filling pastry! Try it, try it, try it. You must. Maybe a suggestion for future cronuts... a raspberry filling... mmmm!!!!My friends and I always had a birthday cake tradition to get Strawberry Shortcake from Tiffany's Bakery. We wanted to explore outside the world of Tiffany's and see what other places had to offer. We were searching for something different, and perhaps, better. Swiss Haus was our first stop.
Personally, I'm not a big fan of sponge cake, so I was a bit skeptical. They have a variety of tasty-looking cakes, but we wanted to play it safe and ordered their best-seller, Hazelnut cake (which consisted of three layers with vanilla buttercream and covered in chocolate shavings). The cost of the smallest size is $21.
The first bite changed my mind about sponge cake... it wasn't bad at all. It was quite good, but not mind-blowing. I'll definitely be back to try something else, particularly their Chocolate Raspberry Torte I was drooling over looking at the picture on their website.Got a birthday cake here and was one of her best I've ever had. Rum cake. 
Work nearby and frequently pop in for a sweet treat. Their butter cookies and chocolate chippers are delicious! 
Staff is always so friendly and helpful. 
Truly a gem bakery in Philly where you will not be disappointed.I got a Groupon for this bakery and decided to try it out. I'm a total sugar and chocolate addict and always looking for a great bakery, something other than the thousand Italian bakeries that seem to abound in the Philly area. 
I bought 4 items on my first trip (and all within the limits of my $10 Groupon!)  I got a specialty pastry called a "marjolaine,"  a chocolate/chocolate cupcake, a hazelnut cake slice, and a complimentary double chocolate brownie-cookie drop with vanilla glaze (because I actually came a little under the $10 and they wanted to make up for it.)  Very friendly service from the one woman I dealt with on a Thursday afternoon.
I ate the cookie first. Very "meh." It was dry except for the embedded chocolate chips. You can make much better at home using the Baker's Chocolate Drops recipe found on the back of their unsweetened baking chocolate, very easy to do, just add a generic confectioners glaze.
Next I tried their specialty marjolaine, priced at $4.99, so I expected it to be good. This is a four layer hazelnut meringue filled with hazelnut and chocolate cream, a bit of jam, and covered with a chocolate glaze. Again, I was underwhelmed and had a hard time pinpointing why. Ultimately, I found it to be too rich and too sweet (half a slice made me sick to my stomach) but without a whole lot of actual flavor. The chocolate glaze quality was pretty good though. 
Next I tried the cupcake. And I found myself asking, what do the following have in common:
1. Sahara
2. Mohave
3. Death Valley
4. This cupcake
You guessed it - dry dry dry! And the frosting was airy nothingness. I threw part of it away. Why do people bother to make cupcakes that aren't moist yumminess? If you want cupcakes, go to Brown Betty. End of story.
Finally, the hazelnut cake square. Again, a lot of airy sweet nothingness, very unsatisfying. (In fact, the bakery box, when it held just the cupcake and cake square, weighed almost nothing. The marjolaine was the only hefty pastry.)
This place reminds me of many of the local Italian bakeries, because their cakes tend to be a lot of airy sweetness as well. I was hoping for something different given the "Swiss" designation.  No such luck. I won't be coming back.