Very cute cafe! 
Ordered: chicken wings, hot black milk tea, strawberry mousse
The chicken wings had a hint of maybe honey? Something sweet glazed and was perfect. Black milk tea was ordered hot and could have been a tiny bit more hot but was perfect mixture. Really liked the strawberry mousse. Came here for a quick snack and just passing by. Just here for the week and don't live here. 
+all were very nicely balanced no overpowering tastes or ingredients in any of the items ordered
+cute environment 
+large variety on menu
+looks like a great reading spot as well since they have egg hammock style near the window
-only one table with hammock so may not be available when you get hereLove everything about this place from the coffees to the cakes. This cafe has a warm atmosphere where I can just relax. The staffs are very nice. I would go back again.Nice new place for bubble tea. Thai tea is my thing. Deserts here are great. I get to taste my favorites here. Nothing like this in Chinatown with deserts. Not that I know of. 
Don't read too much. Try it to believe it. Everyone have their own preference and this place is great with mine. 
Try a couple things from their menu before writing a review. 
Something wrong with yelp. Removed my first long review. Sigh...Thanks. At least my videos and pictures still here.Came here on a whim for my wife's birthday. The matcha earl grey mousse was fantastic. Now my wife wants a birthday cake made out of match earl grey! The coffee and tea is great and the overall vibe is clean and calm and welcoming.Convenient, delicious, bubble tea in Old City, with reasonable amount of seating and nice customer service. It's definitely filling a gap:) (and obviously they have more than boba, but that's all I'm interested in).This cafe is really cute. And close to pennslanding, which is convenient for public transportation. Parking will definitely be harder but nice location. Plenty to do around there. I got the matcha green tea which was really good. Strong matcha taste and not too sweet which pairs perfectly with their desserts. I got the egg pudding which was so freaking good. Price is very reasonable. Egg pudding was 3.5. Also got tiramisu, didnt taste that great but reasonable price for it's size. Cost $5.50. Decor was really adorable. Lighting was a little off but workable. I definitely recommend this cafe and will go back to try more desserts on their menu. Had a wide range of drinks but only small portion of desserts. Hoping they'll have more variety as their business grows.Amazing place and great vibe.  Enjoyed the dessert I think since they are new I am excited to see more things that they cook up!Nice cafe on a quieter section of Chestnut st. They have a good selection of teas and bubbles teas. I'm not sure if it ever gets crowded but I've gone on Sunday mornings and it was very quiet. Good study spot too!The price was really reasonable and not overpriced. The enviornment was cozy! The staff was super friendly and welcoming! The cakes was delicous too and so was the teas. Me and my friend got the matcha earl gray, thai tea, milk tea, lava cake, and wings totally recommend this place! It just open too so please everyone come and support!! Go T-cafeLovely cafe with delicious coffee! Wayyyyy better than some places near by! Very relaxing place to hang out and a great variety of tea and coffee. Will go back soon!This cafe is the perfect place to study or get some work done. I went on a Friday evening with 2 friends and ended up spending 3 hours here. We ordered 2 matcha lattes, and one cherry blossom latte as well as a strawberry roll. The service was great and the lattes were good but the strawberry roll was average. The strawberries in the roll tasted a bit old, but the overall experience was great. I will be back sometime soon!This place is worth trying. I'm coming from Jersey for work I had a little time so I came in to try out the bubble tea. They had something I've never tried before the popping boba. Sounds interesting but it's worth a try.  They got plenty of stuff so there should be something you might never had before. I got the Green Apple Green Tea and it was amazing.The cafe has nice atmosphere. It seems you need to reserved their special matcha lava cake. Strawberry cream cake is nothing too special. Matcha mousse is really nice.Great desserts and presentation! Friendly staff.  Cool hanging chair.  All different types of teas and coffee. Very enjoyableSuper yummy egg pudding at T Cafe! I loved the taste - indeed very eggy but also kind of reminds me of milk tea for some reason. The crispies are also a good texture contrast to the pudding. Also, the pudding isn't as creamy as traditional pudding, it's a little firmer and almost borders a jello like texture, not quite melty mush in your mouth. I like it though! Would def return for this dessert and to try other desserts. 
As for the matcha latte I tried in the background... hard pass. For some reason mine tasted sour and the matcha felt quite chalky. I prefer a la mousse's matcha items. Maybe their other drinks are better? Not sure might try something else next time to really test it. But this pudding was spot on and tasty enough for me to come backThis place is not bad to hang out at. Almost like a Starbucks cafe and the environment better. Server has customer service and food taste delicious.I gotta say I love the warm atmosphere in here. On the Friday night, me and my girlfriend were looking for a place for desserts after dinner. While we browsed on yelp, we found this new place and decided to try something new. When we looked at the menu, we had no idea what should order since everything looks delicious! All of the desserts looked really "Instagram-worthy!" We were so glad that the cashier explained the menu so well with patience. Btw, the Tiramisu is my favorite!  All the drinks were really good! I got the milk foam rose tea and I loved it! My girlfriend's drink were also really good.Came in within the last hour before they close and I would say their dessert are not that bad. Really good and that too sweet. A little pricy but I guess you paying for the atmosphere. Would be a five star if only the latte was a little bit more hot and sweeter. Had the coffee latte and to my taste it was a little bitter.Delicious coffee and pastries that aren't overpoweringly sweet. The place seemed like A la mousse but with a nicer and trendier ambiance. The staff was very accommodating for our party of 8 and even made recommendations on what to order. Definitely a place we will be returning to!Found this place while exploring Philadelphia. We're very picky with our boba and this place was perfect! Avocado smoothie was GREAT and tasted very fresh. Black milk tea was good too. Wish they had more milk tea options! But great place definitely recommend!Great latte! And the matcha puff was delicious and served on an adorable plate. Def worth the visit.This place is beautifully renovated and clean! The guy was ver nice and the place was not as busy. (Tuesday afternoon). My friend and I got the art lattes and we both shared the strawberry vanilla moose. I'm giving this place 4 stars because the latte was not great. It tasted like hot milk with flavorless matcha on top. The moose tasted very well.2 words. Hammock chairs!! Located on chestnut and front street, this newly opened cafe is an amazing spot to work or relax. They offer a variety of matcha lattes (from regular to coconut to red bean), bubble tea, coffee, and desserts. We tried the matcha coconut latte and passion fruit green tea. The latte was perfect!! Just the right amount of sweetness with a hint of coconut, no one flavor was too overpowering. The passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly was...underwhelming. Too sweet with syrupy artificial lychee jelly. We also ordered the mango pudding which was ok. It came with some fresh mango cubes which was a plus. But otherwise it was nothing amazing. Menu was slightly pricey but comparable to other similar places.
Overall: Great ambiance and location, comfy chairs, outlets available for most tables, and great matcha lattes. I will definitely be back to try the other options on the menu!!This is probably my favorite cafe in the town. Definitely recommended and come back The servers are friendly and helpful.I really love the dried flower decoration, and they are sooo pretty! If the manager can see this review, I really would like to know where did you get them, the waitress said they were from China. And I really would love to know which store it is in China. 
The tea and matcha coffee are amazing too, the dessert is not sweet as traditional American style and I love them all! The green tea puff is amazing! I love this place sooo much!I stopped by on a weekend afternoon to get some work done with friends.
The cafe itself is very cutely decorated. It's cozy and intimate, provides plenty of seating ranging from booths, small tables, bar stool seating, and one set of comfy hanging chairs. Music was not overwhelming and the 2 individual bathrooms were super clean and spacious. 
The drinks and food were ok. A bit overpriced for the quality -- drinks were not bad and the pastries were simply too average in taste/quality and small in portion for the high price they charge. 
Overall, great place for studying or work since it's on the quieter side located on the very edge of Chestnut street. Not too great if you're looking to enjoy a dessert drink or pastry -- there's definitely better quality offered elsewhere for that.Desserts there are mediocre. Prices can be a bit high. You're really just paying for the experience. It's a nice place to go and take pictures really. I do like the interior of the place. They should have more hanging swing chairs though, I believe one isn't enough!I love the desserts, tea and smoothies here! I came here for my birthday after dinner for a lovely matcha dessert and tea. The desserts are absolutely beautiful and delicious. I sat in hanging swings by the window. 
It's a newer place and it's doing well. It's a nice place to study with a iced tea or coffee. It's a cute date place too! 
I love the Totoro decorations inside. The staff is friendly and I really enjoy the whole experience!Super cute cafe and nice presentation around old city area, but the food and the bubble tea just ok.THE COFFEE HERE IS AMAZING. It was just the perfect blend of bitter and sweet. I absolutely loved the whole vibe of the cafe. This place is really great to just come chill and even hang out by yourself. In two words its a HAPPY PLACE.I would definitely eat here again. From the coffee to the desert to the passion fruit tea with Boba it was great. The staff was very nice and it was very clean.  Only drawback on the more expensive side but you get what you pay for.My mother in law ordered a chocolate mousse cake from here and it was delicious! Just the right amount of sweetness with a slight hint of bitter chocolate.This is a newly opened coffee/ dessert place in old city. Located near lots of yummy eateries and bars this is a perfect spot to get sugar fix ^__^   if you have  a sweet tooth then come on by! The interior is very cozy and the music isn't very loud so it's great to get work done. Might I addd that it's perfect for a date spot. 
I ordered the latte and then I also got the americano. Very very good coffee bean selection. We also tried the dessert (picture attached). Very soft matcha consistency 5 stars! They have a huge menu. There are other coffee options as well as bubble tea. Overall awesome placeWe stopped by for the grand opening. Tried out their Thai Iced Tea & Matcha Latte. Both were excellent!! Staff was very friendly and helpful. The cafe was clean & modern. Definitely coming back!!The owner is loved and so nice, highly recommend the latte drinks and matcha lava cake (must try), remember limited quantity daily~~ definitely will be back next time visiting Philly~~5 stars for real matcha tasting boba. Flavor is on point and desserts are really a dream for anyone with a sweet tooth. Great staff and even better atmosphere.Lovely cafe - the crepes are really tasty and the fruit is always fresh. Staff are friendly.Plus plus plus for everything. We had thai iced tea, mango smoothie, macaroon and mango.lychee mouse ... superdelicious. Decor is trendy and calming. Staff is friendly and gave all the infoCute cafe in Old City right by the river! Came across this place on their Grand Opening weekend and I'm glad I came in. They have an assortment of bubble tea, coffee, desserts (egg pudding, mango pudding, tiramisu, lava cake, macarons), as well as other food. The interior is spacious and clean, featuring two bird cage seats right by the window. Good music and friendly workers accompany your food and is definitely worth it if you're in the area.T cafe is just amazing. Really pleasant service with a great ambience. Workers are really welcoming. They're accommodating, respectful and always on their game. Every single thing I've tried so far has been great. Overall, I love this place. Highly recommend T cafe.When we arrived in Philly, we were in desperate need for a restroom. We stopped here and got raspberry mousse which was pretty good. It wasn't too sweet, which is nice. The pastries were so cute, and the atmosphere is neat and inviting. I got good vibes from T CafeWe came in on July 4th because we were having lunch close by and on their window they are advertising a July 4th special with a medium drink and a mousse cake for $9.00. once we came in, the girl at the registry said she knows nothing about the special that is posted on the window. Bait and switch?!  That explains why we are the only ones inside the store while all other restaurants around this area are buzzing. Wonder how long they are going to lastDidn't have a chance to try anything other than a latte when I was here, but I was pretty impressed overall. I'm not a huge fan of overly sweet drinks, so I was pretty happy that the green tea matcha latte was just the right level. 
The cafe itself is actually a lot roomier than I imagined; definitely a good spot to post up and do some work if you're in the area.Came here for the matcha lava cake. But they ran out of the 6-in and I didn't want to buy a 8-in... so we tried something else...
The cream puff was something new to try. The filling tastes really good. The mousse was also great.
The two drinks were okay for me... both are too sweet...
The girl at the register was really nice and helpful!!This is the best dessert place in Philly in my opinion!! The owner was super nice and it's such a cute cafe. The Matcha Lava cake is a MUST for Matcha lovers. You have to try this place!!!Had this place bookmarked on here but never took the initiative to actually go..until we came across it on a whim. It's smaller inside than it looks, also kinda dark and there's only two swing chairs, that we sadly did not get to try because of a couple who were hogging it (they should put a time limit on it lol). The aesthetic is cute though, kind of like a garden theme. Okay playlist, you would love it if you were an Ariana Grande fan because that's all they played. 
Buyer beware! -- The prices are kinda expensive for some desserts, as we paid almost $30 for three desserts and a Thai tea, but it's a nice place to just check out if you're in the area. Nothing that Philly's Chinatown doesn't have.Honestly, I'm surprised by the quality of food and drinks here. I wasn't expecting much coming in. I had an avocado smoothie  made with fresh avocado and condensed milk. The green tea Millie crepe was very good. I was craving for some, but A La Mousse always run out. So I'm glad they have it here and was tasty. I wonder who made it. I will totally come here more often.I absolutely loved T cafe! Definitely one of my favorite cafes. The price was right, the environment was cozy, and the food & drinks were amazing. The staff was really friendly too. Definitely try to sit on the swinging chairs, they are super comfy and made my T cafe experience 10x better!!! I tried the Earl Grey Matcha Mousse, the Lava Cake, and the Black Milk Tea. I really enjoyed the Earl Grey Mousse part of the Early Grey Matcha Mousse. The Lava Cake was probably my favorite though because it wasn't too sweet or overwhelming. The black tea was absolutely great too! T cafe is definitely my new favorite go to cafe!T cafe never fails to amaze. Today we got a custom birthday cake. I will say the flavor is quite subtle. I think it could do with a little more sugar in the cake and the icing. However, if you don't have a sweet tooth but want a cake, this is great for you. We choose the pink ombré icing, plain vanilla cream, vanilla cake, and fresh strawberries. On top we're fruit, candy, and waffle cones filled with two different flavored creams: mango and red tea. 
Although the price is quite steep at $55 the packaging and beauty of this cake is well worth it if you want to go for a show stopper. 
I've also tried their crepe cakes here and they are really delicious. My favorite is the mango, but the matcha is great as well. Those are $11 each but they are pure heaven.Tried their hot chocolate and coconut milk tea with boba yesterday. Didn't particularly like either of those especially the hot chocolate. It was extremely watery and cloyingly sweet. Might update this review after trying some of their other lattes (like matcha or red bean) but only once they start serving in proper ceramic mugs (they are currently serving in to-go cups because of covid). I hate drinking anything out of to-go cups, they not only ruin the whole experience but I feel like they affect the taste of the drink as well - for the worse.The cafe has a cute concept however the drinks were not on par with the aesthetic feeling of the cafe. We came as a group of 4 and 2 of us ordered 2 different matcha latte drinks (red bean and cappuccino) both tasted exactly the same and had a pungent smell to them. We were not impressed with the drinks and would not recommend this cafe. Drinks were an average $4-5 per cup and the latte art was foamy and looked like a blob of milk foam on top of the latte and just smelled like low grade matcha.
The employees, when ordering, were confused and did not know what they were doing and had to consult another co-worker in the back. This is alarming because the week we went was part of  their grand opening. 
When our drinks were ready, although there were a bunch of them standing around the counter, they did not bring our drinks to our table. Instead they left the drinks at the counter while they stood there chatting amongst each other. We left pretty disappointed because we drove out to Old City to try this new cafe and did not even finish our drinks and left thirsty.Super cute cafe with nice decor and a great selection of hot lattes. Went with a couple of friends - 2 of us got the matcha lattes. The matcha lattes were large and had such a cute design on top. Got the earl grey matcha mousse cake which was pretty decent, but probably not worth the $6.25. Their desserts (which have no price tags on them) seem a bit too pricey for what it is - both size, flavor and presentation. They also ran out of the black milk tea which seems like it would be a staple for a place like T cafe...also their tags that label everything are just on a piece of paper with marker which is a bit unappealing to the decor of the place. Other than that, would probably come back to the cafe for the drinks and a nice study environment (unsure of wifi availability).The strawberry smoothie was ELITE. I'd make sweet passionate love to it. I'd start a family with it and build it a home with my bare hands. Highly recommendThis place was more spacious than i thought it would be! I like how it's not that crowded and it's a very cute place to go to in Old City, away from the crowded Chinatown. The desserts and drinks are a bit overpriced but they're still pretty good! They weren't overly sweet which I really liked.Stumbled across this place on the way to the airport and I am so happy I did! The women behind the counter are so sweet and instantly boosted my mood also BEST coconut black milk tea I've ever had. 10/10 would recommendI've actually be waiting awhile to come here but it didn't live up to my expectations... the place and service were great but.. the desserts weren't that amazing. 
It's definitely a cute place with lots of room. I loved the swinging chairs (we waited around a bit till the couple sitting on them left so we could swing... hehe...) 
The hazelnut & strawberry mousse cakes were both okay. I guess they're really more for "the pics."Stumbled on T Cafe with my partner right after watching a movie at the nearby Ritz looking for dessert! This place is such a cute little cafe in Old City which set my expectations high, but the desserts kinda fell flat.
We ordered a Mango Nutella Crepe and Bacon Corn Crepe which were an average about $7 each. Both were okay, but were just lacking in flavor and volume for the price. I have had paid for crepes at that price before and received portions that were 3x the size of the one we ate.
With that said, the place was still super cute! If you can, definitely sit in the swinging chairs near the windows and maybe it will make up for the fact that the crepes weren't amazing and there was a lack of heating.
Just an FYI this place does not compare to Chinatown's level of dessert quality~~The worst. Their service is terrible and the drinks we got were pretty bad too. We repeated our order 3 times, because they kept getting it wrong. They still made my drink wrong and when I asked them, their reply was  "No, you didn't ask for that". No, they couldn't charge me extra and give me what I wanted, they had to tell the customer that they were were wrong and they were to lazy to add an extra ingredient to their customer's drink. My husband ordered hot tea - he got something that was lukewarm at best. Ruined my evening. Go to Tea-Do or Mr. Wish insteadFirst time ever giving a one star review. We ordered taro milk tea, mocha frappe, and chocolate pyramid dessert. Total $18. Very disappointed with each one. Sadly, could not really enjoy at all or even finish any of them since none tasted good. And all of them tasting kinda bad is the unfortunate reason for the one star (sorry). Just to warn that based on this, we don't feel comfortable coming back or trying anything else and to tell you that it may not be worth your time and money to try it either. Maybe some of their items are actually good (I doubt it?), check other reviews to see what others recommend if you still want to try it out.  Other notes are: Very cute interior of the restaurant. Nice but slow service, but only one person taking orders and making orders. 
For milk teas I highly recommend Mr. Deer the Camp's brown sugar deerioca series in Philly's China Town.