this bread is, hands-down, the most delicious gluten-free bread i've ever had. it is so close to "the real thing" that people who aren't gluten intolerant enjoy it. my favorite bread is the quinoa loaf followed by the teff loaf. the bread loaves are decently priced at around 7 usd.  compared to the frozen tasteless, textureless gluten free breads stocked in local stores at similar prices, you'd be crazy to buy your bread from any place other than taffets. 
in addition to bread, the store carries desserts and prepackaged pastas/shelf-stable products.  the proprietors/proprietress of the place are super nice and very helpful. they obviously take great pride in their work, and i am appreciative of that since i've been able to enjoy bread that reminds me of the stuff i grew up on. 
nota bene: the bread freezes nicely.The quinoa loaf is a delicious gluten-free option that will satify any bread lover.  Seriously.  It's moist, soft, and flavorful.  Try it with chicken salad made with walnuts and craisins.  It's absolutely yummy and pairs well with the creaminess of the salad.I was beyond excited to stumble upon a place completely dedicated to being gluten free! Stopped in for some bagels- which were good and fairly priced! I also grabbed a baguette, it was delicious and I would definitely recommend getting one of those! There were a whole variety of items to choose from - fresh, frozen, and boxed. A really great and exciting find!I am not gluten-free, nor do I really care.  My roommate randomly bought some of their gluten free french bread and I tried some...holyshit!  It's better than regular bread!  It's so moist and just DELICIOUS.I love that Taffets gluten free bakery exists and just wish it were better, or that there were some competition. They have a few products we like quite a bit but most everything would benefit greatly, in IMHO, with half the salt salt if not less, leading me to wonder if the baker owner is a smoker or just has a heavy hand. As a result I buy far less than I otherwise would and tend to stick to just a couple of items at most to have something in my freezer besides Udi's Whole Grain sandwich bread, which is good but rather ordinary. 
Most disappointing is the saltiness of their challah, which would be so good if it weren't so salt laden. I also think they would benefit from better customer service to make you feel like (a) there is awareness of your presence and (b) that they have interest in your business--customer service 101.Hands down best gluten-free bread I've ever had.Big fan of this place. I love both their quinoa and teff loaves and the baguettes are great too. I have only tried a few of the sweeter offerings but so far, so good!  What I am most thankful for when it comes to Taffets is distribution to other businesses. It's so great to pick up a loaf with my groceries at Weavers Way or enjoy an incredible sandwich at Paesano's. They not only make great bread, they make living gluten free easier and more enjoyable across Philadelphia:)Everything I've had here is amazing! I'm not a celiac but I frequent Taffets as often as I can. The baguettes and cookies are the best EVER. Also, the couple who own the place are super sweet!Very nice guy owns/runs this place, but frankly the bagels & bread I've tried here are just not very good. These days to be gluten free, doesn't necessarily mean you must give up flavor and texture in bread. Certainly edible, but I think they need to update their recipes.Delicious oatmeal raisin cookies - and I'm not even gluten free. I went with a friend who is and she loved them too!Love that there is a gluten free bakery in the heart of the Italian Market!! I loved the fresh bagels and biscotti. The soft pretzel didn't last five minutes out of the store! The staff was friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back and stock up on the rest of their products (including frozen ones) to last me a while!Taffets is amazing and I was so lucky to have it so close to me! As a celiac, it's so wonderful to have a dedicated gluten free bakery where I don't have to worry about cross contamination. The everything bagels are legit and the carrot cake is scrumptious!I Only stopped in for a quick cup of coffee which was really delicious and indivisually brewed in front of you by the way. Took a liitle long but it was worth the wait. All the baked items looked great and I am pretty sure the whole store was gluten free which is an awesome thing to have now a days. I would come back here for sure to try out some of their goods.Bought fresh gluten free Kaiser rolls for a friends bday party where someone had a gluten allergy. Delicious, and very helpful serviceWe found out about the gluten free pretzels and made a special trip from DC. The bakery did not disappoint. Particularly heavenly was the baguette! Wow! I've had to go gluten free for 10 years now and only today did I taste a bread that didn't in ANY way give itself away as being GF. 
We'll be getting these items shipped to DC in the future. 
Also, the staff was super friendly. 
QFor about six months I went on a "gluten-free weekdays" diet with making minimal substitutes. The symptoms that led me to make this change improved dramatically, but my cravings for bread and cookies...not so much. The reason I didn't allow substitutes was because I'd heard many gluten-free breads have other ingredients, such as potato starch and various additives, that can also irritate sensitive stomachs like mine. This is not an issue with Taffets because many of the preservative-free baked items are made without potato starch, including the baguettes and cookies. I am really looking forward to a more enjoyable and gluttonous next six months of gluten-free weekdays! :DFriendly, helpful, and delicious! The gentlemen here greet you once you walk and the door and make sure to assist you with whatever you are looking for without being pushy.
They have lots of fresh breads, a few desserts but they can specially make cakes.
I bought 2 baguettes for $5.50 (frozen) and a couple baked goods at $4 each. They supply some of the local coffee shops too!I must stop by here every time I'm in town. And insist that people bring me something back!I moved from NYC to Philly and I must say that this bakery has made me so happy and definitely helped ease the transition. I have never tasted GF stuff that tasted SO GOOD. Seriously, I couldn't believe that the bread actually tasted like bread and not cardboard like most GF stuff does. The cookies are AMAZING and the bagels look like they are flat and dry but they are really soft and chewy. I LOVE THIS PLACE.This place is amazing! Gluten-free baguettes with a light, fluffy texture and a crisp, crunchy crust? Yes, it is true! The oatmeal raisin cookies are to-die-for -- this place is definitely worth the trip. Best gluten-free bakery I've ever encountered!May be the best gluten free food I have ever had. Ever. The chocolate chip cookie that I had was unbelievably delicious. The kaiser roll was fantastic as well. Definitely a place to go if you are gluten free.A very good, pure foods, gluten free bakery that uses creative alternative grains (and doesn't rely as much on rice flour and corn starch as mainstream GF products do too often).  Great variety of choices of their own fresh (or frozen) breads (from Teff flour or other flours), rolls, hamburger bun (stands up to very juicy burgers), pizza crust, sour dough (a slightly strange taste, but nice texture); biscotti (not quite as hard as regular biscotti, prefer their cherry walnut version to whatever their newer one is), chocolate chip cookies (soft and stay fresh for days -- packs of 6); and they also sell some packaged products like pastas.
Just a block North of Washington Avenue, in heart of 9th Street Market.  A stop here is worthwhile, then visit nearby spice, cheese, meat, and produce shops.  There are a lot of unmitigated schlock shops on 9th street, but a lot of treasures as well.
More and more restaurants and coffee shops around town are starting to carry one or more of their products to meet the growing gluten free demand. (Thank you, Miles' Table, for supplying Taffet's excellent GF burger bun for your breakfast sandwiches and creative burgers!)
The earlier in the day you go, the greater your selection of fresh baked goods.  But many stalwarts are available frozen -- which is fine because most go straight into my freezer to be defrosted as needed throughout the week, for use at home or to warm up, wrap in foil and carry to street fests, restaurants, etc. where GF breads may be hard to come by and delectable opportunities missed if not for supplying our own.  I also carry several of Taffet's business cards to pass along to places that have not embraced wheat-free options yet, and tell them how easy to achieve with an outside purveyor (from a clean-prep kitchen).  Even with low demand, they can have on hand in freezer or lose patrons to places that do accommodate gluten free diners.
12% or more of US households bought gluten free products last year.  That's a big market that restaurants and caterers are crazy to ignore when there is this simple fix of finding an excellent supplier like Taffet's.  This bakery is pioneering new techniques and ingredients to achieve a very good product.  
Torpedo roll, baguette -- both very good.  I wrap in foil to heat frozen,  You can slice "hinge" these (not cut all the way) and it won't break when filled.  (Though I do cut away some of the guts to reduce the bread volume and make room for filling sandwich.  Makes a better bread-to-filling taste ratio.  I almost always have these essential bread in my freezer.  Cut in slivered rounds and toast for bruschetta, or other hors d'oeuvres.
More to discover each visit.  Price point may seem a bit high, but the ingredients and prep process is intense and pricey.  I think a good value.Not only am I sitting here reeling from the best bread I've had in the five years since I was diagnosed with celiac, but I'm also totally charmed by the place itself. I walked in for the first time and was immediately greeted by Omer himself; he was happy to take our questions and eager to make recommendations. 
I knew I wanted to try the place out, but I anticipated being merely satisfied with a bread substitute; I expected either the flavorless, crumbly sandwich bread or dense bricklike loaves that usually come labeled as "gluten free" in specialty stores. When I entered the little storefront, I noticed that it actually smelled like a bakery -- the yeasty, doughy scent that comes with real bread, not overpowered with vinegar or cinnamon or other additives that outshine the bread itself. Then when I did the "squeeze test" on the ciabattas and baguettes on display, my eyes widened. This was beyond my expectations. 
This isn't a giant store, so don't expect rows and rows of offerings. They're just getting their start, but they've got all kinds of breads, pizza crusts, foccaccias, rolls, and biscotti for you to try out -- as well as some specialty flours, pastas, and candies for retail sale. The retail stuff is a little pricier, as most gluten-free items are in stores, but the bread itself is remarkably reasonable -- I came away with a giant baguette, a full sandwich loaf, a large ciabatta, a pack of biscotti, and a pack of dinner rolls for $15. Not too shabby.
This is the kind of place I want to keep patronizing not just because I want their stuff, but I want them to stay in business. They were so nice, and they've making my dream of actually being able to eat sandwiches again come true. Check them out.I got bagels and kaiser rolls. Very good. Next time I'll order in advance and try more. Been craving  raisin bread for breakfast. Very impressed!I popped over to their shop today after reading so many great reviews. Gluten Free is usually hit or miss...in my case, it has been mostly misses. But i got a few Kaiser rolls (for the Beyond Beef burgers in my refrigerator, yummmm!), a sesame bagel, and a huuuge chocolate chip brownie. I tried all 3 in the car before I left my parking spot...WOW! All were sooo good! Fluffy and soft bread! Tasty, too! The brownie is also delicious! So glad this bakery is so close to home, I cant wait to try everything else!Wow.  This is gluten-free bread at its finest.  The rolls are light and fluffy; the bread is flavorful and full of those air pockets that I had stopped hoping to see anymore.  I wish they had recipes or classes, but they are admittedly a very small shop.  Hope they work on a cook book soon.I follow a low FODMAP diet and found plenty here that worked for me with no bad side effects. And it tastes SO GOOD!
The baguette was the best one I have had since going gluten-free. I also got bagels, warm pretzels, and the oatmeal raisin cookies. All delicious! My kids, who aren't GF, loved them and wanted me to share more, but selfishly I wanted it all to myself. 
I live out of town and the owner said they do ship for a flat $10 fee to places where they can deliver it in 48 hours or less. I'm sure I'll take advantage of this at some point.I LOVE the hearty quinoa bread. You wouldn't know it's gluten-free! I keep it in my freezer and usually toast it up for a breakfast treat.A great gluten-free bakery! Hands down the best one in Philly. Their bread is totally worth every penny. I can't decide if I like quinoa or teff better. Well, why do I have to pick one, they're both great! Owner is always so friendly and helpful. It's great to talk to someone who is genuinely enthusiastic about gluten-free foods!Great bakery. very friendly owners. dedicated gluten free. mostly nut free as well. very much worth the visit. recommend the Kaiser rolls and the pretzel with mustard. will visit againI was introduced to Taffet's a few years ago by a fellow celiac. The breads are so wonderful, it's hard to believe they are GF.  The teff, in particular, is a dense, hearty bread so wonderful slathered with butter or cream cheese.  Bi-aglut pasta is sold here as well and is one of the only GF pastas I've eaten that tastes like authentic pasta.  I was, however, disappointed with the pretzels, but this was not a deal-breaker. The shop takes online orders and ships.  I highly recommend their products.The tastiest gluten free bread!
I have been on a gluten free diet for years because of Celiac problems and it is hard to find good tasting gluten free products. Well when me and my family went to the Italian Festival in May I met one of the workers there. It was at the end of the day and he gave me a free pretzel. I ate it and was impressed. I decided that next time I was in the area I would stop by. Well I stopped by with my wife and bought their sourdough and baguette bread and they were awesome. I couldn't believe how tasty they were. I haven't had sourdough bread in years and it was great. If you are gluten intolerant or know someone who is pick them up some their bread and they will love you. Check this place out for yourself and you won't be disappointed.Taffets is the best gluten free bakery in the city hands down and probably the best bakery of any kind in South Philly. One of my absolute favorite places in the city!
My favorite Taffets bread is the quinoa bread, which I've been eating every day for years  (basically since they first opened). I also buy the pizza crusts, which are soo great, and really impressed our non-GF friends. One really delicious thing is the sourdough roll--although I recommend eating it fresh, rather than freezing it. 
Pretty much everything from Taffets is great, but even better is the owner and his wife (Omar and Natascha). They are the nicest people and they are always up to chat about life, the universe, and everything. My parents come down to visit the city and they say "Let's go to Taffets!" because it is such a nice overall experience.  Even parking there is not bad at all once you get the hang of it (people actually change spots very frequently so I find I can always get a spot).
I used to have to go elsewhere for gluten free bagels, but they just started making them here and they are AWESOME. Most everything is available all week long but weekends (mornings if you want best pick!) are the best for special treats like muffins (we like blueberry, chocolate chip, and the walnut-banana one).
Sweet Freedom is great if you want super sweet cupcakes and other very sweet treats, but if you want a delicious muffin or scone with more moderate sweetness, then Taffets is where its at.What a wonderful discovery in the Italian Market! The pretzels are surprising good for GF. Crispy outside, chewy inside and just the right saltiness. None of the usual GF aftertaste. It's like there was a GF party going on in my mouth and I was happy to be there!Absolutely the best GF products on the planet !  The breads have the taste and texture of regular breads, the rolls and baguettes are awesome for hoagies and sandwiches. The soft pretzels were top-notch.  Just diagnosed in December, I thought bread was regulated to Udi's (ugh) or some other expensive frozen brick loaves. Even though I live two hours away, I'm in Philly a lot so I'll just make sure I have a freezer bag in the car at all times so I can stock up.
They also make pizza crusts, cookies and bagels. Check their website. Very highly recommended, you won't believe that you're eating gluten free, it's that good.Great Bakery offering something that has long been popular in many other cities, delicious gluten free breads and deserts.  The rolls are phenomenal.  A great and clean place all around.I am coming to terms  with my  wheat allergy. Having said that,  THIS  is the  place   to buy  INCREDIBLE  GLUTEN-FREE  bread.    I am in love  with their Teff bread.   The  Quinoa  is  great  too- but the  TEFF is my  favorite!    This  bread is  so  damn  tasty you  forget it is  gluten- free and  good  for you. I  wish this  bakery  had another location on the Mainline  because it is  a bitch to find  parking in the  Italian market  area.  The  loaf is $7  but  worth it.   The bread  freezes  well . Excellent.The cookies and breads are good, but the service is awful. The people who work there are rude.  The cashier was on the phone during my transaction and never acknowledged me.  Plus their business hours are unpredictable.  Most times I walk by they are not open.  For instance, They were closed on a Saturday at 10am. A bakery closed at 10am?!  Don't waste your time. We won't go back.Delicious bakery that offers all gluten free options. In a rather congested area, and parking is impossible, but great that there is a gluten free bakery right here in the city whose bread doesn't taste like sandpaper. Pre ordering won't do much except ensure that he will make what you need, but he is quick to sell of what you ordered leaving you to wait for him to bake your order while you stand there .Giving up bread has been the hardest part of jumping on the gluten-free bandwagon, but Taffets Bakery more than relieves any withdrawal symptoms.  Their French bread is light and savory, while the quinoa loaf is satisfying and hearty.  They use simple, wholesome ingredients such as rice flours, potato starch, and extra virgin olive oil to bake their daily breads, so you're not eating a science experiment (e.g., Udi's).  I appreciate that they deliver breads to local community vendors, so I don't have to schlep down to the Italian Market each week.  Although the prices are a bit of a pinch ($7.50 for a loaf of quinoa bread), these high-quality baked goods are well worth it.Bought loaves of the quinoa and teff bread.. Both awesome! and their biscotti is better than any glutenous biscotti I have ever had. I will be sure to get there early next Sunday morning so I can get the french bread!!!THE BEST GF bread of all. They are friendly, helpful and make baguette's and sandwich breads that make me want to weep with joy.Dear god! 
Best gf chocolate chip cookies EVER! Brownie was equally good, just the right amount of chewy. Omer is a trained chef and it shows in the texture of his products!
Cookie Tender, a bit of chew, a good bite, and just mmmmmm! I haven't tried the bread yet, nor have I tried the pretzels because they only had frozen...But I will. 
You should know parking in the area on weekends in a minivan is NEAR IMPOSSIBLE! If you're from Boston, it's just like the North End market with a drive through lane. Ugh!
Will come back next visit FOR SURE!incredible bread. i wouldn't be able to tell the difference between tote's gf bread and some of the best bread i've had before going gluten free. i haven't been into the italian market store itself, but will update when i do. i have, however, had your bread as sandwiches from a couple of philly markets. after trying both the quinoa and the teff, i'm hooked.  usually gluten free bread is extremely dense and doesn't rip apart like regular bread, or is really dry with no flavor. coming from someone who has tried every gluten free bread on the market, this is perfect. there is actual flavor in this bread. i couldn't be happier.We received a gift certificate for Taffets. My son (who is 12) is gluten free. We also keep kosher in our home. It was really fun to traipse through the Italian Market and find a warm, aromatic bakery. We shared a brownie and a red velvet cupcake (made with natural coloring). YUM! The brownie was too rich for even us to finish in one sitting. The best was the bread made with teff and covered with seeds (perhaps chia). In the future we will pre-order the challah. Since it's not too close to where we live, we are hoping that our local co-op will start carrying their baked goods so we can access it more often.Could Philly be any luckier than to have a place like this? Fresh-baked daily gluten free goodness right in the Italian Market next to all the other fixins for dinner. Omer and his crew turn out fantastic bread loafs (quinoa and the baguette are my favourite), muffins, bagels (!!!), kaiser rolls, cupcakes, cookies, foccacia, pizza crusts, you name it! Their shop also carries a number of gluten-free products like boxed pasta and flour mixes. If you have something special you want or a specific allergy, they are happy to make special orders when you call ahead.
More and more restaurants around town are carrying Taffet's gluten-free products to offer to their customers: Paesano's, Kermits, Pure Fare and Agno, Underdogs, etc. It doesn't get much better than this. NYC, eat your heart out.I LOVE the brownies, muffins and the proprietors and staff are such warm people!
This is one of my most favorite stores in Philadelphia for many reasons!I came across Taffets' storefront on 9th Street by accident. And.... wow. I agree with all the positive reviews. I love their bagels. But you know the best part? Their fresh-baked goodies stay fresh longer than any other gluten-free products I've had. I've lived a lot of places, and eaten at a lot of gluten-free bakeries; this is the very best.Stopped in for some Choc. Chip Cookies. They are the best gluten free cookies I have ever had! I would have no problem making them part of my regular gluten filled diet.
The owners were very nice and accommodating. Looking forward to getting them again next time in the area.Excellent gluten-free bread.  My wife and I came in from out of town and found this place on Yelp.  We had the french bread and it was amazing.  We purchased items here to take back with us that we normally do not have access to.The best gluten-free bakery! Everyone should try this delicious place. Can't wait to become a regular customer! I have tried gluten-free items at other places- NOTHING compares to TaffettsIf you're on a gluten free diet or have celiac, this is the place for you.  My girlfriend is allergic to gluten and would constantly complain about how there's nowhere to get a bagel, nowhere to get a pretzel, nowhere to get pizza.
Well good news!  The suffering is over!  The menu isn't huge, but what's on it is pretty good.  The teff and quinoa loaves are sort of like everyday sandwich bread.  The baguettes have a hint of rosemary and make an incredible hoagie, or are great with an Italian style pasta dish.  My favorite is the sourdough.
Aside from breads there are also sometimes donuts, pretzels, bagels, muffins, carrot cake, and some other goodies.  Also, the pizza dough is the bomb.  So good, in fact, that they supply to a handful of pizza shops in the area.  
Stop in to see what they have on the rack, or place an order for the next day.  It's not a sweet shop, but just a really good neighborhood bakery with great friendly service.I found Taffets online, when looking for a GF bakery. Ordered over the phone with the owner, and he was very helpful! Received my shipment and all of it was in great condition, even the thin crust pizza shell! The seeded teff bread is SO good!! The bagettes are good, and the pizza shell was also good. I will be coming into Philly this weekend and will be stopping by to get more items to stock my freezer!!Taffet's is a small bakery with a goal of helping those who can't enjoy gluten to still enjoy some really wonderful gluten-free-but-totally-believable-that-it's-not bread, baguettes, pretzels (which is unheard of), biscotti, cookies, and more!  There's not much to the bakery itself but the multitude of gluten-free choices speak for itself. 
I personally don't have any gluten issues but my boyfriend does.  They had some samples and their teff bread is amazing.  So full of really wonderful grain and has all the textures of regular bread.  Not to mention, this was the first time he ever had a real pretzel, so kudos to Philly and Taffets!  They do ship and it's at a pretty comparable price for some great quality gluten-free baked goods.Taffets is my hero. I have Celiac disease and they are just amazing. Their baguettes are my favorite treat, completely satisfying a craving that had been unquenchable for years before they opened. I've been buying their baked goods since they opened, and the quality has stayed fantastic. I recently tried their pizza crust and it actually felt like I was eating a normal pizza--no sticky tapioca feel nor crumbly pastry texture like so many gluten free pizzas have. Plus, buying from them supports a local business that also happens to be run by super nice folks! (I've always had pleasant experiences when i stop by:)I am currently devouring the best pumpkin muffin I've ever tasted in my life, paired with an incredibly smooth and flavourful cup of coffee, and I got both at a gluten-free bakery!
This place rules, and it's so close to my house. To start with, this muffin: holy COW. It's the lightest, airiest, most satisfying pumpkin muffin of all time. Often a pumpkin muffin is heavy and dense, like eating cake. This is like pumpkin angel food, I have no idea how they do it. It also holds together so well you'd swear it was made with real flour- no crumbly GF baked goods here!
Now for the coffee: there is a new pop-up cafe at Taffett's on Saturdays called The Monkey and the Elephant. A lovely gal named Lisa will ask you about your coffee preferences and hand-pour you one fantastic cup of coffee. I've heard of hand-poured coffee but never tried it and this lives up to the hype. Really, really great coffee and worth the $2.50 for sure.
Next Saturday, make it a point to stroll down to the Italian Market and get some! Such a delightful breakfast.So, I love this place even though I can't have any of their products. I am gluten-free, but not for Celiac reasons rather for other health issues related to wheat. I also can't have honey, which is in every one of their breads. However, when I went in to look around the very friendly staff and baker wanted to help and offered to bake a special large loaf for me if I call ahead. So nice!
Sadly, when I got home I did some research on their primary flour, teff, to see if I was allowed to have it. Wom womp :( no to teff, contains fructans. Some of their breads also contain chickpea flour, which I can't have either. Props to them for being willing to help, though!
The shop has a selection of packaged gluten-free goods which I browsed quite thoroughly. Took home a box of quinoa Ancient Harvest elbows, which were revelatory, almost can't tell it's not real pasta. The one house-made item I could have was the lemon poppyseed biscotti. Sadly, it was actually kinda terrible. At first it was tasty, until I bit into a big hunk of lemon zest that was so bitter I made a face and someone laughed at me. It took hours for the taste to leave my mouth. I would totally go back to try other types, though, as the texture was remarkably like a biscotti should be.
A great place for celiac people, who don't get enough love, but not so great for anyone following a low-FODMAP diet.Ah-maxing gluten free bakery!!!! They have so many options, different kind of bread loaves, bagels, rolls, naked pizza crusts, cake slices. Truly a gem in the heart of Italian Market. I tried their plain and raisin bagels; both were so good! If you want to eat your bagels there, they have a toaster and it's only $1 more to get jam and stuff. I also tried their chocolate cherry biscotti, it was so so good. Super chocolatey but not too sweet at all and the dried cherry pieces were the best compliments to the chocolate. With a hot cup of tea or coffee, you can dip it in and enjoy. And this place is so affordable. Sometimes gluten free stuff can be pricey but not this place. I highly recommend it!Some of the best bread and bagels I've had anywhere. 
The everything bagels have a crispy exterior with a soft fluffy interior which make for great breakfast bagels at home. Even if you are not gluten free I would recommend giving them a try as they are some of the best in the city. 
The bread is wonderful I usually get the quinoa or teff loaf. They are always very fresh and make great sandwiches throughout the week or toast in the morning.There is NO substitute for wheat bread. I had to give up wheat years ago, and I still miss it. But Taffets has some really superior GF breads. The big plus is that they contain pretty minimal ingredients -- unlike commercial GF breads that have a slew of gums, preservatives, etc. Their sourdough is excellent (I only eat it toasted), and well worth the price. The baguettes are good, too. Their sandwich breads are decent toasted, but the sourdough has the best texture and taste in my experience. I haven't had the bagels. I think bagels are really difficult to make well without wheat gluten (IMO). You can also order your bread in advance and pick it up at your convenience. Have not used the delivery service yet, but it's another nice feature of this bakery.We happened to park in front of this bakery and the gluten free sign got our attention since my sister doest do good with gluten. They have a variety of bread, some sweet stuff and a fabulous personality and service. we had the oatmeal and chocolate cookies and loved them. Highly recommend them!First of all, I hope everyone reviewing this shop realizes that this is a dedicated gluten free bakery.  The breads and cookies are not going to have the same texture as those made with wheat flour.  That said, their cookies were light, chewy, and delicious, and the bagel was not as dense or dry as other gluten free bagels I've tried.  I would definitely buy baked goods from this place again.  They also had excellent customer service.  When I walked in, they were just about to close, but the man at the counter was very nice, patient, and helped me decide what to get (without trying to sell more than I wanted).There was a time I would have rated them higher but product availability seems to be hit or miss.  Perhaps they are selling to restaurants and don't feel the need to maintain the stock of their own shop properly.What a bakery. The gluten free items are amazing. The sour cherry biscotti is A+, the soft pretzels are perfect (with mustards on site, mind you), and the bagels are hardy. It's all GF here, so if you have celiac, you don't have anything to worry about.Pizza crusts are amazing. I use a stone heated to 500 degrees for about 12 minutes. Just picked up a dozen thanks to a friend who was passing through Philly.I have just received your quinoa bread, and it is truly wonderful, especially if toasted. I am so grateful you exist, because I have been a celiac all my long life--long before the word existed. I have read most of the reviews of Taffets and see that there is a real discrepancy in how people respond, from five stars to one star.  It's true that I did not like one of your items, the blueberry muffins, while I really enjoyed the biscotti. Before giving a totally negative review, why don't people try the full array of offerings? They may be happily surprised.I adore Taffets and I'm glad when I can catch them open since they're on a modified schedule these days. Their baguettes are great, rolls and bagels are yummy, and I live for their biscotti. It's so nice to have quality gluten free baked goods fresh from a dedicated bakery.I tried the soft pretzels today and they are atrocious. They taste like stale bread with salt on top.  The red velvet cupcake did not have enough cocoa flavor, was dry, and the frosting tasted like butter... just butter. I've been gluten free for 8 years and have heard wonderful things about this bakery, but I am confused. I will not return.My mom has recently discovered a gluten intolerance and has always LOVED bread. For Mother's Day during quarantine times, I wanted to make her this French toast recipe that I love. I searched for gluten free brioche and challah and couldn't find it until I found Taffets! She thoroughly enjoyed and said it was the best gluten free bread she had!Today I received everything bagels, Philly pretzels and baguettes. Can't begin to describe how good they are...made cheesesteaks and kids never knew the difference. Pretzels and bagels are awesome.
They ship anywhere. Easier for me to ship than to drive down, although a trip is definitely in the future for stromboli and pizza. Since there is no higher rating than 5 we will stay at 5 !This place is AMAZING. I have bought tons of stuff here already. Almost everything is something I'd buy again, some of it I'd think twice of only because of the price (not bad for GF options, but I have to watch my wallet...)
The bread (both types, quinoa and teff) has great, bready texture. It has better texture than ANY other GF bread I've found, and it's also better than most glutenous breads. They don't taste quite like wheat breads (of course) but the larger "sandwich slices" are closer to that taste. As far as price goes, these breads are better priced than most other GF options I've found.
The biscotti is wonderful. Like homemade biscotti. A little pricey.
The tiramisu -- good tasting. Not enough espresso for my taste.
Pastries -- to die for. Better than any pastries I had before, or after, Celiac!!!
Canoli shells -- these are not made on premises. They are super expensive and unfortunately hard as rock. Do not buy!Let me just start off with the word BREAD. If you're gluten free or have celiac, bread is something you think about ALL THE DAMN TIME. You crave it, you dream about it, you NEED it and you try to forget about it. That is, until you find out about a place called Taffets, and all of your dreams come true. 
When I moved to Philadelphia, I heard about Taffets from another gluten free friend, but I assumed, like so many others, it was just alright. Bland, dry, boring "bread" products that were not so different from the stuff you can buy in the freezer section at the supermarket. Boy was I wrong!
Taffets has a bunch of different bread options, and you're going to want to eat them all. Bread, challah, bagels, heros, pretzels, pizza crusts and more! Did I mention there are desserts? There are desserts! So far my absolute favorite is the chocolate cherry biscotti, but they also have cupcakes and brownies and other stuff I'm forgetting at the moment. Chomp into that biscotti or dip in some hot chocolate or coffee or tea or literally anything and you will not be disappointed. So freaking good that I literally think about it all the time. I don't even like biscotti and I looooooove this biscotti. 
So go check out Taffets and please let me know when you're going because I definitely want you to pick something up for me.Now the ratings of this place totally confuse me. 
I saw 5 star ratings this morning for this establishment and was super excited I was gonna have an amazing bagel. I was too tired to walk to My Usual spot Knead. 
Anywhoo, I walk a few blocks to little Italy/Mexico and arrive at Taffets. The place is a small bakery. Upon walking inside its jammed pack with freezers with bread, a sofa with bags of bread on it, long Italian bread and muffins. I ask for bagels and I was pointed to it on a shelf. 
However I wasn't allowed to reach for it myself even though there were plenty of help yourself to wax paper trays around. 
The young cashier asked me what I wanted (I chose sesame and poppy) and he proceeded to place them in the bag and take it to the counter for me. 
At the counter I asked for the price and he said 2.50 each. So $5 for 2 bagels with no spreads. 
That's a lot of money for a bagel with nothing on it but I consented as the reviews were a stellar 5 star. 
About a block away I wanted to take a bite of the bagels, No kidding, they were ROCK SOLID. They could have been a street weapon.
I was SOOO pissed. First of all I could have been told it was old. Second of all, REDUCE the price if it's hard as a rock. 
Desperate for a bagel (yes I really wanted one) I tried putting it in microwave and it still was the hard rock. 
What a shame for a bakery to sell overpriced HARD bagels.