Ever since I heard Tai Lake took fish from the front of the store and turned it into dinner, I was excited to go.  Fresh fish in Philly is a rarity and this is about as fresh as it comes.
The interior is tacky and confused: plastic chandeliers and neon blue club lighting.  Do you want to be trendy or faux-classy?  Pick one and run with it.
We were seated promptly and had to wait a few minutes to see our waiter.  When this happens to me, I generally believe we won't see the waiter much during the night and I try and put my whole order in at once.  
The first thing that popped out to me were the alcohol prices.  Maybe I am just so used to be gouged in Old City, but paying $2 for a Coors Light and $4.50 for mixed drinks was so crazy to me!  I felt like I was at a dive bar happy hour.  So, we ordered some drinks.  The melon ball was terrible.  Garbage vodka, the Midori tasted funny, and there was no pineapple juice!  The strawberry daquiri literally tasted like it had zero alcohol.
The appetizers were fairly priced but not excellent.  The steamed dumplings were soggy and the spring rolls were too greasy.
The peking duck entree was good but my cod in spicy sauce was smothered in sugary, not spicy, sauce and it was battered and deep fried.  Now, I know that this may be "traditional" Chinese preparation, but I had hoped for somthing a bit nicer.  The entrees were brought out about 15 minutes apart.  Not good.
Overall, I won't go back.We come here a couple times a year.  It's strange I do not live far from Chinatown, but I'm not always in the mood for Asian foods.  I'm Khmer so my mom cooks enough Asian food during the week.
I always enjoy Tai Lake every time I have eaten there.  My friends out of town visited a couple weeks ago and we ate here.  They enjoyed everything except the taro nest was kinda stale but the filling was good.  I love the baked salted squid and pork peking style.Just the best Cantonese food in Chinatown. The quality of their food is always guaranteed. 
My personal favorite is the stir fried eel with X.O. sauce. The eel meat is tender and little bit crispy on the outside. The natural sweet taste of fresh eel meat just melts in your mouth. This dish is more pricey than other dishes. But it's just worth it. 
They don't have too many drink options. But the price is pretty good.How the mighty has fallen!  This used to be one of my standbys for Cantonese food.  Not anymore, unfortunately.  We came here for Chinese New Year, and were made to wait an hour for our reservations.  And they were for a prix-fixe too!  That's appalling on its own but it just got worse.  The jellyfish app was bland, the spicy shredded beef and fried chicken were both tough, the dungeness crab lacked meat, the lobster was tiny, the pea shoots were barely seasoned (the version that I make at home tastes better!), and the fried rice extra greasy and bland.  The only good dishes were the steamed live shrimp and steamed sea bass.  Notice that neither required any real cooking skills.  Service was good...after we finally got our RESERVED table an hour later.  Never again.  I'm heading to Rising Tide where I can get custom-ordered seafood dishes for a fraction of the price and get seated in a timely fashion.Pretty good for a Philly establishment!
----
I must admit, I've been harsh on Philly's Chinatown for quite a long time. I know it's not their fault that years ago, the convention center bisected the small neighborhood; now what's left is more of a Chinastreet. 
But as a result, there has been little to no competition in the Chinese restaurant arena. The idea is, they're the only game in town, so why try so hard? (for example, See my prior review on Ocean Harbor, which is simply just a dump). 
I'm pleased to say, Tai Lake exceeded my expectations. 
Here is a sampling of the dishes we ordered:
- salt and pepper soft-shell crab (GET THIS!)
- marbled beef slices in Satay sauce, shabu-shabu (not recommended for those on a diet, but this was amazingly tender and delicious!)
- Thai curry with lamb (not too spicy; the potato wedges were fried first before being cooked in the curry. The lamb could have used a longer simmer time, though)
- free range chicken with soy sauce (very succulent and tender, even the chicken breast meat - this us not your average feedlot chicken, which is flavorless and tough)
Only problem is the small dining hall size, so be prepared to wait (but it is open till 3am).
Will be back!Excellent seafood and food.   
This place is in Chinatown - expect efficient service. This isn't Le-fin.Food's great, especially the frog, but I'm only writing this review as a service to others: if you're told there are no tables because they're full up, tell them you'll wait anyway.  You'll get a table eventually.The food here can be described as... mainstream.  Tai Lake has all the usuals that you would find at every Chinese restaurant.  In fact, Tai Lake does a fairly good job, even though it tastes exactly like every other Chinese restaurant out there.
One of the person in the group was from Tennessee so we decided to order hot & sour soup since he's never had it.  It was surprisingly good with a strong kick.  Enough vinegar as well to make you pucker a bit.  In fact, every single person in the group loved it.
We didn't go the adventurous route since the folks didn't really want to try the frogs at the front or any sort of weird dishes.  We got broccoli beef, black pepper filet mignon, vegetable medley in pot, seafood tofu stew, house special fried noodle, beef hofun, and sweet & sour fried cod.  Favorite out of all of them was probably the fried noodle since I love egg noodles fried.  Most of them items I had to add a little chili oil or the hot sauce they provided.
The service though, can use a little improving.  The waitstaff was fine and was quite attentive the whole night but the kitchen royally messed up.  They somehow switched our order ticket with another table, which resulted in later tables getting food before us.  I think at one point there was a 15 minute gap between dishes.  Not fun sitting in a round table expecting for food to arrive, but instead, just staring at each other.  You can't even look anywhere else :P
The restaurant itself is quite small so can fill up rather quickly.Every time we visit my sister in Philly, we have to have Tai Lake. It's our favorite Chinese restaurant. The place is really small, but they have a few big tables that holds groups. We haven't had to wait yet. The dishes are meant to be shared, and we always order a bunch of dishes to eat family style. Our favorite dishes are the Dungeness crab with stir-fry pork, ginger and scallion lobster, beef chow fun, snow pea leaves, and peking duck. Everything is always cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning, and the food comes our fast. You know the seafood is fresh when they are plucking the lobster and crab from the tank in the lobby of the restaurant. The peking duck has a crispy skin with tender meat and is served with scallions, sauce, and moist steamed buns. Service can be so-so, but this last time, they were great - refills, clean plates for shells, etc. We can't wait to visit again!The best place to eat Seafood in Chinatown.
My hubby loves their panfried noodle!
We order it almost every week, the food is always good and fresh. Even when they are busy!
I saw some negative comment about the service, they are the nicest people. 
The language problem not a big deal! They are willing to customize the order, even they don't have it!
We love to bring our friends from out of state to eat here, and they are very happy because the seafood is fresh and good!
For me price isn't a problem, people have different preference about whether is expensive or not. For a God sake, its a seafood restaurant!I had their lobster with ginger and scallions and clams with minced pork. Lobster was surprisingly a great price (market price of $21.99 - it can vary) but unfortunately would not recommend the clams with minced pork. Although the minced pork was amazing, especially to mix with rice, the clams did not taste how cooked clams should - the taste was strong and foul.  I'll give this place another shot since everything else was great and their customer service was good (friendly staff with a sense of humor) but the clams were a huge disappointment.This was my first time to Tai Lake, but my friend who grew up in Philly has been coming here with his family since he was a kid. It's one of the original Chinatown restaurants, and a big part of the neighborhood, you can feel and see that looking around. 
Like many restaurants in Chinatown the menu is huge and you can get everything from pork and chicken to fresh out of the tank king crab. Everything is reasonably priced and the portions are very large, so sharing is ideal. My friend and I got the sweet and sour pork and a tofu/mushroom dish (I'm not sure the name). The pork was great: really juicy and the perfect mix of sweet and tangy. The tofu dish I didn't like as much; I thought that it could have been a bit better seasoned. The veggies in it were really fresh though.
At the end of our meal we got complimentary dessert: a tapioca drink that was warm and really yummy. 
I'll definitely be back to try more!So, Chinese food is good but not fantastic in Philly. So with that in mind, this place is quite good. It's always filled so that's a good sign. Go for the seafood dishes. We had whole fish with ginger and scallions, long life noodles, greens with garlic, broccoli with a spicy garlic sauce. All good. Service cheerful and decent except they brought our shrimp dumplings after the other dishes.i love that tai lake is open late.  i can't tell you how many times i've stumbled into tai lake after a night of debauchery.  there's rarely a wait during their late hours and i like that it's not packed to the gills with other drunken people.  everything i've ordered from their humongous menu was really good and affordable.When I am craving for some chinese food, I often go to Tai Lake Restaurant. The service is great. The food is always tasty and hot. They also have a room upstairs with a karaoke machine so that you can have dinner and entertainment. Great for those who like to eat late night because they stay open until 3 am.My family loves this place. The service is typically quick, although they do get crowded sometimes. We love picking out what kind of seafood we are going to eat in the fishtanks in the entrance. Their steamed fish is excellent, and we love their dumplings and fried tofu. I would recommend that anyone who wants authentic Chinese food should go here!I've been going here for 16 years and this place is just as amazing now as it was when I first tried it.  This is not your Americanized Chinese restaurant but instead is a nice modern Chinese restaurant that has a lot of great options for non-chinese people like myself. Definitely try the pepper steak and the seafood basket!!This Is probably one of the best places to get seafood in the Chinatown.  My sister had her wedding upstairs, so we like this place!
Can't go wrong with any of the dishes here; it's pretty good compared to other Chinese restaurants in Philly.Tai Lake isn't your typical Chinese establishment. The Cantonese dishes they serve here are just so different. So comforting and gives all the warmth-of-a-home like feeling. Ingredients are always fresh and dishes always come to your table sizzling hot. It's really great for group dining.
P.S: The mung bean dessert = win!Wonderful giant sweet oysters in black bean sauce. $4.00 each but well worth it. Meaty and flavorful. We ordered 2 each and then had other dishes..shrimp  and scallops hot sauce, steamed snow peas and house special lomein (with shrimp, pork, chicken). Only suggestion: would order steamed pork dumplings instead of pan fried.Had eel and pork dumplings with a big party of friends who ordered many other dishes too. If you're a fan of seafood and trying new things to eat, you will love this place to death. Otherwise, if you're not much of a seafood fan, try another restaurant.
Also... this place is pretty expensive. Prepare to empty your wallet.
Service is all right; could be friendlier.I've eaten here twice in my entire life. 
The first time was when my boyfriend tricked me into meeting his parents. Needless to say that night ruined my appetite. 
The second time was for my after-prom dinner. It was 2 AM in the morning, we were hype and running around in formal wear, and we were on the second floor. I was surprised that they didn't kicked us out for constantly changing our mind on our orders and sending them up and down for one pina colada at a time. 
My friends being the difficult slackers that they are, forced me to order for the table, we had:
Wonton Soup (cut down from 9 person to 3)
BBQ Ribs (for the only white guy in the group who devoured it in 2 mins)
Jumbo Shrimp with Walnut in Cream Sauce (yumm)
Chicken Fried Rice
Beef Lo Mein
Seafood Basket
[ I attempted to kill one of every animal to ensure everyone's happiness]
We ate a tad more than half before declaring stuffed. 
The bill came to $19 bucks per person including tips. 
Which was pretty awesome. Even more awesome when my friends declined their share of the food so I end up with enough leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day.Worst experience ever! Never felt so embarrassed. I took my family members that came from another state to Chinatown to have a memorable time. We decided for this restaurant to have an enjoyable dinner and spend time together and it was the worst choice i have ever made! all the waitress were rushing for no reason! The restaurant wasn't even full. Other tables were available and no one was waiting to be seated and right after we finish eating the manager or owner of the restaurant came and asked how was everything and we responded "good, thank you" and his response was "ok, good! If you guys can please leave the table because they needed it." That is so unprofessional! I spent over $100 and that is not the way you treat customers! Very disappointed! I don't recommend this restaurant at all! Will never come back!!Tai Lake is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia's Chinatown.
FOOD -
I always order the Seafood Birds Nest and Dried Scallop and Scallion soup. SO GOOD! Very consistent.
Wonton Soup is the only thing I really don't like at all.
SERVICE - 
Me and my boyfriend are regulars there so we always get good service!Fantastic seafood.  The front of the place might be a bit disturbing when you walk in and see all the tanks of your dinner while it's living.   I think it's awesome but it bothers some.
They've got a really huge menu full of all kinds of weird seafood combination.  I got salted squid last time I went and it was delicious.  I wish I was more adventurous, but I live so close that I will be back and get some crazzzzy seafood.One of my top 3 favorite dinner sit down Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. Mainly for family dinners and new year celebrations. They have the best lobster scallion in town :)
The second floor is available which is slightly bigger than first floor. Lots of fresh seafood to try, bring a Chinese friend with knowledge of authentic dishes because they will give you the American menu.Kind of need to know how to communicate there bc my order got messed up. Some of the food is bland but the ribs are great! Really bad ManhattansHad multi-course dinners here twice in the last two weeks. Good stuff and they seem to stay open late. Comfort food, right?Excellent Chinese food.  The eggplant was great, my friends said the wonton soup, fried rice and chow fun were all outstanding.  Very very good prices, but the staff were sort of on the not so friendly side.Food was okay. Service was terrible though. My fiance and I was having a huge family gathering at this restaurant and you would think that spending more than 400 hundred dollars at this restaurant service would be better.My favorite late night restaurant and family dinner spot.  The place could use some updating, particularly the entrance with the dirty and old tanks.  Putting the decor aside, the food is consistently well prepared.  I like the fresh steamed shrimp for appetizer, honey walnut shrimp, snow pea leaves, salt and pepper squid shrimp and scallop, clams with chunks of meat, tofu and eggplant with black bean sauce, and sizzling spare ribs.  Whenever I want a reasonably priced good meal, I go to Tai Lake.Fresh seafood ever. I always get steam little fresh shrimp for appetizer. Oysters are good and worthy. Service is fast and servers can speak many languages.I come here often. The food is very good and they are open late, which is great when you're partying. Try the salt fish fried rice, sizzling steak and sautéed greens.This was a very pleasant surprise in Chinatown for me. My girlfriend, a couple of her friends from college, and I met for dinner on a Friday night. There was a 10 minute wait for seating for a party of four. From the looks of it, the place was pretty much packed from the door. 
Speaking of that, when you walk in you're greeted by a chorus of frogs, fish, eel and shrimp. It's a little strange for the typical diner--realizing this is the food you're about to eat, still alive and looking you in the eye. Once you're past that, it's your regular Chinatown restaurant.
The food was good and well prepared. We had four dishes- an egg and beef soup, clams with crispy pork bits, tofu & seafood (similar to chop suey), and a frog dish with chestnut and mushroom. To my surprise, the frog dish was the most flavorful. All of the dishes were well executed and pleasing, though they lacked finesse at times.
I think a place like this one deserves three stars because the food was good- different than a typical menu and it was tasty. The layout and decor would need to be improved for an additional star, and the execution needs to improve for the fifth start. To compare, I would give Han Dynasty five stars and Ocean Harbor's dim sum four stars. Bottom line: Tai Lake is different than your average Chinese restaurant and that gets it three stars. Update the layout and style, execute all dishes excellently and it will be at five stars in no time. I'd go back if invited.By far my favorite place to go on Chinatown. I got here to celebrate all occasions with family and friends. The food here is just excellent. Let's start with the Peking duck. The meat is very tender and the skin has the perfect amount of fatty taste and a crunch to it. The salt baked squid is so good. It's got a lot of meat to it and the breading is not too much unlike other places I've been to... 
Other classic dishes such as the house fried rice, mapo tofu, beef chow fun, and garlic sizzled bak choy; so very very good. I love the food here. 
The staff on good days, they are very interactive and friendly with you. If they are busy, by nature of the work, they are still good but not as attentive but again, I think that's a given with that many people in the restaurant. 
Must go if you're trying to look for a good Chinatown placeWorst customer service ever. We walked in on a Saturday night and the first thing we hear is "make it quick we have people coming in" how can this possibly be customer service? If you want to really try to enjoy good food and service, try red king.....this has been our fav spot in Chinatown.Tai lake is always so busy!! I love their lobsters, it's fresh and yummy!  and I also love their walnut shrimp!!Good Cantonese food. fresh lobster at a great price. They have live seafood in the aquarium and cook it on the spot. I ordered one lobster for 20$ and was satisfied. They are clean and meticulous of their restaurant. I would definitely return for more lobster!Thai lake what can I say your food is good and always satisfies. Wish u guys stayed opened later. Some times the wait staff can be rude but doesn't have too often.  Call ahead cause this place gets packed very quickly.*Hands Down* for great food + generous portion and GREAT price!
Either I was starving from our walking tour or this place really has amazing food. I enjoyed all the dishes we ordered (a total of 9 dishes I believe) Thus, whatever that is on the menu, it should be save to order. Their seafood and vegetable dishes were fresh. Ahhh.. talking about it makes my mouth water. If I have a chance to visit Philly again, I'd love to revisit this place.I stopped here for a quick dinner the other night for the first time, it was in full swing and there were tables with as many as 10 people sitting together. The waiters have amazing agility and are all extremely skinny, as they had no problems balancing huge platters of food and squeezing between all the squished tables. If you have a phobia of overcrowded rooms, messy eaters, and people chatting and speaking loud abrasive chinese, this is not the place for you. The food was standard, true chinese fare-tasty oily salty and for me, homey. Out front they have tanks of frogs, lobster, fish, and prawns/shrimps- which prompted us to order multiple rounds of fried frog legs. It was my first time having that in a long time, and the old me still rings true; I'm not a fan. My friends however, devoured 3 orders of it and left mighty satisfied. Everything we ordered came out hot and fast, and sat well in our bellies. 
I would love to return to try a few other of my favorite dishes! I'll be back soon.I come here at random times with different people, and every time I step foot into this little restaurant that appalls you with jumping frogs,  I am never disappointed. The frogs are delicious by the way. Those little slimey sons of guns. The owner of the place is very attentive and nice. All of the waiters/waitresses are fast and listen to what you want. Their pina coladas are to DIE for and everything else they offer is good. Fresh food all the time. This Is A must  when you are in Chinatown. DON'T MISS IT!! GO GO GOThe food was good but felt rush with all the entrees coming out at the same time. The waiter are rude and is not helpful when ordering entrees.This is the place to go in Philadelphia for fresh seafood authentic Asian food. Open until 3am on the weekendsFrequently dining here makes me miss chinatown food back at home so much. Food here is decent but not as good . Everytime I dined here it brings me down memory lane. Whether I'm dining with my family or a group of good companies I always enjoyed it back home. We always ordered the same exact things because that's what we all enjoyed eating most. 
Service here is always great. There could be a bit of a wait sometimes on late nights weekends .9/1/2010 
I'm basing this on the smallest of small sample sizes--in town travelling by myself, and I only ordered one dish.  But the clams with Chinese okra and clear vermicelli were done so nicely, I'm giving a review anyway.  Very mild and very much in the Cantonese tradition, everything was quite fresh and I gorged myself sufficiently without hesitation.  I'll try this place again with the SO so we can sample some of those live frogs they have in the front, but so far I'm liking this place.Mmmm fresh shrimp!  I love the fresh-boiled shrimp and the pepper sauce that comes with them.  They take them from the tank up front and bring them out piping hot and pink from the back.  Can't get much fresher than that!  Also not to
Be missed - Tai Lake beef soup!I love this place the food has always been great. I have been going to this place every time i visited when i lived in NY. since i live in Philly now i visit at least once a week. staff is nice very accommodating.
DanWow, extremely good. Best general tsao's I've ever had. Service is great, and for what I had, delicious. If it means anything, most patrons are of Asian descent. That's usually a good sign. Happy eating!
After enjoying the entire meal, I can't recommend this place enough. Very good food, service is over the top for American standards, and worth every penny, which is cheap in regards to what you get. Must try, in my opinion.I am not sure if I wasn't impressed b/c I wasn't too hungry when arrived, but this was just OK.  I have heard a lot of good things about Thai Lake and wanted to give it a try.  We ordered the live shrimp to be made into sweet shrimp.  These little guys were tasty.  My husband ordered the pan fried dumplings which were meh.  We then split the steamed chicken with vegetables. This dish was lite but still tasty.  The orange slices at the end were refreshing!  thats about all i can say...I go to China several times a year. While no restaurant is exactly like what I visit in Southern China, Tai Lake is a lot closer than most.
This is a place for real seafood lovers. A little crowded, and not huge, you may. Wait a few minutes. But if you love fish, crab, and various shellfish, this is what you are looking for.
Good seafood is both tasty and has a lightness and freshness that is impossible to fake. They send out to the fresh seafood shop two doors up when they need something not on their tanks.
I especially recommend the scallops in black pepper sauce - and no, it is not very spicy, but you will be smiling.3.5 stars. 
Came here last night after a win in AC (it wasn't big, but it did pay for this dinner!) We ordered take out since it was getting a little late and we wanted to get the kids in bed. Oh man, I didn't realize this place gets beyond crowded, but it didn't effect my food being made in a timely manner. 
Scallion ginger lobster - Amazing. Lobster is my staple food choice. I can eat it everyday for the rest of my life. This place makes it so good! The lobster is covered in the perfect amount of flour and seasoned just right. My wife ate probably 3 pieces and I ate the remaining order. No leftovers for today :-(
Peking duck - I recommend skipping this. One, I thought peking duck shouldn't have bones... what happened here? I got a dish filled with it. And 2, I thought it also isn't supposed to be as fatty? I felt they gave me roast duck and threw in some Bao's and called it a day.
Salted fish fried rice - so good! This is the first place that I've tried it years and years ago, and it's still as good as I remember. Only place that you can actually taste the salted fish. Delicious
Snails in black bean sauce - The snails were of nice size and so tasty. For those who don't know how to eat snails - try and suck it out and if you get it out, make sure you spit out the black scale looking thing. If that doesn't work, dig it out with a toothpick. Swirl swirl swirl, and wala!
Beef chow fun with gravy - Ehhhh, i felt it too bland. the sauce wasn't flavored enough. I felt like I was eating noodles in water. 
Fish Maw soup - love that they make it thick, however, I felt it could have used a tad bit more seasoning. They did give me spicy soy sauce, so I used it to give it more flavor.
Overall - When I go back, it'll mainly be for just the seafood. Fresh and cooked just right.This place was excellent for a Chinese place. The picking duck was incredible! The lobster Yi Mein was delicious! Can say enough good things about this place. We didn't have one bad dish. Service was excellent - not typical of a Chinese restaurant. Bathroom was clean.Well, well, well...We seem to have gotten ourselves into a little goin-to -Chinatown- late-Sunday-nights habit. We keep odd hours.To eat this well at 1 AM on a Monday morning is nothing short of delightful.
I don't know how we ended up ordering so much food, but we certainly did. Maybe it's because it feels very banquet-hall like there? We needed to throw ourselves a banquet? I can tell you that cold leftover spicy fried soft-shell crab is an excellent breakfast. Oh but it was very tasty hot as was just about every dish we sampled.
There are a lot of dishes that I want to try from Tai Lake.  A plate of scallops went sizzling by and I made myself a mental note: next time.
The sauteed clams with minced pork were spicy and tasty, loved the gingery fried fish with scallions and hot peppers too. I mentioned the spicy fried soft shell crabs, didn't I? Oh yeah. I did. Very good. Very fresh-tasting seafood here. All that and we got steamed pork dumplings Cantonese style (the only thing I wasn't crazy about), stir-fried garlicky spinach, and half a roast duck! Why did we need half a duck too? It was served with pillowy soft bao buns, of course, along with shredded scallions and hoisin. It was a feast and no one batted an eye or nudged each other like, "Get a load of these animals!" At least not to our faces...which were full of chomping. 
As I mentioned, leftovers today were phenomenal.Snails with Soy Sauce (delicious!)  I didn't eat too many snails before moving to PA, so the waiter taught us how to suck the snail out of its shell.  Pretty FUN!  If they prepare it properly, the snail should easily dislodge and flow happily into your tummy.
Snow Pea tips with garlic (delicious!) 
Fried Flounder (delicious!) 
Lobster with ginger and scallions (it was okay)So when we had called and placed our take out order, they told us 15 minutes and when we got there we ended up waiting even longer. Why couldn't they just say 30-45 minutes when we had called? Finding parking in Chinatown philly is a nightmare. Since we ended up waiting for so long, they told us that our order was only partially ready and so they would give us what they had cooked so far of this dish and give us a partial refund on our bill......we got home and we immediately saw why, cuz there were so few! I still liked the dish but come on!
I had originally wanted to get one of those spicy salted king crabs but they were way over $30 per crab so I settled for soft shell crabs. It was a nice compromise altho you know, the flavor and texture were vastly different from the king crab. but overall, this place is well known for their fresh seafood options (they walk to the fish tanks (and frog tanks) in front of the store and walk straight to the kitchen where a nice boiling pot of water awaits. Since we had ordered take out tho, we didn't want to get fresh seafood and let it go bad on the way home.  I would like to go back and check out the fresh seafood options and dine in.this place is great! had fried seafood salt &pepper, beef soups, and couple more dishes everything was fine and service was great too, might want to try fish from fish tank next time! one thing I was not liked it was main dish came out first and fried rice came out last but worth to try!Visit Date: 08.16.2010
Had a 10+ course meal here as part of a welcoming reception for a neighborhood housing event that my nonprofit was partaking in. Pretty good standard Chinese fare, nothing really sticks out, but then again we didn't order the major seafood specialties. The Peking duck was good.This place never disappoints me at all.  Authentic chinese food at its best.  What ever you choose here, you cant go wrong.  My only gripe about this place is that its seats are quite compact and always busy, thats not a bad thing!!
Happy Eatings!!Solid late night food.  Came in at around 2AM after a night of drinking and this place really hit the spot. Got the bird's nest with seafood, which was awesome with deliciously fried noodles.  The beef with green peppers was also great, except a bit too many peppers and not enough beef.  At 2AM on a Friday, the place was pretty busy and they were still serving beers.  This will definitely be my go-to spot for late night eating.The service is wonderful here. The staff is always friendly. The owner always comes to shake my hand and say goodbye as I walk out. I always get the roasted duck and everytime it is cooked to perfection. I have been here about 5 times and each time I only waited for about 2 minutes. Highly recommend this place in chinatown for dinner.Great food, bring the crew for a family style chow down.Whenever we visit Philadelphia, my extended family always takes us out for dinner here. My parents love the fresh seafood, as they're kept alive in tanks near the entrance, and there are many options for the kids. The restaurant is often packed, but luckily there is a second floor dining area which is only available if there is a long wait. We're usually seated quickly, even with a large party of 10+. The servers are bilingual (even trilingual) and very quick on their feet. 
We love eating family-style here, which is just ordering a bunch of food for everyone at the table to share. Their house tea is delicious and pairs well with the food. Some of our favorite dishes are jelly fish, peking duck, salt fish fried rice, and sweet and sour shrimp. 
The only thing that might not suit some is the live fish being carried from the entrance of the restaurant, through the restaurant, and into the kitchen. Often times, they're placed in plastic bags or even just held by barehands. This often results in water dripping onto the carpet beside your table. Since the restaurant is quite small, this does not go unnoticed. It can also get quite loud, so often times you have to get a server's attention as they're walking by, as they do not constantly check on you. This stuff is not only unique to this restaurant, as I have noticed it's just how traditional ones in Chinatown are compared to the newer, modern ones. 
I highly recommend coming taking your family here; there's just something for everyone.Best Cantonese restaurant in Philadelphia. Almost everything I've ordered here has been excellent, especially the seafood.  
They have two menus- the large, comprehensive menu, and the smaller live seafood menu.  If you want to guarantee a good experience, order most of your items from the small menu (although there are plenty of gems on the large menu as well).  The live seafood's excellent quality and well taken care of-- take a look at it when you enter.  
The one thing I order without exception at Tai Lake is the $3.00 GIANT OYSTER (it's on the small menu and I think it's called "steamed oyster with scallion").  It's a 7-9 inch long oyster on the half-shell, opened live then skillfully steamed in the shell, served with a delicate ginger-scallion sauce that tastefully mingles with the oyster liquor.  These are great quality oysters, prepared with complete respect for their natural flavor.  And you won't believe how spectacular 10 of these BB's look on a platter in the middle of your table.  SHOUT OUT GIANT OYSTER.
It's also hard not to order the Peking duck-- it's my platonic duck ideal.  It's not cheap, but it's no more expensive than at Sang-Kee, and 2x as perfect. Perfect skin.  Perfectly salty.  Perfect amount of fat under the skin. Etc.
Other highlights:  
-BBQ scallop- don't worry, there's no BBQ involved.  This is a sweet egg custard containing cubes of scallop baked in a scallop shell.  
-Sautéed live eel with xo sauce and sugar snap peas-- the snap peas are perfectly cooked.
-Jellyfish and 'cold meat' salad- in a vinaigrette, very refreshing
-Fried jumbo shrimp with mayo- one of the most perfect renditions of this dish I've ever had.  The shrimp balls and sauce are flawless, the walnuts are candied, the broccoli is perfectly cooked.  
-Salt baked baby fish- tiny fish, salt-baked whole.  
-Fried crispy stuffed bean curd-  Delicate tofu stuffed with shrimp then deep fried.  
-The 'royal clam and prince mushroom' dish- get it.
-Salt baked items- not as good as at shiao lan kung, but still worth it.  
-BBQ spare ribs with honey sauce- great pork ribs
-Steamed minced pork with squid or fermented fish (avoid the fermented fish if you're wary of extreme flavors... I love the flavor it adds to the pork, but fish itself is too much for me).  
-Short rib and eggplant casserole- in a complex and powerful sauce, beefy and black bean-y
I should also mention that they also have GREAT PINA COLADAS.Jack Daniels and diet coke for $4.50. Yay! Ok I'm full, super stuffed to be exact. I'm not sure what the names are of everything I just ate here but everything was really good. I know we had shrimp, snail, steak, fish. Some kind of soup and a few vegetable dishes. All really good. I had to force myself to stop eating!  Oh and the red bean dessert = hella good!
Oh and our party had some wine and beer as well. Since we ordered 9 dishes they threw in the alcohol, rice, and dessert for free! Dayum good service!The food is authentic, solid and my parents' new favorite restaurant. They do well on live steamed fish, walnut jumbo shrimp, salted baked squid (or seafood, which includes scallops and shrimp), and pork and clams. Since my family likes to experiment with new seafood dishes,  the waitresses and waiters are great at recommending new and good dishes to try. 
It is usually packed on weekends with long wait times unless you go early (5ish). They can take reservations depending on your group size or whether or not it is a holiday (which requires a minimum of 5 people or more).For over a month now, we been on a quest to try out different places in Chinatown. For some reason, I've walked past this place a million times and never noticed it. Finally, today I'm standing on the opposite side of the street in the rain waiting for the others to catch up and I see this place for the first time. The sign says seafood and the place is on a block between my 2 favorite seafood markets, so I figured it was a good bet.
We walked in there pretty early so it was easy to get a table. By the time we left, the place was packed. They have these fish tanks at the front and you see them pulling out live shrimp. They certainly have fresh seafood.
We ordered the grouper filet with yellow scallions. That was great! We also had the soft shell crabs with peppers over shredded lettuce. That was also great!
This was my favorite place so far in Chinatown. Well, for seafood anyway. I saw a lot of other dishes that I really want to try, so it's safe to say we'll be back.good for midnight snacksFood is excellent. I believe it's one of chinatown's best eateries. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the service can be better. But it IS chinatown...Seafood is fresh...as in you see the waiters bring fish or the crab from tank to the kitchen. We ordered a striped sea bass, which was cooked perfectly. We ordered the clams with minced meat- good but a little dry, wish it had more sauce with it. Will try clams with black bean sauce next time. I was disappointed they ran out of soft shell crab. Definitely will come again.this place is SOOOO GOOD! i stopped by here on my way home from new york per a friend's recommendation. such good authentic food! none of that panda express bullshit. im full chinese so it was nice that this place had exotic dishes on their menu! deffintiley try:
- crabmeat and dry scallop fried rice
- west lake beef soup 
- shark fin soup!!!!
- abalone with black mushroom 
- spicy fillet eel 
- large $4 OYSTERSSSSSS so goooooooddddddd
just writing this review makes me want to hop in my car and go!This was, by far our favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown but I've been very disappointed the last few times we've been here. The salt baked squid that we usually order came out chewy, almost tasting like rubber. The mayo shrimp (my favorite) did not taste the same, it tasted a little sour, we couldn't finish it. The rice tasted like days old rice. It just wasn't as good as it use to be. I understand one time but this has happen the last 2-3 times.This place definitely has the flavor down. My sister told me about this place and said that I had to eat the Beef Chow fun. I hate how she is right all the time, and this time I'm thankful she was. The beef chow fun was so good, the aroma and the perfectly cooked beef. The beef was so tender and not chewy or dry. The walnut shrimp was amazing too, just needed a little bit less mayo.The Jelly Fish, Cold Cut & Crispy Pork Intestine is exquisite. And they serve Gimlets!This is my safe restaurant. I've had some less than great experiences in terms of food, but it's good 95% of the time. Fried soft shell crabs, fried frogs, fried shrimp with mayonaise, and shrimp.Often chosen for a special occasion, such as a Father's Day celebration. Good food- and affordable. Good service. Clean silverware, plates, and cups. Decent restrooms. Appropriate to bring your big family to.I'll be blunt. For the mediocre food that they serve and the slightly above par chinatown service, it was worth frequenting every now and then. 
Food itself was nothing great. Their soft-shell crab is one of the better dishes there. There is not much of a difference between what I can cook for myself (and I can't even cook) and what they serve at Tai Lake, the only major difference is the amount of msg they add to their food. Regarding service, the waitstaff has always been relatively courteous as opposed to hostile or apathetic like other restaurants in chinatown. I appreciate not getting rudely looked at or having to ask for missing utensils or simple refills of water. So when I said slightly above par chinatown service, I meant that they did what they should at any dine-in restaurant.
I enjoyed a relatively normal dinner with friends today and ordered an entree to go towards the end of our meal. The to-go bag was brought out, followed by the check. I saw that they added the to-go order on the same check and thought nothing of it. So what happened when it came to figuring out the bill between 4 people? We decided that 15% tip was sufficient for the service we received. Average service for average tip. We have always tipped 15% here and had no problems. As we left, an older guy sitting at the desk stopped us to tell us that we shorted them on tip.
This was not possible I thought. My friends and I generally order the same things here (we like to stick to things we know are decent) and our bill normally comes out the same. Moreover, we usually calculate the bill down to the penny to make it fair for everyone. Well, let me tell you, I've NEVER been stopped at ANY restaurants for leaving too little for tip. The imbecile at Tai Lake had the audacity to tell us we under tipped them?!? And why you may ask? He was adamant that we should have tipped on the whole total (including the to-go order). Now I don't know how they do it at these chinatown restaurants, but normal people don't tip on to-go orders. Furthermore, tipping is not mandatory..it is offered as appreciation for service. So again, I ask (if the owner reads this) WHY DO YOU EXPECT ME TO TIP FOR AN ORDER THAT IS FOR TAKE-OUT??  Secondly, is a measley extra $2 worth losing 2 or more customers that frequent your restaurant and order several entrees each time?? Answer should be no, but apparently you think it's worth it.
So my recommendation for everyone who decides to frequent this place...DON'T..unless you're ready for the chinatown experience where merchants run after you if you tip them too little (according to their genius math skills and poor business ethics).A little pricey, but good food! Will be back to try the abalone and other seafood dishes!Had dinner here this past weekend and thought the food was good. We ordered the salt and peppered soft shelled crab, beef sizzling plate and water spinach sautéed with garlic. The over all taste was good. The only complaint I had was the meat in the sizzling plate was too grizzly and fatty. The meat they used is Korean kalbi which is very fatty and contains bones. I Was expecting sliced meat like most others I've had in this dish. The majority of the meat was left uneaten due to the fat. All the dishes has too much oil which left a strange feeling of my throat being coated with oil..not pleasant.Tai Lake is one the gems in Chinatown. You can't beat the freshness of the seafood and the authenticity of the cuisine.