As an OG former worker, here's some tips to get the most out of your bucks here at Tango (:
There are special discounted drinks every day so ask your bartender/server for that. The best deal is probably fridays, $10 for a shot of patron and a corona!!  
Happy hours are the best time to visit with discounted drinks and food! 
Per Groupon customers, expect to pay gratuity before the groupon deal apply. It really is 20%, not anymore. Make sure to call and confirm your party a week before and days before; since Tango sometimes double book and mistakes happen. 
Room services are automatic 20% gratuity!
Food I's recommend: 
THERE ARE NO SUSHI!!
Apps: salt baked/teriyaki/spicy/Thai chilly wings, pan fried seafood dumplings, pork/veggie gyoza, takoyaki (octopus), spring rolls, grilled whole squid. 
Yakitory (skewers): Japanese sausage, zucchini, bourbon chicken, ribeye steak, fish tofu (itss fish, not tofu), fish balls. 
Entrees: pad Thai is hands down good!, yakiudon, yakisoba, any stir fry from wok is delicious, kalbi/curry/bulgolgi/bourbon chicken don are worth the price and yummy! Fried rice options are great also, might have to ask for soy sauce on the side but they are delicious!
If you need service from inside the room, turn on the service light from inside the room and your server will come to help as soon as they can!I called to make a reservation and they messed up with the date. Throw off my whole plan. When I called to complain they were like: "so what do you want me to do?" Worst costumer service ever.Great Food, Karaoke and Good Prices. I have been here twice once just to eat and I finally came back with a group of friends for Karaoke night. We all had a great time the next time I plan on renting a room.Love this place :) I don't care how crowded it gets. It's always a fun time with my girls! Bartenders are pretty attentive when you need something!This Place is amazing!!!!!! I love how modern this place is and the way they have everything setup. The sign is definitely cool esp. at night. The big screen projection on the out side glass is very cool. 
The bartenders were amazing and cool. I don't know what the bad reviews are about. 
After a Night of drinking and singing upstairs we got the boot at 2 but we went downs stairs and grabbed some grub. 
I dont know what that other girl was talking about the Pho was pretty good. The Pho definitely hit the spot at 2AM!
DanMy friend picked to go here for her birthday after getting a living social / Groupon deal. We have gone before and it is a good time if you're into Karokoe. She made a reservation for a room on a Saturday night and there were no problems with that. So we got in the room and looked over the menus and go to order sushi only to find out that they no longer serve sushi. Bummer but not the end of the world. My vegetarian friend who is gets very sick with shellfish ordered the vegetarian soup. It comes out and she instantly suspected that there was shrimp in the soup. It had a fishy smell and she thought she could see chunks. So she tried a small sip and felt that she was confident with knowing there was shrimp. So I tried some and agreed that yes, she's right. Keep in mind that it's dark in the room so it's really hard to see your food.  So she tells our server about it and the server disagreed with her, assuring my friend that she received the vegetarian soup and that she's just not used to the taste possibly because it's asian. Now my friend not wanting to cause a scene just said ok. She knew she was right and the server was wrong and so when the server came back she told her again, only this time insisted. So the server pulled the other server that happened to be in our room and they both leaned over the soup and  inspected it before agreeing that it's possible my friend is correct, then our server took the soup back to the kitchen. Later she comes back with a new bowl that IS vegetarian and explain that the two soup are next to each other in the kitchen and it was the kitchen's mistake and they are so sorry.  
I get that there are mistaken in restaurants all the time BUT IMO with the amount of people that are allergic to shellfish, why would you have the two soup next to each other. Plus I thought it was not appropriate on how the server told my friend the first time that she was wrong.  Since I didn't see the bill in the end (just handed over my portion) I'm not sure if they compted the soup or not. 
Other than that, I'm not sure what goes into getting the rights for songs but the song selection is mediocre and some of the videos for the songs feel like they were filmed in another decade in other countries. One video for a current song had a family swimming in the ocean with a naked baby and the camera just stayed on the baby for an uncomfortable amount of time.This place is absolutely the worse. Over priced for nothing. Booked this for my daughters 21st birthday party, was 150 a hour for max time of 2 hours. Or you buy 300 dollars worth of food and drinks. Plus 20% gratuity. The food was ok. People didn't really eat it. So at the end of the night. The waiter packed it up for us. What should have been about 4 containers of food left over we only got 2. The waiter seemed very disinterested in serving, so what the 20% was for I don't know other then to rip off the customer. The music selection was pretty bad. Not to much old school or newer music. If you go with a large group they will only split the bill 3 ways. So be careful with a large party ur bill could be over 300 quickly. After your 2 hrs are up u have the option to go upstairs which was small with 2 sections blocked off for VIP. In order to set there in VIP u had to order a 150$ bottle. After juicing you for over 300$ they have he nerve to ask u to pay 150$ more for nothing. Basically to sit down.  Needless to say we left and went somewhere else for free. Unless or a karaoke guru, I would stay far away from this place. They only take cash too, and have a Mac machine inside so if u wanna pay them a extra 3 bucks to get cash go right aheadDecent selection of karaoke songs and pretty spacious private rooms.  We came here after dinner at Penang and definitely liked the setup more than that at Yakitori Boy.  It easily fit all 20 of us and the interactive song selection screen was much easier to use.  The drinks themselves were pretty meh.  The sangria was very sweet and I couldn't taste any of the alcohol, which says a lot since I have a very low tolerance and very high sensitivity.  It was pretty neat, though, that they brought out sparklers with every new bottle of Ketel One.  Our hostess was friendly and helpful, and we did enjoy the ambiance and msuic selection.  The actual club itself is nothing to rave about and the majority of the clientele are 30-35+.  Overall, it's nicer and cleaner than Yakitori Boy, likely because of its younger age.I come here to drink and sing(after a few drinks) For that I give it 5 stars. I like the beer selection and song selection. The staff is well experienced and provide great service. The karaoke rooms are nice, private and clean. great for small intimate parties or just belting out some tunes to a room full of strangers. Great chill spot.I came here for happy hour with my boyfriend while in Chinatown. The $2 bourbon/curry chicken skewers is what caught our eyes. We were a little peckish from walking around the city all day and they had a great happy hour going on. We ordered coconut shrimp, crab Rangoon, bourbon chicken skewers, curry chicken skewers, and seafood dumplings from the happy hour menu. For the price I can't complain too much but it's definitely bar food and very fried which I'm not a fan of. I would probably get the bourbon chicken again if anything. 
The drinks were the crowd pleaser for us. We got the $5 belvedere cocktail which was belvedere with whatever you'd like. We had it with a splash of cranberry and orange juice and that was pretty tasty.
Overall it was a nice atmosphere but I don't think I would go there to eat at full price due to the quality (fried) of the food. But it got the job done and we got out under 40 bucks for two people so I think I would go back for drinks.This review is for the second floor karaoke experience only; haven't ordered anything on the regular menu to date....
I've been here several times, both for happy hour and I also held a private party here. This place is quickly becoming 'my spot' for a great time, no matter what day of the week. The selection of songs is current, the bartenders are friendly, the guy DJ is awesome!!! (haven't met the lady DJ yet) and the crowd that tends to roll in after 9pm is hilarious; I always have had a great time!
The only reason why they aren't 5 stars was due to my experience renting a private karaoke room. Things seemed a bit disorganized with the staff and the self-serve karaoke machine wasn't very intuitive. 
I'll be hitting up this place quite frequently! Great layout, great music, great crowd!1st experience was good a little RUDE I thought but had an awesome time. Thought ok give it another chance, needless to say will not be returning. RUDENESS is how they do at Tango!! I feel from the very beginning we were being RUSHED. Had a Groupon for 10 in the party room, great value! As much as you pay for alcoholic drinks you need to get what you pay for..."Cherry Limeade". Where was the VODKA? Food was good. Despite the fact of being RUSHED the room was not prepared properly I guess from the previous party. Private bathroom had NO paper towels. The 1of 2 mics DIED half way through our time...btw neither replaced during the remainder of the session...however they did bring in extra napkins. LOL then an employee basically busted in with no announcement to retrieve glassware.. I guess they ran out at the bar! RUDE never asked if we were finished or anything we all looking like WTF!!! Despite the RUDENESS & WEAK DRINK... We had a good time!I would give this place 0 if i could, I went here with my friends and got a private room, they took my drivers license and debit card (for safety purposes wtf) the waiter was horrible arguing with us for an extra ten dollars he added to the bill for no reason, and i got my id and credit card two hours after i gave it! I shouldve suspected something then but i was so stupid I didnt do anything and a day after I noticed money taking out of my account for escort services. DO NOT GO. THEY WILL CON YOU.Other than the fact that this place was highly expensive, my friends and I were sooo excited to try this place on Halloween night! Although we arrived roughly 10 minutes before our reservation (that I booked about a month prior) we were still asked to wait at least 10 minutes into our reservation so that they could check our room! When we were taken to the room, there was still a spill on the floor that was not cleaned, covered by a chair when moved. To make matters worst, our waitress by the name of "Jasmine R" was really impatient and rushed with us. She seemed annoyed with the fact that we had never been there and she had to explain to us about how to use the equipment. Not cool!! She kept interrupting us (without use of the service light) for last calls even though we made it clear to her that we were fine the first time. She was really short with us, like she either hated us or her job. (The food and drinks were mediocre! No more for me, thanks!) Ironically, not even one minute after our reservation ended, as we were gathering our things, they were rushing us out! Without even saying a word. They were literally cleaning around our things. The girl mopped my feet because I wasnt moving fast enough. Overall, never again. I spent $252 ( room reservation and gratituity included) to have a good time only to be shorted my reservation time, receive terrible service and be rushed out! NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!!I had fun here. The food was really good. The wings were excellent. Crispy with lots of flavor. I also had the scallion pancake which was very good and the chicken dumplings. They were not made really well and did not taste very good.
The karaoke itself was fun. Our reservation was for 11:45. The room was big and fit our 8 guest easily. The song selection was not that great. But the more popular songs were there. The drinks were kind of expensive. With the gratuity already added on the bill was really high. I'd go back but only if I had another Groupon.I went here for a friend's birthday party in the private karaoke room. . His gf planned the whole thing and picked Tango for a karaoke place since we've already been to Yakitori boy. It's exactly the same as Yakitori Boy. Same karaoke system. Same private room set up. So basically you get a room and a waitress assigned to you. Hit the button to call her. 
The only time we really get a room is when we get the special where you spend a minimum of (the cost of the room x hours spent) and the room comes free. If you plan on eating and drinking, it's a good deal since the rooms are like like 60$/hr (depending on the size of the room). You would need to reserve a room and a room size ahead of time. 
The big thing is that Tango just opened up not too long ago, so you can get the room special during the weekends versus Yakitori boy where the special is like Monday-Thursday (Yaki does have these specials during holidays and random weekends too). 
I hear the waitresses here are alot cuter too. 
The one thing I have to say/complain about is the food. The menu is so small and overpriced. If you're looking to drink and eat, I'd go to Yakitori Boy. But the whole night, we ate crab rangoons and stuff like that. I was still hungry at the end of the night, and if you go with friends who drink.. most likely you're paying for their drinks. If you're just looking to drink and eating something so that you don't get too drunk too fast, Tango is fine. 
The food was okay.. nothing great, but I would have rather spent more money on sushi while karaoking. Great service though.I went there because I was craving sushi. It was during happy hour so I figured why not give them a try. Ok, so I order my drink and it's good. I then try to order sushi and the bartender tells me they don't serve sushi., at this point I'm pissed and I'm confused at this point because their online menu has sushi on it. Anyways, I order the seafood egg rolls and it was absolutely disgusting- like straight from the freezer and fried. Then I had the seafood steamed dumplings and they were also nasty. The bartender was very nice. While the food wasn't the best I would go back because they play great music and the drinks are good.the bartenders are cute and friendly.  It s a slightly high end kareoke bar that is super narrow.. the menu was eclectic and a little pricey imho but otherwise its a good time.  
Honorable mention:  the projection system palying music videos on the front window is genius and super cool.My stars are about a 31/2.  I bought a living social deal that pretty much wiped my room fee and gave me $100 towards food and non alcoholic drinks.  I booked my party after verifying it was for children and they told me the rooms can fit 25 comfortably.  We get there and they scheduled us in a small room in which my waiter said they scheduled us in the wrong room and they put us in the bigger room.  That was very nice(thank goodness) and they gave us an extra half hour due to the moving around.  Staff was very kind and courteous and food was amazing and can still take those chicken skewers....yum!!!!
Downfalls: The machine is very complicated to use so we had to tolerate hearing the mics louder than the music and it was longer finding and picking songs.  The thing that upset me the most was I called a few times to clarify my living socal deal since it was too good to be true and I asked every single time what I needed to pay for.  We even clarified gratuity on the $100 which would be $20, but when the party was over I was given a bill for gratuity on the total of the room which was $300(which I did not pay for since that was the living social deal) and the food.  I was very disappointed I wasn't given the proper information as many times as my OCD self asked.  
Parking around the corner on 10th in the garage only cost us $8 for 3hrs unlike the lot next to Tango which was super expensive.
All in all the kids and the few adults had a ball and the food was so delicious!!!  Be prepared to spend money!I live on the block and have watched the construction of this place for months, and finally made it! I was excited to see a new spot open up to complete with Yakitori Boy, one of my faves.  
Went in with the gf for dinner on a Saturday night.  The interior design is very cool, and I like the large sliding door in the front.  Decor is good, very fresh, both up and downstairs.  
Service: Our waitress didn't seem to know what was on draft at the bar, and not amazing, but one of the other guys stepped up and helped out much better.
Drinks: Cold beers, nothing special.  I ordered a mojito ($12 - not sure why it was so expensive?) and it definitely wasn't anything to write home about.  A bit weak if you ask me...
Food: Crab rangoons - very tasty and loved the dipping sauce.  Beef Yakisoba - the beef was very tough but the noodles and mushroms were tasty. Chicken Katsu Don - chicken cooked and breaded perfectly, but not enough sauce to cover the the chicken fully or even get a decent amount on the rice. 
The verdict - I'll be back, since it's right across the street, and we didn't get any karaoke time in.  Nothing to write home about, but a decent spot for a quick meal and a drink in Chinatown.  You'll probably get better food somewhere else in Chinatown, but the decor looks great in this one, and I think that's what you're paying for at Tango.Food and drink selections are okay. There's a different crowd every time I visit this place but the entertainment is pretty much consistent...karaoke and booze.Nope. Just nope.  Don't do it.  So many other places that do karaoke and food so much better, not to mention ambiance and service. Came here after watching a show at Trocadero.  We had already paid for parking (right next door) so rather than leave the area and go someplace else, we decided to go to Tango mainly because of proximity. We didn't check Yelp first, what were we thinking!?!?
This place needs a major overhaul. My bar chair was barely being held together, it easily swayed 2-3 inches in any direction as I sat on it.  Yikes.  I was scared to move.  Bar had one bartender for a Friday night and barback was in training. He actually took my honey's drink away before he even finished it R.I.P. spice rum & coke. The bartender was busy to say the least and tried his best to tend to us quickly but he busts couldn't keep up with the crowd.  
We ordered chicken dumplings and chicken pad thai.  Dumplings were super thick and 90% dough.  I'm not even sure I tasted any chicken. I've had better from Wegmans. Pad Thai was very small for the $15 price tag.  No egg on top, barely any peanuts, if there were any, and very skimpy on the chicken.  Drinks were fine...that was the beat part of the whole experience. I used the rest room before I left and it was dirty with an extra sticky floor, yuck. We won't be backThis place is well decorated and has lots of potential. I remember passing by earlier in the summer when it first opened and the line being enormously long. Well, the hype has died down and there really wasn't that much of a karaoke crowd upstairs. The emcee had a hard time getting people to actually keep singing and so they had to play the vocals of the songs for most of the night. 
The drinks were okay...my friends and I didn't get anything special. All I know is that one of my friends didn't even finish his cranberry vodka before we high tailed it out of there to yakitori boy, the other nearby karaoke bar. The crowd there is definitely younger and we've always had a better time there. 
I'm looking forward to trying the food on the first floor and hopefully, will be able to rate this place higher.Came here for the first time ever and I was rudely told by a security guard to take my hat off on the second floor instead of pulling me to side and telling me why this rule is in place and told me to go down stairs to wear my hat like it was national security there was no customer service rule is stupid how u going telling take my hat off while u have a hat on does that really make sense but I was clearly told but people down stairs told me why this rule is in place we're u can wear it but that's how's it doneI came here a few times but I still prefer Yaki- than this establishment.  The food is mediocre and I just don't like the feel here. Maybe it's bad feng shui, Idk. 
However,  my husband loves it here. He likes their massive tv, and we both do like the contemporary style. Also, the servers and bartender seems pretty friendly and nice.I love eating but I also love belting some Top 40's hits with my friends. Give me a microphone in one hand and some grilled meat-on-a-stick in the other, and you've got a happy camper. 
We came on a late Saturday afternoon because we had some under-21s in our group and they're only allowed in before 9pm or something I think. It was kind of an awkward time but I didn't mind--the place was relatively empty so we were able to avoid the nighttime crowds! Plus, our servers were always very attentive in coming into give us water refills and taking away dirty plates. 
The karaoke system was a little tricky to use, but our server Rachel was more than happy to walk us through it. Their song selection is pretty comprehensive and varied, they even have that silly Ew! song by Jimmy Fallon and will.i.am if that's any indication. Food was pretty good -- we ordered the bourbon chicken, steak, lamb, fish tofu and fish ball skewers; salt baked wings, pork and veggie dumplings, scallion pancakes and Tango fries (aka just regular fries). I really liked the steak and lamb skewers as well as the salt baked wings. The dumplings were greasy and I've definitely had better scallion pancakes elsewhere in Chinatown. But I can't complain, Tango isn't known for their food (and I don't think really aims to be?) so it didn't detract from a wonderful experience!
I would definitely recommend getting a Groupon for this place (especially when Groupon is having a 20-30% off deal!) because it's cheap and comes with money to spend on food! I will be back...but probably only with a Groupon. If I wanted a cheap karaoke fix on any other day, I'd probably go to Rodeo at 69th St.It's it OK! It was a group party the service was nice, but I must say they are very expensive and the drinks are watered down. I believe the more people there the more they water down their drinks. Also, I steped out and went to the bar, the bartender was very rude and also charged me 20% on my drink because I was in a room with a group. The chunky Asian bartender with the skimpy man bun is very rude. When I ask why am I being charged 20% he got very upset and nasty and also didn't give me my change. They over charge for everything, not one thing on the menu was a reasonable price. If you plan on going here be aware of the prices and how they overcharge. And watch out for the chunky bartender with the man bun he may have something against colored people.I came here with my girlfriend s for a night of drinking and singing. ..The food was good but later on I suffered horribly...okay the place is very nice with private rooms and nice decor. ..
The reason why this place loses stars is because of the customer service..I was carded when I first came in..about an hour goes by I want a drink the bouncer rudely asks for my id...I tried telling him that I shown it to the hostess prior to him coming...He still gave me attitude and wanted it...He never once said sorry for the inconvenience but it's policy....The bar tender looked annoyed that she was working. ..So I never ordered another drink...I will not come back to this place. .I was treated rudely and got sick...I can't and I wont....A group of 10 of us had a reservation for Saturday night @ 8pm. I was the first one to show up at approx 7:45. I stood at the counter for about 2 minutes, then a gentleman showed up to assist me.  I asked if I could go up to the room or would I have to wait for all of my party. He advised that the room was booked and that it would not be available until 8:45pm.  I called my friend who made the initial reservation so she could deal with them.  When I hung up with her, he advised that he spoke to his boss and they would set us up in a different room then switch us out once our real room was available. 
The only other issue for the rest of the night was the Karaoke machine itself. Searching and adding songs to our queue was not as easy as they made it seem. Also, random songs kept playing and took forever to figure out how to delete them and move on. Overall, it was a fun night and we got a free hour due to them messing up our reservation.Great place!  Love the music. The food was great and the drinks can't complain. Staff was very attentive! Definitely will come back here when I'm in town!Got a groupon for this place and rented a room for my birthday party. So much fun! Food was good. Atmosphere was good. No complaints at all about this place! They have many songs choices from Demi Lovato and Pink to Queen's Bohemian rhapsody!Bad, bad, bad. How do you screw up a Mai Tai?  I think we got Electric Lemonade instead. Three of four people at our table got the same thing off their (limited) menu.  And one of them was the wrong item.  Food was bland - we had to ask them for chili sauce so we could at least taste something.  Oh and after twice in two minutes saying that I was still working on my food, the waiter disappeared for 20 minutes.  Yuck.  This place is as bad as your karaoke singing.My club's go-to post-formal karaoke place. Their small, delectable snacks are usually just what we need after a heavy dinner. The private rooms they offer are just right for our group of 15-30 people. Everyone finds something they like in Tango's karaoke song selection. Great place to unwind and munch on yummy snacks at the end of the night!Good service, horrible song selection. Take me back to NYC or Cali.  This place did not have any of the classics.  No BBD, no ll cool j, no notorious BIG. My friend was very disappointed.  
Come for a Friday night sausage-fest. There's a surprising number of men out numbering the women at this establishment.Tango is a really weird place and I was not impressed.  A large group of my coworkers reserved a karaoke room as a goodbye party for one of our coworkers.  I'm not sure but it sounded like maybe someone found a Groupon for the room.  I immediately was freaked out by the place because when I got there a handful of my coworkers were in the downstairs area waiting for people to arrive.  The bouncer was incredibly aggressive and strict. He insisted on searching through everyone's purse and then he wouldn't let me diabetic friend keep her orange juice.  She explained to him that she needs to have a sugary drink on her in case her blood sugar gets low and he still said no you can't have it.  She ended up leaving as a result.  The other weird thing about downstairs is that it was eerily quiet.  There was no music or any background noise and I felt like I was being too loud just casually greeting my friends.
After a thorough and invasive purse search they allowed us to go up to our reserved room.  The room itself was kind of neat because we had our own private karaoke equipment and we could play whatever songs we want.  The karaoke system was kind of hard to navigate and the selection was so-so.  I guess as a part of the groupon or maybe it's always this way, we got to pick out $100 worth of food and non-alcoholic drinks.  The food was so-so, nothing truly exceptional but not bad either.  Beyond that first $100 and all of the money for drinks went on one large bill.  This made it very challenging when we had a group of probably 30 people.  We were not allowed to go out to the bar area to order drinks individually.  It made for a huge headache to try to sort out how to pay for everything.
Eventually our time ran out in the room and we moved into the main upstairs area, which was small and cramped.  Actually there was a lot more space up there but for the hours that we were there they had the biggest part of the room roped off for seemingly no reason.  I ordered a drink at the bar and annoyingly you have to pay $15 to use a credit card.  I spent so much more than I intended to due to that dumb rule.
One of the only reasons that I didn't give this place a 1 star was because they had somewhat decent drink specials.  But really after the way they treated my friend and her diabetes they probably actually deserve one star.  No, I wouldn't be happy about going back to this weird ass place.I've been here twice now with some friends and we have fun. I have not been to other places so I don't know how it compares. But we like this spot. 
The people serving us were really nice and fun. They even got in on in the signing when we invited them to sing along. 
When it comes to food it's about what you would expect. I would put it on the same level as Applebee's and a corner store takeout spot. They also have some deals on Groupon so that's nice. If you're looking for a fun hangout check this place out.Great place to sing and dance the night away. Don't forget to tip the hot bar tenders too.I came here with my friends to watch the Philadelphia Eagles play and grab a few drinks and a bite to eat. It was a good experience overall. The bouncer was relax and chill along with the bartender. My friends and I sat at the bar and there was tons of space even for a popular game. 
I ordered the takoyaki and the Szechuan fried wings. The takoyaki was not bad while the wings were a new taste. It wasn't too too spicy but had a good flavor. I think the big selling point was that there wasn't alot of people and the servers were really attentive and wanted to talk.
Overall, the experience was pretty good. It renewed my opinion an impression of the place. I'll probably stop by again with some friends again.
Overall: 3 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3.5
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3I randomly stopped by this place to meet up with a friend who was there with his co-workers. They had a Groupon deal for a 2 hour room rental and money to spend on food. The private rooms really are private. There is just a small window on the door where you can look inside. It was a very warm in the room and the waitress was pretty slow and messed up an order. We learned after we left that the waitress was new. The music selection for karaoke was pretty decent and when we left (around 9ish) the main bar area upstairs was getting pretty busy. There was an issue with the bill/Groupon redemption but that was quickly fixed and the employees were apologetic and friendly. I ordered the Hawaiian fried rice with shrimp and it was good. I tried my friend's pad thai and it was good as well. I also had a red sangria that was good. I'd definitely come back. If the service was better and the room wasn't so hot I'd give a higher rating.Karaoke on a Tuesday night is $50 an hour for the smallest room, which fits 10 people. On the plus side, you can order up to $50 in food and drinks within that price. If you order more than $50 worth of food, the room is "waived" and you just pay for your food amount. If you use Groupon, which usually includes a certain dollar amount of food, drinks are not included in that value. They also automatically add on 20% gratuity to your bill, regardless of your party size (but for Groupon's, they automatically add on a fixed gratuity based on your party size). 
I was extremely underwhelmed by my group's experience at Tango, the only positive being the food and drinks being sort of included in the room's price, but also not really. They only had bar food available at 9:30pm, so we couldn't order sushi or entrees. At least the price perk covered our drinks. I guess another positive is their rooms have their own private bathrooms, but we didn't really stay long enough to use it, so meh.
At the beginning of the night, they took my credit card and license but didn't give it back; it's definitely my fault for not paying attention, but the hostess who handles the room contracts and IDs is right at the front door, so I don't see why she didn't give those back to me on my way out. Just a warning if you're as dopey about that stuff as I am. 
I called the next day about it and told them I would be coming in two days later to pick it up, but then the day I went to pick it up, they had not set it aside or even looked for it. I also noticed they had A LOT of cards in their lost and found. Clearly, they need to change their card-keeping system. I told the girl several times that my credit card was red, but she kept picking up every single card to match my name up. It was such a waste of time as it took 10 minutes for her to go through two registers of cards that weren't red.
More cons: the karaoke system was laggy (all karaoke lovers know this just wastes up precious time you're paying for), one of the two mics didn't work and it took us a while to get another one, and the other mic was incredibly loud with no way to adjust the volume. They also don't allow half-hours, you have to pay by the full hour. If the service had been better, we might have stayed for another full hour, but since they continuously kept telling us what wasn't available to us, we ended up leaving at the end of our time.I don't usually give poor ratings but the service I received at tango truly deserves one star. When walking into a bar one expects a bouncer-there wasn't one there to greet my party of 4. If you have never gone to Tango there is a downstairs bar and an upstairs bar. We proceeded to go upstairs- the bouncer popped out of no where and proceeded to give us an attitude when asking to check our bags. Strike 1 .  We went up to the upper bar and sat down where we were promptly told we were sitting in the VIP area. We moved - no problem-strike 2  we went and STOOD the end of  the bar where it was kind of  EMPTY. Tired of standing, one of the persons in our party sat down on a couch- it was after 12 and no one seemed to be waiting to sit in this roped off area. The bouncer told us we couldn't sit there. Meanwhile other patrons had arrived and weren't told they had to vacate the VIP Area-strike 3. This was our second time going into Tango and it will probably be our last time.Nice  food, good service .Bartender was good enjoyed our drinks  ,had a great time.Will be back again.I have been here before and enjoyed the food, but this review is just based on the karaoke that I just recently went to. We went on a Saturday when it was packed. I knew the drill. I knew I had to pay for the songs (which bugs me a little because I've done free karaokes around the city), and I did so. 2 out of 3 of our songs came up in less than 30 minutes. The last song, we waited to sing never came up in the karaoke queue! We waited at least an hour!
The "DJ" who is manning the karaoke either decided to completely not play the song or just totally mismanaged the order. It was disappointing because I paid for 3 and only did 2 songs. Also, I could really do without his song additions. I would rather hear other people sing. 
I also want to add that the security guard was unnecessarily cold. Just took my pepper spray right off my key chain and said, "you'll get this back later." Tell me what you're doing and why! Say "I need to check your belongings." Let me know what the protocol is rather than assuming I know what's going on. I know he'd probably been checking IDs all night, but It's better than him just standing there wordless.
This place goes on my hit or miss list now. I will probably go back on a night where it's less crowded and less likely that we'll get passed over in the song order.At any karaoke place, if you've got a fun group of friends with a private room, you'll have a great time. I'm directing this review to the upstairs bar area. 1 song costs $2 and 3 songs costs $5. Instead of the DJ putting songs in the order they are received, he queues them up based on who bugs him. Throughout the night, if you want to hear the song you've paid for and requested 2 hours ago, you'll have to remind the DJ.I was invited to sample some of Tango's specialty cocktails the week before the soft opening. I enjoyed my time at Tango so much I decided to return for the soft opening, and am happy to say I was not disappointed. 
I sat in the upstairs karaoke area both days. There are huge TV screens everywhere - last night two were showing ESPN and the rest were dedicated to karaoke. The karaoke screen is also projected on one floor-to-ceiling window, to lure in curious passersby no doubt!
Songs were free all night so after some liquid courage from Victor, the awesome bartender, it was time to sing. I belted out my favorite Ace of Base ditty and got some help from the night's emcee, Nate. (He's a great singer by the way; if you're shy about singing alone I'm sure he'd be happy to sing along!)
My favorite drink from the sampling was the Hello Kitty, but if tangy "girl" drinks aren't your thing, there's also a tasty Jameson Mojito or the equally dangerous Pineapple Express (you thought your 151 days were behind you - HA). 
Food-wise, I can only speak to the gyoza; my wallet cringed when I saw that it was $6 for six pieces, but I felt a little better after I received the order. The gyoza at Tango are not the typical light dumpling I'm used to (I don't think gyoza wrappers were used, I has a sad) but they were filling. 
My recommendation would be to try one of Tango's many noodle offerings, have a couple of drinks, and end the night singing Rihanna's "Birthday Cake" and imbibing the deliciously sweet It's Not Even My Birthday martini.Food is disgusting. Dumplings were oily and were not actually dumplings. Wings had a small drizzle on top they do not toss them in sauce. They had no silverware and we had to eat with plastic and drink out of sketchy plastic cups. Service was also slow. I do not recommend.Pretty cool place with Karaoke (public) and huge cocktail selections!If you drive by, you may pass it because the place is so inconspicuous. Nonetheless, came here with friends and family to use the karaoke room and I must say I had a ball! The interior of the place is modern, although dimly lit to fit the nightlight scene. There are several rooms for guests, one in which you can have a party of up to 30. The room I was in you could have a party of up to 15. There's one big screen tv which plays the actual video of the song along with the lyrics which are big enough for everyone to see. One of the cool things they have are the two mics which are huge and have this led light around the bottom of the microphone which gives you the music star feeling that you may be looking for while performing. 
Ordered several things such as veggie rolls, shrimp fried rice, and different flavored wings from regular to Thai Chili. Nothing disappointed honestly. Everything was pretty top notch even including the waitress service who was attentive and helpful throughout the entire time and assisted with guiding and navigating us through the karaoke software. 
If you're into the karaoke thing and want something that has the upscale city look, than this is truly the place to have an event. I'd go back and would definitely recommend.Went here for the first time on Saturday and I have to say we had a great time. We were celebrating my moms birthday and I was skeptical from some the reviews about the service. Our server Diana was absolutely awesome. We had a group of 16 and ran poor Diana ragged for 3 hours straight, but she remained calm, professional and in top of everything.... we had a few apps what we ordered was pretty tasty the drinks could be a little stronger but there are drink specials so that was cool. I probably would have given them a 5 except they need a little more old school r&b music for the 50 plus crowd and our 30 person room didn't have a private bathroom otherwise I would definitely recommend this for a fun night of karaoke.I've been to Tango a bunch of times and always have a good time. Good music, good service and you can't beat $1 skewers. Only downfall is that it is narrow and when it gets crowded it is very hard to move around.Really nice for wheelchair access. They havea large room downstairs you should request if you are unable to climb a flight if stairs.So I am kinda obsessed with the chicken curry  skewers.  For happy hour, it's a buck a skewer.  Their crab rangoons ($5 for 4 pieces during happy hour) is also really delicious.  It's probably one of the cream cheesiest things I have ever had.  That is actually a we got here, so I don't know too much about the place quite yet, but so far so good!It was pretty pricy on even a Sunday afternoon (4pm)... Like $50 an hour. I would expect some kinda happy hour but then again coming from nyc we're spoiled with happy hr deals for asian karaoke. However one good thing is that it includes food, so instead of going to a bar, you can drink $50 worth and get the room for free! Theres also a ton of food from chicken wings to ramen if you dont wanna drink
The karaoke system was definitely above average - it was a touch screen monitor, which i liked a lot! The mic kept running out of battery 3 times so that was annoying.
One tip is that if youre thinking about signing up for more than an hr, dont. When an hour hits, they give you the bill very slowly. They collect it slowly too. And they take it away slowly. So we got like an extra 30 minutes for free lol
Overall if you hv a group of 5 ish and wanna drink this would be a good placeCan't say enough good things about this place. I've never had a hard time getting in unlike other Karaoke bars in town. The rooms are really nice and the staff is so friendly and fun. There's kind of this 'no rules' comfort vibe which is exactly what you need when starting a night of singing songs off key with your friends. I believe it's $50 to rent a table, but can be free as long as you spend enough on drink. If you have a larger party it's a no brainer.i booked a private karaoke room with groupon, made a reservation ahead for a group of 10.  but when arrived, not only hostess didn't have my name there and also was told i didn't  reserve a room but just an open karaoke tables, i don't know why these employees are so lack of common sense when i mentioned i reserved a private room over the phone and groupon said priviate room too.   we have 12 people waiting for almost half hour and still no room, and ended up leaving to another restaurant instead of karaoke, what a disappointment and bad experience!!!Loved this place! 
I had so much fun here! I didn't realize it is a popular karaoke place (I went for the food and drinks!) the food is great and the bartenders are so nice and engaging! They make great drinks too! Tip: go here is you love Johnnie Walker! They have a wall of it :) I can't wait to come back with my friends and utilize one of their karaoke rooms!My friends and I wanted to eat somewhere in Chinatown and we picked Tango because of their $1 skewers on Monday. When we got there, we were greeted by our server. My boyfriend asked if we can sit at the bar and the server said loudly "no! Get a table". And we asked how come we couldn't sit at the bar and the server said "table is better!" A little turned off by the service and greeting already, we still sat down at the table and we had every intention of ordering food. Before we even got to look at the menu, the server kept coming back and interrupting us and asking if we wanted to order drinks when we told him from the beginning "no, we're still looking at the menu, can you give us a few minutes?" And when we finally decided to just order the skewers to start off, he told us they don't serve them anymore. And okay, we were a little thrown off about that but we didn't mind. We were going to order something else. But THEN. The server came back and said to us "it's okay, I know you're college students and you have a budget, I know, it's okay" and immediately, we were very thrown off by his comment. My friends and I just looked at each other in disbelief. First of all, we were not all college students. And so this was very offensive to us that the server would even say that and "assume" that we couldn't afford whatever it is on the menu because we were "college students". We then decided that we didn't want to eat anymore and that we should just grab a couple drinks at the bar because of that comment. The server followed us to the bar and started to list all these drinks that we could buy (he mentioned the cheapest drinks because we were "college students"). And if that wasn't it, he commented again that he knows that it's tough for us to order anything because we're college students and on a budget. My friends and I looked at each other again and we all knew that we didn't want to stay any longer with this server who keep disrespecting us. So we left. This was not the first time we went to tango. We come to tango for their karaoke and its a lot of fun. But I advise others that if they want to dine at tango, be aware of the bald server who "assumes" that his customers are only college students and are on a "budget".I went to tango as a surprise for my 30th birthday party and at first everyone was confused on the reason we were there. So when you pull up you see a giant window with a image in it so you can actually see whats being sung from outside which i thought was different. We walked upstairs into the bar area. In there there are lots of TVs and people walking around with microphones and people singing at the bar. It was fun but this night I had a private room. So i was able to take my guest of 12 into a room just for us. In there we had our own personal jukebox with thousands of songs a TV and lots of comfortable seating. We sang we drank, until our face turned blue. We didn't even wanna leave when they closed it was so much fun. I will definitely be back and i definitely recommend this place.There is the potential for private karaoke to be an enjoyable experience, but the karaoke system is so complicated that it uses up all your time to figure out what's going on. There is no easy way to scroll through and browse song options -- you have to know what you want and then you can search for it. There is a TON of music, but limited U.S. artists, so it was hard for us to scroll through such a huge volume and find songs that we knew. I think a simple binder with the song list that's on their website could go a long way -- we eventually pulled up the song lists on our phones, browsed songs that way, then searched them on the in-room device to add to the queue.
We didn't figure out how to adjust music to mic volume ratio, and one mic was on a half second delay. The waitress said she'd help us figure that out, but didn't end up sorting it out. Service was otherwise fine, food was fine. Drinks are expensive. The building is beautiful and the rooms are nicely appointed. I wouldn't go again because of limited selection and difficulty in finding songs.I was excited to try out Tango after seeing it just open, so I went there for drinks with some friends from out of town.
Unfortunately, the bartender had no idea what she was doing (sidecar? What's that?). My G&T was pure club soda (not even tonic), and my fiancee's vodka cran tasted like water with a little cran mixed in for color. We didn't even finish our drinks before leaving to go down the street to another place.
The decor was cool but I won't return.Such an unexpected good time!! We booked a private room for two hours (fee is waived if the group spends $100) and had 6 people. We had a server come in whenever we needed food/drink and I liked how the drinks specials carried over into the private rooms as well. The music selection was great but the system took some getting used to. The food was good but we never got silverware or napkins after repeated requests. Regardless, we had a blast and two hours flew by too fast. Our friends keep asking when we will all go again and I think it will be soon!!Super Updated!!! They put some money in this one high end lights and laser light shows with multiple colors this place is great! Now they have 2 bar spots where previously it was 1 super long bar, I should've taken pictures but you'll just have to go there to see it. I'm not sure about the food but it looked good, this place is super cool to take your friends or date to I highly recommend it! They have rooms to rent out and do private karaoke which is awesome and great for birthdays. Don't forget to tip your bartenders ;)New, hottest karaoke lounge in Chinatown/CC area! The setup of the place is quite nice. On the outside, you can see the big light up LED display of their name and the upstairs floor to ceiling window allows a peek into what the karaoke lounge is like, along with the double-sided projector screen playing real music videos (and not the crappy karaoke versions). The hostess and security greet you as soon as you walk in through the door. Getting on the guestlist prior to arrival is recommended, and there is indeed a dress code (basically sleek not sloppy). If you're just opting for a quick meal, you are more than welcome to sit downstairs in the restaurant area/noodle bar. There is also a small bar downstairs for those who choose not to participate in the clamoring karaoke lounge.Went here on a Friday night, and had a pretty fun time. Wasn't over crowded, but wasn't awkwardly empty either. Drink prices were okay, a bit on the pricey side compared to Philly bars.
Karaoke was fun and they pretty much have any song you would request. They charge 3 song for $5, and it did take awhile (~1.5 hours) for them to play all 3 of our requested songs. It was a fun time regardless and the servers were very friendly.I've been to Tango a few times and Yakitori more often only because it's been open longer. It's much easier to compare, and I give my vote to Tango before Yakitori.
1 - Tango is cleaner, MUCH cleaner.
2 - Yakitori gets WAY too crowded. Waiting over an hr for my song? No thanks
3 - Yakitori's books are gross to look at songs, whereas I like looking at the comfort of my phone to look up songs at Tango.
4 - I feel like Tango's upstairs bar is longer than Yakitori's.
5 - The bartenders at Tango check up on me often, asking if I want something else,  when standing at the bar. At Yakitori, I gotta push up the crowd to be seen.
6 - I've only eaten here 2x, so I can't say much about the food, but it's pretty much the same food you can order at Yakitori, so to me Asian food is Asian food. 
7 - The bartenders are cute/pretty, etc. They have events that helps bring in crowds, as well as first 50 ladies to come on a certain night, free drink, etc.
8 - The bartenders Deanna and Tikki are my favorite. They're fun and make the drinks right.
9 - If you want to go somewhere less crowded, good drinks, and get attention go here.I've working in Philadelphia nightlife for about 5-6 years so I'm aware about how things work including bottle service and helping each other within the industry in order to help Philadelphia nightlife as a whole. I came in last night with The Unlikely Candidates as they had just finished a sold out show at Milkboy down the street. We were told to go to Tango to get a table and have some fun singing karaoke, eating and drinking. The bar was pretty slow and no one had bought bottle service. I tried to talk to the bartender about giving us some kind of deal on bottle service since no one seemed to want to buy a table last night and The Unlikely Candidates were willing to pay at a discount since we were the only patrons willing to buy bottle service. Being a bottle server, I know how much bottles cost at wholesale so I thought I offered him a decent price on the bottle plus we would've bought food and taken care of the server since we were hoping to be taken care of. The Unlikely Candidates drove from Fort Worth, TX to Philadelphia to perform at their sold out show and I was truly embarrassed as to how we were treated in the second bar that they've ever visited in Philadelphia. Also, as a bottle server, I know that if one group of people buy bottle service more will probably follow. However, the bartender insisted that we needed to pay full price and he did not care about the band's first introduction to Philadelphia nightlife. I asked to speak to the manager last night since we were being treated so rudely but was denied and told the manager would tell me the exact same thing. We decided to give our money to Yakitori Boy instead and had an amazing time and the employees there even apologized about how we were treated at Tango. I've gone to Tango a lot in the past, mostly on Mondays for industry night since I work in the industry and like to support my friends guest bartending. However, I probably will never return because of the way we were treated and I'm pretty sure The Unlikely Candidates will never be there again, but they'll probably go back to Yakitori Boy for their after party. I was really upset about how we were treated and from the Philadelphia nightlife I know, we usually all help each other out and that's what I was trying to do last night. Very embarrassing and disappointing!!!Caught in the rain, my friend and I ducked in here last night after an early dinner and caught the tail end of happy hour, which is every day between 4 p.m. and 7 p.m.
Seated at the bar, we each ordered a $5 Belvedere pineapple and cranberry, respectively. While sipping our drinks, we took in the sheer size of Tango, which consists of a long first floor, complete with a bar, a kitchen, and a few booths, and were told that there is also an entire second floor that not only consists of a second bar, but also of big karaoke screens. I also couldn't help but notice how clean everything appeared to be, bathroom included.
Just before 7, we placed a final happy hour order, my friend opting for $3 fries that came with sriracha alioli, which she said was tasty. Still full from dinner, I opted for a second round of drinks. However, because I still hadn't finished my first, the bartender  graciously offered to wait to make it.
I highly recommend Tango if you are in the mood for a great happy hour, a clean karaoke place, or a bar just to hang out if you are in the area!Very rude service! They make you feel very unwelcomed! When you walk in the door they say "close the door" and when it's time to leave they glare at you!Had to update my old review to bring their review up a few notches! I recently got an awesome Groupon for Tango--spent $52 for 10-person room for 2 hours and $50 to spend on food. I reserved the room from 8-10pm on a Thursday night and we had such a good time that we stayed past midnight! The room was quite reasonable outside of the Groupon--$50 per hour and since there was at least 10 of us, we didn't spend too much extra. The cost actually got comped because we spent so much on drinks!
The actual karaoke was fun. I really like how updated the system was--we were able to find top 40 hits. Although they do a good job with the music, the actual program was not very intuitive. I did appreciate our server taking the time to give us a quick tutorial--if she hadn't we would've never figured out that we had to search artists by initials and not their name. Some people in our group came late and didn't hear the tutorial and couldn't figure out how to use the system. Other than that we were able to adjust the sound accordingly and skip songs when we realized we didn't know them as well.
Food: pretty decent. I have to say we had a difficult time spending the $50 over the course of the 2 hours because skewers and appetizers are reasonably priced. We tried a variety of skewers from rib eye, fish balls, lamb, chicken, Japanese sausage etc. I really liked the rib eye. We also had Crab Rangoon, which was pretty good. We also ordered all of their sushi rolls--Spicy Tuna, Alaskan, Crunch, Spicy Kani, and California-- (they had a special that night), which were very tasty. We ended up going over the food by $20, but that's okay because we really enjoyed it. Drinks were decently priced--this is where we spent a lot of our money on.
The outside room seemed pretty packed on a Thursday evening, so people must have been really enjoying themselves in the main room. Overall, I'm quite pleased with my latest experience here. It's a big step up from the last time I've visited!Good food, a lot of fun, really cool spot. TERRIBLE SERVICE. It's a shame, I've never dealt with such attitude from the hostess and our server. We were a karaoke party, reserved a room late afternoon. We were literally the only people there and everyone treated us like crap, from the second we opened the door. They really made us feel unwelcomed and a nuisance. I don't yelp much, but figured I needed to put this on the interweb because of my experience. To add injury to insult, they added gratuity that came out to be an almost 33% tip. Never going back again.NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN!!
I booked a private room for my birthday, and let me just tell you- 
Karaoke options EXTREMELY LIMITED.
Karaoke machine NOT user friendly, it kept reverting to a NON ENGLISH language, could not find half of the most common karaoke songs.
Service was HORRIBLE, there was a service light which was basically a waste since it served 0 purpose whatsoever.
Ordered food, which didn't come out until 1.5 hours later
Was over charged for the night
Management does not know how to run a business
The owner is very unprofessional and does not treat patrons to his establishment with any courtesy. 
I advise anyone who wants to have a good time on their birthday, or really just on a Friday night -  GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE.The private rooms are great and not that expensive as long as you plan on eating. I went with a group of eight people and we had an awesome time. The room was cool with little star lights and a large TV screen for the lyrics. We found lots of songs to sing from a variety of genres. The food was tasty and we went during happy hour, so the appetizers were all half off. 
We only had two complaints with the experience that make it not five-star:
1. It took us about half an hour to figure out how the karaoke system worked. And no, we weren't drunk. The system kept picking songs for us and we didn't want it to. Once we figured out the system, everything went smoothly. The song search function was poorly designed, however. If you tried to type in a song name, it wouldn't let you put in more than two letters. So we searched by artist, but they were only sort of in alphabetical order with some listed by first name, some by last name, and some in completely the wrong place. These were all system errors and not a reflection of the way the restaurant is run, however.
2. No desserts :(
We would definitely go again as my whole group had an awesome time. Maybe we can BYOC (bring your own cake).they have many drink selections to choose from, food is decent. Upstair Bar can get overcrowded, last time I went a fight broke out but the staff handled it maturely. They play nice music, the kind of music you only listen to when your'e drunk tho. A spot to hang out with your crew, looking for a one night stand or so? not a good idea.Tango was great this time around. A friend and I split the cost for a private room with food (we did a groupon) and all-in-all our time here was pretty good. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating, and I liked the private karaoke lounge. The room fit our entire group of 8 pretty well. The couches were also modern and comfortable.
The food here is pretty good. Nothing extraordinary really, but the wings were top-notch. No complaints there. One thing did stand out and that was the Sangria. I had the white sangria and it was delicious.
I only shave off one star for part of the karaoke experience. Yes, the mics all worked, and the sound was pretty good, but there were a few malfunctions where the karaoke flickered or stalled. Also, yikes---the search system is difficult and not user-friendly at all. We got accustomed to it after a while, but why not have something that makes it a lot easier? In our case, we were already on the clock for our time in the room. All the better to not have a confusing time  choosing songs. Also, the food struck me as expensive. Even with $50 to spend, we went over for the items we ordered. The drinks started at roughly $10, and gratuity was built into our check, which I guess was to be expected with our size group.
Overall, this experience was better than the last. Right down to the bouncer who greeted us this time (a different guy). He was a lot better as well. I'll go back again with friends.Pretty simple. We were having a great time. 2am came. The bouncers came and said "this is the last song."  We switched to another song as the last song. They shut us down with no last song and threatened us that we had to leave. Fuck tango.I've never had the food here. I only come for late night drinks and karaoke. This place gets really crowded on weekend nights and music becomes really loud. People yelling, cheering, and singing along.Me and my friend made a 13 person reservation for this Saturday....last month. They just called my friend to cancel the reservation today. The event is in two days. 
They cancelled all karaoke reservations due to "red tape" and apparently they did not apologize or explain any further. 
Trust all the bad reviews. I haven't even been here and most likely never will. 
Now we have to deal with Groupon and try to get a refund.Setup is great, prices are decent, and song selection is good. MAKE SURE YOU MAKE A RESERVATION IF IT'S A WEEKEND. We waited over 2 hours for a room when they kept telling us it would be ready in "another 20 minutes." This was okay because our waitress when we did get into the room was freaking fantastic. 
There aren't that many bathrooms for the large amount of people that come in and our of this place but that's standard for Phila. 
This is one of the only places in Philadelphia where you can rent a Karaoke room for a reasonable price. Slightly expensive but hey, they are in a city and not many places offer the small, private rooms like this one. Decent selection of K-Pop songs.
The food at this place is also good and so are the drinks if you are downstairs. I would definitely go back here, and make a reservation in advance.I have been to other karaoke establishments that actually edit the song lyrics on the screen so that they don't say the N word. This place actually had the nerve to show the full blown word...ER and all (NI**ER). Put in more effort. Every song that used the slang had it and it was really awkward when someone pointed it out (being that there was a very diverse group of people in the room).  I'm really easy going and laid back but that just wasn't cool. Do better. Will not be back.I recently moved to the area and was looking for an affordable karaoke place to sing songs from the Korean drama Descendants of the Sun. I found a $69 Groupon deal to get 2 hours of singing + $50 worth of food credit for a group of 10 on any day. We had to pay $20 gratuity. The food wasn't amazing and I don't like the Chinese karaoke system itself...if I'm trying to look up Korean songs or artists, I shouldn't have to search by the number of characters in the title or the Korean artist names in Chinese. It really wasn't that user friendly like Korean karaoke places I've been to in Atlanta (I can't speak for local places here yet...) where you can search for song titles or artists in other languages by typing to save time. I'm glad that a lot of the music videos were the actual videos of the songs though and not super random background footage. Oh, and some of the food we ordered came in our last few minutes of our karaoke time...wasn't a fan of that. I probably wouldn't come back unless I had a Groupon again.