I have never had a bad experience here. I have only dined in once, but the food speaks for itself! I almost always get the Maki Combination. The fish is always fresh and delicious! Service is always great & I look forward to checking out their new location in Warminster I just wish they delivered!I had the spare ribs which were meatier than any other Chinese restaurant I've tried. They were very tasty and not tough.
My dining partner had a chicken with vegetables kind of dish. The chicken was pounded flat, and the texture was odd, we both agreed. 
The other stuff was pretty good: eggrolls, wonton soup, crispy noodles, tea. They even served unsolicited orange and pineapple segments afterwards.
I'd say take a shot, but stay away from the so-called  "chicken".Plain and simple, Taste Queen is a great restaurant.  The Chinese and Japanese dishes are well-prepared, and their Sushi is second to none.  The portions are very nice and  the service has never disappointed.  Taste Queen also has a dessert that you don't often see in a restaurant serving Asian faire... Fried ice cream!Not impressed. Everything we ordered was either bland or had some off putting sweet taste.I would say this has to be the best Chinese food in the area. Their Japanese selection is surprisingly good. Sushi is above average but the Japanese noodles are very good.  It's a solid Chinese meal each time.  Staff is friendly and they have coupons on their website. 
Dining in tastes better.  Pick up only but they make everything fast !Delicious hole in the wall. Highly recommended. Their food portions are huge so bring your appetite!Just what youd excpect as far as food quality Delivery on time. Been ordering here for quite some time. Doesnt dissapoint...Sushi are so fresh!! You've got to try the mango salad. Love the decors and atmosphere there. I will definitely come back again! FIVE STARS FOR ALL!!Good food. 
The service is very good. 
I have been here countless amounts of time and I can honestly say that although the food is not the best Chinese food you can get in the area, it is definitely in the top five. 
The service they provide here is outstanding, so there should be no concerns about getting a bad customer experience.When we visit my cousin in Philadelphia, we often stop there.  Decent Chinese food.Definitely a noticeable difference between a regular Chinese joint versus the good ones. If you eat in, you're there for the food, not the decor. So let's talk about the food. The honey ribs are fall off the bone tender and the sauce is delicious. You're going to need to order 2 orders because it's not a lot of meat and it's just that good. The crab wontons are a hit and if you eat in, they provide the fried noodles with a lightly pickled cabbage side/salad, which is palate cleansing. There's an option to make your own entree (pick your meat and veggies and sauce). It was delicious :) the service can be a tad on the slow side so just try to get their attention. The staff is very nice and they will start knowing who we are by order (honey ribs).This place is located in a strip shopping center.  I've been here twice with family and the food was consistently inconsistent.  The crispy noodles and duck sauce are the only reliable dish we tasted.  The ginger salad had a strange thick sauce and the iceberg lettuce was soggy.  A chicken and mango dish had flattened, suspicious tasting pieces of chicken that was sent back to the kitchen for heating and to remove much of the sauce.  Even after the fix the chicken was left on the plate swimming in too much sauce and some of it was inedible.  Tempura sweet and sour shrimp had far too much coating and as did the General Tso's chicken.  A shrimp and vegetable dish was good with a light sauce and decent size shrimp.  A drink order was forgotten by the waitress who had to be reminded about drinks.  Overall, this place can't compare with any of Margaret Kuo's restaurants.  We won't be returning to Taste(less) Queen.Chinese and Japanese food.  It's always fresh and the service is pleasant and attentive.  They include pickled cabbage and carrots along with the crisps.
The other day, someone complained that the entree wasn't what they expected and it was taken care of quickly and without fuss.
The crowd tends to be older, with few children.  The interior is mostly pink and the lighting is very good.  The booths are comfortable and while the tables tend to be crowded together, the seats are also comfortable.
I always get the sushi, which is fresh and delicious.  Prices for a sushi entree range from about 11 dollars for the three roll platter to about 21 dollars for the sushi and sashimi platter.  It will include miso soup.  
They give you fruit and a fortune cookie with the bill.I have been here a few times and each time the food is delicious.  Lunch time specials are the best! You have to try the chicken with cashew nuts (if you like that dish). They make it best!I wish they delivered!!! Luckily it's only a few minutes away. Great food every time!!Food is still awesome.  They redecorated recently, new carpeting and wall decor, and it looks lovely.  Free Wi-Fi.Ive been eating here for years, I try to go at least 1-2 times a month to get take out. I think it's the best chinese and japanese place in NE Philly. The food is delicious. I love the kani salad, hot and sour soup, and general tsos chicken. their lunch menu is a steal and i usually get the bento box for like $10 which includes sushi, and chinese.
i highly recommend it. though the decor is brightly colored, the service is good and food is yummy.Decided to try Taste Queen based on the reviews and we weren't disappointed!  Great food, good service, large portions.Ordered a bunch of food from here the other night and was pretty satisfied. Ordered take out so I can't comment on the dine-in experience. The food was super tasty though and would totally order again. 
I had the General Tso chicken which was actually done really well and even included broccoli which was a nice surprise. While I am a not a huge broccoli fan, it looks good! Also had the Chow Fun which was super tasty, the mongolian Beef which was terrific. The low mein was average. The steamed rice was actually really good. It tasted kind of buttery and I liked it. 
Day two showed the food was still good. So yeah, unlike some food that is no good for leftovers, I was pleasantly surprised with the food - twice! Room for improvement - the packaging - some dishes leaked a little bit which was strange because they don't cheap out on the packing containers. While the rice is sent in the traditional white boxes, the entrees were packed in sturdy plastic containers. Maybe something got tossed in the car. 
Also they don't deliver, not sure why.Taste Queen has been my go to for Chinese cuisine since childhood, and to date still lives up to a solid quality standard I appreciate. While Taste Queen is no "high class" Chinese restaurant, they still deliver delectable standard dishes at an inexpensive price.
Aside from the food, the atmosphere at Taste Queen is a mix of calm, sophisticated, and chintzy. The classic Chinese instrumental music coupled with the white table clothed tables and plush pink booths creates a nostalgic dining environment. 
If you happen to be hanging around Krewstow Road and have a hankering for some Chinese customers cuisine, then I recommend visiting Taste Queen.I hate this Chinese restaurant. Plain and simple. My mom loves it. So when she picks we have to go where she wants. She's my mother we don't go out much anymore. I now refuse to go here with her anymore. Two out of three times I got really sick.  The other time I wasn't sick but did not like the food. I told my mom you may love it but I can't get sick anymore. I would avoid this place. Just go to any Chinese food place on any corner they are better then here. You don't get sick.I finally got around to checking this place out and I am delighted to have found this little gem and learn that the reviews were spot on.  This is my go to place for Chinese in the Northeast.   I recently got take out from here and found the food well seasoned, well portioned and the service friendly and helpful.  The prices were reasonable and the combo Chinese Japanese lunch box is something I am really looking forward to trying very soon.  Thank you Yelpers for your reviews!You can get Taste Queen Chinese food delivered through Uber Eats. Use promo code eats-3gthe to get $10 off your first order through Uber Eats.I really like this restaurant. They serve great tasting American Chinese cuisine at great prices. It's easy to miss this place @ night, their neon sign at night only has 2 LIT letters (heh).
There's plenty of highlights for this restaurant that come to mind. 
Plenty of tables, good crowd of people, great wait staff, quick service, and big portions too.This our go to restaurant for Chinese/Japanese in the Northeast.  The food is excellent, presentation is pretty and not too pricey.  The cleanliness and service are above expectation. No residual odor from the kitchen.  Love Taste Queen.Another fantastic dining experience at Taste Queen. Was generously treated to dinner by a friend. She got the Chicken Teriyaki, I got the Maki Combination (as I always seem to do). For a Monday night, it was great -- everything came out fast and delicious, of course. 
They have the best crunchy noodles, just wish they'd keep filling the bowls up! I can go there for the noodles alone. Okay, who am I kidding... noodles and sushi!Great place!
Took the kids here for supper and we had a lovely time of it.  The service was quick.  The food was excellent.  It all tasted wonderful.  I had the Chicken with Garlic Sauce and it was made just right.  My only gripe is there was a lot of celery.  I get it though.  Celery is a filler in some cooked dishes.  I just feel like 1/4 of my dish was celery.  That aside, all else was great.
Will I come here again?  Most definitely.First you'll be surprised by the amount of PINK in this restaurant it's almost laughable. We actually do always laugh at it. It's hidden in a strip mall next to a family Dollar on Krewstown rd that again you'd just pass by. 
This restaurant is a combo Chinese food and sushi. They have a really extensive selection of Chinese food and a slightly less selection of sushi. Everything we've ordered is delicious. 
They serve their Chinese noodle "chips" with duck sauce and hot sauce. Mix these two (using only a tiny bit of the hot sauce) and you'll be hooked!  You also get a plate of cabbage with some really delicious dressing too before your meal. You also get complimentary Chinese tea served hot in a tea pot, which is very very delicious.
Food service is quick. Waitresses are attentive and responsive. Complimentary dessert is orange slices with pieces of pineapple. Perfect ending to a great meal. 
We love finding these small hole in the wall restaurants that always exceed our expectations.I ordered the mango chicken and shrimp via Uber Eats and to my surprise the mango slices in my meal were rotten.  
Highly disappointed because I really wanted to like this place, but that's unacceptable. 20 dollars down the drain b/w the cost of the meal, delivery and tip.Got take out from there based on the rave reviews. Maybe didn't order the right stuff, but the food was just mediocre, but portions were very generous.Got sushi here and I didn't like it at all.  it was for delivery but it wasn't because the delivery it was just the taste it was just like very fishy . I know that sushi is fish but you know if your a sushi lover it doesn't taste fishy . I was fairly close and got my food fast but it taste like it had been sitting for hours .  It just tastes like old but I got the avocado tuna salad and it was good .Some of the best Chinese food in the area! The decor is extremely 100% tacky (pink everywhere). I've never actually dined in only take out. The food is fresh and tasty and hot! Chicken on stick is awesome. The soups are very good too! The Singapore noodles are very tasty and not greasy at all! Also the black pepper chicken is good and different. Not too greasy either. I've also had the chicken in garlic Sauce which was really good and also the chicken with string beans.  Also the have brown rice which is awesome because most places don't carry it!Chinese food in general sucks in the northeast,  No Han Dynasty's up here !!  :(  Szechuan East used to be the best period but they sold to new owners.  Taste Queen is awful!  Don't waste your time.    Henry's down the street is better (for the northeast)  and they deliver.  Szechuan even with new owners is still the best in the immediate area.I like this place. Good food and good service. Although they don't deliver, they never keep me waiting when I pick up --10 minutes is really 10 minutes. 
I think it might be on the high-end of Chinese food pricepoints (for the NE) but their Japanese food is quite reasonable.Had a chance to dine here last night thanks to a $25 gift card  from a particular website! This was my 2nd time here. The first time I dined here was in '05.
My friend Jess and I ordered Calamari as an appetizer (I love the way they prepare their calamari). So when the waitress asked us,"Calamari?" we said yes. Well, out comes Edamame. We didn't think anything of it. We thought maybe it was just like the crunchy (which were awesome, btw!) noodles you get when you sit down. Complimentary. And I even noted to Jess that when I came here in '05 they didn't give us edamame, so I thought maybe that had changed in the service.
So our Miso soups came. Then our dinners.
I got my usual Maki Combination (Alaska Roll, Spicy Tuna & Philly Roll) and decided to try a Special Roll. The Special Roll that I went for was the Crazy Tuna Roll (PEPPER TUNA AND AVOCADO INSIDE, TOPPED WITH SPICY TUNA). It wasn't that bad. It didn't knock my socks off either. It was tasty & fresh, don't get me wrong.. Maybe next time I'll look for something really out of the ordinary.  Looking at their menu online, next time I'll get the Golden Dragon Roll (Spicy Salmon & Asparagus inside, Salmon on the top).
Jess ordered Chicken Teriyaki with white rice. HUGE serving. She took home more than half of it.
Halfway through our meal we realized we never got the Calamari. When we questioned the waitress, she had thought we asked for Edamame!! We were still craving the calamari, so we told her we'd still like to have it. I know I shouldn't complain, but I thought that maybe they would have taken the edamame off the check, but hey - we had a $25 gift card, so whatever! Next time I order calamari there, I will make sure there are no communication issues. While yes, it was a little difficult to understand our waitress at times, that did not take away from the fact that she did a great job. 
Last but not least, ice cream. Jess had strawberry and I had green tea. The portions were HUUUUUUGE! While I didn't get a chance to take any pics of the sushi or Jess' meal, I did take a picture of the ice cream because I said it looked like wasabi ice cream (is there such a thing? I'd eat it!).
Overall it was still a very nice dinner. It did get a little loud with a table full of approx. 15 Russian diners celebrating a birthday, but hey, with bottles of wine, vodka and the delicious food, who could blame them for getting a little loud?
I have another $25 gift certificate to use and I'd definitely go back. The total was around $38, including 18% tip. Not too shabby!Haven't been here in a long time. Now I know why. For starters the won ton soup was extremely salty. I would say inedible for me and others in my party agreed. My entree was a shrimp and chicken dish. Tasty but lacking chicken.  However it was served on a pile of cut up celery/ carrots.  I asked prior to ordering and was told it's with veggies. I really don't consider celery a meaningful vegetable.  Fried rice was so salty too, I did not eat that either. Won't be going back there for a long timelived in the neighborhood for 11 years and only tried it last week (the name scared me off ;-o). Really good food and service. They serve Japanese and Chinese food in this brightly decorated restaurantUnassuming location, but very good food!  Lunch specials are an amazing deal!   The 5-stars is for the combination of price/quality.  Vegetables were appropriately crisp and flavorful, and the Hot & Sour soup was terrific.  Check it out!My wife, son & I went here for dinner......I had Shredded Garlic chicken (says spicy, but just tangy. Ask for it HOT....you'll get it!!), my wife had S&S chicken (states best she's ever had, & that's what she gets 99.9% of the time), & my son had shrimp & scallops over asparagus....I had some, pretty damn good, & it was actually nice to look at....they served it over slices of orange & cucumber, very colorful dish. For desert they served sliced of oranges still in the skin & pineapples, & we had some chocolate ice cream....Prices were decent, 3 people w/ appetizers was $48, & there is a 20% off coupon that you can download into your phone....so it was $40 when all was said & done. There aren't too many good Chinese restaurants in NE Philly area......& they serve Sushi (NOT a fan, but was cool too see octopus tentacles on the way out) if that's your thing...but this place is a keeper......I will definitely be back!!!This is a pretty tasty option while in the Krewstown/Sun Valley area. 
I always find myself here strictly for lunch. My go to is their bean curd and veggie soup for two, or in my case, for one hungry veg-head. I ask for some of their chili oil for an added kick to the big comforting bowl of fresh goodness. It's a simple dish, but really something I crave often. 
The fried chips here are by far my favorite of any Chinese restaurant. They sell them by the bag also. That is VERY dangerous. 
If you can make it here for lunch, I think you'll be fairly happy with your meal. They offer a variety of lunch specials which are priced from just under $5, to just over $6. They include your choice soup, wonton, hot and sour or egg drop (no veg substitutes unfortunately) and a side or either white, brown or fried rice. The meals are sized appropriate for the price and really are enough. The place is also empty during the day so there's definitely no wait. Makes for a great, quick stop if you need to be in and out, or a leisurely lunch of you so choose because no one is rushing you. 
They also offer fresh rolled sushi which I have never tasted here as well as daily specials listed on a board as you enter. The pumpkin soup has me intrigued, but I have yet to indulge. 
The food comes out extremely quick and service is always fine. The servers don't speak a ton of English, but it has never been an issue.  
If you're nearby, I say try it! My family has been coming for years and have always enjoyed their meals each and every visit. They often remark on how many shrimp are in a dish etc. Word is they're pretty generous here. 
$10 cc minimum.If you hate the colour pink, this is not your place. There is a ton of pink vinyl booths. It's definitely something from the 80's. 
This is a great place for lunch. They have great specials. The food is always hot, fast and delicious! The prices are very reasonable. 
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.There is no ambiance to speak of at Taste Queen, and it may take a while for someone to take your order, but once the order is taken it comes out fast and it is good. The entrees come with soup, which is nice on a cold winter night, but the soup didn't have much taste.  I also had some eggrolls as an appetizer. They were tasty, but a bit overcooked. My entree was the spare ribs with rice. The spare ribs were delicious. I originally wanted to save some to take home, but they were so good I ate them all and was licking my fingers afterwards. I highly recommend those spare ribs.
Taste queen is a good spot for when you are craving some Chinese food. But I wouldn't travel far for it, as every neighborhood probably has a Chinesse food restaurant on the same level.We have been ordering from Taste Queen for a couple of years now. It's not the closest Chinese Restaurant to us, but it's the best around. Everything we've ordered has been delicious. We mainly pick up our food and eat at home. Orders are ready on time and usually take about 10 minutes. Taste Queen also has a decent size dining room that can accommodate the whole family. 
Looking for something to try? We like the Chicken and Broccoli, General Tso's Chicken and Pork Fried Rice.Called them to ask a question about the food.. i asked if they make their fried rice with eggs.. The lady answered and said that they can do it with or without rice... and then hung up the phone on me assuming i was done but uhh i was about to order... called back and another guy answered and so i ordered the combo platter with boneless spare ribs and fried rice... and asked for no eggs (due to egg allergies)... the guy said no can do because their combo platter fried rice are all premade... and i said well the lady just said i can ask for it with or without eggs... and he said only if you order them separately like chicken fried rice only, freshly made then they can do it without eggs but not the combo platters but suggested that i can do an order of spare ribs and then an order of fried rice... but i said would that be the same price as combo ? And he said no its gonna be more expensive... wtf...i got frustrated and i said forget it. so wait... you guys dont do fresh fried rice when making all this food??? Makes me wonder how long the "combo fried rice" sits there until?I ordered taste queen on Ubereat today, their food is not even eatable. I am Chinese, I ubderstand people put cornstarch while cooking, however, the chef from this restaurant put way too much cornstarch in the Buddhist delight which make it not only look sticky but also taste disgusting. So I called the restaurant, whoever pick up my call is so unpatience.  They won't give me refound and tell me to complain on Uber eat.  A restaurant doesn't care about its views, guess how terrible the food could be. If you want to get pissed, try Taste Queen.We went on Saturday night one person ordered chicken chow mein when it came the diner called the waiter over and asked what the slimy thing was . He got very annoyed saying it was something that we didn't recognize. Said they've been making it like that for 20 years . The diner said I've had it here a hundred times never like this! He didn't take it back or offer to remove the price and it went uneaten! Then I got extremely sick about 2 hours later and vomited all night!!! Very very disappointed and a little pissed off !!!!! Will never ever go back ! It's 11 am next day and still can't eat or drink anything and keep tasting that food!!!All of the food was reheated from frozen. Nothing fresh. The fish we ordered was rotten and we couldn't eat it. If I could give it zero stars, I would. Stay away.This is our go-to Chinese neighborhood restaurant.  We've never had a bad meal or experience here.
I teach an ESL class for Chinese immigrants and brought some of here for lunch one day.  I still get teased about my "Chinese-American" restaurant.  They pointed out that many of the menu items, like my favorite, pepper steak, would never be found at an authentic Chinese place.  Since then I've had several authentic Chinese meals with my students and it's been quite an education!  But when I crave some good "Chinese-American" food this is the place to go.  Their food is always well prepared, tasty, and plentiful.  The service is friendly and prompt.  There is a large selection of sushi and Japaneses menu items but I've never had anything from that side of the menu except for Salmon teriyaki, which was terrific.  And as one in search of the perfect eggroll outside of Chinatown, Taste Queen's take the prize.  They're just as good as any you'll find in Chinatown.
A group of us had an early dinner at Taste Queen today and as usual it was a five star experience.
Reading through some of the reviews had me laughing as I read the comments on the pink decor.  Very Miami Vice color scheme, but if you can overlook that you'll be in for a great meal.Taste Queen is the best option in the area for your everyday Chinese takeout. The food is always good and the meat never funky (my least favorite thing that seems to happen at Chinese takeout quite frequently) and the service is on point. The also have a pretty decent Japanese menu.Had dinner here tonight, extremely disappointed and appalled at the owners reaction. My husband and I came in for dinner. Not being to hungry we order soup and a lomein. The server took the order then walked over to her boss and told him what we had ordered. She then came back back to say that we have to order a minimum of $7.95 per person. We never heard of such a thing in a restaurant. Yes we've heard of a sharing charge but not an eat  in minimum. The owner then came to the table saying that the minimum charge is printed on the menu. Now we've been to this restaurant many many times it is a neighborhood place. I said to the owner you just lost a customer. His response was so then don't come back!!!!!!!! Poor poor business!! Can't be to independent being that he had several violations in the past!! Thought we give it a try again. Never again!!Food was really good here when i ordered from here for dinner. We ended up eating the chicken and broccoli, crab ran goon (which were so hot and fresh) and my daughter got the chicken lo mein. 
We ordered delivery and it came quickly with not much wait. The driver was very friendly and had delivered everything and even gave us a bunch of extras like sauces, tea bags and crunchy noodles. 
The food was hot and fresh and was very flavorful. This was one of the first times I have eaten food from here and me and my daughter were very satisfied with our orders. We will definitely order from here again in the near future.I have rated Taste Queen the best Chinese food restaurant & take out place within driving distance of my home in the far Northeast.  Their portions are generously prepared & you can specify exactly how you want your food prepared. My husband is very picky & he has never been disappointed.Finally found a good Chinese restaurant in the area. Hit and sour soup +, fried dumplings+, General Tso's chicken+, crispy noodles with duck sauce++
We shall return. Eileen was our waitress and she was terrificI will don't go back this restaurant no more . weas time ..and weas money ..charge expensive more than menus with horrible food . very...very ...salty . . that's y this restaurant very quiet , no bussiness and no customers . very empty table . All families and all friends ....if you working hard you have to spend money with the right way . Don't be working hard and throw money in the toilet like me todayNice peaceful atmosphere. Unlike many other Chinese restaurants, this one plays beautiful Chinese music, not annoying radio stations! So nice there are no noisy and distracting TVs. (Why do so many restaurants today think that people have to watch TV everywhere they go?) EXCELLENT moo shu chicken. Very friendly people. Can't wait to return.The noodles and duck sauce were excellent as was the hit and sour soup and egg roll but the sweet and sour chicken was just chicken fingers with sauce on the side - not what we were hoping for. No green peppers or pineapple in the sauce. Just sauce to dip on the side. My husband was very disappointed. I had the spare ribs and white rice but no vegetable dame with this and nothing to alleviate the dryness of the rice. We were disappointed. Fortune cookie was very fresh and the orange and pineapple at the end were a nice touch. Wish we had sauce!We came for lunch and were one of 2 tables seated in the restaurant. The decor is dated and the color of most of the restaurant is a dismal pink. The chips and duck sauce that came to the table were good, I love the extra large ones and they serve those here. I ordered the Chicken w/ Cashew Nuts lunch special. This came with choice of rice and soup. The wonton soup was also well seasoned and the meat in the wontons was flavorful. My chicken with cashews was good as well. It was made with celery, carrots, mushrooms and zucchini. The sauce was delicious and the portion was just right. But the fried rice wasn't desirable at all. I took one bite and pushed it to the side.It would be my second time getting food from here. The first time it was bland in flavor. I got soup and steamed dumplings combo. 
The second time I got lunch special for $6.75 with tax and everything is $8~. It's good for the price. But flavor was still not there. Like I added one packet of soy sauce they gave me, but it was not enough. Also usually places give you forks. But I did not got mine, good that I had pack of them in my car. Like ho fun noodles and rice tasted good in freshness. But my chicken fried rice barely has any chicken lol. I guess they assumed since I was getting chicken with my noodles they decided not to put any in lol. It didn't taste horrible but I need more flavor. When ordering online I don't see the option for the soup even tho it says on the flyer. I got pork roll and meanwhile it was cooked well I did not see any pork in there, just some vegetables and cabbage. They gave couple sauces, but duck sauce looked pink and was too sweet. The mustard was spicy but I would preferred spicy Mayo instead. Hi fun had chicken but it was very thin sliced and didn't have enough flavor. 
It's okay for the price especially lunch special, but needs more flavor.Very clean , nice atmosphere & most importantly the food is really good & plenty of it . The servers r very friendly & get the orders correctGenerally speaking, the Chinese restaurants in the far Northeast Philadelphia have been disappointing. Most seem to have settled into a "good enough" attitude when it comes to their kitchens, with little effort for excellence, nor originality. It is regrettable that the locals have few decent choices until they are prepared to travel farther down Bustleton, or all the way to Chinatown for a good meal.  
One of the few exceptions to such poor performances is Taste Queen on Krewstown Road, just off Grant Avenue.  We settled in there for dinner late last week, and found it to be refreshingly concerned about quality cooking and satisfied knowledgeable customers. While it is accurate to called the "Queen" a study in pink as others mention, that eye-irritant is soon forgotten when dinner is brought to the table.  We were able to request a higher heat quotient than normal from our Hunan Chicken and Orange Beef, and actually have it prepared as we wished.  Both were large platters, with extra spicy black bean sauce on the chicken, and real Szechuan peppers mixed in with the tender beef.  They were so satisfying that we did not need to ask for more sesame oil or chili sauce. Very good job!
What was even more surprising was their rendition of Pumpkin Soup, on their Specials Board.  It was rich, creamy and very fresh.  Someone in the kitchen knows a thing or two about non-Chinese cuisine. 
Service was friendly and prompt, and the server didn't mind me practicing my baby Chinese.  She was quite amused. 
Finally an above average Chinois joint within range of home that meets our expectations for good Middle Kingdom dishes.  
Return guaranteed.It breaks my heart to write this review, as I have been a loyal customer of Taste Queen for many years (their food wasn't the best, but they have larger tables to accommodate family gatherings), but my last visit ended up with employees of the restaurant mangling my to-go order and responding to appalling rudeness at my attempt to straighten it out.
I carefully explained to the person who took my order that I do not eat animal products of any kind, including any sort of seafood. I specifically asked that my veggie sushi order be free of any traces of eggs or fish and was assured that they would be. When I returned home with the order, however, there was eel sauce poured all over my nori rolls.  When I tried to explain over the phone that this dish included animal products, the woman on the phone refused to let me finish a single sentence. She (and later a coworker) kept shouting at me that it was "just sauce" and it was no big deal. I repeatedly asked each of them to stop talking and check the ingredients of the sauce in the hopes that it was somehow OK for me to eat, but they refused, claiming the chef did not know what was in the sauce, that it was from a bottle. They refused to check the ingredients on the bottle. Their plan was that I should drive all the way back to the restaurant to have the meal switched out. It was late and I was exhausted and I asked if I could have the refund/replacement another day as I still had not eaten. I was told if would have to save the nori and bring it back if I wanted to do this. Worst of all was the non-stop talking over me. During the five minute conversation, I was never allowed to complete a sentence and then the male counter person hung up on me. I have noticed, going over some reviews here, that rudeness seems to be an underlying theme for Taste Queen reviews. I obviously won't be eating there again and recommend others think twice as well as the current staff has no respect for customers, nor are they willing to accept responsibility for an easily corrected error.Food gernerally delicious.I usually order Lunch menu because it is little cheaper and a smaller portion compared to dinnerSuch a cute restaurant! Very cozy and warm inside. The Chinese food is pretty tasty, and the sushi is beautiful, but expensive. I did not like all of the fish in the sashimi sampler though. I have had better and fresher sashimi in Center City.This place is okay and affordable I would say, but guess I got picky from eating in center city places. One piece of chicken was hard to bite though, broth was good, but that all. Guess I wasn't craving it. Also, I got dumplings just guess i don't like steaming one. Place was clean and quiet. At first there were not a lot of people. But couple more came in.Great food in a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere. The only drawback is short and abrupt phone manners (by a man, name unknown) when placing take out orders. Some niceties would be appreciated from customers spending their money at your restaurant rather than hundreds of other options in the immediate area... Rather than rushing people off of the phone just to get to the next call.This place is so good! Was introduced to this spot by a Northeast Philly native. It is truly authentic Chinese cuisine, no frills!
It's not much for ambiance per say, but an amazing spot to grab lunch as takeout. Filling and satisfying. 
Had the lo mein platter - with a vegetable egg roll, and scallion pancakes. 
Pretty standard Chinese food takeout order, however the taste of this restaurant steps it up a whole notch.We've dined inside a couple of times since they reopened for inside eating. They have both Chinese and Japanese items. We usually order both, as well as some sushi for appetizers. Food is plentiful, the service is good (they take your order via iPads), and we enjoy the sushi. Only caveat, like many Asian restaurants we've been to, they rush the courses. Since we get soup and appetizers, we always have to remind them to not rush dinner. We will be back, the food is really that good for a strip center restaurant.