This place UESED to be my go-to for cheap and awesome Chinese food, however the last 2 times I was there, there was definitely something different. New staff and new ownership, and as I recently asked, new cook as well. I always ordered the same tried and true dishes to go, and have yet to notice much of a difference in quality as of yet, however the service is definitely lacking (not that here was much of it before).  I'd say still go and try it for yourself, but keep in mind that all the positive reviews you've read/heard is basically for a different place.The most underrated restaurant in Philadelphia. The sweet and sour chicken is one of the best I've ever had. The management is very nice and have never given us any problems and I've been here a lot. Also the prices are crazy low for the amount of food that's given. Don't get intimidated by the hole in the wall location.As others have mentioned, this place is easy to miss and kind of divey, but definitely worth visiting for the food. You won't impress anyone with the ambiance, but man oh man, I am going to be dreaming of these wings for weeks. 
Shrimp with Green Vegetable Ho Fun: The ho fun noodles have a fantastic, nice, light texture. Green vegetables were perfectly cooked, as was the shrimp. 
Pan Fried Dumplings: Reminded us of pierogies with their heft, more substantial/less chewy dough than what I normally associate with dumplings, but these were good and filling. 
Salt Baked Chicken Wings: When I was a little kid, my favorite dinners were when my dad came home with a piping hot bucket of Roy Rogers chicken. Not the finest of culinary standards, but nothing beat the crunch and flavor of that first bite, revealing moist, tender chicken. My first bite of these wings brought me back to that happy place. Divine, if you come for one item, then this has to be it.Small joint, near grocery market in an underground floor. I've been here eversince I was a little kid with my aunties. I always came here for the beef or chicken sautéed hau fun flat noodles. They were and still are very delicious. Now the only thing is I used to feel hesitant around the owner to order because I'm Chinese and felt I should have to communicate in our language...or it looks shameful. But that's no big deal because no matter what the owner was always nice to me and the food was always delicious.This is a little hole in the wall, underground (literally, in the basement) place that happens to have excellent food. While my family was at the NAACP national conference held in Philly in 2016, we shared a meal here with some young conference participants. Our family found the found delightful but expected that the flavors might not appeal to non-Chinese people from outside of the US northeast region. But fortunately, they loved the food as much as we did!
We have visited this spot a few times and it has disappointed us yet. Another plus is the supermarket also down on this level, so if you need to pick up any Chinese grocery items you can get those before or after your meal :-)
BTW it may still be cash only.This is a textbook case of "don't judge a book by its cover". The restaurant is in the basement of a janky Chinese supermarket. It's hard to find if you're not a regular, and passers-by probably wouldn't even know there was a restaurant, let alone think to eat there. 
That being said, I've been here no fewer than 6 times in the last 2 months. My boss at work LOVES eating here, so every time we have a team lunch, Tasty Place is where we go!
I've only ever eaten 3 things here- the General Tso's chicken, the salted fish and chicken fried rice, and the fish with Okra. 
The General Tso's chicken is what makes this place the go-to for work lunches, my boss and coworkers can't get enough of it. It's sweet and salty, very deep flavor, a bit fatty but still delicious. Just a pro tip- the darker the color, the more flavorful it'll be!
The salted fish and chicken fried rice is a personal choice, as I've been eating it since I was a kid and this place does it quite well! And the fish with okra is another request from my coworkers, the fish is cooked really well and is quite tasty. The problem with that dish is that nobody would want to eat the okra, so we've recently decided to have them put Chinese broccoli on the dish instead of the okra, and suddenly it's become as popular as the General Tso's!
The food is very tasty but also quite heavy, so be prepared for a food coma if you come here for lunch. The bathroom (which I've never been to, thankfully) is apparently not for the weak-hearted, and the environment would completely throw me off if I came here by myself, which is why this place only gets 4 stars. But at the end of the day, the food is cheap and tasty, so I'll definitely be coming back in the future!I love this no frills home style Chinese cafe. The tea is served in styrofoam cups and it is in the basement of a grocery store but the food is great and cheap and the owners very brusque but kind. My shrimp with broccoli entree was HUGE and delish in a light and flavorful white garlic sauce. My friends shrimp with egg whites and peas over rice was also great. The best part?  $15.50 for both and we had leftovers for dinner!  Love!Well add me to the list as a fan. The salt baked wings were great along with the shrimp fried rice. Very good food, good portions and flavors. It definitely is a dumpy, hole in the wall that you would never knew existed. But now that I know they are there I wont be getting Chinese from anywhere else.Had I not been told this was an excellent place to get Chinese, and had I not been with co-workers, I would have walked in and walked right now. Located in Chinatown in the basement of a Chinese market, I was hit by the smell of fish. Being a vegan this was quite over-powering, but my meat-eating friends liked the smell so I was less afraid. 
The small café is not fancy by any means, so don't plan a blind date here or you may never see him/her again. We were promptly seated and waited on. I ordered the Bean Curd over rice. It was promptly delivered about 15 minutes later. It was very good, although I was hoping for some vegetables in with the bean curd but since it wasn't in the description I didn't make an issue of it. The portions were very large so I was unable to finish mine; and, my co-workers still had quite a bit left of their meal as well. 
I would go here again, for delivery, as the smell still was not appealing to my senses.Now that's authentic Chinese food!! Found another gem in philly with the help of my colleagues!!! Great stuff and staff! Great price for a huge meal! Make sure to try the Garlic chicken wings! It's to die for!The food is great here, I ordered the ho fun with black bean sauce; it was definitely worth the $6 I paid for it. The portion was quite generous and it had a lot of flavor in the noodles. One star off for the sketchy location, other than that, this place is a gem! I would recommend this place for authentic Cantonese cuisine, but definitely not for a date.If you can't find it you are not alone. Find the address, walk past the man that doesn't even know it's in the basement and head down. It's a little restaurant in a scary basement Chinese grocery.
This place, as good as it is should not be the highest rated Chinese place in Chinatown. If you walk down to the corner of Race and 11th the place there that I reviewed is much better and I haven't had a chance to investigate the rest. This shows the flaw with Yelp. That said if you want a great meal at a great price head down the basement.
The good:
Young Chow Fried Rice
Salt Baked Chicken Wings
The Prices are VERY reasonable
Friendly service
Not so good
Atmosphere non existant. Not a date place unless shes really cool
Tried the Dai Pang Chow Mai and it's basically a pasta dish no sauce to speak of kind of boring
The dumplings were deep fried and didn't stay crispy very long. Meat inside underwhelming.
I would not want to need to use the bathroom here.
Edit: Some kids came in and sat beside me. They ordered the typical general chicken and chicken fried rice. The one kids said he had his masters degree he could not be more than 21 years old. No substitute for StreetSmarts.The name is pretty self explanatory - the food here is cheap and so tasty! Really liked the needle noodles, I've never seen anything like it before!i used to live in chinatown for many years but never had a chance to try this place. today, my friend took me here and i was actually surprised by the quality of the food and especially the portions for it's price. Now given that the duck and the cha sew are nothing special, their curry, ho fun and the salt and pepper wings were really good. this place is honestly one of the closer things to a kong kong cafe in philly if you will. i will definitely be back to try more things.Good noodle dish. Had the shrimp fun ho noodle dish (fat noodles) and this is what Chinese food should taste like. There was a little grittiness in the meal, so that was a little concern for cleanliness, but overall tasty indeed. Good portion size for $6.50 tax included. CASH ONLY. The restaurant itself is a complete dive and was quite warm, so I decided to go the takeout route.
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 4 Stars
Service = N/A
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 0 StarThe atmosphere isn't great, but it's fine.  I've been to the Chinese market before, so i knew what to expect. I ordered wonton soup and general tsos chicken.  The soup was great, but the chicken was not so good.  The general tsos sauce was different with huge chunks of jalapeño and garlic, I didn't care for it.This is a dump. Really not nice. But..... The food is good and really cheap. Don't take your mom. And don't use the bathroom. Really hold it. You can shop after at the filthiest  Asian market in the city. If you go on a first date you'll know if you can be compatible .This is one of my "hidden jewels" for food. The setting itself is probably the downside of the restaurant, but it's cheap, tasty, and wide variety of foods makes up for it. The portion is outstanding. You would not believe how much you'd get for a $6-7 platter. Most of the items on the menu are around $6 but ranging from $5-10. I wouldn't call it typical chinese food either. I mean their food is gooood. I've had multiple items on their menu which all have tasted good, and stuffed me up every time. Great place for students or anyone who is trying to save money, and get their money's worth. I think the location of the food store is the reason for why the majority of people do not know that it exists. As a college student myself, I often come in the evening to satisfy my hunger for a couple of bucks.I must say, it's definitely not fine dining but boy what I got was good. I got the chow ho fun 2x. I would get it again likely. The salt and pepper wings were eh. I love that it's connected to a supermarket. First and foremost, excellent friendly service. I would go back for that alone. I also think the chinese eggplant and mashed shrimp in black bean sauce was strong. I like this place and wish more places didn't overcharge for the same dishes.After reading many reviews (including) the Craig LaBan year end recap, I decided to try this place. As everyone raved about the salt wings and dumplings, those were the chosen apps.  I went for duck and roast pork with green veggie (rice platter.)  19 &20 year old daughter and son who are adventuresome at Han Dynasty, but wary of other places went with Sweet and Sour and General Tso's chix respectively.
Fried dumpling came out first, steaming hot.  A little oily, but hey .. they're fried..  Very tasty. Next came my dish, and quite a bit later, the wings.  Kid's entree's were timed pretty far off, but they were happy munching the slightly salty almost tempura (but not as crisp) wings, served so hot we had to slow down a little.
Hot tea was provided along with styrofoam cups, as was water when requested. Service was quick (very), but polite and our English was easily understood.
Sweet and Sour chicken, as indicated elsewhere was a stunning version of a tired classic "Americanized" dish.  Tender, moist breaded breast, drizzled but not drenched in a sweet and vinegary sauce.  The General Tso's on the other hand, was VERY garlicky and had a lot of sort of sour brown sauce.  The chicken was chewy thigh meat, and the breading soggy.   One dish to avoid.
My duck and pork served with tender bok choy atop a huge mound of white rice was un-sauced.  The pork was delicious loin dusted with five spice.  The duck, what little was actaully consumable was quite good, but one the bones were removed, I suspect the actual skin and meat would have filled a tablespoon.  For five bucks and change, though, I'm not complaining.
Son did not finish his General Tso's so I ordered another round of dumplings (six large to an order) for the ride home.  Bill came to $41 before tip (after being whacked 15 to park.) I suppose if you drove around long enough you could get street parking, but it IS Chinatown, right?
I will definitely go back, but thinkI would stick with the wok-noodle dishes next time.  That could raise this rating to a four.  Atmosphere ,,, Let's get real.  I came here to eat, not pee.  I don;t care if they HAVE  a restroom,  In in a basement supermarket in Chinatown.  Anyone expecting the Four Seasons restroom attendant to meet them has unrealistically high expectations.  Worth a shot, but avoid the "Americanized classics."  Save those for Pei Wei or something.I am angry at myself for not having eaten here before, even though I've known about this place for years.  Finally went today and had the shredded pork and picked cabbage soup.  Lots of big pieces of fatty roast pork, very nice pickles, fresh gai lan, and an unexpected bonus:  sliced black mushrooms!  Really good.
I don't understand why people feel the need to say it's lacking in atmosphere and grungy.  It didn't seem dirty to me, and it was an extremely pleasant place to eat lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The people shopping at the grocery store and coming in and out and hanging around give it a very lively atmosphere.
The woman who waited on me (who must be the same woman mentioned in other reviews) was very good at her job.  The perfect combination of efficient and friendly.  Brusque and pleasant.  She told me to take my time when she brought me the check.  I am so happy to come across staff in restaurants who are obviously in the right job.
And I've seen MUCH worse bathrooms.  Sure, they're a little dirty.  But the toilet worked and there was soap and a hand dryer.  I can't ask for much more than that.
I can't wait to go back to this place and try some other things.Great spot for cheap Chinese food. It is not a beautiful place to have dinner but give it a try and grab a takeaway if not staying in. I had their most popular beef meal (picture on the wall and the server will tell you which one) and it was great. Beef was really delicious. I like spicy food so they could use more spices though but they have chili paste on the tables. Will definitely go again!The name of this restaurant is accurate - it is tasty and it is a place. It's a weird place, but it's a good place. Go to it.Probably our fav hole in the wall in Philly Chinatown. Cheap, delicious comfort food. We like the chicken wings, sweet and sour fish, beef and bitter melon, fried noodles, seafood green veggies, morning glory, pretty much everything we've ordered has been delicious!This place is pretty tasty place. They deliver their salt baked wings pretty on point - crispy on the outside and tender in the inside. Sometimes they top the chickens with fried jalapeños. I wish hey did that every time because the jalapeños are delicious. The eggplant dish was good as well as the Singapore noodles with curry sauce. This place is worth every penny. The food comes out super fast during the not too busy hours.The Good: Real, authentic Chinese food! Noodle soups are tasty and their house special soup (probably made with leftovers) was quite unique. I would definitely come back to try more of their dishes. Service was on top of their game throughout the meal.
The Bad: Ambiance is worse than divey -- I'm not picky, but Tasty Place's griminess just doesn't measure up to a legitimate establishment. This place is gross. Don't even think about going into the bathrooms unless you want to experience a smell comparable to twenty hobos going number three in a cramped space. Tasty Place apparently allows BYOB but you'd have to be downright intoxicated to even consider doing so in the first place.
Bottom line -- I don't know why I ate here and thank my lucky stars I'm still alive.Love this little hole in the wall place!  My shrimp over rice plate was delish, huge, and only $6. Plus they are super fast and I had my takeout in less than 5 min. I saw them cooking the dish in the kitchen. It's a no frills cafe but the food is fantastic and very authentic Cantonese home style.This place is a gem. Although it may be a bit hard to find, it's worth it when you get there. The food is delicious and inexpensive, which is a pretty good combination. I recommend the salt-baked squids (calamari), they are crispy on the exterior but the inside is soft, not to mention it's garnished with salt and jalapeño. I also recommend the beef with kai-lan and sweet and sour fish. 
One thing to be wary of is the bathroom, which can be improved, but it still doesn't detract from the food.This is one of my favorite Place in Chinatown when it comes to beef stir fried noodles and seafood pan fried noodles. I've been coming to this place for like 23 + yrs. although the portion is a bit smaller than it used to be but still very reasonable priced. Most of their dishes range from $5 - $7. This is one of those hole in the wall place. It's so hidden because it's located downstairs in the basement next to a supermarket. I normally order to go coz I don't enjoy eating underground where I can't see natural sunlight during the daytime.The most authentic Chinese food experience you'll find in Philly. On the scale from fortune cookies to the one child policy, this place is somewhere between tiananmen square and the great wall (not literally).
The marks of authenticity:
*Best salt baked chicken wings I've ever had, for like $10?
*Flavors are just real - hard to describe, but when you taste it, you'll know
*Decor to match the best of Chinese hole-in-the-walls; more hole in the ground than wall though
*Cash only & super sketchy bathroom
I heard you can bring fresh lobster/seafood and ask the chef to make it here - never tried it but might soon. Everything about this place is just clutch - the food, the prices, and great service. Just hope it doesn't get too popular that the prices start getting gentrified.Tasty Place is a perfect moniker.  It isn't elegant, it isn't easy to find, it isn't even really a defined restaurant.  But damn is it Tasty.  Located through some flea market style stalls down a staircase toward a downstairs Asian Grocery store, Tasty Place is more of a grouping of tables in an alcove.  It is one of those places where you see the only server and are seated amidst the papergood storage.  This makes this whole in the wall an epic find.  Beyond traditional American Chinese staples that are better than whatever your "local" Chinese takeout is peddling, this has a deep and VERY inexpensive menu from Salt Baked Whatever to Questionable Fish with Okra.  Whatever you choose is the most delicious item until your next dish arrives.  Does this not excite you?  Are you afraid of eating here because you are sitting between the supermarket elevator and to go boxes?  Poor choice because it some of the best food in Chinatown.Absolutely incredible food.  however, the place is also absolutely filthy.  Do not use the bathroom.My Grandfather introduced me to this hidden treasure. Best chinese food I've had in my nearly 23 years on the planet. Every dish  is great but I recommend the pan fried and ho fun noodles. The prices and portions are incredible. $7 will buy food for 2. Disclaimer: atmosphere is authentic Chinese market- plenty of interesting sights and smells. The woman who runs the place is so helpful and friendly. Great service. Also the Chinese market the place is attached to has a huge selection of great asian foods.In a downstairs grocery store - the ambiance is nothing to speak of, but they get your food out quickly. All of the dishes were quite good, but the standout was the baked salt wings. Great place to grab a bite to eat after work (lots of people seem to do this) or for takeout. Not really a dining experience, though.Wow! Basement restaurant that's cheap and delicious! And a Chinese waiter that didn't look at you like you're not worth their time is almost a rarity in the Philly Chinatown!
Ordered the classic beef ho fun, fried chicken wings, and, last but not least, the seafood tofu soup. Everything was excellent. The noodles were thick, slightly oily and charred, which was exactly how I like em! Chicken wings were flavorful and still retained a lot of juices inside. The soup was light, clean and to the point. The best part was how cheap everything was. 
Definitely a good spot for quick and cheap lunch in Chinatown, if you don't mind eating inside a basement grocery store restaurant. I will frequent this place more for sure. Cash only for a cheaper meal, otherwise credit cards are ok? Not sure though.When you get to this address, walk into the Asia Supermarket. Then you walk DOWNSTAIRS and Tasty Place is directly on your right.
I walked back and forth on this street 3 times trying to find this yummy place to order take out. Oh and while I was waiting for my food to be prepared, I walked around the little grocery store and got some yummy snacks for the next day.
Salt baked fried chicken = AMAZING and the Pork fried rice = Good, basic, yum!
They PACK in the food. Like seriously... I ordered this for myself and then ended up giving away more than half my food when I walked back to school. AND I still had leftovers. Yes, be ready to be blown away by chinatown food.I heard about tastyplace from a coworker. And I knew I had to go after hearing about these magical saltbaked wings. 
Let me be perfectly honest this is not exactly a nice place or even very appealing but I could care less. If you aren't interested in a food adventure this is not the place for you! 
We ordered the saltbaked wings - amazing, so juicy and tender and crispy exterior with yummy umami flavor. The beef chow fun which was so yummy! The thick noodles were perfectly cooked and the beef was tender and not too chewy. We also ordered the tai/ dai pang chow Mai . Thin rice noodles with BBQ pork, squid, and sour cabbage. It was light and filling. The combination of flavors was surprisingly good. 
You have to try this place. It's really good food for like $8 per person. I can't wait to go back for those wings!The BEST chinese food I've ever had. The salt and pepper wings are the best thing on the menu. I also had the chicken eggplant with garlic sauce and it's my new go to. I think having chinese food and not having it here is just a waste of money because not only is this place great it is also very cheap.This place seems sketchy and the atmosphere isn't that great, BUT the food is awesome and the prices are hard to beat.  Their pan fried dumplings and fried salt+pepper chicken wings are amazing.  Well really just about everything on the menu is tasty so if you don't mind a dingy looking restaurant you should definitely give this place a try.  It's one of my favs.I've had many dinners here because it's cheap, fast, convenient, and oh so tasty. I was in Philly Sunday passing through, and I had to get my fix of their salt baked wings. They were just as I remembered them.
Ordered my other favorites which were the Singapore noodles and the eggplant with salted fish and chicken. I left full and happy. Our orders also came with huge bowl of rice.
this place is good for small party sizes as there are limited tables and chairs.  it's great for parties four or under.  there's one table that can hold 6 people.  
there's about half a dozen tables in this place.  plus it's in the back of a grocery store that's IN the basement.  don't let that fool you in any way.  i would go here over many restaurants at ground level.
beware of the bathrooms.  tasty place doesn't have their own restrooms.  it's the common one for the grocery store along with all the shops.  it's like walking into a crack house .... actually, that would probably be cleaner.  you've been warned.This place is the best chinese restaurant I've ever gone to! The food is cheap yet delicious, the staff is nice and helpful (she took the time to explain when I asked what each dish is). The food came out fast and fresh and most of them has plenty of meat, unlike some chinese restaurants that have 98% noodle and 2% everything else. I come here everytime I crave chinese food because there's no need to look elsewhere, it has all that I want in a chinese restaurant, especially the salt baked squid and seafood soup. One bad part about this is you would want to puke all the good food you ate once you enter the bathroom, but that can be avoided.This is the proverbial hole in the wall: an underground restaurant sharing space with a grocery store in a basement in chinatown. Depending on which door you come in through, you might pass a bucket of turtles on your way in. 
That being said, their food is crazy cheap and their chicken wings are awesome. I've also had noodles here which are solid.
*7/19 update: their tofu w/fish is really yummy (and cheap), as is their pork chop w/onion.Hard to find little dive restaurant tucked in the corner of a dingy Asian supermarket in the basement. Don't let that description scare you away though... the food is very good. 
3  of us split 4 dishes, and had some left over to take home, and it set us back only $28. The salt baked wings were good, but didn't blow me away like I expected them to based on other reviews. They were good though. The home run, in my opinion was the Beef Stir Fried Ho Fun. I had no idea what this was when I ordered it, but beef stir fry sounded good... I rolled the dice with the "Ho Fun" part, and won. This was awesome! 
Also had a couple other dishes that I can't recall the names of, but everything was excellent and portions were huge, plus you simply can't beat the price.
One small tip... Go to the restroom somewhere else before you get here. If you go in their restrooms before you eat, you will lose your appetite. Otherwise, by all means try this place!It's a hole in the wall and this place is so hidden, but the food is so good and authentic! And every food item there is so cheap! 
What I would recommend: can't go wrong with any of the dumpling noodle soup (the soup is definitely for you if you dont like too much msg or salt); beef ho fun soup, Ginger and Scallion Stir Fried Soft Noodle, singapore noodles, chicken fried rice, stir fried ho fun, and my FAVORITE: filet fish with tofu with rice (make sure u tell them firm tofu, not soft tofu)This is your old school, gritty, underground Chinese joint serving up some authentic Chinese dishes. Service is solid, the lady that's been working there is awesome and will get you what you want fast. Over the past years, the beef ho fun (which is most likely their most popular dish) has slowly been creeping up in price, maybe due to the hype it's getting. Can't blame them though, it's good af 
If you want to impress your out of town friends of how cultured you are, bring them hereI love this place. I don't mind at all that it's part of a basement grocery store. If anything, that kind of adds to its charm. I had the salt baked chicken wings the first time I came, maybe a year ago, because of the rave reviews on here. They were very very good, and I don't even like wings that much. When I came a week or two ago, I got the fried beef ho fun, which was also delicious.I've been going to this restaurant for years and it is definitely the best restaurant in Chinatown. Fast service, VERY cheap food (compared to other better looking restaurants around), delicious, nice waitress, etc. While the food is occasionally too salty for my taste, I suppose it is standard for Chinese food. I always order the seafood soup and salt-baked squid, but other things are good as well. This is one of the few restaurants I want to come back after the first try, being more of a home-made food person. Definitely worth a try!I could go on about the authenticity of this place, the justice it does to "Cantonese wokery" as Craig LaBan (rightfully) did. But enough people have slept in that bed. I will put my food credentials in jeopardy and go the opposite route: This is in defense of the sweet and sour chicken ($8.50), if only at Tasty Place.
Yes, the Chinese mock us for our very 'Muricization spin on it. And our own cultural elites deride us and fumigate us with a dizzying heap of scorn: "You know they don't eat this in China, right?" they'll ask us, which inevitably leads to "You don't know how to use chop sitcks?" and "Can you stop saying 'me so horny' every time we come here, Zac?" Smug PC police, I tell you.
This is not your hours-old, mall food court variety of sweet and sour chicken that's carelessly ladled into an equally lifeless styrofoam container. Not here. Here is a sanctuary for judgment-free bites of golden nuggets fried to a smokey blister. Here, a flaky shell of awesome envelopes the chicken and breading. The sauce is served on the side (when ordering to go) so you can adequately drizzle the sauce over the dish in way that covers it with more of a morning dew than flash flood of high fructose corn syrup. And they say there's no delicacy in this dish... It also takes 15 minutes to prepare from scratch, which is plenty of time for you to get over any preconceived notions.
The rest of the menu borders on good to amazing, especially for a place that allows cigarette smoking and MSG in its kitchen. Salt baked chicken wings ($8.50), any of the ho fun dishes (heh! Also: $5.50 - $6.50), and positively anything with char siu (Chinese BBQ pork, basically) are worth some of your first considerations. And yeah, they really do smoke in the kitchen. Try it anyway.Wish I could eat their chicken wings every day!  So good!!!!   Get take out, as the restaurant itself is NOT for the faint of heart.The entrance is on the middle of the block with a yellow awning above saying "Chinese Market". Go in the door, there is a nick-knack vendor, walk by him and go down stairs. The basement is a grocery store on the left and a small dining area to the right which is Tasty Place.   This is an authentic noodle and rice shop. I got the beef chow fun. It had the good wok charry flavor, nice wide noodles and terrific aroma. This dish tasted authentic to me. It was only $6 for a big plate of food and as much tea as I could drink. 
All the people eating lunch with me were Chinese speaking both Mandarin and Cantonese.  The place is NOT Fancy at all but it seemed clean enough for me. I can see where non-Chinese tourist would be put off, but that is their loss.If you're really into hole-in-the-wall places, with really great authentic food, this place is for you! I got the salt and pepper baked chicken wings and pan fried noodles with mushrooms! Some of the better authentic Chinese food I've had in Philly! A hidden gem!This is a dive and it looks like a dive.  it tastes pretty good though.  the soup of the day I think is made of left overs (like most restaurants), and looks like a porridge.  at least the day I went.  it was cheap too, and probably authentic. 
not a 5 star because it is cold and looks like a dive, 4 stars because it tastes pretty good and the owner (?) seems both friendly, pleasent, competent, and kind. 
and saw some BYOB.Unlike your ordinary neighborhood Chinese restaurant, this place offers any Chinese food you can think of, even if it's not available on the menu.
The chicken wings that they have is not like American chicken wings, they make it  crispy and tasty.
My favorite dish that's not available in the menu is the steamed whole fish with ginger sauce. The server lady will guide you to the fish market to select which fish do you like.
I know the restroom is really smelly and nasty, but what can you expect for a public restroom.Let's start with the location - Tasty Place quite literally shares a basement with a Grocery Store. I'd argue the restaurant is better for it. I ate here on a Tuesday afternoon and while Philly was bustling outside, and Sakura Mandarin was fairly crowded, Tasty Place had ample seating. The restaurant is very small, but service was quick. I believe they are "Cash Only" so plan accordingly. 
I ordered the obligatory wings, which were served promptly, and piping hot. I've read some mixed reviews regarding the wings. For me, they lived up to expectations and worth the trip. Also, the prices here are fantastically low. Wings were $10, but one order was filing. You can get soup for $.75, and most things look to be in the 5-6 dollar range.  As for quality, at the moment I can only speak to the wings, but I plan to return - the beef ho fun looked crazy good. 
From the street its hard to believe there is a restaurant here - but is absolutely worth an adventure!
UPDATE: See Ho Fun Picture #WorthitThis place is great. Just make sure you dress warm and go to the bathroom beforehand. I loved the hot and sour soup. You have to pay cash, which is kind of inconvenient. But for the food, this place is one of the best Chinese in the whole city.I've came here for multiple occasions but this is going to be the first for me writing the review. 
What I ordered was beef Lo Mein, I've had it multiple times at this place and it never seem to disappoint me. But this time... literally there was two big pieces of beef and three small pieces. I've came here before and they've given more than the portion I got today.
The sauce that they used was... soy sauce? The sauce was black from what I saw when I finished, the sauce was too much, they overdressed the noodles that took away the flavor of the beef. 
The store just opened when I came in and one of the male waiters was disruptive moving stuff around, it felt as he didn't want to be there or just having a bad day.
It's cheaper than most of the other places which is a plus... I guess? But I'll be going to another place and paying an extra $1-2 from now on.I order take out for chicken and mushroom over rice and it was delicious . The chicken was very soft and the mushroom was well flavor. Even though it was take out the food was still hot and very appetizing. One thing j dislike about this dish was it was cover in sauce so it made the rice quite soggy. But I prefer soggy rice with sauce over dried and hard rice. It was only 5.50 for the box of rice so the price is not bad at all. I think there is a minimum of 10 dollars for credit card so if your ordering a dish for yourself only make sure to bring some cash.Great food, good prices. I would go again in a heartbeat. Large portions and every thing I tried was excellent. Can't wait for another road trip to Philly.The service is horrible, the "fried" chicken was soggy and cold, there were flies everywhere. I get that it's a hole in the wall place, but I shouldn't have to wait 30 min to get soggy fried chicken when the 3 other tables that got sat after us all got their food first. It's a bad Americanized Chinese food place with rude waiters. Definitely won't be coming back here everThis restaurant is in the basement of a grocery store, hence why locals call it "The Basement." Stopped by here for lunch. Super casual place and food came out pretty quickly. Ordered the singapore noodles and beef ho fun. A bit oily but still solid asian food. Portions are big enough to share and the prices are great! Cash only.A walk underground that's worth it... I would have never known about this place without reading one of the recent ROTD reviews... Mention salt & pepper wings, and I'll find the place. You'll have to find the address, which is easy enough, then head downstairs to where the market is located. Tasty Place is to the right as soon as you reach the bottom of the steps. I ordered beef with bean sauce, and salt baked wings... Let me just say that for the amount that you pay, they give you enough food for two meals. The beef was tender and served with steamed broccoli and pork fried rice. Surprisingly great tasting food considering the literal in-the-corner kitchen location. It just goes to show that you can place a good cook in any location or situation, and he/she will produce a great meal. 
Find the address, then follow the steps down... You won't be disappointed.I only found this place through a recommendation and the Craig LaBan review. Based on the sketchy location and supermarket view, I wouldn't have made it here on my own. It is true to say you can't judge it's book by its cover.  The food here is very authentic, delicious, and very inexpensive. I've been coming here for the past year and only as takeout. Definitely order the food before you go so it will be ready when you arrive. 
I haven't made it past the few dishes I've been ordering each time. They do have a nice selection so I will need to try something new.  For now, the seafood ho fun is delicious and the noodles just melts in your mouth. The salt and pepper wings are definitely a must try.  The breaded crust and jalapeño garnish (I eat them too) works well with the dish.  
So don't let the exterior of the place scare you away!For years, I have been shopping at the underground Asian supermarket for my noodles, dumplings, and stir fry sauces. When I read Craig LaBan's review of Tasty Place - I couldn't believe it. That little hole in the wall inside the grocery store? The one that kind of smells weird? But I had to try it - and I'm so glad I did.
Everything is made to order, they do not joke around! The salt baked wings are the BEST wings I have ever had - EVER! They crush David's Mai Lai Wah's Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings! They seem to have some kind of rice cracker crust and a ginger marinade, and inside is the moistest chicken you have ever tried. I'm so glad this new world has been opened for me, because I never would have tried this place otherwise. Seriously, the whole "don't judge a book by its cover" phrase? They were talking about this place when they came up with that!Through a door, passed a jewelry counter, down the stairs, and to the right of the grocery store is Tasty Place- serving cheap Chinese food. If you require a white table cloth to accompany your dining experience, this is probably not the place for you.
Their Beef Chow Fun is superior to others I have had. The noodles do that melt in your mouth thing that the average Chinese joint doesn't often get right. Chow fun has  a tendency to be greasy, but here they manage to make it full of flavor without the greasiness. On the menu this dish is listed as Beef Stir Fried Ho Fun, ho fun being the name of the wide noodles. $5 gets you a whole styrofoam container. 
I also went a dish that consisted of a few Chinese standard components- Roast Duck & Pork with Green Vegetables and rice. ($5.50) While the vegetables and duck good in a regular sort of way, the pork was rather exceptional.  The thick slices were a touch sweet and a tad salty, with no fat or tough pieces- in other words, perfection.STAY FAR FAR AWAY NEVER GO HERE EVER...THE ABSOLUTE WORST.
FOOD WAS MEDICORE AT BEST but based ofg their customer service I would advise to STAY FAR AWAY.
They are the definition of rude. They could careless about their customers even when the bill comes out to $150
They were 30 minutes late with the food and would not accept my credit card at delivery ve although they didnt tell me that. Then had th nerve to tell me they wouldnt leave the receipt and didnt want to go back to the office because they didnt feel like it. They started ignoring my calls and hanging up on me. They also claimed to not speak English 
now I had to waste time in my day to go there. then was there for 30 minutes trying to pay again because they have no idea what they are doing.Ho Fun was my dinner tonight.  Yummy food.  Not the best in Chinatown but good for the price.  Many items are $7-8, a solid value.My favorite Chinese restaurant when I lived in Philadelphia. I always make sure to get a meal when I visit philly for work. All of the food is so tasty and inexpensive. The actually restaurant leaves something to be desired, but I'm sure that's how they keep the cost down. They prefer cash, but do accept cardsLocated in a supermarket,  the boyfriend was so scared to try this place... especially when it looks dingy and there are so many other options in the area.  It took me so long to convince him to go.  
I ordered "Dai Pang Noodles" to-go once before with my coworkers when our office was still in Chinatown.  They were forgettable... and very oily.  I won't order those noodles again.
The boyfriend and I shared the "soup of the day" which was pork soup with beans ($1~2!), "shrimp and pork needle noodles ($7~8)," and the popular salt baked chicken wings ($9~10).  Soup was actually decent, but lukewarm.  Needle noodles were good, but got cold way too quick.  Salt baked chicken wings were okay and was the only super hot dish.  The jalapenos added some pizzazz to the wings, in my opinion.  
I will order the soup of the day and needle noodles again, but will ask the ladies to make sure they're both piping hot.  I'm not too sure about the wings, since we weren't able to finish them, but perhaps we'll order them again when we have more people join us.  
Definitely a place to keep in rotation when in Chinatown and craving Cantonese-style home food!They never disappoint and this is a go to place for cheap eats. I recommend their (dry) beef and broccoli ho fun and egg plant w/ garlic sauce!This is literally a hole in a wall. This is a no frills type of Chinese restaurant where you order your typical homey Chinese dishes--- beef ho fun, fried rice, and beef and tomato over rice. 
On this occasion, my husband decided that he wanted to try the salt baked chicken wings. The food arrived quickly and was piping hot! As soon as we bite into the wings, we could taste the heat. Good thing they provided some water! It's was delicious-- salty and crispy! We definitely see why so many people rave about these wings because they're so addictive! 
Next time, we definitely want to come back to try other dishes!OK, first off, let me tell you not to expect a beautiful dining room.  This place is located in the basement next to the Asia Super Market, and it is dark and dingy and looks like it could be used as a backdrop for a dimly lit murder scene in a film, but....the food more than makes up for the less than appealing surroundings.  My go to dish is the Singapore noodles, full of spicy goodness and so massive I always get several meals out of it afterwards.  I normally get it to go, because I think eating in the dining area would only make me depressed.This place is best categorized as a hole-in-the-ground establishment that serves high quality fast food. It is a little hard to stumble upon unless you were seeking it out purposefully; it is located within the Asia Supermarket, which is an underground grocery store located in Chinatown. 
We have tried a couple of dishes on the menu - the stir fried beef ho fun, veal with black pepper sauce, fried chicken, and fried squid. Although a bit on the greasy side, the beef ho fun really hit the spot with its chewy wide noodles. The veal with black pepper sauce was lathered in yummy sauce, came with a side of white rice, and was very enjoyable as well. I didn't enjoy the fried foods as much, but two of my friends really liked the fried squid. Everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their meals as well, and I couldn't help but feel food envy when eyeing the other dishes on the nearby tables around me. 
Although located in a small corner of the grocery store, there were plenty of tables to sit at. We were offered a pot of tea and a pitcher of water, which was very convenient as we didn't have to wait for people. It is not a very fancy, clean place to eat at by any means, but the dark basement feel goes very well with the fast food-like feel of this restaurant. 
Overall, this was place offers well priced meals to satisfy your fast food cravings ($6.5-11 per dish). My only complaint is the meat ratio; our beef ho fun could have used a little more meat and the veal with black pepper sauce was half onion and half meat. The ho fun could have used some vegetables as well. Despite these flaws, I will definitely be back for more meals here! 
PS. Even though the yelp listing says that it is open on Mondays, the last time that we visited on a Monday, it was closed. Check first before coming on a Monday.Purely based on the food, and not the atmosphere and the bathrooms (shudder), its 5 stars hands down. For a place like this, you should really only consider the food when you're reviewing because you are in a basement Chinese supermarket after all. But if you HAVE to go to the bathroom like I did, bring toilet paper. Anyway, the place isn't as dingy and shady looking as people make it out to be, but then again, maybe Tasty Place owners spruced it up a bit when they started getting more customers. 
Going off of the a Yelper's advice, we ordered a plate of the Salt Baked Chicken Wings (the waitress finished saying the order for me, nodding in that way of "Oh yes, dahling, I know") and an item that was off the menu "Dai Pang Chow Mai" (thanks to Paul L!), which was thin stir fried noodles with eggs, squid, shrimp, and bits of barbeque pork. The food came out fairly quickly and both dishes hit the spot. Its going to be hard for me to order anything else next time because these two dishes were so good. The wings were perfectly crispy and just salty enough. I couldn't stop eating them. The Dai Pang Chow Mai was light and flavorful, sweet and tangy. 
The bill came out to $16.50 no tax which is quite alright in my book. Despite this place's cheesy name, they are right on the mark.My last review was 4 years ago when the owners were still different, I still go here to eat the baked chicken wings, it is still good. A couple of you might be wondering why 1 star ? Yeah after losing my patience I would say that this place is very disorganized now, came here with a colleague just now. We waited 15 minutes to place our order we waited 25 minutes for our food. To top that off when we saw our beef szechuan order there were only a couple of beef tips, so basically we paid for the green peppers and onions. After paying, the server literally asked "Where's the tip" unbelievable, with the crappy service you provided you still have the guts to ask that ? Since my colleague and I are not that bad of a person we still left the 20% tip.I Love this place! Diamond in the rough   .. cHeap and delicious food.
One of my fave place to eat ;) i have been coming here sine I was like 10 years Old .....Love itmy family has been in love with their chicken w/ eggplant in garlic sauce since i was a child - this dish alone merits 5 stars. and thanks to my workplace, i've recently grown fond of their curry chicken & potato, pan fried dumplings, filet fish w/ tofu, and the rest of their totally cheap, totally tasty menu.
can't say much about their dining-in service as i've only eaten in a small handful of times back in high school, but their take-out service is great. my favorite hole-in-the-wall place in philly!Bathroom was clean, the food was average.  Soup was fine, had duck, wanton & noodle soup. Our mains were flounder in garlic sauce with eggplant - it was fine, and noodles with shrimp & pork - it was fine.  Total bill w/tax $21.60 the restaurant is in the basement of a food store, clean but no atmosphere, in fact is was almost bare minimum.  Warm during the summer,I don't understand the 2 bells awarded to this place. Good service.Tried this place for the first time. Located on the side of the Chinese market, it was quick and cheap and very tasty. Rough around the edges, but overall a great mealThis place is really good.  Go for the food.  Go for the atmosphere.  Go for the dried fish smell emanating from the seemingly dodgy underground Chinese supermarket that Tasty Place resides in.  From someone who has traveled around China for work and pleasure, this had a very authentic feel and the food was great while the price was more than reasonable.What can I say that hasn't already been said? This Tasty Place is indeed tasty. After many times perusing the menu when in the Asia Supermarket finally decided to try it. It was Father's Day & had some friends in from Australia. Wanted dim sum @ Joy Tsin Lau(next door) but line was too long. Went downstairs to market to buy Chinese soap and remembered there was a restaurant there.
Sat down & immediately were bought a pot of tea & Styrofoam cups.Following Craig La Ban's advice we ordered Fish w/ chinese okra(a veg I never heard of before, but was delicious; actually is a loofa!) Seafood Fried rice, Sate Beef Ho Fun, and whilst deciding what soup our waitress suggested Seafood & Tofu soup.  We ordered that & she said "that's enough" which gave us a chuckle. Food came out amazingly fast; soup in like 5 minutes and entrees 5 minutes later. Soup was amazing in its deliciousness & simplicity.  I ate 3 bowls and we still couldn't finish it. Fish (flounder) was breaded and fried and went well with the chinese okra & delicate sauce. Fried rice was basic, but had that great flavor & texture you want. The Sate beef ho fun was great as well, got it dry as opposed to sauced and my only complaint was lack of heat(none at all) when it was noted as hot on the menu.Noodles were great consistency & the beef was tender.
Service was good. Received wrong dish, squid instead of fish w/ okra and waitress corrected it after saying some unkind words in Chinese to other one who took the order.
This is basic Cantonese fair, done extremely well, with a few Szechuan dishes. Tried the Chicken w/eggplant in Garlic sauce on a return visit which was incredible! If they do use msg, I don't think it's much because I am sensitive to it, but did not get a bad reaction.
Do not let the surroundings fool you; the food is delicious, fast, abundant, and the prices are cheap. Three of us ate for under $30 and I took home enough for another meal. I plan on frequenting this place and trying the salt- baked chicken wings next. Tax is included in price. Cash only.