With the owners changing hands they have renovated the interior giving it a more modern look but they have kept all staff so the food is still as good as ever as well as the service.Ehhhhh this place has fallen off for me. The food looked questionable last time I ordered. Is this duck? Looks like a bone biscuitThis is by far our very favorite chinese resturant by far. The food is excellent, the staff is friendly, and the service is quick and efficent. DO not waste your time or money going to China town with no parking and over priced food. No need to dine(graze) at the local buffets with the prices at Taste King you can create your own freshly made buffett.I came here after a coworker told me about this place. He spoke how "good" the food was , quality of food, & large portions. I'm so disappointed & cannot wait to get back to work & air his butt out!!
I came in time for lunch special ordered pork lo mein & shrimp fried rice ($2.50 extra for cheap frozen shrimp) so my total was $8.50. For the portion I got it was worth $5 at best. They don't give you enough food for the money nor does it taste as good as these people who keep giving this place great reviews. 
The pros was they do give you ice cream at the end of your meal which was nice I didn't eat it though so I can't tell you how it tasteSo we decided to go out for a Christmas dinner with friends to Taste King, we made reservation a month in advance and when we arrived the scene was a complete chaos in the restaurant, the place was overbooked and the line was out of the door to get in. The owner of the restaurant was running around like a chicken without it's head. We kindly mentioned that we had a reservation, he nodded and disappeared for 15 minutes, then came back and again asked if we have a reservation, we repeated that yes we have a reservation and again he disappeared for another 10 minutes, this repeated for few more times and eventually we were seated (this set the tone for the rest of the evening). The waiter gave us menus an disappeared for 30 min, as we were ready to pace an order we tried to flag down some of the passing by waiter without any success, eventually our waiter returned took order disappeared again for another 30 min. After waiting for 1/2 an hour we grew tired of waiting and got up and walked over to locate our waiter, the place was extremely crowed and loud, we flagged down our waiter and he promised to come and take drinks order, he returned with 2 more waiters that finally brought out water and tea. Our appetizers still haven't showed up yet, after waiting for an hour and 30 minutes we again inquired of where about of our ordered items and got a silent nod. After another 10 minutes some of our appetizers started to show up, however some of them we not fully cooked (like shrimp was still frozen) we requested our waiter to take it back to fully cook. At some point I need to use men's room, when I walked in to the restroom I noticed that one of the urinals is continually running with water and overflowing on to the floor which was at this point covered with 5 inches of water, on the way back I let one of the staff know of the flooding issue, and the restroom has been shut down. The place must have had at least 100 customers with no operating men's room (small details I know). When I returned our food slowly started showing up (this was after 2 hours of placing an order). The empty plates that they brought out were not fully cleaned and had traces of the food from previous customers. When the time came to get a check, it was a similar story, the waiters play hide and seek good luck trying to find anyone to help you. This is very unfortunate that the service was so terrible that day, we used to love coming to this place and this particular visit really turned us off towards Taste King, we will not be returning any time soon.Let me preface this entire post by saying the food itself is exceptional.  I have 0 complaints about the food served as it's one of the better restaurants in the area. This is the only reason I've tried reordering from them again.
The delivery service however is absolutely horrendous. 
I have had multiple incidences occur where my food was not delivered until 2 hours after the order was originally placed. The delivery person was extremely apologetic when they finally did deliver my food, but this does not make up for such poor service unfortunately. 
I tried to order from them again last night at 6:30 PM  and my order has still not arrived. This of course was after being told multiple times by the person who answered the phone, that the delivery person was indeed on their way to my home. 
This is just utterly ridiculous in my opinion.A-Maz-Ing! Seriously! I went to Taste King with my fiance after our dance lesson (at Top Hat Dance Studio right next door). And the reviews were spot on. The food was delicious. And the portions were HUGE, especially for the price. I had the Grandpa's Chicken Combo which came with soup, fried rice and an egg roll. My fiance had beef and broccoli. Both were delicious. We do not live near Taste King; but I will definitely make the trip back. It is worth the trip!New decor and food is really good again. Nice sit down restaurant.Now I am not a huge Chinese food fan, but this is the best in the area as far as I'm concerned.  One thing Phily definitely has on LA is the chinese food. This place is decently priced, good service, nice atmosphere, and the food is actually really tasty.
Usually I come here with the family, or we order take out and get a bunch of stuff and share it - family style. I like the mongolian beef and the general tso's chicken, but honestly I haven't tasted something here that I didn't like. My wife is a big seafood fan and I've tried plenty of their seafood dishes and they've all been delicious. 
It can get quite noisy in here. I remember getting a call here once and at that point I realized just how loud it is. Which is surprising for a Chinese restaurant.
Writing this review is actually making me crave some chinese food right now! Definitely coming back.Wow is all I can say.
You know something is wrong when the General Tsos is the color of fresh blood- bright red. Chicken was flavorless and very fatty- had to spit out certain pieces. Fried rice was dry and flavorless. Was supposed to get an egg roll and turned out to be a shrimp roll- what if I had allergies to shrimp?!?!?
Wonton soup was flavorless and I don't think I saw one intact wonton in the entire pint- all were broken and slimy tasting.
Not sure if this is because I did take out but I swear it is not the same place as stated in the other reviews.
I have eaten in about 15 Chinese takeouts in the city and by far this is the worst- sorry NE PHilly residents but the search for good americanized takeout in still on!I'm originally from North Jersey and recently moved to the area. I've been looking for a good chinese restaurant that offers great General Tso chicken, so I decided to try this place out. I was disappointed to see that the General Tso chicken was actually boneless nugget-like chicken dipped in some red sauce. The meal was overpriced at almost $13. Although I have not tried other meals on their menu, I will most likely not be coming back. I have yet to find a place that offers great General Tso just like back in Jersey.Best Chinese in the area by far! When we moved to Bustleton, we tried 3 other Chinese places before this one. Once we had Taste King, we found our place. My wife and I have been coming here for months and have never had a bad meal here. The food is excellent, and they use WHITE MEAT CHICKEN! A lot of Chinese places use fatty thighs in their General Tso's and other fried chicken dishes. The meat they use here is great quality and never fatty. I have not had any gross pieces of pork, beef, or chicken here.  The Grandpa's Chicken is similar to the General's but better, a little less sweet and more spicy. Garlic sauce is very good as well. The best thing here is the Sesame Beef. It is nice and crispy, the meat is not fatty, and the sauce is great. Also, the fried rice here is very flavorful and really a cut above anything else in the area.  They deliver, but if you eat in, they give you ice cream as a dessert.Deilvery is fast but the food is way too greasy and the general tso's chicken is in a different kind of sweet sauce unlike any that I'm used to when ordering general tso's chicken and I really hated it. Which sucks because the meat was actually white and looked really good.I have been coming here for around 30 years so I hesitated to write tis review. This place used to deliver quality food but now has been reduced to no more than a cheap, not the price, in the hood type of Chinese food. The chicken and the meat sticks were chewy and flavorless and the egg rolls were greasy and not the same quality they have been selling for years. I always would recommend this place to people but I don't think I'll be doing that any longer. Get your quality back Taste King until then you lost this customer.Friendly staff. Seafood rolls were too fried, very bland. Beef and broccoli was ok. Sweet and sour chicken was bland and had no taste. Unfortunately I'm not coming back. Place looked cleaned though.Wish I could give 0 stars. Rude service. And should be called "Tasteless King"... I shouldn't have to put iodized salt in my entree ftwHad a date night here last Tuesday. There was ONE other table seated. Service was on point. My meal was decent. Some shrimp and cashew dish. My date ordered sesame chicken... It was burned, and shoe leather quality. Had that been my meal, I would've sent it back. He was trying to be polite I guess. Good thing the company was good!We love this place! It is just really good Chinese Takeout! We often do delivery and it arrives fast and fresh. It is always pipping HOT. The owner is awesome. He is really nice and attentive. It's hard to find a good Chinese place and this is GREAT one!So far this is the best Chinese place I've tried in this area. I ordered for pick up around 4pm. Take out does not include utensils so be sure to ask! 
Wonton soup - I generally do not love wonton soup due to a distinct flavor. However, I found this one to be very good! The broth is light and not over-salted. It comes with 4 huge meat dumplings and a generous portion of scallions which I personally love because it adds a nice dimension. Most other places only drop few pieces of scallion. The dumplings, though soft, did not feel overcooked on this particular occasion. 4/5 - I can see myself repurchasing this again. 
Beef lo mein - This was quite tastey. I ordered a large and it's a very big portion. Came with a good portion of beef. At first the beef had an odd hint of flavor to it, I can't quite pin point it but it might have been baking soda during the tenderizing process. The beef tasted good and was very tender. It also came with some veg like mushrooms, shredded carrot, and water chestnuts. The lo mein was a bit on the oily side. You could see how slick it was, but it didn't taste like oil. I don't enjoy dry lo mein so this was good for me, but if you don't like slick oily noodles I do not recommend this dish. 5/5 - definitely will repurchase, one of the best lo meins I've had. 
Wonton strips - These are fresh and made by the house. Not the tiny ones from a bag. Also comes with duck sauce. Yum! 5/5 
Overall 4/5 - I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food here and will return. As others have mentioned, it's definitely one of the better Chinese places in the area. I hope the rest of their dishes are this quality as well.Horrible, if you want good food go to kin wah garden or China king , taste king is grossIm a regular here. Food is delicious, love the cognac shrimp, scallop on a half shell, and grandpa shrimp and scallop. Service is friendly. You can't go wrong here! :) don't want to write too much, the food is here!!!!!Overall, not a very good experience.  Maybe because we went on Christmas Eve afternoon but I don't think I would ever go back.
A high school buddy who now lives in Seattle was visiting his parents for a couple days and called last minute to see if we could meet for a late lunch/early dinner.  He suggested Taste King as it was about halfway between both our homes.  We met at 3:30, I had called ahead to see if reservations were needed and was told not necessary.  When we arrived there was only one other party in the place but they still tried to seat us in a tiny booth.  We asked for a table and they took us to a table that was not much bigger than the booth.  When I asked if we could be seated somewhere else they refused saying that they were expecting several large groups that evening.  So we sat at the small table.  My friends wife had her arm in a sling and it just made it uncomfortable for four of us to be at such a small table.
The food was delicious, no disputing that.  However I felt like the portions were awfully small and overall everything was expensive.  For example, we ordered the Cognac Shrimp.  It was a very good dish but there were only six medium sized shrimp on the platter.  I could have very easily eaten that dish by myself.  The same was true for everything else we ordered.
Another thing that really annoyed me was the moving around of the furniture while we were eating.  They had four guys constantly moving booths, table and chairs the entire time we were eating apparently setting up for the Christmas Eve crowd.  They would set them up and then decide something wasn't right and move things around again.  It was like being on Candid Camera.  I kept waiting for someone to come out and tell us we were part of a set-up, a prank.
Under any other circumstance I would have given this meal a one star but I tried to give them the understanding that it was Christmas Eve and they had a lot to deal with.  It still doesn't change the fact that I'll never eat here again.Happy to report this is a restaurant that never disappoints.  Fast, friendly service and all the dishes are off the hook good....  Whether you are dining alone or with a large group, you're always warmly greeted.  Taste King is an asset to Somerton but, most inportantly it's an asset to your belly!!   Planning on returning again..I forgot to mention that this place is BYO! Very friendly waiters & owners! :)This is my boyfriend's family's preferred Chinese food place. We hike all the way up here from center city to eat food that honestly isn't much different than any other run of the mill Chinese food place. The exception lies in the great customer service the owner Lee provides our group consistently which is why they don't mind the 35 minute schlep. Also worth noting is the fresh fish selection which is served whole and makes my BF's grandpa the happiest man around. I can't say I've ever seen whole flounder or red snapper served at a chinese food joint before but Taste King does and they seem to do it quite well.I've been going here for probably over a decade with the exception of the past few years. Decided to come here for lunch and it was just all around bad. The waiter made me uncomfortable and was almost never around considering I was one of the two tables in the whole restaurant. Just a big disappointmentBest Chinese in NE Phily. Food is awesome here, especially cognac shrimp and crispy shrimps with string beans! Friendly staff, and they know their regular customers. Love this place!!!Seems to be always inconsistent, this recent order was the worst yet. We ordered house lo mein, spicy grandpa chicken combination and wonton soup. We never got any duck sauce, which always comes with the complimentary noodles. Also my lo mein was not the house special, it was vegetable lo mein with two pieces of shrimp in it. We used to order from here all the time but I guess we need to find somewhere else.BEWARE! Sesame chicken covered in a sweet blood red jelly. Isn't this supposed to be brown & not sugary? Lomein was flavorless. The $8.95 boneless spare rib came as a burnt $0.50 piece of pork. Called/complained-they didn't understand. Fortune cookies were damp/flavorless. No exaggeration-worst yet!I always order take out from here. I'm a big fan of their fried rice. Always fresh, they NEVER skimp on the shrimp like many of the other places - and they deliver quickly. I've tried other places in the area and this place is by far my favorite.This place is amazing, evuIerything on the menu is delicious.  The baked scallops on the half shell and the congnac shrimp are to die for! For desert try their candied walnuts (usually comes with the icecream) you won't know how you have ever lived without them!!!Great place. I go weekly and have never been disappointed.   I love everything but lately have been enjoying the barbeque ribs five succulent meaty ribs for 7.50. The shrimp in garlic sauce is excellent and spicy in a good way.  Their wonton soup is always good.  The owners and wait staff are friendly and attentive.  They are a great place for large or  small groups.Clean, fast, and good food. Went there for a last minute thing for dumplings and they tamed my cravings! Not a fancy place of someone I'd recommend for a date but it would probably be great as a delivery food:)Taste king or as my family calls it, patrick's (owners name) is easily the best Chinese food in the northeast. Great waiters and amazing ribs.If you read the review on how this place should be called "tasteless king", it's not a game. Just look for other options.The far Northeast is blessed to have this gem to call its own.
Why you ask? Well, simple - Taste King may follow the same old Chinese restaurant formula that most do: Large portions of flavorful food for low price but the big difference here is that Taste King has been doing so for well over 11 years. It has the details down to a science. The owner understand that his business and livelihood relies heavily on large parties brought in regularly by the large Soviet community local to the area and has learned that service, quality and serving size is vital to those patrons.
Whats this mean to the average Yelp er? 
4.5 Star prices for 4.5 Star Chinese food and service.
So, whats the catch? 
Having to listen to the occasional group of fifty-year olds with horrendous Russian accents try to sing happy-birthday to a nephew or niece as the child shrinks into their seat wishing death not only upon him or herself but upon his or her entire lineage.
So is it worth the auditory torment?
I think so. 
Taste King is the only place i know of in the Northeast my better half and I can split a order of General Tao's Chicken, both have Hot and Sour soup plus get a complimentary plate of ice cream and end paying just over 20$. (tip and all)
Note:
The Restaurants highlights really are its seafood dish like its clams casino & seafood soup. I'd suggest trying both. 
O and if you later decide on booking a large party, keep in mind that this place will do more then just what's on the menu, just ask to speak with someone about it. The Chef has talent.I love this place. Whether I eat in or eat out the food is always consistent. When I do get it delivered it's within a timely matter. Chinese restaurants are a dime a dozen in this city, but in my honest opinion I believe that it's the best place in the Far Northeast. I also think this is necessary when ordering, and not to sound politically incorrect, but they do speak and understand English very well.This is the better Chinese place around. The new owners are nice but the quality isn't the same. Certain recommended dishes are; clams royale, seafood birds nest, chow fun, sesame chicken, crispy shrimp with string beans and their pistachio ice cream. The service is good. Very accommodating and they deal with the worst customers so to me their saints. The also have an appI must admit that when I go outside of NYC for a culinary field trip, I am most of the time left disappointed! But, not at Taste Kings!!! A friend of mine, who lives nearby, has taken me to this establishment twice, and both times I leave boasting about how amazing this place is. The outside/inside décor doesn't do this place justice, and for all those skeptics out there, give it at try and you won't be left disappointed! The staff is very friendly, and prices are very low. If you're in the Philly area, make a stop at this place for dinner and definitely order the following: 
Appetizers: the stuffed clams are amazing, the scallops, and the vegetable egg roll are all delicious. 
Entrée: Chicken with String Beans in a garlic sauce, general Tsao chicken
They give free dessert, and this place is BYOB! 
No wonder this place is always packed, the people of Philly know what's up!Literally some the best Chinese food I have ever had in this city. Definitely up there next to Kens Seafood and David's Mai La Wah. Such a treat to have it in my neighborhood. The lunch special portions could be a bit bigger but you can't beat it for the price and flavor. A monthly if not weekly staple for my husband and I (:Located in the heart of Northeast Philadelphia in the Russian capital of the city.  My family has been coming here for 25 years.   After coming here last night for a birthday party, I realized we have had the same waiter since our first visit.  Even though it changed ownership, the food remains the same and very proprietary. Everything they make tastes different than in your typical Chinese restaurant.  Some of my favorite items on the menu are: hot and sour soup to start, appetizers: pu pu platter which includes stuffed clams (amazing, ive never had anything like it) beef on a stick, shrimp on a stick, and spare ribs. All are very good.  Last night we ordered shrimp in garlic sauce, honey mustard shrimp, grandpa chicken, and a few other items. Everything was delicious, the service is amazing and feels like a "at home" atmosphere.  The best Chinese restaurant in Northeast Philadelphia hands down!Gourmet chinese restaurant. Delicious. Clean. Great service, ambiance, and food. BEST wonton soup and hot and sour soup. Meaty ribs were perfect. Finger licking Mu Shu chicken and pork. Tried many items from the menu and have not been disappointed. Seafood nest is very good for sharing. Great choice for lunch or dinner!This place has the best tasting Chinese food for the the best prices, at least in the Philadelphia area and surrounding areas, as this is all I can speak on with confidence.  Sure you can go to PF Chang's and pay twice as much for twice as smaller portions, but try getting the Honey Walnut Chicken somewhere else and you'll see what's up.  To all those people who enjoy throwing away money in places like Old City for nothing but pretty lights and flat screens on the walls, Taste King is thinking of you too, they recently renovated to make it look like more of what the younger, money-wasting people like, including tv's and fancy walls.  I've been going there for 15 years, never been disappointed once.Every time we order there they mess up the order, we finally called and complained, but they did not care.Seriously people, is THIS what you call Chinese food? I've had a ton of it all over the country, and for what you pay, they sure don't give a lot (not even in quality). So take your money and get a good meals worth elsewhere.I have visited this restaurant on several occasions from birthday, NYE, Father's Day dinners and everything in between.  This place is my family's restaurant of choice when it comes to celebrating special occasions.  This is fine by me because their food is good as well as their service.  They are equipped to handle any sized group and serve your food promptly.
Food: I enjoy their PooPoo Platter and Crab Ragoon appetizers. They make the best egg rolls usually but they were a little off on my last visit.  I also like their Grandpa Chicken and Roast Pork LoMein.
BYOB: This restaurant is BYO, so feel free to bring wine, beer or your liquor of choice.
It's not a matter of "if" I will visit again rather "when" I will visit againChinese food was not good at all. Everything was bland. No flavor. Even white rice didn't taste right. Will not be dining here again.Ordered from here a few days ago since the one I usually go to (but not completely  happy with) was closed, well I'm glad they were! We had shrimp fried rice and fried chicken wings. The rice was excellent, the chicken wings were a little over cooked but nonetheless still good.Delivery was quick and prices were decent. Overall it was very good! This will definitely be my new go to spot for Chinese.Old school eat-in Chinese restaurant. Great food and even better people. Always excellent service.This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants to go to. Everyone there is super friendly and happy. The restaurant is always clean and very well maintained. I love that they have lunch specials until 3:30, all come with your choice of soup and if you order a combination platter, your meal comes with an egg roll. As soon as you get seated, they bring hot tea, Chinese noodles and house duck sauce and hot mustard. And pickled cabbage at dinner time, but you can always ask for it and they will happily bring you some. 
My favorites are the wanton soup, it's not too salty or oily. And I love the peanuts chicken, it's chicken with diced mixed vegetables and peanuts. I always ask for mine extra spicy. I have tried other dishes and they are all just as yummy. They offer a grandpas chicken which is there version of General Tso's chicken. 
I highly recommend trying this place out, you won't be sorry. They also offer take out.You walk into this restaurant and feel like you just "beamed" into Moscow. The food was fair (nothing special) and the service awful. Nothing to write home about. Was only here to have dinner with family who lives in the area.This was our first trip to this restaurant so we didn't know what to expect. The service was excellent and the food was delicious. Very generous portions and reasonably priced. We will definitely be back.outstanding!  
Just went there for lunch .. $5.99 lunch special can't be beat!  Delicious Food, Fast Friendly Service.
Doesn't get any better than this.  I can't wait to come back.
Also this place is very clean and nicely decorated and cool.  It was 100 degrees outside.Food is really delicious. As a vegetarian, I can appreciate the clean, well cooked food. Tried my food extra spicy and was pleasantly surprised and impressed.Still the best, after all these years and the coming and going of the buffets, these people know what they're doing.  I'll come back to what I way say about this place - find me a Chinese restaurant that will sell me walnut chicken with snow white chicken breast?  Other places charge you upwards of $20 selling you thighs and all kinds of nonsense deep friend and coated so you don't notice all their nonsense..not here folks, just like 25 years ago, to now, nothing has changed with the food, which is a good thing.Taste King Restaurant is a generic Chinese restaurant established to satisfy the American palate. The house has been at this location for decades and has changed ownership at least once.  Of late, the neighborhood has taken on a distinct East European flavor, and Taste King certainly caters to it.  The night we were there a birthday party was in full swing with toasts and song in both Russian and English.  
The menu is what you would expect from experience in most other Chinese/American shops, with a few specials designed by the chef that still tend to be variations on the established theme.  Pick a protein and the desired flavor; surround with rice or noodles; add on wonton or hot & sour soup, and those broad fried noodles for dipping in duck sauce and/or hot mustard. Voila! Your platter appears ready to consume.  
We ordered lightly.  Hot & sour soup and chicken corn soup. Grandpa's chicken and a bowl of white rice.  We had just come from great foot massage down the road, and weren't overly hungry.  
The soups were good, but not exceptional.  The hot and sour should have been warmed up more. The taste was about right.  The chicken corn was better. Certainly hot enough, but the surface was covered with tiny bubbles suggesting some chemical process was at work under the surface.  The Grandpa Chicken was made up of large chunks of white meat bird, wokked and covered in a dark red amber glaze sauce that was mildly spicy and enjoyable to eat. Only downside was that the chicken needed cutting before eating, making use of chopsticks problematic.  We found a work around. 
Service was spotty.  Our waiter was attentive at times, and AWOL at others.  He delivered the soup and chicken with style, and then dropped the silverware on the table when he brought us ice cream after we received the check.  Whaaat?
There are more authentic Chinese restaurants a few miles farther down Bustleton, which compare favorably to Taste King. Try them all and decide for yourself which is preferable.Not sure what happened here. The first time we ate here, roughly three years ago, we ordered, among other items, Grandpa Chicken, which was really fabulous. Big chunks of bright red meat with a wonderful and different spice on it. When we returned some months later, it was no where near as good and actually it was clear that the meat wasn't all that fresh, having that slightly spoiled flavor that older chicken can get. Not at all appetizing. We recently dined there for the last time, probably, as the Grandpa Chicken and everything else was pretty bad. To make it worse, some idiot was sitting in the table behind us loudly broadcasting her face chat with her boyfriend (or perhaps parole officer). She was unsympathetic when I told her how annoying it was and none of the restaurant owners took a stance. So bad food, bad vibe, no reason to go back. Not my fault!I ordered off Grubhub and the food was the worst.
-Spareribs which cost $10 came out extremely dry, overcooked, burnt, and had literally NO Meat on the bone. And it came drenched in sauce.  It was the most disgusting excuse for spareribs I've ever seen a restaurant attempt to serve. See picture for how they scammed me out of $10.
-Sesame chicken - extremely dry
-Pork in garlic sauce - hard and extremely dry
The only thing edible were the clams casino and egg drop soup.  I will never order from here again.Always my go to Chinese. We come from bucks county to eat here! Nothing compares to their sesame chicken and beef best I have ever had! Anything I have had there has always been very flavorful and delicious. Service is always fast and friendly. Same servers for over 20 years! Best part is the complementary ice cream and candied walnuts! They have the best Pistachio ice cream in town! Absolutely love coming hereTaste King is conveniently located in a strip mall off of Bustleton Avenue.  The restaurant is a decent size and has plenty of off street parking.  Like many other Chinese restaurants this place is BYOB.  I come here fairly often. This is one of the best Chinese food locations in the NE.  The staff is super friendly and the service is always very good. My family frequents so often that they know us by name and always seat us at our favorite table.  I've never had a bad dish here so feel free to explore their menu.  My favorite dishes are the Crab Rangoon, Chicken and Veggies in Garlic sauce and the Grandpa Chicken (aka General Tso's Chicken)This is by far the best local Chinese place in the far Northeast/Somerton area. They are great for large parties and much more inviting after the smoking ban has made the air-quality breathable. The food is all very good. They are known for their clams casino & seafood soup but serve all of the well known Chinese favorites. They have some of the best hot & sour soup in the city. I recommend the sesame chicken or orange beef which are delightfully crispy when served. Their barbecue beef (beef-on-a-stick) appetizer is great as well. The best part is at the end of the meal you are brought a plate of ice cream (made in house) which is garnished with the fortune cookies as well as candied pecans (also made in house).This is among my favorite restaurants in the Northeast.
The food is tasty, fresh, and portions are typically good.
They will adjust the amount of spicyness to your preference. 
For example I like their string beans but I request them mild.
Delivery is usually very quick.
House special won ton is delicious, as well as beef and broccoli.Since coming here I don't know it seems like the food has been hit or miss or taste. Maybe they have new cooks on some days and the food is so yummy and the next week the food is tasteless, but there have been some changes taste wise. 
The service is always good however and the staff is always friendly, fast and efficient. I came in here for lunch around 3pm and ordered the lunch specials for me and my daughter. We got the lunch special with pork fried rice and lo mein. My daughter complained right off the bat about the wonton having no taste and the soup she usually slurps up was sitting on the table in full form in her bowl. I ordered the lemon chicken lunch special- the wonton did have a funny taste and honestly the broth lacked flavor- it was so bland. Maybe it was an off day because there wasn't any customers in there but the food just sucked. So my daughter enjoyed the lo mein but didn't like the rice which she normally tears up! When it came to the lemon chicken it was chewy and just wasn't good. I didn't want to complain since we go there often so I just didn't eat much and boxed it up for my dogs to eat. When the owner is there- it seems the food tastes better! I want to keep the review at 3 stars because when it's good- it's good- but then when it's bad it's bad. There hasn't been any consistency.This may be my favorite Chinese restaurant! I recently moved and am so glad they deliver to my new address. The grandpa chicken, seafood soup, seafood rolls are great. I gave them 4 stars because I feel like sometimes they don't bring their A game when cooking.  However, 99% of the time it's deliciousHoney walnut chicken is really really good!!! Better than the general Tso which is still good, but honey walnut chicken is bigger chunks and less breading.Not a fan any longer of this restaurant the food isn't just as good as it used to be.
Haven't eaten here in months since the food has gone down hill but decided to give them another try since it has been some time since eating here. Ended up placing an order online and got it delivered. The delivery was long but figured it would since I'm sure everyone is ordering on a Sunday, which didn't bother me. Food came and it was warm, not piping hot like I thought it should be since I live very close to the restaurant... oh well. So I open up my meals,got sesame chicken and it was dry as a bone, no sauce on too, start mixing up the chicken and there's a bit at the bottom underneath... the broccoli was dried out looking too, I literally was turned off from eating it I gave my meal away. My nephew and the sweet and sour chicken which is his favorite and he was complaining about the taste as well. The only thing that was good was the crab Rangoon which had some flavor although they were wet and floppy. The crunchy noodles were also a bust, I remember them having the best crunchy noodles, but they tasted over cooked. I love the staff there but idk the food isn't great anymore and I have to give them 1 star. I won't be ordering from here again... I'll stick to my new favorite Taste Queen bear Krewstown road.I think this is one of the best Chinese restaurants around. 
Food is alway good, delivery is always quick
Staff is friendlyTaste King is a misnomer...nothing kingly about this place. As far as your run of the mill Chinese restaurants go, expect this one to lean more towards the Americanized side, with the typical lunch specials and a few standouts. On the upside, at least it's clean and the service is prompt.
As for the taste of the dishes, while nothing was done badly, nothing in particular was impressive either. The Beef Chow Foon tasted standard albeit a little oily, and 3 of the 4 other things we ordered seemed to have the exact same sauce (Grandpa Chicken, Pork Chop Peking Style, Honey Walnut Chicken.....that last one was especially surprising to me.)  
One dish did stand out; we ordered the Cognac shrimp and it was pretty tasty. They actually wheeled out a cart and cooked this right at the table for you. However, at $17 for only 8 shrimp or so, the price was steep. In fact, at $10-$13 an entrée most of what we ordered was a little expensive given the disappointing portion sizes(when I've been to similar Chinese restaurants in this price range, I usually get 1.5-2x as much food).Very nice neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Good for families and friends. Everything taste so delicious sweet and sour.chicken white rice and egg roll yum yum. If your looking for good chinese look no further . THIS IS THE PLACE!!!
Just come try it and see for yourself...Last minute decision for dinner and it was the perfect choice. We had it delivered and it now ready for this . .  It was hot and I do mean hot like we were eating in the restaurant hot . And second, it came early. We have ordered from here several times and each time it never disappoints.  It is one of the best Chinese in the Northeast.  We try and get something different each time and every time I am not disappointedOne of the downsides of living in the Far NorthEast is how few authentic restaurants there are nearby. We have plenty of fast food and chain eateries, but the nearest place to get good Chinese food is still a 15 min drive away. That's one of the things that's makes Taste King so valuable.
This isn't the typical take out place, but an actual sit down and eat restaurant (of course the do offer take out if that's your thing). The restaurant is very nicely decorated and can comfortably seat a large dinner party, but works just as great for intimate dinners. 
The food we orders was wonderful. You could taste the difference between the freshly prepared meals here, and the Lo Mein you get at other local places. Your meal comes with soup, which was quite filling in itself. 
At the end of the meal, instead of getting a handful of wrapped fortune cookies, we each got an individual cookie that was actually still warm, and a small bowl of ice cream. My friend and I stopped by quite late at night, and they were empty and ready to close, yet we received friendly and very attentive service. The customer service here is what really impressed me and makes me want to recommend the restaurant.I love this place, been eating here since i moved to the neighborhood with my family in 1998!!! waiters and waitstaff are very friendly, prices are reasonable for the yummy food you receive!
Mr.Lee and all the staff are all so very helpful and friendly. This place is a family type atmosphere that makes you feel comfortable. They go out of their way to wait on you and are perfect with big crowds and parties. 
They did renovations to the restaurant recently and the restaurant is even more customer friendly and appealing to the eyes. 
Byob so you can't eat that! Will open the wine bottles for you if needed, and supply ice buckets for your tables. I always have a great time here with my family and friends. You get a lot of food for the money spent. I feel like family there with the staff since I've been frequently coming here for the past 20 years! 
All the dishes are great but I'd suggest the house soup which has different veggies in it and meat- it's a meal within itself! The spring rolls are delicious also and the sesame chicken or chicken and broccoli. The pupu platter is also a winner in my family and we usually get about two each- they come with many appetizers that feed about 4-5 people and cost 19.99 each which is a steal!I absolutely LOVE Taste King. Have been going there for at least 15+ years. The food is always same (meaning the recopies are never change).
 Always same friendly staff. You can choose to eat in to take out. No matter which dish you choose from the menu, it always taste great. Good place to also bring company. It is a BYOBWe requested delivery within 45 minutes of placing our order
I called an hour later and was told the driver should be there in a few minutes.  I called 15 minutes later and was told the driver just left. I called again 15 minutes later and was told by a woman that she didn't know why the guy told us that. She then personally delivered our order with a sincere apology. 
Now to our order. I ordered a large wonton soup, but received a small one. I ordered pork fried rice with the Grand-Pa Chicken, but received white rice.  This whole experience was a total mess. We'll never order from them again.My family has been going to Patrick's ever since they opened. You are always greeted with friendly and knowledgeable staff, who after a while will know exactly what you want before you even order. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone. Patrick and Sonny are amazing and they treat their customers like family.Maybe it's me, but this was not good.  I ordered the Szechuan Shrimp, it was red.  I mean literally red.  Aside from that, there was loads of sauce with shredded carrots, I think and three shrimp.  The shrimp were mushy, yuck.  The ribs were fine, but stick to the appetizers if you're starved, otherwise, go elsewhere.