Amazing food. Friendly staff. Great for eat in, takeout, or delivery. Easily our favorite breakfast place in the Northeast.I've been to Tate's on several occasions. Usually Sat/Sun mornings to aid in hangover recovery. USUALLY the food is pretty good. I generally order some type of meaty omelette and a side of toast/bagel.
During my last trip, a friend asked to please have banana chocolate chip pancakes. A both banana and chocolate chip were both on the menu, so it seemed like it wouldn't have been a difficult request. However, what he received was a pancake with non melted chips and an uncooked center. My bagel had also been forgotten this go round. So of my 5 or so trips there, only one was unpleasant. But I'd say a majority of the time, the food is good. 
On a separate not, the servers are rather pleasant and accommodating. We didn't have to pay for the food that came out that was not up to par, as expected.Was good food! They need to find a good cook. Prices went up-quality went down. Waitress look like they just rolled out of bed. And frankly don't give a dam about what they serve to customers. Wake up and smell the coffee .....Used to be our go-to, but unfortunately it's since changed. Seems the place is lacking its family like environment, instead a bunch of rowdy and rude people. Let's visit on how terrible the food is and undercooked it was. Canned spinach slopped into an omelet (barely cooked eggs) and almost positive the spinach was old. We were absolutely disgusted and unsatisfied. Time to change things up and improve!This is your neighborhood greasy spoon......I enjoy their breakfasts......I enjoy the feta and spinach omelet and the sausage and cheese omelet. ...service is good ........you can sit at the counter or table............nice little neighborhood spot.My favorite greasy spoon in the city. The breakfast selection is delicious and cheap, they also have the best homefries in the city
 Never had anything on the lunch menu thoughTate's Good Food Restaurant, has very good food. 
We found their location on yelp and decided to have breakfast there, before a family visit on that side of the river.
We both enjoyed our breakfast very much, and the service was great. We will definitely be back again.sometimes i giveth and sometimes i taketh away. we were IN LOVE with this place and spent a ton of our hard earned cash in here over the past year. the last 4-5 times have been bad. 
the sweet lady with the short black hair who was aggressive with the coffee refills and called us sweetheart in the kindest of ways, has been MIA.
 there is definitely different kitchen staff. food is taking fooooorrrrrrreeeeeevvvvveeeerrrrrrrr to get to the table. its breakfast! it never took more than 5 mins in the past. now we sit and wait and wait some more. once we had my son and one of the Boo's kids. the 3 of us got our food, while the little one had to wait 10 mins longer. 
Tates used to be on the cheap, now it costs the same as their bigger competitors. i dont mind paying. the Boo and i always go out of our way to support the lil guy. it sucks when the lil guy gets annoying and undeserving.
the kicker for us? the same time we had the kids with us, our server was nodding out sitting at the counter. we had to nudge her to awake her from her stupor to get our check, after we sat and watched her falling in to what seemed to be a drug induced meditation. but i cant be positive. its just the impression the adults at the table had gotten.
we gave it one more shot. we like breakfast after a night of good times. it helps with the recovery process. its just not the same. the magic is gone. the sweet lady that made the place feel like "cheers"? maybe it was her? that feeling when you walk in the door and someone is actually thrilled to see you? that is the biggest piece missing. i can over look anything with great service. the warm n fuzzies are no longer on the menu. boooooooooooClosedTate's is hands down one of our 2 favorite delivery restaurants in the NE Philly Holmesburg area. They have delicious and reasonably-priced food, lightening quick prep/delivery, great attention to detail and their customer service is unparalleled. I would happily wear a Tate's t-shirt riding a Tate's tricycle to Tatetown.Good and service was great but there were flies hovering above and that really killed the experience for me :( hope they take care of it bc it seems like a great place in the neighborhood!Friend  treated me for breakfast a few weeks ago. I'd always pass by this place and want to try it! So glad I did. Staff was friendly, food was cooked quickly and was delicious. Massive slices of rye bread! I am hoping that they are not closed for good, as I'd like to try their other menu items!Definitely do not order delivery from this place. I ordered my food at noon and it is 1:45 and it is still not here. I called at 1:00 and they said it was on the way. I am very disappointed because I enjoyed the food on other occasions.Good service, great food, excellent prices. I can not say anything negative. The pork roll and cheese omelet is so good. Good vibe!Yes the staff is super friendly but I was not a fan of their eggs. I felt like my omelet had a weird taste. I didn't like the onions they used for my omelet either. The home fries were really good tho. Wouldn't be my first choice for breakfastOne of the things I miss about the Northeast - Tate's.  Just a small place to have breakfast/brunch and munch and chat with friends.  And I have, many a time and it can get crowed, especially after church on a Sunday.  Big picture windows in the front filter in the sunlight and make this a sweet and cozy spot.  The hours are limited, though, so they don't serve dinner.
Typical diner fare, good selection, etc.  but I have never had anything bad there.  Staff is personable and will make things to order - fast & clean and  good.  Five stars easily.The ONLY reason this place is getting TWO stars instead of one is because OUR waitress was wonderful. She was so polite, nothing was an issue, and she makes a good plea to come to this place. 
First of all, its very quaint and cute. You almost find it charming if it wasn't so crowded and dirty. When I say crowded I don't mind a large amount of customers but a LOT of tables practically on top of each other. 
There was a teenager standing behind the counter when we walked in. He stared at us and didn't welcome us, didn't tell us to sit where we want, nothing. Just.. stared... creepily. A little put off we tried sitting as fast as possible. The table we picked was not very clean and no one came by to clean it. There were three of us and two menus that looked like someone quickly typed it up and threw it in some sleeves. None of the staff wore any sort of uniform so it was hard to tell who worked there and who ate there. 
Our waitress saved the day with her pleasant attitude and if it wasn't for her we would have left. The menu has a pretty small selection for lunch but a HUGE breakfast menu. There were two appetizers to pick from: mozzarella sticks or chicken fingers. We picked the later. As we waited, a woman with short dark hair who as working behind the counter, answered her personal cellphone very loudly and carried on a very loud discussion for 15 mins. We know more about her now then we ever wanted to. 
The chicken fingers were nice and hot and very good. I really liked them as did everyone else at the table. Our food however was a different story. First my one friend's meal, chili, came out cold. We had to send it back. Then my food, a grilled cheese, came out cold enough for me to lift the top half of the sandwich to see processed sliced cheese sitting there. I asked it to be warmed and it came back warmer but the cheese remained the same. There was no question about what kind of bread we wanted with our sandwiches, no question of what kind of cheese we wanted. But I overlooked those things because I figured the price was worth it. My taste buds disagree. 
I was shocked when I received the bill and saw my friend who ordered the chili was charged for the roll and butter. The price per person was not worth what we received. Furthermore as we are trying to eat, some of the staff started cleaning putting things away for closing time while we were just getting our food. I found it to be really rude. The loud woman from before finally ended her phone call and only proceeded to SHOUT as she told someone about some girl she didn't like. The person she was speaking to was a foot away. I really don't like knowing strangers' business like this. 
Finally, the nail in the coffin was when I tried to pay to leave. As I'm standing at the counter, one of the staff was talking to two men about some scam artist, and one of these personal acquaintances of hers kept glaring at me as if I was intruding on their conversation. If I didn't have to pay I would have just left right there and then. 
Tate's has such a good reputation. I am very disappointed in two of the staffers for mixing their personal lives with the business. I am disgusted by the sandwiches me and my one friend received. I am put off by the cold chili my other friend received. Between all that and the dirty atmosphere, that they didn't bother cleaning until it was close to closing time, this will be the first and only time I will ever go there again. Good luck to the rest of you.Don't judge a book by it's cover. The gritty appearance almost prevented me from trying this place. Thank goodness we were to hungry to bypass. Usually not a fan of breakfast food, I was happily surprised with some of the best home fries I have ever had. The bacon and cheese omelette was stellar, as well.Tate's is reasonably priced with good food and good service.  Our go to breakfast spot in the northeast.Absolutely amazing. We didn't feel like making breakfast or to go out to a restaurant and tried to order from a local diner that claimed to deliver breakfast (even though we had a bad experience at their place). However, when we tried they said they don't deliver until their deliveryman comes in and he doesn't have a set schedule. In a bind, I looked for a local place that delivers breakfast and found Tate's: boy am I glad! The person on the phone was very nice and polite. We picked out a number of items from their menu we found on-line (beware: on-line menu, the prices are a little off), pancakes, home fries, bacon, scrapple, and chipped beef and a half hour later the person on the phone was at our house with the food telling us if we have any problems to just call and they'll fix it. The food is absolutely delicious, prices are very reasonable, and you get a mountain of home fries. Fair warning. we read they only have hours for breakfast and lunch.While the quantities are huge the flavor is lacking also the home fries taste pre-made and reheated. Won't be backAte there last Saturday Morning. Had some eggs, home fries & scrapple. All were excellent, service was great!  Only one problem, when they give you your toast it doesn't come buttered. By the time you get it, it isn't warm enought to melt the ice cold butter pads. So you end up with cool toast that won't melt the butter.    Other than that I would recommend this small, friendly place!Good food, fast delivery,  breakfast and coffee delivered to me! Scrapple was perfect. So happy :)I like this place a lot. The staff was really friendly. I had the meat omelet which was really good and pumpkin pancakes which was very delicious. Sitting by the front door of the restaurant was a bit drafty since it was a cool day. I should have waited for something to open up near the back since it was very warm there or have brought a jacket. There wasn't much of a wait here unlike lots of places closer to Center City on a Sunday close to noon. Anyway, I'll be stopping by here again.Yummy! Breakfast this morning was great. Noticed they had a spinach & feta omelette on the menu board so I made up my mind as soon as I saw that! The feta was salty and delicious just as I like it and guess what? The spinach wasn't from a frozen package; it was fresh! Great flavor. Side of bacon was good, as was the rye toast and homefries (get them well done.) I asked for water but got a coffee instead so I took that as a sign that I needed coffee! It was a little busy, so just be patient as they clear off a table for you. Friendly staff. Always calling you honey or sweetheart. Thanks to my friend for treating me, add my birthday is tomorrow!We have ordered from Tate's Good Food on more then one occasion and LOVE the food.  It is always delicious and high quality however we were very disappointed in the service yesterday.  We place our at 9:56am and received update that our food should arrive between 10:55-11:05.  We waited an additional 1/2 hour before called the restaurant around 11:30.  When we called they asked for our address and she said that our order was out for delivery and she had like 8 orders to deliver but should be there shortly, bear in mind we live around the corner from the place.  We then waited an additional 45 minutes before called back again and when we called the 2nd time a man answered.  We said we wanted to cancel our order and explained the situation.  He asked if we ordered through grub hub and we told him we did.  He said we would need to call grub hub to cancel.  My husband then asked if our order was still out to be delivered and what would happen if the delivery person arrived before we could cancel and the man proceeded to tell us our order was not out yet.  I cannot believe the restaurant would lie to us.  We were not rude and incredibly patient but very upset that they lied to us.Tate's is a neighborhood greasy spoon spot and a wonderful one at that.  It has a cozy atmosphere, the staff is absolutely lovely and very accommodating and the food is well prepared and delicious.   Don't expect she-she-la-la  breakfast options you will be disappointed, but if you want some well cooked eggs and good home fries, pancakes or waffles -  Tate's can accommodate very well.  We found a good go to breakfast spot and best of all they deliver.Exelant food and service. I have gone there for over 20 years. Joe Tate has gone but the quality remained with the new owner.You could drive by this place probably 50 times and never think to go inside. But that's the beauty of it- someone has to turn you on to this true neighborhood gem.
I've only gone for breakfast so I can't really comment on their lunch items, but they have the best home fries I've ever eaten. They also gladly add delicious fried onions to them for no extra charge. I also really like their breakfast sausage- you can tell it's always super fresh. They also have a really cool rotating specials board. The last special I had was the Pumpkin Pancakes, and they were amazing.
Aside from fantastic food and service, this place is so adorably old fashioned I can't even take it, right down to the adorable pats of butter they serve with their pancakes.
Stop what you're doing right now and go to Tate's. You can thank me later. Just stop at the ATM first because they are a cash only establishment (they'll get their 5th star from me when they start taking credit cards).Food was OK....very plain, no seasonings. Not bad but not great.
 Customer Service is great and delivery is on time but could do better with flavor but thats preferenceGood value. Friendly atmosphere. Creamed chopped beef was delicious and absolutely awesome home fries, I always ask for mine well done and they came well done. This is our new neighborhood, family eatery!Why has it taken me so long to find this lil beauty? Love, love, love it. Even though I live in South Philly, I spend a fair amount of time in my old hood. Stopped in here on a whim and I see no reason to EVER go anywhere else for breakfast in the NE. Adorable, quaint little place. Very feel good kinda vibe. Sweet wait staff. Agressive with the coffee refills. Me likey. But here's where it becomes AMAZING. 2 of us ate breakfast with coffee. The total bill was $10.59!!!!!! Wha? Wha? What??? How can this be? That's insanity. From beginning to end, great experience. I will be going every other sunday morning from now on. We've already started spreading the word to friends who didn't know about the spot. Now I'm thinking this may not be a good idea. Tate's is very cozy, and when everyone finds out about it's awesomeness, I'll have to wait for a table. Me no likey!i dont know y i let some of u yelpers fool me with this its a neighborhood gem crap...people need to get there pilots up...this place is very average but polite serviceQuick, tasty & cheap! I've been going to this little restaurant off & on for at least 15 years, never been disappointed. Usually I am limited to breakfast but I had lunch recently & it was delicious! Who knew you could get a cheesesteak at a diner that would rival the best steak places in any neighborhood.After finally getting a chance to sleep in a bit on a Saturday morning, my wife and I craved some good ol' fashioned diner breakfast and found this little spot in the Holmesburg area. It's a little divey, but the staff is so warm and welcoming you feel like you're a regular, even though it was our first time. 
There is table and counter seating and it was nice to see families and friends enjoying a meal together. If the locals support it, that's always a good sign. In addition to their breakfast menu, which offered a variety of omelettes, fancy pancakes, and the like, they also had some good specials. 
My wife and I ordered breakfast samplers with  which came with a bit of everything (we had french toast instead of pancakes). We both agreed the home fries were the winner with the sausage in close second. I'm a French toast fan but it wasn't quite to my liking but everything else was pretty good. All in all, it was pretty good, but the friendly service will bring us back to try out some other things on the menu.One of the best breakfasts I ever had great staff as well highly recommend this placeAmazing food. Friendly staff. Great for eat in or delivery. Easily our favorite breakfast place in the Northeast.Let me tell you about this place. Tate's Good Food Resturaunt™ is a staple of the Northeast. Easily accessible, cheap and delicious food, stellar customer service. This place has a rich history among the locals, including my family. Regular or not, everyone is welcome and friendly to talk to. I've brought my friends here once and one of them goes, "I never knew a place like this existed. The food is really good and easily a bang for its buck." My other friend goes, "Yeah, I wasted all my money on a useless degree. I probably won't be able to find a job right after college. I'll definitely be coming here more often because I'm a baller on a budget." Coffee is included before 11am, 9am on the weekends. You want to clog your arteries? Ask for some scrapple and they'll throw a nice husky slice onto a side plate with your order. All of the portions here are more than worth the prices you pay. Now, as to the one flaw of this pristine establishment. If you want to buy a soda, you have to pay a tax on it. Now I know what you're thinking, "Hey Alex, that's at every restaurant and store in the city of Philadelphia. Why single it out here?" Well I'll tell you why. I've been coming here since I was a toddler with my parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, uncles, cousins, you name it. And every single time I ordered a ginger ale because sometimes my tummy hurted and I would feel better after drinking it. But now thanks to this sugary-beverages tax I can't enjoy my ginger ale. 74% of the revenue collected has gone to the City's General Fund thus far while the rest goes to pre-k and community schools, which is what the use of this tax was intended for. I just want my ginger ale. Regardless, I absolutely love this place. I give it 5 stars.I have been eating at Tate's for a long time. I have never been disappointed. Recently they started using GrubHub for delivery. You have to purchase 20 dollars or more. But the food comes hot. 
The staff is great. Everyone is very welcoming. I like their rotating specials and holiday features. The price is definitely right for a nice sit down breakfastIs it worth the wait for a seat and food?  You betcha.  Drive by and look at the line of people spilling out the door and that is a good indication that this place is....good.  Sit at the counter to avoid a little bit of wait time and order something with home fries.  They're delish and perfectly seasoned.  If you're in a rush, steer clear of the eggs benedict since they do take a little bit longer to cook.  My bfast partner didn't realize it but we were in no rush.  It's small, old, and in need of a little spring cleaning, but that's what you get with a place thats too busy to do anything else but serve serve serve good food.  Check out the 50+ year old register they still use to ring people up.  It totally adds to the mom n pop ambience.  It's worth 30 min ride to get there!
Oh, just one thing:  stay away from the toothpicks.  The dishwasher dipped his soaking wet "soapy" hand into the top of the toothpick receptacle to take one for himself.  Right in front of us at the counter.  Twice.  Yuck.Food was good, just typical breakfast! My omelette was tomatoes, feta and spinach, the spinach was very soggy and tasted weird so I had to get rid of it. My turkey bacon was good, not as crispy as it should be though. overall, it wasn't a bad experience I would probably go back if I'm in the area.Outstanding neighborhood resturant. Awesome breakfast. Friendly staff. Morning and lunch crowdThis might be the best hidden breakfast spot on the northeast side food is delicious eggs fresh real eggs bacon crispy deliciousness I had a Philly waffle that's a waffle covered with chipped beef excellent coffee was okay it could be better service was alright they take credit cards it might take you a minute though have cash for the easiest out food is really good I'm telling you this is now my go-to breakfast spotTate's is often called a small neighborhood gem. It certainly is small and in the neighborhood but it's no where near a gem. I usually pop in here when I'm hungover and I need food in me and don't care what I eat. The food is nothing special, it's just passable. You probably have a place closer to your house that has the exact same menu. I've worked in a dozen places like this and I can order without looking at the menu.
     Tate's does nothing new or different, which is great for the customers who come in. You can tell that they have eaten the same things their whole lives and aren't looking to change it up now. This is a call you by your first name place. The people that come have been coming for years. They come in to have a coffee and chat with the waitresses who are always friendly and provide great service. Tate's is all they know and all they want to know and that's just fine. 
     It's a little amazing that there is a line out the door. No doubt this is due in part to the fact the place is tiny. But tiny places can surprise you. Not in this case however. Tate's doesn't try too hard. The place isn't exceptionally clean. Many times I've sat at the bar and waited until the waitress wiped away the left over sugar and coffee with a dirty rag.
      As I said the food is basic. Three eggs, toast, side of meat. Nothing crazy. I was surprised to see stuffed french toast on special and even more surprised when I was given the option of apple or peaches. I was not surprised when the food came out. French toast made with white bread. Sliced cream cheese between the bread (that's the stuffed part) and topped with canned peaches still thick with syrup. They do have a cheap breakfast and I've always left full.
     I've eaten at Tate's a dozen times. People I know and neighbors love the place, that's how I found out about it. Honestly there is nothing special about it. I went in there expecting a place like Honey's or Sabrina's but I got just a boring breakfast place. Tate's has probably been serving the same people the same food for years  and they are just fine with it. The price is right, the service is friendly but your neighborhood joint does the same.I have driven past this place for several years and it was only recently that I popped in for breakfast.  I will definitely be coming back to this establishment.  Food was great, service was even better.This is a hole in the wall dinner that I would definitely go to again. 
The food is good and the specials are very well priced. I also loved my waitress she was extremely nice and definitely made sure we were okay. 
The eggs and french toast were amazing and there was enough room to sit and not feel squished. 
The only complaint I have is their coffee. I am huge on coffee and there was not very good. I would definitely recommend for everything else.So happy I finally found a place nearby with real home fries! So many restaurants have opted for the cheap slivered Ihop-style home fries nowadays, but this place has the real sliced potatoes! U have the option to add onions as well. 
I've only ordered delivery so far. Got pancakes, french toast, eggs, home fries, & juice. Everything tasted wonderful, fresh & warm. The food was actually delivered quicker than expected, about 30 minutes. I was only about a mile away, so that could explain the quick delivery. The delivery lady was very nice too!
I plan on eating in here soon and I will update the review.On the way home from Philly, we decided to get brunch here. Food came out quick, service was great and very affordable. Nothing too spectacular but food was good.I went here after reading the reviews on yelp. I was really hoping to find a gem like the reviews said, but sadly it was not.  First the place was dirty. Being clean doesn't mean just wiping a table with a rag. I sat at the counter and was turned off by the condensation dripping from the air condition duct onto the cereal boxes below. The coffee was very weak and the cream looked like it was sitting there for a while. I was hesitant, but I ordered a feta and spinach omelet. It arrived in a timely manner but the two hairs that were on the plate was not what I wanted.  The staff was nice but appeared to be preoccupied with other manners. I would not recommend this place and would say to those that have raved about it to try some other places.Food was good price was a little high for the amount of food that you have got. It's a good place to go if your in a hurry. But the staff was excellent and food was good over all.Easter morning one customer besides me.from time I walked in for tomato omelette took 15 plus minutes. All the food tasted like the grill. No waitresses service( like I was invisible) not even to give me the bill. Very DisappointedNot bad. A basic eatery without the bells and whistles. Great place for a couple eggs with bacon and toast.Great place for breakfast (I've never had lunch or dinner here before). They open at 6am everyday too so you can always count on them being open for early breakfast.Philadelphia is known as a city of neighborhoods with good reason. There are many small enclaves with their own identity and distinct character with residents fiercely proud of where they come from. One of the best aspects of this street by street, hood by hood, awareness, especially from a Yelp perspective, is the presence of wonderful local shops, bars, and restaurants that maintain that sense of community every day of the week.  
Tate's Good Food Restaurant on Torresdale Avenue, in this corner of the city that shares the name, is one such iconic luncheonette that serves both the gastronomic needs of the area, and supports the people with quality breakfasts and lunches and a place to gather and commune together (shoot the sh*t). It is replete with folks who have lived nearby for generations, and frequent this small institution regularly.  Yes. Everyone knows your name. 
With this in mind, I stopped in for breakfast and took in the deep rooted atmosphere of this iconic establishment. I sat on a spinner along the counter, after checking out the tables on the opposite wall. A solo diner, I did not want to take up that much space, and after all, this was what a stool was for. Within seconds, I was called, "Babe," by one of the servers working the counter and floor, and, "Sweetie," by another, as she asked if I wanted coffee.  
She replied when I asked if she was talking to me - "Whatever works, right, Babe?" 
"That's cool. I just didn't want the other guys at the counter to get jealous."  
With that, one of those old dudes looked over at me with a stern gaze, and retorted, "She WAS talking to me, but, I don't mind if you thought it was you." 
Wink
 I knew I was in the heart of Philly. 
The menu was all about breakfast and lunch (they close around 2).  I went with the french toast, a side of corned beef hash and java. It arrived about 10 minutes later on an oval plate, with the hash on a second dish. I moved things around to get everything onto one before doctoring with butter and syrup.  
The meal was filling and satisfying. Six slices well egged and grilled. No real caramelization, but very tasty nonetheless. The hash was excellent. Deep savory flavor, a little crunchy. A great match for the sweeter fry bread.  The Bunn-O-Matic brewed a strong industrial joe which was replenished as often as requested. A small glass of real milk per my wish to avoid the heavier half & half. 
Tate's is another of those classic kitchens from a bygone era that have survived and even flourished.  It is as authentic today as it was in the last century.  It feels dated, but that is one of the two main reasons to come to a joint like this - For the wholesome hearty grub and to experience a living cultural museum.We are breakfast foodies. We love a good bacon or scapple and eggs. Tates is a go to breakfast restaurant we get to now and then again when we are in NE Philly weekend mornings. Its intimate(close) but very home town good. Love this placeTate's has come a long way since my last review. They have since started taking credit cards (for checks $10 or more) and they are also on GrubHub. They will deliver for any order over $20.
This is still my favorite breakfast spot on my area. Everything is always cooked perfectly, every single time. Their breakfast meats are insanely good, and the service is always wonderful. Everyone who works here is a sweetheart, and I always feel like I'm having breakfast in an old friend's kitchen when I come to Tate's.Tate's was good about 15 years ago. Now, the service is absolutely terrible. Very slow, and they don't even give you menus when you sit down. 
The food itself is no better. God forbid you order a fried egg. I guarantee the yoke will come out broken. The home fries Tate's was once famous for are now greasy as hell!
I refuse to eat breakfast there, but I decided to give lunch a try today... Same bad service along with a very dry, very bland cheesesteak. 
I'll never go backNot who they were, miss the old days there, big hot taste good breakfast, no longer a customer,  I am very particular what I eat nowadays .One of my favorite breakfast spots. Nothing fancy, just good food and an always friendly staff.Excellent food. Exterior doesn't do it justice almost drove past it due to the look of the outside. Glad I didn't. Friendly staff! We will be back highly recommendedI love this place but truly don't like the attitude of two of the workers. Like asking a questions is going to kill u. Then the cook never has your food on time and the place is always slow as hell. You would think after waiting so long the food would be correct but they still manage to mess u and have you waiting Smh. Love the food and hate the service!The people at Tates we're very friendly. My only problem was with the food, it was very mediocre and not enjoyable. The worst part was that I saw a bug crawling across the restaurant, if it wasn't for that I would put a higher rating.Tates good food has been serving up great breakfast for over 20 years, and if you ask anyone that comes in on a daily basis, they will tell you that not only is the food delicious and consistent but the servers will go above and beyond to make them happy! Family style, young and old, everyone loves to meet at tates for coffee, breakfast, or lunch, and believe me when I say that the cooks know how to make the best! Home fries are amazing and they always have something new to introduce, like BISCUITS SAUSAGE AND GRAVY, and HOMEMADE CREPES!I have eaten here three times and all three times I have been disappointed there is no way this is a four star breakfast joint. 
Waffles that taste like rubber probably because they're using pancake mix. Who knows what the problem is exactly.
Running around like chickens with your head cut off dishing it out cold food is not Service but not even fast food is this bad.
I suggest Tates takes a survey because they are the worst potatoes in the world I would not even feed my dog.
Double slice bacon so paperthin you can't even taste it pre cooked ice cold. Like really how long does it take to cook up a potato and bacon literally takes me six minutes to cook a potato and some bacon
I guarantee you if Tates up the game they would be busy 24 hrs on the off times like week.
We are real man we want real food. There are thousands of us local begging for some good food. We hate cooking sometimes we love to have a local place that actually has homemade food.
Why should I go to a restaurant and pay to have cold food that was pre-made ahead of time like every restaurant does with bacon except the good restaurants
I mean you could tell that the one lady must be the owner or whoever really cares they always check on you and ask you but who's going to say to somebody space that that was the worst food in the world I would not feed my dog while you got a room for customers and kids.
Take a survey on your bacon,breakfast potatoes and waffles I guarantee you it'll be 90% negative.
And the other 10%will say it could be better.
I hate when restaurant soak potatoes in water ruin the damn potatoes I am German I want some real potatoes sliced fresh to order for me up a fresh potato on the spot cook it up and I guarantee you you'll have a line around the corner.
Or better yet let me come in there cook for you for one hour I'm not even a cook and I guarantee you I'll show you how to cook some potatoes let's do a potato cook off. Take the staff, me, and say one professional chef from the city to show us all up. Find a happy mediumWent down hill FAST! Food isn't what it use to be. Says it's under new management, could that be why?Great place to stop in for a cup of coffee or quick breakfast while on your way in the morning. The staff is knowledgeable and attentive. I look forward to my next visit. Keep up the good work :)We stopped by Tate's yesterday morning for a quick breakfast. It's been a while since we've dined here. We arrived around 8:00 and it was dead! Shocked us to see.
I ordered the veggie omelette and the wife ordered scrambled eggs with bacon. Both of our eggs were fantastic! They were cooked well and all of the ingredients were fresh. The bacon was thin and crispy, a little too crispy for my liking. The home fries while flavored were were cold. They burnt one order of our toast but they replaced it. The service was good and our waitress was very nice.
Tate's is a good place for a reasonable decent breakfast.Neighborhood place that's been there for years. I don't usually eat there. I get delivery for breakfast sometimes, but yesterday went in and sat down. We ordered breakfast but it didn't come out until lunch! Our waitress was nice and it wasn't her fault. One of the waitresses were cracking their back over the breakfast bar. Multiple times. Left disappointed. Probably won't order from there anymore either.There breakfast sandwiches are the truth. Always a large portion and never disappoints. Only thing that sucks is that they tell you 20 minutes and you wind up waiting 40Great customer service but their food was not so good.
I bought a omelette and it had no flavor and was a little too moistHidden gem! Adorable little mom and pop local restaurant small menu but really bold flavors great choice for a Sunday breakfast with the Fam or takeout on a weekday! Super cute and great friendly service. Food is always fresh. Definitely a must!!!!I grew up around this way. And always Drove by hear but never went in for breakfast, until today. But wish I would have years back. 
When I walked in I could only think how small the place is. But alot of seating. Very nice staff. 
The MENU has a huge selection of breakfast. With different specials for everyday. And most specials include the coffee. And when I say the prices are cheap I mean there cheap. Coffee and full breakfast for under $6, can't be beat. Won't find that around. 
I got the eggs, home fries, bacon, toast, coffee. 
Eggs over easy, done just right, bacon done perfect, coffee was good not bad, the toast I thought was alittle to burnt and was not cut. But its okay not going to complain over that. And the homefries are awesome a onion taste to them. Just how i like home fries. 
I will definitely be coming back hear for another good breakfast!! 
The only issue is finding a place to park could be crazy sometimes. Might have to walk a block depending on what time you get there..Love this place. Always solid food and nice  and thoughtful servers. They are always cleaning , the food fresh and hot. They always have great specials   Just had the stuffed French toast with a raspberry drizzle.Oh Tate's....what happened?? This used to be our spot.  You could find us here every weekend on Saturday or Sunday morning but about a year ago we noticed a decline. 
Lately the food is barely edible. Omelets are oozing with grease (why SO much oil?!)  and the bread looks and tastes like it was toasted days ago. My H's sausage was just "off" we couldn't figure out if it went bad and they just cooked it anyway or what. But the smell and taste just weren't right (he wasn't taking any chances and eating it). Bacon is grossly overcooked and burnt (not in a good way) and the plates and silverware are just filthy. I have to say, the home fries are always good, (seasoned perfectly) I will give them that. 
Look out when the weather gets warmer, it's really hard to eat while swatting away the flies and fruit flies. And be careful if you are seated near the bathroom, as if that isn't bad enough (anyone who has gotten stuck at that small side table knows exactly what I'm talking about), last time we saw a furry friend lingering under the baseboard against the wall. Needless to say, we haven't been back since. Such a shame......I wanted to try a new Breakfast place and saw Tate's Good Food Restaurant on DoorDash and decided to give it a try. I was especially thrilled since I ordered this at literally 6:30 AM (I feel like a lot of Breakfast establishments are not open that early).
I ordered the S'mores Muffin, Infused Waffle Sandwich with Turkey Sausage, egg, and Provolone Cheese, and an Iced Coffee with Caramel, Cream, and Sugar.
I was pleasantly surprised that they put the cream and the sugar in my coffee for me which I appreciated! I wasn't a huge fan of the coffee (but probably because I'm so used to Dunkin' Donuts iced coffees lol). The presentation of the S'mores Muffin was phenomenal!!! The waffle sandwich is GINORMOUS and so filling, I saved half of it to eat for Lunch later. It is so delicious and they even provide syrup packets to dip into! 
10/10 highly recommend!!! :)I would give Tate's a zero if I could. I took my son there today. We went in, sat down, ordered and waited 45 minutes, no food. We watched ppl come in, sit down, order, eat and leave. When I told the waitress that I wanted to pay for our drinks so we could go, she said "you can just leave" oh, ok. Costumer service does not seem to exist at Tate's. Can't tell you how the food taste, since we never got any.How do you burn toast?? Homefries burnt(usually impressed with their potatoes) toast burnt..coffee watery...so disappointed...want to know if they would pay to eat burnt food for breakfast too smh get these things right guysI used to eat here alot bcuz my girlfriend literally lived across the street so id just order by phone and walk over but I hadn't been here in over a decade until today. ordered a basic breakfast which consisted of a sausage egg and cheese sandwich on a long roll and an order of home fries with onions. when I arrived I was greeted by a woman who was friendly. there was a short wait but nothing to complain about. I was a little bothered by my home fries being packaged on a paper plate covered by aluminum foil as opppsed to the normal styrofoam container. I just felt it was cheap and tacky. food tasted okay but not great. seems quality has declined since my last visit. 
tates is okay on a whim but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.I've never actually been inside Tate's, I order from them when I'm at my friends house after a long night of hard partying.  That's being said this review is based on the food, phone demenaor and delivery speed and accuracy. 
I'm not sure what the in house menu looks like, but there are things not on the online menu that are delicious!  I've gotten a variety of things, their spinach and feta omlette is delicious with home fries and onions.  I've also had their pigs in a blanket, their corned beef hash is pretty good too.  Their food is definitely on point, never any complaints there.  Even the way they package it it impressive, we all know breakfast food gets cold fairly quickly, but they wrap each item in the appropriate coverings to ensure it stays warm.  Whether it be a styrofoam container or plate with aluminum foil.  it's appreciated.  
When they take your order over the phone they are pretty good at repeating it but unfortunately about half of the time they have a mix up.  Bringing turkey bacon instead of turkey sausage, small things, and I will give them this, they are very good about making it right.  They are pretty quick with delivery also.  Although one time it took unusally long, but they apologized and explained they were short staffed.
All in all, I like Tates, when I'm home I find myself wishing they delivered to Jersey!