$1 Pabst Tallboys.  
Coming from a state that doesn't believe in happy hour (it's against the law here in uptight MA), or in its residents being very happy at all for that matter, the drink special alone did it for me.  Had a great veggie burger too.  Fun place to spend time post crust show at Troc.LOVE YOU MOM! & I love T Moms!!! (Sugar Moms too). You can still smoke upstairs by the bathrooms, 2 pool tables upstairs in the front too! Veg. options.- Taco Tuesdays! Perogie Wednesdays! Cheap drinks! Jukebox is killer on both floors. Can't say a bad thing about the place... hands down a Philly landmark!Cheap beer, pretty girls, good punk-rock jukebox, 50 cent pierogies, pool tables, two floors, bar and table seating. Nuff said.Ecto-Cooler colored walls have bathed my memories of Tattooed Mom in a greenish glow. Its gleam is not unlike that of an aquarium, in my mind. Coincidentally fish-style drinking has happened there over the years. Hmm.
The first floor is punk meets some ole granny's parlour. I kinda covet the light lime Victorian-y seating group, but I'd happily relax on any of those thrift store special sofa seats I could snag. Strange and comfortable. Good for hanging out.
 There are alcoves and nooks and all manner of vintage kitsch surrounding you as you drink and possibly enjoy some 50 cent pierogies on Thurday nights. Even though deep frying pierogies isn't my favorite preparation of those fellas, I can still get down, and I have. 
At the rail, the padded vinyl retro bar stools are like Queen Anne lounge-stools. Most comfortable bar stools in the business, I say. Perched there, I've mentioned to pretty much whoever I'm sitting next to at the time, "What if I came in here like everyday and never talked to a soul and drank and drank while leering creepily at that nudie painting?" Then I act it out for my lucky neighbor, licking my lips lecherously, drinking and staring unblinkingly at the topless broad in the oil painting above the bar. The gag gets some laughs but I'm thinking that it might be more successful if I looked more like Stan Zbornak. Gotta work on that.
Upstairs is covered with graffiti and plastered with posters and band flyers like the hallways of the punk clubs of my yoot. And I like it. Good jukeboxes here, indeed.
Now South Street is my touristy backyard and I do my share of complaining bout the hullabaloo and nonsense that it can attract. Weekend nights especially are when I steer clear. (Yeah that WAS me you saw dead-arm running across South, frantically uttering, "Home, home, get home...") It can be a zoo...but there are still places that we appreciate on the strip, and Tattooed Mom is one of em. 
Not that weeknights don't get busy. Monday through Thursday's food specials draw. So do double happy hours.  5-7PM and then 10-11 PM, all drafts are half off. See, that's what's up.
Another thing, we're always treated really well at Mom's...and WE look like filthy hippies!If it wasn't for these guys I'd never know how to spell tatooed. Good dancing. Dirty. Obviously.Funny story:  Last Tuesday (snow day), my friend and I decided to head to TM's for taco's and some mid-day pool.  As we were excitedly discussing Taco Tuesday, I said, "I hope they're good tacos!" to which my friend replied, "It's hard to mess up a beef taco."  
Flash forward 30 minutes: The upstairs is closed until 8p, no pool (boooo!) and we're eating $1 tacos out of stale taco shells.  Eek.
Anyways, this is a typical dive bar with cheap PBR's and a way hip/metal vibe.  Go to Manny Browns for your Taco Tuesdays.Tattooed Mom is one of the last artist-run artist-lead sanctuaries in Philly.  God bless you, T-Mom.  You look good for your age!
Also worth mentioning that Tattooed Mom actually offers every single item on their menu in vegetarian and vegan form.  Inclusivity at its best.  Go 'head girl!I love this place and I don't care who knows it.
I don't get out and party much anymore. But I wouldn't want to spend Halloween anywhere else. This was one of the places that started my love affair with Philadelphia. It's weird, kind of grimy, decently priced, and full of all kinds of flair. The owner is super sweet and likes to hang around and talk, especially on Sundays (when they have arts and crafts for free - yay!) The staff is cool and laid back, as is most of the clientele. While certainly a hipster/geek/whatever spot, you don't walk in to a bunch of judgmental assholes staring your down for your lack of flannel and neon sunglasses. I love the wacky retro furniture, the green walls downstairs, the bumper cars, the graffiti upstairs - all of it. It is relaxed and authentic and cool without trying to be. Love Love Love T-Moms.Love Tattooed Mom! 
It's not a place you want to go to impress someone on a first date or for romance, but the food and beer are great. The staff is always friendly. I loving coming for the vegan tacos on Tuesdays and vegan burgers on Wednesdays. The happy hour specials are great and it's a great place to go to with friends.Mom's is the bomb!
Been coming here since they opened and have never been disappointed. Great food. Awesome beer selection. Fantastic bar and wait staff. 
Decor is eclectic alt-pop-culture iconic. Crowd is local, punk, artist, et al...
Sunday brunch comes with craft table and is uber kid friendly (wether 8, 28, or 58)!You have to be a certain kind of person to frequent a place like Tatooed Mom. It's not for everyone. But even if you're not that kind of person, they're pretty welcoming. I'm not that kind of person.
Well, in all fairness, it was the pre-event for the beard and mustache world championships. They had dudes with all kinds of beards and mustaches in the joint. I'm talking big long beards. I'm talking well groomed mustaches that extend well beyond their cheekbones. I'm talking overalls, suspenders, and PBR.
It's the dive bar that dive bar lovers call perfect. Clean enough not to gross you out, grungy enough to make you feel like you have hair on your chest, lots of it.
I enjoyed my time there, but certainly barely fit in with my weekend warrior white color goatee. It wasn't my crowd. They were the show to me, the regulars, the bearded men, and the big mustaches. But truth be told, I was the odd ball, not like them, and probably the real show. They probably gazed my way and thought, "who's uptight dude hugging the wall with his brand named clothes." Yup, I'm that guy.I didn't have any food, but the drinks were priced right.  They definitely have the too cool for school punk rock thing going on.  I enjoyed the little plastic toys they had at the bar and on the tables, good for entertaining one's self if you find yourself alone for awhile...Met up here with friends - great place to lounge around on a night out and cool atmosphere w/ the walls covered in graffiti. Beer specials are great and last late into the night too.I enjoy coming here with friends for Taco Tuesdays, Burger Wednesdays and Pierogie Thursdays. Cheap, good food and even better if you can make it during happy hour. The service is usually good and enjoyable. If you stop in you have to get the tots. Mmm.This place is definitely trying to be interesting with all of its decor choices, but I think it works. I don't love the bumper car seating - uncomfortable - but props for effort. The customer service is Philly-style (not friendly, not rude, helpful if you need it, will engage if you make an effort and they have the time). Their $4 burgers on Wednesdays are a pretty good deal - filling if you're not too hungry, but no side and they're not massive.I love this bar, I really truly do. BUT I only love it during the day or weekday nights...that's it. Any other time it is impossibly crowded with hipsters (look at my pictures- clearly not a hipster) and I never feel like I fit in. I love the space both upstairs and down. I want to ask Rob the owner if I can buy one of the bar stools...gold glittered amazingness. 
The absolute most amazing reason I love this place (other than tater tots- that's a gimme) are their craft days on Sundays. A mimosa and some glitter glue never went so well together. I was told that one of my many pieces of quality artwork would be posted (once the children left the bar...that's a sentence) since the owner loved it so much. Who knew writing "Merry Fucking Christmas" in nice script with silver glitter glue on blue construction paper was art? Oh that's right- Tattooed Mom's did.I've been putting off writing a review for Tattooed Mom's because I want to be able to give an accurate description while also conveying my love for it. So now I will try:
Atmosphere: Tattoed Mom's is a niche bar with generally very specific clientele. With a tasteful painting of a woman exposing her breasts above the mirror in the bar, paintings of demons, goblins and ghouls thrown on the walls, lolipops and toy plastic rings and spinners on the bar, and old victorian furniture and race cars as seating (yes, decommissioned race cars), this place is what I would imagine it's like to be on LSD...but in the best way! Every time you come there will be a new piece of art to explore and little details you missed the for 10 times you came here, and this makes it feel novel yet familiar at the same time. I love this place for many reasons and the atmosphere is absolutely one of them. It's warm and inviting in that scary dark part of your brain type of way. Like you're afraid but with familiar fear that hides in your nightmares. 
The Clientele: This is not the type of place one would normally venture into after work- if that person happens to work in an office. That's not to say you can't, because lord knows I have, but expect the weird looks. If the above description didn't give way to the types of folks that frequent this place then I don't know what to say. They are quirky, they are odd, they are you high school best friends, they are those kids who hung out under the bleachers and smoked and listed to Pink Floyd while squares like me studied. Now, that isn't to say you HAVE to be that type to eat there. I was a square who studied, was a very good student, and wears suits to work and I love this place. It's more of an "FYI" than anything. I love the people that go there and am secretly one of them, I just also happen to be a bit too lame to commit to the whole lifestyle. 
The drinks: Beer and liquor. I don't know about wine (it's really not the type of place you order wine). I usually just stick with beer
The events: So I am told that they have arts and craft days on Sunday where you and your friends and kids (yes, this place IS kid-friendly esp. during the day). They also have a monthly comedy show called "Tattoed Momedy" that I'd like to see one day. I think it's on a Tuesday. Other events throughout the week/month as well.
and finally....the food: This place is an absolute dream for me because, while I'm not a vegan, I love vegan foods. They have vegan pierogies with vegan sour cream (!!!), a blackened chick'n veggie burger with vegan cheese (!!!) and so many more options. I mean it's like vegan late night drunk bar food! Who could ask for anything better? I've also had their wings which were phenomenal (very spicy in my opinion). I am so excited to try all of the things on their menu. Be forewarned that their food is served on paper plates with plastic forks and knives, so if you're looking for fancier then this is not the place for you. 
Overall, it's one of my favorite places in the city because it's solid, reliable, convenient, and I feel right at home. There is no pressure to order food, nobody bothers you if you're sitting alone at the bar (as I have been known to do), and the staff are the perfect mix of attentive and non-attentive in that they will generally only acknowledge you if you do so first. Check it out!Very cool and hip place with lots of space - especially when they open up for the upstairs floor. The employees are extraordinarily friendly and helpful, but the service can sometimes be a little slow, because it seems like they are undermanned.
They have about 6-7 different and interesting beers on tap - all domestic I think - at reasonable prices. The Dark Horse Coffee Bock was extremely interesting and definitely worth trying. All their drafts are half off during their happy hours, 5-7 AND 10-11 pm.
Tried the Honey Sriracha Wings and they are some of the best wings I've ever had. Sweet, hot and not as greasy as wings tend to be.The food here is great! We came in on a Wednesday Burger special night, ordering a monthly burger special and a Mom's burger. Both were perfectly cooked and very tasty. We also could not resist the fries and tater tots! We came out of there very satisfied and maybe a little overly full. The atmosphere/decor is definitely not boring. We would definitely come back again to try some of the other tasty menu options!Favorite place in Philadelphia! Love the location! Love the music! Love the environment and energy! Super bomb daily specials. My order is a pickle-tini, bbq tots, and beyond veggie burgerYou can tag up the walls, has the best bathroom graffiti I've ever seen,  they manage to play the Notorious BIG each time I come (which was pretty constant this past summer), $1 PBR deals, $4 mixed drinks and plus opportunitites to do arts and crafts while wasted? SPLENDID! 
The prices are comfortable, bartenders are cool, and you meet a miscellany of interesting people each time. I've come here with different crowds and no one feels out of place. 
For the record, you can smoke in the back. Bring a sharpie with you and profess your love or hate for someone on the wall.This is definitely one of the most awesome dive bars in Philly! A few friends and I decided to go here since we have nothing else to do.on a Friday night. The cheap beer and greasy food hits the spot (tater tots and cheese whiz is awesome). The bartender was an awesome dude and was incredibly sociable with us. He was good for cracking jokes and giving words of wisdom. Also, any bars with toys on the counter is automatically the greatest place ever!Stumbled into here sort of randomly with the family.  We were in Philly for my wife's birthday and looking for a late lunch/early dinner along with 3 small kids.  The menu looked good and we needed a drink so we stopped in.  What good luck!  The restaurant is very cool and nice.  Large beer selection at incredibly reasonable prices.  We ordered a bunch of dishes and all of them delivered, including the breakfast burrito, sriracha chicken wrap and buffalo wings.  Both the waiter and manager (?) were super cool when they found out it was my wife's birthday and hooked us up!  Kids loved that they got lollipops and little plastic toys.  The veggie items looked really amazing; I wanted to try but we were just too full.  All in all, very happy that we found our way to Tattooed Mom!My favorite bar in Philadelphia; always my go-to. It's big enough that you can easily come with a group of up to 8 people any night of the week. There are also plenty of nooks for private conversations.  The decor is super fun, and I love that the graffitti of upstairs is always changing.  All of the seating (yes, especially the bumper cars) is fantastic.
The veggie burger with cheese is my favorite barfood. Cheap, but delicious.
p.s. people tend to be friendlier upstairs than downstairs.  There is a regulars club that hangs out at the bar and won't talk to you even if you're there alone and try to make conversation. Upstairs you can get in on a game of pool, drunk tourists will buy your whole party drinks (this has happened to me 3 times). Even if its real quiet it's tough to get the bartender to chat but it can be done.
p.p.s try to get there when the Philadelphia Beard and Mustache club is having an event.You wont regret it.Its Tuesday night. "Oh Shit! Is it too late to get some tacos?!" Yesssss Taco Tuesdays are so good. You can find me pushing through the crust punks, tourists, and babies momma's that populate south street to grab some tacos and drink PBR. Tattooed Mom's is such a good bar in such an unfortunate location. Regardless this is a must see bar in Philadelphia.
The owner, music, food, drinks, atmosphere, craft nights, and people make this one of Philadelphia's best bars.While in Philly, my friends and I had a weird thing for Tattooed Mom. Surely we could find something younger and hotter, but we always ended up with the Mom. I think the main reason is the cool black lady waitress who wears shades (yes, at night) and whom my friend and I suspect is tattooed mom in essence.
Tattooed mom likes to sprinkle random little toys and candy on the table. The decor is punky and funky with skulls, skeletons, and clocks. This place really grows on you. There's an upstairs with pool and crazy graffitis everywhere. I never checked out the guest DJ nights, but that happens upstairs. We mainly went there for the good deals on beer and well drinks. Oh, and the taco special! And of course, tattooed mom :)Food is aight but the punk attitude with the slow ass service?! Nah, im all set! Long story short--I've been here for lunch twice & while their vegan/veggie options are good & diverse, it took so dang long and I'm on my lunch break from work, homies, so cmon. It wasn't even that busy either.This place confuses me. When we went it was like a combination thrift store and restaurant. The burger that I got was very good and they give you the option of choosing your own (unlimited) topping. Daiya cheese is available at a small increased cost. Also, they have great southern style fries with fried jalapenos. 
Good prices. I wouldn't come here except for during Wednesday $3 burger night.Tattooed mom has a great vibe and feels like a real south street bar. It's casual, not pretentious and a great place for a drink. Def worth checking out if you're on south street.This is the best bar in Philly.
The upstairs is the perfect dive while the downstairs is respectfully cute/cool.  The jukebox has everything from Naughty by Nature to the Subhumans.  The drink deals are great.  The bar food is solid with vegan options.  The two couches are comfortable and make you feel like you are drinking at a house party rather than on sometimes-douchey South Street, especially when you have your feet on the coffee table and the couple sitting next to you is making out.there's not very many reasons to head down to south street (there are some, and weirdly, they're all within blocks of tattooed mom's, but that's neither here nor there...) however, sometimes one needs a cheap beer, a relatively chill atmosphere, and a basket of tots with sriracha on top. this is a place where you can find all of these things.Eclectic place with excellent food. Burger was delicious as were the tots with Parmesan garlic sauce/ we are not
Locals and my husband likes to sample local beers . He ordered one and talked to the waiter who brought him out a few samples at no charge. I'd definitely eat here againThis is a great place if you are looking for hearty vegan food. Overall, great uber liberal hidden gem in an artsy neighborhood. Almost gave it a higher rating, but the bathrooms and floors could use a little bit better cleaning throughout the day.The bar is touted as a popular dive bar. The overall look is dive-y, but I don't think it has a dive bar feel. But it's still a great bar. Fun atmosphere. They serve food until 130a. Menu is good. The tater tots are great. 
The 2nd floor has another bar area and pool tables. The walls are covered with graffiti, stickers, etc.Love this place! The specials they have are awesome, they have different ones for each day of the week so check them out. Upstairs is cool, there's a pool table and a lounge area that's chill if you have a few people with you. Food is pretty good too. Overall the place has a good vibeStep through the looking glass and fall into the loving embrace of Tattooed Mom. Each level has its own feel you can't get anywhere else.
Get hooked up with local beers, funky cocktails, and some bites (yep, some are veg friendly) on the first floor. It feels like Alice's tea party meets your eccentric great aunt's parlor. Play with the random toys around the bar when you're bored.
Head upstairs for pool and 20+ years of layered street art in the walls. Grab another drink. Laugh. Chat up the bartender a bit cus they're there for good times too. Don't miss this place!Great food, cheap drinks, friendly staff & quirky decor. 
Plus a very vegan-friendly menu. One of my favorite veggie burgers in the city and only $3.50 on Wednesdays. Meatless Monday half-priced specials too & vegan taco option for Taco Tuesday.I really like Tattooed Mom's for a lunch stop. I basically only eat here on Pierogie Thursdays because they're super cheap and you can add all of the toppings you'd like(for an extra cost, of course). The bar staff is always great and they  have little toys scattered on the bar and table tops to entertain yourself with. The beer is always solid and they have great liquor choices. You don't come to Tattooed Mom's in search of a life changing experience, just an always dependable pierogie and beer. I don't need anything else in life.A vegetarian's dream! I had the honey siracha "chicken" wrap and it was amazing! Staff was super friendly, decor was great and drinks were decently priced, would most definitely come back!Favorite bar in the city, hands down. The staff is one of the kindest, most down to earth, and just awesome group of people that has ever graced a bar in Philadelphia. Seriously, if this place is the absolute TITS! No matter who is working, you are sure to have great conversation and great service (I'm looking at you Sig and Jen!!)...oh and the food and beer is great too! 
Don't miss out on the weekly specials - you can't beat $1 tacos (veggie or meat), $0.50 perogies, and $3 burgers (veggie or meat). 
Food not your thing? Have fun writing graffiti, drawing nonsense, or doing whatever you please to the walls on the second floor. With an ever changing variety of street art gracing their upstairs, you will always find something new and interesting displayed.WAY MORE THAN JUST A "dive bar"!! This is one of my all time favorite places to come to in Philly. So much to do..pool tables, bumper cars, wall to wall graffiti, amazing specialty drinks, beer specials all the time, amazing happy hour deals, and super delicious  food. Free arts and crafts Sundays! Bar bingo once a month! I can go on and on! Such a great place to just come and hang out all day. Greatest place in the world!!!!!!I was wandering around old city, visiting on a whim from NYC and smelled my way towards South street and found my people. I walked into Mom's and enjoyed the vibe downstairs for over an hour, alone. The bartender was cool, kind, and professional, and the candy strewn about the bar was a nice surprise. The furniture and decor are very fun and remind me of a grimier version of my favorite bar in my hometown of Houston, which has a circus theme going....
I found my way upstairs and sat in one of the buggies up there (go, you'll see) & pulled out my sketchbook to just draw & enjoy the music. When I was close to leaving, some people came up & started talking to me. About art school, about humanity, about Philadelphia...and we hung out for another hour at least at the bar. 
Everyone I interacted with at T-Mom's was down to earth and friendly. And what amazes me the most is that it actually attracts a really diverse crowd....nursing students and sticker punks alike. 
The menu has many vegetarian options, as well as a different special each weeknight. Sunday is arts and crafts day, Saturday morning they play cartoons and serve White Russians I believe, and of course there's taco Tuesday, pierogi night, and cheap $3 hamburger night. 
I ended up moving to Philadelphia from NYC  4 days later because of the experience I had at T-Mom's.  And now, anytime friends visit me in Philly from elsewhere, I take them here first.Ok, so I am going to be a little biased since Mom's is my FAVORITE hangout, ever!
I am absolutely addicted to Mom's cheap Veggie food and PBR specials. There are always food specials going on including $3 regular and veggie burgers on Monday and Thursday, Taco Tuesdays, Pierogie Wednesdays, and half price sandwiches on the weekend during the day. There are also tons of beer specials and even when there's not everything is reasonable.
Free craft Sundays are the perfect place for cheap fun. They have a craft table open to guests including coloring books, felt, construction paper, and even GIMP! There are also tons of great board games to play while hanging out and once a month they so a specialty craft like making sock puppets or ties for father's day.
The atmosphere is both chill and artistic punk at the same time. The memorabilia is everywhere and ranges from a bumper car in the front window to a 16" Stay Puffed Marshmallow Man on one of the shelves. The little alleyway has some great exhibits of crafts past including two robots that strangely resemble c3po and the robot from Mystery Science Theater.
You'll notice a lot of different crowds hanging at moms including what's left of the dwindling Philly punk scene, bike messengers, your indie artists and even some of the "newer" South Street crowd is making their way to the bar for a new experience.
The bar tenders and wait staff are all great without a doubt. Add a blend of old school punk, new wave, indie and even country tunes from the jukebox and you're set for the night.
Thanks, mom.The best eccentric bar I've ever been to. Vegetarian friendly and great service, even when it's slammed.They got Yards on tap, good food, Kick ass Juke on both floors, and if I don't bump into friends here, I always meet really cool people here. It's also a really good place to showcase your skills on the pooltable. You might think from the name and the tattooed clientele it has a reputation for being a tough bar, for the most part its not, but some skinheads started a fight with these guys I was shooting pool with once. But there was a Bar Brawl at Standard Tap a month or so ago, So I guess stuff happens everywhereThis place is pretty great.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere which is great for hanging out.  They have pretty cheap drinks, especially PBR.  I thoroughly enjoy cheap drinks.  I haven't really checked, but I don't get the feeling they have a lot of beers to choose from.  Beer (other than PBR) doesn't seem to be what most people come here for though.  The bar tenders and waiters are friendly, sometimes surly and quick.  The food isn't the best, but it's not bad either.  They have a lot of veggie and vegan options and different food specials everyday (I think).  You will find bowls of candy on the tables, usually dum-dums and chocolate at the bar.  
cheap booze + cheap food + free candy  = WIN
The decor is eclectic and fun, just like their patrons.  It's a decent size as well.  I'm told there is an upstairs with smoking, but have never ventured up there.
Give this place a go, it's fun!Awesome decor, love the upstairs! ! The male bartender was really funny,  and very personable.  Awesome special on pierogies, perfect to snack on while you enjoy the atmosphere of the bar.Ass baskets, Taco Tuesday, lollipops and thrift store couches. Tattoo Mom's was my home away from home during the months after leaving my job at Whole Foods. Over the years, it has stood it's ground and continues to be one of my favorite bars in the city. It holds a special place in my heart and even though I stay away from South Street, it's hard to say no to an invitation to Mom's.
After spending countless Sunday nights throwing back beers, coloring in books and making bead necklaces with Mom herself, I was offered a job at Old City's Sugar Mom's. While the Old City crowd is a different mix, both bars are unique and should be visited by both locals and tourists.Sometimes the Yelp Rating really sums it up in a way that my brilliant, eloquent mind can't even match:
"Meh. I've experienced better."
I really have. I got a veggie burger, which was tasty enough...but my boyfriend's brother got a pizza, and I swear the pizza dough was exactly the same as my burger bun. Fluffy. Bland. Kind of weird. 
Tots are nice and all (what hipster doesn't love seeing them on the menu?) but a little expensive for what they really are.
And speaking of hipsters, and one point our server stood up on a chair to...well, I don't really know what he was going for with that. I assume it's the latest new dance craze that you probably haven't heard about yet.
We didn't come here to drink, so maybe that's where we went wrong. Oh well.Well, I feel like a real lush for having back-to-back reviews in which my drunkenness played the starring role, but, as my mother would say, them's the breaks. Sue G., Hunter (my boyfriend), and I stumbled (literally, at least in my case) in here after the incredibly awesome UYE at ZoT last night (thanks to Bill for organizing!). Unfortunately, however, ZoT managed to run me pretty dry, so I was happy to find a cheap dive that was close by. Though I usually turn my nose up at shitty beer, I was too drunk at this point to care. The PBR went down like water.
I enjoyed their decorations. It reminded me of an old ice cream parlor, just with booze instead of ice cream. The people there were... interesting, to say the least. They made us laugh, and not much beats laughing at people when you're drunk. 
I don't remember seeing many games, but there was a big bowl of Dum-Dum lollipops in front of us, which brought on a welcome wave of nostalgia.
Extra star for the mouse-friend that scuttled across the floor, which drove Sue to push her beer as far away from her as possible and yell at the bartender. Good times.The quintessential hipster bar. Complete with quaint, varied seating. Children's toys. And dum dum lollipops. Come for the dollar taco tuesdays or four dollar burger wednesdays. It can get pretty busy around happy hour, so get in early before those tacos run out.
Overall: 3/5 enjoy the indie atmosphere and well priced beers with daily food specialsWent here for the first time last week during the afternoon. First off, much less pretentious than Sugar Mom's (see my review from 2011). Chubb is such a sweetie bartender! Great cocktails and food. Got the Philly fries which were delish. Also sampled some of my friends' perogies and honey sriracha wings. YUM! 
Def will return.Came to check out this bar on my trip to Philly and it was OK. The atmosphere was different and i liked the decor (very artsy/urban) and the couch had a great pair of dog/cat face pillows we had a good laugh at. 
The bartenders however were very standoffish and not very friendly and the man at the door checking ID's was pretty rude. Liked the bar but probably wont come back next time i come visit. They do have good prices though if you are on a budget.A Philadelphia staple! The owner, a woman in her forties, has pink hair! That says a lot about the place. Some of the punk/ dive bar culture has disappeared from South Street since the Cadillac Grille and other places have closed, some of the older stores have moved or closed, and its a sad thing. I don't think most people want South Street to be gentrified, and it has moved somewhat in that direction. They even removed the gum tree just so they could expand the side walks and put in red lamp posts! But anyway, I'm really happy Tattooed Mom is still there. There is a great lunch deal on Wed, 50 cent perrogies! They have a good jupe box and comfortable seating if you go there for drinks. And, an added benefit, friendly staff.Cool spot. Loved that they offer s GREAT vegan spread. The vegan steak sandwich was awesome. Also had really cool craft cocktails. I highly recommend if your in south phillyI've been going to Mom's for over ten years, and it's generally a great place to hang out, have a beer, and get some good bar food.  The burgers, tacos, nachos, and waffle fries are always very good, and they almost always have cider on tap.
I avoid Mom's on the weekends, though, because the hipster quotient is way too high for my taste, and people are usually crammed in the place like sardines.  Weeknights are the time to hit Mom'sEach day, before the entire population of South Jersey Jagerbombs South Street, there is a place you can go to sit on a throne, craft something out of pipecleaners, and suck on a dum dum while you wait for someone to bring you food.
No, it's not your mom's living room, it's actually Tattooed Mom. 
And oh yeah, the food is good too..
Can't speak for carnivorous options, but the vegetarian/vegan menu is awesome. And it's HALF PRICE ON MEATLESS MONDAYS! (5-7 or 10-11)
If you eat honey, the Honey Sriracha "Chicken" Wrap is essential. Even better with "bacon" & guac. Also veg corn dogs, burgers, and steak sandwiches. Here's a caution though: don't mis-steak the "vegan steak sandwich" for a loaded cheesesteak - the one I got was just "steak" on a roll, kinda dry and definitely in need of a sauce. Good news is you can add a cornucopia of FREE veggie toppings/sauces, or pay a bit extra for special ones like Daiya, guac, "bacon", etc.I've only been there once.  It was casual, friendly, and not too crowded.  Cheap drinks are a plus.I love the feel of this place and all the effort put into making the place fun. The decorations make for great conversation and the lollipops and other toys at the table were a nice touch.
My server was fast, personable, and knowledgable about the menu. I was surprised by all the options for food since it seemed to be more of a bar. 
The restaurant was fairly busy when my friends and I went but the service was still good and the food was still fast. Everyone enjoyed their meals and drinks and we'll be back again!I was in town for a convention and ended up here with a bunch of friends. To keep all honest this was about 2 or 3 weeks ago. This place is freaking awesome! The walls are all decked out in random posters and scribblings from the patrons that were smart enough to bring a marker with then. A lot of the seats are old bumper cars or roller coaster cars (I think) . Just all around a wonderful place to look around at the walls of ever changing art. 
I grabbed a drink and played a couple games of pool with some other people there. Was a great time and no issues. You would think from the crowd and name that it would be kind of rough and tough in there but seemed quite the opposite of that. Drinks were great and the food was actually really good too. Had chicken fingers and the Spanish fries. Was not disappointed at all. I will absolutely be back here when I end up back in Philadelphia!This place has the best bar stools at the downstairs bar.  That would be enough for greatness, but they take it further with a good veggie burger and tater tots, and decent cheap beer.  Every time I've been there the service is pretty good, the bathroom is clean, and the atmosphere is cozy and interesting; i.e. if the conversation is boring there's plenty to gaze at!I was very excited to try the Tattooed Mom for the first time. I originally came for the Beyond Mom's Vegan Burger, which unfortunately was sold out, so I asked the waiter for recommendations and ordered the Vegan Chubbsteak Wrap. The wrap was very good - super flavorful and filling. My friend and I also split the Ass Basket (chicken fingers, french fries, and mozzarella sticks). I did not try the chicken fingers, but the french fries were very sub par (would not recommend paying extra for) and the mozzarella sticks were the worst I have ever had (how hard is it to make, heck even microwave, mozz sticks?!) 
For a drink, I got the Rhubarb Peach Cobbler and was not impressed at all. It was honestly hard for me to finish. As a disclaimer, I am not a big drinker and therefore may not be the best person to review drinks, but I would definitely not order that drink again. In regards to the service, our waiter was very nice but you could tell the place was severely understaffed. As such, it took about 30 minutes for us to finish paying after receiving the check. Overall, I am disappointed by the experience I had at the Tattooed Mom and will not be coming back.I find this place to be a little gem on a street of mediocre bars. Drinks are yummy and cheap-ish. The decor in this place could be an art gallery, as their is so much to look at.My boyfriend and I were looking for a vegan spot open late and we came across this place and I'm so glad we did. The service was AMAZING, our waitress was so nice and super attentive to my boyfriends allergies. I wish I took a pic of the food before hand. We got the waffle fries, hummus and falafel, and a beyond meat burger w/ salad because they don't gluten free buns. Overall, great spot for vegan eats at a great price!I'm the 88th person to review Mom's, so you don't really NEED me to tell you about it, but I love this place so much, I just feel compelled to tell you anyway.  
This is pretty much my favorite bar ever.  Yes, it can get a tad hipster/scenesterish, depending on when you're there, but I think what I like about Mom's is that it's not a fashion show, it's not a popularity contest - pretty much all walks come here, and they're in too good a mood while they're here to judge you, because it's such a fun place.  People who don't like hipsters can go to Mom's and inadvertently befriend one.  And hipsters may walk out with a new "bro" pal or "dude" friend.  You never know.
In addition to good vibes and nice staff, TM's gets an A+ for the deliciosity of their bar food and kitschy, weird, dirty garage band/basement vibe decor.By far my favorite bar for many many reasons. 
1. I must say I'm partial to it because I am in fact, a tattooed mom. 
2. The drinks, oh the drinks. I order the pink puss. I don't know what's in it because they won't tell you but boy is it delicious! 
3. The atmosphere, there's art and toys everywhere! Who wouldn't enjoy that? I mean really? Each table gets a selection of little games to play while they're drinking/eating. This is the best part of all. 
4. Oh and they give you free lollipops. Enough said. This bar is the epitome of perfection.This is one of the coolest dive bars in Philly! Fun ambiance, good food, cheap drinks, & great happy hour.  Why say more.  That sums it up!Dive bar with lots of places to sit and great selection of beers on tap. Very good prices as well. The bartenders were great, very patient and knowledgeable. Bathrooms are big, but there is only one of each. They would do themselves a favor to add a few stalls, instead of the one toilet in each.Pleasantly surprised by cheap prices and not all that nihilistic; Mamma where'd ya get yo name from?Tattooed Mom is my all time favorite bar. You walk in and the downstairs and filled with quirky furniture made to feel like your grandmas living room. When the sun goes down they open the upstairs bar. Upstairs is another bar and pull table. There's graffiti and stickers covering the walls, bar and everything else. There are a few old bumper cars sitting on the floor that make for a great photo opportunity. They also serve food. Pretty standard bar fare but the pierogis and cheesy tater tots stand out. This bar is fun and the food is pretty good. Prices are pretty decent too for being on South Street.Previous Punk Scene, now Hip Scene, great grunge design upstairs.  Great to grab a beer/food downstairs EARLY, any day.  These earn the 2 stars from the rating.
But at night, go here once, then never again.  Avoid.
I have gotten a throw-up smelling glass of beer here three of the night visits. Once there was actually throw-up on it.  Order cans or bottles.
The upstairs bar and pool tables are packed at night, and the bartender will purposefully ignore you if you don't tip $1 per PBR, even if you order 3 at once for friends.  Once, a bartender started a facebook petition for "ordering etiquette" that explained how they will do this, in some sort of Bizzarro union tactic against the customer instead of the management.  If you're not paid enough, its not the customer's fault: the beer isn't even cheaper for us.  It's the management's fault.  But I guess they decided they have a better chance against customers?
Let's be honest, this is a nostalgia destination for the fledging punk scene being commercialized on South St.  If you're young, "not from" or "new" to the city, or want to bring an out-of-towner to a place they'll think has a hip design, here's your place.  If you are trying to look hip, with others trying the same thing, here's your place.
If you're just looking to have a good time, you'll have to dial one of the numbers on the bathroom stall.Best philly cheese steak I've ever had! Service was great. Awesome beers. Highly recommend, coolest bar in the area for sureProbably one of the best places around. Great hang-out for cheap drinks and cheap/good eats. My favorite? $1 PBR pounders 7-11pm on weekends, Taco Tuesdays and Pierogie Wednesdays.
Pool table and juke box upstairs. More comfortable and more available seating downstairs (if you show up early enough). See also: Sugar Mom'sTattooed Mom was recommended by a friend, so I stopped in for a late lunch one day. Perhaps this is more of an evening bar/dining establishment, because the lunch felt a little lacking. It was dead empty save one patron sitting at the bar. The food was average, although the beer selection was pretty wide. I imagine I would enjoy it a lot more in the evenings or on the weekends, but for right now, it is just OK.Whenever I'm in Philly I try to stop @ Tattooed Mom's.  This is my kinda bar.  Great cheap beer specials, really laid back and original atmosphere..it's just my idea of a good time, plus no one stares at me like "OMG who's the tattooed freak lady?" look I get at some other more "normal" establishments hahaha.  I've been here a few times and I feel like an idiot because I had no idea there was an upstairs..so next time I'll be sure to venture to that area.  Oh, and they play good music and have cheese tater tots...my absolute fave.  What's not to like?All who live in Philly must experience this bar at least once. It's definitely not for everyone but I'd be shocked if you told me it wasn't a cool experience! It's a super punk, dive bar, heavy metal, tattooed, buzzed bleach blonde hair type of place and I love it. The music is always good too! The best part is that they have crazy good food specials. Check out their website or a pic on yelp. Basically most nights/days of the week is a specific "food special" night. For example I went there the other day (can't remember what day of the week it was :/) and it was half off any vegetarian/vegan item. They have so many delicious veg options to choose from! We got the veg chicken quesadilla, falafel and the fried chicken sandwich (veg).  Amazzzzing! The falafel was the standout. Light, healthy and most definitely well portioned. Also- if you and your crew is trying to get lit, they have a great beer selection that is well priced. The shots at the bar are also about 4-6 bucks for good liquor. C'mon... pass on the rail liquor and save yourself that hangover! Must try!Get the tater tots! Boyfriend also got a chicken sandwich he loved.... I'm a vegetarian and let me tell you this walk the best "fake" chicken wrap I have EVER had. Gave my boyfriend a bite (huge meet lover) and he couldn't tell a difference himself. Strange ambiance and vibe if "hipster" isn't your normal scene, but totally worth checking out. Delicious food, and great beer selection with very reasonable prices!!!!!Needed a beer after touristing around Philly all day and didn't even know I was walking into a vegan heaven when I came across Tattood Mom. What a spectacular vegan "bar food" menu. Any place with pierogis on the menu steals a piece of my heart. But my fried pickle "chicken" sandwich was also delicious. The bartender Patrick was helpful with describing the local beer selection. I wish there were more bars like this!"Punk's not dead, punk's noooot dead" at Tattooed Moms.
Great place to get pissed... I can't speak for the food, although I've had the veggie wings (pierogies) over at Sugarmom's and those are always good.  I usually go upstairs when i'm there, just because I love all the punk nostalgia plastered all over the walls.  It's a fun place to start or end your night... the beer is cheap enough, and it seems the bar food selection is decent.  If you're into gritty bars, and appreciate the legacy of the punk scene, you must experience Tattooed Mom's.my first time at Tattooed Mom was Saturday. It was freaking amazing! $1 PBR pounders were awesome. And the oldschool bumper cars in the back were so awesome. I love all the graffiti and craziness all over the walls, and also, a dude from CAMEL came and gave out 2 packs to like everyone. Got drunk for cheap.