This is a great establishment!  The piano bar is best!  Pianists Jeff, Dena, Gosha are fantastic!  Always a good time listening or singing along!  The food downstairs is great too!  Never a disappointing experience!Cool that it's a piano bar, restaurant and club all in one. When we went, the demographics seemed to be much older people. No one was on the dance floor, so that felt a bit awkward. The piano bar was pretty cool, and I loved that people got into the music. However, it seemed like people were clique-y and weren't into mingling and meeting new people.I was out with friends last week, downing beers at Sisters and getting hungrier by the minute. Between the five of us we couldn't come up with any great ideas for dinner (which might seem sad until you factor the beer into the equation), and we ended up wandering over to TOC just based on its geographic proximity. I've spent plenty of nights drinking and dancing there but didn't have high hopes for the restaurant because, well, it's in the basement of a bar. Boy was I wrong. It may be the basement, but it's cozy and quite chic. The menu is far from typical bar food, though there is a single (gourmet) burger offered. I had bacon-wrapped scallops and roast lamb, both of which were delicious. The bread that arrived before the meal was soft and hot and accompanied by a tasty pesto-infused oil.  After all this and several glasses of wine from their wine cellar, I am a convert to dinner at TOC. Word on the street--er, in the basement--is that the menu is changing next week. I'll be back to check it out.I always have an amazing time when we visit the piano bar. Who doesn't love showtunes? My buddies and I prefer the tavern over the other bars in the neighborhood. They have a great menu and make the best cocktails. Staff is always very friendly!Love Thursday nights at TOC! Cj can play anything you would like to hear.  the drinks. Just a fab spot!I was here on 10/8/16 for the edm dance party on the second floor.
was a good time until it was last call;; bartender called it i went to order a cocktail where i was promptly told they would not be serving me.  it wasnt until i told them i was looking for something non alcoholic that they did decide to serve me.
$4.30 for a looooooooooot of ice, seltzer water with a lemon, what the fuck?  
anyways i dont know why they wouldnt serve me any alcohol but to overcharge for the bubble water is ridiculous.I came for the piano bar, which I love, but sorry to say, they need to limit the "amateur" talent" that sing instead of the hired professional.   One or two is fine then the professional should sing alone.  Five in a row killed the mood.   I love who you hired to play piano.  Stop letting randoms sing so many songs in a row.  Intersperse them.Lovely gay friendly restaurant with decent food.   Gets -2 stars when the waiter asked us to leave because they had a reservation coming up.  Bill had been paid and we were literally putting our jackets on when this fatal mistake occurred.Love Showtunes Sundays.  The GM and staff are amazing..... my go-to spot.I love this place! The piano bar is the best! The upstairs is often too crowded to dance, but hey, it definitely is a gay dance club. The reason I keep returning is the piano bar. I love gay people and Broadway musicals- ergo, this is the best place for me. I love singing along to "Piano Man" having the lyrics say "...and the microphone smells like a queer". So much fun! Only downside is that the drinks are a little pricey. But hey, go to almost any other bar in the 'hood (that's the Gaybourhood, darlings) and pregame!Why is no one dancing? Because your DJ cares more about his taste than the 60 people 'wanting to dance' yet unmoved by his 'skills'. Figure it out TOC...Been here multiple times since my move to Philly and I can say that I could take it or leave it honestly. Naturally, Tavern on Camac is a gay bar, but the vibe is no present when you walk in. On certain nights you can feel it with the piano playing or the showtunes playing upstairs on the second level, however I feel this bar lacks identity. 
As mentioned before, I have ventured here multiple times...there has not been one bartender, drink or night that has stuck out for me. While I enjoy the opportunity to come in and listen to piano every now and then, Tavern on Camac is not top 3 for gay bars in Philly.a piano bar (i hate) with a dance floor (novel combination). no cover when there is at woody's so a good place to drop in on the weekend for a little groove without commitment to stayingMy friend took us here to start the night off so when we got there it was still early and the place was not packed. It was an interesting mixture of older guys and lesbians. The drinks here are STRONG!! SO STrong that even an alcoholic like me could barely take it. The music was pretty good and everyone was dancing. The place has a very welcoming vibe and everyone there seem to be really enjoying themselves. As a straight girl I thought I would just go to people watch but I had 3 guys pull me to dance. I had a great time and after 2 drinks at this place you end up pretty buzzed.Wow; not what I expected from a place that looked like just a bar. The food was great. The clams & calamari were a good appetizer for two, and the duck entree was amazing.A great piano bar other than the same songs played and sang daily. Nice bartenders. Drinks are affordable. Crowd is pleasing.. But tight on space if it gets busy.Moving here in 2009, immediately made this my most favorite bar in the city. We would start at Knock, come here, hop to Woody's then come back to Tavern on Camac (TOC) then head to Voyeur. The staff is so friendly, the coat check in the winter is affordable, you may not have to obtain a 2nd mortgage on your home and the drinks strong and delicious. 
Downstairs is fabulous if you love show tunes and a piano! She is banging on them keys and a Queen is squealing a favorite Broadway Show tune, definitely a show on its own. The dance floor is tiny but I feel like it can fit a lot of Dancing Queens. The music is great and there's no icy cold, winter storm blast hosing you down like Woody's dance floor,  not that I'm complaining...hahahaOne of the best bars for a fun evening in the gayborhood. Drinks are big and strong like the bartenders.  Entertainment abounds with a piano bar on the main floor and a dance club upstairs. Never had any food here so can't speak to that.  TOC is like your neighborhood bar where you go with freinds!I like this place.  The piano area downstairs is awesome.  You can listen to a guy play piano and actually converse with friends.  Added bonus if you can get a seat.  Upstairs they have more of a dance club that I didn't really spend any time in.  The laid-back vibe of the piano area was good enough for me.  Darn you for not taking credit cards!  I'd have stayed longer.One of my favorite places in Philly. Always a good time. They do NOT take cards though (as of 10/12/12) so only option is ATM machine with $3 surcharge.  Or bring cash, obviously.I usually really like this bar. Pretty neat venue and fun crowd but the music lately SUCKS. Saturday night, my friends requested something more along the lines of Britney Spears or at least something that can be danced to and the DJ's reply was "this is a gay bar". With the DJ having such fantastic observational skills, you would think he would have noticed that no one was dancing (gay or straight). Get better music and you'll make more money because people will actually stay as opposed to heading over to other bars in the area.Tavern on Camac's restaurant is such a hidden treat! I recently went with a few friends for dinner, and we all were really satisfied. Their cocktail and beer menus have a lot of great things to offer. I got the Tulip and my boyfriend got the Bee's Knees. Both were fabulous. 
The staff was really friendly and attentive, though service was a bit slow in the beginning, I think it was just due to the amount of large parties ordering at once. 
Our food was all really great, the Sriracha deviled eggs are DELICIOUS. 
I went with the steak frites for dinner and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked. 
I've never been late night for any dancing, but if you're looking for a good restaurant with fun vibes, I'd definitely recommend ToC!Great place for strong drinks, good dancing, and fun atmosphere. We went here to celebrate my partner's 30th Birthday and had a blast. The only drawback is the size of the upstairs dance floor. Because it is so small and gets crowded quickly - they limit the number of people who can enter. This makes it rough if you have a big party there and some of them go outside... It may take them 30 - 40 minutes to get back in. The club is tucked away in a cozy little alley, so as your party spills out of the club they can congregate in front of the bar and be obnoxious! Woo-hoo!! It was a great night and lots of fun!This place is great. There is a great piano bar on the 1st floor with an excellent lounge on the 2nd floor. The bartender Kyle is very nice and as far as I can tell he works the 2nd floor often.Someone had some work done.  Sure, people were saying "Ooof, the years have taken its toll" and comments had been made that the place had seen better days.  So off Tavern went, shut down for months, and reopened taut, tight, smooth with nary a wrinkle to be seen.  Wait, who the heck are you, Tavern? Where d'ya go?
Don't get me wrong, the renovations are a revelation.  It's so spanking (pun intended) clean.  There were windows added - (hey there's light!), spacious lovely tiled entry, drop ceiling removed, floor plan entirely re-imagined.  New everything.  From flooring, a new refurbished piano, ample circular bar (with bag hooks - thank you! and outlets to charge your electronics), wall treatments - it's like a entirely different place. Which is exactly my problem.  There is nothing about this new place that reminds me or makes me feel like I'm at Tavern.  Apart from the piano, and the tunes, there is nothing that is at all reminiscent of the old place.  I missed the old space.  The drab, dark, dreary dive-y, kitch-y place.  The 80's dance club upstairs.  I loved it as it was.  In my mind, the place was perfect as it was.  There was something comforting about it.  Hidden away on Camac - it was like a place frozen in time.
But onwards, and upwards, what was TOC is no more, and I have to embrace the times, and admit that yes, a little freshening up never hurt anybody - the only obvious change as well, is that the pours have changed, and so their drinks here no longer put me in my place, and well, hey, surgery (ahem) I mean renos don't pay for themselves, you know!I love this little gay hideaway bar.   Friendly and flirty without being overly dramatic.   The piano bar is nice, if that is your thing, but i need major booze to handle that.   But it is fun.   The upstairs club is fun with a good blend of party dances.   The crowd doesn't care who you are, as long as you are willing to have a blast.   A highly recommended fun time in gay Philadelphia!Tavern on Camac, commonly known as TOC, is one of those nifty gay alley bars harkening back to days of yore with a good general cross section of ages from the rather young to the senior citizens, a lesbian or two, and few straights (or so they said).  TOC serves a great drink at reasonable prices and best of all is the piano. The night I was there, the piano player was really terrific.
Next time I'm in Philly, I'll be back.Why is no one dancing? Because your DJ cares more about his taste than the 60 people 'wanting to dance' yet unmoved by his 'skills'. Figure it out TOC...This spot just fills me up with joy and every time I visit. I've been a visitor at ToC for almost a decade and I am never disappointed. The talent that comes in and out every night will gave you in awe. The best part is that any customer is allowed to collaborate with the pianist and perform a vocal number. Lots of show tunes. Lots of Barbra Streisand. You won't be disappointed.While bar hopping with friends one night, we stopped into Tavern and right away I could tell it was far more social than Woody's.  There was a guy singing and playing piano, more specifically songs by Lady GaGa and songs from "Wicked," so that added a nice little touch to the evening.  Didn't have any drinks here, but I know that will change because I will be back for sure!Went here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend around 11pm. We started off on the 2nd floor at the piano bar. That was pretty good. The lady playing the piano was really nice and fun. She let patrons come up, request a song, and sing along. 
Wasn't a fan of the 2nd floor bartender. He was really dry. Also, seems like he either charged us more for our drinks or the 3rd floor drinks were cheaper. On the 2nd floor I ordered a caramel apple and a beer and was charged $14 (not bad at all) but on the 3rd floor I ordered a screwdriver and a whiskey on the rocks and was only charged $12. Weird. But either way the drink prices are very reasonable. 
Now on to the third floor. We had an absolute blast. The bartender was great and very friendly. He made nice strong drinks as well. They play and show videos of musical clips all night, from Grease to Chicago to Glee. They have old school and new school clips nothing I've ever experienced. My gf was in awe. Needless to say we had a blast :)Hands down the best bar in the gayberhood. No cover, strong drinks, and different floors to fit your mood, what more could you want?Tavern on Camac is a really great bar. The music is fun and the atmosphere is really upbeat. Downstairs is more of a relaxed vibe and upstairs has a dance floor, so there is something for everyone. Will definitely be going back there for more nights out dancing.Tavern on Camac is a bit of a holdover from the old days, when gay bars were hidden down tiny side streets and you pretty much had to know exactly where you were going to find the place. But that's part of what gives Tavern its charm - unlike bigger places like Woody's you know that everyone in the place really wants to be there.
I was at Tavern on Camac for a friend's birthday and loved everything about it. From the piano man downstairs (with everyone singing along to Abba and showtunes) to the great dance floor, Tavern is just what you want a "gay" bar to be. The drinks are strong, the music's good, and everyone is having a great time. If you want to just relax and have a few drinks, the downstairs has a great atmosphere. But when you want to dance and go nuts, the upstairs has you covered with a full bar and great music.
The crowd here is also great. It's a great mix of young and old, gay and straight, that makes everyone feel like they're just out for a no-pressure night out.
I've also got to give props to the no hassle free coat check. One of the more aggravating things about other spots in the area (cough, cough, Woody's) is that I have to pay to stay warm in the winter without lugging my coat onto the dance floor. Thanks, Tavern, for not punishing me for dressing for the weather!I am truly astonished that someone has not written a review of Tavern. Yet another hot night spot that seems to appear a midst residential homes, I have never had a better margarita (I lie because Lolita has the best margaritas.) If you do not have time to grab a fifth of tequila before the liquor stores close, Tavern surely wins on convenience. To ensure the best, please request that Sonny who works the first floor main bar mixes the drink.  Afterwards, you can either join singing along to show tunes downstairs as live piano acts perform or (usually and especially on weekends) wait in line to dance to underplayed Madonna upstairs. I believe that a restaurant exists downstairs, however, have never tasted or heard about the quality of the food. Dress to impress because this crowd knows and cares about appearances and fashion.Love this place! Love the piano bar!  Love the upstairs dance floor! Drinks prices ok. Bartenders friendly, flirtatious and attentive. Just pure LOVE!I love this place.  Cozy neighborhood bar with piano downstairs.  Show tunes and delicious cocktails downstairs, with a sleek dance floor upstairs.   A good mix of cute boys and girls, and TOTALLY unpretentious.  There are no airs here!  
Love it!This place was perfect.  My girlfriend and I originally wanted to come here after dinner, and then hang out in the bar/dance floor area.  When the restaurant we wanted to go to didn't have any tables, we made our way over to Tavern on Camac early in hopes we could grab dinner there. The food was out of this world and the service was good.  Only negative would be that we got charged twice for a beer we only got one of.  Other than that, we will definitely be coming back again.Pretty classy little establishment. Dance floor upstairs and piano bar on the main floor. Bartenders are kind and the facilities were clean. Can't say much about the experience since there wasn't many people there to chat with.This was such a nice place! Loved the (hot) bartender who made awesome mojitos. The mean age of the clientele was rather high, and it was such a good atmosphere. 
The piano player was skilled, and I absolutely loved the voice of the female singer. An old(ish) man also sang some, not sure if singer or one of the clientele? Great voice anyway, and really hope he was a regular there.
Really sad I won't have time to come back here, this would make a great stop any day of the week.Dj on saturday on second floor is horrible. Plays 3 lyrics and then plays filler music. Was a jerk when talked to. Drinks are eh. Environment unoriginal.My favorite all-time bar/club! Wonderfully talented pianists every night in the main bar playing a variety of popular/show/jazz music for listening and singing-along. Upstairs in the Ascend Lounge dancing and special events after 9. And the drinks...WOW...these bartenders know how to mix a cocktail!The basement is really kinda' cool and loungy, and the bartender is great. Cool clean atmosphere, and not too crowded on weekends. Upstairs is nuts, but downstairs is a bit more relaxed.Off of Locust street, nestled in an alley, this club/bar combination is quite hidden. In fact, except for the rainbow flag and dozens of young people swarming in the doorway and into the street, I might mistake this place for someone's house. Get inside, though, and you have your choice of a mellow piano bar atmosphere (not my fave, but good for those in a singing mood), and a booming dance floor. 
My only two complaints: when it's crowded, there's a line to get up to the floor with the dance floor, and the floor is so packed that you really gotta shove to get a space to dance. Also, the men definitely outnumber the women, so if you're looking for a women scene in the neighborhood, might be better to try Sisters. 
On the plus side: no cover charge, decent drinks (both in taste and price), and (most importantly), on the dance floor, everyone gets fully into the music. Classics like "Seasons of Love" and "Like a Prayer" are set to a dance beat, and everyone sings full out as they dance their hearts out. I love it.Since moving away from Philadelphia, I've missed this place, and every time I visit I'm sure to stop in there again.
I can't vouch for downstairs, I've never even seen it never mind tried their food, though I've heard positive reviews from others.
And the top floor is... ehhh, I don't know.. mediocre. That's the dance floor but honestly, if you're going to dance at a gay bar, you're probably better off going to Woody's, Pure, or 12th Air, etc...  some place that is more devoted to being a nightclub.  If you go to TOC to dance, you're either the only one on the floor (awkward unless you're tipsy, then pretty fun and freeing actually), or waiting in line on the stairs which I never really understood.  I will say, though, the bartenders upstairs know their stuff & are funny/outgoing.  And it's a cool atmosphere for a place to have a split personality between the floors incase you have sudden mood swings throughout the night.
The piano bar (the floor as soon as you walk in the door) is the reason I go. This is NOT karaoke, so please don't treat it as such. Dont' sing unless you have some semblance of talent or else an overbearing personality/sense of humor that is entertaining to watch.  If there's a song you want to hear...  write it on a napkin and give it to the pianist.  I used to go here in the John Flynn days... who is an A+++ absolutely amazing performer/entertainer, but as I understand he isn't there anymore.  Still,  second best is David West or Max.  I'm not too into Gosha, since she sings all the songs herself and they're too slow & jazzy for my taste, but she has many fans.
I like it for the amazing atmosphere. It's such an awesomely diverse group of people who go, different ages & personalities. I've had the most intense drunkenly philosophical conversations of my life with strangers on the steps of this place.
Ladies, I hope you have strong bladders. There's a single stall ("women's only") outside of which I've found myself crouching and grabbing my crotch while praying to god I wouldn't piss myself shamelessly for a while only to have the door open with a couple of guys come out.   Come on, TOC, I understand it's "a gay bar" but last time I checked there were gay women too, right?  (There's also a bathroom upstairs, so I can't really be too hard on them for this.. but that's usually full or blocked by the line waiting to get to the dance floor).
I'm giving this place 5 stars DESPITE being kicked out the last time for "being too drunk" (hello, whose fault is that, mr. amazing bartender?) but really... I just tripped up the stairs! Seriously... yeah.. I was probably a drunken mess who had reached the point of no return but we all have  those nights and I can't hold it against the doormen who are all lovely & just doing their job (and doing it well!)Great little piano lounge with a nice restaurant downstairs and a good dance floor and cocktail/show lounge upstairs ! We like all the fine pianists here, and we also like to go when Andrew Mars is playing. One of the good guys ! Show - tune Sundays ( videos ) upstairs !Intimate, cozy and friendly piano bar and restaurant. Great service with an unpretentious vibe in the upstairs bar. Fabulous food in the restaurant downstairs. Highly recommend the deviled eggs and Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup. Hidden gem!live music every night, dance club upstairs, and restaurant.
on the lovely camac street.
philadelphia is a best kept secret. thats my hometown.the piano thing downstairs is alright....
upstairs is a totally different scene. small bar, ultra loud music, and the tiniest dancefloor known to man
not much to look at either.....
all and all, i dont know what the hype is about Tavern....its OKAY, but nothing special, at allI just went here for a friend's event.  It's called I'm from Driftwood, and they were fundraising for their cause.  It's sorta like a cross country documentary about coming out.  I pitched in a donation and all, but what drew me to come were the drink specials for their event (everyone has their own interests!)
I was told gay bars make strong drinks and holy crap they absolutely do.  Lowering inhibitions.  I see what they did there.  Aside from that, it's a pretty chill spot versus all of those other Gayborhood bars, which feels more night-clubby.  I was also surprised to see that they had food.  The rosemary fries were really good, and I ganked a fair amount of them from my friend who ordered it.  It sorta has a taste that's similar to the Colonel's potato wedges, so I think it's safe to say rosemary is probably one of the 11 secret herbs and spices.
Oh wait, back to TOC.  It's a more relaxed gay bar.  A place I'd be more inclined to hang out with my gay pals should they elect to go here instead of the other places.The food here is surprisingly good. They have one of the best philly burgers ive had in awhile. Plus there are always talented gay boys singing their hearts out. All in all a nice place for a decent meal, stiff drink and amateur entertainment. I will be backThis was my second visit to Tavern on Camac for a weekend evening. The first time I went it was a Friday night and I loved the first floor with the queens singing show tunes around the piano bar. Upstairs there is really nice dance floor, a tad more on the small side, but with floor to ceiling mirrors so people really like to look at themselves while they are dancing. On that particular night, it was a playlist, not a DJ so it was mainly club music. I went back on a Saturday night around 10:30pm and there were hardly any people on the 2nd floor, but it was early. I couldn't tell if there was a DJ or not. The bathrooms are fairly clean and not much of a wait, and what everyone said about the prices are correct - mixed drinks are only a dollar or so more than a bottle of beer. I think the first floor is what really makes the place charming, so it will continue to be a regular spot where I bring out of town friends.Tavern on Camac holds a special place in my heart ... and my liver. I love the piano bar downstairs - it's heavy on Broadway showtunes and Billy Joel songs (as you would expect!) and there is usually a friendly and enthusiastic crowd engaged in a boozy singalong. Head upstairs and the crowd gets younger and drunker. Tavern can be hit-or-miss - some nights it will be empty and awkward, other nights so crowded it's hard to dance without spilling your drink on someone, but most weekends it's just busy enough. The bartenders upstairs are phenomenal. Do yourself a favor and order a key lime pie - it's some combination of vodka, Midori sour, pineapple juice, and I don't even know what else but it is delicious and bright lime green and a few will knock you on your ass.Tavern on Camac is interesting because the first floor is a piano bar and then upstairs is, I guess, Philly's littlest gay dance club.  It feels like it's really 2 different club.
When I arrived with my friends, seemed everyone was hanging out at the piano.  Not for me!
Went upstairs but it was dead.  Ok, I give them credit because no one was liquored up...yet.
I shall come back and check out this littlest place.Sometimes forgotten, but always a good time! I love TOC! If you're in the mood to sing show tunes, the piano bar will not disappoint. If you want to dance to the latest beats, head on upstairs for a different kind of fun! We had a great time last night! I always forget about TOC, but when I get there I say the same thing! The drinks were priced well. You have to get there a little bit early though. It will seem slow at first, but picks up almost instantly! TOC is the place for me! 
Oh, and their restaurant in the basement has great brunch options!Cute gay boys. Requisite strong drinks. The popular main floor piano bar is beautifully designed, and perfectly crowned by an upstairs party loft where DJs play crowd-pleasing pop remixes on Fridays and Saturdays. A massive architectural overhaul and improved sound system makes the dance floor so much more tolerable. Sing along at Showtune Sundays with Whoopi, Whitney, and a couple of hundred Gayborhood friends - which will make you hate Monday mornings even more. Soak up the booze with a gastronomic treat in the cozy downstairs restaurant The Tavern, where gays are actually allowed to eat carbs and fat in public, in the form of well-prepared entrees or sandwiches with fresh cut, handmade fries and craft beer.This review is for the downstairs restaurant: Everything was perfect! Great, friendly  staff that works together, Mackenzie the chef is amazing and very talented. The best food I've had in a long time! Great to order a few dishes and share. Highly recommended- can't wait to go back!Fun sing along piano bar with relaxed atmosphere and eclectic clientele. No cover dancing upstairs. Drinks are reasonably priced and strong. Worth stopping in for a visit.The bartenders were nice but I suppose they had to be since it was dead on a Saturday night.  Where are all the people?Wow, I went to school in Philly for four years and never once set foot in this place. I think I had this notion that it was an older crowd, and what college undergraduate wants to get mixed up with that? I was mostly mistaken. There is definitely a mixed crowd here, with the upstairs pounding out popular dance songs for the more energetic crowd and the downstairs keeping it more mellow for those just looking to relax and have some good conversation. I could see myself enjoying both equally. 
Drink prices were reasonable, and the drinks themselves were generously poured (though not quite so much as at Woody's). Bathrooms were clean, and the whole place just seemed so..legit. Like there were nothing sleazy about the place at all, which is an amazing find these days. 
Consider me a fan!I love this place! I go as often as I can get into the city to sit around the piano and listen to Dena Underwood on Mondays and Thursdays. I really like how intimate the downstairs is, it gives you a chance to get to know everyone. Everybody is always friendly and fun to hang out with. Its like an amazing musical family that you get to be apart of when you're all sitting around the piano singing along. Often she has surprise guests sing incredibly moving duets or bring their instruments along. Its always a great night when we make it a tavern night!What can you say about this place? It smelled like someone puked all over the place. I feel very sorry for the talent there. The fumes of the vomit and the heat. Very unpleasant.This is for the restaurant: best veggie burger ever!!! It's not some frozen Garden Burger. This is the real deal: homemade with fresh ingredients. One of the best I've ever had!
The decor and atmosphere still leaves a bit to be desired. Still feels like a basement. I worry that it could detract from the elegance of the food, which is incredibly good.There are few things I enjoy more than a piano bar. Went here for some just-engaged celebratory good times and had a blast. One minus - the mirrors really freaked me out. I kept thinking there were other rooms, but no, that's just this one. Or people around corners, but no, that's just the wall. Perhaps my spatial ability is just limited. Just focus on the pianist (mind out of the gutter, people, PIANIST) and you'll be good.Tavern on Camac is the friendliest bar in Philly. It's low-key and unpretentious. Show up in your favorite old pair of jeans or your business casual - there's no dress code here. Forget the typical snobby 'tude you find in a lot of gay bars. Just come as you are and be prepared for strong drinks and friendly folks. 
It's the kind of place where the middle-aged butch lesbian sitting next to you instructs you on the art of making roses out of cocktail napkins, or you find yourself surprised by how many of the lyrics to "Sweet Caroline" you can recall after that second whiskey sour. Don't come expecting another Pure or Woody's. Lovers of TOC come for its hospitality and charm.
I had the first date with my partner of almost 2 years at TOC and we still come back on Thursday nights to sit around the piano while Deena Underwood plays. Deena has an incredible voice and has a very warm presence. Come see her every Thursday 'til 9 pm!I went around Christmas of 2010 because I heard there was a piano and thought it would be interesting, but didn't realize until after ordering a beer and seeing a picture on the wall of a bare-assed boy bent over Santa's lap that we were in a gay bar. My straight guy friends gave me hell for leading them there and rightfully so but personally I thought the atmosphere was great...for gay guys lol.Tavern has become a great place to dance on Friday and Saturday nights. The DJs there are great, and the bartenders pour the strongest drinks I've ever had at any bar/club, period. The upstairs dance floor is small, but I've enjoyed my nights here immensely now that Woody's has gone downhill.I dig TOC and TOC digs on me.  The End.
For those desiring more details, the story is this: half piano bar - half nightclub - can a combination get any better?  The cocktails aren't for the meek, the pour is generous and strong, like Mama likes it.  The club upstairs has seen me shake my bootie from time to time (and reflected three times 'til Sunday), and the piano bar downstairs has been graced by many of my renditions of Broadway favorites (yes, you may thank me later, be sure to tip your bartender!)
On one of my favorite narrow and cozy streets, this is one my favorite bars, gay or otherwise, to knock back some drinks, have a laugh, to listen to talented pianists (and maybe if you're lucky, seeee ahem... pee-a-nissts - cough-cough-nudge-nudge, but that's another story for another time), and to let the naughty night take you away.
Raucous Fun Guaranteed.TOC is good. I like going upstairs, because on a non-weekend night, you can have the entire dance floor to yourself and pretend you're at rehearsal working on choreography as a principal dancer on the Beyonce tour. Mirrors are great. Also, gay bar drinks = wasted. Loves it. Very fun.This review is only for the downstairs piano bar because I didn't even know there was a second floor dance floor! But the piano bar is classy and sparkly and I like it! Plus it's about 3 steps from my house, so if I have too many cosmos I can swiftly stumble back home with a minimal amount of people to notice. The live piano is a nice touch too. Definitely recommend for a quick pit stop while walking down camacMusic is awesome! They play the classic, HOT top 20's. I love the piano bar, too. Lot of handsome men. However, few low points include expensive drinks ($12 for Patron Shot) and tight dance space on 2nd floor.The best music, drinks, food, crowds, etc... 
My favorite LGBT bar in Philly. 
I wish they had a bigger dance floor but if that's the worst thing, it's pretty awesome.Nestled on historic Camac Street in Center City, the Tavern in Camac (TOC) is considered to be one of the oldest gay bars in Philadelphia.  Known for many years as Maxine's, the staff indicates it has been a piano bar since 1935! The modern version is a 3 story venue featuring a splendid mix of everything - great food (small plates, full entrées), a piano bar 7 nights a week with fabulous local entertainers and a small dance floor and bar on the upper floor (3rd level).
The lowest ground / below ground level features the Tavern and is generally the quietest / most intimate space featuring food and drinks at the bar or in the dining room 6 nights a week. Rumor has it, the space once connected to the Underground Railroad.  Generally on weekends when the upper floors are busy, the Tavern room is the only spot for food.  The main level features the piano and a sizeable number of men (usually gay) singling along to old and new classics.  Sometimes it's like you're at a Broadway Show the talent is so spectacular.  It's certain to be busy weekends, but don't be surprised if every seat at the piano is taken on a Monday night too.
On the upper floor, you'll find DJ's and dancing available, but don't expect the massive volume of people jammed into the space as you might at Woody's.  At the TOC, you'll be able to move about and "usually" have a conversation at any level.  Sundays is a very popular night with Showtunes starting at 9pm and a large (often wild) crowd singling along the videos from musicals and movies.
If you desire a classic predominantly gay venue, but modern by any standard with a friendly crowd and professional staff, you owe it to yourself to visit TOC.  I have been visiting since June 2014 (after relocating to the East Coast) and much more so now that I live in Philadelphia.  It's a absolute stop when friends visit from out of town.  While I didn't see the space prior to renovations (completed in early 2014), I cannot speak to the former space, but I genuinely enjoy the new space as it exists today.  Open minded people are always welcome, but the venue caters predominantly to the gay community.
If you're dining, I can recommend from personal experience the Fish N Chips, roasted brussel sprouts, chicken sandwich, and on my last visit, the special which was sea scallops over risotto and asparagus - it was delicious!  I highly recommend the Tavern on Camac (TOC) for the people, the piano, the tavern fare, and the element of history!The upstairs on weekends varies quite differently from the downstairs/main floor. There is a restaurant below the main floor and a nice bar. The main floor has a piano player singing and playing various tunes with a nice crowd of people mostly 30 and up. The upstairs is the dance floor and there usually is a line to enter after 11pm, as the room only can fit so many. The crowd is usually 20somethings to early 30's, maybe a few in other age categories. The owners, manager, and bartenders are very friendly, no attitude. I just want people who have never visited to know what the place is like. Yes you will find a few stray 20somethings downstairs at the piano or 2 bars, but it's mostly 30+, differing drastically from the upstairs. Very nice place, and it's homey to me.Micheal Sheston was the most amazing and friendly waiter Tavern on Camac has! Come visit him and tip him lots of money!!Tavern on Camac is simply just a good gay bar. No drama, no one bother's you, unless it's to be nice, and the drinks are strong and cheap (vodka and cranberry is like 4 bucks). The downstairs is more of a chill, sit around and sing along atmosphere with a piano player, while the upstairs is more of a nightclub. There is never a cover charge, which is the biggest plus of them all!I have been in TOC many times and just now reminded myself to leave a review. First of all, where else can you get delicious food, karaoke, almost professional quality show tunes at a really fun piano bar, and a full on house/beat/techno Dj and dance space all in the same building? Depending on the day/night/time you go TOC is all these things and more.
The same is true for your fellow customers you might run into here, depending on the time it could be your straight-laced boss, or the most Drag of all drag queens in the city! So Fun...  love the staff, love the space, love the vibe, all of it. 
Be warned, if you are going to dance on a weekend night it can get PACKED up there ;)This place is a great place to grab a drink - great environment and decor. The best thing about it tho is the piano bar. There's one guy who plays on Mondays (I forget his name but he wears glasses and sometimes high heels) that is especially great. He makes all the 80s and 90s hits into super campy piano-bar songs (and he has a great voice!), and lets folks sing karaoke style. Some patrons have amazing voices too! GOOD TIMES!The greatest bar in America.  Simple as that.
ToC was probably the first bar I visited after I turned 21.  It was awesome then.  It's continues to be awesome today.
Why?  Because it's casual, unpretentious, and -- most of all -- SO MUCH FUN.
ToC is practically an amusement park, with something for everyone.  The main level has a piano bar with some of the best tunes in town.  The bartenders are sweethearts, the drinks are cheap, and there is *never* a cover.  Want to sing showtunes all night with a bunch of drunk strangers?  I can't think of anywhere else to do it.
The bottom level is Terra, their in-house restaurant.  It already has its own listing on Yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz/terra-philadelphia), so I won't go into the details here.  Needless to say, Chef Eric's food is superlative, and the staff (especially bartender Tony!) are the coolest guys in the 215.
The top level is the nightclub (its latest moniker: the Ascend Lounge).  On a Wednesday night, I played a naughty version of Family Feud with a bunch of friends.  On a Friday night, I danced 'til close.  The space is small, but the mirrored walls make it feel spacious.  The music and deejays are my favorite -- mostly pop tunes but with an excellent beat.  The bartenders keep the complimentary shots flowing.  It's just heaven.
ToC is my desert-island bar.  If I could just have one bar to take with me, please let it be ToC.  Pretty please?I really have mixed feelings about this place....
The dancing and people watching are pretty epic, but sometimes people get carried away. 
The bartenders are quite rude and act like they could care less if you're there or not.
Also, no glasses of water, only bottles. It makes me angry, I could have collapsed on the floor and died and the bartender would have still given me attitude and no water.
I may give this place yet another chance, because I love piano bars and dance clubs where the guys aren't trying to grind you.