Ready to wait? If so, then this is the place for you. Pretty cool atmosphere but the food was not so cool. My partner ordered the chicken cheese steak and I ordered baby back ribs with sweet potato fries and apple slaw. We also got the mushroom fries which were ok but a little too greasy for me. The ribs were not worth the cost at all. They were decent but a small portion, the sweet potato fries were over fried and the apple slaw was well interesting. The best thing about my partner's sandwich was the price. The service was terrible, we waited a very long time before we got our check and the waitress barely ever checked on us. This is your place if you don't mind waiting or order a decently priced sandwich or you can overpay for some mediocre ribs.Thrilled that this place is just a few blocks from my apartment.  My wife and I had dinner there on Friday night and were pretty impressed.  
The ambiance was great, the food was quality and the prices were actually reasonable (for Chestnut Hill).  We ordered the pulled beef sandwich with aioli dressing, a burger, spicy fries and portobello fries as a starter (awesome).  Also had the chocolate bread pudding cake for dessert and coffee (which was apparently from the Chestnut Hill Coffee Co. next door).  All were delicious.  The spicy fries were a bit intense for my liking (especially when eating a full plate of them), but were good nonetheless.  Cheap beer, too.  $3.50 for Kenzinger pints.  Score.  (Apparently they have 1/2 price drafts at happy hour from 5-7 M-Th.)
The service was quick and friendly.  Our server brought us a takeout menu and Chestnut Hill guide when we told her we had just moved into the neighborhood.
Overall, a great spot.  It's simple-ish and unpretentious but much nicer and more cozy than your average pub.  This place might just be our default in Chestnut Hill for a while ...I feel like the biggest jerk for living near Tavern on the Hill all these years and never stopping in until yesterday. We had dinner there last night, and it was a fantastic experience. We felt so welcome, by the owners, the staff, and the other patrons, that we are sure to be back soon. 
TH is a very small bar/restaurant that is easy to miss. There are probably 12 or so seats at the bar, and maybe 8 tables in the dining, and the aesthetic is a warm, country tavern sort of feel. 
We sat at the end of the bar, next where the owner was standing, unbeknownst to us. We started chatting about food, and we mentioned that my wife doesn't like mushrooms. He said, "if I send you out some of our mushroom fries for free, will you try them." Of course, we happily agreed, but my wife was skeptical. He brought them out shortly after, she tried them, and had to concede that she liked them! And well she should: they were amazing. They are basically portobello caps sliced, breaded, and fried, served with a mushroom aioli. Don't miss these. He also sent us out a free order of their summer slaw, which was amazing.
We read all of the Yelp reviews beforehand, so we knew that people love the wings and burger here, so we went for them. Good choice. This is seriously one of the best burgers in the city, and I travel around the city looking for the best burgers. They marinate the meat overnight, and whatever their marinade is is perfect--it imparts a subtle flavor to the meat, but doesn't get in the way. The bread and cheese here are also very high quality. Don't miss the wings, either. They are triple cooks (roasted, grilled, and fried) for the perfect texture. Again, a very unique, special dish. 
They are also open late for dinner, and have a special $9 after 9 menu, where certain fully composed plates (fish and chips; steak, mashed potatoes, and a vegetable; etc) are only $9. That's a killer deal, especially for people like us who always go out late.
All the while we were enjoying our food, the bartender was keeping our glasses full with some top-tier gin. He was such a nice guy. They really pour hard here, so you get your money's worth on liquor drinks. 
We also met some really nice regulars, including a local musician. Someone said in another review that this is not the place to come if you don't like to socialize. That seems to be true, at least at the bar. Luckily, we love to socialize. 
Anyway, if you are still reading: 1) apologies for my verbosity, and 2) definitely check this place out. We plan to be back shortly.What a great find.  Stopped on in after enjoying the stag and doe night, let me just say, I am glad I stopped.  If you have a problem with rubbing elbows with people, then this is not the place for you.  It is very cozy.  The staff was very welcoming and polite.  I had the french onion soup which was AMAZING!!!! as well as the tender roast beef with horseradish sauce.    Every plate around us looked tasty and fantastic.  I will be visiting again to try these other dishes.Very small intimate place with a piano player to set the mood. I went there with a friend to grab a drink and it was casual but elegant. I have yet to sit down and eat but look forward too it some time soon.The food was very good but the service was absolutely terrible.  One woman was serving the whole room.  She was working hard but all over the place.  There was a gentleman standing by the kitchen who would fill get glasses of water ready for her and bring food from the kitchen to a station for her but he never served any food to the tables.  I don't understand why they have a guy just standing there 75% of the time while customers are sitting there looking at their food, and waiting forever to get it.I live 3 blocks from this restaurant, and I go here frequently for dinner, drinks and live music.  This small storefront establishment has excellent food and a varied menu.  The bar is in the front, and an intimate dining room is in the rear.  The entrees are priced in the 20 dollar range and can include steaks, duck, pork chops, seafood entrees, fish and chips, and there are several specials each night.  The burgers are very good and the fish&chips are superb. Service is excellent.  Every Friday evening there is live music, usually a solo piano player named Reverend Chris Marsceill.  He's a great New Orleans-style pianist and as a member of his larger band, I come here monthly with my sax and I play along with Chris, later in the evening after the big dinner rush.  The restaurant has live music many Saturdays, as well, such as a guitar duo or folk/ jazz singing duo.  Chestnut Hill is a great urban neighborhood with a lovely, walkable main street (Germantown Avenue), and this is one of the best places to eat in Chestnut Hill.  Highly recommended.Love the food.  Can't stand the weekend music.  Reverend Chris needs to update his repertoire and skills.   It's only because people are working on a buzz that this hack still works there because no one really listens to this crap.  I get the Katrina survivor schtick but this guy must be servicing the staff in other ways to remain employed here for so long.  It's either that or they are hearing impaired or tone deaf.   Staff is good.  Food is good.  Ambience is good.   Please get rid of that tiresome commercial hack.  It's the reason that I never go there on weekends.  I really miss the old days.I live in the Chestnut Hill area and I've found myself over the past year or so stopping by at this charming place over and over again.  The food is head and shoulders above the usual fare at most taverns or pubs.  I've had some excellent specials on the menu and the filet was amazing.  This is a very friendly hangout with a wide variety of people who hang out  there.  They also have live music every so often.  The host, John, is always genial, gentlemanly and welcoming.  I highly recommend this place for a pleasant night out and some really good food.  Try the specials!I was very impressed with the food here. I will certainly be back again. The atmosphere was also pleasant as it was not too loud and I was able to enjoy my time with friends.Went there for dinner tonight. All three of us had a bad meal. The fish tacos were bland - just fried fish, cabbage and sour cream - no salsa or sauce. The burger was supposed to be medium rare, it was just rare. The veal Parmesan was completely dry. Definitely disappointing.Great spot! Feels like you went back in time (in a good way) as far as atmosphere. The food is delicious and the service is great. Not the fastest but really nice people. Try the pulled beef sandwhich or the turkey and brie. Yum!Went for dinner on Tuesday. They have done wonders.  We had the mushroom appetizer - awesome, filets and the bq pork. Everything is wonderful.  The atomosphere is great and the place is really good!My favorite place to eat in Chesnut Hill. It's a little small but that is part of the charm. It's a great place in the fall / winter. They always have interesting options on the menu and great specials. It's more of a neighborhood place where you can avoid the touristy crowds of Chesnut Hill.My husband and daughters and I had lunch at the tavern for the first time today. I was really happy with the service and the food. Upon walking in they were warm and chatted with my 3yo daughter and asked about the baby. Could there be anything nicer then your waitress calling you "love" and "darlin"?? I ordered a grilled chix sandwich with roasted red peppers, spinach and melted provolone on a toasted kaiser and it was really good. Just about every restaurant has a version of this sandwich and this one was great. My husband got a cheeseburger with fries and said it was really good and had nice fresh veggies. My daughter got the tortilla chip crusted chicken fingers and she ate just about the whole thing! We will definitely be back for the thanksgiving sandwich as almost everyone in the restaurant ordered it! Nice place.Tasty food, nice atmosphere, slow service...overall info says bad for kids, but ours came with and it was no problem!this is such a neat place. The food is diverse and interesting, the service is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and the whole ambiance is cozy and warm. I was there on a night when they had live music, and it was just really wonderful. Also, they have pineapples hidden all over the restaurant which is just quirky and fun. It can get a bit crowded but it's worth it.Went Thurs 10/12  Excellent service.  Live dinner music.  Excellent mushroom appetizers, salads, and awesome fall of the bone bq ribs.We ended up here after our first choice down the street was way too crowded. We walked in to a similar level of crowdedness at the bar but made it to the dining area to be greeted by whom I presume was the owner, Jack. Just our luck a reserved table hadn't shown up so we were promptly seated. Even so Jack promised a seat at a smaller table that would have been fine as well. This is a small dining area with a long bar when you first enter, cozy and comfortable , loaded mostly with locals I suspect. Our waitress was prompt, very pleasant and service was spot on. We ordered 2 beers and a wine, pondering the menu. I opted for the pulled beef with side of horseradish sauce based off another Yelp review and my daughter and friend ordered the turkey with cranberry on pumpernickel with a side of sweet potato fries. Food came out in good time, piping hot and oh my delicious ! Just as promised in other reviews, these sandwiches were the best and there wasn't a thing left on our plates. The owner came over to chat and talk about a guessing game they had on the table . On our way out, other waitstaff made a point to say goodbye and thanked us for coming.
I always think if a place is frequented by locals there is a good reason and it was true again on this establishment . Great service, good homey comfort food, nice people . We will return when visiting the area again . Really 4 1/2 stars!small, cozy, welcoming...good food and draft beer selection.Pretty good place overall. Fish and chips were excellent. House salad was ok. Must have read the menu wrong because I thought they made ALL their salad dressings here. I'm pretty sure the blue cheese was not house made.
Cute spot in a nice area.I was extremely disappointed by the pretentious environment and condescending behavior. After the bartender got my drink order wrong at the bar he mocked the tip for my $9 purchase (which should have been $6 if he got the order right). He actually pulled a fellow diner of mine aside to make a derogatory comment about my company. I will never go back to this place.Went here a while ago and have been meaning to write a review.
Dined here on a weekend night with friends. 
Acceptable wait time for a table for such a night.
Nice cozy small bar with a great mixed neighborhood clientele.
Nice beer choices, the food was excellent.
I had the lamb burger special, or of this world. I cannot remember what else we ordered since it was a few months ago.  Suffice it to say, everything was excellent and we will definitely be returning soon.Great meal with my wife and our 3 teens. Fish and chips, turkey melt, goat cheese salad, sweet potato fries, ribs, burger all excellent. Kathy our server was warm, friendly, and knowledgeable. We plan to become regulars!I have had both lunch and dinner here. Its a real gem.  cozy like an English pub with great food- both your standard pub burgers and wings which are awesome, but also entrees of lamb, fish, chicken and steak dishes - and vegetarian-- that are delicious and creative with great sides and veggies.  really cute and welcoming place, staff is great.  we will be back!WONDERFUL place! A bartender named Wendy was awesome! Neighborhood gem with AMAZING menu, truly exceptional food for a spot that can feel as casual and friendly like Cheers or great for family or dressed up for a date in the dining room area. Year after year the Tav team continue to impress - thanks!I've eaten/imbibed here maybe 10 times since their "restoration", and our visit last Saturday night was the best.  We spent some time at the bar waiting for friends, and the drinks were substantial and very good.  The person behind the bar was more of a mixologist than a bartender, offering a nice variation on my wife's Sidecar. My Manhattan was very good as well.  
I had the Fried Oysters appetizer on the specials board, which were perfectly crispy on the outside and delicious all the way thru. Fellow diners had the Stuffed Mushrooms with Shrimp and Bacon app, again, very good (but not a good as my oysters).  One friend had the Shrimp/Vegi soup which consumed quickly and with little slurping.  He was pleased with the flavor and consistency.
As an entree I had the fluke with honey citrus sauce, but got the sauce on the side.  The fish didn't need it, it was excellently spiced and prepared.  I heard good comments about the filet tips as well.  Our waiter, Henry, was very accommodating and put up with our occasionally raucous behavior.   All-in-all great drinks, food and experience.We tried this place today and was pleasantly surprised how great the food and service was. We ordered the French onion soup,  crab cake sandwich , lamb burger which were all delicious.  This  cozy place is a true gem in Chestnut Hill.This is just a neighborhood place where you can get a nice lunch or dinner, not break the bank and have a good experience.  Whether at the bar or in the back dining area, it feels homey and just right.  The food is standard pub fare, and I say that as a compliment.  My server, Maureen, was super super friendly and attentive to me and my date....my four year old daughter.  The chocolate milk was cold and dark.  Not that I drank half of it, or anything like that.
I had the tuna sandwich, and it was really good....but my daughter's grilled cheese, not on the menu, was damn good.  Fries, chips, beer, good tunes, friendly staff.....c'mon.  sweet.I've only had a few menu items but every single one was heavenly.
Their burgers are the best I've had (outside of my own recipe). The deserts were amazing.
I haven't actually eaten in the Tavern yet ... I'll update if I ever have time to do so but I love this place's food!Food was good, but for over $200 for four, there are many other places with better atmosphere and food, and service.  Service was so horrific that we only left a 10% tip, way too generous in my opinion.  On the way out we mentioned to the owner that the service left something to be desired.  He told us if we didn't like it, we should go to McSorleys.  Nice attitude.  We would never go back, nor recommend it to anyone.A quaint little spot with the friendliest staff and rich,  hearty food. The pineapple theme is playful yet done classily. Highlights: the pork sandwich, and portabella mushroom fries.
Some of the prices are a bit high for what you get. Not a fan of the ribsWent to lunch there yesterday after not wanting to stay at Valley Green Inn because of two large parties. The Tavern was quaint but cold inside as someone, the owner or a worker were always going in and out the back door where the dining room sat. It was a long wait after my bf got his lukewarm clam chowder and our lunch was served. Only one waitress, who was pleasant, but couldn't describe the lunch that I ordered which were two very over cooked and very thin chicken strips with 2 tsps of very cold black beans served on the side and some dipping sause with a little lettice. It was an appetizer but  small for $9. My bf ordered the the Greek Salad which was a Special. That was tasty but no anchovies, egg or pepper. And of course no bread or rolls were even offered. I don't get it that a lot of restaurants do not even ask. They however, should just bring. Don't know why it took close to 1/2 hour for our food. Place was not that busy at 1pm on a Monday and the bar was empty. I was still hungry when I left and went next door for a slice of pizza and to get warm. Definitely would not go back,, so many other places to go.When this tavern first opened, I had a hard time convincing my wife to go there. It took about 4 or 5 times of going there for her to realize that this was to be our favorite restaurant ever. We like to have real meals, that include a vegetable. Typical tavern fare often lacks this basic vital element of a meal. We have been going there now for at least a couple years, and we are never disappointed. On the rare occasion that is dish is not to our liking, they ALWAYS make sure we are satisfied.
The chef has an excellent grasp on the nuances of food. He really gets the details right.
Thursday and Friday nights feature live music, and it is always a delight. I always make sure I give a good tip to the musicians. After 9 PM, they no longer serve entrees, but they have their "$9 after nine" menu. It's a small selection of downsized entrees for $9, plus they still serve appetizers, sandwiches, and salads.
If you are there before 9 PM, the specials board usually has at least three entrees not on the regular menu, and they are always extraordinary.
The staff here all seem to love their jobs. The atmosphere is always upbeat and friendly.
We keep saying that we should go somewhere else for dinner once in a while, but we always end up going to our favorite Tavern on the Hill.My wife and I really love going to this place.  The food is excellent, atmosphere is friendly and great, and the prices are spot on.  The chef there really comes up with some creative specials on a daily basis, but even the normal menu items (like burgers, fries, soups, etc.) are really good.  This place BY FAR has the best buffalo wings I have ever had.  Now, you might have just read that as this place has really good buffalo wings.  What I said was, "This place *BY FAR* has the best buffalo wings I have ever had."  Call me predictable, but I order them 9 out of 10 times I go to the restaurant.
Great place!This is my local, because it's friendly and cosy, and the bartender is awesome. They've got delicious sweet potato fries! Everyone loves the burgers. They have unique soup specials. You can usually get a seat at the bar, and they've also got a nice table area for meals.What's with all the negativity already?  This is our favorite haunt in Chestnut Hill.  The food's really good and affordable, the dining room cool, the jazz and swing hot, and the service respectable and friendly.  What's not to like?I was hoping for better. We've only been there once, but the waiter was eh and the late menu was eh. The fact that it was so crowded is a testament to the need for a decent pub/tavern in Chestnut Hill - but this ain't it.Last night I had the Pulled pork sandwich l, it was fantastic.  The drinks were made perfectly.  And the atmosphere was cozy, everything decorated with pineapples. Only complaint is that they didn't have pineapples in the menu :DWe avoided this place for the longest time, thinking it looked too exclusive. Our mistake. The staff is friendly, the food is tasty and the bar is classy. Very cozy upscale (but not too upscale, to the point of being uncomfortable) spot. Best bar at the top of the hill for sure!I tried this spot after slinking out of a horrible tavern in town. I'm new to the area so I made the mistake of not checking Yelp beforehand. None the less the night was saved the moment I walked through the door of this great place. 
The little bar with fantastic music and great bartenders are only part of the reason to stop in. The food is reportedly amazing we only had dessert and it was fantastic. Their mixed drinks (especially the Gone With The Wind) are really fun as well. 
I am so happy to have found this spot. Any place where people are reading and playing chess at any given time at the bar makes it a great find for this girl!My sister and I walked in and all 3 of the servers stood by the bar and said nothing to us until 2 minutes later when we asked if we should seat ourselves, the server  asked if we wanted a table. Duh!! We then changed our minds and walked out because the mood was killed. We wont go back!Servers were super sweet, and attentive without being overbearing.  My drink was just ok--I've had better Manhattans in my life.  Crowd was mixed young and old.  Not especially kid friendly, but I didn't see an overwhelming reason not to bring them.  The food was fine--nothing you can't get everywhere else, nothing especially exciting, but nothing supremely disappointing.  Dinner for four with an appetizer, 6 drinks, 4 entrees/specials, and a couple desserts ran about $200 with tip, but for that price, I'm used to getting something much more interesting on my plate/in my glass.   TOTH was the choice of the least adventerous eater in our group, who ADORES it.  It was predictable food with nice service.  If that's what you want, this is your place, but I think life is too short not to explore the fabulous dining options Philly offers.My boyfriend and I are regulars here, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming and the food is delicious!  Gerard cooks the best chicken wings in Philadelphia (my BF says best in the world!). Our other favourites are the fillet mignon, pulled beef and horseradish, and spicy fries, which are scrumptious!  If you have room after all that, the rice pudding is delicious!So I have an update to add to the Tavern. Recently my schedule has changed and I go in the evenings more. If you are looking for a comfortable quiet evening place, the Tavern is not going to work! It's always packed at night - good for them though!I was at Tavern on the Hill last night and it was amazing to say the least. I had a salmon special that rocked my world and my friend had the new york strip special that was also great.. Service was good and we had a server who was pleasant and very polite. We actually got a chance to talk to the owner and one of the chefs. The tavern itself is very warm and seats a small amount of people. The bar was crowded and looked like it was doing some good business. I love this place and will def go back in the future. I may even take friends there for christmas. Thanks Tavern on the Hill for the great eating experience. You rock!!!!A hometown favorite. Sweet potato fries I dream about, paired with the turkey and Brie? Always a win. Service is consistently pleasant and attentive.This place is a cute little place for a bite. I have been there twice and took advantage of the 9 after 9 menu. It's there lower price menu they offer after 9 pm Last night i had the petite steak and veggies. It was a small portion dish but it was good. 
The staff was kind and attentive. I would recommend this placeSolid go to place on the avenue. sandwiches are always decent. Service is polite, efficient and friendly. French onion soup is my go to there. My wife frequents the bar for happy hour with her close friend and they love the bartender.I brought my family here for lunch.  We all ordered the Fish & Chips entree.  On the menu, it is listed under 'sandwiches'.  The food came out hot and the portions were just right - three pieces of fish on a bed of fries (chips).  Fish was done perfectly and was very fresh; even though the batter was slightly on the thick side.   Our Server was very attentive - making sure my wife's glass was refilled when needed.  Server was very good with children also; - so overall excellent service.   We will definitely be making a return trip.I stopped in here while visiting in Chestnut Hill and had the specials on the board, the duck confit and apple stuff pork chops. They were delicious, as was the cold curry soup and stuffed mushrooms. I loved the atmosphere too. We will be coming back again.Good cheeseburger. ..and turkey sandwich on pumpernickel. Sweet, cozy atmosphere, excellent, relaxed service. Highly recommended!Great local small restaurant/ bar with so much character and heart. We love Lea as our waitress. She's the best! Tasty food. Drinks can be a little pricy but that's Chestnuthill for you. I like to get the fish tacos, beet and goat cheese salad or the tuna sandwich with cheddar and apple slices. My husband is a chicken cheesesteak guy. Portabello mushroom fries are super tasty also with shaved parmesan on them.We are just finishing our dinner and it was delicious.  The Irish stew is a winner and if you like spinach do try the spinach ravioli.  Also try the hazelnut bread pudding.  A really delicious dinner!!!
Our waitress, Kathy, was most gracious and informative.  The place is tiny and if arriving after six, suggest a reservation. Our daughter gave us a Christmas gift certificate which we really appreciate. We will return again.It is small, so many nights the dining room is packed.  The bar is nice, but it is also small -- seats about a dozen.  The smallness makes everyone a little closer, and this is definitely a neighborhood spot.  I couldn't count the times we've been here, and disappointments have been rare (but be a little cautious on expensive specials).  The Tavern's hamburger with sauteed spinach is the best hamburger I've ever had in Philadelphia.  The sweet potato fries are often very good, but unfortunately a little inconsistent, touchy buggers that they must be.  The people are wonderful.Tavern on the Hill has probably the best burgers in the area Hands Down. A little pricey but well worth it.
Our server was this super sweet waitress named Leah. She made the experience all the more pleasant. I think for my burger cravings, and just to have a casual, and laid back good time, Tavern is my new spot!Love this place! Best wings in the city, great service and a menu that anyone (including vegs) would find delish!  A favorite hangout with friendly folks, warm atmosphere and fabu beer and wine selection. DO NOT LEAVE without trying the wings and spicy fries!Tried this place yesterday for the first time after living in the area 27 year (after the chestnut hill holiday house tour). Usually our go-to is McNallys right next door but there was a wait there and on top of that, my last experience there was not so great. The Tavern's decor is soooo much nicer and the 3 of us were immediately seated at a perfect table in the back right near a small fireplace. The wine list is much better than McNally's and when my first glass didn't work out ( Riesling described as semi-dry was actually terribly sweet) our waitress brought me a taste of another white (Vouvray) and then happily swapped out the Riesling. We split the stuffed mushrooms ( awesome).  Two had chili ($10) one had French onion soup ($8) and we were all very happy. 
The service was excellent. Looking forward to going back!Staff is efficient and friendly. The mushroom fries are terrific! Definitely nice quiet place to relax before the concert.I've been coming here about once a week for a year now and I'm yet to have a bad experience. I'm always warmly welcomed and feel very well taken care of while I'm there. The happy hour is fantastic with half priced drinks coupled with their generous pours, and never a long wait for a drink. Another thing I love about this place is that there are so many different types of people that go in there. Everybody is welcome. 
Oh, and the burger  is (in my opinion) the best on the Hill. I just can't get enough of this place! The staff is so friendly and even the owner makes sure he thanks you for coming in. Very "Cheers" place:)This feels like a local hang out. Very good food-fresh and delicious, homey pub-like ambience, Very friendly staff, funny and prompt. 
Just beware of the upgrades from chips to fries. They cost extra. 
Also the extras on your burgers cost, so ask before you buy. Not that the extras and upgrades aren't worth it they totally are, but the cost will take you by surprise if  you don't ask.Went for drinks and snacks and its in a very cute area of Chestnut Hill.  Small, pub-like establishment with seating in the back.  The beer options were very good.  Had portobello mushroom fries with garlic Marsala aioli...very good.  The French onion soup received good reviews as well. Service was very good by a single waitress.  Overall a good experience.  Would go back.Great meal this evening - new favorite spot - fish tacos fabulous and portabella 
mushroom sandwich near perfection. 
Nice to experience portion sizes as they should be and once were, before most 
establishments incrementally began to 
contribute to America's misguided trend 
of eating more than our share at the world's food table. Delicious pineapple  upside down cake left us wanting more - but once again glad to have shared a single portion of desert not an oversized slice where eating "half" equates to eating an entire piece. Waitress awesome as well !! 
Nancy B.Always a great meal!  Love the atmosphere, staff and the live music is always fantastic!!  Cozy place.Drink , food , service, atmosphere , music! Perfect, simply one of the best. Eat in the lovely dining room near a beautiful fireplace that takes you back to an old English pub , or chat it up with any of the great characters at the bar and enjoy fresh, unique delicious 
Meals at either! The cocktails are fantastic always and the vibe is the real deal. An all time favorite!Recent special of roasted and grilled chicken (don't ask me how) was really good and not overpriced at $16-$17. Good place to face the start of the blizzard on a Friday night, the room and the bar filled up and everyone was in a special mood, including the staff. Love it.Love this place! The homey atmosphere makes you feel like you instantly fit in and the friendly service also makes it a real winner. One of my first nights in Chestnut Hill I visited the Tavern with some friends and when the owner learned that we were new to the area he quickly ordered us a round of drinks on the house! I also spent New Years Eve here and it was such a nice time...tons of champagne at midnight and the crowd was so friendly and fun! So much better than a jam packed bar downtown. I have to say though that there is usually an older crowd here but nonetheless everyone is very friendly and welcoming!
As for food, I love their bbq wings because they are absolutely huge and the sauce is oh so good! The spinach and egg salad is also yummy and all of their dressings are homemade which doesn't hurt! You definitely can't beat their $9 after 9pm menu which has an amazing petite filet with potatoes and veggies!! Best deal on the ave by far! 
The Tavern is a great place for a drink, dinner with friends, date night, or even a quiet dinner alone! Be sure to stop in...you won't be disappointed!Love this spot, they have the most banging wings around.  Slow roasted and just awesome.Odd identity crisis.  Am I a friendly neighborhood bar or a swanky white tablecloth fine dining establishment?  I'm too small to be both but I''l try anyway.  The food is awesome but still a little overpriced.  The bar has a great vibe but a pretty ho-hum beer collection compared to every other bar on the hill.  Fun people though and always a good time.This is our favorite local go to place. The regular menu items are terrific and the nightly specials are always spectacular ! A decent selection of beers and the bartenders ability to make a great drink really round out the place.As I sit, with my big old glass of cab and eating my portabello fries, I ponder the meaning of life.  I'm pretty sure I found it.  Portobello fries and wine.  If you  go here and do not try these, you will have missed out on one of lifes joys (and possibly a new wonder of the world).  I also had the pulled beef sandwich with horseradish cream and OMG. OMG, did I write OMG yet?  Plus the bartender was a little hottie!  It's small and gets crowded fast, but worth every second if you have to wait.  GET THE PORTOBELLO FRIES IMMEDIATELY.  Make sure you grab a glass of wine as well!If there's any place that pulls off the tavern aesthetic, its this one. Amazing! So dark, so cozy. Maybe if they had a fireplace it would be better. It feels like my living room, but with better food, that comes to me, that I pay for. Good times!
Very friendly waitress, the turkey cranberry brie sandwich does indeed taste like "a little thanksgiving." And only like $8!
I think the side of potato chips could have been, you know, mayyybe just a bit more upscale. But I scrunched them and added to the sandwich. You know, when life gives you lays, you make laymonade.
Highly recommend.Lice this place very top of Chestnut Hill end great ambiance & staff.  Food is always good.  Try the dry rub wingsI bought a $100 gift card for my parents for Christmas. They never received the gift card. I called the restaurant 3 times on this issue over the course of two and a half weeks. They never contacted me back, though every single time they said they would. I also emailed them the receipt of my purchase, after telling them on the phone I would, to no response. What a terrible place. Do not dine here, as they clearly are thieves.This is a fabulous spot in Chestnut Hill. Every time we've come here so far, the experience is cozy, and the food is divine. Thank you to the chef for your amazing dishes and for changing it up!What an evening! Perfect food, perfect manhattans and sublime music. I think 
Cole would have loveleyed here!There is always a good reason to eat & drink here. Great food and amazing staff. My version of CheersHad a great dinner. Our friend said that "the food was fabulous". Have to agree with that.I just had the worst experience ever at this place. The burger was okay, but the customer service was terrible. The lady at the bar got angry when we asked for separate checks, AND SHE THREW HER PEN AT US. When all of us decided to pay with credit card, she said, "Why don't you just make things easy on me and pay with cash?" My friends were generous and tipped her $1 each. While walking out, she said, "Really, a dollar? We make $3 an hour!"A little gem of a place! great bartender..I think his name is anthony (weekends) limited but varied menu..attentive staff..food was excellent, quality, from scratch tavern fare. Burger was really good, portabella fries..unique and yummy! beet and goat cheese salad.a little big but excellent...vibe was great.. a total mix of generations, all having a good time..great, real beer selection...felt like neighborhood but we are not from there and still felt totally welcome and part of the crowd! wanna go back and wish it was closer..wish it was in my neighborhood..BUT actually gonna be a destination for us!!