Fairmount NEEDED a Tela's so, so badly. Well, now we've got one - a local market, that is. The vibe inside is so cool! They usually have, oddly enough, what I am looking for, which is rare for a small, neighborhood market. The staff is great. The selection is great. I do, however, have one 'complaint'.
It seems to me that their meat and seafood is not the greatest. I know little about the craft, but as a consumer, I tend to look for marbled, moist meat. For some reason, Tela's meat looks dry and lacks in marbling. It just doesn't look like meat that I am used to from local farms and even Whole Foods. It would be really cool if Tela's kind of limited their fresh product (To eliminate waste) and partnered with local farms to sell quality, frozen meats. Kind of like Green Isle Grocery in Passyunk. But hey, maybe I am wrong. Maybe I am looking at the meat selection incorrectly. Regardless, I still frequent [almost] daily and try to support them over Whole Foods.
They also have a cafe where you can order drinks and food. So to my above point regarding their meats, I have always enjoyed their food. Maybe it's in my head.
Anyway, just give them a shot and I'm sure they won't disappoint!Awesome breakfast spot that will get you in and out. We had the banana French toast and the bagel and lox and it was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. 
Didn't care for the communal seating but it's not so bad if you beat the rush.I love everything about this place BUT they play the worst music. Very unfitting for the environment. Mostly disco and 70s party music played way too loudly. It always taints my experience. I still visit because the food and coffee are great but wish they'd consider that people don't want "Stayin' Alive" blaring at them at 9am on a Sunday. Change the music and turn it down.Solid quick brunch spot. The potatoes are delicious and crispy. Make sure to get here early though because seating may be hard to come by, but well worth it.So let me start with the Reuben sandwich I ordered to go. Delicious!!! I brought it back to work, ten minutes later I took it out of the To Go box " yes cool recyclable box" and it was still crisply grilled, melted in my mouth perfect!! I wish it was bigger it was so good. I also got a artichoke salad from the pre made food and have been craving it ever since.  They are new and seem to be working the crinks out of there system.  Can't wait to oh back!!! Also the chef will give you simple yummy cooking suggestions for your meat and fish purchases!!!!Great family place. Comfort food. Always fresh and quickly made. They only need to get a diaper changer for all of the babies that used to passing by.So I stopped in here between dog walks one day and I was blown away by the friendly staff and the menu. What an awesome little place on the corner of 19th and Fairmount! I just had tea and a snack but I can't wait to try some of their sandwiches and salads. All the food I saw looked great! Well-stocked grocery section too if you're in the area.This place is WAY expensive.   I just stopped by.  $4/pound for Jersey peaches!  Same local peaches are .99/pound at Reading Terminal and many supermarkets!  
$1.00 for a single lime. Geez. 
The cheeses are $20-$30/pound.  
Too rich for my blood.  
I thought Whole Foods was bad.  This place is a bit ridiculous.  I thought a new neighborhood place would be convenient. But I get so frustrated every time I've come here hoping to find reasonable prices.Tela's! What a gift to the Francisvile/East Fairmount crowd! Your food is delicious, you carry seltzer in every flavor, and you have made it possible to buy something as simple as an onion without trudging to Whole Foods. Thank you! You also have lovely staff, who are friendly and helpful, and I noticed that your registers do not swing around for tipping purposes (like some of the other shops in the area that also use iPads). I always want to tip, but I do not always carry change or singles. Is it possible to include on-screen tipping in the future? PS, your egg sandwich is the best egg sandwich I have EVER had. It is amazing.This place is fantastic -- and a godsend to those in the Fairmount area who wish to avoid the havoc that is Whole Foods or Trader Joe's (especially on the weekends!)
It is a slightly far "hike" for us -- as we live closer to the Art Museum -- but we have made several visits to this restaurant/market. 
We have never been disappointed.
The prepared food (the sandwiches, soups, etc.) have always been fantastic.  As are the coffee, the bagels, etc.  (The french bread they have is absolutely awesome.  We sometimes make the "trek" just for that!).
As for produce, the selection is superb .  As a small anecdote, a couple weekends ago my wife was going to make a dish that required -- of all things -- leeks.  Again, this was on a weekend -- in the afternoon nonetheless -- and I thought to myself "Well, I guess we'll have to spend an hour getting in and out of Whole Foods to get these damn leeks".  Sure enough -- Tila's had them!  (Saving me a good hour of our weekend -- and all the aggravations of going to Whole Foods on a crowded weekend).
We have had similar instances where we need some key ingredient or item -- and sure enough -- Tila's had it.
Again -- for Fairmount -- Tila's is exactly what we needed.Tela's opened up down the street from my house a few months ago and i have to say this place is perfect in the clutch for anything. 
Their sandwiches and specialty plates are great, there's so many options and varieties that no matter what mood you are in, they have you covered.
Their coffee is on point, and the staff is really nice and willing to help you out in any way. In addition to coffee and made to order food, they also have a butcher shop, fresh produce and any other specialty needs for cooking. They get bread from local bakeries and have a pretty decent cheese selection. I gotta say this place is nice, a bit expensive, but it really helps out the neighborhood and is a great place to go eat and get some work done, in a non coffeehouse setting.The coffee bar is fantastic. The breakfast sandwiches are some of the best on Fairmount. The cheese selection is well curated. And the butcher knows his stuff. So why did I give only 3 stars? 
Because every time I need one basic pantry item from the market they don't have it and I'm forced to walk all the way down to WFM.
Seriously this place would be perfect if they worked on their grocery selection. Ditch some of the specialty goods that are only good for impulse buys and bring in some real pantry items that people will actually need!
Edit: I just want to add that I really want this place to succeed. It's a great shop and they have the right mindset. The grocery part of it is a big turn off for me.I have been to Tela's about 4 times since I moved to the area. The food is really good and the people that work there are SO nice! It is a little pricey but everything tastes fresh. Love having the Market so close to my house, perfect place to pick up a few quick items or to pick up speciality items for a dinner party.Tela's continues to improve and standout as the go to fresh food, quick service place in the neighborhood! I've been getting the catch of the day lately and it is always fresh and deliciously paired with veggies. It's also always changing, so even though I'm craving the dish I had last week, the one I'm having today always makes up for it. Kids options are on point too. Noo-noos and cheese, PB&J always solid and plenty for 2 little ones to share. Staff is also great as I wrangle my kids and get settled at a table. Thanks Tela's!Food is great, reasonably priced, and not packed. Sit down service could be improved (a little slow and don't bring food at the same time).I have eaten at Tela's on several occasions.  The food is always exceptional and service is outstanding.  The BEST part of the Tela's experience is the manager Karl who is always accommodating his customers above and beyond!   Thank you for giving us a great eating and shopping experience!Need fresh produce, meat, fish for dinner. Perfect or just sit down for breakfast lunch or dinner!There's nothing that I love more than a good breakfast sandwich, and Tela's did not disappoint! The restaurant/market hybrid offers great food options that can be ordered at the counter, which will then be brought to you at the table of your choosing. I visited Tela's on a Saturday morning, around 11 (aka peak brunch time), so I had to wait in line for about 10 minutes. Luckily, the table turnover rate is pretty high, so my friend and I found a seat almost immediately. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage, cheddar, and an egg over easy on brioche with a side of potatoes, and it was executed perfectly. The sausage was flavorful and rich, and the egg was just the right amount of runny. For under $10, it was a great meal! I'm interested in coming back to try some of their other menu offerings in the future!Tela's is a fantastic place for sandwiches and groceries.! Prices are very reasonable and every sandwich comes with a side salad - the salad isn't the best part, but the sandwich is.    Don't miss the Fried Chicken Sandwich or the Meatball - both are really tasty and perfectly cooked.  The egg sandwich is also great - egg, cheddar, delicous bacon on a brioche roll - totally hits the spot.
 I would recommend downloading the app - its super easy to order via the app and walk in 10-15 mintues later with your meal in hand.  You pay via the app so need need for cash or credit cards.
Stop in and check this place out, you won't be disappointed.I have been for lunch and dinner and I can be certain that this place is definitely a better breakfast/lunch/brunch spot than for dinner. I had the fish tacos and they tasted fine but the pieces of fish were too small for the flour tortillas and the pickled topping overpowered the fish. My girlfriend got the spicy chicken wrap and we were both pleased with that. Overall a very ok place.Great food, atmosphere, and prices are okay. I am so so so glad they moved to the neighborhoodPersonable, friendly but this place misleads customers with erroneous claims of organic food.  I have purchased meats, produce, and sandwiches here but won't again until things change. 
On my third visit, the friendly chef Chad told me that the poultry in the meat case that was labeled "organic chicken" was not actually organic.  He didn't blink an eye and saw no problem with mislabeling.  When I asked why it was labeled organic he said it was from an Amish farm where they do things "old fashioned".  Next he bashed Whole Foods for mislabeling their grassfed beef and then gave me a definition of grassfed that was inaccurate.
I don't seek out a store like Tela's for the trendy decor, but for the actual products.  I'd like for you to label your products honestly so I can make informed purchasing decisions.  Amish is not the same as organic.  Organic is not the same as pastured.  And natural and old fashioned mean nothing.   
A note to the owner Dan Greenberg: Please educate your staff, from the chef to the folks working at the counter (who told me "I think our beef is vegetarian" - whatever that means), about what kinds of products you are selling, where they come from, and how they are raised.  
I was so looking forward to being able to support a local neighborhood market.  When you raise your standards, let me know.  I will gladly erase this review, write a new one, and begin shopping daily at your store, and spread the good word to my Fairmount neighbors. 
Here are some good links you can use to teach your staff about food terminology:
http://www.phillycowshare.com/grass-fed-beef
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateC&leftNav=NationalOrganicProgram&page=NOPConsumers&description=ConsumersTela's is a little bright spot in the Fairmount section of Philly. Cool, hip, with friendly staff, great coffee drinks, omelettes and pancakes (we were here for breakfast). An open but cozy space with market area. We loved it!!I'm still not a fan of their overpriced pre-made/packaged options, but a recent salad has swayed me in favor of their made-to-order offerings. 
For around $8, I got a huge salad that was made up of baby kale, Brussels sprouts, apple, parmesan, parsley, raisins and walnuts. It was large, filling and fresh. Plus, it would have cost me time and money to get those ingredients and do this on my own. There was an option to add protein for an additional charge. I thought I was cool with going veggie for the day, but I was kind of longing for some chicken towards the end. 
My husband got a turkey club sandwich and enjoyed his as well. Again, there were ingredients in it that would have been a pain to buy and assemble if you just wanted one sandwich.
I won't be shopping at Tela's Market, but no doubt I'll return to their café.I ordered the Tela's omelette, and it was delicious! It was light and not oily or heavy. Great for a light yet filling brunch. The Lenny sandwich was also really good. Fresh lox always makes me happy.Big fan.  I'm started coming here to get work done out of the office, and now I'm sort of obsessed with it. 
 First I just started driving by, seeing what it was up to, then I graduated to sending Tela hourly facebook messages, now I write it a daily letter that gives it a minute by minute account of my day, with all of my associated thoughts and feelings.  Soon I'll be burning incense in my basement shrine next to the dolls I have stuffed with employee's hair.  Have I said too much?
So yeah,  I like this place.     
Decor is nice.  Some people knock the coffee, but I think it's good.  If you want an overly roasted turd, go to starbucks.  Tela's coffee is nice and light, how I like it..  Their pastries are great, (although a ttaaaaaaaaaaad expensive).  Food is good, and breakfast runs to 1:00pm because everybody knows breakfast food is where it's at.   And the prices on the sandwiches and salads are reasonable, given the quality of ingredients.  I think the portion sizes are fine. $8 for a big ass egg sandwich with homefries and bacon?  Yes please.
Service is friendly, but they aren't all up in your shit bothering you.  They just let you be, which is nice.
Definitely patronize.My boyfriend and I walked to Tela's for breakfast one morning as we'd never been but love trying new places. First of all, we loved that they're dog friendly at the outside tables. It was great to be able to have breakfast with the whole family, pup included :)
We both ordered iced lattes and they were as expected but a little weak on the caffeine for a latte. Wanted to add a bit maple syrup to the lattes for a touch of sweetness but they hadn't refilled their maple syrup container. No biggie, chose agave instead.
I ordered the oatmeal with fruit as I'm a consistent fan of hot cereals/porridges. I paid extra $ for the 'extra fruit' option. I was disappointed: the "extra fruit" was a few blueberries and raisins. That's all that was in the oatmeal in terms of fruit: a few blueberries and raisins. I wanted to ask if they had more fruit since I was paying extra for extra fruit and I saw they had extra fruits that they used for a fruit cup option another customer had ordered. Also the oatmeal was good, but nothing to write home about. I'd suggest seeking out another breakfast joint that has quinoa porridge/hot cereal if you're a hot cereal fan.
My boyfriend ordered an egg, cheese, and turkey bacon sandwich. There was way more bread/roll than sandwich, so he left the top of the roll off. Otherwise, he loved it and I tried it as well. The turkey bacon was delish and done right. His dish came with potatoes on the side to which we added sriracha and that was an added delectable bonus.
We didn't get to check out the market so I can't comment on that. All in all, Tela's is worth a chance if you're running out of places in the Fairmount area to try for breakfast and you have a little extra cash to spend, but I wouldn't suggest it as a first choice option if you're looking to be wowed or impress anyone from out of town. It's also great to bring the pooch with if you want to share a meal with a furry friend in the city.Everything I've tried has been delicious. The coffee is some of the best in the neighborhood - so much better than MugShots! I love the idea of having both a diner/sit down and eat section as well as a market/shopping section, definitely fills a void in the neighborhood. That said, the prices on the menu items and pre-made dishes are way too high. They have the best egg sandwich around, for sure, but its about $2 too expensive. I would absolutely be an every day customer if it wasn't for the high prices. Also, they definitely need more seating space (and more outlets available). As of now, it's not the best place to sit and work for a few hours as the staff is SO nice that they don't leave you alone and you end up feeling hovered over as you work.TELA's has become a regular market and restaurant for me, my friends and my family. They have the freshest produce around. The fish and meat selections are always fresh and a delight. They may cost a bit more. We just buy less and eat more fruit and veggies. Also TELA's so graciously helped our family with deliveries of awesome food during a very difficult time. Thank you!!!!Great little market pick up small grocery items and for coffee/food. Staff is super friendly!Tela's is a smidgen on the pricy side, but I'm a firm believer that you will ultimately get what you pay for. Quality is not lacking here, and that showed in the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich I had yesterday. The side salad had a lemon vinaigrette, which was delicious. An employee was nice enough to give us a shot of spiked hot apple cider, which made the trip perfect. Go, people, go. - SpoI visited for coffee/breakfast with a friend. My latte was great and my friend said her cappuccino and oatmeal were good too, and e oatmeal was good-sized. The menu looked good and I'll be back to try a breakfast sandwich sometime.  Prices seem pretty high but, given the number of families with multiple kids and high-end strollers, this doesn't seem like it will hurt the business. It'll just be more of a treat or meeting place for me.I hate to change a review to lower it (this is my first time), but in this case, it is necessary. True, a place like this is necessary in this area, and the decor is fabulous. However, Tela's really needs to follow through. Having been to the original Four Barrel and having had it at other coffee shops before, the coffee is honestly depressing here.  I don't know if it's untrained baristas, or its horribly watered-down, but their coffee is downright not good. It doesn't taste like Four Barrel at all, and for the amount of amazing lattes I can get elsewhere in the city, I probably will never get one here again.
This is a speciality "market", but the prices are too high and the portions are too small.  The breakfast burrito is minuscule. Also, I hate ordering something like a breakfast sandwich and getting nothing else with it!  Come on-- throw a piece of fruit or a couple greens on the side or something to make it seem more like a meal. 
I have been here about five times now, and honestly plan on avoiding it unless completely necessary, which really pains me.  They definitely have some work to do.I love this place! Traveling in the U.S. I sometimes find it hard to find places that serve price worthy healthy food, but this is perfect. Good service, nicely furnished, good menu, quality ingrediens. Top notch!Good food! Just don't come here if your in a rush.. 20 min to make me a salad.. Get the heck out of here!fresh, convenient and great service! Loved the fish tacos and Matteo sandwich. The atmosphere was great as well. Could be a nice place to study or grab a late lunch.Okay Tela's, you've been working hard on winning me over again. Since my last review, I've been here a lot. When a place is only a couple blocks away, it's hard not to stop by when you run out of eggs, need a quick latte, or have companions that want to grab a quick within-walking-distance lunch. Tela's has become a source for all of that, and has definitely stepped up their game the last few months. 
One of my initial complaints was the portion size, and this has definitely been worked on! The breakfast burrito is significantly bigger, and all the sandwiches come with a side dish. Yay! They also switched from serving Four Barrel coffee, which would be a bummer, except that the drinks are significantly better when made with Elixr. They also get different bread varieties delivered from Metropolitan daily, which has come in handy more than once.
It's still a speciality market, so prices are not cheap, but the quality is there. I always call ahead to ask if they have what I need, which means that I never ending up walking over and then being grumpy because they don't carry a particular product. I appreciate that they have been working to improve, and will continue to come back.I purchased BBQ chicken, Mac&cheese and meatballs. My son was eating the chicken when i noticed it was a little red. I cut the breast and noticed it was row and blooded. I hope my son does not get sick or this yelp review will blow up even more. I tried to call the Tela's but no one picked up the phone. 
If my son does get sick it will be on!!!
The respond on twitter - so i had to give them 3 for being responsive to the customer. I look forward to trying this place again. Cook that chicken good.I come here pretty regularly and usually just run in and grab something from their grab & go section (which is good, but they only ever have 2 types of sandwich so it's a little limited). Today I had a little extra time so I ordered a sandwich to go. There was a mixup in the kitchen and I was waiting for 30 minutes. At that point, the manager came over to see if everything was OK. I politely told him that I had ordered about 20-30 minutes ago and my to-go order wasn't out yet. He ran back to the kitchen, rushed my order out and refunded the cost of my sandwich (which wasn't necessary but I really appreciate the gesture). For that alone I would give this place a 5. In addition - the food & coffee is great. I've never bought from the market but everything always looks fresh & delicious.I had an awesome experience at Tela's! My friends and I went for breakfast recently and LOVED it! The interior is so cute and cozy. Half of the space is a well curated little market and the other half is the cafe. The cafe side has a few two and four top tables and then long, family style, wooden tables and benches for seating. 
We went for breakfast so only got to try things from that menu, but when the lunch menu opened at 11, the place got packed! So I'm sure the lunch menu is amazing too :) I had a breakfast sandwich with eggs, bacon, and cheese on a gluten free bread. I didn't see the GF bread mentioned on the menu but they did have it when I asked. They serve most of their breakfast plates with yummy potatoes. 
Coffee was also delicious! Tela's has soy and almond for dairy free milk options. I don't live in Phila anymore but will absolutely be making the trek up to spring garden when I'm in the city. This is such a delicious and cute cafe. Having breakfast here brightened my whole day!Awesome food. Friendly service. Great environment! 
Minus one star due to not having all ingredients to make an item ordered from the menu and being offered something completely different and less expensive well after ordering without being offered the price difference.Tela's, I love your convenience, but I honestly can't win with you lately... Specifically with the brussel & watercress salad. It's my favorite salad on the menu, but without fail, there's always an ingredient that's forgotten when I order it. A couple weeks ago, it came out without the brussel sprouts. I told the woman behind the counter I thought the brussel sprounts were missing from the BRUSSELS and watercress salad, and she told me that the barley is the brussel. Thinking I was lacking in memory and potential knowledge of barley variations, I sat down and enjoyed the salad. Today, I got the same salad to-go, and when I got home to open it, lo and behold, brussel sprouts were there! Unfortunately, the parmigiano reggiano was not. If there were better grab-and-go options in the neighborhood, I probably wouldn't frequent Tela's as much.I've passed this place so many times over the past year and never ever went inside to try it until this past Sunday. My experience was great and I wish I would've tried them out a long time ago. The dining area is small and intimate, perfect for a small brunch date. The wait to order food wasn't long considering how many people were in the line .. and the wait for my food was only about 15 minutes (and we were a party of 4). I ordered the fried chicken sandwich that came with fries (for $9) and it was DELICIOUS! The boneless chicken breast was breaded and fried to perfection and the sauce that came on it put the final touch to it. I didn't get the cole slaw that comes with it but my friend made me feel really bad about not getting it because it's so tasty lol. The french fries were done and not too crispy and well seasoned. And the customer service was on point as well, very friendly staff! I will definitely be coming back!Tela's has great ambiance, is in a great location, and it's food and menu are ok; if this review were based solely on that I would rate it 4 stars. The problem is the ridiculously long wait, which overwhelms everything else! Please fix this Tela's! I want to keep giving you my business but I don't always have 25 minutes to wait for pancakes.Came here for a nice breakfast today with my boyfriend, cousin, and his girlfriend and really enjoyed it. I ordered the tela's breakfast which included thick cut bacon, perfectly cooked eggs, crispy potatoes, and a thick piece of whole wheat toast. My boyfriend and cousin got the breakfast burrito and my cousin's gf got the brioche French toast (hers looked amazing!). We were all super happy with our meals and we were able to hang around and chat. Great start to the day!go-to coffee spot for the place i interned at. i also had a meeting here before. it's a cute little market but they also serve food and coffee. their coffee is pretty good and the staff is also nice. if i was ever in the area again, i'd stop by again.I got the green wrap which was very good! Unfortunately the service was very disappointing. One person in our group ordered the special and they completely forgot his order. They brought everyone else's food while my poor friend sat waiting. This was not noticed by the staff until he eventually had to go up to the counter and ask about it. All he got was a "sorry" and nothing else to try to amend the mistake. This place is not outstanding in any way. Skip it and find somewhere with outstanding service. If a mistake is made, you make it right. A free coffee, a small token, whatever. Something to make me feel warm and fuzzy, not "oops, here is your late, overpriced brunch."Greeted with a warm smile and the environment is calming. Ordered an egg sandwich, assuming it would just be an egg and bread. To my surprise, I was able to add avocado, lettuce and tomato, free of charge! It was delicious. The coffee was a bit strong for my taste and went cold when I added the milk (maybe too much). They happily replaced it with milder, sweeter coffee. The service was great and it's a welcoming breakfast place.This is a great fairmount option for a cafe work space that also has great food options. I have come here for brunch with a friend and also alone to do some work and use the wifi! The food always tastes fresh using high quality ingredients. I don't leave feeling gross, not the place if you're looking for greasy comfort food. 
Like all places in Fairmount it is better to walk here as parking is just side streets. If you have to drive, I'd try to get here before 5 as the parking gets increasingly worse.
I've had the Lenny for breakfast (a bagel with lox and the works) and the caprese sandwich. I recommend both!Very cute lunch spot. I had the roasted turkey sandwich and it was delicious. Lettuce, tomato, herb mayo and turkey. Staff was very nice as well. You order at the counter but they bring the food out for you. Wouldn't recommend for a big group, seating could be tricky. There is inside and outside seating!Tela's is what every neighborhood needs. It is what every person who lives in an apartment wants right below their apartment. Although Tela's goes above and beyond what you really want. 
Tela's has many grocery type items to purchase such as gourmet pastas, your basic yogurts, and many fresh and variant options of fruits and vegetables. It is PERFECT for when you are cooking a dinner and forgot that one ingredient and need somewhere close to run to get it. 
There are three keys to Telas.
1. The first key to Tela's is their specialty items. They have an entire butcher section, with different cuts of meats, right there for you. 
2. The second key to Tela's is their prepared foods. They have several upon several options of premade pastas, chickens, salads etc. that are an easy pick up on your way home and make it look like you really cooked type of meal. All looked sooo delicious. 
3. The third key to Tela's is the fresh hot food. That's right - you heard it! Brunch, sandwiches, grilled cheese, entrees, and most imporantly, delicious coffee.
In seriousness, anyone who goes here is going to run home to their landlords and want this in their neck of the city. The only thing about Tela's is that it is pricy. Very pricy.I've only experienced the coffee here, which is fantastic every time I get it. From what I can tell, they use beans from Four Barrel roasters in San Fran - a very wise choice. If you have the means, they offer interesting artisan/niche grocery.I brunched at Tela's over the weekend and I am so glad I did, what a delight! I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into as this is a no wait staff establishment, but once you can grab a table, either at a two top or at the two communal tables, you will be content! I had the Tela's breakfast- the eggs and bacon were cooked perfectly and those crispy potatoes are delicious! And my toast came with a butter and JAM! I was beyond happy! The coffee is great too!I will always give five stars to any kitchen that can prepare meals better than I can make at home.  Tela's quinoa salad with shrimp and avocado hits those markets.  Everything evenly coated in a refreshing lime-based dressing.  Fresh, plump shrimp.  Only the freshest salad greens and avocado.  My dining partner's roast turkey sandwich was perfection, too, and I greedily ate the leftovers, leaving none of the generous portion to bring home in a doggie bag for the pups.Telas. I do really want to love it here. The food is good and the staff are friendly. And the place is cute as can be. 
But, man, are they slow. Last week I waited over 25 minutes for the Chrissy salad. Which is literally chicken tenders and lettuce. And now I'm sitting for over 10 minutes waiting for a mocha. 
It's really too bad, because the slowness makes this convenient place...inconvenient.Grabbed lunch here with a friend for the first time; couldn't be happier! They have an extensive menu at reasonable prices, and everything was fast and yummy. I will definitely be back.Nice market/cafe/eatery very close to home.
Fresh, prepared items are always high quality, with prices that reflect so. I have never minded paying at Tela's, because the quality justifies the price. The meat and poultry are equally high quality, with fair prices. Additionally, there are a wide variety of sauces, condiments, fruits, vegetables, and other items that always make the visit interesting.
As for the cafe, I've only eaten there once, but based off the experience, I'm looking forward to what else is on the menu. I had the breakfast burrito with fried eggs. I think all breakfast burritos should have chorizo-potato hash. This breakfast will hold you over for most of the day - FYI. The coffee was great, comparable to other local coffee shops and a step up from the chain.
Finally, every staff member is a genuine treat to interact with. Very happy Tela's is around and so close to home!Telas is an excellent place. The little market is perfect if you're not willing or able to get to Whole Foods, and the people are really helpful!
The food is really good, and reasonably priced. Their breakfast is great- some of the best in Fairmount perhaps even at par with Sabrinas but it lacks the cafe feel which may give Sabrinas the edge. Their lunch sandwhiches are awesome as well- the turkey club is my favorite!
All in all- an excellent place. The prices are a tad high, but the food is quite worth it!GREAT place for brunch/lunch. Food was great, coffee was good. The market seemed a little expensive to me, pretty much like whole foods. But the the menu was reasonable. The counter service and wait staff were very friendly. Definitely will be back!I love the place but their food is over priced and inconsistent,  is always something different and the portions seem to get smaller and smaller ! The staff is great manager and Amanda always go out of the way to help .I had a great experience the past two times that I have been there. It is such a great friendly atmosphere. It seems to be a great "date" spot, or a lunch with mommy spot for the little ones.  So far I have had the Meatball parm, and the turkey club and I thought they were both great! If you are looking for bigger portions at a cheaper price a fastfood joint like McDonalds may be a  better choice for you, however if you are looking for quality , delicious foods then this is your place!  I found out today that they are now serving breakfast until 3 on the weekends which I am super excited about and I am looking forward to giving their breakfast menu a try next weekend! The only negative thing I could say is that there was no O.J. left when I got there.I've only been here once, but this was a great casual breakfast spot on a Saturday morning.  I definitely recommend it if you are in the Fairmount area.  I had the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich with the side of potatoes.  It was nice to get an egg sandwich with over-easy eggs, and the bacon was crispy and delicious.  I also liked the potatoes.  Only negative was the ordering time, it seemed to take forever.  I'll still be back.Oh Tela's. You swooped into the neighborhood with the promise of being able to purchase a lemon without taking the 15 minute hike to Whole Foods. For a while, you were a staple. That cold brewed iced coffee was everything I wanted on Sunday morning, but then you gave me a raisin bagel with scallion cream cheese. Yes. you heard me. This came after I ordered an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, waited for 20 minutes, asked about it, had an embarrassed employee inform me they were out of everything bagels and then reordered a raisin bagel with PLAIN cream cheese and received that monstrosity instead. Their cold brew has also taken a sad and watery turn. The problem is that it used to be so good, and then, like a teenager pilfering the liquor closet and trying to hide the evidence, for some reason, they think we won't notice that they are scrimping on cold brew. Just stop watering it down. I'll even pay a few more cents for a better product. 
Not to harp, there are lots of great things about Tela's. Their seltzer selection. Their amazing guacamole. The phenomenal bagels that are actual bagels and not just the gluey bread rings you find in most Philadelphia establishments. The convenience of having them in our neighborhood. Unfortunately, the inefficiency of their register system and the watered down iced coffee is tainting the joy I used to feel when entering the store.Just visiting, but my husband and I stopped in and both ordered the pulled pork sliders.  We were expecting them to be "just ok" but they were AMAZING!  The bun was toasted/buttered, and the cole slaw topping was a great addition.  We commented a few more times during our  visit that we wished we could go back.  The iced coffee was also A+.
It was an off-time so the restaurant was fairly empty.  We were able to leisurely enjoy our meal at our own pace, and linger a little longer to enjoy the A/C.  I could see this place getting super crowded with strollers, etc on a busy time.Fresh food choices. Tela's is relaxed and laid back. Great for meeting up with friends for coffee or your study group. Friendly and courteous staff. Awesome breakfast place. We dined on Sesame Bagels with scallion cream cheese, and Tela's Breakfast with eggs, bacon, potatoes and coffee. Score!Every Philly neighborhood needs a place like Tela's. They have coffee, breakfast, prepared foods, produce, meat and seafood counter, and cheeses! It's perfect when you need that one thing you forgot at the regular store, or are too tired/lazy to cook dinner and would rather eat fancy cheese with fancy crackers instead.
One star off for somewhat high prices. At $2.75 plus tax for a large drip, it's not worth going every morning on my way to work.Last week I got a chance to go to one of my favorite bookstores along Fairmount Avenue and while returning home I walked by what looked to be a deli.
 Turns out,  it was a bit more than a deli. It was a deli, a market, a coffee shop and a kitchen. It was Tela's Market & Kitchen. Not the typical deli or market you'd expect.
 What would be considered the market area is small but checks out for what one could get for breakfast, lunch or dinner at home but if you wanted to have either you could do so there because there's lots of seating. I spotted the Lasagna that was $13.99/lb, not bad for the large slice with my name on it waiting between the tongs. I had to order quick before someone with telepathy got the same idea and would mess my whole experience up, hahahaha. 
No one was working that side of the counter so I got in the already long line with the others. It moved quickly and I was shortly served by the polite, accurate, multi-tasking cashier who while being attentive to my service, she was as well to the current customer in the process. I was impressed. Nice job, cashier associate. The price came to $9.63 which wasn't too bad considering other places.  I was told It had to be heated up downstairs and it would take 20min.
 Ok, not a problem. It looks good. I'm hungry. I'll wait. I took my number and had a seat at the picnic styled table but later moved to a window seat where I like to people watch. The slice arrived and my appetite kicked in more. I shook some salt on it, took a bite and it was warm but not HOT. Lasagna needs to be HOT or heated enough to enjoy. This was the only downside of the visit however it was very good and made just as I would have made it only it was not at the temperature I would have liked. All in all my first time being here was quiet and relaxing. I'm just going to need the hot foods for my potential visits to be at higher temperatures.Tela, I knew you and I would start a beautiful friendship. I mean, you're the same name as a Phish song after all. It just upsets me that you moved into the neighborhood just as I moved out. What's up with that? 
Tela is the sweetest little corner market in the sweetest neighborhood in the city, Fairmount. It's a beautiful space!! From the industrial chic ceilings with the vines and twinkling lights above to the reclaimed wood communal tables, vintage cart and display baskets, it really is just the cutest!! 
Unfortunately, I didn't dine in, but I am definitely coming back to do so and I'll bring the whole gang. The food looked delicious! 
I did however come to grab some dinner and explore a bit. The prices are somewhat high, but I'm used to spending natural food store prices so comparatively speaking, they're pretty average. I purchased some BBQ pulled pork and Mexican salad from the prepared food counter, house salsa verde and cotton candy grapes for $4.99/lb. Total for those four items was $25. The fam dug everything. All of the prepared foods looked pretty delicious and like they were created with care. The stacked meatloaf was adorable and even had piped mashed potatoes on top. I say try some of these items for a quick din. 
I loved the make your own flower bouquet option! I equally loved the fact that they support local businesses. A few I noticed were tortilla chips from Xochitl, Zsa Zsa ice-cream and High Point coffee. 
I will definitely be shopping here again, probably next week in fact and I am putting on my list of places to try for brunch.I've been going to Tela's for several months now, usually for breakfast or to grab some quick groceries as I live right down the street.
Today I went in to pick up some breakfast for my boyfriend and me. They are very fast and efficient in getting the line moving - with one person working the register and another grabbing coffee orders. They also take orders at the center counter, which is helpful when the line is really long.
I got a large iced coffee (their coffee is delicious) and sat down to wait for my order to be ready. This is where it gets interesting. I started feeling like I was about to pass out - dizzy, lightheaded, and anxious. I've never passed out in my life, but I somehow knew it was about to happen. Maybe it was the fact that I had not eaten nor drank anything.
I went looking for water and could feel the room spinning. I hurried to the center counter and asked the girl working there for water and let her know I felt like I was going to pass out. Not only did their staff give me water, orange juice, and a banana, but this girl sat down with me and talked me through it until I was feeling well enough to go home.
I already loved Tela's, but now I'm head over heels. Amazing service, delicious food, and a true neighborhood vibe.I love Tela's because it has a large, open floor plan that is perfect for large groups. It's a trendy, hipster market that serves coffee, bagels, sandwiches, salads, juices and some grocery items. It definitely offers more than your average coffee shop which is especially nice if you're looking for something different.
They're a great place if you're looking to study or get work done. They have some small, individual tables and a few extra long dining tables where multiple parties can sit at once. The service was good when I went, although they seemed to be running out of a lot of their bagel options, so I was forced to change the type of bread even after ordering. 
They're a little pricey for my taste, but they serve really fresh ingredients which you can't complain about! I got a detox juice which they blended together right in front of me with all fresh fruits and veggies. I was very happy with how it turned out. 
I like this place because it's different and serves good food. I also like that they have a large space, which is hard to find in coffee shops. I'll definitely be back.Very nice place with tasty and filling sandwiches. Portions are really good too.
Service was great and the place has a nice atmosphere. 
And other then buying lunch or breakfast, you can get you groceries shop done although it's a little more expensive then Whole Foods and the other markets around the area.Wow, this place makes me miss living in Philly.  This was my go to brunch spot.  The food was always amazing - usually got the French toast and a breakfast sandwich.  I loved the option to grab some fresh produce after my meal.  Such a cute atmosphere - I hope to return soon!So glad this place opened- what a great addition to the neighborhood! It's so nice to have a place to get quality meats/produce 2 blocks away from my house, and the prepared food will be an excellent option for nights when I don't feel like cooking. Prices are higher than, say, Shop Rite, but the quality is very good and the convenience of being just 2 blocks away is worth the extra money. 
I haven't been in for breakfast yet (an employee said it's only served until 11:30am), but lunch at the cafe is excellent. Thanks to bringing a few generous dining companions I got to try the: buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, meatball parm sandwich, roasted chicken wrap, turkey club, and kale salad. All were delicious and I'm looking forward to going back to try everything else!
My only real criticism can be attributed to having not been open very long, and having brand new employees: my fiance had to wait a really long time in the grocery line because the woman running the checkout didn't know what any of the vegetables were, or how to find them in the checkout software. She had to ask shoppers about each item before ringing it up. "What's this one? Oh, ok a beet... And this one? Oh, ok it's ginger..." According to my fiance, this turned what would have been a 30 second purchase at any other grocery into several minutes. But I'm sure all the employees will get a better feel of both the selection and the checkout software as they continue working.The place continues to improve every month.  The breakfast and lunch sandwiches are not only great values but the absolute best in the Fairmount neighborhood.  My favorites include the sausage and egg breakfast sandwich and the short rib sandwich.  Hands down they dominate every other similar establishment in the neighborhood including rybread, mugshots, and OCF which is the worst.I've come to Tela's so many times with my boyfriend and are never disappointed! From their coffees and smoothies to fresh sandwiches and salads they do not disappoint! Also the market is super cute with all the essentials and staff are always super nice and helpful!Great spot to grab a delicious breakfast or to meet someone for a cup of coffee. They have tons of seating here and they're coffee is phenomenal. I stopped in on my trip to philly and grabbed an espresso and the egg sandwich with bacon which was fresh and delicious!!! Definitely check this place out!My new favorite spot in Fairmount for fresh salads and prepared foods.  I can't wait to enjoy a cheese or charcuterie board with some wine at one of Tela's tables outside in the summer.  Everything I've tried so far is delicious (srichacha chicken salad, charred Brussels, spinach salad with Gorgonzola, red onion, and sundried tomatoes).  Also a good spot to bring the books and enjoy a coffee while studying. Service is excellent and friendly!We recently hosted a private event at Tela's and I can't express how perfect it was. If 10 stars was an option that's what we'd give.  They took care of everything, food was great, the setting was beautiful, and their coordination was spot on. Their general manager, Erica, took such good care of us so that we could relax and enjoy the event while she and the staff did everything.  I knew Tela's was beautiful, but at night it was gorgeous. A few guests literally used the word "magical" about the rustic tables with candles and flowers on them and the twinkling Edison light bulbs and vines hanging above with everything reflecting off of the full length windows. Having the whole place to ourselves allowed our guests to really spread out and be able to both mingle as well as feel that we were having an intimate, private dinner. We can't thank Tela's and Erica enough for helping us celebrate our mother's birthday in such a fun and classy way.I don't get the hype.  The neighborhood folks highly recommend this place so after a first try disappointing try I gave it a 2nd shot and it was worse than the first.  If you live in the area and need to pick up produce or want a hot beverage then it's a great recommend as there is nothing close by but the prepared foods are lousy.  First visit ordered a salad that was made fresh the menu board made it sound sort of amazing when it came it was a bed of lettuce with a drizzle of dressing and that's it.  Not only bland but very overpriced.   I had no desire to ever go again until I received another highly recommend from a neighborhood friend.  In a hurry and hungry while driving by I opted to give the 2nd try.  This time I went for a grab and go in the case.  I opted for a veggie wrap.  Seriously overpriced, bland again and the worst part a soggy refrigerator tasting wrap.  Service both times was far from with a smile.  I am definitely NEVER going back.  Tons of awesome restaurants in the fairmount area don't waste your time at Tela's.Just might be the best turkey sandwich I have ever had. Add the bacon and you won't be disappointed.