If a conservative frat party and a gastro pub got a bit drunk and hooked up, their baby would be the Ten Stone. food was pretty good, but I was starved both times I was there. my walk to the restroom reminded me of the party scene in Pretty in Pink. the waitress was slow , and bitched to us about people sitting too long, as she was seating us...strippers worry less about tips. 
went for lunch and it was quiet and my food was good, so that was better, so I guess it just wasn't my cup o tea.So, I'm new to Philly and the Graduate Hospital area. When I walked into the Ten Stone for the first time last night, I thought to myself "I think this is probably my quote-unquote neighborhood bar...but do I want to be here?" If you know me, you know that I enjoy and very much appreciate my local gastro pub. The same goes for my local dive bar. The vibe I was getting from this place was gastro pub with a dive atmosphere, so you'd think I'd be thrilled to find such a treasure. Sadly, this was kind of not the case. 
At 8:30 p.m., the joint was packed and crawling with mostly 20-somethings. There was one table with a baby carriage parked next to it, which was a little surprising because the music was blaring through the place. As we began hunting for a table, I heard a Millennial drunkenly cry out "I played this song! I played this song, guys! This is MY SONG!" as "Don't stop believing" came on the jukebox. We ordered our brews. 
The brew selection was decent and craft-y with about 20 different choices. Kasteel Rouge was on tap, which was great to try for the first time. I ordered a veggie burger that seemed homemade with actual vegetables in it (rather than a soy hockey puck) that was really quite good. If I heard my friends correctly, I think they were happy with what they ordered, too. 
When our check came finally came, our server threw it in the middle of the table and said "Is splitting it 3 ways okay?" and walked away. Uhhh, honey, I'm going to buy a copy of "Waitressing 101": you don't tell you customers what to do in the form of a fake question, especially when it comes to money! Fine, you're busy and everything, but you just don't do that. 
Good food, good beer, seriously obnoxious atmosphere. Perhaps Saturday nights are a little crazier? Not to suggest that I need establishments to completely define themselves, but I guess I'd go back if/when they figure out if they're a gastro or a dive. It's just kind of weird to shout over a craft brew when the table next to me is doing shots in the name of that epic Mumford and Sons song.One of our local spots for work happy hour. Street parking, lots of seating, decent amount of beers on tap, food menu and extra side room with darts/billiard table.Love that there is a pool table here!!! Drinks and food are secondary and nothing out of the ordinary, but if you're looking for a place to hang out with friends, there's a nice neighborhood feel to this place. The only cautionary note is that some nights, there are some serious dart players who don't like a lot of noise!THIS IS MY FAVORITE BAR IN PHILADELPHIA.  Oh Ten Stone, how I miss thee!  Great beer, great crowd, great Sunday Brunch, great nights.  I wish I could just pick this bar up and move it to Palo Alto.Good spot to grab some beers and snacks. The truffle popcorn is great when you just want something to munch on. Trust me, the bowl won't last long. The crab dip and cheesesteak egg rolls are also solid choices.DO NOT EAT HERE. I repeat: do NOT eat here. I will never eat here again and refuse to let anyone I care about eat here. If you don't want to read this long explanation, here's the reason why: I found a nail (a piece of hardware) in my crab dip appetizer. I bit into a nail and it pierced my gum.
Two Sundays ago, I brought my family to the Ten Stone bar which is in my neighborhood full of bars. I usually go to Ten Stone for happy hour or late nights before heading home, and it's a great place to drink with friends. But, I had never eaten the food and thought it was worth a try. My sister had the nachos before, and apparently they were great, so we ordered them. 
Our waitress (Maggie) informed us that Ten Stone ran out of tortilla chips, since they make them in-house in batches and they went quickly that day. Which is surprising that they ran out of a pretty basic item so early on a Sunday evening (wouldn't it be a no-brainer to go just grab a bag of tortilla chips for CVS?) Anyway, I digress, no nachos, so Maggie suggested we try the crab dip with pita instead. 
The first few bites of the crab dip were okay, kind of unremarkable on the flavor scale, but then I bit into something hard... like a rock. I spit it out and discovered it was an inch long thin nail with a kind of sawed off head of the nail-- it was sharp on both sides. Thankfully, the pita kept it rolled up AND FROM GOING THROUGH MY JAW or splitting my tooth, though it did pierce my gum. Our waitress, Maggie was very apologetic, understanding, and comforting but this was just absolutely insane. A NAIL-- IN THE FOOD. I understand that things happen and there's hair in food, whatever, but a sharp piece of metal in a highly process/prepared food is insane. There is a lack of attention to detail in the food, and generally an unsafe/contaminated environment in the kitchen. Our food was comped and we were told that the owner or manager would call us ASAP--fyi-- there was no manager on site to handle the situation, also a no-no for a decent establishment on a weekend (in my opinion). 
I didn't receive a call from the owner( Marvin) until my mother reached out to the owner (2 DAYS LATER). The owner did not care enough to be preemptive on this matter, apologize to me, and seek to rectify the situation. Why would you want to eat at a restaurant that just wants to cover their butts when there is a health issue/liability? The owner said he was trying to figure out where it came from (didn't end up having an answer), then lied about sending me a picture of the nail, which he procrastinated for so long until he admitted that he would not send it.
I am infuriated by this but it's nice to know that a lot of people use Yelp and can read reviews like this make better choices to go to any of the other amazing bars in our neighborhood that are dying for your business. 
FYI: My friend lives above Ten Stone bar and she has a pretty epic mice problem... in case you haven't been grossed out enough by the nail thing.Great atmosphere and PHENOMENAL food! The steak salad was to die for. The only complaint I have is that our waitress seemed relatively uninterested in serving us, even to get rid of us. She took our plates away and didn't bring the check for 20 minutes.Bread Pudding was hard as a rock. Sadly, this used to be the goto place in the neighborhood. Though, new places have come and this place has not tried to keep up. Not bad, but not what it once was, and falling behind in the neighborhood. Service is tough if you are not at the bar, and the place seems a little grimey with bad ventilation. A bit too loud for conversation.Very uneven.  Some of the lunch items are OK but commonplace and some are absolutely awful.  Stick with the items that can be found at countless other eateries and you will be OK, but if you venture into the more exotic, especially items that are normally found elsewhere (such as a gyro I had in which the "lamb" was so old and tough it could have been better used in a new pair of moccasins) you will be disappointed...or worse.
A final note.  The place always smells of disinfectant.  Maybe that's why the management throws up all the windows at every opportunity.Ten Stone is an okay but not great bar in an area which increasingly has better options - particularly in regards to better food and better service. If you're a beer drinker, they have a great selection, but I'm not, so I am thankful that they at least have a few good selections of wine by the glass. Ten Stone is acceptable for grabbing a sandwich and a drink in the afternoon or off hours, but go for Sunday brunch or in the evening when it's packed and good luck to you - I stopped going for brunch years ago even though the food was good because it always seemed to take an hour or so to get my food. Also, the place gets insanely loud when full, terrible acoustics. I've stepped inside one or two evenings in the past and immediately left when hit by the wall of noise inside.
Also it seems the food has increasingly gone downhill. Things that sound good on the menu, like the seared tuna salad or spinach salad, are just curiously devoid of flavor and bland when they finally arrive.I sreally want to like Ten Stone... but there's just something standing in the way.  Maybe it's the unfriendly servers?  Or the lack of real specials...ever?  I want Graduate Hospital to have a down-to-earth bar we can rely on to provide decent food, drinks, and service.  It doesn't have to be fancy as we're not Rittenhouse Square, we're an up and coming neighborhood that needs more neighborhood gems. 
I do like the draft list but the drink prices are way too high.  Their food is decent and fairly consistent but nothing creative or out of the box on this menu... just basic bar food (nachos, wings, quesadillas).
Despite my feelings on this place, it always seems to be fairly crowded but maybe that's because I am always coming here to watch the Eagles game.
They do have outdoor seating and a separate room with pool table and darts which is nice.
Check it out but I think you will be underwhelmed.I wasn't expecting much from Ten Stone but after all was said and done, I really enjoyed it!  
I arrived early prior to my pool league match and had a really delicious crispy chicken sandwich.  The pretzel bun was amazing.  I also took advantage of a happy hour beer special which wasn't great but this far up South Street it was better than nothing.
The bar is clean and tidy and the ambiance is nice.  The best part of the bar is probably in the back room which has a pool table and working fire place.  It was a crowded Monday night and it had a tavern feel.  
I deducted a star because on a Monday night, after happy hour, there were no beer specials.  $4 Budweisers and even the pool table was overpriced at $1.50 a game!Decided to give Ten stone another try, since there was outside seating, I was going that way, and I was very hungry. I was seated right away, and was served my beer just as fast, the server was nice and efficient. i ordered the strip steak sandwich with Brie. The sandwich was a good size and was cooked perfectly, fries were also cooked perfectly, my fiance also enjoyed her chicken sandwich. The price was fair and the whole experience was pleasant. I ripped this place pretty good last review, so i felt a comment about how much better the whole shebang was during the week, its cliche but Ten stone is not my weekend choice, but supper on a Wednesday it works!This Bar/Pub has the "appearance" of a decent place to get dinner or brunch.  Unfortunately not all is as it seems at Ten Stone.  
-The food is subpar for what you pay.
-The service is atrocious, both slow and rude.  The waitresses forget that you exist.  (Really- they need to get over themselves and embrace the notion of customer service.)
Unfortunately Ten Stone is profitting off your expectation that they will live up to the standard of other pubs in the neighborhood, and they just don't.  I've tried this place out a few times, so this isn't coming from just one bad experience: skip it! You can do better for what you'll pay and there are plenty of much better pubs within a couple blocks.
I will say that the service at the Bar is great, and by comparison to the waitstaff the bartenders are super friendly.  So if you want to sit at the bar and have a beer or a pumpkin bomb go for it, just don't let the waitresses get between you and the guys doing all the hard work.Got the tuna wrap.  It was gross- only could stand a few bites.  Fries were not as bad but still not very fresh and needed a lot of ketchup to taste decent. 
Was disappointed with both of my beers- first one tasted a little flat.  Didn't like that the draft menu didn't have prices.  I should have asked how much the beer was- $10 was waaaay too much for how little I enjoyed that beer.
I added a star because my friend liked his sandwich and most of my other friends had no complaints about their beers.  If you're going to go here I would recommend not getting food and sticking to the cheaper beers so at least if you're disappointed you didn't waste much.Very reliable bar in the area.  Food's usually above-average (then again, I rarely eat there).  There are enough rooms to keep you entertained (pool, darts, tv's, etc).  Service can be hit-or-miss, so try sitting at the bar or (gasp!) tip well.
It's surprising how many people "feel out of place" and give it a poor rating.  Just because Ten Stone doesn't serve $2 PBR's or is a hipster hangout (somehow "preppy" = conformist = bad, while American Apparel = "nonconformist" = good) doesn't mean it's a terrible place.
Try the fries and selected appetizers.  Chicken sandwich is pretty decent.  Definitely feed some dollars in the jukebox and have a good time.I like the beer and atmosphere, but I just can't get over the mediocre food.  It's just not very good.  And it's never good.  Never, ever.  Not once has it been good.  Did I mention the food isn't very good?The beer menu is always reliable, and the food is cheap. Other than that, not much to this place. Today at brunch there were flies all over the bar and the service was extremely slow....even by neighborhood-bar-at-brunch standards. I'm always disappointed in this place, but you get what you pay for.Really yummy fish tacos. I'm not a beer drinker BUT they served me two beers that were said to be sweet and I got real tipsy off of them. Really great service also.
One of the beer was a lambic I think , and the other was a fuille or something like that. I can't get the spelling right but they are sweet beers if you like the taste of sweet things. 
For dessert I ordered the banana pudding with ice cream...nah on that one. The pudding felt hard...def not fresh or even homemade. Go elsewhere for dessert in my opinion.
Def would go backBeer selection = Like most other have already mentioned on Yelp, Ten Stone has a great beer selection.  Our waitress was awesome and immediately offered samples when I had a hard time deciding which beer to get off their extensive menu.  Got the palm belgian amber.  Unfortunately, didn't try any of their food.  As such this review won't be as extensive as my usual.
Overall opinion = Bottom line, Ten Stone Bar offers a great selection of beer!Ten Stone has great beer selection, good food & atmosphere. A favorite spot.Love the nachos and beer selection here! Great brews and quick service. It is the ideal neighborhood bar. We eat here every few weeks and come watch big games here since it's so close for us. Great atmosphere and rooms in the back for darts, pool, etc.
Edit **** they have a new menu! My favorites are still there plus a flatbread and taco section. Check it out ! The food is good for a neighbor hood bar!Good beer selection. Happy hour is ok depending on what day of the week you go. The food here isn't stellar but it's not bad for bar food. If you miss happy hour it's a bit pricey but still a good time for less money than most places in the area. This is a solid spot for a low key night out. It's not too crowded but usually has enough people that you don't feel too lonely!My friend swears by this place so I had to walk to the other side of town and check it out.  Walking into this place it feels like any other neighborhood bar with a few hipsters scattered here and there.  The beer selection was good and reasonably priced, but the food was just passable.  The kitchen sink salad was very interesting with shrimp and pepperoni thrown in there.  Strange as it seems, it sorta kinda worked.  The burger was pretty disappointing.   Although it was cooked to my liking, it lacked any seasoning and was not juicy at all.  2 stars for 10 stones.The meal was delicious, accompanied by great beer and a good conversation with the barmaid. I highly recommend this place.
What I ate:
Crispy Chicken Sandwich $11 with a salad
Deep Fried Boneless Chicken Breast, bacon & provolone cheese with mango bbq sauce instead of  the honey mustard served on a brioche roll.The hunt for Red October ended in mutiny. The hunt for affordable, parking-friendly (read: not near Rittenhouse) and diner-friendly (read: not two VIP four-hour wait) outdoor tables in Philly may end in a divorce (or argument/tears, depending on who your with).
For Pete's Sake is good, sure. BUt you're under 95, there's only four tables and the chances of you leaving in in under an hour are minimal. New Wave, you say? Also an option, but besides the chicken fingers, sometimes you don't want trying-to-be-gourmet bar food.
It was somewhere between starvation and confusion I found myself on the border of G.HO on 21st and South. Ten Stone had nice, sturdy (not metal little things) tables and charge, gorgeous bar-brand-laden umbrellas and about 10 places to sit outside. Perfect. Now comes the test. . .
The menu was packed full of things any normal person would quietly comment to themselves, "Mmm..that looks good." Wings, nachos, dumplings, artichoke dip, brie and chicken with caramelized onion and argula on a long hard roll, artichocke hearts with chicken and spinach and pesto spread  . . . . woah. About $7 for each two-day-worthy sandwich? Holy f***ing Starrs. 
Add a hand-written daily beer list with all your favorites (hoegaarden) and soon to be's (rasberry lambert) and you've got yourself a your next favorite secret spot.
PS: the pool tables inside are clean and worthy of your game.You walk in and it looks like a pretty typical crowded smaller sized bar, but then you keep walking and there's two additional rooms! I liked this place because it seemed like the two other rooms never really got too crowded even when the front was filled. There are TVs in all the rooms and there's pool tables in the back. 
The waitress was cool and would take our order and then put it on our tab at the bar. A lot of places won't do that. We ordered the nachos and by this point we were pretty buzzed but they were good! 
I'd definitely come back here to hang out and watch the games.Met a friend here for drinks and a bite to eat.  We headed toward the rear where there's a pool table and a dart board.  Although it wasn't too crowded, the acoustics must have been terrible because it was pretty loud.  My Tuscan sandwich was mediocre, but the fries were good.  Her three fish tacos weren't bad and had a nice kick.  Decent local bar close to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, but won't be in any rush to return.No matter how good the food was (and it was very good), couldn't get past how unbearably loud this place was.  Like, DECIBELS too loud. Our waitress lost her voice from working the night before... She had written the beer list out by hand so as to not repeat herself at screaming levels.  There are plenty of other bars in phila with good food, where you might also be able to communicate with your date and/or staff.It's a nice day outside and I want to eat good food, enjoy a beer and hang-out with my friend and his dog... outdoors. This is where we go!
Brunch:
Eggs Benedict is ehhhhh.... Eggs overcooked and would benefit from English muffins.
Yogurt, granola and fresh fruit is yummy!
Orange juice comes from a box, ew!
Coffee is good!
Food in general is very good. Fish tacos are delicious!
Service is slow, but they'll bring out water for your dog. This is a high traffic location for dog walkers. In one meal you'll watch dozens walk by.Great neighborhood bar! The beers on tap are great. I always get to try several before settling on one (like the big daddy). Very laid-back/relaxed and casual atmosphere - a nice to place to catch up with friends. The food is simple and good (try the brie/goat cheese fondue).Ten Stone has a great beer selection and good bar food with generous sized portions.  The best perks of this bar are the free darts in the back room and the pay-as-you go pool table.  Your friends boring you, on a first date and have nothing to say?  Start a game of cricket to get the party going.  
The bartenders and servers have always been super friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.  Draught beer list is on a chalkboard on the wall.  They have about 20 taps, most of which rotate.
Downsides of this place are that they don't usually have a ton of drink specials.  The volume is a little too low for it to qualify as a legit sports bar for the big games, though it does turn on and broadcast sound.  The back room gets HOTTTT in the summer.  Like sweat pooling on your table hot.  There don't appear to be any AC vents back there, which could be the problem, but wowzas, get some fans! 
I really like Ten Stone and highly recommend it, though only if you can snag a seat in the front on a hot summer day.If I lived around the corner, Ten Stone could easily fit the bill whenever I needed to sip a brew outside.  It was much more crowded than I'd anticipated, and the service was S-O  S--L---O----W but that didn't phase us because we were having a good time hanging out.
Try the fondue. It's fantastic!Great place to gather with friends for drinks with or without food. Any time of day. Big, long wooden tables along wood-paneled walls in a dimly lit atmosphere make for an ideal low-key night. I'm giving 4 stars as it is one of the few places that lets you hold down a big table without having to order food.
A good selection of beer and spirits (they have my favorite, Bluecoat gin).  The food is decent, 3 stars at most.   Craving drunchies, I ordered some sort of breakfast burrito with fries.  It was like 11pm, so .... yea.  'Bland' is the best word I can use to describe both parts of the meal.  Next time I'll stick to drinks and splurge on a dessert, like their chocolate banana bread pudding.Nice sports bar with a great beer selection.  The food is pretty good as well.  I usually get the sandwiches.  The atmosphere is solid and not too loud.We went here as part of our Philadelphia New Years Eve bar crawl. Our specific requirements for said crawl: no cover charge. 
I was surprised at how un-crowded it was given it was NYE, but that suited us just fine. As others have mentioned, there is a pretty solid beer list and the serves seemed pretty knowledgable on them. 
We ordered a few apps for the table, all of which were delicious (pita and hummus, wings, crab dip, cheese steak spring rolls). The crab dip was just so so, but the wings had a great kick and the cheese steak rolls were delicious and creative. 
Atmosphere wise, pretty much a standard pub. Multiple clean bathrooms (a plus!) and a fairly large space with multiple rooms. 
Overall, great neighborhood bar and definitely something we'd check out next time were in town if we wanted something familiar.The bartender was really nice but the nachos were so soggy and gross I could hardly eat them. The chicken was rubbery and something about it just tasted spoiled. Definitely not going back.Great menu. Wonderful food. Staff are laid back and cool. Nice place to eat outside.Ten stone is definitely underrated.  The food here is surprisingly good.  My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich.  It is tender and well seasoned and served in its own juice.  Service is slow, but that doesn't really bother me.  Go here when you want to hang out for an hour or two over dinner with some good beer and reasonably priced food.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.Basic neighborhood bar. Decent food and attentive service. Good for late night bites too.I often review things and wonder to myself "am I being too generous? Does that deserve that many stars?" 
Well, worry not. Ten Stone deserves every ounce of the two stars I'm giving it. 
The beer list is decent, but the prices are meh. They're not super high, but they're not great for what you're getting, either. The food is less than meh. I have never left Ten Stone and felt satisfied with the food I'd eaten. It's nice to sit outside when it's warm out, but the service can be slow and the frustration just isn't worth it.  Inside, I somehow always feel like I'm in the way, or inconveniencing the servers. Yes, I'm looking at you. I want another effing beer. It's empty. I'm going to start building things with everyone's empty glasses. COME TAKE MY ORDER. I'M EASY AND I TIP WELL. 
 I live within a couple blocks, and I wish I loved it. I wished it was my neighborhood watering hole. But I'll walk the extra block and a half to Grace Tavern for that.Came here with a friend for lunch and i really liked it! It's a small bar area with a laid back feel. Decent taps, i'm not a beer snob though, so i can't fairly judge that. The food was really good! I had the grilled ham and cheese on a pretzel with friends and it totally hit the spot. Our bartender was Ryan, (i'm pretty sure that was his name) and he was a nice guy! Let us taste test the beer's we wanted to try and all. I'd definitely stop back for lunch!The brunch at Ten Stone was not only amazing- it was reasonably priced and delicious! There was no crowd and no wait which is another seller! They also had $2.00 Mimosa's which made my boyfriend and i stay even longer to enjoy. Friendly staff -friendly people- we will be there for brunch again.Yeah.  This place is totally three and a half star central.  I mean, it's pretty lame, but I feel like it's supposed to suck there.  It's not supposed to be cool.  It's just that shitty local bar that you can get cheap breakfast and mimosas at while the bartender audibly cries at the end of the bar for god knows what reason.  And you know what, whatever.  Welcome to Philadelphia.  You take what you can get.This is a great cozy little bar with an extensive beer selection. It's the perfect place to hang out with a small group of friends. It's nothing wild and crazy, just a great neighborhood bar that's not a dive. They also serve food, which is a plus.Snore.  The place is cute, it's bigger than it appears from the outside, and the hot crab dip was pretty tasty.  Other than that, not worth frequenting.
I stopped in after work one night, and our waitress (Waitress A) came over to take my drink order right away.  Ok, good start.  Waitress B delivered the drinks, and Waitress A grabbed her purse and walked out the front door.  Um... ok...
Half hour passes.  Waitress B has walked by a few times, but hasn't paid us any attention.  Waitress A comes back in with two bags in her hand.  I guess she had to run out for provisions to restock the bar.  Waitress A comes back to check on us, and remembered that one person at our table ordered water 45 min ago and hadn't yet gotten it.  I had to laugh when someone described her as having the personality of a rock, lol.  it was pretty accurate actually.
Two drinks and an hour and a half later, Ten Stone and I parted ways.  Doubtful there will be a reunion any time soon.Ten Stone has the distinction of serving the worst edamame I've ever eaten.  Who knew you could screw edamame up so badly!  Isn't it just soybeans and salt??  Okay, I can hear you saying it already, who orders edamame from a bar?  Point taken... but hey, I was craving it, and it just shouldn't be on their menu to tempt me if, especially if it's not even going to be green.
I wouldn't really go out of my way to eat anything at Ten Stone, it's just slightly upscale bar food, and if you want a burger go to Roosevelt's.  But the bar is open and good sized and there are a couple of back rooms to mix it up.  Definitely a decent spot to place on the rotation, especially for a medium-sized or large group that wants to throw a couple back.Ten Stone is a great neighborhood bar. It has a strong local showing and is almost always bustling throughout the day (and night). They have reliable clientele (we played pool with a regular), and great food (the nachos were delicious and were wayy to much for one person). The only qualm is the customer service. The waitresses can be a little aggressive about getting orders and a little late in checking up for the bill. It's actually a pretty big establishment with the dim pub feel. You can pay a small fee to play a game of pool, or shoot darts with a friend. Still, this place is a stable of west South Street and is definitely a notable fixture in the area.My overwhelming impression of this place is LOUD. Like, forget about talking to anyone except the person right next to you loud. 
Decent beer list, although I always seem to find myself squinting at the chalkboard to see it, and the food is OK bar food - the cheese fondue is good for sharing. 
Definitely a polo shirt and khaki kinda crowd, and the jukebox is one of those electronic jukeboxes that only has the singles from most albums. I hate that.
This place isn't offensive or anything, but there are so many other awesome choices in the area.This place is a neighborhood gem with really good food. It looks like a dive and acts like a dive (complete with regulars welded to their bar seats), but then you order food and are blown away! 
The short rib flat bread, apple and Brie cheese flatbread, tuna Niçoise salad are really delicious! This has rapidly become one of our fave spots at any time of day, friendly easy going service and outstanding bar food, what more could you want?You have to wonder, when the Ahi Tuna Salad and the Chicken Chili are both so over-seasoned, what are they hiding?I have lived in the Grey's Ferry neighborhood for over three years now and have just recently visited this restaurant.  
The food is a joke.  I am honestly surprised this place is still open.  I ordered mussles which were not edible.  I asked if they were fresh or frozen.  FROZEN.  For $10+ I expect fresh mussles, especially since they are so popular on pub menu's in Philly and are always fresh.  Not to mention one of the easiest dishes to make.  
The crowd is bizarre.  I was there on  Thursday night around 10 or 11 and there were people with babies and families at the tables in the dining room.  The bar stools were filled with popped-collar, balding jock types.  Ugh...
The beer is the only reason this place gets two stars.  They have a pretty ok selection, but nothing to write home about. 
The music sucks.
If you are thinking about going to this place don't.  Walk one block west to Grace's Tavern or two blocks south to The Sidecar.Okay beer selection, but overpriced.  The food is okay bar food.  Lots of button-up and polo shirt types.
Me?  I'll stick to Grace or Pub & Kitchen (also button-up-y).  Or Doobie's.  Or...anywhere else.Be careful when you go to this place. Don't go without friends, in 2009 I was violently assaulted here while my friend was pushed out of the bar. There were a few guys and they seemed very friendly with the bartender. One person grabbed my arms and held me back while another male hit me in the face multiple times after a very small argument over who was up to shoot pool next. We waited all night so I know we were skipped multiple times and that was where the dispute started. The bartender and other staff did not come to my aid to protect me at all! If you come at night be wary of your safety or you may end up with a hurt jaw and blood coming from your head like I did. They allowed the people that assaulted me to leave before the police arrived. It all seemed like they allowed it. A lot of other reviews mention bad food, so do you really want to go to an unsafe bar with bad food?Once again, I am so impressed by the restaurant/bar scene.  This place is friendly, casual, and tasty.  
It can get pretty crowded, even during what seems like an off hour.  That's the only thing that keeps me from going there more often, even though I live nearby.Every time I go I'm pretty underwhelmed... with so many other options, I just can't justify going back.
The staff is always pretty nonchalant and the food is about as interesting as the décor, safe and typical.This place definitely hits the spot if you're looking for a laid back neighborhood bar. The beer list wasn't overwhelming, but it was seasonal and the servers are great with recommendations. Spacious tables with a back room that has a pool table. 
Food was tasty pub fare. The mussels were very good. The brie and blue cheese mushroom fondue came with a mountain of crusty bread and was really quite delicious. The Tuscan chicken sandwich was good, but I wish it had less spinach! Fries were clearly from frozen, but crispy nonetheless. Tends to get a bit loud in here (it was a Saturday, however), but it's a good spot if you're in the area.I was dining at this establishment with friends I was visiting and if I was not with friends I would have walked right out.  We ate at Ten Stone on May 31st and I had the worst service and food I have possibly ever had and I have been to every major city in the states. We were told by our waitress Meghan that the kitchen was switching over and no food could be served for 45 mins.  This was pretty crazy.  They would not even bring us bread and then 20 mins later a table sits next to us and gets nachos brought out to them.  They had a different waitress.  Not only was the waitress poor at giving decent service the manager was behind the bar talking to one of the cooks.  She was no help at all and when I asked that the manager comg over the waitress suggested that she not.  The soda was flat and the managers answer to me was to throw them in the sink and tell me that if mine was flat they all would be flat and made no offer of any other drink suggestions. Lost money right there.  While we were waiting for our food 10 other tables had food delivered.  This made NO SENSE if the kitchen was switching over and they coud not make anything.  Run don't walk from this place no matter how tempting it looks.Great neighborhood place to grab a bear and a bite. They have a pretty good beer selection and the food is actually pretty good. I must say the service was excellent and very accomodating. The place, while a bar, is actually a decent family place too and they were very accomodating of the kids.This place would get 5 stars but it's a bit pricey, which is why I'm only giving it four stars.  Here's the deal:
Beer:  This place has a great beer selection that changes often, which makes it a treat to go in frequently.  The bartenders are super attentive and really accommodating, especially if you happen to have no idea what sort of beer you'd like to sip on for the evening (thank you for letting me sample a few!).  
Food:  The buffalo wings were a nice starter to the meal.  Not the best I've ever had, but I would get them again.  The cobb salad was quite tasty and came with a good amount of toppings (I despise when you order a salad, and they give you two slivers of chicken or a spoonful of cheese sprinkled on top).  I really enjoy the tuna steak wrap.  The tuna is cooked very well, and like the salad, the accompanying ingredients were plentiful.  
Atmosphere:  I've been here three times and only once was it super crowded.  When that happens, it's a bit intense because it's a smaller joint.  When it's just the regulars around the bar though, a laid back atmosphere is created which allows for conversation and mingling amongst the patrons.
Overall:  Go for the beer; stay for the food...and more beer.  :)I came for brunch on a Saturday afternoon with friends and was greeted by what should have been a night crowd. A group of fratty bros were watching some sporting event or another and downing beers; loud music was blasting from the speakers; and I had to shout over the table to my friends. 
We all ordered eggs benedict and the hollandaise sauce, potatoes, and bread were great but between our 4 dishes, not one of the 8 eggs were poached correctly. The inside was soft-cooked and didn't allow you the satisfaction of poking and watching the yolk run over the bread on the bottom. Because this is such an essential component of eggs benedict, I have to dock stars. 
Beer selection was decent so I'd maybe come back for that, but certainly not the food nor the environment.Just a regular neighborhood bar- no thrills. The menu is mainly bar food. We were there on NYE and so we got a ton of carbs to load up on, including the brie dip. That was amazing! Could be better with some bacon bits in it, but it would also only making it more fattening. Beer selection isn't bad but don't ask for anything too fancy. I asked the bartender for gin and tonic with muddled cucumbers (which I then just changed to ANY cucumbers). She acted like it was asking her too much to go to the kitchen to get some cucumbers but we still tipped well. The next bartender was much better (seemed like everyone working there became nicer and nicer as the evening went on). He had no problem with my order and didn't complain.First time here and very disappointed, here are the reasons why:
1. Asked for a drink menu and they don't have one, however they do have a draft selection that is handwritten on a piece of paper with no prices. Wtf? 
2. Loaded nachos were decent except they pour a red sauce over the chips (wtf?) and the bottom half of the chips were all soggy from the sauce. I don't get it. How about put the sauce on the side? 
3. The server was less than thrilled to be there. We also had to hunt her down to get the check, I think she forgot about us. 
This goes without saying but we won't be returning to this place.DO NOT SIT AT A TABLE!!!!
The waitresses are crappy and act pissed off that they have to bring your food which is generally kinda mediocre. 
The bartenders are awesome and happy to serve you. The beer selection is decent. The fish tacos are yum! The risotto fritters suck.I hadn't come here in a couple years and I will never come back - at least not to eat. 
I used to love their mussels, but when I recently ordered them they were not good quality at all. The shells kept braking (never happened to me before...) and the mussels themselves tasted "dry", I'm really not sure how to even describe them. Overall not good. Not sure what changed, but it's a shame.This is a terrific neighborhood bar that I love for three reasons: 1. it's got a good, diverse beer list, 2. there is a huge selection of sandwiches, all of which I've tried so far I've liked, and 3. it's large and you can usually find a place to sit.I'm not the biggest fan of the rolls they use here for their burgers or pulled pork, and I think they charge about a dollar too much for domestic pints.
Other than that, I like their red pool table and the plasma tv in the back room.  The fireplace is also really cozy during the winter.   This place seems to be jammed full of Penn grad students and non-tenured professors who want to argue with you every night about politics and gas prices.They are lucky the food is good because they're service is one of the worst things i've ever experienced. Went to the bar to eat & drink at 4:30pm and it took 15 minutes for anyone to take our order (the place was empty. Also, I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt and order take out at 5pm on a Saturday but I called 7 times with no answer. It's sad because they are one of the few bars in the graduate hospital area & I live right next door, but I will never go here again.I thought Ten Stone was really tasty! Great casual place if you want a sandwich/wrap and a beer. Their "on tap" list was pretty long and varied. We didn't have slow service, but it also wasn't busy when we were there. I'd definitely go back.I ventured here once, hungry and looking for a quick fix. Tenstone did not disappoint. 
The jerk chicken cheesesteak was flavorful and moist, topped with sauteed onions and mushrooms, smothered in gouda cheese and a mango bbq sauce (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!).  I didn't taste much mango, but the balance of the other flavors and textures was great.  I also ordered a side cheese risotto fritters. Not a great fan of these appetizers. I thought that they were too dense and somewhat lacking in flavor. The only redeeming component of the dish was the side spicy rose sauce, which had chunks of carrots and tomatoes.  I only wished they gave me more sauce!We have to go back, Kate, We have to go back!
Since I went here in the weeks prior to the Lost finale, I found myself thinking this after eating lunch at Ten Stone.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend, and I'd say it met all my expectations. The bar had a nice, open-air feel and is full of warm, bright colors.
While the variety on the menu was decent, the beer list is awesome. However, as it was lunch, I just went for a cider (which they had in a bottle). I chose the Grilled Cheese on a Pretzel with honey mustard glaze as my meal and it was very good.
I'd like to check this place out again later in the day. But as long as I can go back for the Grilled Cheese Pretzel, I'll be content.Stopped by Ten Stone on Saturday night.  I think this place actually deserves 3.5 stars...it's a nice spot to meet up and start a night.  They have a decent selection of drafts and the bartenders are friendly enough.  That being said, if you are looking for cheap drinks or specials, this place isn't for you.why, oh why do i keep going back? i guess its the location and the outdoor seating! ten stone, you have so much potential!!!!! your menu sounds great, but i am always let down by the quality of the food--i can make something similar if not better at home (this is saying a lot). service is spotty, but the girls are always nice. seems like it may need some better management...step it up, guys!!!Not a bad neighborhood pub. The interior is spacious and clean. While the draught list is mediocre (and slightly overpriced), the food is A-plus - well beyond typical bar fare. I recommend the steak panini with a side salad.I want to start off by saying that ten stone is a great place to grab a few beers. I had never eaten here but was so excited to try their food. So I figured brunch would be a perfect time to grab a bite. 
Well was I ever disappointed with the meal. Ordered the ham and grilled cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top, the toast was beyond dry. The egg was very very over cooked and to top it off there was less than a slice of cheese on this bland, dry, flavorless sandwich. 
Left the bar very dissatisfied.This afternoon had a very small crowd but the vibe was very chill and the staff had some old school reggae playing softly in the background. Beer selection was great, and the Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak was amazing! It just enough kick balanced with mushrooms and a terrific mango sauce. Wow!A great place to get a good sandwich, beer and to watch the game. We even order take out from here. The take out was a little slow, but overall worth the wait.Had the flank steak and bacon sandwich and it was amazing! Also, La Chouffe beer was delicious and the sweet potato fries were perfection.  
FYI: we went on a Saturday afternoon with some locals and they said that the fries are different almost every time, but those were the best sweet potato fries they had ever had there! So, maybe we were just lucky?
We were more than satisfied.I had a great time, even though it was short, drinking and chatting with people at the 'Ten Stone'. Thank you Bill for putting together a fun lil' event of your very own. It was worth meeting some old and new faces here. 
The service was a bit slow and I guess since I was a new face to the bar, the bartenders were more concerned with their usual patrons. No biggie but what's the problem with some 'new blood', if anything we're paying either way. They had a nice selection on 'tap' and at least what I could smell and see, the food looked quite appetizing. I plan to come back and try some of their entrees. I really do like the interior design, reminds me of some of the bars I had visited when I was in Ottawa. 
There is definitely a "Drexel/U-Penn jocular" crowd, for the most part,(both colleges just across the South Street Bridge) but their are still some older gens and bohemians alike and that alone makes it a place with a diverse atmosphere. 
I used to live quite close to this establishment and roommates in the past told me to come here but I do plan on making a return to the place where apparently Elvis Costello did one of this first shows at whatever the bar was before he got famous in the 80s.