So sad, I used to love this place back when they used to serve huge heaping bowls of delicious pad thai, pad see ew, and thai basil noodles.  It looks like the restaurant is under new owners/chef and the new dishware gives it away that it's probably a Chinese family.  And not surprisingly, the noodles just taste like chicken chow fun now.  For $12 a dish, this is unacceptable.  Oh well, I'm not too surprised I guess, given that some Philly greats like Noble and James have recently gone out of business.
(I've given my rating an extra star for the new Caucasian male waiter they've hired who is a total sweetheart and a great server.)This place is so close to home, and my friend -- who is pregnant with twins -- was quite hungry, so I wanted to love the place.  No dice.
The underwater murals on the walls were whimsical, the menu was ambitious and the lunch-special prices were great.  That, however, is pretty much where it ends.  We each started with the Tom Kha soup and salad.  The salad was really tasty, but we can make a dressing of vinegar, sugar and fish sauce at home, and soup was sweet and quite bland - no heat and little to no galanga(l).  I ordered the pad thai (often my first "baseline" dish at a new Thai place) and it too suffered from being overly sweet - no tamarind flavor and they served it with an orange wedge instead of lime; additionally, it was a bit oily and the chicken was like rubber.  My friend, who loves fried rice, ordered the Thai fried rice only to discover that it had *frozen* peas, lima beans and carrot cubes in it.
Service-wise, I have to say Thai Chef fell flat too.  The two women working that afternoon were definitely uninterested in being there and in the customers' experience.  They rushed all of the entrees to the table while diners were still eating the first courses: the woman behind us asked if they could keep the entree in an oven or something while so it wouldn't get cold while they ate their appetizers and the server replied that she could heat it in microwave.  Egad!  Otherwise, the servers pretty much kept to themselves - no refilling of water glasses or checking on how our meals were.  Overall, the sort of dining experience that leaves one asking what happened and why.Had lunch here with Pat D. (what a sweetie she is!  and a great yelper, too.) and it was terrific.  Note:  If you are from Thailand or a true hot & spicy Thai lover you'll likely have to ask them to "kick it up a notch" but for people like me who like "wimpy" Thai - this place is great.
Decor is freshly painted with brand new everything (red wodd chairs) and a big blue sea-scape mural painted on the walls.
Service was quick and quiet - just great.
My 3 course lunch special (if you eat in it's 7.95 - 11.95) included a soup (I got the "ravioli" aka  wonton soup - clear broth and light, yummy wontons -2), appetizer (I got the Tom Sum - Thai salad made with cabbage instead of the usual - and more pricey green papaya), and entree (I had Masaman Curry with Tofu which was coconutty and mild - which I love - and I ate every bit.)
I will DEFINITELY be back.
YAY for close-by Thai!!!AWESOME AFFORDABLE LUNCH!
Thanks to Karen F. tippoff, I had a great cheap lunch.  3 courses for under $10 is a perfect treat for thai.  Soup and appetizer came out in just a minute of so.  I had the coconut soup which I slurped down to the last drop.  It was great.  The Moon Dumplings were fried but really fresh, crispy and tasty.  Im sure they're healthy for me.  For my entree I chose the green curry and it was really delicious.  It wasnt super spicey but enough to be flavorful.  I believe that you can request for hotter but this was so good, I needs no improving in my opinion.   My friend had the pad thai and said it was really great.  The  bill for the two of us was  only $19.30 and service was faster than I usually want but hey, I only had an hour for my lunch break and still had time for coffee on the way back to work.I came here for dinner.  It was pretty good, but kind of deserted for 7:30 PM.  I had the Yellow Curry which, while tasty, did not contain enough chicken (they also didn't really seem to give me enough rice.)  The Thai Rolls were good, and the food overall was solid, particularly for the price.The ambiance is.... Special.  Something like..."Darling  its better down where it is wetter - under the sea!".  Very little mermaid feel  But since we came here on 2/4, it was also decorated in giant red hearts. 
It's a BYO, conveniently located right near the wine and spirits shop on chestnut. 
I have been here twice now, and both times everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals, including one chef that was dining with us. Went on weekend nights both times and didnt have to wait, but it also wasnt creepily desolate.  The place is definitely not fancy - but for good, cheap Thai food you can't go wrong.  Or if you're looking to be "part of their world". (sorry, I had to)I've been here twice and the first time was definitely better than the second.  The first time I came for the lunch special and I was impressed by how fast the food came out.  Then I thought twice about it...  The room quickly filled up on this Friday afternoon, and then service became significantly slower.  Still, I enjoyed my Vegetable Spring Rolls and Vegetable Pad Thai. 
Second time I came for dinner on Sunday night.  Service was either off, or I hadn't noticed it before how slow it was.  Lemongrass soup was good!  Slightly spicy, delicious.  But neither of our entrees were anything special.  Again, I got the pad thai-- I'm just the kinda girl that likes to get something that's guaranteed good... which in this case was a serious disappointment because there was no flavor and hardly any vegetables.  The massaman curry was very thin also and not very tasty.
That's too bad about the food because the decor was fun.I really love this place for lunch.  Its inexpensive, its friendly, and its oh so close to work.  Also something different from the usual slice of pizza boringness.  I've been going since they first opened and my 3 favorite thai dishes are done pretty well.  Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Red curry all tasty and filling.  Usually I do them all with tofu and vegetables--I do eat meat but for some reason I like curry with tofu--maybe because the tasty curry sauce soaks into the tofu?  In any case, the red curry is well done and very satisfying.  I have been with people who tried and loved the alligator...not my thing but nice to see they have some more exotic options!I've only been here once, and I enjoyed my meal. They had a lunch special, a 3-course lunch for $8.95. I got ravioli (they were dumplings) soup, a spring roll, and a tofu eggplant dish. The food was delicious, but they brought out our entree before I had a chance to finish the appetizer, and so my entree got a little cold. The waiter never asked if we wanted a drink other than water, and it took him over 20 minutes after we finished eating to bring us a check. However, he happily split our check for us.
The paintings on the walls were a little strange and didn't seem to go with the actual restaurant theme at all. 
The food part was delicious.Went for lunch with a friend. The people were really nice and the food was very good.
My friend had the lunch combo of spicy noodles which were really spicy (in a good way). And the combo is a great deal for lunch.
I had the pad thai (but didn't want the combo), instead I seemed to get the biggest bowl of pad thai I've ever seen. I think they compensated for my not wanting the combo, by giving me more food, and giving me the cheaper price. Thanks. It was so much food, and really good. Overflowing with noodles, tofu, and veggies. Worth going to again.
Their dinner menu appears to have even more vegan/vegetarian items (like mock duck) which is worth trying.I've been here a few times when I was craving something ethnic and (very) reasonably priced.  
- The lemongrass and coconut soups are pretty fantastic;
- the Thai salad isn't anything special;
- the chicken satay is worth having at least once;
- the pad thai is a little on the sweet side for me but still very good and very filling; and
- the red curry is quite tasty.
The decor is "unique" (I actually think the underwater mural is pretty amusing) and the wait staff doesn't have the best command of English, but the service is prompt & attentive, the food is yummy (although I'm not an authority to say on how authentic it is), and the value can't be beat.  I definitely recommend trying it.i was SO excited after a good foobooz writeup about this place... something about the thai place to make you stop saying you can't get good thai food in philly.  unfortunately i'm still saying that... and the longer i live here, the whinier i get.  i'm even annoying myself.  so anyway, i was bursting at the seams with excitement when i tried this place about a month ago and i was so, so, so underwhelmed.  i'm not even sure if it stacks up with other sub-par thai experiences here!  i mean, the cuisine is pretty much tasty by default; nothing was bad... it's just... so painfully average.  which is the last word anyone should ever use to describe thai food with all those exciting ingredients!  no flavor in the coconut milk soup... no spice in the drunken noodles.  beautiful walls, though slightly awkward dining room setup... too many tables in there.  felt like everyone else was witnessing my spirits fall when our food arrived.  i am going to be such a crotchety bitch when i get old!!!Walked in quite hungry, walked out quite full - this place gets my approval. When the GIGANTIC bowl of pad thai came out I thought "yeah I can take that" but.. I was wrong. I was defeated at an embarrassing rate; I didn't even make a dent in that thing. I would also like to take note of the enchanting (great word) underwater murals. It makes me happy that I don't eat seafood because how can you look at a picture of this beautiful underwater life when you're wolfing down RECENT KILL? Great food, great price, greatly underrated.Pretty good lunch special for the value, but the decor was strange and the food, while solid, was unspectacular. There are better Thai places in the area (Thai Singha Take-Out, for example), but this is a good option if you're looking for a nice cheap d sit-down lunch or dinner.Were it not for the practically drool-accompanied commendations that gushed from my pal's mouth as we looked for a spot to grab dinner, I would have never dreamed of entering this astoundingly colored storefront. Sorry, I tend to be a bit of an aesthete, though I think the surrealistically assembled murals and accents that pass for decor here could scare away the colorblind. But this is some of the tastiest Thai I've had in town, if not anywhere.
The dumplings, which my friend dreams about during late night pangs of hunger, were honestly surprising - how a simple pot sticker could be made so savory I don't know, but I'll say the salivary reveries are justified. I couldn't resist a dish daringly titled Jungle King - chicken with vegetables and spices (was that cilantro I detected?) - and was rewarded for my "regal" choice with an appropriately lush medley of flavors. 
The pad thai, brown loafer of asian dishes, was also quite surprisingly well crafted. The portions are ample - I'm a real hog, and I ended up entirely stuffed. The menu's got a lot to offer - I'll be eager rate the curries next time I'm in the neighborhood. And I'm sure I'll be having dreams (vivid ones) of Thai Chef & Noodle Fusion for a while.The thai food in here is authentic as Olive Garden is to Italian food. The rude young women who appear to run this restaurant know that if you make it look good, people might be willing to pay the outrageous prices even though the quality is average. Thai Laos on 11th and right off Washington is much more authentic, tasty & adequately priced.   If only these women knew I speak thai and could understand everything they were saying about the people in the restaurant, including one american lady who dared to ask for soy sauce. Rude workers, expensive & nice looking food that tastes like chain restaurant food. Pass on this dump!!!I met up with friends at 6:45 on a Friday night and the place was empty which was a little worrisome at first, but all 15 or so tables were full by the time we left an hour later. 
The food was delicious. I had the Mango Curry (chicken). Two important things to note though: the dishes are served individually, so no family style dining, and if you want it to be spicing you have to specifically ask for it. 
The decor is the opposite of boring, which is refreshing for Asian restaurants and the staff put a lot of care into origami napkins and straw wrappers.Came here again (and again) and it's still greta and still a great value at $8/95 for a 3 course sit down lunch.
Masaman Curry or Pad-See_Ew are my faves here.  Soooo tasty.
And Pookie - one of the servers - is a doll.The three course lunch was a great bargain, and lots of good food to boot. The staff was very cheery and friendly, the interior is sparse but pleasant. 
I got the dumplings which had a great curry/sweet flavor that I wasn't expecting, and the spicy soup which was true to its name. The pad thai was a good size portion and most importantly very good! And while I'm still craving Boston's Brown Sugar regularly, I may turn to Thai Chef & Noodle to sate that craving. 
In my continuing search for good thai food in Philly this was a delicious surprise. 
Yay I'm a fan indeed!Amazing take-out spot! 
The Tom Yum soup is delicious!! so is the Bangkok eggplant, and sweet & sour entree (I had it with beef).Horrible service to the point where I had to say "seriously can we get some service" after waiting 30 minutes.  
Food was ok just ok, taste like Thai food.  Nothing special about this place would not return.We just went here for dinner, and it will definitely not be the last time! They have a nice big menu, full of both the recognizable Thai dishes and a good amount of things I hadn't seen before; also a variety of Vietnamese, Cambodian, Japanese, etc, dishes thrown into the mix, with a lot of vegetarian options toboot! Prices still not too bad for dinner, and big portions.Delicious and fun! My friends and I came here one late Saturday night to drink ourselves into oblivion. Well, not oblivion- we're classier than that- but a group of 6 and 4 bottles of wine is definitely calling for some fun.
I have to start off by saying that there version of fried ice-cream is one of the best I've had. It was delicious and as I came here already having eaten dinner, it was the perfect way to end my day.
I sampled some food from my friends plates and it was scrumptious. The spring rolls are very good and I heard the moon dumplings are fantastic as well. The portions are a very good size and not too expensive. 
We came here late at night, about an hour before the kitchen closed, on a Saturday, and people were still coming in in a steady pace. Our waitress was hilarious and gave us pretty good service. I'm quite sure we had the most fun out of all the diners. 
It was a wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back.when we first stepped into this sea themed restaurant (the walls are covered in coral reef/oceanic designs), i was expecting a seriously cheap meal.   sure it's not the most eye catching decor in the history of restaurant interior design, but the food was SOOO good!  Very fresh.  Felt very homemade.  The service was a bit on the slow side, but the FOOD DEFINITELY made up for it.  Needless to say, the group of 6 people I went with was SHOCKED...in a good way :)  Check it out! BON APETITE!!!If you're looking for a typical eloquent,hipster Yelp review full of amazing words off Thesaurus.com click your back button now. This place is bad. Really bad. If you want to go here, instead just give me your money and I will kick you in the ass and stomach until you can't take it anymore. It would be exactly the same.Perfect lunch spot! 
For $9, you get soup, a small appetizer, and an entree. All were tasty, satisfying, and fast. And the portions were VERY filling and there were plenty of choices, even thought it is a separate prix fixe menu. 
I had Tom Yum soup (excellent broth, made with chicken instead of shrimp, lots of veggies), Moon dumplings (DELICIOUS), and Pad-Se-Ew (wide noodles with chicken, broccoli, and brown sauce). 
while Thai Chef isn't gourmet and doesn't have flashy decor, its inexpensive and hits the spot. What more can you ask for?Had dinner here last night with some friends.  The place was small.  I love the under the sea decorations on the walls.  The service was fast and efficient.  We never have to ask for more water.
I had the pad thai and asked for extra spicy.  The huge addition of pepper flakes testified to the fact that they listened.  I enjoyed my dish a lot especially considering that I ate a late lunch and was not hungry to begin with.  The price was decent also.  Will definitely go back and try other stuff on the menu.I'm thai person  i know about my country food This restaurant the food is not good  one time I order pad see ew  taste is suck  () and waiter not serve good "not take care good   Suck.  If you want to looking for good thai food  go to 11washington st  name thai loas  is in phily  waiter serve good  food taste Good :-)  if you live cherry hill  "" the best  thai food  in phily   call A Little thai Kichen  1900 Green Rd    food  ''soooo Good  original thai food  :-)Drunken noodles are amazing. Tom yam soup not what u usually get but not necessarily bad. Service is... Authentic? SE Asia slowwwwI really enjoy Thai Chef.  
Tons of Vegetarian selections.  Even veggie soup!
The Curries are always right on the money for me.  Tasty, decent portion and not to spicy for me.  Though I like the noodle dishes, sometimes I wish they had a bit more sauce.  What is interesting though is the noodle dishes have flavor, just not really wet.
The dinner special of 11-12 is a great deal!  Seriously a good deal which is what I go for.  I've never had bad service in general it is clean, decently priced and yummy food!After many return visits, the cheapest lunch deal in town (still at $7.95/$8.95) quickly lost its luster once it seemed as though most of the food served here is thrown together without any culinary prowess.
You get a lot of food for your buck but that food is mediocre at best.  The soups and most of the saucy dishes are strewn with barely cooked vegetables (most often loads of raw white onion) and the flavor profile is sometimes almost non-existent (and often very sweet).  The curry sauces are pretty good, but the noodle dishes need some work.  The salads are served deconstructed, and as other reviewers have mentioned the dressings and a lot of dishes are missing complexity and some heat.
Definitely not a detour worthy place, but still a so-so cheap lunch out.  And that décor gives me the spins.2.5 stars..
Not sure why but this place just didn't fit right with me.  It might have to do with the fact that the inside is decorated and painted like an underwater scene, but nothing on the menu had seafood (lunch menu, anyway).
This is a really odd little place, really.  It's supposed to be a Thai place, but it had Pho on the menu.  Not only that, but the Pho was really weird.. not bad, just weird.  (yeah, don't know why I got Vietnamese at a Thai place).  
Perhaps I'll go back one of these days if I'm feeling up for it, but the feel of the place was really weird to me for some reason...So glad to have tasty and affordable thai food nearby! We ordered pad see yew (sp?) and drunken noodles -- the drunken noodles were a winner, despite another Yelper's mediocre review. Check out their menu on menupages.com since they dont have a website - it's really diverse!
Plan ahead - delivery is painfully slow!Decent Thai place that also delivers! Find their menu at http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/thai-chef-noodle-fusion/
I've ordered from here twice and have been satisfied each time. We've had the pad-thai, pad se ew, and garlic beef - all of which have been super tasty and delivered hot and fresh. I took a star off because I think some of their dinner entrees are quite expensive (18 bucks for duck curry, really?) Seems like lunches are better value overall.Not great, but cheap, and BYO. This place seems to suffer from pan-Asian syndrome--pho and Chinese dishes are offered as well as stalwart classics like curry and pad thai. I enjoyed the Tom Yum soup, but my Pad See-Ew was super bland and so greasy it wouldn't stay on my fork. Thankfully my dining partner and I knew to bring wine--she mentioned that the food is good for a quick takeout lunch, as she works in the area, but I wouldn't recommend it for a sit-down dinner. I haven't tried many other Thai places in Center City, but there must be somewhere with fresher, better imagined Thai food than here.While it is an obvious fact that food is always better when the time between being cooked and being served is low, you can sometimes determine the true quality of that food when you only experience it after an hour plus wait.
Last night it was raining and I was in deep 'staying inside and watching The Mighty Boosh' territory, but also had a craving for some Thai. I ordered from Thai Chef and Noodle Fusion because, on Grub Hub, they were the only Thai place without a $7 delivery fee (though there was a $15 minimum purchase requirement). 
I didn't get fancy with my order, just pad thai and tom yum soup...grub hub estimated that it would take an hour for my food to arrive, but i was okay with that. Half an hour after the ETA of my food, however, I was getting antsy. I contacted the grub hub people and they told me the restaurant was running behind, apologized, and gave me a $5 coupon for my next order through the site. A full hour (plus a little) after the expected delivery time, my food arrived. The biker/delivery person was very apologetic, noting he was the only driver for the night. I'm not a bitch, and it was an awful night to be going around driving food, so I tipped him properly and went inside to enjoy my food.
Thing of it is: the food wasn't that great. I know that Pad Thai isn't the most authentic of dishes, but it can still be done so it pops with flavor and a little spice. This did not happen. While not awful, it was not very satisfying, even though I was H-U-N-G-R-Y. The Tom Yum soup was also a disappointment, didn't have enough lemongrass or kick to it for my liking, and (maybe this betrays my own lack of knowledge about true Thai cuisine) it had big chunks of not cooked button mushrooms instead of what I consider the more standard straw mushroom.
Maybe things would have been better if I had gone in to eat? As it is, I was left unimpressed on every count.It was very ok!
-Arrived around 7:45pm and the place was half full. It stayed that way throughout the night. Tables turned regularly.
-Staff was freindly and efficient. It seems they work as a team so there was always someone near by.
-The oragami napkins were cool and Mel and I tried hard to figure out how to do it. I might actually go back and ask them to teach me.
-The food was above average to good. I agree with having to ask for the food to be spicy. But be very specific. Mel asked for it as described in the menu and it wasn't spicy at all. I asked for it a little spicy and it was VERY spicy.
-I had the Crab Rangoon app. and it was very good. I had Crab Pad Thai and it was ok. It had tofu in it and I HATE Tofu. In fact, I checked the menu again thinking I made a mistake. I didn't, they did. I picked around it.
-Mel had a beef dish that was huge, but bland.
-I'd go back because the menu was huge, the food we had was pretty good, and I'm convinced there a hidden gems waiting to be found.While this place does not look like a thai restaurant at all, they have amazing food! Their decor is definitely strange, but their Thai Sarong Shrimp appetizer (like tempura but with crispy thin noodles), Crab Pad Thai, and Mango Curry Shrimp are amazing! Their owner is really nice and remembers you when you come in more than once. Portions are also large which compensates for their price. I think a lot of people don't like the ambiance but the food makes up for it. I recommend dining in since the food just does not taste as good take out. It seems a little pricey for "take out" stuff, but as a casual dinner out when you don't want to get dressed up, its perfect!This place is a total odd ball. I stayed away from it for months, even though it's only a block from my apartment, until one of my friends admitted that it was one of her favorite after-work places. To me, Thai Chef looks like a total piece of crap. Obvious name advertising "fusion" (i.e. anything with soy sauce that we can make in our kitchen) plus the fact that there are never any customers inside made me very wary. 
Anyway, it's BYOB, so we decided to load up on two bottles of wine and some noodles. I had the singapore noodles, which were alright, kind of under-seasoned, but the bowl was surprisingly well put together. My friend had her favorite Pad See Yu, which was also alright.
I think this place would be fine for a lunch special or a pre-game BYOB dinner. Otherwise, I'll go for real thai food.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Food: 2
Price: 3
Decor: 2 (little mermaid theme was a little weird....)
Service: 4
Wild card: Close to my apartment?Service is very slow on first time here. Food and menu is fair but nothing special. Try another Thai Restaurant.I've been here for the lunch special a couple times, and it is a great deal. $9 for soup, salad or appetizer and an entree is definitely a good price for lunch. The food has always just been ok, but for the price you couldn't complain. However, they have a $15 credit card minimum which can present a problem. 
I came here last night to pick up food since it seemed to be the only place open late on a sunday in the entire city of Philadelphia. We ordered pad thai and qua gai (sp?) with shrimp, and in the five minutes it took us to walk there, it was ready. We were surprised to see that each one was almost $15... I'm used to paying around $10. We checked the menu and ifound that the prices were actually wrong, and had to listen to the waitress complain while we waited for her to fix it. After all this trouble, my pad thai was pretty tasteless and dry. I probably not be back considering all the better options in the area.BYOB.  Lunch & dinnner; eat in or take out.  Delivery, with a $15 minimum.
Awesome.  Not the typical "Thai restaurant" decor:  very bright and airy, with underwater scenes painted on all the walls.  I wasn't sure of the decor's connection with the restaurant until I noticed that the menu says "Please visit our Under Sea Dining".  I didn't notice any elephants.
The service was excellent -- very attentive.  My lunch partner had been there earlier in the week, and the waitress greeted her by name!  The food was satisfying as well, with a very nice selection.  Probably the most telling thing was that the place was almost full -- that's a good sign!  
The lunch deal is the best.  $7.95/$8.95 for 3 courses (eat in only).  A soup, an app and a main course.  Can't beat it.  A la carte prices look very reasonable, both at lunch and at dinner.  I had Tom Yum Soup, two Shrimp & Corn Cakes, and Pad Se Ew, accompanied by green tea.  My lunch partner had something called Ravioli Soup ("Home made shrimp & chicken dumpling"), a Spring Roll and Masaman [sic] Curry.  No dessert on this visit, but the selections look intriguing;  I'll try one another time.  The bill, including tax, was $20 for the two of us.  
For dinner, they have an option similar to that offered by a number of other Thai restaurants:  they offer a list of 12 or so various sauces/preparations, then you pick the protein (chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, calamari, mixed seafood, or tofu w/ vegetables) that you want prepared with it.  The various protein options are priced accordingly.  You can work your way through the menu, for instance, with tofu done a different way for 12 meals, then move on to chicken.  That's 84 different combinations before you even touch the rest of the menu!
The rest of the dinner menu is extensive.  Going with the Under Sea Dining theme, the seafood selections include soft shell crab, tuna, salmon, seabass, red snapper, catfish, and the usual shrimp, scallops, mussels & etc.  You can even snap up something called "Winning Alligator" ("sauteed slice alligator, eggplant, onion, bell pepper, with julienne ginger, soy bean, green peppercorn Thai aromatic herb sauce").  There is an especially wide selection of vegetarian dishes, including soups, apps and entrees.  It looks as though you can ask them to adjust the spice level to your taste:  "Little spicy, extra spicy, very spicy (hot)".  
Oh, and for those Phans of Pho -- they've got it.
If you are walking by, you can pick up a menu from the menu-holder near the door, take it back home or to the office, and drool.  
I will be going back -- soon.Short on cash and feeling the effects of the Economy but still looking to lunch?  
For taste, affordability, and fast service, look no further than Thai Chef.  What a DEAL.  $7.95/$8.95 Lunch special that includes your choice of soup (4 options, I got the yummy Tom Kha),  appetizer (salad or choice of rolls, dumplings, etc) and then your main course (a wide selection of noodle and rice dishes)  The selection is varied and you can't beat the price.  They serve the first two together and the main course almost piggy-backs it. They're lightning fast.  And the eats are mighty tasty.
The decor inside is uber trippy, painted in an under-the-sea motif that accompanies a motley crue of light fixtures.
This place is definitely in my top five for cheapest and most delicioso lunch eats in the city.Unexpectedly good. 
I was walking by, had a hankering for Thai, and happened to look at the menu. 
Ordered the green curry with chicken. It wasn't the greatest ever, but solid. Could have been spicier, more coconut-y, but all in all, good, fast and cheap.I went here alone for lunch today at around 2:45.  I had high hopes after the appetizers but was a bit let down by the main course.
The coconut cilantro chicken soup was fantastic and far exceeded my tentative expectations.  The salad was standard (lettuce, cabbage, egg noodles, cucumber, tomato and peanut dressing) but satisfying--I would have asked for more dressing, but by the time I was beginning the salad after finishing the soup, the entrée had already been brought out.  I was one of three people in the restaurant at the time, so I don't know if this very fast service should be considered standard, but it was appreciated nonetheless.  
The red curry with tofu was slightly disappointing.  I would have liked it to be spicier.  The curry was watery and a bit overwhelmed by the vegetables.  The tofu was also watery and undercooked--it felt and tasted like it had just been thrown in last minute, instead of tasting like it was integrated with the dish.  The portion was a bit on the small side for Thai, but an appropriate size for lunch.  
The restaurant itself was nicely decorated but, even mostly empty felt cramped with tables and chairs lined up without any real attempt at an aesthetic arrangement.  
Overall, for $8.95 I feel I got my money's worth, though I would have rather paid a few extra dollars for small improvements with the main dish.yayyyyyyyyy!!  Go here!! Go here!! Go here!!  Because if this place goes out of business I'll cry.  Finally, good Thai in Philly. I've been missing it for so long. 
I've eaten in or gotten take out 4 times this week and everything has been delicious (and very veggie friendly!!!).You know how this happens -- you start narrowing your lunch choices down to the ones that everyone likes every time? That's Thai Noodle Fusion. We order lunch for the office every day, and we have it down to a narrow list of all-time faves. We like this place.
I get the standard pad thai -- yeah, I know, the cool kids don't get that anymore -- but I've also gotten the red or green curry. Love it. The food is consistently tasty, hot and good. This one's highly recommended, and gets a 4 for a lunch place, which is high praise indeed.The masaman curry was delicious, but the Vietnam rolls were only so-so.  The menu had plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, so the variety was great.  Service was a bit slow, but I got my food before I started gnawing the legs off the chair.If Fuji Mountain was closed again, I'd definitely come. Decent chicken pad thai and drunken noodle!!
-T&NIf there was a possibility to give a lower rating, I would. Stopped by Thai Chef & Noodle Fusion to grab a meal while a friend was in town visiting. The food had absolutely NO seasoning whatsoever. The pad thai was so bland that we had to throw it out, and the curry was basically an incredibly spicy bowl of green goo. Not a single thing that was even slightly edible, and they charged us over $30!! 
Definitely one of the worst meals I have ever had.What happened to this place?!!! 
In the past few times that I have gone (last 6-8 months) have been so disappointing!!! 
the curry dishes are watery; the flavor is lacking; everything is just off. still good service, but the food just isn't the same...
how sad.I've been here a lot of times, about once a week, and overall it's a pretty solid Thai place.  I'd go here over Smile and Erawan any day.  
The prices are good and the food is good, if not spectacularly amazing.  I'm partial to the green curry, but the tofu with sweet basil sauce is also quite good.
It is a bit awkward going there so much, though, because we live around the corner and will frequently see one of the waitresses on her way to work.  It's really sweet, though, because she just waves and asks when we're coming back and how our dog is doing.  We've gotten nothing but great, friendly service there.seriously, thai, only a few blocks from my house?  be still my heart!
now, this is no chicago thai food (my heart always breaks a little with that comment...  but still, this place is good.  it's fast.  super fast.  it's cheaper than erawan.  
and the food!  i feel like i could almost be in gary indiana, that's how close it is to the chicago thai food it is!
ps-lunch special is such a good price, i could eat there by my lonesome just to get the deal.Neighborhood gem!  This BYO is an excellent place for a small group to dine.  The portion sizes are ridiculous and almost guarantee another meal (3 out of 4 people at my table took food home and they had no appetizer).  Moon dumplings were a bit greasy, but still delicious.  Any noodle dish or curry is a sure thing.  They also have some pretty outstanding desserts that you might want to leave room for.  They run an amazing lunch deal for $8 you get soup, entree and dessert.  I've been here a number of times and will certainly go back.This is my one of my favorite Thai places. It's inexpensive, friendly and unpretentious, with huge entree portions even for lunch. Delicious Drunken Noodles!