Expensive but expansive beer selection. Good place to get a beer, a sandwich and hang out with friends for lunch. Occasional beer tastings, a plus.This place is awesome.  So glad it opened up.  The manayunk/roxborough neighborhood was a barren wasteland for buying craft beers in small increments until this place opened it's doors.  This place has the best selection on Micros and is perfect if you are looking to customize your own 6'er.  Can't comment on the food because I haven't had any yet, but the beer selection is amazing.  Just know that this place isn't a bar and isn't a distributor it's a hybrid and it's priced that way.  I love the tastings they have set up on certain nights and it is very welcoming atmosphere.A favorite neighborhood bottle shop! Great prices. This is a fun place to taste new beers and work on your Untappd badges. They have tons of snacks and full service deli, too. There is plenty of room to work or meet with friends!I've driven by the Foodery numerous times over the past year, and after my visit tonight I am kicking myself for not coming in sooner. I blame the little street parking in that area of Ridge Ave, but hey, I guess it's time to suck it up.
Foodery has a huge selection of beers both local and imported. I was really pleased to find a case devoted to ciders and lambics as well. Sadly I couldn't find my cassis lambic nor my Strongbow cider, my two bottled go-to's when I drink on rare occasions. The grocery selection is also really outstanding -- lots of organic, specialty items in stock.
The deli guy was really friendly in recommending me the Son of Diablo, but I opted for the Cajun Turkey panini. So delicious and exactly what I needed. The bread was deliciously toasted and I enjoyed the substitution of sundried tomato pesto instead of mayo. I'll definitely have to come back to try more of their sandwiches when I'm in the mood for a lazy evening!I was a regular customer at The Foodery Roxborough for quite a while because it's a 5-minute drive from my home, picking up bottled craft beers and filling my growlers whenever they had something interesting on tap - until I went to the Brewpub at Whole Foods in Plymouth Meeting and found that the same beers were almost HALF THE PRICE!  One of my favorite beers was $19.95 for a large bottle at The Foodery but at Whole Foods it was $10.95 for the same thing!  Another was $13.95 for a 4-pack at Whole Foods but $6.95 for a single bottle at The Foodery.  Seems very strange that there would be such a significant difference in price at a store that is just 25 minutes away in the same state!  Don't buy beers from The Foodery, folks, it's a colossal rip-off!Although I appreciate the extensive selection of craft and specialty beers, I do not like over paying for said beers.  The same beers at Weiss Market (on the Ridge) and Wegmans sell for substantially less money.  The savings over The Foodery prices more than makes up for the extra drive.  Plus you then have a much broader, and less expensive, food selection.  I also noticed that the cold beer section has gotten smaller since The Foodery opened.  Seems to be more non-craft domestic beer and less craft/specialty beers.  The woman in front of me, tonight, purchased her Bud and asked for a brown paper bag to create a traveler.  Didn't The Foodery assure the neighbors that this would not happen?Im in love with this place! The staff is super friendly and helpful. They have draft beer available which is great while you wait for your sandwich to come out. And the beer selection is awesome, so many different varieties to create your very own six pack. 
I ordered an Italian hoagie to eat in and a Yards raspberry tart which came with  a free glass, come up! After i finished my hoagie i then created my six pack, i felt like a kid in a candy shop. I left there feeling satisfied and excited to come back!The girl at the counter never offered to help us, I had to ask her where to order a sandwich since there was no one behind the deli counter, and then ask her again to ring us up. Great beer selection but insanely overpriced. And then I get home-and my sandwich wasn't even close to what I ordered. Chicken instead of turkey, no tomato or bacon, I got green peppers and avocado instead, and it wasn't toasted. Ridiculous.There are many things to like about the Foodery.
Best beer selection.
Mix and match 6 packs
Eat/drink-in
Tastings
Live music
Deli
All natural groceries
And it's basically the only interesting business on RIdge Ave.
The only con is the PRICE is a bit steep!They got everything you'd need for a quick lunch. I got a chicken breast sandwich on a focaccia bread, which was banging, with a bag of Korean BBQ chips, and an Evil Genius IPA. I will definitely keep them in mind anytime I want a quick lunch in roxborough!Wile I really do like this place A LOT, the beer prices are crazy, insane high.  Deli sandwich prices and snack food prices are OK and reasonable but the typical beer that I drink ends up being $7.99 for a 12 oz bottle and some of the big corked bottles are $26-28.  Sorry but that's insane.  My favorite sandwich is the "Snack Time" which is crunchy peanut butter, bananas and honey on toasted whole wheat.  It's RAD.Awesome selection of beers! Every time I go I have the option of trying something new. The freedom to put together custom 6-packs comes with a hefty price tag (anywhere from $12 - $30s if you pick all imported Belgians), but it's a nice treat
The deli is great too! Personal favorite is the Diablo sandwich toasted (buffalo chicken with avocado). Delicious!My bf and I stopped in here because we read it was dog friendly and wanted a quick lunch during a workday. They had a huge deli menu and obviously options to customize but I ended up ordering the corned beef special and the bf ordered the WOW sandwich. They were both delicious.
We grabbed some chips and drinks from the huge selection at the back of the store.
The only slightly awkward hiccup was that they don't take your name or give you any sort of number so somehow you're supposed to just have a "sense" of when your sandwich is ready and go check. After me or my bf had checked three times the guy (yes just 1 guy) making the sandwiches said he would bring them to us if we were eating here.  He never said anything the first two times we came up to check.
It took maybe 15min to get our sandwiches because there were a few people ahead of us. Don't mind the wait just wish that they would figure out an ordering system that is not so awkward! Numbers, names, literally anything you can call out works. 
Overall: great food with lots of selection, dog friendly, but need a better ordering system so you know when your food is ready!Walking through The Foodery for my first time, I felt -- Confused.
You see, I thought a place called "The Foodery" would be a good place for getting gourmet-like food items. But when I stopped in for my first time recently, looking to pick up a bottle or two of San Pellegrino or other frizzy mineral water (which I thought would be a slam-dunk for what I thought was a food place, right?), I totally struck out. Instead of my usual trip to K-Mart or Acme, I figured I'd stop in for something I thought they MUST also have, but didn't! Sure, I saw some small lonely water bottles in one section of the cooler, and on the bottom shelf there was a glass bottle of Evian something-or-other for four bucks (yeah, THAT ain't happening!), but that was it. None of the 'usual suspects' in the field of mineral water. Weird.
"So", I thought, "What's their mission here?" I wandered around looking at other food items that this "Foodery" might sell. A chips aisle, okay. Some esoteric-looking condiments on sparsely-stocked shelves nearby. In the cheese cooler, I found factory cheeses you can easily see in your out-in-the-sticks IGA, or loaded onto any Nobel-Sysco truck. There seemed to be no attempt to have any kind of semi-comprehensive inventory, however humble, though - instead only "having what they have" and that's it. For food items, I found, The Foodery fantastically fizzles.
Alright, I hear some of you screaming at me. It's a bottle store that sells and/or purports to sell enough food to, I assume, not run afoul of the state ABC. Okay. But if we look at it that way, it's still a strange feeling place to me. Look, If I were going to open a cozy, hangout, craft beer place, it would be an intimate-feeling setting, like an English pub, lots of wood, booths, tasting bar, etc. And yes, I've not forgot the dogs - with an outdoor stone or slate patio, framed with boxwoods or whatever. It certainly wouldn't be a brightly-lit, high-ceilinged, white Armstrong Premium Excelon floored place that looks like it was a Woolworth's or a paint store last week, feeling thrown together, with a lot of unused floor space. The shelves are at strange angles. Which way is the traffic flow? What's over here? Beer! What's over there? More beer! What's the difference? Who knows! Who cares! It feels almost like it's a "hobby" store. Or a front. 
Now, for the record I must state I like beer. A LOT. Whether it's an ice-cold can of Busch on a hot summer day, or a Chimay Blue with a meal, or anything in between, I'm up for it. Sure, I may never taste a Goat's Piss Pilsner from some dude's backyard in Boise, and (from reading other reviews of this place), pay mightily for the privilege, but I'm okay with that. I'll get my beer from the beer store (Javie's is great), and my Pellegrino from Acme, and just shake my head when I drive past The Foodery. To quote Monty Python, It is a silly place.One of my favorite places. LOVE it here. I come in frequently and create my own 6 pack of beer. There is plenty of variety and always something new to try. I have also gotten sandwiches several times here and they are all delicious. The tuna is excellent. There's also so many interesting snacks to check out so I usually impulse buy a few food items for the house while I'm there too. One of the best places in roxborough for sure.Been coming here a lot because a guy I'm seeing lives nearby, and we are both really into craft beer.  I've never ordered food here--only beer. We will either buy beer and take it to his place, or we just stay there and drink. We had our first date there.
They have a huge selection. There's rarely any brand I've been looking for, that I can't find. I like being able to make your own six pack. There are a lot of places in Philly that let you do that, but the Foodery also gives you good people watching opportunities, too. For example: 
One night, I met a friend here, and there was a young couple who literally spent the entire time making up and breaking up. I kid you not. We had fun sipping our beers and watching them. They would make out, then fight. They'd take their fight outside, then they'd come back in again and make out some more.
They supplied literally hours of entertainment.Decent place, cool atmosphere, sandwiches are ok. I wish they had more of a hot food selection or maybe a couple soups. When it comes to beer I'm kinda a plain person so I'm not into all the different types they offer.Their space, beer and soda selection is awesome...but the sandwiches we just had were BAD!!!  In theory the specials of Blair Witch, Kimchi Pork and Green Chicken sandwich sounded good.  The execution was bad...the Blair Witch was so hot it was inedible.  The kimchi all you could taste was the kimchi and the green chicken was meh.  The sandwiches flavors were not well balanced.  I'll go back for beverages but won't be eating there again.I was really excited to see a new place open up in my parent's hood. I took my mom for lunch and we each got a sandwich. It took awhile for them to be made but that's because 6 people came in right before us. I was pleased with the taste of it, but wished it was a little bigger. My mom, on the other hand, commented on how glad she was that the sandwiches weren't stuffed with too much meat. The setup and atmosphere is really cool and the cashier was very nice. I'll go back here again for lunch or a snack.This review just pertains to the beer part because everytime I go there to eat, there's never anyone at the deli.
Amazing bottle selection -- covers everything from domestics to Belgian imports. Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. A rotating draft list for in-house brews and growlers. Nice that you can sit in house and enjoy a beverage or take it home. They also have a neat selection of non-alcoholic beverages (I enjoy the cucumber soda, alone and with a splash of gin).
However, moving from New Jersey to Philly and going here as my first taste of "Bottle Shops" was alarming. I think I paid close to $30 for a make your own six pack, and none of the beers were incredibly rare or high in abv. That is truly a kick in the nuts. 
Now I usually go there for a bottle or two, or to fill up my growler. It's a novel idea, but a little too pricy for me to go on the regular.Fiance is a drinker and I'm not, so a place that checks both our boxes is a huge deal. Their beer selection is huge, and you can buy by the bottle to try more exotic beers or make your own six pack. Their fancy soda selection is very decent too, with coconut water, teas, etc. They have seating in front so you can buy a drink, sit, and enjoy it. People come by with their dogs, board games, friends. Really nice, casual place to hang out or spend an evening without having to go somewhere with a bunch of sloppy college kids.Terrific atmosphere, delicious food and all the beer you could ever want + a few on tapAmazing beer selection and as far as the area goes it has no competition.  The manager is a really good dude and is really there for his customers.  I haven't tried to much of the food menu but what I have had is pretty good.  The big reason to come here is the beer selection though there really is no where else in the area aside from her to get such a variety of beers.Third or fourth time I've stopped in here, and I'm working my way through their deli menu. So far, each sandwich had been pretty good! Got the "goaticoke" today, yum! Also did a six-pack of mixed wheat beers and ciders. It would be nice if the beers were a little cheaper, but they've got an amazing selection!A little overpriced, but the deli sandwiches are great made to order & the beer/cider selection is unmatched in the area!Great location, great beer and cider selection, delicious sandwiches and enough seating to sit and catch up with friends. It's always a good experience going to the Foodery. If you haven't gone yet, I definitely recommend it!A little disappointed, I came in on a Sunday afternoon to finally try the deli. They only had one guy behind the counter and he was doing the best he could but was overwhelmed. I felt bad for him. I waited at least ten minutes and still hadn't gotten my order taken. I overheard him tell the lady in front of me that it was going to be a while as there was already a large group of people waiting for sandwiches they had ordered. I finally left without ordering. Maybe next time.I love this place! Awesome food, every kind of beer you could ever want, as well as plenty of other interesting snacks. Its a bit "hipster" but totally enjoyable. Everyone that works here is really friendly and very informative/helpful. There is a bar inside where you can do beer tastings of what is on tap, and they sell growlers too. I love their sandwiches. Everything is really fresh and they have pretty much anything you want. They also have jenga on the tables, treats for your dog (people can bring their dogs inside) and I hear there is sometimes music on weekend nights. Its probably a little pricey for just a sandwich, but I think it is worth it.Great beer selection at a reasonable price, friendly service, awesome seating area, AND THEY ALLOW DOGS!The Foodery Roxborough is a cool spot for beer connoisseurs or those looking for something new.  The variety of beer is outrageous along with the prices of some of the beers.  When in Roxborough, I always stop for an empanada and a beer. My favorite empanadas are the spicy beef and chicken (2 for $5). They have a deli area which I haven't checked out yet. The cashier is usually brief but helpful, the service is average.  Overall, its a decent spot for the area.  Check it out!!!I'll echo what several others have said because it's the truth...Great beer selection but also the most overpriced I've ever seen in PA. You can literally find the same 6 packs at about half the price without looking very far. The only beer I'll buy from there is whatever their featured brewery's "6 pack of the month" is as that's usually the only fairly priced beer selection in the place, and by fairly I mean it's the same price you would pay anywhere else.  
     Now on the deli side, things  are reasonably priced and there are a lot of delicious gourmet style sandwiches to choose from. I practically try a new sandwich every time I'm there and I've never been disappointed. Only prob on that side of the store is that a sandwich could likely be a long wait time which is a shame because I would gladly eat here more often but it's only convenient if I have about 30 minutes worth of errands to run locally and I order my food first. I really want to love this place - I love everything they have to offer, but long food wait times and ridiculous beer pricing make it difficult. Maybe their beer has to be that expensive for some unfortunate reason, but they could easily add more manpower to the deli and at least fix one of their problems.I love this place, amazing beers to choose from, delicious food and a fun and casual environment. I have met here just for a quick bite with a friend, business networking meetings and even for a birthday one year. This place never disappoints.I live in the "Mt. Airy but really close to Manayunk/Roxborough" area so the Foodery was a must on places to try. The vibe was a 5, who doesn't like to walk into a store smelling of the finest hipster beers? The beverage selection is pretty solid for me, with prices I wouldn't mind since me and wifey  are lightweights. Besides that, the food is extremely meh. I got a Diablo panini and my lady ordered the turkey panini. I feel like I ate (and meh'd) similar sandwiches like that at really meh sandwich shops. 
If you like beer and meh sandwiches this is your spot!Great little place to grab a drink and some food.  You can make your own six pack, grab a single beer, snacks and more.  Everyone is very nice, knowledgeable and always willing to help and even offer recommendations.  They have a ton of beer.  I think in the range of 700+ different beers?  The only downside is the price for some of the beer.  My favorite beers are less expensive at Wegmans, but why not support the little guys?A solid 4-star experience, every time. 
The good:
*A really admirable beer selection, with seasonal and small batch beers featured.
*Plenty of gluten-free and allergen-free beers. 
*The only place (that I know of) in Roxborough to get health-store grocery items like raw honey, molasses, and gluten-free cookies.
The Eh:
*The service is hit-or-miss. Some of their staff are friendly and knowledgable, and some of their staff will not even acknowledge your presence. 
*Overpriced - The deli and made-to-order sandwiches are great, but a bit overpriced IMO.
*Inconsistent offerings - They advertise carrying gluten-free items like breads and bagels, (including the very good Sweet Note Bakery bagels, locally made in Manayunk), but I recommend calling ahead if you'd like them as they frequently sell out or don't have the items available.
I would recommend if you want to grab some great beers for a BYO or a comfortable lunch with friends. It's also great for specialty health food items that you don't want to travel all the way to health foods store for. I am grateful to have this in our community - more places like The Foodery are needed in Roxborough.Tasty gourmet sandwiches and fun food finds! Worth the trip & slightly higher prices. Staff was super friendly/helpful. Definitely will go back.Great beer and cider selection. Our favorite deli sandwiches in the whole city. Love this place!My neighborhood jawn! (Is that the correct use of jawn? It should be now.)
This is where I go after work, late at night and sometimes on a Sunday afternoon to get my thirst rectified. Terrific beer selection in the midst of a really laid back, jovial, cool people staff. 
You know I love me some options so I 'preciate the build my own multiple 6-packs excursions.   
And if you're hungry and the sammich shop is open? They have a tasty, extensive line up of yummables.
But the beer and local ice cream offerings (in warmer climes) really make me cut a two-step victory dance in the aisles. 
Terrific atmosphere. Go chill. Meet friends. Play some board games while you sip. It's super fun and low key. Dogs are welcomed and kids in the daytime cement it as a really sweet all-around-goodness of a spot.the beer selection here is great and it's in a relatively convenient location; however I just had a bad experience here. I called twice today to see whether they had a specific type of beer and was assured by the girl who answered the phone, Jess, that they had it. I even asked her to go check that they had it because not many places have it in stock this time of year, she said she checked and that they did have it, and I was thrilled. I then drove 20-25 minutes out of my way to go buy it. well unfortunately Jess was wrong and must have been lying about actually checking to see whether this kind of beer was available because they didn't have it and the other employee who waited on me told me he didn't know the last time they had it. pretty ridiculous. I ended up driving directly to the brewery to buy the beer there and give them some direct business. I won't be going to the foodery again; id suggest giving another local bottle shop, like below deck at the boathouse, business.Not being able to consume gluten leaves me in this awkward position of always having liquor or constantly consuming Angry Orchards. After, consuming cases of Angry Orchards I needed a changed. 
Enter the Foodery.
There is an entire case of gluten free heaven. The selection constantly changes. I skip into the Foodery with giddy excitement. I spend several minutes with my face pressed up against the gluten free case. Sorry, about my nose prints guys!
I fill a six pack with ciders made of every fruit imaginable, get my 10 perfect off, and drink myself in a sugar induced drunken stupor. 
I have come here and sat with friends at the tables in the front. The employees are really friendly. They come up and offer samples. The enter friendly beer conversation with total enthusiasm. Plus, they know the stock really well. I have come in asking for specific for beer for friends and they will rattle of the case number without a thought.
This place is the bomb.Wonderful selection of beer for any fan, sammies are decent. Something this area has needed for a while!Love having a higher-end beer store up in Roxborough. We are awash with distributors up here, which is great, but sometimes [often] you want to sample new beers without investing in them 24 at a time or explore some more exotic brews or imports they carry at a store like the Foodery. I've never ordered from the deli, but I have browsed the little snack section and occasionally walked away with some quirky little treat to go with my beer treasures. I like the sort of cozy picnic table seating area for people who want to drink on the spot, and the popcorn machine is there to provide a perfect palate cleanser between beers (and of course to stoke your thirst to go buy another). Also: they sell / refill growlers.I've gone to the Foodery twice for lunch and had a great experience. They have a great selection of beer, soft drinks, and deli sandwiches, so there's something for everyone. I've had the Son of Diablo and the WOW sandwich and both were really good. The place is also dog friendly, which was a welcome change.
My only gripe is with some of the structure of the Foodery. The Deli section only has one person working there and it's not very structured - the first time I went the sandwiches took a while so I had to keep walking over there and checking if it was ready, and the second time the deli clerk had to shout across the restaurant to notify me. It would benefit from some sort of screen or numbering system.Without a doubt, this place has a tremendous selection of beer. Sadly, their prices are insane. Like, we rip off hipsters insane. 
Foodery=Ripoffy. 
Don't get me started on the sandwiches. Boar's Head is not Neiman Ranch, people. It's a step up from generic deli meat. Calm down and try shopping for your food.Whelp the staff sorta sucks. Don't bother asking questions because they don't know (allegedly). It's definitely a self service sort of place. But the selection of beer is awesome. Anytime I want to impress babe with an awesome Netflix and chill night this is my go to place for unique beers. Only problem I run into I don't know much about beers lol so I sort of spray and pray if you know what I mean. Buy 1 of everything and hope he likes it.I like this place but it took like 30 min to get a sandwich and it wasn't even busy. Cook needs to learn a little hustle.We went here for lunch today not really knowing what to expect. My husband and I are teetotalers so all the beer reviews didn't entice us but we figured we'd check it out anyway. We were pleasantly surprised at the selection of specialty items and sodas as well as the sandwich/deli choices. I had a tuna melt that was delicious. 
The Foodery has a comfortable feel and even has scrabble and cards to play while you eat. Definitely would go back. Only wish they had more than one person manning the deli because it was slow.Tons of great beers to take home and enjoy at their eatablishment. helpful staff who will guide you to your perfect beer.The Foodery is many things.... It is a craft beer store, with a wide variety of interesting craft beers to choose from. It is also a deli, where you can order sandwiches, wraps, paninis etc. They have an eclectic assortment of chips, nuts, non-alcoholic drinks and other small food items. You can take-out your beer, or sit down and drink it there. They have ample seating, and a bottle opener on the wall next to each table. I came here for lunch and ordered a Paradise Wrap. It was comprised of Turkey, Swiss, Apple, Bacon, Red & Green Peppers, Sprouts, Avocado, and Cucumber. It was grilled and had a choice of wrap, I chose Honey Wheat. I picked some chips and a San Pellegrino to drink to complete my meal.  This wrap was really delicious. I am planning on going back next week to get another. The wrap was $7.50 and with chips and drink, came to about $10. You should stop by The Foodery.Can't believe I am just now writing a review on the Foodery ! Love it here ! It's awesome to have this place in our neighborhood with an incredible beer selection and nice, casual atmosphere. You can do mix and match 6 packs, have a beer flight off their current tap selection and also order something delicious from their deli. My only qualm (and reason for 4 stars) is that just about anytime I have come in and ordered food or called and came in to pick up - the food takes long. Anytime I have been there, there is only one person behind the deli counter. Can't blame that person, they are always working to get your order out ASAP but could probably use an extra set of hands. I know if I am getting something to eat there, I need to have some time set aside to be able to wait. The good thing is, if you have the time you can put your food order in then go wander and look at the beer and other snacks available. My absolutely favorite go-to sandwich is the Son of Diablo ! YummmBEER HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And patient staff, who never made a peep while my friend and I gabbed and took our time putting together our six-pack, completely unaware that they were past closing hours.  They didn't even turn off the lights until we were at the register.  And they didn't lock the door until we were gone.  
Mind you, NYC prices for some things, though bargains on others.  But with that kind of selection, AND the ability to purchase a fresh draught flight?  One can let it slide, and consider it a treat :-)Great beer selection and even better sandwiches. I can't get enough of the new chicken & waffle sandwich or the son of diablo. Best deli sandwiches hands down.LOVE this spot. So excited to get a place like this in the Roxborough/manayunk area. The only reason for 4 stars is sometimes it gets busy and they only have one person making sandwiches so I've had a good wait a few times. Other than that small detail this place is great! Lots of craft beers with computers where you can research each beer. And who doesn't love creating their own 6-pack?? Everyone that works there is really helpful and they have vendors sampling beer sometimes too!My boyfriend and I had been waiting for the foodery to open for MONTHS. We were literally the first customers there the day they opened, and we continue to return on an extremely regular basis... maybe too regularly. The staff and management is great and have been working hard to adapt the store to the neighborhood. It's just an all around awesome addition to the ridge.Huge selection of bottled beer along with a decent draft list.  I appreciate the willingness of the bar staff to let you taste the different beers and ciders on tap.  The sandwiches are also tasty and reasonably priced.  Definitely a place to visit more than once.Amazing beer selection, and frequently friendly staff.  From time to time, though, the counter attendant will be too stand-offish.  I ran into folks like that reliably on my infrequent visits a few months ago, but recently the staff have seemed more engaged (thus 4 stars instead of 3).  Haven't had the food, but it looks like it'd be pretty good!Great place to try new beers. The staff is always willing to help find you new beers that meet your tastes, and if you have a special request, they can usually accommodate and order it in.
Besides the extensive beer selection, the deli makes some delectable sandwiches. But it's usually only one person back there making them, so it's good to put in the order right away so it's ready by the time you're done perusing the beer fridges.
Great features also include some card games for bored patrons and, my favorite, allowing behaved dogs to come in.
The only thing it's missing is an outdoor patio areaGood place to grab a sandwich and have a craft beer..  Great bottle and draft selection but very pricey for the area.  There are a few bottle shops in the Roxborough area now and foodery isnt even competitive with them at all.  I will shop for rare stuff there but the normal craft beer i will not buy here because of the high prices.   Paying $18 for a 64ounce grower of Nugget Nectar is pretty ridiculous.The Foodery on Ridge Avenue in Roxborough is a welcome addition and hopeful sign of things to come for this part of the neighborhood.  Beer-centric, with a nod to a deli and convenience store, The Foodery fills a need fairly well.  
That being said, there is room for improvement.  The beer selection is wide-ranging and, for a bottle store, affordable.  Unfortunately wide-ranging in this case also means fairly predictable and pedestrian in the small-bottle/can department - big bottles do go way off the beaten path, but $20 is a lot to risk on the unknown.  All in all the beer snob will be satisfied, if not overly challenged unless they have deep pockets.  Filling growlers is a nice touch, and they do give small samples of their draft selections. 
The deli section is adequate, with nice sandwiches.  Not a huge selection of meats and cheese - but the cheese board appetizer pairs well with the selection of beers and ciders and makes for a nice, simple "date night" plan.  Unfortunately the seating is merely o.k.  Is this place a deli?  A bottle shop?  A restaurant?  A pub?  The answer is none of the above.  Weird place to hang out.  
Tasting by the brewers is a regular event, but again, leans towards the "feels weird" vibe.  Maybe it's just me...but I always feel like I need to just buy my beer and leave.  
The atmosphere is equally weird.  Not bad, just odd.  The one television is center stage, and usually turned to Philly sports if someone is playing.  Trouble is you can only see it from half the seats...meaning you have to sit side-by-side.  Tough to do with three people.  Terrible place to catch a game.  The counter staff range from knowledgeable and helpful to clueless about beer and often absent from their station.  
Overall the place is clean and neat, but occasionally I have seen a dog inside.  Not everyone appreciates or likes dogs - and some of us find them filthy disgusting smelly and GET YOUR DAMN DOG OFF OF ME.  If you must bring a dog in leash it and take others dislike of dogs into account.  I am sure Spot is nice.  Get him away from me.  And if he is not clean or has crap on his butt do not bring him in.  
Moving on.
The Foodery is a leader on Ridge Avenue, and leading in a direction I hope other businesses will follow.  Ridge will never be Main Street - but for us grown-ups who would like to see better options, The Foodery deserves our patronage if only to seed the way for more.Great selection of beer! A little pricey for non-domestic stuffs. Have bit tried the food they prepare. Yum little packaged snacks and treats - worth a stop.Delicious sandwiches! I got the Goatichoke and my boyfriend got the OMG. Really liked the atmosphere, and for beer nerds like us, it was nice to choose from so many options! Will definitely be back.They sell single bottles or cans of beer and six packs from all around the world, hundreds of choices. There is a small deli so you get get food and drink your beverages in a laid back non rushed way if you choose. I usually try different hard ciders.About time a bottle shop comes to roxborough.  Foodery has a great selection of beer and cider, and I am very tempted to spend a Friday night here instead of hitting a more expensive bar.  Not only do they have your america macro and micro brew standards, but they pack an impressive list of top shelf imports.  They have beer on tap and the staff is incredibly knowledgeable.  The idea that Foodery is also a market is cool, but what keeps this from 5 stars is the fact that the deli makes super small non-filling sandwiches and the beer prices are a bit excessive.  This is a great spot to try beers and looks to be a cool spot for a friday night pregame.  Just don't eat here and don't come here trying to fill a variety 24 pack.Love having this place less than a block away! Making my own six pack of craft beers is one of my favorite activities and I love how convenient it is to come here for it! They always have too many for me to choose from and have all of the good seasonal beers right on time!Awesome artisanal sandwiches and the best beer selection around. I ordered a sandwich with turkey aNd an artichoke spread it was so much better than I realized it would be! Dogs allowed!! It's a really neat little place hidden gem for sure.Incredible service.  Staff is ultra friendly and helpful.  General Magee was especially friendly and aware.  I could tell that he genuinely cares about customer satisfaction and overall quality of food, beer, and environment.   Worth every penny, and I'll be back many times in the future.Haven't had the food here, but they have an excellent selection of beer. You can build your own six pack and get a growler filled.Love this place! The sandwiches are delicious, i personally love the "hot & toasty " and the "OMG " The selection is awesome if you're looking to have a drink with your food, or you can stop in later at night just for drinks! They have just about every beer in stock on a regular basis (I'm a bartender so believe me its a great selection of beers they Cary) They also have a really great selection of non,-alcoholic. Beverages as we'll, Joneses sodas, coconut water (super good & super healthy! ) If ya' haven't tried it,definitely give it shot!Let me just say that I am in some serious food and beer trouble and it is all The Foodery's fault! In a loving foodie way, of course!
My first run in with this place had me at hello sandwich love! I walked myself right in and picked out a Brooklyn Chocolate Stout then ordered myself a Goatiechoke sandwich that was smothered with goat cheese, dappled with marinated artichokes, lined with a a nice layer of baby spinach and roasted red peppers, and a hearty helping of roasted turkey. It. Was. Delicious. 
So... I had to come back. 
My second selection was a light and spicy Goose Island Sophie w/ a very warm and welcoming Cubano panini. It had all the wonderfulness I was expecting. Spicy mustard, perfectly crisp pickles, sharp melty cheese with a delicious layer of ham & salami in the middle for that extra bit of love. The bread was crispy and amazing and I felt like I just won the food lottery that day!
They have so much to love here betweem their extensive beer selection (pick your 6 and walk out with a night of good beers) and tons of sandwiches that I can't wait to try! (All of them look scrumptous)
You can see why I am in trouble?Best bottle shop in the area outside Center City. Love that you can bring your dog in with you; makes for a great beer stop after a long walk with your pup.THIS place ROCKS. Hands down one of the best places that Roxborough has. It has specialty foods, and a wide selection of beers. The deli is amazing with many gluten free options and wholesome food for people with allergies and those that want many organic/natural options. HIGHLY recommended.I have been in The Foodery several times since it opened. At first, I loved the place, but the more I go there the less I like it. 
This place is a good spot grab a sandwich and a beer, well at least when they want to make you a sandwich. Tonight I stopped in there for exactly that. I walked in at 8:03pm. I grabbed a menu and the guy told me that the deli closed at 8pm, contrary to 9pm as posted on their website. I then heard him 2 mins later the tell another employee he was outta there. My guess, it was more important for this guy to get off work then satisfy a customer. Fairly frustrating when I went out of my way to stop there.
Unfortunately this isn't the first incident that I have had like this there, and this last one might have been the final one because I have no intentions on supporting this place again. 
Lastly, if you are planning on grabbing a couple of mixed 6-packs to go, think again. A few weeks ago I bought 2 six packs of craft cans for a whopping $38! I buy a lot of beer and that price is absolutely ridiculous.Has a lot of potential, I just cannot allow myself to pay the bar prices that this place charges. Ya, great selection and all, but I can drive ten minutes down the road and find a comparable selection 30-40-almost 50% cheaper. I want local business to thrive and all, but I don't want to feel like a snook either. Prolly won't be back, unless dire short term party emergency scenario dictates, but I am a good enough planner to not have to step foot in there again.I was here for the first time this weekend and was really impressed! The menu looks delicious and the variety of beers is amazing! They are dog friendly too so you can bring your dog to pop in and grab a beer. Definitely going back soon!What to say about The Foodery...it's a great place to find craft beer (if you don't want to drive to Delaware) and grab a sandwich. The prices for beer are a bit high but the selection and create your own six pack option are something you can't find anywhere else in Roxborough. It's been a great addition to ridge ave and I hope to see more great places like it coming to the area!It's ok. Good place to find some bottles which seem to rotate regularly-albeit slightly overpriced. Sandwiches are decent. They run a few specials throughout the week. ($2 off growlers, $3 drafts, 10% off mixed 6-pack) but I recommend taking your food and beer to go. Unless you have an anchor wearing a diaper. Then you'll fit right in. Since they can't go to the bars, people with young kids tend to flock to places like this that aren't really a "bar" but a place that "happens to sell beer". Tons of kids. Loud ones.We just moved around the corner and I ran in the other day to grab a six pack mix and match for a party. I instantly fell in love, which is dangerous because it's a bit pricey. They have a huge selection of beer, a nice variety of groceries, a deli, and some seating to eat/drink in. The layout and atmosphere is super nice. Will definitely e back and will recommend.This brings life to Ridge. The veggie sandwich with goat cheese & balsamic makes my day along with the abundant beer selection! I just wish the neighbors/city would allow the Foodery to open up the outdoor section again.This place has an awesome selection of beers. The mix & match is a plus. Only downfall is that their bottles are $1-$1.50 more than some other local spots. By learning the hard way, I haven't been back in a while. Well ... I'll be honest, the craft beers were giving me some major beer bloat. Needed a break to work on my 8 pack again.Continues to impress. Steady rotation of solid growler selections. Impression mixed six options. Excellent deli food. Worth a stop for a sit-in sandwich and a beer too. Wish we had one in Germantown.