Incredible brunch. The birthday cake waffles are a must try!  Also had the French onion omelette and wings. Can't say enough great things about the good. Atmosphere is great too. Absolutely try this place.No credit card minimum! Which is awesome, atmosphere was great. I really wish they had half stars because I'd probably give it 3.5  The crowd got dense as it got later and it was little hard to maneuver around. Little pricey but that could've been what I was drinking.The Gaslight more than lived up to my high expectations once it opened up in Old City. The Old World theme is well executed, the service is friendly, the beer list is great. The pulled duck flatbread was delicious, and I look forward to coming back for a full meal. Old City is lucky to have this quality new addition.Amazing service, hardworking staff worth coming here just for that reason!!! Not to mention a busy bar with trendy decor and good bar food.made an reservation on open table just to grab something to eat before seeing a movie. was sat immediately when we arrived, and greeted by our server quickly too. had a lot of questions about sizes, sharing etc with the menu and Brittany our server was on top of it and was able to recommend awesome menu items. everything came out very quick and tasted delicious! drinks never ran out and we made it out in time to see our movie without running to the ritz cause we didn't have to wait around for our check.Vibe: breezy outdoor seating, great people watching, fun, friendly, romantic french music but casual atmosphere 
Cocktails: Beware some wines are on tap! Great craft cocktails without pretension (go for the old fashioned) 
Service: Super busy day in the city when we went, but had no trouble getting drinks, water, checkins, when we needed them
Go or dont: Go, and sit outsideI had high hopes after hearing about the opening of a bar by a "top chef".   We started with two orders of wings and two of the dips.  The old school wings were awesome, but the whiskey-carmel mustard were too sweet and nothing special.  For my main course, I got the pulled duck sandwich.  The bread had zero taste, the duck was a little overcooked and the slaw was nothing to get excited about.
Drinks were good, but two of the beers I ordered were either sold out or kicked as my cup was poured (got that for free, thank you very much).
I would only go back for the old school wings and large beer selection.One of the best burgers I've had in Philadelphia! 
At one point, they were voted #4 best burger in America which I do believe they live up to that standard. The Mac and cheese was good too.
We went there for happy hour and thoroughly enjoyed their deals. The bartender and another asian bar manager I believer were very friendly, provided good insight on the menu and ensured our first experience at Gaslight was memorable.
The decor was very Nantucket and had a large bar with tons of seating around it.
We will surely be back.Great happy hour, never too crowded the couple times I have beenThis place was pretty awesome to get a drink and some dinner. My girlfriend and I went here last evening and we enjoyed our experience. We got there for Happy Hour, which has to be one of the best in the city! Three dollars on all draft and 4 dollar appetizers is pretty cool when you want to save a few pennies. We sat at the bar and our bartender was pretty awesome. She was very attentive and friendly toward us, she was just willing to chat.
The food was pretty good I would have to say. The cornbread with the bacon jam was a sweet and salty treat. Also, chicken nuggets with the BBQ sauce was great as well. My Mac N' Cheese entree was incredibly cheesy and I loved the cornbread dusting on it. This is probably a place I will frequent for a great happy hour down Old City.From the moment we walked in the door, I knew it was going to be an awesome night! The ambiance was just right- casual, dimly lit, romantic yet good for a group of friends too! We were greeted by a friendly hostess and decided to have a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner. It was a packed house on a Saturday night. After being seated, we ordered appetizers and our meals. The Polish style meatballs and the steak tartare were to die for! They're both a must try item! For our entree we both ordered the Gaslight burger which was amazing! Make sure to get dessert; it was incredible!! My boyfriend and I had a great time, the service and staff were fantastic and the food was out of this world delicious!! We will definitely be returning soon!People have said Philadelphia is not a friendly city, those people have not been to the Gaslight.  OMG they are so friendly here.
So after walking up & down the block 3 times trying to decide where to eat, we came here and sat at the bar.  First, let me say they have a terrific selection of libations and as soon as we sat down we had the bartenders attention.  Second, there is a hook under the bar for your purse (no hook is a pet peeve).
After listening to the specials, we ordered appetizers and drinks.  I had the 10¢ Glamour Girl - vodka, blueberry syrup, lemon & soda (I had 3). As an app. I ordered the 3 pickled vegetable plate.  I'm a vegetarian & when the dish came out the bartender told me one of the vegetables had been pickled with bacon.  The manager overheard our conversation & immediately brought me another option.  Great service!
As my main dish, I got the omelette special.  I was flipping through the pictures on YELP and was a little concerned when I saw two pictures of undercooked eggs.  I shouldn't have given it a second thought, my omelette was cooked perfectly.  It was so fluffy, stuffed with delicious zucchini, cherry tomatoes, caramelized onions & goat cheese.  It comes with their home potatoes & if you like spicy - try it with their homemade hot sauce.  DELICIOUS! The place is really cute and would be an excellent place for a date night.
Great food, great drinks & really great service, check it out next time you're in Old City.Do not get the chicken nuggets. They are disgusting. However the old fashioned is very strong and good bang for your buck.I really enjoyed being here the other night for Top Chef viewing party. I wasn't sure if they were going to be serving food or not since they arent technically open yet, but i was pretty happy to find out they were. There were all kinds of chefs in the crowd and Jason Cichonski was in the dining room all night talking to guests and hanging out. Seems like a pretty cool guy.
My fiance and I decided to order a few different things off of the small bites and dips section to share as well as a few of the $5 bourbon apple ciders they were offering up during the party. The drinks were awesome. Loved the bourbon touch. I looked at the regular cocktail menu, and it looked awesome. Some pretty unique drinks and descriptions were cool. 
On to the food. We ordered the charred eggplant salsa, half order of thai peanut wings, rueben rolls and onion rings. We loved the eggplant salsa and the three types of housemade chips that came with it, tortilla, rice crackers and pita. Didnt really think the rice crackers really went together with the eggplant salsa very well, but the pita chips were ridiculously good. 
The wings were pretty good. I loved the peanut sauce taste, but I wish they would have had some spice and garlic to them. When I think Thai flavors, I always look for the kick of spice and garlic and I was really missing it. The wings were cooked perfectly and sauced appropriately.
I loved the rueben rolls and the Russian dipping sauce it came with. The exterior was perfectly crunchy, a touch greasy though, but the inside was where the magic was. Chopped corned beef, mixed with the perfect amount of swiss cheese and enough sauerkraut to taste it, but not be overpowered by it. I would order these again in a heart beat.
The onions, oh my the onion rings. Outstanding! The best onion rings I have had in a long time. I am so sick of the beer battered mess you find elsewhere. These were breaded and fried perfectly crispy, then drizzled with a creamy yuzu aioli. And get this, chopped long hots on them as well to give them a bit of a spice whallop. Absolutely fantastic.
They had a really nice selection of canned beers on special too for the show. We decided to order a dessert halfway through the show to share. The desserts are seasonal puddings served in sugar cookie cups, what a cool concept. We ordered the banana pudding with peanut butter drizzle. Awesome banana flavor. Just enough peanut butter to taste it, but not overpower it. Really nicely done.
The service needs some work. Definitely pretty slow, but its new and not even officially open yet so I am sure it will get worked out. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks though. I was very impressed. Definitely worth a visit. I think its going to be a hit!The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the food was not good. Chef clearly trying to think outside the box and experiment with new combinations, and it doesn't work. Gnocchi is not appetizing. Pasta Raghu is ok. Cheese and meat tray is very good. Menu is very small. They need some more options with better flavor combinations. Other than that, this place is beautiful inside. Great survive. Kind manager. Fix the menu with a new chef and I will be back.7/10 Old Fashioneds I order out suck. This place tastes just like I mix it up back home! Food was great, service was attentive and prices were as you'd expect.I've been here a few times, usually for the happy hour and to grab a burger after work. Generally, I've enjoyed everything that I had.
Even though the place was fairly crowded and there appeared to be only two servers on duty, our server "Alex" was very prompt and engaging. 
He let us know we were nearing the end of happy hour and that if we wanted something he could get us in before 7.  
Again, very prompt and engaging.
We placed an order for two drinks and two apps. 
The drinks were...ok.
Pretzel bites were tasty, the brussel sprouts although advertised with bacon and blue cheese were somehow still a bit bland.
I then ordered the Caprese Pasta, my daughter had the Crab Cake sandwich.
Although my daughter liked the crab, the pasta was very, very bad choice.
Caprese Pasta - Fresh Mozzarella cheese, tomatoe, arugula and pasta tossed in a basil lou sauce.
A bowl full of pasta.  Incredibly bland, tasteless, barely any arugula or tomatoes and a light, light dusting of cheese along with a few smallish mozza balls.
Alex, was kind enough to bring more arugula and cold tomatoes for me to dry and spice it up....however overall it's something I would go to great pains to avoid.
I don't waste food so I did get a box to go after eating about a 1/4 of it.  The homeless older fellow at the El was grateful, I'm glad someone was.Not very good! In fact, bad! Very bad!
We ordered our entrees and cornbread to come out before said entrees, yet when I'm almost done with my meal we reminded the dude about the cornbread and he admitted he forgot. He then went to put it in (so maybe we could have it as a dessert) and he forgot AGAIN and his excuse the 2nd time was that "there is a large party and he had to tend to them". I glanced over at the large party he was referring to and they also seemed disappointed, if not distressed over the unjust automatic gratuity they were sure to incur. 
No one ever asked how our food was, but to be fair if I cooked it I don't think I'd have the courage to ask either. The only benefit of the overcooked, terribly dry and virtually unsalted frittatas we received were all the egg dish puns I was able to make (not-a frittata) in a desperate attempt to laugh my way through one of the worst brunch creations I've had.  
The staff insisted on bringing the cornbread even though we were done and asking for the check so we entertained them by allowing that to happen. Billed as 'cornbread with butter & jam", the cornbread itself was very nice and well cooked, but the jam was an unwelcome bacon & jalapeno creation. I don't eat pork  but when something is listed as "jam", with no explanation, the customer isn't likely to surmise it has a meat product. Best of all...cornbread on the bill (no comps FOR THE WIN!) 
I won't be back unless someone gaslights me into doubting my memory and sanity.HORRIBLE all around. The staff is rude and unprofessional, the place is dirty, and the food is disgusting. Do not go give these stupid people your money!Service was extremely slow for an uncrowded Saturday afternoon.  We sat at the bar and only had drinks.   The cocktail list was creative and the menu looked great, food-wise.  We'll probably be back to try some bites - hopefully they'll figure out their service by then!Not impressed with overall experience. Came here initially to use free drink coupons we were given on what we found out to be the final days of PBR. Not holding that against this new establishment we gave it a go. 
Sat at bar, found beer selection to be pretty blah, bartender was not critical enough of choices when asked and said everything was good. This led to some choices we were less than happy with. Nothing wrong with offering tasters first to ensure you enjoy your $7 beer.
Burger came out on the well side when ordered medium. The fried chicken sam'wich fell apart on contact and was more bread than I desired. 
Fries were a bit burnt and of low temperature. 
This place has some work to do prior to go live if it wants to stick around in this foodie town.Great new place in Old City! Ambiance can be described as a classy pub. Service was friendly, cocktails were mixed well, and there were plenty of bartenders to help serve you when you needed a refill. The food was amazing - I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich which was phenomenal. And whatever seasoning they put on their fries is addicting. My friend even ordered off-menu (burger on one of their biscuit buns), and they server and chef were happy to oblige. 
Only reason I'm giving 4 and not 5 stars is because the service was a tad slow (though it's probably just because they're so new), and because the salmon dish my girlfriend got was a bit on the meager side of portions given the price. Delicious, but just not as much food as we expected. 
Will definitely go back!Had the poorest service experience I can remember this afternoon. I came in alone with a reservation, and the restaurant was about 3/4 full. My waiter was polite, but the last thing he said to me between 1:00 and 1:35pm was, "I'll give you a minute to look at the menu."  Yes, he disappeared (not just from my table--from the whole dining room!) for 35 MINUTES, so long that I flagged down another server and just gave my order to her. When my server returned, he apologized for getting caught up with the large party at a nearby table, though he had not been helping them either.
I half expected I might get something comped given that when I asked for the check, I had been there for over an hour for an order of a fried chicken sandwich (which was the sole reason for the three star review), but no, I paid even for my cup of coffee.
I have been to the Gaslight 3 times now, and I will come back again one more time, but the lack of attention on the part of the waitstaff galls me.came here late in the night, but it seemed kinda empty for how late it ran. regardless, the food itself was delicious and we were accommodated just as wellAte here during happy hour last night and it was really really great!  They were super accomodating to us and our 8-month old daughter, even bringing out some of the most delicious mashed potatoes we've ever had, for her to eat.  Our waiter was super friendly and went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time!  The bartender was also really great and enthusiastic.
We had the original wings and the whiskey glazed ones, both were delicious and really meaty.  We ordered 2 dips (the dips are lower priced during hh) and enjoyed both very much, the French Onion Dip and the whipped foie gras.  I had the duck sandwich which came with fries and my husband had the lamb ragu, which came with an amaaaaazing garlic toast - they should offer that on the small bites menu if they're not already!  
We live in the neighborhood and are super happy with the upgrade to this restaurant.  We'll be back for sure!Soooo delicious! I came here tonight for a chocolate dinner and whiskey pairing and I am super satisfied. Who doesn't love chocolate?! The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly! I will definitely come back.What a disappointment, this place isn't anything like how it appears online! The menu is completely different, and just down right gross greasy bar food. Their beer offerings are pretty good so we got a couple pints and ordered the hummus plate in hopes of avoiding the fried crap.....worst hummus I have ever had, absolutely NO flavor to it. We finished our beers and went somewhere else to eat. Don't recommend this place to anyone.We came here for brunch on Sunday. I was very excited for the chicken and waffles. So I ordered them and when they came it's was just bad. The chicken wasn't seasoned at all and the waffles didn't taste like waffles. It was like eating cardboard. Maybe the waffle batter went bad or something. Chicken waffles is so easy to make I don't know how this was that bad. They were 16 dollars too! We should of stayed home and ate in. I give it three stars because of the bottomless mimosas.Nice atmosphere, however the food is very weak. I gave this place two tries because I love the chef's other restaurant (Ela), but The Gas Light just doesn't have it when it comes to food. Not a bad place for a drink though.Cozy atmosphere.   Great specialty beer selection.  Perfect location in the city.    Friendly staff.   Menu is small but food is awesome.   I love to visit often.   Vey good experience ever time.Meh.
It was an ok place. The drinks were ok, but the service seemed weirdly slow for such a small place.This was very disappointing food. I came for the brunch and was told it was good food. Very disappointed with the eggs Benedict. It came out cold. Ashame because I wanted it to be good.Wish I could post more Stars!!! Had dinner there last night! I had the pulled pork sandwich! It was excellent. The Dark and Stormy cocktail was to die for. The atmosphere is fun!! Haley is the best!! Will definitely make this a favorite spot!!Sadly, the food and service were subpar at Gaslight. Although the brunch menu was promising, the finished product underwhelmed. We came in for a Sunday brunch around noon. The place was pretty empty and we were seated quickly. However, despite being given menus, our order was not taken for another 15-20 minutes. I ordered a beer so that was great. I was, of course, intrigued by the "Redneck Benedict"
And immediately ordered it. In general, I almost always order a Benedict for breakfast. This one came with a cornbread muffin topped with sausage, Poached eggs and a sausage gravy. The food came out cold. Not warm, not Luke warm, just cold. That alone was a forgivable, by the flavor was not. The entire dish seemed to be unseasoned. The sausage patties tasted like unseasoned meat and were the consistency of hockey pucks. The eggs were ok, but again flavorless. The sausage gravy was nothing to write home about. It was, as almost all the other components of the dish were, seemingly unseasoned. The best part of the entire dish was the corn muffin/bread. The corn muffin/bread was slightly warm, and coincidently the only warm item in the plate. That part was very tasty. The dish was served with bland "home fries" and pieces of watermelon that got soaked up in the flavorless sausage gravy. 
A place with this location and especially for a brunch spot, needs to step it's game up in my humble opinion.Hallie is a wonderful waitress. So friendly and accommodating! Food was excellent and timely.Nice place! Friendly peoples, and clean restrooms. If I had to get drunk here all day, and didn't have any other options, I wouldn't have a problem with that at all.This is my go to spot for late night drinks/food in Old City because it's open late. I love the space in here, it's got a warehouse/vintage feel. The bartenders are always really friendly and the cocktails are potent. Food is also pretty decent. More recently I went out on a limb and tried the steak tartare and it was tasty (is anything with truffle oil NOT good?). They have a couple TVs in here and the bartenders nice about finding a game if you want to watch something specific.Some friends and I came here on a Friday night. Service was extremely slow! Not only did it take forever to get the drink menu, it took forever to get drinks, appetizers and entree. They even gave us the appetizers for free given the long wait. I got the salmon with risotto, which was not good. What they gave me was not risotto, just regular rice tossed with peas and pancetta and the salmon had a funky taste. The drinks were good, that's about it. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Great cocktails and bar snacks! They have one of the best happy hours in Old City and their house made chicken nuggets and pretzel bites are delicious. The open concept and decor make the overall experience very enjoyable.I can't say anything about the food since I never got that far. Tried to plan an event here for months. The owner took a full week to even respond with a sample menu for a brunch. Then after several attempts to meet up with him, including one meeting he completely forgot so I ended up at a dark restaurant with a locked door, we finally met up. He obviously had forgotten the meeting and had no clue when or what the event was. I was promised a contract within the next week, waited 10 days before following up, still got no response. After reaching out to several other restaurants and having sample menus and several communications within days I decided that The Gaslight was so not worth the weeks it takes the actual owner to respond. So I emailed back another full week later and stated I would no longer be holding my event there. Now the owner magically can respond to an email, only to make the excuse that it's the holidays and even though it's been months since the contract was supposed to be completed he is working on the holiday parties first.   After trying to explain the lack of communication and pointing out that he originally was supposed to have a contract ready back in September he just restated that he responds to "50-100 event requests each week". As if that's an excuse for his poor handling and lack of follow up. I was looking forward to holding an event here since I have heard the food is good. I should have paid more attention to the reviews about the service and the actual owner since this seems to be his trend.The old PBR is revamped into the now fabulous Gaslight. Buttermilk fried chix to die for, duck flatbread yum, cheeseburgers so mouth watering, happy hour deals on draft beers and apps, and on top of that a delightfully eye candy staff and friendly to bootWe ate here for brunch last Sunday morning. I have no complaints whatsoever. Our server was great, and the food was awesome. We got grapefruit mimosas and bloody Marias. Entree wise we got the chicken and waffles and the Reuben eggs Benedict. Both had great flavor. Just looking at the chicken and waffles you may think the chicken is dry, but it absolutely wasn't. If I ever find myself in Philly again I would definitely go back.I would describe this place as a little nicer dive bar. It decor is minimal and the staff is interesting. We arrived around 9pm. There was no hostess but it wasn't packed so we sat ourselves. Within 2 minutes the waiter came and we ordered 3 beers and my friend ordered a cheeseburger. He came back with the 3 beers in a triangle hold in his hands so when he tried to set it down some of the beers spilled a little. He left without cleaning it up so I used my only napkin. The cheeseburger arrived by a kitchen staff that was in the middle of playing pool with a customer and had a cigarette behind his ear. Hence my dive bar feelings. My friend said the burger was good but sloppy with the amount of cheese on it. This place might have a different feel during brunch but not sure I'd come back to find out.Great food. It was slow on a Sunday night, but they gave us excellent service. If you get one thing there, get the cornbread. It comes with a bacon jam that is unbelievable.Nice happy hour drinks and snack specials. Tasty wings and oysters and the staff was friendly. Had a nice time.I visited The Gaslight for brunch around 11AM and it was empty. Around noon, it started filling up. Mimosas are on point here! I really appreciated the complimentary Sticky-Icky Cinna-Waffles, but they weren't actually that good. They were pretty dry. Sausage waffles were delicious though. The waffles were so soft and portioned perfectly. The service was also pretty good. Love the interior decor of the place. Will definitely be back for brunch!I was so surprised this place wasn't packed! My girlfriends and I came here Saturday for brunch. My one gf who lives in Philly recommended Gaslight and I will definitely be coming back on my next trip! The decor was neat and rustic but again kind of empty. Our server was very nice and attentive so we were never waiting long for anything. We started off with a round of mimosas and the daily cheese plate. We were also served complimentary sticky bread. I ordered the Waffamul which was ridiculously large but very tasty. One friend got the fried chicken biscuit and the other got the crab benny. Everyone's portions were large and we all cleaned our plates! The chipotle sauce on the breakfast potatoes was delicious.Disappointed with the slow/nonexistent service even when there were 12 people total in the place. Six were in my party seated outside. The manhattan must have evaporated while it sat on the bar staring at me thru the window, because there was almost nothing in it when I received it a half hour later. The experience as a whole was not good.We attended a party at The Gaslight and were underwhelmed with the level of service. The bartender seemed troubled to make the drinks we ordered, including clearly saying "that's weird" to one of our drink orders, and it seemed understaffed for the amount of people in our party. I'd probably give it another try but it wouldn't be my first choice.Express (between lunch and dinner) menu features the best of Gaslight... 3 in 1 when you order GSLT Burger incl: aged cheddar on top grade 2 patty meat with house-made pickles and seasoned fries. So you're trying 3 items. So yummy. Straight across the corner is The Franklin Fountain.I've been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner and had delicious meals both times as well as great service. I'd recommend the deviled eggs, fried chicken, burger, and steak and eggs as well as, the "shot n' shuck" which is an oyster paired with a shot of whiskey.My husband and I walked in on a sunday afternoon around 4pm hoping to sit at the bar and grab a quick bite. The bar didnt have any seats so we sat at a hightop across from the bar. No one greeted us. No one gave us menus. One guy walked back and forth past us like four times and didnt acknowledge us at all. We began to wonder if we were actually dead and in a hungry hell where youre in a restaurant with food you want to eat but no one will look at you. At this point my husband just decides to ask the bartender for a couple of menus. He stands at the bar, waiting.... waiting... 
We were too hungry to be ignored, so we left. Very disappointed.I've been to The Gaslight before in July with a group and it was fantastic. Had the crab Mac and cheese and it was perfect. 
Can't say about tonight. I went on Monday, March 26th around 9pm and say at the bar with my friend. The female bartender had literally three other guests at the bar. My friend and I don't drink and when we only ordered a coke and a tea she seemed annoyed and made a look at her coworker (male, apparently a server, but we wouldn't know because no one said anything to us when we walked in because they were texting when we arrived.)
We started out with the buffalo chicken dip and ordered our entrees at the same time. I got the caprese pasta and my friend the crab cake entree. The dip arrived and it was cold in some spots and warm in other and within 5 minutes our entrees arrived. The temperature was the same for them.
Our cokes were refilled once while sitting empty as she walked back and forth and texted on her phone throughout the duration of our meal. When asking for a refill she refilled one and walked away. She never asked how our food was, only gossiped with her coworker. When asked for the check, she dropped it off, we paid, she grabbed and it, then continued to talk. No goodbye or anything. Even as grabbing our coats and her sitting standing in front of us, we never received a farewell.
Absolutely unacceptable service and she was praising to another bar guest she would be a manager? Don't have the slightest intent on returning.Fully embracing the fall season, I've turned into a gourd fiend. On the hunt for good pumpkin and squash dishes, my husband and I ended up in Gaslight. 
Just looking for a snack, we debated between splitting their pumpkin pasta or each getting the butternut squash soup and splitting an appetizer. The pumpkin pasta is typically served with a root beer braised pork shoulder, however happened to be served vegetarian the night of our visit. That solidified our decision to the soup and hummus platter.
Their butternut squash soup is a must-have for any fellow gourd fiends out there. What makes it different from any other butternut squash soup? It's prepared with caramelized banana. That sounds like an odd combo but it works really well. I'd have to say it was the most unique butternut squash soup I've ever had and up there amongst the best. My only complaint was that the soup could have been served a little warmer. 
I can't neglect to mention the hummus dish. The hummus was oil based but super creamy as well. It came with their home cooked pita chips that were crispy and perfectly salted. It was definitely on the more gourmet end of hummus and was absolutely fantastic. The hummus and chips came out in separate dishes, and each dish was set within a serving board. It was a nice presentation.  
Our visit was during happy our so we took advantage of the $5 hummus and the $2 off draft specials. Not all drafts, but most of them were included. As far as happy hour deals go- I've seen better. The atmosphere warranted the ever so slight premium.  Gaslight didn't give off a douchey vibe like so many other Old City establishments. 
Our server was also great. They weren't crowded so she was really able to take her time and provide us with attention. She spoke very highly of the soup and even included her own narrative of how she eats it with grilled chicken. I'm always happy to hear when a server gives a menu item a personal stamp of approval. She was overall a friendly person and accommodated our pre-theater scheduling. 
Expect a review update from me very soon as I will be returning for their pumpkin pasta and another round of the soup!  They have a three-course $30 tasting menu that includes both the soup and pasta as options, as well as your choice of dessert. That's a no-brainer if I've ever seen one!Their brunch menu has something for everyone and coming from the same Chef as Ela - it doesn't disappoint!  I'm also partial to this place because it is one of the few bottomless brunch spots in town but beware that they significantly water down the drinks after 1 or 2 rounds.  
I didn't enjoy their bar snacks which were heavy and over priced.  I'll be sticking to The Gaslight for brunch.I like burgers because when I'm hungry and didn't pack a sufficient meal that has adequate amounts of protein for me, I'll hit a place that either serves, salmon, beef or turkey burgers. I chose The Gaslight on Front and Market this particular day. It was a Friday night and busy. The weather was still warm so I ate outside to catch in the sights. I'm training more so my physique showed more through the long sleeve shirt I had on which caught the attention of some "Fans" of nice arms. To make a long story short. I had to eat my burger that was really good by the way, while I tell one of the guys sitting over from me who were also dining outside how and what it is I do to get in shape. He was with a party of four and they were just sitting around shooting the breeze when I walked up. The burger had a sunny side up egg on it and I ordered a side of fries and cool drink. After giving my "Fan" a few workout tips and him telling me stories of his fitness struggles, moments and life experiences, I finished my good burger. The price wasn't too bad. It was about average for a burger in this area. I'm still thinking I should have charged Mr. Struggle a fee to allay the cost of my burger though. LOLGaslight is Fantastic and Delicious!! I've lived in old city for the past 8 years, the brunch and food at Gaslight is the best around. The chef is one of the best in Philly. Highly recommend dining at The Gaslight. 
I got the crab Benedict  and the pancakes. Ridiculously good! Bloody Mary's are also awesome. Price is reasonable for the quality of the food.Great atmosphere and friendly staff as soon as I walked in the door I felt comfortable. I highly recommend the shuck a shot it was delicious.I stopped by this place on a bar crawl. Great ambiance. I ordered the Clubber Lang and it was a beautiful and delicious drink.I went to The Gaslight with two friends for post-work drinks and bites. We were going to have dinner later on, so we were only going to split appetizers. We got the meatballs and the pretzel bites, and tried some mixed drinks. The meatballs were tasty, but overall I would say it's a little on the pricey side for the amount of food you get. They did seem to be having a good deal going on for meals at the time, though, and if we were hungrier we might have tried it. I'll have to go back for a meal and update my review!Love it for drinks. Hate it for food. 
The place has a nice ambiance and they have outdoor seating in the summer. The bartenders are generally friendly and they have a DJ on weekends. They do have good cocktails so I'd recommend it for happy hour if you have no appetite. 
If you're thinking about the Eggs Benedict, be advised that meat is like, thin slices of ham. Think French-fry shape. I get they're trying to be all new and inventive, but why would you mess with the ham like that? It makes for a pretty sloppy sandwich. 
Secondly, there was something weird with one of my eggs. One was good but the other had a syrupy consistency and the white was very runny. I told the bartender when she asked how the eggs were and she responded that the white part is always runny in Benedict because the eggs are poached. 
Uhm. I love Eggs Benedict. Get it all the time. The white is most certainly not ALWAYS runny and when it is, it still doesn't look like this egg. Told her I was done with it and she took it away a full egg and gave me my check. 
I'm not looking for a free meal or comped drink or anything else, I'm just looking for a legitimate concern for the food you're serving and making sure customers are satisfied.This is SUCH a great addition to the Philly scene. The bar is beautiful and has plenty of seating. There's a great beer and cocktail list, and the bartenders are incredibly friendly, attentive, and knowledgable. Went on a Friday, and the bartender Tom made great food and drink recommendations. We actually decided to stay and eat, and we're so glad we did!  The wings were delicious and different, but not overly contrived like a lot of places trying to be creative for the sake of novelty. The Pulled Duck was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. One of the owners is the Chef-owner of Ela, and it definitely shows! Will definitely be going back...Everything was good. The mac and cheese among the best I ever had. The shot a shuck was great. Server was nice the service was prompt. The place was empty, just how I like it. Walked in off street no review checking. Pleasant surprise. Philly is great.I come to The Gaslight quite often. The food and drinks are spectacular. Such a lovely staff that makes you feel right at home. My personal favorite would have to be the salmon entree. It's a bit a difficult to describe in words so you'll just have to try it yourself. The servers are great, the bartenders even BETTER (Kim & Brit). I recommend everyone make this your go-to spot in Olde City. SauceI went there with a pretty sizable group of people for happy hour and we all had a great time. All of our food came out fast and tasted delicious, there was a good selection of beers, and the service was excellent.Great service, food and beer! I'm not an old city fan but the name and suggestions brought me here and I'm delightfully surprised. I love fried chicken and this may be my favorite. Crispy, simple and Delish! My friend had the short rib sandwich I also was craving and it was great. Fresh horseradish is perfect. 
Atmosphere is very nice and spacious with outdoor seating. Servers are awesome and well informed on their beer. 
*nice bathroom. Multiple stalls but no TPGreat food, excellent service, and great atmosphere, I own a restaurant  myself so I can appreciate this place. I will definitely come back...Pretty cool atmosphere inside. Nice find. Had an early dinner here on a Sunday with 3 others. We sat outside and tried their beer on tap and special margaritas. For dinner we had pulled pork sandwich and cheesesteak with loaded fries. Service was good as well. The only downfall was the sauce that came with the fries had a watery consistency.This is my second visit here, the first time as during the evening hours on a Saturday night.  Bar service was excellent, crowd seemed preppy and mid 20's, music wasn't too loud, space wasn't too crowded.
Based on this, and knowing the chef's previous engagements all served up food I enjoyed, we ventured in for their brunch menu...should have known to never expect decent food from a bar!
First off, everything our table received was cold.  Coffee, eggs, waffles, bacon, sides, etc...all cold as if they sat out for a good 10+ minutes before leaving the kitchen.
Eggs benedict were cold and were grossly undercooked with the egg whites being partially clear.  I'm not sure how this is even possible except that the eggs must not be poached...when a dish leaves this kitchen this bad, it's not even worth complaining as they obviously don't even understand what the dish is supposed to be.  I've uploaded a picture of the raw eggwhite and hollandaise sauce so you can see exactly what I mean.
Bacon is nice and thick but dry and too salty...oh, and it really doesn't taste all that good cold.
Hashbrowns are served as a small brick but its kinda burnt and way too salty.  There's a yellow sauce onto, I'd prefer it unsauced and the ability to add my own seasoning.  And it really tastes bad served room temperature.
The Birthdaycake waffles (waitresses recommendation) were thick and dense, overcooked and crispy almost, it was like eating a 3" thick pizzelle.  The dense batter combined with the cold temperature left something that was hard to swallow and had almost no flavor other than "really sweet"... I'd rather been served an eggo waffle straight from the freezer.
The orange juice isn't fresh squeezed, it was thick and syrupy, tasting as if it came from a concentrate from a fountain gun, but I didn't ask as I wasn't about to finish it.  The strawberries on the pancakes tasted like mass produced scooped straight from a can.  
Overall, there was nothing that tasted unique of house made.  Their "speciality" wasn't the birthday waffles as our waitress said, but "disappointment".
The service lived up to the food by being subpar.  Ordered 2 eggs benedict, got 1 benedict, 1 omelette.  Sent it back, got another gelatinous serving of benedict, but was still missing our bacon.  All 4 of us ordered orange juice, only 2 of us got it.  The coffee had to be asked for twice.
Not overly busy, no real excuse for poor service.  On a plus side, their restaurant is going to be a boom for other local businesses as we had already found parking and were still hungry since we couldn't eat the meals, so we paid and went down the street to eat a great meal at another brunch spot in Old City!The most recent critic's review of The Gaslight left me slightly apprehensive to try Jason Cichonski's new Old City gastropub. The brunch menu sounded too good to pass up, however, with its assortment of indulgent dishes. The space itself feels cavernous, and I dig the reclaimed material aesthetic they have going here. Our waitress described menu items at length when prompted, and ultimately helped my dining companion and I settle on our dishes: the fried chicken biscuit and al pastor benedict.
The fried chicken biscuit consisted of an impeccably fried (if somewhat oversalted) piece of chicken breast with soft scrambled eggs nestled in a crispy, buttery biscuit. The dish had a bit too much salt to attain perfection but nonetheless tasted great. I can see why The Gaslight's fried chicken gets such good praise. The al pastor benedict didn't really possess the characteristic spicing I associate with al pastor pork; it would have been more aptly described as a "barbecue pork" benedict. Semantics aside, the dish succeeded in that the pork shoulder was tender and stood atop griddled cornbread in lieu of the more commonplace English muffin. The cornbread had a bit too much sweetness, yet I thoroughly enjoyed that plate. 
Both dishes come with superlative fingerling potatoes, whose paper-thin, crispy exteriors complement pillowy insides and leave a memorable impression. These spuds rank among my favorite brunch potatoes in the city. All told, a couple minor seasoning issues (too much salt on the biscuit and sugar in the cornbread) prevented the meal from flawlessness, but this low-key brunch still hit the spot at a reasonable price and offered some interesting food. I will certainly return to try more of the Gaslight's off-kilter fare and enjoy the relaxing ambiance.Came in for drinks for a birthday party. It's in a great location in Old City. The atmosphere is cool and they have a nice little craft cocktail menu. That being said, the service took FOREVER and then I had to wait even longer to pay my bill. It is no fault of the bartender as she was working hard but was pouring drinks for the whole bar (we were at a second smaller bar in the back) and for the wait staff to bring to tables. She needed some help.So disappointing! I purchased the Gilt voucher for $50, which enabled me to 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. Before we ordered I mentioned I had the voucher and they brought back a voucher-specific menu. I was limited to 3 choices for an appetizers, 3 choices for an entree, and 1 dessert. The meal was decent but my overall experience was not what I was hoping for.... I certainly wouldn't have paid $50 if I knew this would be the case.Went for Sunday brunch for 3. Given a nice table inside and service was very good. The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is that the brunch menu is fairly limited. Nice hostess, very pleasant and efficient waitress, good food. I could not find the menu online and would recommend to the owners to make the menu available online.I had high hopes for this place. I'll start out by saying if you want good drinks and only drinks, this is a great place. Their cocktails get an A from me. Their food, service, and overall value is a different story. We ordered the octopus as an appetizer and the lobster roll and burger as entrees. The octopus was ok, but a teeny tiny portion, maybe the equivalent of 2/3s of one tentacle. The potato hash cubes were so small you could barely pick them up with a fork. Octopus is one of my favorite dishes and I was a bit disappointed  by the portion size and presentation. The lobster role was decent but I've had a better one from Luke's in Philly. The burger was very average, no add ons( cheese, mushrooms, etc) and it was priced at 15.00. Our waiter came to our table 7 times in one hour, before we were finished our drinks he slipped the check down in front of us(without us asking for it), then he literally grabbed the check from under my husbands arm. That was the cherry on our mediocre experience. For around the same price or a little less you can go to Revolution House and have better food and better service.The Gaslight's food and ambiance make it a very good place to stop when you're in Olde City and looking for some proper food and drink.  It's got enough space that it doesn't feel crowded and I'm impressed with what the kitchen is turning out.
The crispy chicken nuggets and bbq octopus were standouts for me because both adhered exactly to their menu descriptions and I felt were cooked extremely skillfully.  Octopus can get rubbery but Gaslight managed to make it perfectly tendered and balanced the flavors in the dish quite well.  While crispy chicken nuggets may seem pedestrian, the Gaslight really took them to another level by cutting the real chicken pieces into regular geometric shapes and having them be extra crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
I want to make a special mention of the burger because that was the highlight of my meal.  Many restaurants (pubs, gastropubs, etc) are going bigger and higher with their burgers so that they either need a massive toothpick to hold them together or you need to unhinge your jaw to get one bite in.  Not the case here.  Aged cheddar, a spicy sauce and pickles set atop a reasonably sized patty made this just wonderful to eat.  They focused on a simple set of ingredients and nailed it.
I've been back a few times and I'll continue to return.  I like this spot and as a bonus, you can stare out the window and chuckle at people in line waiting for Franklin Fountain.Ill start by saying this- I knew Gaslight when it was Phila Bar & Rest and only came to its reincarnation to support a former owner / friend.  I had reservations from the beginning with knowing the new ownership and its vision and unfortunately my hesitations were confirmed.
We came in, greeted by the hostess and taken to a table away from the door- its freeing!  Our waitress took over 10min to greet us or get us any drinks.  The hostess also informed us they were out of menus.  Does that seem strange to anyone else??
When we got a menu, our waitress (Rebecca) finally came up and got us drinks- out of fear she wouldnt come back for another 10min we ordered the reuben rolls, a burger & the pulled duck.  Another 10min (yes, i counted bc Id had a long day and I was starving) our drinks finally came.  Over the course of yet another 15minutes (we are at over 30min total now) our appetizer never came and another waiter who was still remaining from the former PBR brought our entrees out.  When we told him we'd never gotten our app he went to check on it for us.  Mind you during this entire time our original waitress NEVER came to check on us, ask how the food was, confirm our order or her mistake, etc.  
He returned and said theyll take it off the bill and it will come out ASAP.  That ASAP took long enough for us to finish our meals and still waited.  Ive never waited so long for food while watching every other table be served.  Clearly we did something wrong.  My burger was supposed to be medium- it was well done.  Out of sheer starvation I ate it regardless.  The duck was okay.  Neither were anything remotely special to have waited that long and to be that hungry and still not feel like the food was worthwhile is a crappy feeling.  I was told by a friend as well as the waiter who bothered to serve us the entire time Rebecca went on an impromptu vacation that the chicken & biscuits was the only dish people raved over.  The reuben rolls were probably the highlight of my meal but they were so greasy I could only eat 1.  
I wanted so badly to be proved wrong.  We gave Gaslight a chance as a new neighborhood hangout and as locals I can say we wont be hanging out here.  I also wouldnt have Rebecca as a waitress unless neglect is your service motive.  The food is nothing to rave about, the service only made me regretful that I gave it a chance to begin with, and its really not a locals type of spot.  This is just another trendy crap spot for the weekend crowd.  Glad someone will enjoy it but the rest of us will frequent our normal go-to's.  If Chichonski (spelling?) really wanted to infiltrate Old City he may want to pay more attention to his locals than to the weekend crowds.  He might also want to make his fussy nit picky menu worth while and put more emphasis on service that clever names for overpriced cocktails and Sam'iches.
Nice try... but try harder.  I wont be back.Tattooed bartenders that make you feel cooler just by sitting in front of them as they serve up creative happy hour cocktails in a well planned environment. They play particularly good music that's perfect for transitioning from your professional work day to your less likely to count how many cocktails you've had on a weeknight self.
On the weekends it's a good place to grab a table with a group of 3-6 people and have a few beers with other mid 20 to mid 30 somethings.The food and service was excellent! My favorite thing about the menu was the unique offerings on the menu!  We had a fried corn on the cob (delicious and wasn't heavy which is surprising since it was fried) , VLT sandwich (braised and fried veal bacon , lettuce tomato ), octopus salad (yummy), and for dessert blackberry cheesecake with a pretzel bottom (incredible blend of salty and sweet ) and banana bread with bacon and pretzel in it!  The prices were reasonable.  Looking forward to my next visit.A friend and I came here for the Christmas Eve Eve karaoke event, and we really had a great time! They offered some good specials for the night (and free homemade cookies!), and had a pretty good beer selection. The bartenders were extremely friendly, actually some of the most smiley friendly bartenders I have seen. The space itself is really nice, and made me want to come back to try out the food. Overall it has a great atmosphere, and I would not be opposed to returning!This is hands down one of my favorite places. Amazing service. I stopped in after work one night and had Brittany and Kim as bartenders and it was some of the best service ever. And have now become a regular.