Free post-summer concert? Outside? In a large area full of enthusiastic people?  
What the what!?
Yeah, I was definitely stopping by the Piazza to check out Radio 104.5's last Summer Block Party, especially since it featured AWOLNATION and Imagine Dragons. Throughout the summer I wanted to go to some of the previous concerts held here, which never worked out, but I'm glad I ventured into Northern Liberties for this one.
The Piazza itself is huge, surrounded by a few bars, restaurants and apartment buildings. At the end, the stage is setup in front of the far building with a large, video screen above it. I personally like how you can venture in and out of the piazza through the back of the local bars, making access to food, drinks and restrooms much more accommodating than I assumed.
This was also good because some were worried about finding shelter during Mother Nature's forecasted oncoming storms, which eventually hit right after the Imagine Dragons finished their set. They sounded great and I can't envision seeing them for free again anytime soon.
Even though the rain cut the entire concert short, I had a great time regardless. I'm looking forward to see which groups stop by here next summer.I love this place. I thank that my friends' friend lived here in the Piazza and am so blown away by all the things the Piazza offers!
I was able to stay in one of these hip apartments for 4 days and over the course of my stay I discovered some very interesting things. First there were farmer's markets and cool concerts that happened in the Piazza. Next was a bunch of naked people on bikes for the Philadelphia Naked Bike Ride. Needless to say, it was even more exciting for me in Philadelphia because of the Piazza!
I think in general, this place is pretty cool because they offer free concerts and a much needed freebie in this hipster area for sure.The Piazza at Schmidt's is a fun place to hang around. The main place to eat as is PYT, as PYT has tables and benches outside during warm weather and sometimes has DJs spin feel good music as you enjoy your beer and PYT's specialty burgers. 
Other than the close restaurants around The Piazza, there are usually big events that are hosted here. Recently, Preakness at the Plaza, with music by DJ Royale, just happened a few weeks ago, and World Dance Day was held here with music services provided by yours truly (I'm a DJ lol). A HUGE event that happened at The Piazza was the Mad Decent Block Party, which was absolutely amazing.
Overall, the vibe at The Piazza is pretty cool. There's usually something playing on the humongous TV at the end of The Piazza, and there's always people walking around and it makes it a very comforting and fun place to hang out.I almost didn't write a review of this place because I just don't have too much to say about it. I just don't like it. I think it's stupid. The stores and restaurants are all overpriced.
I couldn't agree more with the "6th borrough of NYC" comment and that guy didn't even have to go there to get that vibe. It's got all the trendy smugness of Brooklyn and it's only moderately as opposed to ridiculously overpriced.
I'm not a huge Northern Liberties fan anyway, but crap like this is decidedly taking Philly further in a direction I'm not too excited about.
Also, I wish there was grass in the courtyard instead of just a huge cement space, that'd be much cooler.free parking. great shops. open outdoor court yard with a stage. dogs everywhere. art galleries. food. great people watching envirnoment. 5 stars.Renting at the piazza - Their slogan is that it's not about living, it's about lifestyle. If you like fire alarms going off several times a week in the middle of the night, rent here. If you like piss poor communications and response from the management staff and maintenance staff, rent here. If you like walking past trash scattered all over the parking lot from the dumpster they put right in front, rent here.Wait, a cool concept that was well designed and executed?!? I am as shocked as you.  The Piazza is certainly a nice place to catch a show thanks to the Summer Block Parties Radio 104.5 has been putting on the last few years.  It is also a decent place to just hang out if you are looking for somewhere to go in the No Libs area. Am I going to make a point to go there every day or even once a week?  Probably not, but then again I do live in Manayunk!  The free parking (except for show day) and selection of food and drink make the Piazza worth a visit and a return trip. Enjoy!Overall, I'm a fan of this place.
There are plenty of stores and restaurants in the Piazza.   PYT, Swift Half, and PYT are the ones I've visited.  Some are good, some are great, some need better bread.   And some I haven't visited yet because it looks just a bit to expensive for me.  The other collection of stores range from a small grocery, a magic shop, some art galleries, and a T-shirt shop.   Are they "over priced?"  Probably, but that's the nature of the game for stores like these.  You could probably find cheaper places elsewhere, but you won't find all of these places in the same place.
The biggest attraction of this place is the big screen TV above the stage at the end of the piazza.   On a warm summer night there is no better place to watch the Phillies.   With that said, it can get very crazy there during the playoffs.  I'm not much for rabid crowds, but from what I've heard it is a very good time if you are into that sort of stuff.
As far as the living conditions and what this place is doing to the property values... I really can't speak on that.   I don't live there and I don't own property in the area so I can't pass judgement on that.
With that said, I don't think many people base their decision on visiting this place based on the economic impact of urban development.   If you haven't been here yet, you should check it out a few times.   There are plenty of good places to eat here and across the street.   If it isn't for you... and granted, sometimes it is a bit overwhelming for me... there is PLENTY of other places in Old Liberties you can check out.  
I for one like to bounce between places, but this place is a keeper.A spacious area with plenty of bars and stores surrounding it.
The stage area is great for big and small shows, and there are dogs walking around too because it's outside!Very nice addition to Northern Liberties and Philadelphia.
Nice alternative to nightlife and a place to watch the games. There's an outdoor area perfect for nice weather, and art galleries, small boutiques and restaurants for bad weather.
Located on 2nd street, so if it's raining you can go wander up 2nd street to Standard Tap, North Bowl or N 3rd.I saw the best minds of my generation 
Destroyed by making time, starving hypocritical ...naked? 
Dragging themselves through the northern streets at dawn 
Looking for Hedwig and some angry inch
Angel-headed hipsters txting for the facebook connection
To the PYT dynamo in the mockery of night.
Umm... thank you Allen?
Allen: Ginsboro.
Me: Oh funny. Your poem was a lot like Allen Ginsberg's "The Howl" but you seemed to reword some of it. I'm sure you heard of him. He's dead by the way.
Allen Ginsboro: No I have not.
Girl: You are so lame. 
Me: Ya he kinda is.
Girl: I wasn't talking to him. You're lame. Hey Allen read us some more!
Allen Ginsboro: This next one is entitled "Why Adam Dislikes the Hip Piazza"
Me: How do you know my name?
Girl: OMG! He doesn't mean you! There are like more Adams than you loser.
Me: Where the hell did you come from?! I mean this is a Yelp review that I'm writing about the Piazza @ Schmidt's!
Dude: Woah dude! Deep!
Me: Now where did you come from?
Allen Ginsboro: Everyone be quiet! I am about to read my poem.
Dude: Play Freebird!
Girl: Everyone is so lame right now.
Me: SHUT UP! EVERYONE!
*silence*
Sir? Are you alright?
Me: Huh? Who?
Waitress outside of PYT: Can I help you?
Me: Oh it was all a dream. And you were there, and he was and and that Allen Ginsboro guy over there. And that girl on her iphone...
Girl: Don't talk to me. You're still lame!
Me: NOOOOOO!!!!!
Narrator: There you have it. An ordinary hipster about to turn 30 has taken a wrong turn into "The Pizza Zone".
Me: Don't you mean Piazza? 
Narrator: Shut up. 
Girl: I know... lame. 
Narrator: Hey do you play Farmville? 
Girl: OMG yes!
Me: Get me out of this review!I don't care how hipster it is.  I love it here.  There are so many shopping & dining options that it suits just about everyone.  
In my opinion, there's not enough al fresco eating in this lovely city of ours.  The Piazza definitely helps alleviate that situation.  
The big screen in the Piazza is a great place to watch a game whilst enjoying a burger & beer from PYT or any other host of places.  
The Piazza offers a really cool, different option for a night out.  The only downside is that parking can be a bit sketchy, but most people who frequent the Piazza walk!There isn't really a good way to explain it, but the Piazza is just cool. Hip modern architecture meets a social plaza in a way that just doesn't seem common in American cities (re: Italy). I was pleased to discover a new place to go that exudes some of the same "commons"-type feelings as the market on 2nd and Lombard, but with an updated feel. Bars and restaurants line the square and the apartments above make me just a little jealous of the occupants because of the proximity of the residents to all of the options there. The community feel is enhanced by people walking with their young families or their dogs; the Piazza is a great place to people-watch, even on a normal day. There is even a giant TV at one end of the square, which is easily visible from the outdoor seating at some of the restaurants. I even saw people who lived in the apartment complex sitting on their balconies and watching the sports game on the big TV (admittedly, the sound wasn't there, but that's easily remedied)! Probably the best part about the Piazza for me is how the eating establishments seem to seep into the square-- one can enjoy a meal outside and be entertained by all of the people wandering around.
In addition, yesterday I attended the free Winter Jam 2013 Concert sponsored by radio 104.5, which featured Matt and Kim (on crutches) and Teegan and Sara, among others. It was a great concert and caused the Piazza to become completely packed, even on a frigid January afternoon. The bars all had beer stands and were selling refreshments, which meant we didn't have to leave our spots to sit down in the bars (which were already completely packed). We were even lucky enough to meet Matt after the show because we happened to be standing outside of the bowling alley that they went to after the show (he was really cool, came over and said hi, and even shook hands). The fact that the concert was free and surrounded by so many cool eating options for during and after the show really made the night, because we didn't have to go far to find somewhere to stop.
Of course, I would guess that the main downside to the Piazza is living on the inside; the concerts and TV probably disrupt life a bit. However, at the Winter Jam, I saw tons of people on their balconies rocking out to the music. They seemed to all enjoy it, so my cautionary tale to potential residents is this: if you aren't a fan of a large, bright TV in the square and frequent musical gatherings, get an apartment that faces the outside of the complex.It's a parking lot surrounded by ugly buildings and overpriced snotty businesses. It's like being in a pizza oven in the summer and in the tundra in the winter. 
I only go to Sunday Out because I'm paid to. Hell I wouldn't go to Sunday Out ANYWHERE if I wasn't paid to.I was in downtown Philly for one day with my brother and our respective girlfriends, we had a great day, went to a few bars and had lunch right next door to the Piazza ice skating rink, so when we walked by it again on our way back to our car, we figured we'd give it a shot.
After we paid, they told us it was fake ice. We got on the ice and immediately regretted giving them any money. Each square acts differently and you have no ability to skate at all. Basically you walk around on ice skates. As well, they gave me a broken skate and I would have hurt my ankle if my girlfriend hadn't looked down and notice that the entire shoe was coming apart.
After 30 seconds of walking and tripping on something that didn't resemble ice at all we went back in and asked for a refund. The woman was nice, but had no ability to give us a refund at all. So we waited since the manager was supposed to come down and "fix it" or give us a refund. He never came. Basically they stole our money for no service.
Do not bother.A lot of people speak of gentrification but they have to realize that any neighborhood with an artist community is bound to get claimed by developers out to make money.  NY's SOHO, LES, WILLIAMSBURG are all perfect examples... With that said, PIAZZA is a great place to hang out, walk your dog or have fun with your kids.  People say the stores are overpriced but watching games on the huge monitor is FREE, taking a stroll through the many galleries are FREE, playing ping pong with the guys at PRINT LIBERATION is FREE and they hold many other FREE events and is just a great atmosphere to have.
And anyone who thinks Philly is NY's 6th borough has never been to Philly..Yay for now.  Am cautiously optimistic about this new and ambitious development venture/space/concept.  Because I live in the 'hood I've seen the area come up from nothing, so for that I'm grateful.  I'll take development over empty trash-strewn lots any day.  The whole of Liberties Walk (despite its very generic architecture) has held up, so I hope the Piazza does too.
It's been written everywhere that developer Bart Blastein used the Piazza Navona in Rome as his inspiration for the Piazza at Schmidts... which is fine and dandy except the Piazza at... Schmidts doesn't roll off the tongue quite as well, it isn't strewn with gorgeous fountains and it obviously lacks a certain authenticity.  But one must move with the times, non?
Love that the space was designed with entertainment in mind with a stage and a huge LCD screen at one end (I've been told they show Phillies games on it too and will have movie night screenings) 
The area truly redeems itself with loads of young entrepreneurs and artists taking up the Ground floor space with interesting galleries, accessory and apparel boutiques.  Throw in a few eateries, including a new export from the people at Good Dog (called Swift Half - which doesn't seem to be open just yet but it's billing itself as serving food until 1 am which is promising and who doesn't love Good Dog?)  and you've got the makings of a cool space.
Everything else in the space however, seems like an afterthought.  Tiny lifeless trees have been planted in the perimeter, stainless steel picnic tables are strewn about.  In the teensy weensy north west corner is there are some perennials, a patch of grass  and a sad looking geometric fountain.  Noise level is high and when there are tunes playing the sound properly echoes within the confines of the apartment buildings.  
Keeping my fingers crossed that the area continues with its forward movement - only once all the businesses are up and running and the area is fully operating will we know whether the whole effort will be successful - and catch-on. Buona Fortuna Piazza... er.. Schmidts!I've lived in the piazza for the past year.  I am reviewing this as a resident.  I have loved living here since the second I moved in.  There's always people around, things to do, and awesome people in my building.  I am reading some people complaining about the noise, but honestly are you surprised?  Do you hear drunk people, of course.  Is it sometimes loud, of course.  I mean there's a giant TV screen in the courtyard.  It's clearly a party place.  Oddly enough living there, it becomes background noise.  
The bars IN the piazza are only semi ok.  Max's and Gunner's Run are really lame, but if you go down 2nd street there are some gems.  
I am very bummed that the building was bought and the rent has gone up so highly.  I think its not worth that price, and they will have a hard time filling it.  However, I guess time will tell.I came here during the day on a beautiful Saturday morning to grab some brunch and see what it was all about. First I suppose I should mention that I've never been here, so it is possible I was just caught up in the modernness of it all. I love the look of the place, kind of like a planned neighborhood (like suburbs) but prettier. I'm sure the stores are expensive, but when I was there I really just wanted to see what it was all about. 
I went to Darling's for food and had a pretty good experience. Afterwards we walked through the farmer's market and thought it was interesting that there weren't many 'farmers' there. There was a nut and dried fruit guy, a guy selling local meats and cheeses, a cheese/pie person, and a bread guy, but no fruits and vegetables, which I'm pretty sure is a requirement for a farmer's market. 
Anyhow there was also a fashion/craft show going on with lots of stalls with different products. I bought an awesome frilly headband from one vendor and am very excited to wear it out (it's a bit much for everyday wear). We walked around and talked to some of the vendors, and basically had a brilliant time. We ended our visit with a trip to Euphoria smoothies and coffee and grabbed some most excellent bubble teas. 
Truly, I thought it was a great time, and a very interesting space to hang out in. I like the idea that if feels so different from Philadelphia, it basically made me want to move to the neighborhood (probably not actually in the Piazza, but a house nearby could be pretty great.) I will definitely be returning in the future to see what it's like at different times and to visit more of the shops.A nice place to hang out and eat/drink/shop.  They've done a nice job with it.  I wonder though, if you live in one of those big, new buildings, does the noise level in the summer (especially on Saturday nights) preclude a quiet family life??
Just sayin'...The place is really picking up as the summer rolls on.  I've been going to various weekly events for the past few weeks, and just thought to post after a rather successful concert put on by the local radio station at the Piazza.  
The concert was splendid, and the venue was perfect for it.  Swift Half pub had a packed beer garden, and I believe everyone present had a good time.  I'm sure the various shops made out like bandits with all the consumers wandering around for the afternoon.
For the most part, weekends are a pleasant stroll around here.  I'm no fashionable or high-culture kind of guy, nor am I a quintessential hipster, so I usually only purchase stuff at the candy shop down liberties walk, or drinks/food from one of the bars/resturaunts/cafes.  But it's worth spending free time just walking around, and as mentioned elsewhere, would likely make a good inexpensive night out with a significant other.   Fantastic free dates would be their Friday night film series (usually an independant film, but they've been decent the past few weeks), or one of the summer block parties the first Saturday of each month.  Even cheaper if you make a little picnic of your own to bring.
PYT and Swift Half serve alcohol, though you are limited to purchasing and consuming within the roped off patios they maintain.  During events, security will confiscate personal liquor and beer supplies, just as a fair-weather warning.
I believe the only improvements I'd look for in the Piazza as a whole are a nice bookstore, and (as mentioned in some other posts) perhaps a bit more greenery.  Ideally, I'd love to see them start hosting some more casual social events on weeknights like a karaoke or maybe bags tournaments.  But it is really becoming something very nice for the community as is.This area reminds me of a European (Belgian) styled market-square where people gather to get drinks, chat, and occasionally see a show. Keep a look out for free concerts that occasionally happen here. (I went to the Q104.5 Winter Jam that featured Teegan & Sara, Walk The Moon and Matt & Kim.) The best place to eat in here is PYT Burger and if you don't want one of their fabulous milkshakes, there's a gelato joint in this square as well.As a resident, I really enjoy living here. My apartment is modern, new and full of space! 2BR/2BA, and THREE walk-in closets? A girls dream. I love how pet friendly the area is; it was one of the biggest reasons we chose to move here. My commute into CC is fast and easy. As for the noise, it's not bad, really. I am asleep early during the week and while yes I can hear the occasional drunken yelling, it does not disrupt my sleep. I love the abundance of dining choices around, but beware, some of these restaurants aren't here to provide good service. PYT seems to be a fan favorite but honestly, I've had one too many poor experiences there, plus --- They don't do take-out on the weekends (WHY?!). Bar Ferdinand is awesome and I get El Camino almost weekly. King's Oak has good bar food, and Gunner's Run has a great beer selection. Pink Dolphin and Don Marvelous are the 'convenience' stores here, but I'm not sure how convenient they are when PD isn't open on Sundays and DM is open whenever it wants to be. The concerts are a great excuse to have people over and watch from the balcony. 
All in all I would recommend the apartments AND the social/dining scene to anyone who askscoolest thing to happen to philly since cheesesteaks. what a great outdoor space. needs a few more bars though.The Piazza is a super chill place to meet friends, hang out , grab a bite or a drink, or watch a game on their jumbo screen.  Built in the heart of the Northern Liberties, the Piazza is a triangle plaza surrounded on one side by the old Schmidt's Brewery, another side is upscale apartments, and the other is commercial property largely occupied by little boutiques and art galleries. The Piazza frequently hosts large events and concerts. It is a great outdoor venue and so easy to head over to a restaurant or bar in the area to unwind after an event. I LOVE the Piazza!This place is white boy as shit. I'm all about local business and gentrification and investing in your community though, so it's really got a good thing going on. In the center of three huge condo complexes in "beautiful Northern Liberties" is the wonderful concrete piazza. Complete with obscure benches and shops, it's a fun place to hang out on a nice day. Various dance/block parties are hosted there as well. If you're looking to peruse the shops, bring some cash. Most of the stores I stopped into were pricey, but deffinately had nice clothes, jewelry, bike goods, etc. There are also a number of  art galleries, restaurants, a Trader Joe's meets Co-op kinda place, and anything and everything else that sorta embraces hipsterdom. Parking is free and it's a  fun way to spend a summer afternoon.I have been coming to the Piazza or now the Schmidt's Commons since it was conceptualized. 
 In the beginning there appeared to be a disconnect with the stores and restaurants that were located in the general area - now it appears that there has been a reconfiguration of the stores and restaurants/bars that have a more natural flow and connection.  
The outdoor stage is awesome and when events are hosted - it draws a nice crowd.  I was please to see that Walhburgers purchased a space for "Free Parking" and this makes all the difference with accessing this area.  I attending the "Art @ Night" show and it was a cool Burlesque and Acrobatic Show - What great fun!
I plan to return to the area more frequently so I can keep up with all the fun and new things happening int he area.The piazza isn't bad for smaller outdoor events.  The place sort of works as a wind tunnel, which is helpful in the summer, but in the spring and fall makes it feel much colder.  I do wish they had more variation in the eateries, it seems like the piazza is taking a good deal of time to develop and have some stable places that are a draw.  I know a lot of people rave about PYT, but I haven't been due to the crowds.  I do like Emmanuelle, a little bar on the outer edge.I love coming here for the Radio 104.5 shows, but as a 21 year old haha. The general section is filled with high schoolers (or younger) constantly crowdsurfing, and while I enjoy that occasionally, they really need to calm down most of the time.  The 21+ section is chill and you can happily enjoy a beer without having to worry about getting kicked in the head.  It also has a pretty good view of the stage.
I've also come here for the Brooklyn flea market, and while the flea market didn't have many items that I wanted, it shows the amount and variety of events held here.  I believe they also host free yoga on Saturdays.
There are a lot of restaurants surrounding the piazza such as the P.Y.T.  and it's walking distance from any of the good spots is in Northern Liberties. Check out the events they have there!My husband and I currently live at the Novana building at the Piazza. If you're thinking about moving here- DO NOT DO IT.
Walls are paper thin, and I mean PAPER THIN...we hear the little dogs that constantly bark on both sides of us and the people above us whenever they talk, walk, vaccum, etc.. 
You can hear all outside noises too especially the construction trucks at 6:30 a.m. EVERYDAY.
Everything looks nice inside but it's made of crappy materials and breaks. Plus, the apartments are very small and laid out odd...the bathrooms are HUGE but the bedrooms are tiny...
We got an amazing deal on the place (2 free months) but we are already looking for our next place...no way we will renew our lease.My first exposure was on a Sunday afternoon when Sundae threw their little get togethers and people danced, and played, hoola hooped and ate fire.
it was fun, almost too nice and felt like it was a scene in a movie.
then it stopped.
it felt cold and people's faces turned into blurry objects.
nobody danced.
nobody laughed.
the sun shone above, but it was cold and it was grey and it even felt more like a bad movie where sub titles were soon to appear.
please bring back the music.
 i do like the markets and the food and the people, but I is too fat and needs to dance;pMy husband and I have one of the smaller apartments in the Montessino.  I love old factory spaces that are now apartments (this is the 3rd one I have lived in) and this was really well done.  I never hear my neighbors, except the one below me, and only when they play music loudly.  It is way to expensive, but we really like the apartment.
I was psyched when I took the dog on a walk, and ok go was playing 50 feet from where I was picking up poo!
The galleries seem ok, PYT is awful, but everything else I rather enjoy.  The sad Italian restaurant no one eats at during the week?  Darlin's Diner with it's staff of incompetent college kids who talk as though they are still in high school?  The kid at the gelato place who didn't know about nutella?  
Every time I see that ridiculous screen I chuckle because I kind of love it.  It is really dog friendly and safe.  The retail stores seem pretty stupid, but it all amuses.  Would I be happy if they stuck a Gap in here so I get buy a new pair of jeans or socks instead of doing laundry?  A bookstore?  A kitchen supply store?  Yes, I would love that.  If that happens, I'll change my rating to 4 stars.I was at The Piazza for a concert & summer block party. I found it to be super-crowded and unnecessarily difficult to get in and out of the square. Not my favourite venue.Prior to last May, I had NEVER ventured into Northern Liberties.  Then, lo and behold, SundayOUT was moved from Center City to the Piazza!  Since I already had a face painting gig [joint effort with a fellow painter] scheduled at Liberty Lands Park, about a block away from the Piazza, I had plans to go to SundayOUT as soon as I was finished.  The space is PERFECT for big events like that, complete with a stage and a massive screen for people to congregate and watch a sports game.  Not only that, it's surrounded by a number of great shops, restaurants, and bars, making the space a HUGE step toward the revival of Northern Liberties! I'd say we're pretty close...I really like the concept but something is just so .. off about the Piazza. First of all, I, like many others, am glad I don't live there. Secondly, the Piazza seems so popular since it's always crowded during warmer months, but none of the stores that were there last summer are there now! It's sad. 
I love the big screen and the lounge chairs and patches of astroturf that are sprinkled around. I love the people- and dog-watching. Everyone is usually pretty relaxed and trying to enjoy their afternoon/night. 
Maybe I'm just cranky because of how crowded it's starting to get, or the fact that the Arrow Swim Club has taken some of the already sparse (albeit free) parking spots.The Piazza is a great place to live! There is everything you need within walking distance. The subway is only a few blocks away which isn't too shabby. There are a lot of cute shops and great restaurants within the piazza itself and within walking distance. It's set up to be like a modern, hip residential community and that is what it is! The age group living their is 25-40 so there are a lot of people to connect with. There are a lot of events so their is something to do almost every weekend. Also for the older crowd its walking distance to a couple bars, however, most bars you'll need to take a $10-$15 cab ride to, which is not too bad! Overall I love it!How can you not like the Piazza?  Where else in the city are you going to find a huge open space that mimics a European square? Yes--there are a lot of hipsterish folks around here, but don't let them deter you ;-)
I love that you can just come here one day when you have nothing to do and automatically find something to do--whether it's people watching while you eat gelato, buying local goods from the farmers market, enjoying a sports game on the big tv screen, attending a live concert, lounging on the lawn chairs, or eating the new Krispy Kreme Burger at PYT----there is always something to do!
Great place for bringing out-of-town guests!
REQUEST: Please Bring the Dance Parties back in the summer on Sunday.  Since this party moved to Octo it's just not the same :-(Man what a great place to take someone on a date when you have no money what's so ever, but want to make it look like you had something planned the whole time. 
When I go to the Piazza, I always enjoy walking around. Seeing what they are playing on that fancy TV. Looking  to see if there is any interesting artwork, or if there is somewhere to get a good bite to eat. 
I just rarely find those things. 
The swift half is OK, and PYT looks like it could be fun if I wore aviator sunglasses, but bottom line there is never anything that makes me stay there for more than 35 minutes. 
I don't think I can give up on this place just yet. Every once in a while Bambi will have a good show up for first Friday, or a Phil's game will keep me looked onto that TV for an hour or two. 
Think twice before attending an event that they are hosting. It is always over hyped and not as advertised. (I have scars on my heart from this past flea market)
If you are going to travel all the way to the Piazza. Go with no expectations what so ever and you will have a nice time.this place used to be fun when the Sundae party was there last summer - then they pulled the plug on that...
then it was fun during the eagles games - until some one fired gun shots so they pulled the plug on that...
then there were the cool new apartments - but had no security and we all know what happened....
the only reason I give this place more than 1 star is for PYT which can be fun - other than that I have no reason to go here - there are restaurant/bar options which are 1000 times better within a blockI must say I was a little in awe when the piazza opened... Being that I lived in this area for over two years and it seemingly popped up over night and really became a huge hot spot. I can't say that I'd ever choose to hang out in this area during the night, but it is very enjoyable to walk around looking into the wide variety of stores and galleries making an occasional purchase - especially on a beautiful fall day.  There is really something that caters to almost everyone in this area.  In addition to stores and galleries there are also a wide variety of different restaurants bars to choose from.  If you haven't been to this area its definitely worth the visit.I know people have mixed reviews of the Piazza, but I'm a fan.  It's a great space for markets and festivals, and even though the restaurants aren't the greatest, there are some pretty great shops.  It's really a fantastic addition to the neighborhood and unlike anything else you can find in Philly.The Piazza is such a warm and inviting place to be. With events nearly everyday from movies to games to concerts to yoga, there's always something to do and I look forward to coming to the Piazza every time.I am writing this as a resident.  I am 22 and a grad student.  I have lived here since May 1st, 2013.  The people over at Westminster are so easy to work with, they are very flexible and very accommodating.  It's always stressful to go through the application process, but they always thoroughly answered any question I had.  And I had A LOT of questions!  The only negative thing I have to say is that it didn't seem like an actual employee did a walk through before I moved in.  Two of my kitchen drawers were broke, my mirror in the bathroom was cracked, neither of my screen doors worked, and my washing machine was broken.  Also, behind the stove and the washing machine were disgusting, so it would be nice if the cleaning crew were thorough.  However, they came to fix everything almost immediately, which is a luxury you just don't get everywhere.  Additionally, they are always very apologetic and make you feel like a valued resident.  YES it gets VERY loud, especially when there are events, but I am usually down there anyways so I don't mind too much, and if I do, the closet is a very quiet place to sleep...  It's also annoying when the bars or restaurants close, but leave the music on so I'm hearing Trouble by Taylor Swift at 4am, but that is rare.  If you're about this life, I would definitely recommend this place.  NoLibs is the place to be right now, and it's so close to 95 and the El.  It's perfect for me!Great place to hang around with children or friends. Big enough to find a peaceful place to hang out. Good food too.WOW! it's like a little bit of Europe in N.Libs. Cool store fronts (mostly galleries and hipster boutiques) with some nice places to sit outside and enjoy a drink or three. 
The best part is the stage, nice sound system and even a jumbo-tron. Yes, a full-sized jumbo-tron like they have in sports stadiums. At first I was weary, but they use it to great affect with phillies games, visuals etc. 
The music and events programing at the Piazza is great. Always something interesting happening. From string quartets, to jazz, to afro pop, to house... 
The skinny: it's a sophisticated mix of looks, tastes and people unlike anything else in Philly, or the US for that matter.Really awesome events are held here often and there is a huge screen to watch games, great bubble tea at Euphoria, and a cute area if you just want to eat and lounge, and who doesn't want to do those things? There are great options for anyone you are with since there is something there for everyone. The free parking lot is hard to beat too since you will always find parking and that is a tough feat in Philadelphia, especially for free. I have gone to the Darling's Diner late night and was grateful for the parking.We went to The Piazza to see a free concert.  While I'm not sure that I'd want to live there with all of the hullabaloo going on all the time ... I do love that there's always something going on there.
The parking situation is a little rough in my experience ... but my next million dollar idea (that i have no funding for) is to transform one of the run down buildings with an awesome facade into a parking garage.  MILLIONS.  You heard it here first.
All in all, The Piazza is awesome.I know everybody hates on the piazza, but I really like the events that they have been sponsoring lately. Free urban yoga every saturday at 9am? count me in! I used to live in Liberties Walk, and it was always WAY too loud. Now that I live in Fishtown, I appreciate that I can enjoy the piazza and leave to a more quiet neighborhood.This was my first time at The Piazza at Schmidt's and it was also the first day opening for their year 'round Farmer's Market.
I need to be honest with my over all opinion of driving into Northern Liberties and thinking wow, no glitz, no glamour, old and run down came to mind. Keep in mind that I appreciate old cities and buildings and what they have to offer and I certainly did not explore the neighborhood, even though I would like to do this one day.
The gated graveled parking lot across the street offers ample free parking.  Walking into this large courtyard of shops, restaurants and galleries, your eyes sweep over the owners walking numerous friendly dogs, gardens and beautiful buildings that kiss the open sky.
I was freezing as I was entering the courtyard, but all of a sudden the beauty of what the piazza has offered to Northern Liberties and the friendly folks at the open market made me forget all of that.  There were probably a dozen and one half tables set up for the first day of this farmer's market, but they had some quality goods to sell and I bought my share of homemade soups, quiches, pot pies, salsa, breads and sweet baked goods.
I had the pleasure of meeting beautiful Monica, our CM, as I smiled and scarfed some little yelp buttons and an ink pen.  Funny, cause as we were talking, the guy at the next booth stepped up and said DJ?  I said yes, come to find out he was a yelper at one time and a friend to many of us. 
This is certainly not like Piazza San Marco ( St. Mark's Square ) nor any other open square or market I have been to in Europe, however I am liking what I saw and I think it adds a lot to the area and Philly.
I will certainly be back to watch as the year 'round Farmer's Market grows and to see what else they have to offer.  I'm anxious to check out some of the restaurants and more of the shops and galleries.  
Piazza at Schmidt's, you have my vote. I found my glitz and glamour in Northern Liberties.I love the Piazza but  I understand why many people do not though.  A lot fear that it's taking away from Northern Liberties' original charm and I can understand that.
I like the Piazza because of the galleries, boutiques, restaurants, and open space.  It really is a nice setting.  Now with the new farmers market I love it even more.
I live in one of the apartment buildings and pay a really, really decent price for what I get.  I love being able to walk out my door and into the Piazza- especially in the summer.  There's always something going on.On my first visit to the Piazza years ago I remember thinking "This is exactly what Philly has needed for a long time."  The Piazza brings Northern Libs together with the rest of the city.  It's a venue, a destination, and truly a community.  From showing movies and sporting events on the huge outdoor screen to hosting arts and craft fairs the Piazza does it all. I've been there for lots of fun concerts and although it does get crowded and a bit crazy it's always a memorable experience. I would give the Piazza 5 stars if they had a better selection of shops and more affordable  restaurants. 
If you haven't been to the Piazza, what are you waiting for? Go to their website and check out their events page- there is something for everyone (even kids!).I was here a few weeks ago for Salsa night. By far one of my new favorite places! Loved the entire evening. Bars, restaurants, friends, and live salsa music... what more can you ask for?I like it's attempt to create an inviting pedestrian space.  Once you visit Europe you realize this is one of the major things American cities lack.  Everything seemed pretty fun when I visited at the tail end of First Friday, but I also get this weird sense of how contrived the whole thing is.  The post-modern apartment buildings around all the open space...  The intent seems good, but as others have said it detracts a bit from the charm of what No. Libs once was.Always a great experience at the Piazza. From concerts to yoga festivals this is a space made for a fun time with good company. The only critique I would have is that acoustics are not the best if you're in the back of the space, but compared to all the other pros it has with the restaurants and bars it doesn't put much of a dent into the venue.Okay. I'm over it.
Everyone is going nuts over this space and yes, it has brought many businesses, lots of action and attention into  this (my) neighborhood, but lord all-mighty, it's getting out of control here. Sure, the piazza has spurred development straight across my 'hood, south, west, east and especially North - but with this growth, has come, as expected, the crowds (more rowdy than not), and a kind of evolution for the neighborhood that I'm not terribly crazy about.
I don't exactly know what Blastein had in mind when he came up with this development concept, but the end result is downright college frat party meets Jersey Shore (and it is especially more so, now with the addition of the Arrow Swim Club at its north east end). The piazza itself is about as coolly European as the PYT burgers and 'adult' milkshakes served there. Which is to say, not at all.  This whole piazza stinks of 'try-hard' accompanied with bad music blasting at all times of the day. 
Speaking of PYT, along with the Pink Dolphin Market and Millesime, they are the only original tenants left at the Piazza. The businesses and galleries that were once here are no longer - hustled out, moved out, priced out, what have you - all I know is that there is such a HIGH turnover of restaurants and businesses here, it's enough to make one's head spin, even the Piazza people can't keep up (that is, their web page as of today still show the Appolinare restaurant as operating, while it's clearly visible by anyone there that it's been replaced by Kingdom's Oak - mind you this is the fourth restaurant that has been placed in this spot !).  What is solid, genuine and local about that, I ask you? What does it say about the longevity of all of this?  
I am always in awe about how much this (my) neighborhood has changed in the six short years I've moved here.  I am all for development, but really, it begs the question, at what cost?Thankfully, I don't live here. I've heard a number of stories about those apartments that give me the impression that I should avoid every living there. 
However, the Piazza itself it pretty great. I love that the architects/planners created such a large, central public area where people can gather, relax, enjoy a performance or shop at the supposed Farmer's Market that exists during nicer weather (and that I've sadly never been around for). The ground floor consists primarily of businesses, which is awesome! There are cafes, restaurants, a grocery store, boutiques and art galleries too! It's quite a vibrant little arena - which can only mean that crowd noise level, depending on the day/time/weather, could be rather noticeable to those dwelling above. But for everyone else living/existing in the general area, its a wonderful place to spend an afternoon.Couldn't think about going back here again. Went for a free concert at the Piazza, and yes I totally understand the meaning of the word FREE, but the Piazza was crowded, messy, and generally just annoying. Everyone says "great place for a recent college grad to throw away some money" if you want to live here as I am seeing these earlier reviews. 
As a 22 year old recent college grad, I wouldn't think for one second of even looking at an apartment here or going here for a concert again. The sound was horrific. I waited about 45 minutes for a table at a restaurant (I think King's Oak?) and then got pretty much no service because the kitchen was the size of a small closet and they couldn't serve anyone. First time to NoLibs, probably the last time.Came into the city on Sunday afternoon hoping to do some ice skating and watch the Olympics on their big screen as advertised on their web site...got there and NOTHING. The rink was a mess and looked as though it had not been used in days. The big screen was showing the Olympics, but the entire piazza was pretty much desolate and nobody was watching. I get the feeling this is a summer place, we'll try again then.Since the closed the free lot, there is no longer anywhere to park more than 2 hours. Parking police out in force writing $26 tickets the minute you are there over the allowed time. 
There is a garage - only for Monthly residents.
Only in Philly could they be this #brilliantThe Piazza is a great spot to meet up with friends. While I am not crazy about all of their bars and restaurants (specifically PYT), I think there is a little something for everyone at the Piazza. I've been to the Piazza for live outdoor concerts and it's always a good time... even with a couple thousand people. I've also been here just to watch the Phillies or Flyers on their large outdoor screen which is a nice change of pace from the usual Philly sports bars. I've been meaning to get to the Piazza for an outdoor movie but haven't been able to yet. I know they also host art shows and street food markets. 
If you're looking for a nice change from the Center City scene, head to Northern Libs and spend some time at the Piazza.This Place is a Joke!!!!!!! Its a retirement home for  young rich kids  done . These people live in a bubble and they call themselfs urban. There just rich snobby bratty kids and jersy shore looking goof balls with one sleeve tattoo s. Place is so corny !! LMFAO!Came here for Winter Jam Fest 2014. This place is amazing for holding outdoor concerts. The set up is wall to wall bars, with a large open courtyard. The walls are amazing at making the acoustics in this place perfect for angry rock music. This layout definitely has a lot of potential for bar hopping, even though most of the bars are pretty homogenous. 
My only complaint about this place was the frightening lack of security during the concert I attended. I gotta give them credit though for allowing me to see three of the best fights I've ever witnessed in my life. The main event was a ten man brawl that went interrupted, and culminated with a guy getting kicked in the head.This is my go-to place in the city.  camino, bar ferdinand, full plate.... and that awesome gelato place (try getting a scoop of dark chocolate and a scoop of the "sea salt" flavor)! mmm!This reminded me of Italy, Venice to be exact because the last time I was at a place like this was years ago when I was tramping around Europe.  I remembered having such a great time and thinking it was so awesome and then a few years ago the piazza opened up.  I was so excited.  You can also park for FREE in the free lot which is a huge help. 
There's always something going on.  Tons of friends and a great meet up place.  The businesses are great to check out and just walk around where you can find unique shops.  When there is something going on the stage its great to just hang out too.  
Whenever people come visit me from out of town I come down from the burbs to the Piazza because I know we can find something to do 
I remember zooming down 2nd street back in the day when there were no businesses, no lights, no stop signs.  Just big empty ugly lots with unused warehouses. I'm glad to see the changes over the years and what Northern Liberties has become.  I grew up in this neighborhood and only moved out 3 years ago. I miss it.One thing that you can't ever replicate in any NEW space and especially in a neighborhood such as NoLibs is the fact that the draw of this place has to do with it's homey, older roots.  Philadelphia is an old city!  Anything newly built is going to lack that charm  that most of NoLibs has but we shouldn't disregard what is happening simply because of its modern approach.  I realize that not everyone is going to embrace something like the Piazza or the contemporary construction and over priced apartments around it but at least we have it.  It gives us an option for somewhere else to go and people watch during a nice night.  It may provide somewhere to hopefully watch the Phillies repeat or the Eagles throughout the approaching season.  I think this place is great and needs time to get a little "Philly grime" on it to take its rightful place in this neighborhood.I live about 5 blocks from here and every weekend, the time I need to relax, I have to shut all my windows. The concerts here suck ass to begin with and the bands that play on Saturdays all scream at the top of their lungs. Why? I haven't a clue. All you hear is bass and shitty vocals. I've walked over there many times and even checked one out (instead of being a hater). Only one word came to my mind when I was there, "STUPID."
I don't know how anyone could live near here and I'm sure after a while they will feel the way I do, extremely annoyed.the piazza is sort of the symbol of everything you love and hate all at once about northern liberties. it's super showy and modern in a neighborhood that's getting developed until there's nothing left to develop. but it's also home to a lot of great local restaurants and other businesses. i do enjoy going to watch a movie on the big screen and the farmer's market they have in the summer. it's a great place to relax and is a great spot when the weather gets nice.Great communal space in an very up and coming neighborhood.  Big screen tv, stage, bars, shops, art galleries, etc.  Not to mention a weekly farmers market among other events year round.  A great addition to a neighborhood that is thriving.Cool place to hang out and the festival was fun. The music was ok but I had a great time shaking my tail feathers. They have a few shops and restaurants in the area. I must say they only cater to the little school kids and i mean little school kids. The clothing in those stores are for youngsters no bigger than a 12yrs old. The restaurants are for the people who are there for tapas and drinks, no dinner. Its an ok for music and festivals.the Piazza is a cool idea and I think it's generally an asset to the neighborhood. new urbanism is great in theory, I think, but in practice there can be something a little bit sterile about the spaces - that might just be because it's all still so shiny and new, though.
I think I would like it a lot more if they had just put in a pool, because seriously, how awesome would that be? Philly's biggest problem is the lack of private-ish pools - city pools are great and I wish that the city could afford to keep them open, but you can't exactly spend an afternoon by the pool with beer at one of them.
anyway, I guess it's a cool place and everything but I just don't see myself hanging out there a lot. maybe if I got myself one of those tiny dogs, because those seem to be pretty popular down there.****THE INSIDER EDITION******
I've been living in Erbe for 3yrs and can't wait to end my lease, to never renew again. 
For the most part I enjoy living here, the location is less congested than the rest of the city, permit parking is free for residents and there's a guest parking lot for visitors. Parking is a huge plus considering it is a major headache when living in any city. It's also nice to have restaurants and bars in walking distance. Over all living here has been very convenient. 
Here comes the pitfall.... "ADULT COLLEGE DORM FOR TRUST FUND BABIES"
*THE TURN AROUND:
Management at The Pizza is a turnstyle door. Never the same employees from month to month, the leases are contingent upon what new management person does yours (never the same lease from year to year and also differentiate from tenant to tenant). 
*SOMEONE CALLED MAINTENANCE?? 
You're waiting up to  3 days for them. They don't schedule an appointment to come into your apartment, either....they just enter (sometimes even when you're in the shower.) 
*NOTHING'S FOR FREE...LIVING AT THE PIAZZA: 
Tower nickel and dimes their tenants to DEATH. Locked out of your apartment? That's a $100 fee to open your door for you. Want a closer parking spot? That's a $100 a month extra fee onto your rent.  You pay for GAS, WATER, PECO & COMCAST. They threaten every lease renewal to charge for TRASH also. 
*FREE EVENTS MAKE US CRINGE:
The Events are great for those who don't live here. THEY are VERY loud, forget about sleeping/napping or hearing your own TV set until they're over. Drunks from all the events (NYE and 104.5 Concerts) try to get into your building and it can be a scary experience if you are a girl. 
*WHAT SECURITY? 
Need a security guard or your security deposit back? Well you won't seeing either. There's one security guard (who ONLY sits in the Navona Building) guess since Erbe pays less money.....we don't get one. Security deposits are waved in front of  ex-tenants, they want you to clean, paint, and basically remodel the apartment better than it was rented to you in order to get your security back. So frustrating. 
I've enjoyed living here but it's sad/annoying how they treat their tenants, especially reliable ones who stay for a few years.This is by far one of the weirdest places I've seen hipsters congregate.  Ever.  There were a hodgepodge of stores, some of which didn't seem to fit in with the greater neighborhood, and none of which piqued my interest.  Just odd.I don't live in any of the Piazza's apartments so my perspective is just of being a resident of the neighborhood who visits the Piazza often. If I lived in one of the apartments facing the Piazza I'd imagine that the pros would be the cool area and the view, but the cons would be the noise. 
The Piazza hosts a ton of events, from watching games on their gigantic television system to live DJ summer parties. Patrons of the surrounding restaurants are all able to sit outside and take in the view as well. On the weekends, there is a farmer's market and what basically amounts to a flea market with vendors selling various wares (pet supplies, art, jewelry, clothing, etc.) Various expos are hosted there as well. 
It's a fun place to visit and hang out. Great for groups and kids.I used to live in one of these buildings. First off its way too expensive, secondly you can hear everything! When my upstairs neighbor vacuumed it sounded like there were 2 vacuums in my apartment, no lie. And don't even get me started about the little dogs and her walking around in high heels at 10 in the morn. The other part about this place that bothers me is how artificial everything feels. Aly M. had a good point, why isn't there grass in the middle? 
The art and T-shirt shops are unique I guess, but I'm not really into dropping $50 on a shiny T-shirt. It seems like everything is the same there; t-shirt shop, art gallery, t-shirt shop, art gallery, lame bar, etc. 
I love Northern Liberties; I've been living there for the past 2 years. There are so many fun things to do here, and the people are awesome. But the Piazza just doesn't fit in, its too fake, and trying way too hard to be cool. Plus the restaurants in there don't even come close to what you'd get at a classic place like Std. Tap (excluding Bar Ferdinand of course).The Piazza is great.  Free parking, numerous good places to eat, drink, shop (including one of Philly's best 24hr diners).  The free concerts are awesome and often include big name bands.  They also have tons of other free events (yoga, movies/sports on the giant screen tv,  food and beer fests, flea markets, etc..).  Location is also good, there's lots to do on 2nd St. and Liberties Walk.  I'm a fan of Northern Liberties and will continue to visit the Piazza.Perfect venue for a concert! OK Go was fantastic. The sub-90s weather (for once) helped!I just moved to the Piazza a few months ago, and have had a really pleasant experience thus far.  My neighbors are respectful, and the people at the management office were very professional and easy to work with throughout the rental process. Each restaurant throughout the Piazza and Liberties Walk is delicious with great, affordable specials. Another plus with living at the Piazza are the great events held each week. I have been to several events here, and I can honestly say that I never had a bad experience at any of them. Only a few months in, I am starting to realize that this area is the place to be - especially on the weekends! I am looking forward to the upcoming events throughout the summer, and inviting friends down to get a glimpse of the Piazza for themselves!Always amused when they hold festivals here. It's not that big and you pretty much just get shoved around.
I mostly come here because PYT is awesome.  And the free lot makes it worth the trip into the city!Liked your college dorm experience so much and don't wanna lose that vibe when you move up on in to the real world?
Have I got a place for you!?!
It's called the Piazza at Schmidt's.
Dude, what's happening on the Quad today?
I hope something really ultra bitchin'.Northern Liberties, PA
Free  tv viewing within an enclosed outdoor court with seats,  and closed from the street view by trendy shops and apartments. A hipster and yuppish atmosphere. Businesses still developing in this area. Great for the neighborhood. There are events held here but I haven't the chance to go yet- yeeek ! If you can imagine the parking would be nearly impossible. Have no idea how to find out about events held here yet.