My review is more experience/atmosphere based, I can't yet speak to the quality of the drinks, but when it comes to 'Tiki' I feel that the 3 are just inseparable.
I LOVE Tiki bars and always make a point to visit any when I'm traveling. I had been looking forward to the Yachtsman for awhile and had purposefully avoided any review or write-ups to form my own opinion. I called ahead on a Saturday afternoon to see if we could book the back-room which a friend had told me was pretty cool, for a birthday gathering that night. No one picked up and there was no answering machine but some guy immediately called me back, said it was "A great choice" and had no problem holding it for us for 11PM. When we showed up at 11 on the dot it was occupied and the bartender sort of laughed and said "oh, we never hold that room". We were clearly disappointed as the bar was pretty full, and the design doesn't really cater for a group to gather together easily. When I told him we had called ahead he skeptically asked who we had talked to and when I couldn't remember the name he just brushed me off like I was lying. The 6 of us tried to sit on a long bench at the back of the bar which sort of sucked because we couldn't really see/talk to each other. That paired with the drink menu which i perceived to be overpriced or the rum/mixes they were advertising ($14 Mai Tai??!) and the 'oh well' attitude of the bartender made us just decide to bounce.
On the way out I remembered that the guys number was still in my phone so I went to another bartender and explained what had happened and that we would be leaving, he matched the number (which I got off Yelp) to another manager who apparently had never told them to save the room. He seemed truly sorry, even running to see if the room might clear soon.  He said he'd buy us a round next time, writing a note on the back of a receipt.
The decor was just 'ok', definitely catering to the 'beer crowd', and the music was way too clubby and loud for my tastes. When it comes to tiki I like my bars dark, lively but not booming, and the drinks to be little pieces of art.
I'd like to take a second swipe at it on an off-night, to see if the mood and drinks deserve a higher rating. But in a nutshell I just wasn't impressed, bummed about not getting my booking, and a little offended by the first bartender.Very expensive drinks, but these are STRONG, mostly delicious, drinks made with fresh fruit.  
Excellent Mai Tais, not too sweet, strong, and well made.  One of the pricier drinks on the menu.
The Pele's Embrace was also very good.  Made with two kinds of rum, papaya, lime, and cherry bark bitters.  
I also got a sloe gin fizz, made with Plymouth Sloe Gin.  This is only one of two places that I have ever seen this spirit before.  Very well made.  I'd love to see more bars stock this drink.  
I did not like the Zombie Punch.  I had always heard of Zombies, and wanted to try one.  It tasted like straight black licorice, which is far from my bag.  
Getting a drink can take some time, so be prepared.  It should be expected because everything is made to order, they aren't serving out of slushie machines here.  There is fresh fruit everywhere, you can smell it as you walk in.Karaoke on Wednesday nights!!! You won't find another karaoke night like it in Philly. The host, Pat Pharari, is fun and entertaining and will search for the song you want even if it's not in the book. New songs, oldies, all genres. It's always lively, but not so crowded that you have to wait forever to sing. I sing at least 3 songs each time. Amazing group of regulars, but new folks mix it up all the time. My favorite karaoke ever. Gets me through the week.Great music, nice vibe, but what happened to the Island brews?!?!  I realize it's a cocktail bar, but c'mon bruddah.The Yachtsman, what can I say about this place. It has great drinks! First drink on hand was Trader Vic's Mai Tai , properly mixed; excellent taste. We moved on and I end up getting a Missionary's Downfall. Another great drink, properly mixed.  A really cool place. Cool atmosphere. I could watch the bartender all day.What a great addition to the Philly drinking scene! As far as I know, the Yachtsman is the only tiki bar in Philadelphia. In a city of craft beer bars and cocktail bars aplenty, this is a welcome change of scenery. The cocktails are made with care from fresh ingredients.  Both the Tree Frog and the Pina Colada were absolutely delicious.  Maybe next time I'll splurge and get the drink that is served in a coconut. 
The fist time I went it was a Saturday night right after they opened and we were lucky enough to get a spot at the (uncrowded) bar.  Fast forward a few weeks later on a Friday night and the place was totally packed. The vibe is fun and a bit kitschy. They do have some beers on tap if you're not in the mood for a tropical drink.i've been here several times. I am an old soul at heart and love cheesy crap like this.  I don't know the owners or their other business and haven't tracked the life-cycle of the bar from inception to today. I do know that it is a cool, intimate place where life can slow down a little and you enjoy cocktails that are playfully crafted and produced.  If you are expecting to stroll up to the bar like at TGI-McFunsters and have a flair bartender whip out ice, booze, mixer, shaker and have you your concoction in 12 seconds, this isn't the place. Order your drink, talk to your date and listen to the Kenny Loggins, Eagles or Michael McDonald piping through the speakers.
One of my favorite drinks requires orange juice.  The bartender didn't have any so "no big deal, ill just fresh squeeze some"  Didn't bitch about it and i wasn't about to run to Yelp afterwards and cry about how slow the service is and how they didn't have ingredients, blah blah.  In the age of Philly bars being full of the sliding glass fridges with 10,000 bottles of beer, the Yachtsman stands out as unique.  They make a mean Singapore Sling and actually know how to make a proper PainkillerI went here last night and I had a BLAST! Great music, excellent food, and the drinks are out of this world. My favorite is "The Tree Frog". Make sure to stop in here very soon. You won't be disappointed.Doesn't live up to the hype... Decent drinks at high prices and not a ton of room to move around... Deff a bro/frat scene as well which can get rowdyWhen you think tiki bar in Philadelphia, I get the tacky vibe. I was almost scared to go in because goodness knows how much tacky Hawaiian/Boca decoration I could handle. However, this place is far from tacky. The backlit bottles pop under a palm tree style roof with the low light settings they have inside. There is a fat head sunset on a far wall. One of those huge Polynesian heads in one corner. This place works. Somehow some decorative mastermind took a potentially tacky idea and made it work! 
The cocktails are blended right in front of you and lord have mercy, sweet baby Jesus. I could have stayed their all night with my eyes closed pretending I was somewhere warmer. They were also garnished with fresh pineapple, mint, and a mermaid glass with some big...coconuts..on them. 
Best of all, it was not an overly syrupy sweet cocktail. This was a real cocktail - fruit and booze. Not fruit, corn syrup, yellow dye 22, and rum. 
They have plenty of beer for those who choose not to partake in the island drinks. I also love the idea of their dark and stormy drinks at a discounted price on a rainy day! 
I think this place is a fascinating addition to the staple, somewhat hipster bar that exist in the Fishtown/NoLibs. It's has it's own identity, and I think it works it well.This place was really cool. The wife and I stopped in for a drink on our way to a dinner reservation up the block and we thoroughly enjoyed our time spent here. The bartender was so amazingly nice and accommodating and made us two delicious drinks, a mai tai and a whiskey soury kind of drink that's name escapes me at the moment. Definitely hit this place up for tasty beverages!I really wanted to dislike this place when I went here,  thankfully I was able to enter the place and my expectations were met. 
The bartenders were smug,  the place had a kind of "third week of spring break in olde Cancun corporate dive bar with broken lights" vibe.  I only came here cause I heard that there was a crowdfunded piece of art on the wall.  But some person told me to look at the etchings on the top of the toilet tank because that's where the real money was spent on this place.The yachtsman sucks exactly as you would think it would - no more, no less. The drinks are fruity and contain alcohol. The servers are slow yet moderately attractive. The bouncer is well shod yet obnoxious. It is everything one might expect from a bar to which one never wants to return.It's fun here, the drinks are always delish and the music is always awesome. I wish they had some food and I wish the drinks were slightly less expensive so I could drink more of them.Finally a Tiki bar in Philadelphia! I only had the piña colada, and it was the best I've ever had. They only use the fresh and high quality ingredients and it shows.  
The bartenders even shave the ice from a block the old fashioned way. The bartender who served us was very friendly and down to earth.I'm not the usually first person to suggest a tiki bar (whiskey and beer girl here!) but The Yachtsman won me over with quick service, a non-tacky atmosphere, and strong drinks. I do wish they served some food in line with their theme, however it never hurts to keep it simple and focus on well-done cocktails! 
We walked in and were very quickly served by the bartender. He was doing a great job working the whole length of the bar, which I appreciated. It's never fun waiting ten minutes to get someone's attention! I had a dark and stormy, and my friend had something fruity. I forget the name of it, but her drink in particular was so pretty! I loved the music (loud and perfect for dancing but not overwhelming) and everyone around us seemed to be having a lot of fun. This is definitely a bar I would return to next time I'm in Philly.Kitsch tiki bar that takes me back to old Elvis in Hawaii movies. The ambiance is great on any day and the Missionary Downfall is great if it's hot out and the zombie punch is great in any climate; it comes with a punch!I don't know anyone who has ever been here.  So we decided to go over on New years eve assuming it wouldn't be packed.  It was not packed which was fantastic.  This was around 9ish but it never really got what I'd consider packed.   We got the cool little back room space all to ourselves.  Now I don't drink so I can't attest to the goodness of the actual drinks but I did go up to the bar to get a drink for my girlfriend.  It was very hard to get their attention. My friend said that was because the drinks they were making were super special and had to all be hand made.  They were not just mixing shit.  The dead bastard was very popular with my group.  
However it took me about 10 minutes to get one.  I had two people on separate occasion take my order and say they'd get it right away.  Finally the guy all the way at the other end brought it to me.  I believe in an effort to make up for it later in the night we received a complimentary beer.
Over all the bar tenders were very nice though and I realize they were busy.  So the rating is more of a reflection on the actual establishment.  If I had to sit anywhere other than the cool back room I would not have been impressed.  I'd go back if it wasn't busy.  This is not a place I'd ever choose to go to to meet anyone.   BYOF.If you're looking for a tiki bar in Philly, this is the best place to go. The drinks are delicious and strong, and prices are in line with the tiki places I've been to in Los Angeles and elsewhere (i.e., the drinks are pricier than elsewhere, but you'll get you money's worth). The decor is exactly what you'd expect, and the staff and friendly and knowledgeable.It would be really cool if they had a website that had more than a logo, address and phone number.  Have been interested in checking the place out but no idea of what they have going on other than karaoke on Wednesdays from Facebook.  No desire to hit up the unknown with out of town friends or clients from the boat.I should tell you that alas, my taste in bars may be a tad unconventional.  Generally, the bars that I like best are the ones that can't possibly maintain my reason for liking them and still survive as a business.  In other words, I hate loud, crowded bars where it takes fifteen minutes to get the bar tender's attention and there is nowhere to sit.  I like the Yachtsman because it is exactly the opposite.  
I have only been there a few times but it is now my favorite place to bring a first date.  You walk in and the bar is to your left and there are a few 2 top tables to the right.  It has never been crowded while I was there.  This is a Tiki bar and the room is decorated to resemble the original Tikis like Trader Vics et al.  There is nautical stuff and tropical stuff and a little kitch.  
I like the fact that there are no TVs.  Like I said above, if I'm here I'm likely here for a date and it's nice that the place feels intimate and quiet enough for a decent conversation with few distractions.
I'm not a beer guy but I'm told that the selection is decent and the prices are reasonable.  The cocktails feel a tad on the high side but at least they are generous with the servings and knowledgeable about how to make them.  Only one drink on the menu automatically comes with an umbrella but the bar tenders are friendly and seem accommodating to special requests.
There is no kitchen.  If you are inclined to eat while they are there, the bar tenders have a selection of the local delivery menus and while I have never been there for it, during peak hours there are often food trucks parked outside.  They encourage and allow outside food to go with the cocktails.This may be the only tiki bar in Philly? The decor is fabulous and the drinks delicious, albeit a little expensive. It's good for one while on the Fishtown Bar Crawl. Piña Coladas are $10 and fabulous. All drinks have elaborate fresh ingredients and garnish that may take longer to make, but be patient and you will not be disappointed.My boyfriend and I just finished a fabulous dinner and wanted to visit a bar for a drink to end my birthday celebration. He suggested this tiki bar down the street. My first impression was that I loved the "Wave of Kanagawa" mural on the entire building because I absolutely love that painting so I knew I'd like that place. I got a soft spot in my heart for tiki bars. Any place that makes me feel like I'm in bikini bottom, I'm a fan of. The bar wasn't that busy because it was a Sunday night but there were a couple of people on dates or with friends at the bar.  It was pretty hard to pick a drink from the menu, but I settled on a pina colada to share. We mentioned that it was my birthday and the bartenders went above and beyond to make me feel special. I got birthday beads to wear along with a pretty orchid to wear in my hair. Our pina colada came lit up in a volcano bowl decorated with orchids. At first sip, we thought "woah, we taste the rum" but after a couple more, we didn't taste anything at all. The drink was everything a pina colada should be, fruity and creamy! Another thing to note was that the music was on point! I didn't wanna leave. I can't wait to visit Philly again and get their dark and stormy.I first came here shortly after they first opened and fully expected it to take off. Nine months later, not much has changed but the service is still great and the quality of their drinks is impressive.
Some may complain that the drinks are a bit too expensive but you would be hard pressed to find a better frozen drink for any less. Especially with their wide variety of fresh tropical fruits and garnishes. Their piña coladas are one of the best I've had, including ones I've had in the Caribbean.
The service here is excellent. Wait times are minimal and the bartenders are highly skilled and personable. With the funky beach music playing, it is a comfortable and relaxing place to have a drink.
They don't have food or outdoor seating yet but once they do, this place will be even better.Super cute and fun.  Great bartender Josh let us taste things and amused us with his witty banter. He made amazing fun and delicious  drinks with flowers and umbrellas.  What more can a girl want. Pinkys up. This place is awesome. Drink specials and you can follow on Instagram to see what they are. Can't wait to come backI want to love this bar, but it's just okay. 
I will start with my main concern, the drinks. They're good, but they take WAY too long to make. I was last there on a Wednesday, around 10pm for Karaoke. The bar was not full, there were open seats at the bar. I ordered 2 cocktails (not in a coconut or a pineapple) and the bartender told me I would be a little bit because he had other drinks ahead of mine. Cool. The other bartender was coring pineapples. My bartender was assembling the handful of ingredients, crafting my drinks, and then putting together a complicated garnish. I appreciate the work that goes into a good cocktail, but they just take too long!!
I feel like the space is kind of tired, and I don't get that tiki vibe. Wish they had outdoor space. 
It's fun for an evening, the drinks are tasty (10$-15$, more for 'bowls' to group share), but there are better places in the neighborhood to visit!I've tried to explain to people why I love tiki bars so much, and they usually look at me weirdly as if I'm talking about a pier at the shore that has a couple of torches and where one drinks Bud Light Limes all night.
No, I love the historically kitschy tiki bars that have over the top decor like volcanoes and waterfalls and your typical tiki masks and hula girls all over. 
I've been following the creation of this place since its nascent stages, so I was somewhat disappointed when I went inside and it looked like just another neighborhood bar, but with a couple more items stuck to the walls. Maybe I'm a tiki snob, but I went to Smuggler's Cove in San Francisco, and THAT is a tiki bar; a reclaimed pirate ship spread across three levels with a veritable bible of tiki drinks presented in chronological order of their creation since the early 20th century, with Trader Vic's and Don the Beachcomber standards.
Which brings me to the drinks.
The piña colada was delicious. Perfect coconut flavor and no overbearing rum taste. The rest of the drinks, not so much. First, I didn't expect a frozen daiquiri. Maybe I didn't read the menu closely enough, but I wanted a daiquiri that Hemingway would enjoy in a Havana outpost. The ice watered it down pretty heavily and it didn't have the essential tartness of a good, lime-forward daiquiri. For the price of these drinks, I would hope they would be strong and I would hope they would be masterfully crafted. I like the touch of the tiki cups, but my friend's drink that I tried that came in one tasted like a witch's potion; heavy on the roots (anise? Gentian root? I don't know but it was weird) and a strange amalgamation of unidentifiable liquors. 
I really think this place needs to practice the drinks a bit more, maybe study some of the original tiki drinks and ace those, because I think I enjoyed my $5 Singapore sling that I recently impulsively ordered with my dumplings at Joy Tsin Lau more than my daiquiri or the mystery drink.Amazing cocktails! My Mai Tai was the bees knees and so very purty. The bartender Josh was incredibly friendly and had great recommendations on what drinks we should try.Was here last weekend to celebrate my husband's birthday. Been wanting to go there since they opened and was super excited to stop by with some friends. Place was pretty empty aside from a few people at the bar, which I was surprised about for a Saturday night at 9-10pm. Ordered the pina colada after reading reviews and that is what the one star is for because it was pretty good. I complimented the waiter/bartender on the drink and his reply was "I know it's good" but in the rudest way. I know I'm not the typical hipster client but I am a nice person who patronizes as many local businesses as possible. I feel like from the minute we got there until we left we were treated like outsiders and hardly approached. Drink was decent, service was crap. Will never go there again!I really enjoyed my brief visit to this tiki bar last weekend. It was fun to pretend that it wasn't raining and chilly outside as I sat at the bright bar with my super girly pink drink.
I'm a fan of Emmanuelle, and the cocktails here appear to be just as good. I had the Bird of Paradise Fizz: London Dry Gin (always the gin, always), lime, cream, soda, raspberry syrup, egg white, and orange flower water. It was so pretty, and it was even topped with a pink flower! At $12, this was one of the more pricey drinks, but I thought it was worth it. I could definitely never replicate *that* at home!
Something here almost reminded me of the now-shuttered Rum Bar. Maybe it was those glasses? The theme? I don't know. I can't place it, because they definitely have different vibes. This bar is much brighter.
Also to note: Comfortable bar seats. Cheap, but small beer list. I'd say come for the cocktails. No food menu.
I hope to stop back soon. Best of luck, Yachtsman!Might be my favorite bar in Fishtown. Delicious tropical drinks that will put you in a vacation mindset for the night! The tiki decor is on point, and the service was perfect. I highly recommend getting the shared pina colada, which comes in a pineapple huskSolid drink menu that was well executed during my trip. Nice decor and good use of a small space. Were playing exotica and other Tiki-related music during my visit as well, so that's a plus. The only recommendation I have would be to block off then entrance with an "L" shaped areaway, or darken out the glass, so that you don't lose the "escapism" feel that's so important to Tiki bars. 
Mahalo!Loved the Pina Colada and Missionary's Downfall!  Great service.  Nice tropical feel.  Although the it came in a coconut, I didn't really enjoy the Caribe Welcome, but it just may be my taste.  Highly recommend! Con: ParkingWhen I first saw the giant celtic mural on the outside of this building turn into one with a giant wave instead, I was intrigued. When I heard that this place was turning into a tiki bar, I was super intrigued. Then, I found out that the masterminds behind it all were none other than the duo behind Emmanuelle's cocktails and I knew I must make it here ASAP.
I met a couple friends here last night (a Thursday) around 7. I was very surprised at the amount of people already there (& the place is actually much smaller than I would have thought), but there was some sort of IPA promotion going on with free beers and shirts going around. I will chalk up the slightly-more-bro-than-expected crowd to that fact. We still easily got a spot to sit and had a hard time deciding on cocktails because they all sounded so good. I ended up with one called a "bikini bottom" that came out layered with blue and red and a pink umbrella on top. Perfection! 
I think the decor is on point, but it was a tad too dark to really take it all in. The music was also a bit too loud to talk comfortably. Really, the only reason that I am docking this a star is because of their $15 credit card minimum. $15. Really?!? I mean, if the drinks were $15 (and I'm glad they're not), it would be one thing. But the drinks are between $12 and $14, making the $15 minimum just plain rude. They also use square and have an iPad, so they technically could run lower amounts. I grudgingly used the ATM and paid the $2 fee (after purposely ordering the cheapest drink, but before knowing about this stupid minimum). I want to come back because I love tiki bars, but sadly, this one isn't the best I have been to. If they dropped the minimum and added an outdoor space, I think this would become my new spot.Great dive to get schwifty in! Nice vibe, cool bartenders. 
After a few of their handcrafted wonders, you'll swear that the Mo'ai in the corner is staring at you.We went to the Yachtsman a few Saturday nights ago, on the later side. We knew it was commonly referred to as "that new hipster place on Frankford" so we kind of knew what to expect, scenewise. It was okay - the people and bartenders were as expected and the atmosphere was fine, whatever, nothing special. The tiki bar theme was cool, and the drink list was appealing - except for the prices. 
They really saved some cash on this place by charging a TON for drinks and only providing cheap (read: hipster) beer and rum drinks. That's okay, I like rum drinks. The two drinks I had were pretty great - a Pina Colada and some slightly more expensive banana thing that wasn't quite as good as the Pina. But okay.. really. This is Fishtown, not Old City. People aren't trying to pay $50 for 4 drinks (which is what it costs) or drink cheap light beer. 
The Yachtsman echoes Tommy Up's other, more successful Piazza mainstay, PYT in that sort of theme park/stylized way. It's a caricature of something else - like at PYT how it's a burger and shake place, but with crazy burgers and alcoholic shakes. I've been to PYT a bunch and it's similarly just OK, also pretty overpriced. 
I heard Tommy Up had a Kickstarter campaign going to finish The Yachtsman, which is kinda messed up. I think it's clear that while his places have a mild and mostly temporary degree of success (based mostly on the novelty, which wears off), what you are left with is a huge bill and not much to show for it.Philadelphia is so lucky to have a great bar like this! If you are not familiar with upscale tiki bars, there are a few things to know:
1) Each of these amazing cocktails is prepared by hand. They all feature numerous ingredients, and also garnishes. These take time to prepare. 
2) Because of the time needed, as well as the high quality ingredients (syrups are made in house, and the rum in your drink ain't Bacardi) these cocktails cost more than a well drink at your local dive bar. Still, several cocktails are under $10, AND there's a happy hour. 
But this place is fantastic. The decor is spot on, and I love the little private room in the back. The bartenders were super friendly and knowledgable. (They were not necessarily dressed for the atmosphere, but so be it.)It's okay. I love tiki bars, so I was pretty thrilled to have one nearby. Both times I've been here they've been out of bananas so I couldn't get the drink I wanted. One time I tried to go here and they were unexpectedly closed. They have DJs on the weekends but it is a confusing vibe because it tends to not be very crowded. The drinks are good but very expensive. Cash only, ATM in the back. There's a cool alcove in the back towards the bathrooms which would be fun for a big crew celebrating a birthday or special occasion. Worth stopping into and checking out but probably won't become your favorite neighborhood watering hole.Not at all what I expected for a bar in Fishtown. Fun, little tiki bar with lots of rum drink options and great music on a Saturday night. It's a shame there wasn't anyone dancing! Drinks are more on the expensive side but strong. Small establishment but it isn't too crowded, definitely a hidden gem.Tiki atmosphere with a private room in the back, fantastic cocktail served in a young coconut with Don Q rum. I had two of those.  Since they do not have a kitchen, they did not mind that I went to pick up food at Sketch and came back to continue my drinking.
The staff are friendly and well-versed mixologists who use very fresh ingredients and that alone will keep me coming back.  It's always a good sign when I see lemons, limes and coconuts ready to be cut up and used. The cocktails are authentic, not trendy like some other Tiki Bars.
I do think they need to kick it up a few notches with the Tiki decor.Dude.
Duuuuude.
I wasn't expecting such a fantastic time at the Yachtsman. A tiki bar? On Frankford Ave? I was all, "shades of Bamboo Bar, no thanks!" 
But.
The cocktails.
They are strong, and delicious, and frankly, just super fun. Not overly sweet, they taste fresh and not-from-concentrate. This spot is definitely worth checking out.This is a one of a kind place in Philadelphia. Our friends like to call it the Tiki Hut. Very fun fruity drinks you would typically find on vacation. They pour lots of booze but that also means the prices aren't exactly cheap. Their drinks are in really unique tropical glasses, one you can even get in a coconut. The Mai Tai was one of the more pricey but delicious and very alcohol filled. I recommend this spot if your looking to try something new or maybe get a drink on a nice sunny day during the weekend.I do love the Yachtsman! How can you not love it with a tiki god in the corner, tropical drinks in the dead of winter, great djs circulating, and good vibes. I personally feel that it's one of the best kept secrets here in my Fishtown neighborhood. It's been my favorite place for a night cap after dinner and I often recommend it to others. 
I would have given it a five star rating except that I had one bad experience there around the holidays. A bartender was slightly rude to me the first time I went up to the bar and I wasn't sure why. I just wrote it off as, "maybe he's having a rough night." Then, he told my boyfriend that I was flagged and he wouldn't serve him two PBRs. He gave no explanation of why or what I did to get flagged. My boyfriend didn't push back at all, but he was annoyed. It was the first bar that we went to that night and so far, I had been sitting down laughing with our two other friends just finishing the one Mai Tai I ordered since we arrived. 
While the bartender's behavior didn't put a damper on our night together, it was unnecessary. I've been drinking for more than a decade and I've never been flagged from any bar. I was also a bartender for more than five years and while I appreciate the decisions that professional bartenders need to make in order to serve responsibly, I think this particular bartender was unprofessional and unfriendly; neither fare well in the service industry.  Sadly, we haven't been back since.great cocktails, cool conceptI went here twice. The first time I didn't really enjoy it much, probably because I was tired and drank a pineapple beer in a can which didn't taste good. The second time around, I ordered one of their cocktails - Missionary's Downfall, which was delicious and price was reasonable.It's a nice date place or hang out with one or two friends. Place is very small and kind of seemed like you were hanging out in someone's basement party.We made the Uber voyage from south philly to the Yachtsman on Saturday night for my birthday.  My experience was ok.  I ordered the piña colada for two.  I shared it with my brother's girlfriend.  It came in a pineapple which was super authentic.  It was not strong and quite the contrary to what I read on yelp.  
The bar had a chill vibe.  It looks like a tiki hut right out of a beach in Hawaii.  The service was slow and the place itself was very small with limited seating.  They have no outside area at this time.  
I will probably not return unless I am in the area.-1 star for no hooks under the bar. -1 star for aloof staff. Drinks are good. Bathroom has yet to be observed. +1 star back... The staff redeemed themselves.We rarely make it to fish town but apparently business in the booze industry is poppin north of Girard. The duo behind Emanuelle are also behind The yachtsman  so I knew the drinks would be legit.
We walked in at the perfect time and grabbed up a few seats at the bar. By the time we ordered drinks it was a full house and people were crowding the bar area .
The decor is very island-esque and all the drinks come in festive tiki cups and some have paper umbrellas as a garnish. My one gripe is about the lighting it was pretty much darkness with a few candles I guess I just assumed an island themed bar would be a little brighter. 
This place seems to fit in well with the local crowd we def looked out of place but still received stellar service and the drink list had options for everyone. 
I chose a rum based drink which I rarely have and was quite impressed with the balance of flavor.
I wouldn't make a special trip here since it's not really close , but I would recommend this place to someone who lives closer and is in need for a tropical cocktail with a side of hipster.I have to give it 2 stars because my gf loves it here, but I hate it. I'm all for hand crafted drinks, I'm a huge fan of a good Dark n' Stormy. We went one night before a snow fall. There were under 10 customers including us and two bartenders. I stood at the bar while she sat down. I ordered a Dark n' Stormy and the coconut shell drink. It was taking 1 bartender longer than I expected. I waited patiently as I watch him struggle with the coconut and his partner chat up girls at the bar. It took so long he asked me to sit down and he'd bring it to me. I told him I was fine and I'd wait at the bar. When you order a ridiculous drink, you might have to wait a ridiculous time for it. He then insisted I sit down. He lost his patience with me? My gf immediately laid into me, what did you do/say? She didn't believe it wasn't me being ramie, because I can be, until he apologized when he brought the drinks. It's not my fault he struggled with the coconut, it's not my fault that drink is an option, it's not my fault his partner didn't make the other drink instead of chatting up girlies, don't take it out on me. I wanna be clear, I don't care how long the drink takes, if I'm not hounding you about how long it's taking, don't be short with me. The next round of drinks took entirely too long as well. If you're gonna have high end drinks come up with a system to deliver them in a timely fashion. Too many bar owners watch that stupid Bar Rescue show. You don't always have to reinvent the wheel. You do have to have quality staff. If he joked around with me about the coconut or just let me wait for it at the bar, it would have never stayed in my memory as a bad experience.Terrible service and awful overly loud music. I went here a few years ago and it was a great experience. Now it is horrible. Will never go back.I have traveled extensively and this place has to be the best Tiki Bar on the East Coast.  If you want to try the most authentic and delicious Mai Tai ever, visit The Yachtsman.Struggled between 1 and 2 stars for Yachtsman and here's why. The drinks we had were really really good, we ducked in here during Night Market to get out of the rain. Here's where my problem comes in, first one of the bartenders charged us for 2 drinks that we did not order, which came out to about $25, so he takes those off, okay no harm no foul. Then we do a combination of cash ($40) and credit card for the corrected bill. A different bartender comes by, collects the check and then runs everything without asking how we want everything broken down. When she hands me the slip to sign, it says we only gave them $20 cash, so then I grab her and say look we gave you $40 so she goes back to register and comes back saying that the bills were sticking together, right. So either it's incompetence or they were trying to overcharge/steal from us so I don't think we will be returning to The Yachtsman anytime soon.We went there on a Saturday night for some drinks. The place was dead; maybe 2 other customers. 5 of us ordered 2 shares drinks for $80 (one was lit on fire; the staff was apparently taking pictures of it because it was new to their menu and had never been ordered before; or so they claimed, and by the time we received it, it tasted like burnt sugar.) By the time the check has come, they charged us 50% too much at $120. We told them of their error, so they countered at $98. Really?! Who haggles for a check at a bar. We eventually paid what we owed, but the poor waitress (who seemed to be on our side) had to lose out on her tip because they refused to charge us at menu price. As we were paying, the bouncer kicked us out. Are you kidding me?? I've never heard of such inconsiderate customer service. I wish zero stars was an option. Can say for sure I won't go back.Bringing a parrot head I was really looking forward to checking this place out. Tiki bars are my thing. I have one in my back yard. The Mai Tai is one of my favorite drinks but I couldn't even drink the "Mai Tai" I was served here. I don't even believe the bartenders know what a Mai Tai is. Not to mention it was way over priced for the size glass it was in. My wife had the Zombie punch which was also undrinkable and over priced. Atmosphere was equally as bad as the over priced terrible drinks. Will never go back. Better atmosphere and Mai Tai's at Bahama Breeze for half the price.This bar is extremely over-priced.  All of the cocktails are over $10.  That's really expensive considering how cheap the neighborhood is.   There is a lot of booze in them, but they are small.  We paid $22 for a drink that was filled with alcohol.  However, it was so strong, I couldn't even drink it.  We've stopped here a few times at the end of the night when we were already drunk.  It's really dark in here and often the music is so loud you have to scream.  The bar doesn't really have any character.  I feel like the bar is unsure in its own vibe and decor.  It clearly wants to feel tropical and like a tiki bar, but it has really loud music and is super dark.  Not worth the money...This place has devolved. They now apparently only put a few drops of booze in their drinks. I won't be back, and I used to go there all the time to get my drink on.Loved this place. Sweet tiki vibe that isn't too kitschy or overwhelming but instead has a really chill, comfortable atmosphere. The drinks are really tasty and remain loyal to the original recipes- they feature the good stuff: fine rum, fresh citrus juices and house made syrups and liqueurs. They're even on their garnish game and liberally use fresh mint leaves and freshly shaved nutmeg. I wish I had a place like this in DC where I live...will certainly be back the next time I'm in Philly. Friendly staff too!When I heard there was a tiki bar in Philly, I had to make it there during this dreadful winter season. I am so glad that I did! The decor is amazing and you really feel like you could be at some island bar. My group of 9 sat in their tiki lounge area and it was an awesome place to hangout. My pina colada was excellent....the flavors were fresh and it was definitely strong. I tried my friend's drinks (they all got specials) but I didn't like them at all. I am not really one for sweet drinks so I can't say that it reflects poorly on the bartenders. The DJ here is amazing and we were dancing so much...great mix of 80s music when we were there!Man, first thing I noticed when I walked into this place. It smells really good.  Then I saw the counter and all the fresh ingredients and I understood why.  Expensive, sure I paid 12 bucks for a drink here but it was fancy and the alcohol top shelf.  It was made expertly and not pretentiously.   I got a short history lesson about the drink as well, because I asked, not unsolicited.  Delicious drinks, great vibe.  (nice tune selection).I love the yachtsman, it's easily my favorite bar in Philly (probably ever).
I used to live right around the corner and so my ex and I would come on snowy Tuesday's and drink Hawaiian beers and momentarily forget that we were living through a 10 degree Philly winter. It's a really great space, sort of small but very cozy and intimate, with pineapples and LED lights and a thatched awning lining the walls. The bartenders are really awesome as well and they'll chat with you on quieter nights. The space really fills up on weekends so I never really enjoyed going except for on weekdays, but you do you. 
Tree frog and missionarys downfall are my favorite drinks. They're both the perfect mix of sweet and tangy and after one I'm already tipsy (maybe important to note that I'm 5'1 and don't drink very often, but the drinks are pretty strong I promise).Great new tiki bar in Fishtown, not your typical tiki drinks. They have perfected the art of The Tiki Cocktail.Philly needed a Tiki bar like nobody's business and Yachtsman gets the job done.  Excellent mai tais on a chilly night with friends in the back "thatched hut" room...nice servers with minimal attitude and fun atmosphere.  Something about the whole experience puts everyone in a good mood. Will return soon...The Yachtsman has been a favorite of ours, ever since it was opened a few years back. Originally managed by the fine folks that brought Philadelphia the now shuttered Emmanuelle, it boasted the finest tiki drinks in all the land. 
Then, we returned for a visit. 
The decor is the same, that's for sure. But we'd heard Christian, the original head bartender and menu designer, had gone back down south, so there must be new management in place. 
We were pretty disappointed in our visit. No longer the friendly, knowledgeable staff who made quality tiki classics. No longer even the proper rums in stock to make a Zombie or a navy grog (and certainly not the requisite ice cone). And, generally, a lack of the sense of pride in craftsmanship which we used to feel from the bespoke beverages of even early 2016, when the bartenders at least recognized the drinks we asked for when we ordered them-even if they were out of stock.
Don't get me wrong-you can still get some of the more familiar tiki favorites here: there's a pina colada and a dark and stormy for everyone, and we came on a night where dark and stormies were $2 off in the rain. The problem is that the menu offerings used to be so much better, and it wasn't so long ago that they were. So, in looking for a fun time, by all means go-but if you need a proper tiki drink, you're best off ordering the Lemon Hart 151 through the liquor store yourself.Love the vibe in this place - Fun tiki decor and the bartenders are super friendly. Drinks are delicious and wont break your wallet.I was skeptical of this place, but it did pleasantly surprise me.
Beer prices are surprisingly reasonable.
The atmosphere is fun and colorful, and the drinks, while expensive, do indeed pack a wollop. Beware the two piña colada hangover!In one word: Horrible. 
This place seems to be having an identity crisis. Half tiki bar, half hipster dive complete with bartenders in cat shirts with bad attitudes. 
One star for a tasty pina colada. 
Avoid the $23 bowl that supposedly serves 2-4 (it doesn't)...And to quote my friend, "it tastes like a combination of gasoline and hot dog water."
In conclusion: never again.Cute place but small and the drinks are pretty expensive. The piña colada was Ok--definitely packs a punch. We also tried the Bikini Bottom drink and the drink served in a young coconut, Caribe Welcome, and were not a huge fans of either one. The coconut wasn't sweet which made the whole drink kind of sour. I think my biggest disappointment is that the signature rum (Don Q Gold) that they use in most of their drinks tastes like cough syrup to me. It just seemed off to put that kind of rum in such fruity drinks, but that's just me.My friend I and popped in for a birthday cocktail. I knew this was a tiki bar but, wow. Just wow. There was nothing subtle about the theme. It was a 70s tiki bar on steroids. I half expected Jack Tripper to saunter up to the bar and slide into a seat next to us. But it worked.
It was fun and quirky.  Our happy hour cocktails were fantastic and only $6. Both were on the regular menu and cost $12 during non happy hour times. Definitely not a $12 drink though.  The bartender was pleasant and the music wasn't blaring (yay).
It was fun to hop in for a happy hour cocktail but pretty sure that's where my interests ends.What can I say except I'm disappointed. I had such high hopes for this place- awesome vibe and festive cocktails. Arrived around 9pm on a Saturday. The first two cocktails I ordered from their menu were unavailable because they ran out of ingredients. What?! The service took forever for a bar that wasn't that packed. At one point there were three of us spread across the bar trying to close out one tab. 
I know there's reviews that mention a 'heavy hand' on the alcohol but nobody in my group experiences this. We had the blue Hawaiian, won in a melon, the pina colada and the western sour. All good and would recommend. 
The worst part of the evening was the BUGS. There were bugs crawling all over the side of the bar. We saw that and left immediately.
One big pro- the dj was awesome. Took requests too.Bad service, worse drink. We walked in and stood by the bar waiting to place our order. We were there pretty early and there were only two other patrons there. I watched the bar tender close out the other two people's tabs and run their credit cards before even considering taking our order.
After finally taking our order, it took no less than ten minutes to get our drinks (yes I was timing it). Shouldn't take that long to get our drinks when there's six people in there total. When our drinks finally arrived, mine was too weak and my friends was too strong. Was my alcohol accidentally added to my friend's drink? 
They must have recently started cracking down on IDs as I was carded twice in five minutes. It seems too little too late. As I was trying to close my tab (slow service) an older gentleman came in requesting to see the manager. Manager was not there and was not answering any of his calls. The gentleman claimed to be returning today "with the police to seize their liquor license!" Good riddance is what I say. A swift end for this kick starter project. 
Two stars but only because the decor was pretty cool.Went to The Yachtsman on a Sunday afternoon to meet some friends. The tiki bar decor is unlike anything that currently exists in Philadelphia. Had the Missionary's Downfall, which was a fantastic cocktail with rum, peach puree, lime, honey, and mint. Please be aware that there is a $15.00 minimum charge for credit cards.Four stars for one thing- the best damn trader Vic Mai tai I've had in a bar. Divvy bar but that drink was "im-potent"I have some friends who are nuts about this place. I like it, but do not have as strong an opinion as they. The Yachtsman definitely has a unique atmosphere with its Hawaiian theme. This tiki bar goes hard on the decor and serves the whole gamut of island cocktails. And they are good. Very good. These are not your watered down chain restaurant pina coladas here. They use fresh ingredients and plenty of booze. Enough so to make the price tag understandable if not reasonable.
While a small place, if you're lucky the back room will be open where a larger group (read 5-6 people) can sit comfortably and in relative privacy. It's this great little round room with a table in the middle. It's separated from the rest of the place with a beaded curtain and just great.
The reason my friends' enthusiasm exceeds my own is that the Yachtsman is pretty small if you can't get that back room and as good as the drinks are, I can only drink one or two before I have a belly full of sugar and a considerably lighter wallet. Perhaps sweet drinks are your thing or you desperately yearn for the islands, either way the Yachtsman is definitely worth checking out if you haven't been.I will preface this review by saying I checked out The Yachtsman during its "soft open," before they "officially" open the doors later this week.  The soft open menu offered no food, and about 6 mixed drinks that were a sample of the full offering.  The staff was also working out the kinks between bar and table service, so I give them leeway in that area as well.  I tried to come in with an open mind.  All that said, here we go.
IN A SENTENCE:
The Yachtsman is a modern tiki-style bar that straddles between "divey" and "upscale," but unfortunately succeeds at doing neither well.
IN DETAIL:
The Yachtsman is a bipolar kind of bar experience.  On the one hand, you have all the signs of a tiki-style dive... wooden furniture and dimply-lit, filled with silly glowing Hawaiian decorations all around.  
But while the decor has hint of tiki, The Yachtsman misses on achieving a critical "tiki tackiness."  It feels too posh and modern.  Music may be a part of that--think David Byrne and Beach Boys lovechild... only they haven't figured out how to equalize volume between tracks (I'll chalk that up to "soft open" kinks but worth mentioning).
The biggest thing holding The Yachtsman back though is their prices. At $11-13/cocktail on average, drinks are far beyond "dive" territory and feel wrong for the Fishtown neighborhood along that stretch of Frankford Ave. Gentrification really isn't there yet.
Drinks themselves are tasty but weak (my party and I watched the bartender water down the blends with far too much ice).  We came in expecting good cocktails, given the press. Of the 4 cocktails sampled, the Pina Colada is the clear winner: sweet, frothy and evenly mixed. Stay away from the $15 coconut... the menu entices you with $9 refills but you won't want to even finish the first. Beer selection on tap was appropriate, but this is not the place to go for drinking beers all night.
A nice plus is that the Yachtsman has a decent amount of bar seating, standing room, and seating for table service. And even during its soft open, there was a good diverse crowd that made it feel like a fun place.
Pro-tip #1: avoid the u-shaped booth near the bathroom.  The beaded door is fun, but the lack of AC quickly turned the room into a sweat lodge... and that was on a cool summer night. You'll also find that your party's conversation will get interrupted by drunk folks trying to find a place to relieve themselves.
Pro-tip #2: bring cash. $25 card minimums.
Overall there's a lot of potential there, but high prices and misses on the attempted "tiki dive" may hold the Yachtsman back from ever winning over many Fishtown faithfuls.  We'll see if gentrification can bring enough new blood into the neighborhood to keep the boat afloat.The best mixed drinks in Philadelphia. I've heard great things about this place for a while and finally visited. The tiki bar ambience is really fun even in the winter. You really can't go wrong with any of the drinks on the menu. The bartenders are amazing and put a lot of effort into each drink. The pina colada they made was seriously one of the best mixed drinks I've ever had. Nothing is too sweet and everything tastes great. You can even get drinks in fresh pineapples for 2 or even larger drinks for 4 people. Even on a busy night the bartenders are so friendly and attentive. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is that it's cash only. Otherwise, this place is definitely near the top of my favorite bars in the city.The Yachtsman was my refuge from a washout of the Fishtown block party on a Saturday afternoon. Upon first glance, it seemed to be your standard dive bar, with a tiki theme--low lighting, kitschy decorations, etc--and my first glance didn't change much after I spent about an hour there.
My friend got the Bird of Paradise Fizz, which was sweet and creamy, but it came with a lot of ice that soured the price to me ($11-14 for an iced cocktail? Bit much). Their draft list was narrow and focused on a mixture of your domestic standards and Hawaiian brews, but they were fairly priced (between $3-5 for a draft). No card minimum from what I could see. Also no kitchen, just so you know.
Management seems nice enough. Well-crafted drinks with fresh ingredients are a huge plus, but the drinks are far too full of ice to warrant the price--especially for a place trying to be a dive bar and not a fancy cocktails establishment.awesome drinks and the bar tender Josh is the best!!The Yachtsman is that spot where you can go to at any time of the day. Pretty much this dive bar, my bad this "Tiki" bar is on point.  Tiki style atmosphere , island music being played, a relaxed chill vibe to it. I'm pretty sure we all enjoy these types of establishments. 
Sari and I (my partner in crime) were on a quest one day, where it was more of lets go here and there , and we can't forget about this spot types of days.  A liquid adventure (with some lite bites here and there) that only Philly can provide. Not to worry my Yelp fam, we made sure we were well hydrated for this type of adventure. 
The Yachtsman has some damn good concoctions that went down to easy, almost to the point where you didn't think there was any alcohol. Then you stand up and WHAM , there was that good time buzz you were looking for coming in all silent, just like a ninja.
The one I clearly enjoyed was the "Dark and Stormy" especially  when the weather is bad. When mother nature decides to do her thing it is 2 dollars off,  and guess what, this was the like end of days where it was a down pour. That meant we get to drink more, for a cheaper cost! That right there makes me want to give a big ole high 5 to mother nature!
In all lets do a quick recap. Great service, great cool vibe, great drinks, and best of all you feel like you're on island time. What more do you need? Get in there and hit up that happy hour , you'll be happy.The drinks here are LEGIT. Where else in Philly can you order a drink that comes in a fresh pineapple? Or a drink that is served in a flaming (yes, lit on fire) skull? The Yachtsman offers a variety of tiki drinks all of which are served in some sort of fancy, Instagram worthy way. The combination of the drink presentation and cool atmosphere is what really has me sold on this place. 
I'll start with the ambience. You'll feel like you're in a tropical location the second you step foot into this place. The Yachtsman has laid-back and casual vibe to it. The walls are decorated with festive lights and beachy decor. It's a relatively tiny bar.... with that said, it is more of an intimate setting that could be good if you're meeting a friend or with a small group of people. There are a few high top tables in addition to bar seating. There is also a tiny private room with bench style seating. Unfortunately, there is only one bathroom that is open to customers so there is usually a line for the restroom. 
Ok now to the important stuff... drinks. The first drink I tried was the piña colada. It was very yummy and served in a super cute tall glass with a pineapple and flower garnish. You can also order the piña colada for two which is served in a fresh pineapple. The second drink I tried was the blue Hawaiian flamed drink. We ordered it to split so it was served in a massive glass with a few straws. The drink itself was pretty good but what was even better was the presentation. There was a tiny hole in the middle of the glass which contained a shot. It was lit on fire which produced a flame. Sooo cool! The drink was lit.... literally and figuratively! 
You can expect to spend a decent amount of money here but it's worth it. Most drinks ranged from $10-14. The bigger drinks (such as the flamed blue Hawaiian) was $33... but keep in mind it is intended to share with others. Sadly, this establishment is cash only but there is an ATM located on premise.