Come here every Sunday, its affordable unique and delicious. Great brunch spot for me (the vegan) and my boyfriend (the none vegan). Will always bring out of town guest here plus its very friendly on the budget.I recommend getting the chocolate cake doughnut, bottomless coffee and the rice crispy treats!one of my favorite vegan spots in the city. the staff is super friendly, they are always attentive to guests even when they have a packed house. the food is always great, they always have different specials going on. the loaded tots are amazing- the sandwiches are also phenomenal. the coffee is perfect, they also have bottle coke which is great. the TREATS! forget about it, this place is wonderful with a great staff and great for any member of the family.Our first visit today from nj was fantastic.  When we walked in,  the guy(don't know, but he seemed to be the manager) greeted us, explained how to order, and pointed out an empty spot to sit.  I don't think we were even seated 3minutes when our food came.  It was piping hot and fresh. It was sooo good.  We both got the dirty Jersey (tofu egg,  vegan cheese and vegan pork roll, what!!) DELICIOUS. the side of tots I got were huge! And tasted much better than tots I've gotten at other restaurants. They weren't full of oil. My husband also got a tot special.  It was huge.. seriously. And freaking awesome. The only bummer was that they only had vegan rice krispie treats, they didn't have any other dessert selections that I saw.  But we did get there at 2:15pm, and they close at 3. i do wish they would stay open a little later on the weekends. It's a small place,  but it was packed! Maybe one day they'll expand! We can't wait to come back to try other things.  We absolutely loved the fact that the employees there had metal t shirts on and there was metal music playing.  And all vegan food!? We were in heaven!! Thanks tasty,  see you soon!This is one of my favorite vegan restaurants! The place is small, but at 8:30am on a Sunday, it was empty so we had no problem getting seats. However, we noticed a lot of people come in right after we got our food. I was pleasantly surprised that the food wasn't expensive. 
The food was fantastic! If no one told you the food was vegan, you probably couldn't tell. We ordered the Dirty Jersey, Breakfast Boost Toast, and deluxe breakfast burrito. My favorite was the burrito. It was so flavorful and filling! I wish I substituted my home fries with tater tots though; they were on the drier side and not that crispy. 
The breakfast sandwich and toast were also very good! If you're looking for a lighter meal, the toast is a good option. 
I'm not from Philly, but if I ever come back, I'm stopping by The Tasty again for sure!I really cannot think of anything I do not like about the Tasty.
I like talking to the people that work there.
I like how you order at the register and sit where you want then clear your own plates.  It's like I can have everything done at my own speed without an out of breath server rushing me along or not paying attention to me at all.
I like how the place looks, the colors and decor and arrangement are great and it feels so open despite the small space.
I like how all the condiments are sitting in bottles by the grill.
I like the location.
I like the regular toast, french toast, monte cristo french toast, home fries, tator tots, chkn and waffles,
Oh wait, I didn't like the sausage patties.  But I am still giving 5 stars.  And I can't wait to try everything else.
New Sunday spot.  This no-eating-during-the-day-person here may become one of them weirdo yuppie brunchers after-all.  The Tasty makes me feel okay about this.HOLY CRAP. This place is AMAZING. My sister and I tried it out today and we fell in love. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak- just phenomenal. It was so scrumptious and satisfying; I was in vegan heaven. My sister got blueberry pancakes with whipped cream- out of this world. Service was exceptional and everyone was just so friendly. Definitely going to be frequenting this placeCan't do better for vegan diner food. Everything ordered was delicious. Pancakes looked like whole grain, but were light and fluffy. Chix on chix and waffles was extraordinarily. Waffle fries that came with Philly cheesesteak was the same. Looking forward to going back. Customer Service which I noticed got panned in a previous post was very good. Ordered food at front counter and food was called up quickly considering the quantity of food we ordered and how busy the restaurant was.The Tasty is a fun, retro themed, sort of fast casual vegan diner that serves huge portions. You won't leave hungry. It's a small but welcoming place with funky decor and a friendly feel. A word of warning (or recommendation) - the coffee is STRONG. I kept putting milk in it and it wasn't changing color. 
I got a Tofu Egg & Cheez sandwich with tempeh bacon and home fries. Absolutely amazing, and I'm not vegan. Our food came out surprisingly quickly for such a busy place. I sampled my friend's breakfast too, and there were dowels in the "chicken" of the chicken & waffles, so you get that real chicken-y experience. This was a great place to have a hearty breakfast before walking around Philly all day. Definitely TASTY!A fun little diner! Cute interior, no frills service, with a menu catered to vegetarians & vegans. I am inclined to give it a better rating than normal because I do want this diner to succeed...
I'm a happy meat eating omnivore that is open and loving to all foods: if you familiar with vegan food, you will be disappointed. If you are vegan and are looking for a place to eat, you will be pleased! 
Food and service is solid, but not outstanding. I'm well versed in vegan food / cooking and overall, would say the food was 3 out of 5 - tasty donuts, yummy very crispy home fries and  tangy "sausage" gravy. 
Yes they offer cow's milk, i appreciate that they offer non vegan milk, as it may help encourage a newcomer to try something they wouldn't have before. I brought my non vegan friend and she enjoyed everything and didn't even realize she was eating vegan cheese and vegan eggs.It's really frustrating that every time I'm eating here I am reduced to tears of joy mid-meal.We love this place and are so happy it's just a block away! Their specials are fantastic and the customer service is awesome. Try a donut!On a recent drive thru the city of brotherly love, we stopped by The Tasty for some "tasty" vegan diner style grub. From biscuits and gravy to a vegan pork-roll egg and cheese, to cheese steaks and hoagies, to cookies and coffee, this place was friendly, welcoming and gave you that home town feel. Glad we stopped by and would recommend to anyone.You know when you're craving something very specific... then you find it and think "This hit the spot!". That's exactly how I felt. Great little Vegan diner with an interesting setup. When you come in, order at the counter, sit down, pick up your food when called, bus your own table at the end! I got the Chik'n and Waffles. Perfect for a quick breakfast/brunch meal. Nothing fancy, no table service, just friendly staff and delicious vegan diner food. Go now!I have never met a more welcoming staff than these guys. It is now my go-to brunch spot and my friends (non vegans) also rave about it.The food was OK, I wasn't blown away by it, but I can only judge that based on the items me and my dining companion choose. I would try again and order something different but I wasn't too happy with the service.
We waited over 15 minutes for a check, sitting there looking like we're ready to go, with a credit card on the counter. Finally we asked (we were trying to be sympathetic since it was busy), and they said they don't do checks (you know, like every other single diner ever does so that's my frame of reference). They said to settle at the counter since it's all done by computer. OK, that's different but you could have checked in with us over those 15 minutes to explain that, or see if there was anything else we wanted like another cup of coffee. I prefer to see a bill of what I'm paying for ahead of time, to make sure there are no mistakes either way (under or over-charge) and to calculate tip. 
With so many brunch places now offering yummy vegan selections with better customer service, I have to say this place is not for me. Based on other reviews it looks like I'm in the minority though. Give it a try and judge for yourself.This place is so so good. The food is fantastic and yummy. First time here and definitely will come back again. Everyone that worked there were so nice. Love this place.I absolutely adore the Tasty. I visited when they first opened since it's nearby, but I have recently obtained a random dog-walking setup with my friend PJ (the dog). I love walking her and then treating myself to the Tasty!
I stopped in today and always feel heard and respected there. Seems very queer friendly, which helps. The staff is always very nice and they definitely deserve respect for what they do. Full points.
I recommend this place to anyone and EVERYONE. They are open on weekdays and weekends. Relatively cheap compared to alternative vegan brunch and lunch options. Stop in!I had seen my friends going here, so my husband and two young kids, and niece, and I came down from NJ to try it out.  The staff was friendly, so a plus for that - although you have to order at the counter, pick up your food at the counter when your name is called, and clear the table yourself.
My omelet tasted slightly moldy.  My husband thinks I'm crazy since he never tastes food as being moldy, but I have been to a few restaurants where the veggie patty, or veggie sushi, tastes moldy - and I have never experienced this with home-cooked food.  So my chickpea-flour/tofu omelet tasted a bit moldy.  The home fries on the side were dry and flavorless in the middle, like they had been heated multiple times.
My kids' sandwich was on a bagel that was the driest I have ever seen, basically a bagel cracker.  It was toasted unevenly, black on the outer edges, and not much anywhere else.  The hummus on it did not taste very good.
My niece got the Chick'n Parm sandwich and threw up three times, later that day, throwing her whole meal up.
My husband got the Chick'n Cheesesteak sandwich - no onions - and said it was really good.
The waffle fries and tater tots were excellent.This is a friendly place to get top  notch baked goods. An array of special donuts with ingredients like fresh blueberries, and maple bacon line the counter top. The English muffin is the thickness of a bagel and available in everything flavor. I like to get the Italian toast, but on the incredible English muffin. The environment is laid back and friendly with counter and table seating. Food is ready quickly. I had the opposite experience of a few other reviews and thought that the coconut chia was delicious. The staff is patient and friendly. It's a bus your own table environment, which I think matches the old school hipster vibe.The best. Best coffee in South Philly! Best crew. Also that Dirty Jersey they have is the jam! I always get at least two, they are that good. They do a damn good tot as well! Would highly suggest this and do to everyone.Tasty indeed! The space is charming, the coffee is great, and their chick'n wing sauce is the best. I also treated myself to some cinnamon sugar donut bites that I enjoyed quite a bit. 
The food here is made and served with love. I am am looking forward to coming back, again and again.Amazing service, great staff! Food was so good I wanted to order twice!  Couldn't decided between breakfast or lunch! Choices!  Recommend the deluxe burrito so good!I love that I can call up and order a big, delicious breakfast sandwich for pick-up on my way to work and it's vegan and only $5. I can see this becoming a couple times a week habit. I have also dined in and had their chickn and waffles. It was such a fun brunch and way beyond what I expected for vegan waffles. So good! The interior of the place is super cute and the staff are  very friendly.Maybe it's not fair to judge a place like this based off sunday morning rush when the kitchen was swamped, but the food was pretty lacking at The Tasty.  My tofu scramble had almost no taste to it besides an overabundance of nutritional yeast, and the sweet potato home fries served alongside it were crispy but equally bland.   Especially given the prices, things were pretty underwhelming. Think I'll pass.I like the concept of this place and hope they succeed.  The three star rating is taking into account that it's a greasy spoon. If I was judging the food alone and comparing it to higher end places, it'd fall below a 3. 
I found the staff to be pleasant. I was able to find a place to park quickly around the perimeter of the park. My expectations were not high because I had read some mixed reviews, but was curious to check out this vegan luncheonette/diner anyway.
The donuts were very bad. They were cake-style donuts which I don't really like (not even Dottie's). However, these were particularly not great because they were so greasy. I'm guessing the oil temperature was wrong for frying donuts? Or something else majorly wrong with the execution.
I tried the Dirty Jersey because pork roll is one of the only meats I occasionally miss. Kayas kitchen in belmar nj used to have a similar vegan sandwich that was pretty good. However, the tasty's version was not good. I especially did not like the herb in the fake egg...sage maybe? My dogs loved it though.
It was fun watching the staff cook while fantasizing about quitting my job and working there. If I lived in the area, I'd go back and try other stuff.This is the perfect diner. Incredibly friendly staff, great food, and an awesome atmosphere. The food is vegan but as a meat eater, I couldn't have been more satisfied with my meal. I will continue to visit this place every chance I get and am already anxiously awaiting my next trip.LOVE The Tasty.  The service is fast, friendly, and they allow me and my tiny dog to do a quick walk-in for my beloved bagel & vegan option toppings.  I like to go to the dog park across the street so it's great that they can provide me a coffee for my days off.  It's a relaxed and cute spot to sit and study too.I originally came for the coffee. They have ReAnimator, which is one of my Philly favorites. I would just come here for coffee a couple times and I decided one day to try some of their vegan breakfast options (I'm not vegan) and I loved it. This restaurant/coffee shop is one-of-a-kind and for vegans and non-vegans alike. The interior reminds me of an old-school diner and their food is phenomenal. Makes me consider going vegetarian!This place was great! No place like it in Minneapolis for food quality and taste. For all vegan food it was very well made, tasted delicious and friendly staff make it a worthy stop for tourists and locals alike! I will definitely be stopping here next time I visit!Cozy ambiance: limited seating as it is appropriately popular. The scrambled tofu with mozz was deliciously rich and perfectly seasoned. The side kale salad was surprisingly as enjoyable as the scramble, dressed with a balanced, sweet sugar that was like nothing else I've ever had. Would highly recommend and plan on returning soon.
edit: forgot to mention how considerate the staff was in regards to my gluten allergy, thoroughly wiping down a separate pan to prepare my dish.I've gone to The Tasty a few times now and I see much potential, but so far a few of the items I've tried were a let down. The french toast was very under-cooked(soggy in the middle) and the biscuits and gravy was like some sort of orange colored soup with biscuits in it. 
The egg sandwich states that it is has a 'tofu egg', but it is just the Follow Your Heart vegan egg. So its a treat if you like that product and a disappointment if you do not like it.
The doughnut was good and the croissant was excellent!
I've heard good things about the chicken and waffles as well as the cheesesteak! Looking forward to trying them.Amazing food, amazing service. I'm a regular now! The breakfast burrito is where it's at along with an ice cold iced coffee on a nice spring morning. Doesn't get any better. Can you believe they put home fries INSIDE the burritos? They're doing something special, I know it!I am vegan and enjoy finding new places to try out. This place can be my regular go to spot... its a very layed back cute location... its bright and clean... the staff is super personal.... you just fit in...you come in place your order at the register and grab a seat.... anywhere you like... at the main counter or window counter or tables... the menu has everything you want from a kool neighborhood diner.... coffee, breakfast, lunch or early take out dinner... love the chicken cheesesteak,  hot wings, nacho tofu scramble , fries, chicken sandwich, and iced coffee.... but wait they have mozzarella sticks....  sweets and goodies.... its All amazing.... i am very very very glad this place is open... if your vegan or not check them out.... good food and great vibz in a clean bright cute location.... #veganforlifeI stopped in again last week and opted for two Tofu & Cheez bagels with tempeh bacon. One for a pre-workout snack and one for after. They may have been tastier than my first go round. I will be back and I highly recommend. Inexpensive, delicious eats.It is so nice that South Philly finally has a traditional corner diner that is almost entirely vegan! The menu is so diverse and the hours allow for nearly anyone to have an affordable, filling brunch or lunch! I love the way this place is decorated -- it has the diner feel with the diner prices! I wish they would cut the half and half for their coffee and just be completely vegan! It would be the easiest statement for the place to make. Overall, staff is chill and the food is good. They could use a bit more salt. ;)Great little place, eclectic and interesting! I've had better vegan food in the area, but the atmosphere and the different dishes were certainly interesting it's worth a visit!I got a Dirty Jersey to go, and I loved it, really tasty and VERY filling. I would maybe add some hot sauce, mustard or something, but that's just me. It didn't really need it.  
We went back and ate at the counter. I got a macchiato and the breakfast burrito. We also got the biscuits and gravy. I loved the interior, really adorable and comfortable. Surprisingly roomy. I love having a laid back, not too pricey, vegan spot like this nearby. My burrito was very good, and the biscuits and gravy were as well. The man at the counter even gave a heads up that the smoked paprika in the gravy makes it red-ish in color, instead of the typical white gravy. I will be back to eat everything else there!Talk about an awesome experience! When I heard an all Vegan diner was opening around the corner from my house I was excited but didn't 100% know what to expect. I've been let down by some places that have opened this year (wow Wild Burrito is God awful) and didn't want to get my hopes up just to be disappointed again. When I say my experience at the Tasty was phenomenal it barely scratches be surface at how great this place is. I went to place an order for the first time and was greeted with what can only be called spectacular customer service, my partner has a severe soy and nut allergy and when I brought this up I was told "we take that kind of thing very seriously here" and was walked through possible food options I could choose for her and the staff assured me that all of her food would be prepared in a way that it did not come in any contact with any of her possible allergens. 
I ended up buying a BBQ chicken sandwich that is the best I've ever had, comparable (but still superior) to the Vegan BBQ truck Revolution BBQ in Austin, TX I felt as if I was having genuine southern BBQ for the first time in years. Paired with French fries at an extremely affordable price this vegan spot has easily stolen the title as best vegan foodery in Philadephia. For my partner (who has a soy and nut allergy) I bought a cheesesteak which I managed to sneak a bite of that was out of this world. I look forward to becoming a regular and eating every option on the menu. If I had one complaint it would be that their hours 7am-4pm aren't long enough and it would benefit my life greatly if they were open for dinner.Grungy and vegan what is not to like. If you fancy waiting service and soft cushy chairs this is not the place of you. If you want delicious vegan food with a laid back atmosphere and cool people then this is the place. My wife and I love this place.I drove by as I was leaving my workout at City Fitness. They were open and I was hungry. I quickly parked, walked inside and grabbed a seat at the bar. Tofu and Cheez on a bagel with tempeh bacon was just as advertised, TASTY! I cleansed my palette with a hot mint tea. Inexpensive and delicious. I'll be back and I highly recommend.Cute little vegan spot in south philly. Order at the front and bus your own table. Had a s'mores donut, chai tea latte and the tofu benedict special. As someone who eats dairy and meat I was really impressed by the flavors and textures. The best part about a traditional eggs benedict is the runny yolk and surprisingly I didn't find myself missing it. Wasn't sure how I would feel about the substitutes but I was pleasantly surprised and would definitely order that dish again and try others. Had a bite of the biscuits with gravy and that is definitely something I would order next time!Wonderful vegan diner. I really enjoyed my breakfast there. Worth the long walk I had there and I intend to go again. Highly recommend.Too many soy options. I would've like to have seen more options that didn't include tofu or soy. I had the pancakes they were great!I enjoy vegan food once and awhile but the greek omelet had a very unusual texture. I couldn't even eat it. It was something between wet bread and cake. It wasn't eggs for sure. The potatoes were good.  I like to see new young businesses open but for the neighbors who are mostly italian american please put something on the menu we can recognize. Italian americans have many vegetable based dishes like peppers and eggs or potatoes and eggs, string  beans and potatoes etc. Real eggs please. $14 for this mess. Sorry.Don't Sit Down!! 
The Tasty has been on my Philly vegan to do list for awhile. This last weekend I could finally cross it off the list. 
That being said, there are rules in this place! Rule One: don't sit down until you order your food at the counter.  I warned you ahead of time. My friend was running like 10 minutes behind me. I have an issue with not being able to save a table or a fear of not being seated. Totally not worth worrying about. I was informed that I should order first and then sit down. I tried to keep my cool. 
I dissected the menu to see what was the most appetizing. Brunch? Or Lunch? Oh the dilemma. And then I spotted the old school diner counter was also covered in cake stands filled with the best looking vegan donuts. I knew that one of those little guys was coming home with me. 
I was drawn to the lunch and specifically the BLT. I noticed they had a "Super" BLT that consisted of two kinds of "bacon". I've had the toasted, grilled tempeh kind but the coconut bacon was new to me. When my friend arrived, she was really instantly as a regular. My friend and the guy working said to try both. It was the best suggestion. The only thing I would have added and paid extra for was "Avocado" (my favorite). It would have added a refreshing creaminess to the decadent sandwich. 
By the time it was ordering time. I was a woman with a mission. Super BLT with waffle fries (go big or go home), chocolate sprinkle donut in a to go bag, oatmeal milk (my current favorite milk substitute) cortado and an enamel pin that I've been stalking by Steff Bomb. The pin is of a flirtatious piece of toast. Something about those charming carbs that make me weak in the knees!! 
We decided to sit at the counter. The counter had cleared out. Thank goodness. The food came out quickly. The waffle fries were crispy good and the Super BLT lived up to its reputation. It's was gigantic!! I loved the fresh slabs of tomato with the crispy lettuce. The bacons added some crunch and smokiness that us non meat eaters lack in our diets for the most part. My cortado was creamy and strong. And my donut...I devoured that donut the next couple days and it was sweet and delicious and took me back to being that kid obsessed with sprinkles. 
The space here is huge and has that Portlandia feel that I miss from the NW. I felt comfy talking to my friend about the night before's X concert, concert "ok" touching, friend stories and the importance of tomatoes in a BLT. Ha!! The staff was funny and as sweet as their donuts! 
Thanks for "the tasty" times The Tasty!! Until my next visit to Philly. Hopefully it will be longer than 20 hours!I'm so jealous! Philly has sooo many vegan options! Stopped by this adorable old-school style all vegan diner for brunch. This lemon glazed donut is divine! The Dirty Jersey sandwich is fabulous and had a cold-brew coffee to wash it all down. Many thumbs up.This place is my new favorite coffee stop! Completely vegan, I never have to worry about the barista putting the wrong milk in my coffee! The food looks delicious although I haven't tried it yet. Their coffee is great and they're milk options are nice too! (Oat, Almond and (I think) Soy and Coconut)honestly... go right now. this place is crazy awesome. order at the front & pay, seat yourself, then bus your own table when you're done. so simple and efficient. now the FOOD was even better. PB&J French toast filled me with love, mozzarella sticks were scary good and couldn't tell the difference, cheesy tofu scramble was just to die for, and they totally got the chicken in the chicken and waffles. will be back ASAP!The food here did not disappoint! The vegan cheesesteak was phenomenal, I got it buffalo style because I like it spicy. 
It was nice how they had a selection of potatoes for your side. The seasoning or whatever was on the waffle fries was really good also. 
The iced coffee was perfect!The food was very tasty and the staff very friendly! Not to mention we walked in 9minutes before closing and they still were very nice just politely suggested if we could take out. I had the tofu eggs and a cherry danish which I shared with house mates and everyone (including not vegan friends) loved it! Will be a regular here for sure.Ate breakfast here twice while visiting Philly. Overall it's pretty good, not amazing but I'd go back in a pinch.  Basic breakfast burrito was a standout for me, as the name implies basic but VERY cheesy and satisfying, with a ton of hash browns on the side I did not expect. Donuts varied from decent to very good: the toppings, glazes and outer consistency were good, but the donut itself is a bit weird, almost like what I remember "gluten free" doughnuts being like (apologies if these were in fact all gluten free, if so I might kick them another star because they would be VERY good considering that).  
Chick'n & Waffles = meh. One of the weaker attempts at this dish I've seen, a basic waffle with a couple tiny chicken nuggets on top and a little cup of butter on the side. Still, it's a waffle with some chicken nuggets on top, not like it tastes BAD or anything.  Biscuit w/ Gravy was a bit underwhelming too, I only tried one of the types of gravy though so maybe it was the "wrong" one.  Ice tea was good, $1 refills.  The minimized service (order first, pick up your plates from the order window, bus your own dishes) is  fine, maybe a bit of a cop out at that pricepoint (food there certainly isn't cheap), but it may be the most appropriate way to run things given the lack of space in the restaurant.
Overall it was pretty good but a solid 4 stars. I'm looking forward to going back next Philly trip, trying the lunch menu and seeing if anything on that section is better.Stopped in here for the first time recently, and you can count me as a fan. I've only had the chicken and waffles, but it was absolutely delicious. There will never be a great vegan fried chicken substitute, but whatever they were serving up was delightfully crunchy and warm. However, it was the waffle that ran away with my heart -- one of the best I've ever had, vegan or otherwise. It was like eating a cloud. The iced coffee I ordered on the side was perfectly serviceable. 
Decor was laid back and pleasant, and the service was super friendly in spite of it being a super busy Saturday morning. I can't wait to eat there again.This place is excellent. Chill, clean environment with friendly and knowledgable service. The entire food menu is vegan and everything I've had there has been excellent!Quick, busy and super tasty. Fun menu with lots of options.  The Buffalo CheeseSteak was spicy and amazing!So disappointed. I really wanted to like this place. Everyone was friendly and the coffee itself is good however the food & donut was another story. My donut was over cooked in the frier and very oily and crunchy. The frosting was a dried hard object on top lol. The biscuits & gravy: sauce was bitter, bland & paprika style. Ok i'll say it, it was awful. Moreover, both my biscuits were completely raw inside I had to send it back. I got the tofu scramble in it's place. It was over oily, fell short of being fresh & not well composed. The hashbrows were over fried and very dark in color. I won't be coming back.If you are vegan and craving simple diner style food, you will love The Tasty. The ambiance here is laid back old school diner, and the menu includes many classic favorites like pancakes, French toast, waffles, etc as well as a variety of lunch entrees and sandwiches. Prices are reasonable, and service is very friendly and fast.
I tried the waffle with fruit and whipped cream, which was delicious. Buttery and fluffy, with sweet fresh berries. The sides of tofu scramble and home fries were also very flavorful and satisfying, but a bit too salty and oily for my taste. Canola oil aftertaste. Portions are generous. This is vegan food for vegans-the menu is a bit stuck in the 90's. I feel The Tasty should improve upon the variety of their menu and utilize a higher quality of vegan meat substitutes. It is 2016, after all. Definitely worth a visit if you are in Philadelphia.Philly is becoming a plant based powerhouse.
A Diner themed breakfast spot? Love it. Had the Dirty Jerz and wife had the western omelette. The omelette was awesome oh and their home fries were better then any home fries I have ever had anywhere.
We will be back,The Tasty is a vegan neighborhood greasy spoon kind of diner with standard diner fare...veganized. It's smallish with some tables but at breakfast time it's crowded and you will definitely have to wait for a table. 
I believe there is an early breakfast menu with smaller portions and then later morning they switch to a brunch menu with larger portions - and they are large. The pancakes are huge. 
The food was good. Like a solid good. But no one in my group was absolutely amazed by any of it. Full disclosure: we didn't eat in, since it was so crowded; we took our to-go containers across the street to the park to eat. Food was warm so that wasn't an issue, but it's possible the food would taste fresher if you dine in.
I would definitely go again to try other stuff on the menu.This place marches to the beat of its own drum so it'll take you a few to get into its rhythm.  We made sure to come when the full menu was being served.  Apparently you order then go sit and your name is called when your food is ready.  We got the tofu scramble with home fries and chickn and waffles.  The scramble was good but one of our add ins was fried onions and it seemed like that made up the bulk of the plate.  The chickn and waffle was gross. The waffle tasted like a standard diner one (especially with that fake maple syrup on the tables) and the chicken was a stringy soy mess.  I have to admit I was expecting some home made seitan chicken.  The redeeming factor was the Philly cheesesteak - greasy and delicious. Overall not the place for a nice healthy breakfast but if you're craving diner food quality this place won't disappoint.I LOVE The Tasty.
When you walk in, it's a super old school, trendy little diner. Everyone at the counter is super friendly and really helpful. They have a Pride Flag hanging above their window which instantly makes any LGBTQ+ person feel at home. The menu covers almost any breakfast/lunch food you could want. 
My girlfriend, who isn't a vegan, ordered an omelet and was over the moon about it. She couldn't stop gushing over how good it was, accompanied by some tater tots. I got the crispy chick'n sandwich with the waffle fries! I'm not a huge fan of coconut bacon, I typically prefer tempeh but it complimented the sandwich really, really well. I added buffalo sauce and it was great! We split their oreo donut and were extremely close to ordering a second.
If you like a true diner style meal, you won't be disappointed. Their Instagram constantly covers the insane range of food they're able to make vegan friendly and is constantly changing. I HIGHLY suggest you try it if you're in the area!This is my favorite place I have ever eaten. My Fiance and I are both Vegan and it is amazing to have places like this in Philly. We get the Western every time we go and it is the best thing I have ever eaten, ever. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.I ate here a while ago and had the chick'n and waffles; eh, it was ok, but sat like a brick in my stomach and then slowed me down so much I had to take a nap.  WTF is in that stuff.  This is definitely not a healthy vegan option place to eat.  Try P.S. & Co or Vegan Commissary.  I was encouraged by other vegans to go here, but even they warned me that this is truly vegan junk central.  The vegan community here in Philly is kind of small, so we all end up seeing one another at the same places... P.S. & Co, Blackbird, Hip City Veg, Vedge, V Street, Charlie Was a Sinner, and soon to come...Wiz Kid.  Go anywhere but here especially if you are just visiting Philly.  Oh, and if you are coming in from overseas, dear God, do not eat here.Welcome to the neighborhood! I have only eaten there once but I am looking forward to going back again as soon as I can.  I loved my avocado melt but I really want to try the western omelette the girl sitting next to me got, it looked so good I almost got one to go! I will be a weekend regular for sure! 
Soooo.... things are not nearly as 5 star as they were when they first opened. I have been to Tasty 5 times since my first review & every time I go something we order is different than the last time. Breakfast burrito, one time potatoes in it & on the side, next time only on the side, the last time only in it! The omelette went from a white (tofu) texture & color to a yellow color & inedible pancake batter texture. The  cheddar"cheese" is different too... I think it's Daiya now but it wasn't when they first opened & it was WAY better. The chickpea "tuna" was great once & not so great once and the pancakes & "soysage" were very good
I really want this place to succeed but consistency is the most important thing for the survival of a restaurant & unfortunately this place is totally inconsistent! It could be great just make things the same way, every single time!Food is so delicious! I had the Chickn and Waffles, and it was exactly what I wanted it to be. The coffee is great too, but I forget what roasters they use. My only complaint was that the restaurant was too warm, and it made my 1 year old grumpy, and uncomfortable.  Definitely plan on coming back without the baby.Great little spot with awesome vegan comfort food. The portions were good sized and the counter staff were very helpful with making selections.This was my entree to vegan diner eating and it was a perfect one. My daughter and I love this place. We have yet to have a bad meal. Pancakes are great. She loves the chick'n and waffles. My hubby enjoys the biscuits with gravy. There is plenty of flavor and the portions definitely qualify it for diner status. You have to time it right as it is a small eatery and seating is self service as is bussing your table but the customers respect that reality and move through pretty quickly. As everything is cooked per order, prepare to enjoy a latte or coffee while you wait. Parking in the area is also quite a challenge with the very narrow streets and the fact that it is in a residential area. But, all worth it for the food.For vegan and vegetarian options this place is awesome.  The fried "chicken" sandwich makes you look twice to see if it is vegan!  Salads are great as well.  Only knock on the place is that the furniture and fixtures are old and the plates are also re-purposed.  They look soiled and worn out.  Upgrading the fixtures and service wear would make this place 5 stars.  Nice staff and eclectic setting too.AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME BRUNCH. I literally don't know what else to say. Great vegan options (I'm not vegan I just like to eat). Large portions. So come hungry.My favorite veg spot in Philly! My go-to is the buffalo chicken Sammie with fries - but if you're feeling healthier get the salad! Always quick and employees are pleasant every time I've been in! Portion sizes are huge and well worth their price, even though the meal is only $11 - which is great considering the amount of food you get. Good coffee too.We actually just left & can not wait to go back! I had the delicious Grilled Avocado with coconut "bacon" on rye & it came with a side of PERFECT tater tots. My guy had the tofu western omelet with the best vegan cheddar we have ever tasted as a burrito. The food is great, the atmosphere is great, the location is great, the service is great, The Tasty is great!!!!Welcome to the neighborhood! I have only eaten there once but I am looking forward to going back again as soon as I can.  I loved my avocado melt but I really want to try the western omelette the girl sitting next to me got, it looked so good I almost got one to go! I will be a weekend regular for sure!The Tasty really impressed me.  Upon first walking in I thought "wow, did they rob a flea market?"  As I spent more time here I realized their decor style fit with their food.  It's laid back and a bit quirky.  I'm cool with that kind of vibe.
We placed our orders and sat at a table that looked as if it came from someone's grandparent's basement.  I went with the spinach and soysage while my wife got a salad.  Both portions were huge!  I decided to power through my scramble because I felt like it was time for a fat kid checkin.  The coffee flowed and we had a really nice meal.
When I come back, I will come much earlier.  The seating definitely seems to be at a premium as the day goes on.  The prices were good and the food just had that awesome diner feel that I grew up with, only vegan.  I can definitely see myself coming back for lunch soon.Nice lil vegan spot by Passyunk Ave in South Philly! The Tasty makes a nice addition to the other all-vegan eateries that have been popping up in Philly. 
I took my (non-vegan) family members here and they all loved what they got, in case that convinces you that vegan food can taste good! They got the buffalo chik'n sandwich, BLT, and fried chik'n sammy. I had the BLT with a side salad and loved it. 
I will say that this is definitely vegan comfort food so don't come here expecting healthy salads and veggie bowls. The menu resembles that of a classic South Philly diner, things like French toast, pancakes, cheesesteaks, chicken sandwiches, and waffles. Definitely a place you should check out! 
Be aware it closes at 4, which is a bummer if you're like me and usually have late starts to your day but it makes a great brunch or breakfast spot if you're able to drag yourself out of bed before the sun goes down!This place really gets by on its niche market.  The food is simply not good.  It's completely bland and completely overpriced, especially if you compare it to Champs in Brooklyn.  This place is like Champs with half the menu selection and half the flavor.  The biscuits and gravy were kind of laughable - 2 sad hockey pucks of flour with bean soup, masquerading as "gravy."  Eeee - I've been vegan for 4 years and am familiar with what can be done with vegan food...this is a bit pathetic.  No thanks!Very old-school vegan cooking, like from the Moosewood era. Think tofu scrambles and vegan "omelettes." Some people may be into it but it wasn't for me. 
The biscuits were too dry and the gravy was gloopy and tasted like spices and soy flour. We also tried a chicken sandwich but it was basically two oversized nuggets on a tiny bun so the whole thing was impossible to eat. It was all quite heavy so we felt really full for hours after.
On the plus side the pepperoni roll had good flavor. The coffee was fine. The staff was friendly.i ordered a BLT with tempeh bacon and it was to die for. service was quick, counter staff was friendly. clean place and reasonable pricesThe guy serving coffee was very kind. Everything else was not good at all. The food was like early 90s local health food store stuff. Just lots of grease and blandness.  I had the monte cristo and it just tasted like Wonderbread dipped in coconut oil. There's no waitstaff whatsoever... you need to hunt for a table, get silverware for it, pickup your food from the kitchen, and then bus your own table while other diners wait for you to leave so they can sit down. 
I can't recommend this place when every restaurant on Passyunk Ave has vegan options. Maybe if you're in the Midwest and this is the only vegan place for hundreds of miles... but you're not. You're in Philly. There are much better places to eat.This place is my new go to spot! I was so happy to stumble upon it while walking in south Philly and I'm so glad I did! The staff is friendly, the food is amazing and it's all vegan! I can't wait to try the entire menu!I'm not vegan, but the food was delicious and the atmosphere is neat. Definitely worth checking out!Location/service: This adorable vegan diner nestled in South Philly is the perfect place for brunch! I love the hipster, vintage-inspired decor. It's small but there's plenty of seating area at the bar, bar seats by the window, and a lovely seating area with colorful cushions. You do have to bus your own tables, though - you order at the register and then pick up your food, seat yourself, and pour your own water. I personally prefer this and think more restaurants should do it!
Food: The vegan Greek scramble with hash was amazing - it's obvious that it's tofu and not eggs, but not in an unpleasant way (as someone that loves tofu). The vegan cheese in the scramble was amazing, and the hash was well made - definitely my favorite dish! The Chick'n and Waffles was also good - the waffle was a little underwhelming, but fluffy and homey. The chicken itself didn't seem to be made on site, probably frozen/pre-made, but whatever brand they used was incredible - both texture, taste, and sight-wise, I could barely distinguish it form real chicken!! 
Coffee/pastries: The drip coffee is standard, for those who might have been worried. I got the Raspberry Linzer Torte and was blown away - it was soft, sweet, and delicious!
I'm really excited to go back and enjoy more vegan goodies here!