The drive from Royersford to make sure you get the best birthday cake is sure worth it. As soon as you walk in the service and the smell of delicious treats wins you over...and I'd that isn't enough wait until you see and taste their cakes! Love this placeNice place, busy lunch crowd with a very pleasant wait staff. I came in for a pick me up on what started out to be a stressful day.  You know the kind of day I mean... Fight with the spouse, then work, dispute with vendor over return policy then overpaid for shipping at UPS!  Needless to say the trip to a bakery was well worth my piece of mind.
The salted caramel was heaven & immediately restored the balance to my life... Suddenly all was right with the world!  I also got a vanilla buttercream cupcake for later.  The cupcake was ok, not nearly as delightful as the caramel was.  But the entire package deserves a four star rating in my book.This place was recommended to me by a friend. I decided to order a customized cake from here for a friend's 30th birthday party. I was not happy with the cake at all. It did not look like it was designed by an expert one bit and the writing was messy. It looked like an intern designed it. We never got around to cutting the cake so I'm not sure how it tasted. I emailed the bakery and they offered a $20 refund but I don't live close to the shop and I haven't found myself back in that area. I ended up going back to my other bakery out in Downingtown whose designs are amazing. The drive is worth it.Amy, John and the staff at Night Kitchen are wonderful! They are talented, enthusiastic and really good at taking a clients vision and translating it into a delicious, creative and impactful cake.  As an event planner I am always looking for that wow factor and a cake from Night Kitchen always delivers - and better yet it doesn't just look amazing it also tastes equally amazing! They have a wonderful variety of cake and mousse flavors - enough to please even the most picky eaters!  The university I work just recently changed branding and the team at Night Kitchen Bakery seamlessly followed new brand guidelines and delivered a top notch 5 tier multi-flavored cake for our graduating class. It was a huge hit - the students and administrators loved it! Thanks, Night Kitchen! Looking forward to many more collaborations!the new cafe addition is lovely. the perfect spot to meet a friend for coffee and a snack...or they also have a small menu if you are in the mood for something other than cookies, brownies, or scones :-)This is a small bakery specializing in pastries (no breads here). My favorite is the lemon curd cake, which is moist and full of lemony flavor. Their chocolate cake is rich; they have a variety of cupcakes--white with chocolate frosting, moist carrot, chocolate and lemon--in addition to a variety of cookies, tarts and sweet rolls. 
The bakery is in a little shop with wood floors. There are one or two tables, so if you want to sit down and savor your cookies along with a cup of coffee, you can.What a cozy, welcoming little spot! My first encounter with The Night Kitchen was early on a Saturday morning... Cars were parked along the sidewalk waiting for the doors to open at 8am. That spoke volumes to me and I wasn't disappointed! My muffins and pastries were warm, fresh out of the oven, and to-die-for delicious.This is my favorite local bakery. Admittedly, I typically just buy my La Colombe coffee from there, but I splurge on their cakes, cookies & cupcakes for special occasions. The staff is always friendly and they remember my name!Night's kitchen has great cupcakes and beautifully designed cakes. I bought a custom designed birthday cake for my boyfriend. We had just moved to Philadelphia from San Diego and I wanted a cake that had elements of both cities.  The pastry chef's and decorators were great to work with and really saw my vision.  The cake I got was great with so much detail. It was moist and very tasty. It was very expensive ($86 for an 8 inch round) but it was a work of art!  I will be going back to this neighborhood bakery!I haven't actually been there in a couple years. If they still have those sticky buns, they alone would make it a 4 or 5 star place. Oh my God those buns - buttery evil buns. Sometimes my dad would wait a day, slather them with MORE butter and fry 'em in a pan. I think I just heard my arteries clogging...
Oh - everything else there I've ever tried was fantastic. The lemon curd cake is BAD-ASS.I ordered cupcakes here for a baby shower.  When I placed the order, I specifically mentioned that they were for a baby boy's shower, and asked if they could make the cupcakes look festive.  They told me that dyeing the icing was an additional $.50/cupcake, but that they could add pastel sprinkles free of charge.  I was disappointed when I picked up the cupcakes and found that the "pastel" sprinkles were just a few sparse, bright rainbow sprinkles and certainly not "festive" given the occasion.  The cupcakes tasted fine, but were also on the small side, especially given the price.  I will use another bakery for future events.My husband and I love The Night Kitchen!  We've driven by many times en route to Starbucks or Chestnut Hill Coffee.  We finally stopped in last Saturday morning around 9:00 am.  They were somewhat busy but not too crowded.  My husband ordered a raspberry scone, which was a bit pricey (about $3.50), but their multigrain bagel was really good with cream cheese and only cost $1.00.  Their coffee is some of the best we've had, without the powerful aftertaste of Starbucks coffee.  We like that you can get refills.
The staff was pleasant as far as Philly people go (we're from the South, and even though we've been here for two years, we're still biased).  They helped us quickly and brought the toasted bagel to our table out front.  The awning outside is quite shallow and window boxes of  flowers were in full bloom, so we had to endure the drizzle on our legs, but it wasn't terrible.  The restrooms are clean and somewhat cute.
We went back within a week and have met a few of the regulars, all of whom are pleasant to speak with.  I like that you can buy day-old bread.  The only thing I wish they'd add to their menu are croissants; my husband loves those.  Also, if your laptop needs an outlet, you'll be hard-pressed to find one.
All-in-all, though, we'll be returning to this bakery often for morning study sessions!We wandered here after dinner one day and I was blown away!  This cute neighborhood bakery had several unique touches, including coffee ice cubes for iced coffee and a large selection of small pastries, that made it stand out from the ordinary.  Staff was patient and friendly as we gazed through the glass and changed our minds multiple times.  Bathroom is immaculate.  The only downside?  It closes at 7.The Night Kitchen created the most amazing cake for my son's second birthday. I brought a picture in of what I wanted and they somehow made it even more perfect than the picture! The best part was the cake tasted good! Often times bakeries have the ability to make a cake pretty, but fall short on flavor / moistness. The Night Kitchen did not disappoint, it looked great, tasted great and was moist! Thank you for helping to make my sons birthday special!The cupcakes here get me so excited, they make me blush.  Literally.  The woman behind the counter pointed it out to me.  While sampling a variety of cupcakes to determine the city's best, we got rocky road cupcakes, flourless chocolate cupcakes, and their lemon cupcakes.  Also tried a chocolate chip pumpkin cookie, or something equally as awesome.  The cookie and flourless cupcake were amazing.  I thought the Rocky road (the description of which made me blush) was pretty good; my one friend still dreams of them.  The lemon?  Meh.  Anyway, go check it out, and bring me one of those pumpkin cookies if they still have them.During our tasting the night kitchen took our ideas from other cakes along with our choices and made one excellent cake for our wedding! It was a feast for the eyes and the stomach! The cake was perfectly moist and iced with filling to match. Everyone at the wedding enjoyed it! We enjoyed working with the staff as well, they were helpful and flexible.We chose the Night Kitchen for our wedding last year and I cannot explain how amazing they were!
Amy and her whole team were absolutely wonderful. She sat down with us and listened as we explained exactly what we envisioned, and then she executed it to perfection!
Our wedding cake was absolutely stunning, and to make it even more special, we chose to have our top tier recreated for our first anniversary. 
Our cake was not only beautiful, but delicious! 
I highly recommend The Night Kitchen!The night kitchen is amazing. From their jumble cookies to their apple cake it's all super delicious. Probably.my favorite is the chocolate praline cake, wow it's so yummy. The people that work there are really friendly and the owner is just great. I love their outdoor seating when the weather is good.Looking for a very rich treat?  Three times over the past month I have needed a large round cake with a message on the top for a special event.  I chose the lemon curd cake, the chocolate raspberry cake and the chocolate butter cream cake.  All were delicious and a great success with groups of 8-9 and with some left for the celebrated to take home.  This past weekend I bought iced brownies as a treat for desert - gorgeous richly chocolate with cream below the icing.  I also love that The Night Kitchen is a green business that gives back to the community.  What more could one ask?Great little place in chestnut hill!
I was referred to them by a local restaurant.   They said that the Night Kitchen had great Carrot Cake.
I got a slice of carrot cake and a slice od lemon curd for my wife.   Both were fantastic! 
Highly recommended!The Night Kitchen Bakery has been a Chestnut Hill staple for the past twenty years. They use the most quality ingredients to bake up some of the most amazing cakes and pastries. And, rumor has it that they also cater as well.Oh, I love The Night Kitchen!  Their baked goods are divine!  They have a great variety of treats - cupcakes, brownies, cookie bars and the like.  It's definitely a place worth stopping when shopping in Chestnut Hill.I love this bakery! The lemon curd cake is absolutely fantastic! The prices are reasonable and the quality is consistently amazing. The only recommendation I'd make is that the bakery cafe is not set up great. They seem to have a refrigerated self serve area that really clogs traffic where the cash register is... The layout is just a bit hard to navigate but the baked goods make up for it!Came here recently for a quick bite. SO freaking good. I can't believe I hadn't heard about this place sooner! The place was packed so apparently I'm the only one who hadn't heard. :) Despite being packed it was fast moving and we were able to snag the last seats available. Genuinely upbeat staff. Adorable cakes were flying off the shelf and it was fun to see each; very creative. A bit noisy for any type of work or serious convo, but perfect for a date over coffee and snacks.The customer service SUCKS! The employees treat the customers like we desperately need them. They have stupid rules and enforce them at all cost. I was in a crazy hurry, called them for a B-Day Cake. I even offered them my credit card for payment to expedite the transaction. Their "rules" state that they can't take same day orders. I was 20 minutes away and needed them to simply take my payment & write a message on a cake. "No Bueno, No can do!" The cakes are not consistent either. Sometimes they taste more than a day old. UghI've walked past this bakery so many time going to Staples Office Store. So I finally decided to check it out. 
First Impressions: When facing the store to the right is the entrance to the bakery where the display cases of baked goods are located. On the left through the glass window, to can see examples of the wedding cakes they make, as well as the bakers working and decorating cakes. Awesome!
Once inside the bakery offers seating for you to enjoy your baked good, coffee and/or sandwich. 
Cupcakes: Decided to try a few cupcakes. Purchased a red velvet, carrot cake, 2 cheesecake cupcakes, and a plain vanilla. The cupcakes were moist and super soft. The cupcakes were good, but not amazing. However, the carrot cake cupcake was AMAZING!
There were other baked goods available, but I always go for the cupcake first. Def worth going back to try some of the cookies, sticky buns, and cakes.Ok back in the day this place was amazing presently not so much. Everything sort looks good but does not deliver at all.  Sconces with jam inserted a grey color on inside, sticky bun minus any flavor, prices extreme, quirky staff, owner quasi rude, not a good experience. The place expanded, so much staff,  looks better on the outside but what is on the inside counts much more as in what is in your baked goods, very much more. 
Please do better, and cost less.Night Kitchen made an amazing, beautiful and simply fantastic Finding Dory cake for my daughter's 3rd birthday!!!   You guys are absolutely the best!  The cake exceeded my expectations!!   It was stunning and so delicious!!This is my third cake from Night Kitchen and I will definitely be back!!Great coffee. Lattes are expertly crafted. 
Their  iced coffee is delicious and unique- they give you coffee ice cubes and you self-serve the hot coffee over it. I was skeptical when I first got the cup of ice cubes. I hate when I ask for iced coffee and the place pours hot coffee over ice. But Night Kitchen's is different. The coffee ice cubes really work their magic.  And because of this way of making iced coffee, you can also get decaf which is great for me.  
Try the yogurt parfait.  It's delicious. The granola is not skimpy and has pecans.
The pastries are also delicious. You really can't go wrong there!Cute cafe' with bakers who know what they're doing!  The pecan bars were so good.The Night Kitchen used to be my go to bakery, but over the last couple of years some things have gotten on my nerves.
First off, when I would want a larger order called in for breakfast Danishes to bring in for work. When I would call in at maybe 12 noon the day before to make an order I'd want to pick up at 8:30 the next morning, they would tell me that I should have called earlier in the morning because they could only guarantee my order could be ready if I called 24 hours in advance. I just don't get that. That just came off like they didn't need the business. The other part that would turn me off is that they would charge me extra by the piece if I wanted the larger Danishes cut in quarters. Finally, I stopped calling those orders in.
I've always been a fan of their lemon curd cake and the chocolate cake with the hazelnuts, but I'm not so keen on the buttercream parts of those cakes. This was my go to spot for birthday cakes, but I even turned off of that lately because of the proportion of buttercream to actual cake. I attached a photo of a piece of my last piece of chocolate cake I got to go. That was a major disappointment considering that I usually just scape off half the buttercream before I eat it. In this last piece of "cake", it seemed more than half the cake was buttercream.
By the way, it's not just me who is not a fan of so much buttercream on the little bit of cake. I notice the whole family leaving behind most of that stuff.My favorite is the sour cream coffee cake. A little pricey but think of it this way.  Items are so rich that a little goes a long way.  Chocolate pecan tart tastes wonderful as well.  As does the chocolate flourless cake. I find the cookies average, the bars and brownies slightly above average.We had ordered food for my daughter-in-law's baby shower over the weekend. We ordered two dozen each of the following, which I'll rate: 
1. Crabcakes - reasonably good but not spiced, with nice remoulade, but each piece was literally quarter size. My wife and I could have put the whole order away for dinner for two.  
2. Duck quesadillas - these were tasty and well prepared. 
3. Chicken "skewers" - expecting something more like the appetizer one gets in so many local restaurants, but no, these were bland, breaded, and each the size of a gumball. McNuggets are twice the size! 
4. Cheese tartlets - these were well done with mushroom and cheese and were quite good. 
5. Chips and dip - largish container of dip - I didn't personally taste this, but it was mostly untouched by the guests. 
6. Cupcakes - being primarily a bakery, these were excellent and pretty to look at. 
Here's the kicker - I brought the SUV to pick up the trays, but in fact, the order fit in one medium size bag!  I was so concerned there wouldn't be enough for the guests to eat, I shelled out another $50 for 2 pounds of cooked shrimp at the local market! What Night Kitchen prepared for our event was fair to good, and the portions literally miniscule. I would expect to pay a maximum of $125 for my order from a "gourmet" shop. But no, the bill was $260 (plus tip), which was an exorbitant amount to pay for what we received. If I return I will do so for the bakery. I wasn't about to make a scene, but there's no question we were incredibly ripped off and wouldn't recommend this business to anyone who is looking for high quality food at a reasonable price. This is Chestnut Hill, guys, not Rodeo Drive. I'd even feel ripped off if I was charged this much for meh food in Beverly Hills!My $12 salad ordered to go had 1 cup of lettuce, a tablespoon of goat cheese, and 2 ounces of chicken.  I had no chance to complain as it was a take-away order, so leaving this review on Yelp is my only recourse.  If you order a take-out meal, check the contents before leaving the shopI live near Chestnut Hill, so just from the look of the Night Kitchen's cakes, I would have booked them for my wedding cake if I was getting married in the area.  Just recently, I finally got to try an NK Cake.  My friend ordered a lemon curd birthday cake.  OMG!   This was one of the best cakes I've ever, ever had.  I can't even explain how freakin' good this was.
Then, she had a bday party for her boyfriend and ordered another cake.  I'm not that into chocolate cake, so the taste wasn't there for me, but the design was amazing.  The party was a movie them.  I'll attach a photo here if I can!
The reason I'm giving them 4 stars not 5 is because their prices are really high.While we absolutely loved our cross between Harry Potter & The Nightmare Before Christmas cake & it tasted delicious, we were completely bummed about the color of the cake being WRONG. The bottom layer was NOT supposed to be blue. It was supposed to be purple and wine to match our theme. Unfortunately, it wound up completely clashing.*
*
The @nightkitchenbakery just called to apologize and said that it must have changed color while being stored in the fridge, they offered no discount because it was part of our wedding package we paid good money for. They didn't even offer us a small gift card for their bakery which I told the woman we loved. All she said was sorry! But to me, sorry didn't cut the cake. I mean, you couldnt even invite us back to have lunch or a couple of coffees on the house?! Booo   *
*
Seriously though.... not even "oh come in for lunch or coffee on us?!"The Night Kitchen has amazing pastries and cakes. I'm not going to compare it to sex, but let's just say I need a cigarette right after having a slice of their chocolate-mocha cake.
The place itself is very unassuming, and looks like it could use a little upkeep. That's just to hide the true deliciousness of their deserts inside. My favorite is the chocolate chip shortbread, mostly because I ate it as a kid, and it brings back the memories.
Price wise, it is pretty expensive compared to PathMark or Bredenbecks, but the value of having cakes so delicious made with such high quality ingredients justifies the cost. When someone at a party bites into their chocolate-peanut butter cake and says "Oh my god!" really loudly, you know that it was worth every penny.We happened to stumble upon this super quaint bakery when we were heading up to Chestnut Hill. I had always heard good things about The Night Kitchen but I've never had the opportunity to stop in. Well, I'm really glad we stopped! I didn't realize that it was not just a bakery but a sit down cafe as well. We tried several items but what really stood out was the key lime pudding (yes, pudding!). It was sweet, but tart and had a nice meringue topping. The lemon squares were also so delicious! Just the right touch of tartness. We teamed our treats with coffee, which was delicious and so inexpensive compared to other coffee places. Before we left, we ordered a carrot cake to take home. I cannot even describe  how delicious this was! Moist and rich with the most amazing frosting. I will dream about this cake until the next time I can stop at The Night Kitchen and get another one. All in all, I loved everything we had and will definitely return. Maybe next time I'll come for brunch or lunch so I can try more of their food. You should definitely go. You won't be disappointed!Amazing and strong fresh coffee and espresso. The sour cream pecan coffee cake was fresh and delicious!Far and away the best bakery around. The scones are spectacular. As is the lemon curd cake. Such a cute little authentic local bakery.Amazing!  My daughter had a Harry Potter sweet 16, Amy at Night kitchen was so helpful in helping us to make our selection. Not only was the cake absolutely gorgeous and full of details, it was so delicious, moist and flavorful!They did our 3 tiered, multi flavored wedding cake and the results were picture-perfect and so yummy.  They are pricey - but you get what you pay for.
Customer service was terrific from initial cake tasting and consultation, through color and design selection.
Perry (the pastry chef) is a master!
We loved our wedding cake.Night Kitchen was A OK.  I purchased a father's day carrot cake from the bakery last month.  It was small for its $28 price tag but pretty moist and good.  My son enjoyed his cupcake as well.  Both were not the best we've ever had but Night Kitchen earns the additional star because my parents are still raving about the cake. Service was nice enough; the young lady who helped me with the cake was friendly and the only one to greet us (there were 3 people at the counter).  Overall, I am unsure if we'll return, as there are other better (and cheaper) bakeries in the city.I used to be a loyal Bredenbeck's customer until I tried this place. Just about everything I have tried is good. The chocolate and carrot cupcakes are a given for best around; but their other desserts are good too. The bread pudding, the cakes, the cookies; uhhhhhh, dieters stay away.This has good to excellent quality, however it can't compare to its earliest days when Marie (original owner) used higher quality ingredients. Many of today's ingredients are sub-par and the texture and flavors suffer.
This is a big business now and things have gotten bigger but not necessarily better.
Still a good stop and the scones and Danish are excellent. The cinnamon buns and other cakes are o.k.Our favorite spot for local dessert.  We are particularly obsessed with the carrot and red velvet cupcakes.  The cinnamon buns are also delish!  Our child's pediatrician is directly across the street ... Even though he isn't even one yet, I've already made the momxecutive decision that all of his pediatrician appointments will be followed by a trip to the Night kitchen!There are quite a few bakeries in Chestnut Hill, but Night Kitchen is far and away the best of the lot. The staff is incredibly helpful and easy going. Their coffee and pastries are all off-the-charts delicious. Their custom cakes are beautiful.
One of my favorite offerings is their iced coffee. The freeze coffee in ice cup form, fill a cup for you and you can then add whatever pour-over liquid you'd like:  Milk, water, more coffee, etc.
If you're in the area, I highly suggest Night Kitchen. You won't be sorry!I've patronized the Night Kitchen for many years and have always loved everything I've bought there.  Until this time.  I bought a lovely looking cherry tart for $22, an average Night Kitchen price.  Usually things are worth every penny you spend, but this time the tart was all crust with hardly any cherry filling.  I was SO disappointed.  I will no longer assume that everything sold there is top quality.  So sorry.Good cookies and pannini sandwiches.  Friendly people work here.  They also have good ready made sandwiches, soup and salads to go.We ordered our wedding cake from the Night Kitchen. We loved it so much! It was beautiful and tasty. Amy was very nice and made sure she got every detail on our wedding cake right. I had sent her several pictures of what I wanted and they nailed it.  It was perfect.I don't know why I occasionally get cake here, year after year after year---just hopeful, I guess. The cake simply is not good. The yellow cake has little flavor and an odd, oily texture. The vanilla buttercream is slick, sweet, and likewise flavorless. The chocolate cake is not bad, but the chocolate frosting makes my teeth and my head hurt---sweet, unctuous, and lacking depth. The lemon curd cupcake, somehow, is good, although it's based on the same yellow-and-vanilla combination; the tart lemon sort of balances the sweet greasiness.    
What's really good here---the scones (properly short, a little crusty, not sweet); the peanut butter cookies; the shortbread (outstanding, actually); several of the other cookies---oatmeal raisin, thumbprints, chocolate chip; and the brownies. The lemon bars are just awful---no detectable crust, sour rather than tart filling. And for some reason, there's chocolate under the filling in the pecan pie; gilding the lily, I think, but if that's your thing....
The flourless chocolate torte is a perennial favorite for Passover.Loved loved loved this spot. I decided to take a stroll and try out this cute little cafe. I was not disappointed. I had the strata and my cousin had the grilled cheese. Both were fantastic. Yes I tried both. Don't judge me! My cousin also got me a lemon cupcake for my bday. It was fabulous. 
One of my favorite things I had was the iced coffee. I have never seen ice cubes made with coffee. You then add the hot coffee over the cubes. It's brilliant! My iced coffee never got watery. Such a great idea b
It's a bit tiny but the staff is friendly and I like the outside table. I will definitely be back.Lemon curd cupcake was trash. Vanilla cake with bland vanilla icing that tasted of shortening. The only thing that made it lemon was the blob of lemon curd thrown in the center of disappointing icing. Pbnj cupcake was just ok with no filling just another blob of jelly in center of jelly. This bakery needs to get a clue. Icing needs sugar!!!Great pastries! Can't praise this place enough! Looking forward to eating my holiday Yule log with the family. Can't wait until the summer! Night Kitchen serves homemade puddings in the summer! Make sure to try everything in stock! Just buy one of each pastry. I promise you will thank me later!Night Kitchen made a beautiful custom cake for me based on photos I sent and a detailed discussion in advance with Amy who was wonderful. I wanted a cake for my friend's 50th birthday surprise celebration during our trip to Ocean City, NJ. They incorporated all the elements we discussed, including ocean, beach sand, shells, boardwalk, Brown's Donuts(!), and a special photo I had taken of the emblem on the 9th Street Pier. So wonderful. Thank you!A friend told me about The Night Kitchen, and I purchased a chocolate cake for a holiday dinner. Wow! Truly the best chocolate cake I've ever had from a bakery! I'm so glad I moved into a neighborhood with such a gem! This is where I'll be getting all my sweets from now on.We ordered two cakes here for a graduation party.  My brother's cake was 2 stacked books while my stepsister's cake was a two tiered cake with a nursing theme to it.  Both cakes were custom cakes and about $200 a piece.  However each cake fed about 50 people and they were delicious!  The cakes were moist and the icing was just the right amount of sweet.  The fondant was nice and smooth and the fondant decorations looked great.Expensive but awesome. $38 for a 9" layer cake. It's not very tall. Bought a birthday cake in chocolate mousse flavor. Wow. Amazing. I'll be back. Overheard someone in a different neighborhood raving about their pastries.Great cupcakes. Even better cakes. Got a great custom cake made there. A pretty expensive cake but pretty elaborate and pretty big. Cake boss quality if you ask me!Ordered my wedding cake from The Night Kitchen. Their cake is overall tasty which is why we selected them and I'll give them 2 stars instead of one. They assured me they'd get all the details I wanted for the cake design, but they failed horribly. It's as if they didn't read my email at all. I also tried calling to speak with the person in charge of my cake but she couldn't be bothered with taking my calls. The people who picked up the phone assured me that she knows what she's doing and has done wedding cakes many times before. I should've went to Bredenbeck Bakery up the block. Their service is so much nicer and they obviously care about their customers. Lesson learned. Sorry Night Kitchen, you guys are talented but need to step up your service.These are the most delicious cakes I have ever eaten. Even people who don't care for cake love the cakes here. I will never get a cake anywhere else. I especially recommend the chocolate cake (they call it mocha cake) with cream cheese icing and mocha mousse filling. Totally worth the extra money compared to anyplace else!
We ordered specially decorated birthday cakes for my daughter's parties and always been pleased.
Also a nice place for lunch. Fresh sandwiches and salads. Quite delicious. You can get a little cookie or other bakery treat for dessert. The cafe seating is cozy or you can sit outside on the sidewalk on a nice day.New favorite! They expanded in size and menu. From the service to the quality of food and the atmosphere-so great!
Also, if you are looking for a delicious challah this is your place.  They add a little whole wheat so it's not completely traditional but I love it!We were very pleased with our wedding cake done by Amy. First, the cake tasting was easy to schedule, professional and fun. We were not  prepared to eat such tasty variety of cup cakes and cream/filling/frosting! We expressed our vision to Amy and she was very receptive and took detailed notes. We saw a photo on the web of some decorations that we wanted. Our cake was simple so the few decorations we wanted had to be done perfectly. She executed our vision to perfection. Our cake was visually stunning and exactly what we had in mind. The guests loved the taste! I believe if you send her the professional photograph of the cake they send you a small cake on your first anniversary, compliments of the pastry chef!UPDATE: after posting this review, Amy, the owner, called me directly and expressed concern about the service we received. She asked for an opportunity to show us how their customer service usually is and offered us a discount. We did not cancel our appointment and after a really pleasant and delicious tasting experience (the mocha cake with the raspberry filling, omg) we did decide to book with them. We really appreciated their prompt attention to our issue and, as I said in the previous review, their cakes really are delicious. 
Tried their cake at a food festival and it was delicious. I'm getting married and I wanted to get some sheet cakes from them for the wedding. I called ahead to set up a tasting, and they told me that wouldn't be necessary, and that if I showed up at the bakery at least 30 minutes before close, I'd be able to taste the cakes I wanted to taste. So I left work early, drove an hour across town in rush hour traffic, arrived an hour before close, and they told me they were out of samples, but I could schedule a formal tasting. WHICH IS WHY I CALLED AHEAD 3 WEEKS AGO. There is absolutely no excuse for that. To add insult to injury, they took 20 minutes to get someone to come up from the back and pencil us in. 
I will be canceling my tasting appointment. I'm not doing business with anyone who has so little regard for my time.The BEST scones!!! Sometimes can be a little pricey but what cafe isn't. The coffee and chai latte are great as well and if you get iced coffee the ice is made of coffee as well. So unique! Great place to sit and dine with friends!You have to try the s'more like cupcakes.  I can't remember what they are called, but they have the best cloud (like custard shape) of a chocolate shell filled with white cream.  Man, they are goooooood.  Lemon bars and pecan bars are great too, though I'm not a fan of either of those usually.EXTREMELY disappointed.
Purchased a Key Lime Pie for dinner at friends.
Our guests had requested key lime or lemon meringue - so when I saw this Keylime with Meringue - I purchased it - even though it was small and and had no height over the pan.
Cutting into it, I could tell it was old. The meringue was sticky and hard. As well as runny where the meringue met the key lime custard.
Even worse, the entire pie was entirely TOO sweet. The meringue had a granulated sugar texture and the key lime didn't have the slightest hint of tartness.
At $26 for an 8 inch pie that was one inch high .... never again.
Sorry, Night Kitchen, you lost my business.Well, whaddya know -- a friend of mine began working here, and as such I've had many more opportunities to try everything and every bit of it is super yummy.  Seriously.  Scones savory and sweet, cakes, tarts, cookies, pies, breakfast burrito, all sort of chocolate things . . . I have to confess that I call my friend all the time now, just to see if she needs a ride home from work.
I can't really comment on the service since my friend is always awesome to me, but the transactions I've witnessed have been completely professional, and my friend has great respect for her co-workers, if that tells you anything.I simply love this place. When I worked in the city, I would purposely go out of my way when driving home just to try something new.  Their lemon bars and brownies are to die for.I ordered two birthday cakes two months ago, carrot cake and chocolate with raspberry filling. Best cakes we ever had. Everyone loved them. Old and young. Pumpkin pie @ thanksgiving was a disappointment . Crust was thick and tasteless. Filling was ok but had no spice it looked nice but I've had better from the grocer's freezer.Just attended a bridal shower with a cake made by this bakery.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!  I consider myself a bit of a cake snob, and every pie/cake/treat that my family has purchased from this bakery has been delicious.  I absolutely suggest checking this place out!I am so amazed at what this bakery can make with their cakes! My mom has bought birthday cakes from here and I have also bought a cake here for my girlfriends birthday. I sent them a picture of hello kitty and they made the exact cake I asked for red velvet and butter cream and it came out just as amazing as it sounded! I will always use this bakery for their epic cakes for my family and special birthdays5 stars for the red velvet cake cupcakes.
4 stars for the enormous snickerdoodle cookies and the beautiful cakes in the window.
3 stars for the vanilla cupcakes (and their bland icing) and cheesecake tarts.
2 stars for charging $3.50 for a single cupcake.
Mathematically, it all works out to 4 stars because of the sheer number of red velvet cupcakes I have consumed and will consume from here. They are that delicious.SO I purchased my Daughter's sweet sixteen cake from here, and I have my likes and dislikes on this bakery. The cake was alil highly priced, but it was beautiful !!!It was a two layer cake with fondant. The bottom layer was yellow cake with chocolate chip and butter cream, I amongst all my guest at my daughters party were very upset with it, it was very dry. Now the second layer I did cut and taste, and that was chocolate with butter cream, now that layer was delicious, but no one wanted to taste that layer after their disappointment with the bottom layer!!! Their not consistent with their batters, I just feel for the price of the cake it should of melted in my mouth and I was dissatisfied with it eating and tasting wise, but for appearance they did a GREAT JOB !! I probably won't be buying another cake form here, because I would worry if it is gone to taste good !!! As for my Daughter she loved the appearance but wouldn't even eat the cake after having tasted the first piece , I wound up trashing it !!!Just moved to the area, and tried this place 3 times, and they have amazing pastries.. Cookies are delicious, cakes are yummy too! Can't wait for my birthday, so I can order a while cake from here..Meh!  Drove all the way to Chestnut Hill so I felt like I needed to justify the waste of time driving there. When we arrived there wasn't much of a selection on a late Sunday morning. I think there were two cakes in the case and some cupcakes/muffins and cookies. We picked a cake that was pretty cute. It was labeled as being half chocolate and half vanilla with cream cheese icing. It was $32 and maybe six inch round and two layers. Again, we purchased something to justify the drive. When we got home and cut into it it was actually one layer of vanilla and the bottom was carrot cake!  The frosting tasted more buttery, but not a buttercream type flavor, and the consistency was like room temp soften butter. It tasted nothing like cream cheese frosting. The vanilla was very basic. We were pleasantly surprised that the carrot cake was the best part. We ended up throwing out the cake after we tasted it. I give the place one star because I can't give zero and the cakes are beautiful looking on their IG profile.Purchased 13 dozen miniature cupcakes to display on a five tier cupcake tree being used for a wedding reception. Cupcakes were not only delicious but each was a work of art!
Beautiful designs, flowers made of buttercream frosting. The cupcakes were the talk of the wedding. Highly recommend Night Kitchen.
PRSI want to love this place.  The name is so cool, the location is good for parking, and it's a Mt.Airy/Chestnut Hill institution.
Alas, the cupcakes were disappointing, and the staff made me feel like I was inconveniencing them.Wonderful food, delicious desserts, great atmosphere, great service, and they make a great effort to be Green. One of my favorite places in Philadelphia.Stopped in today on a recommendation. My service was prompt and friendly - the woman behind the counter took the time to review all the toppings on their gourmet pizza, and made sure to let me know it would take 8 minutes to heat it up. A-ok, since I was in no rush. So a slice and a cup of their iced coffee. I was a little confused when she passed me a cup full of frozen-coffee cubes, but in less than the time it took for me to receive my heated slice, I figured out that liquid coffee was available at the self serve station (clearly i needed the caffeine) with the rest of the coffee dressings. My slice came out and the barista?/waitress? offered me utensils and a napkin then left me to enjoy.
The space was very comfortable (cushioned benches!) and several groups of women were there chatting and having lunch. I refilled my beautiful undiluted coffee to go and will definitely be stopping in again next time I'm in the neighborhood to try something sweet.