Today 25Sep14, I decided tryout Casa Brazil. We got there @ 11:30am, and I think the food was good and the lady was very nice. I like ribs that was stewed in some sauce. However, I gave this place a lower score because we had to wait for the bbq, when it was us and another party. Also, I guess he wasn't too happy because I asked about the bbq after being ignored for 15 mins. I believe the server Fernando was too busy entertaining his friends. So in return, when he served us the bbq, it was over done and slightly burnt. I asked for medium, and he said no. There were some pieces that I tried that wasn't over cooked and tasted good & seasoned right. All I can say is that I think the food is good if I got the right cuts. The server Fernando, I would definitely void. I would recommend drink the passion fruit with your meal. They can also expand on their variety of meats.  Most likely I will not be going back and taking my business to Fogo De Chao.Taste of Brazil was a fun experience. Friendly service and decent decor. The "salad bar" boasts plenty of options for starters. The brisket and garlic steak weren't as tender as my friends and I would've liked but the sirloin was perfect. The roast chicken was very tender/practically fall off the bone but a little on the salty side. Try the mousse for dessert. The chocolate and lemon ones are delicious.I had an incredible experience at Taste of Brazil! Not only was the food amazing and delicious, the service was even more impressive--everyone was extraordinarily kind and attentive and genuinely seemed happy to be there! I can't say enough great things about their meat selection, service, and desserts! We will definitely be back!There was a good variety of food offered at Casa Brazil. Unfortunately, most of it tasted the same to me. The steaks were cooked perfectly though, I have to give them credit for that. The sirloin steak was our favorite. Next time I'll skip the unlimited option and just get the sirloin instead.Wanted to write this while it was still fresh in my mind. I have a thing for Brazilian steakhouses and had just went to a local churrascaria while in Orlando on vacation and loved it, and was drawn to this place by a Groupon, and so it was a no brainer making the purchase. Upon walking in it was a little disorienting , it's a very small but open space with minimal space between the tables settings. The gentlemen at the register were very nice even with a bit of a language barrier. At first I couldn't really understand how the process worked,  but eventually we discovered that you seat yourselves, get your own plates for the sides, but your drinks and the smaller plates that you use for the rodizio are given to you by the servers. After we sat down was the start of a very disappointing night. Relative to the restaurant size it was crowded but that didn't equate to many people and from the looks of things it was about half rodizio customers and half regular dining customers, but we ended up waiting a little while before someone came over to us to give us our plates , but that still wasn't my main issue. Once we got our rodizio plates, we got 2 different types of meat before we noticed a significant increase in wait time. Then about 2 more cuts of meat came out. After that we noticed that the gentlemen serving the meats would walk right past us on their way out of the kitchen with no rhyme or reason (mind you, we were at the second table out of the kitchen, right in front of the entrance doors) and also on their way back in. The first two times I didn't really think anything of it. Then it happened at least five more times after that that I can actually remember. I actually had to stop one of them on their way right past us just to get service. I noticed people were getting service before us that had tons of stuff already on their plate which contributed to my disappointment. I'd really like to only give 2 and a half stars if I could but the overall taste of the food we were able to get  and like I said the courtesy of the staff at the register made me want to go up rather than round down. I'm not sure if we didn't come at a good time or what but I don't think I'll be going back to find out. Good thing it was a Groupon because I don't think I would have gotten my money's worth if I'd paid full price. I'll be sticking to Picanha and Fogo/Chima .We came here last night. The staffs were nice and welcoming... the food was ok..nothing special comparing to other Brazilian places that we have been. 
But the thing disappointed me the most is..they stop serving while we were eating. I had to grab the waitor to ask him for more food. And some other waitor took our plate away. They were in the rush to kick us out.
We will not come back to this place.Dry rice. Good chicken. Don't know the names of anything from buffet, but going by looks, the yellow ish tinted chicken was yummy. Sausage was good and crisp. Nice snap to it. Sirloin steak, well done, does the job to satisfy the craving. A tad bit dry. Downside: can't take buffet home if you sit and eat.Groupon bought me and my family here, very good meal and well worth the price even without a Groupon. Cuts of meat were all very good and well seasoned. Also the salad bar had lots of choices and some really good items like shrimp mango salad, plantains, cod salad and a whole lot more! It's not on the same level as a Fogo or Chima but the cost is well below both of those paces and is still a great meal. The whole staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, couldn't have been nice people. We will definitely be returning with or without a Groupon!Food was terrible, waitress was dishonest, unplesant experienceOne of the best brazilian steakhouse meals ive had in a long long time..the chicken..pork..and steak were all very well seasoned and juicy.and at a incredibly reasonable priceI will not deny that the food is decent. The meats are well seasoned and flavorful (although should pork sausages be that pink?), and there are many tasty, healthy offerings on the salad bar.
The service is sporadic. They probably asked us three times how we were doing, but took forever to bring food or drinks.
Dessert. Oh, dessert. Flan or mousse? Both sounded delightful.
..... flan should not have flour in it. It was a cake. A flan-flavored cake. A flake?
Mousse? A light and aerated adult chocolate delight? Nope. A pudding cup. With whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Not artisanal additions. Redi-whip and Hershey's drizzle. Where was the vodka when you needed it?
Reasonably priced. Don't expect frills.The staff here is exceptional. Food is decent too. Doesn't necessarily hold to other Brazilian spots I've been to, but it was a good effort. Definitely worth the Groupon price, not sure if it's worth it for the full price.The service and food were amazing. We already have plans to bring family here when they visit. Everyone was really nice and the dessert was great too!I went here with my girlfriend and one of the workers was flirting and trying to pick up my sexy brazillian girlfriend when I was in the bathroom.  Very disrespectful , also they include tip as part of the price.
Do yourself a favor and drive a block or two away and go to Picahna on Castor avenue.  Much better food for the same price.We went there just out of curiosity and turned out really enjoying the experience.  The service was second to none. The food was great I like my meat well done and they ask what's your preference when you're seated. Then when I started getting full from all the meat they kept bringing to the table I realized that I hadn't had the chicken hearts. So I asked and they were more than pleased to accommodate my request. I'd recommend this place to anyone. Very casual and not expensive but good quality. I'll be back for sure!!!It wasn't busy when we visited Casa Brazil on a Sunday evening. We did not realize until we arrived that it is BYOB but luckily there is a deli a few doors down that sells beer. The hostess was extremely nice and friendly as well as the other workers that were about. There were two TV screens playing, one was showing a soccer game (the louder of the 2 TVs) and the other side was The Matrix. The seating are small tables of about 4 but can be pushed together for bigger parties, I assume. 
We were offered openers for wine and beer and also served water. The water had to be the biggest complaint since there were particles floating at the top. We later informed them of this but our waters were never replaced, maybe because we were at the end of our meal. The buffet was decent. Really great cheesy lasagna and I loved the beans and their rice. There is also a salad bar. The meat that were out were kinda dry, I would suggest going up for the ones on skewers. If you are going for the meat skewers, I recommend the chicken hearts! They are my favorite. The meats were also nice and juicy, including the chicken. I didn't think they were overseasoned, either. 
I'm not sure how this method of going up to the server to get the meat vs them going to your table works when it is very busy, but it is definitely less stressful than having lots of servers with skewers running to your table when your card is flipped to green. We took some desserts to go, including my favorites tiramisu and tres leches. Both were very good. We will definitely be visiting again. It is very affordable and the service is nice.After spending time at a museum we went here for dinner. It's in a strip mall about 25 minutes outside of Center City. The place is small. They have a salad bar with sides that you can choose and they bring meats on large skewers around to the tables and slice off portions for you. I'm not sure how they season the food but Brazilian meats are always delicious. The staff here was helpful, although the waiters are a little slow to assist you. We had a Groupon so it was a good deal. We will be back. There is street parking along with parking around back.Great deal on some decent rodizio The meat was cooked and seasoned nicely, and everything I had from the buffet was tasty. They do charge extra if you want someone to come to your table with the meat, I think it's a $3 upcharge. You don't get the variety/quality of service that you would at some of the more upscale Brazilian BBQ places in the city, but for the price, it can't be beat!My husband is Brazilian so when we found Casa Brazil, we knew we had to try it! $14 for all you can eat is a steal compared to other Brazilian steakhouses in the area. 
There is a Yelp deal but you have to print it off to redeem it. We had our deal on the phone and were told we couldn't use it. It wasn't a big deal because we will be back.
The environment is quiet, which is unusual if you have ever been around a group of Brazilians (; but it was nice. The place was empty when we walked in but people started coming and soon almost all the tables were filled!
The meat is delicious (and I'm not a big meat eater)! They definitely give you a big helping every time.Great, beef, chicken,  pork and more all bbqFantastic service. Attentive servers. Cuts of meat are superb and tasty. All around recommend!Solid, cheap & quick brazilian food. Choose from buffet or food-by-weight (comida de kilo). Rice, beans and rest of sides are a bit better than the meat, which won't compare to some of the nicer places.
Overall a quality deal.So I drove by this place last week and rushed home and looked it up on yelp. We went and it was amazing!  The person who seated us had to find a young man who spoke English to explain what was going on there. He sat us down, it was clean, cloth on the tables. We got the all you can eat for $20. It was just as good as other Brazilian steakhouses we have gone to but at a reasonable price. The young man waiting on us was attentive and gave us great service. They were always n the floor with at least two kinds of meat slicing for us. When I asked for more of the brisket they went and got me more. I cannot recommend this place enough . They only have canned and bottled drinks.Really low key Brazilian bbq.  BYOB which is a huge plus.  Not nearly as pretentious as some of the other "high end" places in center city.  Meat selection was a little less than the big names, but everything tasted great.  Waiters were helpful and friendly.  Buffet for apps/sides was also pretty good.  Amazing collard greens!  Also, this place is a LOT  more family friendly than any ive been to.  I would definitely recommend.  Very good experience.The remodel this place .it look great . The food still delicious, the. Service is good . Oh it's closer to my house too, that's a pus .Honestly a great spot. This is not like Chima or Texas De Brazil, it's more of a working class steakhouse lol but still good. The Decour is not very fancy but the food is good and it is super affordable. I was skeptical at first based on how affordable it is, but it was good. I got a groupon: 2 for $30, all you can eat. They serve bacon wrapped chicken, sausage, and sirloin that comes around in sticks, and there is a buffet style area with lots of other stuff. AI'll be back.This place is amazing. Second time here and the food keeps me coming back. My wife loves the beans and rice. You guys rock.Amazing food; nice welcoming staff; buffet vs. by the pound. Do not miss out on the steak! :)By far the best home made food ever !! Omg it was so delicious, will be coming back very soon! Thank you so much for making my birthday amazingMy fiancé and I went here for the first time tonight.  We were greeted by a very nice waiter as soon as we walked in.  Noting that my fiancé is blind-Atner went above and beyond to accommodate him.  He guided him to the buffet, told him everything that was available, and loaded up a plate for him.  He even went and got him seconds and checked on us frequently.  The food was great and priced right.  We will definitely return.  The only slight drawback was the parking lot being very crowded as it is shared with several other businesses.This is the best steakhouse around a lot better than fogo de chao!!! The food is amazing the service is fantastic I recomend it to any meat lover! Make sure to try flan ! The whole experience was super! They were on top of our needs and recomended various foods to us. It was our first time in a place like this.Be sure to go on an empty stomach!My favorite Brazilian steak house 
First of all the staff are really friendly 
food is ok
But I love the Atmosphere
I am here at least once a weekMuito bom!  Late weekday lunch ($14.99), friendly greeting and the "just off the grill" skewers
flowed with brisket, several steak varieties and meaty succulent pork ribs.  Meat quality and preparation exceptional.  The first slice is usually well done and more seasoned; I wait for the second slice - more tender, juicy medium rare.  (Or enjoy both!)  Simple decor and immaculate.
Bring your own Caipirinha!
My ONLY complaint: 
Por favor, abra -  closer to Center City!  (Taste of Brazil havs 3 metro NYC)-I came here for the all you can eat meat rodizio style. The meats were cooked way too well done for my taste except for a select few that were kind of moist like the prime rib (?). The variety of juices is good (mango, pineapple, passionfruit, guava, etc) and some of the "get it yourself" stuff at the bar is decent. Although, some were overlooked. Knowing what I know, I would not go back except for that one type of steak that I think was prime rib and for the juicesOne word to describe this place AMAZING !!! I had my birthday dinner here this past Saturday and staff was amazingly friendly and food was amazing.  It was a great experience I would definitely return in the future and will recommend this place to All.  If anyone is thinking about trying this place out, Do it !  You won't be disappointed!not in the normal path, but pretty decent buffet - we'd (4) go back.  Service is great, but be ready to use translator on ur iphoneGreat staff and friendly attitude. Their meat and salad bar is always tasty. Never leave this place hungry and always extremely satisfied. Always a great bargain.This is amazing place. We were unsure of it because of the size compared to other places but trust me when I say go here. The food is amazing. I'm not a big chicken person but even their chicken had me eating it more than I usually do. My girlfriend doesn't like steak but they got her to eat steak 4 times. Willingly too! That's speaks volumes. 
Garlic steak and flank steak were the 2 best IMO. I will be coming back here often. They are about 45 mins from me but it is worth the trip. 
My gf and I went here for our anniversary dinner. We were going to go somewhere else more "fancy" but I wouldn't change our experience for anything. Thank you to the friendly staff and great food.Food is okay. Not the best. If you dont catch them right when they serve fresh food it will be cold. Also the meats have too much fat. They weigh everything so fat counts. Food flavor is not consistent.Nice family ambience, great service. It is a good place to go if you are starving, they have good cuts of meat, but too salty, they need to reduce the amount of sodium!The stand alone buffet is pretty good with several offerings that stand out. The freshlu cooked meats are wonderful, just what I would expect from a Brazilian steakhouse. Even the chicken was good, especially the garlic chicken. Service was spot on as usual from this restaurant, which means a lot as it was a busy Saturday night. I wish the sodas were fountain sodas but that is not a big thing. If I were to improve the place I would only change the lighting to make it softer and warmer. I will continue to dine here without question.$15 for AYCE brazilian bbq? How can you not?
Of course this place is not going to be on par with Fogo and Chima, but how can anyone (ridiculously) expect that for $15? 
They have a variety of meat, ranging from chicken, beef, pork, etc. You don't really get a choice of what level you want your meat cooked, but again, $15 unlimited, so I can't complain. Also, you have to get the meat yourself, unless you want to pay extra for them to come to your table. It might be worth it to pay extra on busy days or you might find yourself waiting hungrily in line for a while.
They also have side dishes on buffet display as well, like fries & rice.Went back for a second visit, and this time, with a larger group (5 of us).  4 of us did the buffet & rodizio at $20/person, which is very reasonable.  One of our party was a vegetarian, so she did just the buffet, and we paid by the pound for her meal, which was even more reasonable.  The meats on the 2nd visit were all very good - sirloin, top sirloin, chicken w/bacon, and sausage.  The foods on the buffet were also very good (okra, collard greens, yucca flour, plantains, black beans, pinto beans, rice, etc.....)  As we were leaving, though, I noticed a few groups where they had the buffet as well as the rodizio meats, but they seemed to be doing the pay by the pound option.  That may be the really best option of all - selecting a few of the rodizio meats, along with the buffet items, and then paying by the pound (I believe its was $7/pound).  Next time, that may be what we'll need to try.Great place. Great food. Great service by our waiter Rafael. Great price. Used a groupon. Great value. Will be back. Casual and quick dining. The mango and piña juice is amazing. Very enjoyable dining experience.This is the first time for me to try Brazilian steakhouse, and i loved it. The food was good, the service also excellent. The place doesn't look to inviting though but when ur inside, they all so friendly and accomodate whatever you want. Attentive server and the meat guys also keep coming with their different of meats. It was a very nice experience for the first timer. Thank you guys. Will be back for sure.I didn't like eating here, beef is not good and the food. Very expensive and they add tip in your bill. I recommend the other Brazilian restaurant Picanha grill at castor Avenue. The best Brazilian food in the area. 
Não gostei desse restaurante, caro e tem que pagar gorjeta por uma comida que não é boa, o churrasco nao é bom. Prefiro mil vezes o restaurante Picanha grill que fica na Castor Avenue.Always come here and today after checking in to see if they were open after having work done my girlfriend and I were invited to attend the grand reopening by the owner very nice of him...the new layout is very nice food also still taste as good as always...So their website kind of lies. But not in a bad way. The all-you-can-eat buffet (including BBQ) is 13.99, and not 17.99 as stated. Only 9.99 if you forgo the BBQ. Be warned, it's not rodizio-style where they waltz around bringing meat to you in funny pirate pants. You have to get up off your lazy ass and walk up to the guy manning the grill. Also, the atmosphere is not what you would call classy, but it's casual, clean, and comfortable. Plus, the people who work here are super friendly. 
Accordingly, the food is tasty and unpretentious. The items offered at the buffet are not fussy or overdone, they're like homemade Brazilian comfort food. This place is unlike the heavily-orchestrated high-end rodizio restaurants, and it seems really authentic and genuine. And the BBQ, while slightly on the salty side, is totally delicious. The flavoring is pretty similar to that at high-end rodizio places, which also tend to be on the salty side, but without the absurd price tag. In my opinion, the price difference is worth more than the quality difference, and the lower price means you don't feel the need to stuff yourself to death to get your money's worth. They also offer a variety of delicious Brazilian sodas and juices like mango, passionfruit, and what I think was cupuaçu juice (the lady didn't know the English name for the Brazilian fruit).
As an added bonus, they have live Brazilian music on Saturday nights. Pretty awesome.The 4 stars are based on the good service, friendliness of the staff and of course good food. So why not 5 stars? The food is good, but not excellent. 
It is definitely better than picahna both the food and the price. 
I recommend this place, you must give it a tryCelebrated my 61st Birthday here with my family since I have had a craving for rodizzio, and craving satisfied!
Come my gout and hypertension. 
I love my meats.This place is great!!! Atmosphere is super friendly and they go out of their way to treat you graciously and make you comfortable in English and Spanish. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious!! The guava juice is amazing if you like guava I'd definitely recommend it.First time here.. party of 7. Had a groupon for 4. The food and meats were delicious. The staff super friendly, my mom kept asking for more meat and the staff were gracious enough to humor her. Mom is a bit picky and she loved this place. A bit of a drive for us but worth it. Will definitely come back .Foods great and very fresh. Service takes forever but the DJ and karaoke will keep you entertained while you wait!By far the best home made food ever !! Omg it was so delicious, will be coming back very soon! Thank you so much for making my birthday amazing  go on Groupon for a discount!Not too bad. Wasn't sure what to expect from this place. Met a few friends here for a get together. Was pleasantly surprised. A decent variety of foods. Some very good, others not so much. Catch anything as it comes right out and you're fine. However, some of the side dishes sit in the heating trays too long, drying them out and over cooking them. But the steak, chicken and such were all nicely cooked.
Please be aware, the prices are a bit on the high side. But I felt it was worth it to try something a little different. Worth a shot, if just for the fresh steak they had.Where do I start the food was bland and all the meat was extremely dry.  Deserts were tasty but overpriced.  $ 2 can sodas sugar tax fuck I guess but how much sugar tx can u get out of can sodas.  Too too many flies in the dining room.  The chicken haearts were the highlight.  Dog food is the best way to describe this place.  To be fair I have eaten from the take out and the food was fresh perhaps they feed the old stuff to the buffet patrons.  Highly dissappointed. Edgar colon. PhiladelphiaI was not impressed with this place. Purchased a Groupon for $37.00, it included 2 drinks, 2 buffets and 2 desserts. Walking in there is a sign that says All You Can Eat buffet for $14.99.  (Granted this was a lunch special available M-F 11a-5p)  We were there during those hours so it felt like we didn't really get a "deal".  I inquired what was the difference between the advertised price and groupon price and he basically said that I could not use the Groupon spruce during lunch? Huh? I said it did not say that on the groupon and he said he would allow me to use it. 
The salad bar was a thumbs down. U dercooked pasta salad and cold  appetizers that should have been warm. 
We had to ask for the meats to start coming.  Once the meats started coming the experience was a little bit better. Overall I would rather there service 2.5 our of five.  On the groupon it said dessert included however if you wanted cheesecake or tres leches cake there was a $1.00 up charge. They advertised chocolate flan but it was chocolate fudge.  
Likelihood of coming back is 0 out of 10.A group of 11 of us went to Casa Brazil last night to celebrate a 50th birthday. We were not disappointed!
First, the service: from the moment we walked in, the staff was friendly, attentive and flexible. When we asked for a table re-arrangement, they very kindly did so.
All during the meal, the waitress was attentive to our table, asking if we needed more water, soda, or more of the wine and beer we brought with us.
Second, the food: delicious. Great food for a great price. The buffet was full. The rice, beans, fried bananas and vegetables were great. The meats were tasty--if just a tad salty as another reviewer commented.
The beef brought to the table was terrific. 
Lastly, we took our time to celebrate the occasion, and the staff did not make us feel rushed at all. 
Truly a great experience.The steak melted in your mouth. Amazing! The atmosphere was clean but cheap. Angel and I agree the steak, particularly the top sirloin, was better than fogo de chao ... Yes, better! Pay $50 a plate there or at chima and be treated like royalty. Or go here for $25 a plate (or less if you walk up to get your meat) and enjoy the same food while keeping your budget.Purchased a Groupon and it was worth it for the Groupon price. Top sirloin and garlic sirloin were the best cuts of meat available. They definitely updated the dining area from a few years ago. The selections of sides was good (had the black beans, rice, yucca, and lasagna). I would go when it's just about to be busy so that the meat rotation come around a bit more frequently. But when it gets too busy, you can get forgotten (e.g. I asked for another soda, knowing it was extra, but never got it. Although probably saved a few bucks from it.)  Their flan is a MUST HAVE. It's very delicious and has the right amount of richness. We also did take out and it's  $12.99 per pound which is a bit more expensive than Picanha on Castor Ave. But the buffet here costs less than Picanha at $19.99 vs. Picanha at $25+. So it balances out.
Overall, I'd definitely come back for dinner.I came here for lunch with my boyfriend. It's 14.99 for lunch and dinner. I rather much enjoyed myself. I always go to Fogo and Chima for rodizio but I wanted to give this place a try since it was 5 minutes from my boyfriend's house. This place is really homey and casual. The buffet had a wide range of food which all tasted authentic and delicious. They had two different rice, beans, something like gnocchi in meat sauce, potatoes, fish, fried plantains, chicken wings, and many other authentic dishes. The salad bar was also filled with leafy greens, steamed vegetables, chickpea salads among others, fruits and other pickled condiments. Finally they had various cuts of meat from top sirloin, garlic steak, flank, brisket, ribs, sausages, chicken and more. All the meats were very tasty. The only thing is I didn't like the way they sliced the meat, it was super thin and irregular leaving only the charred piece and no medium rare to enjoy. One great thing is they chat their meats over charcoal which gives the meat a smokey delicious flavor. I enjoyed everything and think it's a great price for the portion of food they served. We also tried their fresh passion fruit juice which was refreshing and their tres leche dessert which was sweet and custardy. The service was great, the food was abundant and the meats were tasty. I would definitely come back. Give it a try!We came here on a Saturday night for dinner and were pleasantly surprised!! Taste of Brazil definitely exceeded our expectations from start to finish! The place was filled with locals and has a super authentic feel to it. Meats were coming out of the kitchen fresh all night (and they offered a variety of cuts and levels of completion). They offered a variety of sausages, steaks, and even chicken hearts (which were so tender btw). The buffet was pretty standard but I did especially enjoy the collard greens, plantains, and rice and beans. The staff was attentive and friendly and answered all of our questions throughout our meal! I don't know that I'd come here for a romantic evening but I'll certainly be back for the yummy eats!!!Fresh  and interesting salad bar, delicious and plentiful high quality grilled meats, and the most lovely and attentive staff . Very casual  establishment but that's fine for me. I'll definitely be returning.I'm a little disappointed... arrived around 2:30 on Sunday for the Rodizio.  After 15 minutes or so they ran out of cheese biscuits and collard greens.  The spit fired pineapple was only served to 1 table before they ran out. 
The vegetable table was adequate and the chicken was overdone   Some cuts of steak were tasty. I don't believe we'll return even though they gave us a $20 gift certificate. However the service was awesome!It's good just sometimes I've gotten dry meets but overall all good food they are always busy but really friendly staffThey charge you for water the meat is not the greatest they talk about tastes what tastes not coming back sorry I spend a lot of money on food but this place is not work the money 60 for two people o wait the charged us a service feeNot fancy, but good!
I already went to other Brazilian places to eat before like Fogo De Chao and Nabrasa so I already had an idea of what kind of food I would be eating. So me and my wife decided to give this place a try. When we first saw the place we were not impressed with the decor. It looks like just a run down place to be honest, but the food was good. The workers were friendly and helpful. The food was fresh and hot. Definitely worth the bargain if you want a cheaper version of the fancy Brazilian places to eat. We would go back again for sure. We paid for the both of us for the salad bar and meat buffet with two drinks (bottled water and a coke) $40.00 with the tip included. Not a bad price and we left stuffed.I was in the mood for a meal consisting mostly of meat so I decided to stop in since I've wanted to try their food since they opened. Prices were not as posted, service was horrible, they charge extra for meat off the barbecue and only give you one small piece is each. And when I say small, the piece of chicken was about 2 1/2 inches! And mostly everything was overcooked and very dry. I will never eat here again.A friend of my husband  recommend this place to us. . I really did not enjoy myself.  Customer service and the food was not what I expected the place is so bright!  Not planning to go backThe food was very tasty, I enjoyed everything I ate. It was my friend's first time eating Brazilian food and he loved it but he didn't know to pace himself with the salads and rice at the buffett. I paced myself as I didn't want my belly to explode from fullness. A few meats came out sirloin, top sirloin, chunk a garlic beef, brisket, and the most delicious chicken legs and wings. The waiter then asked if we wanted anything else.. Was that it? For some reason I thought there would be lamb chops, leg of lamb, salmon and sausage like the other place but it was very tasty. I also liked the plaintains and fried yucca. The mango juice was interesting and good. If I critique anything for improvement .. I think we liked the chicken legs the best, very juicy, but even though we had our lil coin flipped it seemed to take forever to get any meat. It was probably 10-15 minutes to get chicken legs and no other meats came out during that time. It was not busy at all, just us and another couple. It was a nice pace, I am not overly full, mostly cause they take a lil too long to come around, I got tired from sitting so long. I did enjoy the food though the service needs improvement.. And I wish the plaintains were hot with some sauce on it but everything was still very good with the Living social coupon.Certainly not as elegant as Fogo or Chima (by a long shot) and at $16 (10 for just the ample buffet) the rodizio experience is, IMO, better.  As to value, there is no contest. 
Meat was far more flavorful (thanks to charcoal and not gas) and tender.   The silly red/green puck schtick is replaced by an attentive chef/server who recognizes when your table stops chewing and brings another sword of delightful meat. He also knows how you like your meat after the first serving, so you are not constantly educating a "gaucho" that you like a little crispy crust, and the rest blood rare.  Picanha and rib eye are the winners, but chicken, pork ribs and the (not too garlicky) linguica sausage are also delightful.
Staff is charming and friendly, and you NEVER feel like you are being ignored, or "having your pace slowed down" because you are eating like a starved glutton.  You pretty much have to force the issue that you cannot eat another bite.
Many of the locals were just there for the buffet at lunch, and if it were not for the temptation of the meats, it would be a great bargain in itself.  The buffet is constantly replenished, and the contents are authentic, fresh and flavorful.
The place, while spartan, is VERY clean.  I consider it a notch above the nearby Picanha grill in many respects. We will absolutely return as often as my cholesterol level will allow.Good bang for your buck. Would help if I spoke Portuguese but I don't. Just make sure you tell them what you want and how much. If they stop slicing then nicely ask for more. Not really worth paying for them to come to the table. I'd rather go to the pit instead of waiting for someone to come to me. It's not the fanciest place in town,but for a good meal and byob, 14.99 buffet of Brazilian style bbq is a steal. You don't get the service of Chimas and other high end places but they cook the same type of meat for a quarter of the price. Also the puddings and passion fruit drinks are awesome. I wouldn't bring small kids because kids suck. Lol but if you have to it's okay. They do have high chairsI used to come to this place like 2 times a week, but this year they have increased the price 3 times already. I mean it is churrasco, but in north philly come on. Place is not fancy. In my latest visit I saw they add the tip in your bill too. Food is good, but not excellent. I lived in Brasil, so I know Brazilian food. I just liked this place because it is on my way to work. Well, the good thing is that there are other options in the same area. I won't be coming here anymore. BTW, buffet is 20 dollars now. I saw some reviews that said 14,99 that was like 2 months ago ...Good food and good service. Definitely not a place for you to take your first date (due to ambiance) but it is authentic and delicious. I used a Groupon which was well worth it. I would come back again.I went here for a birthday and couldn't be happier or more full. Service was outstanding and so was there leche type thingy. In the beginning they will start with sausage,chicken, and other cheaper meats. I usually skip these because I'm not a fan, but the picana and this other rib-eyelooking thang were ooooo soo bad(bad in a good way). Ok, I have to end it here- all this talk about food has made me hungry. Only if there were an affordable place like this in Gaithersburg, MD.I love this place, you get good quality meat and food. The staff is great.if you want to have a good dinner, just come here. Its great for steak lovers.Yep. Gave it another try.  Don't bother with the place.  Service sucks.  Unless you know exactly what to ask for, preferably in Portuguese, even forgoing the table service is not a good option.  Left me feeling like I was an inconvenience to them, that they didn't want me around.  No worries. Problem solved.The food here is good! However they need to get organized I went there with my husband today 07/22/18 and it was pretty full in there however we didn't have to wait in the line. The problem with this place is that we sat down and someone came and asked us to get up because the table was already taken, mind you that there was no sign on the table or anyone's belonging on it!!! After we started eating the server asked us to get up we waited about 5 minutes with our plates in our hands for a table while the same person served other people their drinks while we were waiting. Therefore our food got cold and we left. Not to mention the the sign in front of the the store also said to "sit yourself.." This is crazyIf looking for ambiance, not the place. If looking for well seasoned and flavorful food. This is your place. Only down side was that side dishes were minimal due to it being close to the end of the night, however, the meats were flowing and plentiful. Owner present and constantly checking on diners, assisting servers when needed.Bang for the buck! 
I am just speaking on pure value
$14.99  AYCE?
compared to the other places around the city at more like $35+
Pure utlity. 
If you want ambience, then yeah, center city or the expensive places are nicer.
But if you are all about the protein and decent side dishes that won't be offensive.
VERY VERY GOOD.
I took a crew of 15 employees here for a end of summer meat fest. 
We had a great time.  
Tips for enjoying a good time here
1. wear elastic pants.
2. when the meat you like comes to your table, stock up on it.  because it takes a long time for the same one to come back.
meats you should focus on 
Sirlion and Short Rib.
These are expensive beef cuts, (well the short rib is)  so they wont be very compliant about bringing it back for the second round, so you need to hammer away the first time. 
Even at the market price for short ribs,  you would need to eat 2 or 3 lbs of meat to break the bank.  And I guess its possible, but kind of disgusting. 
Other meats that were good
Chicken hearts.  tender, juicy.  enjoyable
garlic chicken.
Some of the meats are saltier, but just eat some rice or potato to balance it out. 
They have some nice red beans (kind of like mexican or habichuela) and also frijoles with pork in the steam table.  Yucca, Yams, brocolli, bbq sauced chicken wings, 
Like I said, decent enough stuff and ruffage to bring some variety into the meal.  I mean who eats just meat and doesnt expect to be constipated in the morning?
beverages:  Guave juice had the best flavor.  mango juice was a little watered down. 
IT IS BYOB.. so if were not going go kart racing afterwards, we would have brought a cooler of beer to enjoy as well. 
Girls working here are pleasant.  No speakie english so good, but hey, they are actually brazilian.  I could hear them speaking Portuguese to each other. 
They actually have a pay and weigh system, and seemed to be doing good business with people zipping in and grabbing some stuff to go.  
Off street parking in the back, with a back entrance too. 
Snobs who are looking for fogo or whatever, go back 50 bucks a person with drinks, tax and tip.   People who are looking for pure meat fest.. this is a good bet.