Just visited The Fat Ham with my girlfriend about an hour ago. The place is small, but the vibe is nice. Music isn't too loud, the staff welcomed us and the whiskey display is impressive. We couldn't get a table, so we took the two empty seats at the bar. The bartender, Dan, greeted us immediately. Dan was effecient, quick and friendly. Great service. My girlfriend ordered a margarita, which was reasonably priced and tasty. To eat, we ordered the pimento cheese, skillet cornbread, shrimp & grits and the hot chicken. Everything was delicious. The pimento cheese had some heat, and the country bread it is served with gives it a nice touch of salt. The mollases butter on the cornbread was "to die for". The shrimp & grits was my favorite dish. Creamy grits, perfectly cooked and seasoned shrimp. As for the chicken, they do not lie to you. It is hot. The brioche and ranch dressing compliment it well. For desert, we ordered the raspberry cobbler and a coffee. The cobbler was underwhelming. It wasn't bad - just not as great as the previous plates. Elixr coffee was spot on. Overall, I'll be back. Decent price point, high end comfort food and great service.Warning, if you come here on a Sunday there is a set tasting menu.  We were a party of two, they served us with one plate, "family style".  The only problem is the woman next to us was a party of one and had the same size servings.  They are claiming family style but giving the same portions they give to one person to multiple people. My advice, make sure you request being served as one person with separate plates.  The food was delicious but the business aspect was unacceptable.  Will not come back.The hot chicken is probably one of the best fried chickens I've ever eaten, and I'm from the South/NC and have had quite a bit of it. However, the price for the small portion size is really expensive. The drinks here are fantastic too.I love this place. The service was awesome and the food, even better. I always hated beets until I had it here. OMG!!! I will only eat beets here. Love!!!This is an out of the way location, between the university and the train tracks. We arrived at 5:30 to an almost empty restaurant but a packed bar. The bar only holds about twenty people and the restaurant about thirty and they are both in the same small room. The entire tiny kitchen is visible from the dining room. 
Since there were no seats at the bar, we asked for a table and the hostess was very reluctant to seat us at a table since we said we wanted to start with a drink before dinner. She wouldn't even promise to have a table for us if we started at at the bar. We had to insist on taking a table. It was awkward. The waitress was very pushy and kept coming over and picking up the menus and slapping them down on the table pressing us to hurry up and order our "libations". 
She seemed to think that the beer selection was awesome but it was actually mediocre. The whiskey selection was large, but only North American whiskeys, nothing Irish or Scotch. We ordered nine dishes. The shrimp and grits were good, but not outstanding and the portion is small, especially since they are supposed to be shared. The waitress said they didn't like the word "tapas" but that is exactly what they are. The pork belly was excellent and a good size and the collard greens were well prepared. The mac and cheese was mediocre and the catfish was awful. The "mississippi mud pie" wasn't even a pie, but a 6 ounce mason jar half filled with chocolate pudding. 
None of us would go back when so many better options are available. It seems that the top chef status of the person who conceptualized this place is enough to get its undeserved publicity.oh yeah...uummm hhhmmm....
Visited for the first time and had the Sunday supper. The shrimp and grits was off the chain..hummus was lovely, beans great. Was a tad bit disappointed by the mac and cheese tho, needed to be thicker and less runnyThe price point is amazing. The size of the plates are just right! We had the squash dumplings, brisket slider, collard greens, and hot chicken - all worth trying. Loved the Mobile Mule cocktail.Went back to The Fat Ham last week and it is still amazing.  Consistent, delicious, and priced right.  Still no cookie dessert but glad it isn't featured on the updated website.  The Road Trip short film was very good! Kevin, the next time you are in Atlanta, must try Star Provisions cold fried chicken and 7 Lamps' mussels. Glad to have you in University City, Mr. Sbraga.On the day we went, they offered a prix fixe menu for $30 a person. Given the reviews here, we we went for it. Overall, the experience wasn't that great.
The biggest problem was our server. A lady with a nose ring, she had this bizarre aloofness that  we couldn't understand. There was only one other table occupied, so it's not like she was busy. But she would mumble as she walked by, causing us to have to ask her to repeat herself. Or she took a drink order and, when my girlfriend tried to be clear about what the order (since we were there with someone for whom English was not native), she sneered, "I got it." And then she proceeded to screw it up. And then she blamed us. "You said a tall glass." No, we said tumbler and if you hadn't been snotty and turning your back to us, you would have gotten it right. Anyway, it was like that the whole time and she really ruined the whole experience.
Food was better than average. Portions were family style and weren't really enough for three people, but they tasted good.I really loved our meal here on NYE. I went to college in the south, so this place made me very nostalgic. Most of the dishes were outstanding, but there are a few that need some tweaks in my opinion. 
First off the concept is great. Small plate style southern food, whom would have ever thought that up? Its amazing to watch a master at work. Seeing fine dining's take on classic southern fare is pretty fun. We started with a few cocktails which were pretty delicious; a blackberry mint julep for me and I cant remember what she ordered but it was better than mine.
We decided to order a bunch of different things, starting with the Southern Hummus and fried green tomatoes. Love the fried green tomatoes. Piping hot, nice sauce, awesome exterior crunch. Hummus was just ok. I loved the bread it came with, but the hummus didnt have much pop to it. If i didnt know it was made from peanuts, I never could have guessed.
Next up were the Shrimp & Grits and mac and cheese. Shrimp and grits fell flat for me. Grits were good, but shrimp lacked seasoning. Definitely needs more flavor to not be lost in the richness of the grits. Mac and cheese was awesome. Loved the potato chip crust on top. Textural difference is awesome.
Hot chicken and collard greens came next. Booyah that chicken is freaking tasty. Spicy, but not overly so, juicy tender chicken with a hell of a crunch. The white bread and ranch really brought it up another level though. The ranch was incredible. I had no idea that collard greens could taste so good. My first time having them and all I have to say is wow. Loved the flavor and the nice chunks of ham hocks dispersed throughout. Awesome combination
Dessert time and although they didnt have espresso which normally makes me mad, their coffee is delicious. Our server told us how good it was and he was right. The cookie skillet is simply bangin. Only thing I wish is that the scoop of ice cream on top was a touch bigger. it was hard to spread it out enough to get some with every bite. The cookie is incredible rich and decadent. Loved the banana pudding too. Awesome take on it. Crispy nilla waferesque cookie and creamy banana pudding. Homerun. Always nice to see Ben taking care of people too. Whether at Sbraga or the Fat Ham, man knows his stuff! Cant wait to be back.My Monday began much like any other Monday when the Eagles play SNF, confusing, nauseous, and an hour late. Just as I sat down in my office I received a call saying that I had been waitlisted at the original place I had planned on going for my big 3 2 so now I was scrambling. 
I'd been wanting to come to FH since reading about the hot chicken in Foobooz about 9 or 10 months ago. Now I don't typically travel in to UC but when I do it's typically on a food endeavor and what better food to travel for than fried chicken. So me, my brother, and my wife, all piled into mom's Prius on our quest to southern cooked glory. 
Upon arrival I was surprised by how small the place was but the setup was nice and there was plenty of space between the tables. We were sat right away and our waiter came over and explained the drink menu. The cocktails are for the most part a Southern twist on the classics. I had a gin drink with Earl Grey tea and lemon. It was good but I only really ordered it so my mother wouldn't realize I was too hungover to comfortably drink. 
We inspected the menu as a group and decided to get the majority of the bottom 2 sections of the menu as an appetizer. The mac and cheese was good, the beets were really tasty but oyster sliders were far and away one of the best things I've tasted possibly ever. Definitely in the top 10. The issue I usually have with sliders is overbearing bread taking away from the innards and I sort of expected the same to happen here especially with a fried oyster. Not at all. The oyster was large enough to hold its own and the little bun was so fresh and soft it melted with each bite. 
I ordered the hot chicken of course but by the time it came I was full on the verge of being too full. This is my shame to bear. I ate it and I certainly enjoyed it but I know it could have been so much more for me. It was cooked to perfection and once it was cool enough to eat I recognized that this was a dish I could get messy for had I not stuffed myself prior. 
I made a vow to myself to return hungry and only have the sliders and the chicken. I take my fried chicken very seriously and my first time at Fat Ham I really let myself down.The food at Fat Ham isn't bad, it's just incredibly overpriced. To account for small portions and exorbitant prices they say that they're "tapas" style. It's literally just an excuse to charge a lot for small portions of basic food. As a Philadelphia "Southern" restaurant I was somewhat disgruntled by their adoption of Spanish tapas style. 
Anyway, I came here with a friend on a Friday and we ordered the skillet cornbread (8), oyster slider (6 each), mac and cheese (8), and hot chicken (15). It came out to about 50 dollars with tax and tip, which I found ridiculous for the amount and type of food  (we were both still hungry after). 
Cornbread: The cornbread looks a lot bigger in the pictures than it actually is. It's about 3x4 inches, or about the size of an iphone 6. I get paying a lot for appetizers when there are a lot of fresh ingredients or it takes a lot of prep time, but this is literally a piece of cornbread....8 dollars for mixing margarine, cornmeal, eggs, a few other dry ingredients (probably in bulk), and then throwing it in the oven. 
Oyster Slider: Crispy fried oysters with slaw. It was good, but again, tiny as hell. You'll eat it in two bites. 
Mac and Cheese: For a southern place it was way below par (...also, wait for it.....incredibly small). Under-salted and underwhelming 
Hot Chicken: Two pieces of spicy chicken on ranch, cucumber, and white bread (just straight up square white bread from the store). The chicken was pretty good but nothing to run over there for. 
I know that there isn't a lot of southern food in Philly, but if you're looking for a fix, this probably isn't where you want to come.On a cold Friday, we took our fat selves to Fat Ham, some ordered Fat Apples, and we left feeling FAT...and happy.
SERVICE
...was amazing. It was like one of those Hindu goddesses was bringing all the dishes, whisking them away when done, and a constant flow of deliciousness on our table. We were seated near Ben, the Manager, who was very helpful in giving advice about what to order. He must have also been entertained by our having memorized the menu, or me obnoxiously taking pictures and (surprise!) decided to send out a few extra dishes (BEST NIGHT EVER). Or maybe it was because we couldn't get a res until 9:45(!) and they needed to unload some food? Don't know, don't care. 
FOOD
-Full disclosure-I'm not a huge huge fan of Southern food, but I'm a fan of good food. This was all good. Here are the highlights:
-Charcuterie plate-the chicken liver was the standout food of the night (even to my friend the diehard liver hater).
-The Carolina Gold Rice was the dark horse winner of our affections. Get it.
-Hummus-smooth with a delicious peanuty aftertaste.
-The Hot Chicken came highly recommended and although delicious-was a bit too spicy for me to enjoy without needing water to breathe. (Like Handy Nasty level 8 spicy).
-Pork Belly and Pulled Pork-both delicious and would recommend ordering.
-Mustard Greens and Roasted Root Veggies- very good, and nice to have something fresh on the table.
DRANKS
- The Fat Apple was delicious but barely tasted boozy-good thing? dangerous thing? 
-The Blackberry cocktail was VERY strong. but very good.
-Large selection of whiskey and beers. Reasonably priced for what you're getting, but watch out if you're ordering more than one cocktail, at $10 a piece they could easily double your bill.
AMBIANCE (http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/web05/2012/4/19/12/enhanced-buzz-3258-1334853666-7.jpg) 
-Great for a date, friends, special occasion, random dinner, anything really. It's upscale without being pretentious, cozy without being annoying, and lively without being too loud. 
-We had an amazing time laughing, drinking, eating, pretending to have southern accents, (fat) hamming it up, more drinking. I never felt like we were being rushed out or annoying, even though we were probably very annoying.
-Definitely recommend sharing plates to try more things
SPARKNOTES: Good food, delicious drinks, amazing service, great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and hope this place lasts! Go make a reservation now, thank me later.Overall, great experience. I called to get a table and then said they could squeeze us in at 8:15, when we got there, many tables were empty and they did not fill up. It is a southern style restaurant but served as small plates. The waiters and waitresses were all very pleasant and attentive. The special drinks were great (peach infused vodka-delicious). The fried green tomatoes were also fabulous. We had the sausage and trout for dinner. Both were good, but definitely on the small side (very small, like four to five bites total). Each plate was $5-$15 which was reasonable, but you needed a few to fill up.I am not a brown liquor person.... That said my husband LOVES it.  We decided to come here before heading to a concert at XPN.  When greeted at the door we were escorted to the bar where there was ample seating.  
The bartender was SUPER busy when we sat but immediately greeted us and said he would be with us shortly.  It was obvious that he was weeded with drinks so we patiently waited.  Once he finished up he gave us his full attention.  His name was Dave. :) Dave told us about specials and different bourbons and drink concoctions.  While I made a face at the brown liquor he immediately said HOLD UP... He was certain that I would like something!  My husband ordered a Manhattan first and I a vodka tonic.  Dave insisted that I tried some citrusy brown liquor drink... I'll admit, it was ok but still not for me.  He wasn't having it... on our second drink my husband had a Old Fashioned and i again had the vodka tonic.. Dave thought I was going to be a changed woman and order a brown liquor drink! So he tried again... this time with a mini old fashioned for me. UGH! Still no go.. I really wanted to like it but at this time my palate has not "matured" enough to enjoy it. :) 
While our bar experience was great with the drinks and stellar service I would be remiss if I didn't mention the food.  We ate the following:
Hummus - OMG the bacon flavor totally nailed it!
Roasted Root Veggies - very flavorful but a bit over the top with the bacon flavor
Mustard Green Salad - Super yummy, the vinaigrette was perfect with the spicy greens
Shrimp & Grits - DELISH tender shrimp 
Collards - mmm vinegary tangy yum
Hot Chicken - O.M.G. this shit was HOT but oh so good!! It wasn't a lasting heat as I was afraid of.. it was oh so good!
All in all the service from the moment we entered the door to the end of our meal was great! We will definitely return for another shot at the brown!Very good food that is truly unique in a cozy setting.  Wait staff was attentive and it was a enjoyable experience.I'm a big Top Chef fan so I'm always a fan of checking out their restaurants.  This place did not disappoint.  The restaurant is very small, so make sure you have reservations. Luckily, we did, and were seated right away.  The dishes are all small portion so they recommend ordering 3-4 plates per person. My friend and I wanted to try a little of everything so that worked very well.  We ordered the Ricotta Cheese & Hummus to start.  I loved the hummus. I'm not usually a huge fan of hummus, but this one was really tasty to me.  It comes with big thick slices of fresh bread.  I wasn't a big fan of the Ricotta cheese b/c it had a smokey/bacon type taste to it. I wasn't sure if that was supposed to be in there or not, but I couldn't get past it.  Yes, I'm the only one in the world that doesn't like bacon and Yes, I realize I was dining at a restaurant named "Fat Ham." 
Of course had to try the Hot Chicken.  It was HOT. Like really HOT.  Don't order this if you can't do spicy foods. I generally like spicy, but this was slightly past my range.  Luckily they give you a slice of bread and ranch dressing to help cool your mouth.  We also liked the Ham & Eggs. Obviously, i skipped the ham portion, but it was very tasty! I love runny eggs on my food. Everything was very flavorful.
Overall, the experience was very nice. Our service was good and it was overall something new to try!We pretty much had one of everything on the menu.  Yes, we were fat.  Really fat.
We each had a signature drink. I cannot remember the name of mine but it had raspberry in it and it was amazing (sorry, not very helpful).
Everything was good.  Really.  There was no dog on the pile but that would only give it 3-stars for me.  So, why 5? Oyster Sliders, HOT Chicken and Banana pudding.  Truly, these things were perfect.  They are both fried dishes and fried to perfection with tastes that complimented and stood up to the frying.  I think the Hot Chicken may have been the best thing I have had in months.  Now, I have not been to Nashville, so I do not know about authentic Hot Chicken but this was amazing. The banana pudding won over the table, even people that said they do not like banana pudding.
If you need other good choices, the table also really liked the eggs&ham, The Board, fried lobster tail and mac n cheese.
The place is small but nice and the service was great.  We are so happy to have a place to go pre-World Cafe Live.Sending props out to Ben, Rachel, Suzanne and the chefs that made last nights meal amazing! "Sunday Supper" menu items, whiskey offerings and service were outstanding. The portions were generous and the ambiance = F.U.N.!!! Be sure to make a resee and go hungry! 
 (Oh, and you are welcome!!!! )The Fat Ham: where the food is delicious but you always leave hungry. 
That's how I feel, anyway. Don't get me wrong, I understand that this is a tapas/small plates restaurant. I have been to quite a few such places. It's the price to size ratio that gets me. For the money, I'd rather go somewhere else. 
Don't get me wrong the food is pretty good and the whiskey selection is wide and fun, but I'm just as happy somewhere else for more food for the same ( or even less) price.I feel like I may be an outlier here because I was unimpressed by The Fat Ham. Since moving to Philadelphia from Atlanta, I've been missing southern food tremendously and especially good southern-style PORK dishes, so upon hearing about this place I could not wait to get there. And I'm really not so picky - I love all types of food, I'm eager to appreciate it.
So, the dishes really were tasty but somehow just didn't induce those "mmms" I expect from a great restaurant. The portions are way too small for the prices and the flavors aren't as complex as you'd hope. 
My best advice is if you're actually from the South, don't go here expecting to find the haven for damn good southern food that you've been waiting for. If you weren't raised on this kind of food, I'm guessing you'll feel a lot warmer toward the place.This place is the best.  Everything I've ever ordered here has been solid; from the bourbon to the cocktails to the entrees and the desserts.  Definitely get the ricotta dish if they have it.This was a great place to stop with friends and coworkers after work. Service is excellent and the menu is perfect and manageable. I'm pretty sure we've tried everything on the food and drink menu.  It's a can't miss kind of spot and only goes wrong when you fall in love with a particular dish and discover that they rotate things out.  Please bring back the smoked ricotta.Sbraga is the man!  Every single dish we ordered was outstanding. We started off w a few drinks- Mezcal, apple brandy, honey and lemon (forget the name), the lil hillbilly which is a watermelon white whiskey drink and a flight of the Rittenhouse rye brewed right in Rittenhouse. They were all delicious. After that we got right to it!  Started off with the smoked ricotta tomato salad. The ricotta literally melts in your mouth. Amazing!  The next two dishes came out in a piping hot skillet, the cornbread and sweet potato casserole. Both equally delicious. Next up, the shrimp and grits which turned my non grits liking boyfriend into a fan haha so so good!  The pulled pork w grilled peaches was also very good, but finally the hot chicken made its grand entrance and holy hell I could eat this dish every single day for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The perfectly spiced chicken sits atop a piece of toast smothered in a buttermilk ranch dressing w pickles. My dream come true on a plate and my fav dish of the night. We also can't forget about the homemade hot sauce that sits on every table. I love hot sauce and don't get me wrong, this hot sauce is the bomb, but I found myself not wanting to use it bc the food was just that good. 
Finally, we had dessert. I called ahead and told them it was my boyfriends bday so they surprised him w the Mississippi mud pie and I of course had to try the red velvet cake. I mean everybody needs cake on their birthday, right?! 
This place is a southern lovin' dream come true and we had an overall great dining experience. Shout out to Amy (I think) our server who was excellent. We can't wait to come back!I was already a big fan of Sbraga and wanted to try the Fat Ham, so we opted for the 3-course, fixed-price Sunday Supper. We were thrilled to learn that it's not 1 dish per course over 3 courses, but several family-style dishes in each course. Bring on the Thanksgiving pants a month early!
Everything was delicious, but the standouts for me were the Mustard Greens Caesar and the Hot Chicken (what spice!). I'll be back again soon for the regular menu, probably wearing those Thanksgiving pants in anticipation of another great meal.Literally just got back from dinner at Fat Ham. Not only is the food undoubtedly one of the best I've had in Philly, but the service is impeccable. It turned out that the restaurant had done something wrong with my reservation, so my dining companion and I had to sit at a small, high table near the bar area. It really was no biggie, but Ben (the manager) insisted on sending over a few dishes on the house - incredibly generous! In addition to the 4 that we ordered, we had about 5 others, all of which were delicious. Some standouts were: the hot chicken (crunchy, juicy, extra spicy) with the white bread and creamy ranch dressing; the shrimp and grits (not too heavy and the shrimp tasted fresh and meaty); the baked mac and cheese (flavorful and crunchy from the barbecue potato chips, sprinkled over the top); and tender pulled pork on white bread and thinly sliced pickles. Really though - you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 
I'm sure I would've enjoyed the meal, even without those extra dishes, but what made it better was the hospitality and service of the entire staff.  The dining area itself is small as the other reviews say, but it has this warmth and coziness that doesn't make it feel cramped at all. I'll definitely be back, and can't wait to try Sbraga soon.A group of seven of us came here for the Sunday Night dinner for 30 dollars. It's really not worth it if you are more than two people. All of us pretty much left starving. We're fixing snacks as we type. The dinner is served family style and we noticed that they would give the same portions (1 dish) to a table for two to a table of four. There were seven of us and they gave us only 2 small portions of each dish plus a chicken each (thank god for the latter). They could have easily given us another dish seeing as 1 dish =  1 table for 2. The whole thing came across as a bit too thrifty on their side and was not an all together positive dining experience. The table of four next to us also audibly complained when they got the same amount of food as the couple right next to them.
BASICALLY:  7 people shouldn't be getting only twice the food TWO people are getting
and it seems cheap, shifty and just disrespectful to do it that way and charge everyone the same amount. Did I say we all left hungry? 
Having said that, our server was very attentive and the sliver of food was good. If you plan on doing this, do it as a date for two TOPS and not as a get together for friends because you'll all be heading out and spending more money from how hungry you'll be.The Fat Ham is a small space so reservations is a must.  We arrived right on time for our 6:30pm reservation and got seated right away.  We ordered 7 dishes for just the 2 of us for the variety but I think we would have been fine with 5 dishes. 
We ordered:
Ricotta Cheese - so so good!
Oyster Slider - Delicious!
Shrimp & Grits - just so so
Baked Macaroni & Cheese - good - liked the added bbq chips sprinkled on top
Hot Chicken - Really crispy and Really spicy - perfect with the white bread and ranch dressing
Pulled Pork - least fave.  lacked flavor and bread got soggy.
Banana Pudding - perfect ending to temper all the spicyness  
The spicy sauce provided was so good.  I added it to pretty much all my bites. 
The Ricotta Cheese, Oyster Slider, and Hot Chicken were my favorites of the night.What just happened in my mouth was amazing.  Homemade ricotta with black eyed peas.  Smooth, creamy and delicious. Shrimp and grits went down like buttah!  Hot chicken took a few seconds before the heat set in, but whew! My tongue stills tingles.  The pulled pork was a welcome break and then we rounded out the meal with a piece of pecan pie.  Can't wait to head back and try a new set of delicious.So far I've visited Fat Ham twice; the first time I visited, I was completely blown away.. the second time... well. you will see.
The first time I visited:
- ricotta spread was perfectly smooth and smoky 
- oyster sliders were highlight of the meal-- juicy oysters fried with spicy & crunch batter
- pulled pork was a meh
- charred cabbage was a huge surprise... VERY GOOD
- hot chicken was crispy and spicy..  and actually, too spicy for me. Potato salad was too salty.
- pecan pie.. oh.. pecan pie... 
My first experience was so good that I just had to go back, which I did few days ago. 
Unfortunately, the oyster slider had too much batter (where is my oyster?) and hot chicken was GODDAMN hot. Ricotta and pecan pie were good, though. 
I might give Fat Ham another try, when their menu is updated.Excellent service. Justine was wonderful very knowledgeable about the food. Gabe her preferences which we took her up on most of them. The hot chicken was awesome. Spicy, fried goodness. Bar had good beer and lots of good whiskeys.   Gave us a nice card and signed menus for our anniversary date.  Very cool.  We will be backWe found this place because of Yelp. And the reviewers gave us ideas on what to order. We had Mac n cheese, the ham board, some sliders and the corn bread. All wonderful. Great service.What a great time at Fat Ham on a Thursday Sbarga u are the best!!!
I want the recipe for your collard greens please sweet savory and a little hint of spicy
This place is a small but modern intimate spot in University City. I love itVery cool spot with DELICIOUS  food. I wasn't expecting much at first, but everything we ordered was phenomenal! We had the wings (can't remember the name, but it had curry in it), pulled pork sliders, another slider (hamburger like), and the brisket sliders. The wings were seriously the most delicious wings I have ever had in my entire life- the breading was crunchy, yet not too crunchy, and the meat was tender. The sliders were als also incredible. If the three different sliders we tried, the brisket was my least favorite, but it was still delicious
I love this place and everything about it.You cannot go wrong at The Fat Ham.  I recommend sitting at the bar, the staff is incredible and the food is delicious. A must eat Philly restaurant. Just go...right now. :-)Went there on a Thursday for dinner.  They won't seat you until your entire party arrives, which is pretty dumb.  We had 6:30 reservations, they wanted us gone by 8:00 (so they could seat the next reservation), I get that.  But why not seat the people that are there so they can get started and we can leave on time?
Anyway, stupid policy.  Food is pretty good.  We ordered pretty much everything on the menu.  Certainly some hits & misses.  Overall, very good.  Much better than Sbraga.Soo I was so excited to try Fat Ham and I have to say I was wholly underwhelmed. I'm a definite fan of K. Sbraga but this was really a disappointment. I ordered the hot chicken and was expecting crispy fried chicken with a kick. Instead I got 2 small pieces of crispless chicken with no heat. There was nothing hot about this chicken, literally and figuratively.  The white bread that supposedly comes with dish was pitiful. I didn't even notice the bread and further more it was super soggy after being drenched in a forgettable season less ranch sauce that served no purpose since the chicken wasn't spicy.
After the whack chicken I ordered dessert as I was still super hungry. I got the red velvet cake which was decent. It was moist with the right amount of crumble, and was not overly sweet. 
I have to say that if I come back to Fat Ham it will be for dessert and not much else.I knew I was going to like The Fat Ham immediately after stepping through the doors. The restaurant itself is small but intimate, with dim lighting and a rustic vibe that puts you right at ease. Definitely call and make a reservation in advance, because it does get full. 
A lot of the plates are meant to be shared, but they do also have larger entrees as well. We shared the mac and cheese along with the cornbread, and both were delicious! My boyfriend had the hot chicken, which he absolutely loved. I tried a bite and it had a big kick to it, more of a heat than a spice. I had the country captain chicken wings, and I'm still telling people about them. They come with 6 generously sized fried chicken wings that are drizzled with a spicy oil. If anything, I would go back for these wings alone.
And lastly, we shared the pumpkin chocolate special dessert. It came in a small mason jar, kind of like a seasonal boudino! Highly recommended.I had a really delicious Sunday Supper here last month. There were 4 of us, and pretty much as soon as you sit down, food appears in front of you. It's magic. (Okay, it's a preset menu. But still). They have the portions down really well, so while I definitely was *not* hungry at the end of this meal, nor was I super stuffed. The hot chicken was spicy, but I could definitely handle it. Other parts of the meal that stood out: the mac n cheese, the beets, southern hummus, and the roast. I will say that our dessert was some sort of cold "cobbler". Essentially some berries and a crumble type topping. I wasn't impressed with it, really. But everything else was so good, I'll let that go. It's only $30 a person, and it is amazing food and an amazing price.Spicy Southern Hit.
Sbraga knocks hit out of the park again with this little tasty, souful place.  Homerun! 
I love a restaurant that serves small plates so I can get a taste of what the menu really offers - but that being said, you can quickly over-order, so mind your plates! 
Fat Ham also serves up one of my newest favorite salad : the mustard greens.  Try and fight me for it if we order it together.  I will finish every bite.  The hot mustard dressing complements the sharp bitter greens perfectly.  Scrumptious.    After that make sure you order a couple oyster sliders (perfectly fried) and shrimp and grits (order more than one!).  Those are your musts!  Don't argue with me!
The hot chicken, however, is not for the faint of heart.  It will kick you right in the pants and whoa. Hot damn... it might even leave you tearing up.
Amazing selection of bourbons and whiskeys (very intimidating) and reasonable wines by the glass.
Totally worth the quick drive over the University City, just a hop, skip and a jump past World Cafe Live.What an incredible dinner!  It is rare that we go a restaurant that we eat every single morsel of every single dish.  At one point the waiter tried to take away the Shrimp and Grits before all of the grits were completely gone and I almost attacked him.  And the Baked Mac and Cheese was so good that we ordered another dish of it.  Everything was excellent and plated beautifully.  Hopefully, the pictures do it justice.
As for the wine list, that was very good as well.  Great selection of wines by the glass, with a very reasonable (approx 2x) markup.  Had a Riesling to start to prepare myself for the heat of the Hot Chicken.  Then followed that up with the Bourbon Lemonade just to try that out as well.  And the whiskey and bourbon selection is absolutely amazing.
Service was very attentive throughout.  The only possible negative was the closeness of the tables.  At least you can see what other people ordered before ordering yourself.Very good. The waiter is very knowledgable about the whiskies. The oyster sandwich was ok. Their house hotsauce is fantastic. Had the ham and eggs - very good. Pork belly very good too!I had a great time. The food was fantastic and the Bourbon selection was awesome. The only reason I didn't give it 5-stars, is that if you are going to charge me astronomical prices for cholesterol laden food, you have to over-perform against an easy "level of difficulty". However, if you have a fat wallet a great cadiologist, this place is can't miss.Came here just for the hot chicken and wasn't disappointed! Southern tapas sounded a little strange at first but it's executed perfectly. Too many great dishes to choose from. We loved the hot chicken, oyster sliders, skillet cornbread, and the collard greens. The macaroni and cheese wasn't baked how I usually like it but it was still good. Will definitely try to come here again the next time I'm in Philadelphia.Well, for me at least this isn't worth it at all. 
The food was sub-par. It was good but I wouldn't say the portion size in relation to price is great. And you can definitely find food this "quality" elsewhere for less. 
I'd also HIGHLY recommend not going past 9pm. We were the last table there (after spending hundreds of dollars) and were maybe there for an hour before the manager told us "they get to close as soon as we leave" and recommended we go next door (I still had half my tiny drink left) 
I'll never go back or recommend it based on the unprofessionalism alone. But I personally also like bigger portions and higher quality food. 
To each his own.The menu is short and sweet. I loved the way there was pork in so many of the dishes in settle ways. The cabbage was very filling and unique, I love the cracklings on top and the cheese and tomato. The collard greens were tasty. The fried chicken was super crispy, and juicy . The shrimp and grits were to die for, best dish of the night for me. Both fish dishes were made well. The cornbread was a little burned on top and mushy inside, it was the only let down. The sweet tea was a dream, I mean good. It was a small, cozy place and even though we were the last reservation 9:45 we were not rushed. Kevin Sbraga was actually there and that was cool to see. This place is solid. Great friendly attentive service, authentic southern meal.Copied from my opentable review:  Interesting Southern Tapas concept.
Everything I had was top notch like the title states.
The drinks and food were both unreal. Gotta go and try for yourself!
Green Tomatoes, collared greens, hot chicken, pork, shrimp and grits, Montgomery Mule, etc....Absolutely delicious.
The Fat Ham is a cozy, attractive restaurant, with a small bar off to the left. They're unique in the sense that you don't often run across southern fare served tapas style (i.e. small plates). We ordered the corn bread, humus, mustard chicken wings, macaroni & cheese, hot chicken and short ribs. Everything was excellent. On top of the fantastic food, they have an exceedingly generous bourbon selection. If I had one complaint, it's that our food came out too fast. We didn't have chance to finish our first plate before two more were placed in front of us. At one point we had all six plates on the table, without having had time to even finish the first. That aside, I would highly recommend The Fat Ham.We were running a tad late due to weather and finding the restaurant. They called and we told them we were moments away. When we walked in we were told that there was a 7 pm reservation for our table but that as it was 5:45 we would be fine. The food was really good and the service attentive however the food came out at such a fast pace that we felt like we had to eat quickly so that it dod not get cold. As it is mostly  small plates we ordered many dishes but when you are present with 4 at one time it is a tad overwhelming. 
Also, it is a small restaurant, to the point where it is hard to get in and out of your seat. Should you give your neighbors your butt as you get out? Never sure, plus there is only one door so when a patron comes in there is a blast of cold air. Double doors should be mandatory in all restaurants. 
We loved the concept and liked our meal but we are not sure if we were be rushed out of there and that did not feel so good.....maybe think about it again but not on a Saturday night. Was nice to see the chef was in the house.Came at a bad time, 145 pm which is near closing time for lunch. No cook or server wants to see people walking in as they are about to close up!  I know!!!  They were cool though. Food was excellent. Had the hot chicken. Thought it'd just be hot but it was actually very flavorful. Collards were great as was the Mac n cheese. Great job!  Loved it!!!  Now I need to find an excuse to be in philly around dinner time so I can have more than a lunch size portion!!!I walked passed this restaurant every day for a whole year and never had the chance to try it until a friend of mine scheduled a happy hour gathering here one afternoon. 
There were 8 of us seated at our table, and it wasn't until after we arrived that we discovered the happy hour special on drinks was only available at the bar. This was not advertised anywhere on the menu or website. But it's not like all 8 of us could go sit at the bar and converse comfortably, so we chose to stay seated and pay full price for our drinks. That was strike 1. 
Our group trickled in in pairs every 10 minutes or so (people coming in after work or classes), and when we tried to order 5 dishes earlier on to share, the waitress told us she could only put in one full order, for the whole table, one time. I found her tone to be somewhat rude. She also said each person usually ordered 2-3 dishes on their own...but our party was there for HH, not necessarily dinner. So we waited 30 minutes for the the whole party to arrive to order the original 5 dishes anyway. Strike 2. Everyone ordered an oyster slider, which was great - probably my favorite thing on their menu, but $6 is pretty steep for a sandwich barely the size of my palm. We also got the hot chicken, shrimp and grits, mac and cheese, and the pork belly. The hot chicken was so spicy one of my friends couldn't eat any more after the first bite, but everything else was fairly yummy. The dishes are tiny though, and to think they cost $15 a piece...
With all the food and drinks combined, each person ended up paying around $20+, but our stomachs were still grumbling and we were so dissatisfied with the service that we moved our party elsewhere down the street.Unbeknownst to me, the only menu that was available on Sunday 10/2 was the "Sunday Supper" tasting menu. I was disappointed I didn't get to try the brisket and wagyu burger sliders, but it was nice to have dishes constantly brought to me.
The menu included (for $30):
seasonal salad (I didn't ask the kind)
Cornbread
Pimento Cheese (on a little toast)
Blackened Catfish (atop grits)
Hot (Fried) Chicken
Collard Greens
Mac and Cheese
One Rib (I didn't ask whether it was beef or pork)
Triple Chocolate Cake
I thought it was a great deal for $30 because every dish except the mac and cheese and the rib weren't the best kind of that dish I ever had. The hot fried chicken was also a little too hot for me, but it was great.
The salad, whatever is was, had nothing but dark green lettuces and kale, none of that light green, lacking-nutrient garbage. It was one of the better salads I've had in the city. The cornbread (in a skillet) was great as well, though the edges were a little too crispy for me, so I only ate the center. The pimento cheese was good, but spicier than I'm used to (although I only ever really had it on a burger...). 
I'm making a new paragraph for the catfish because it was the greatest fish dish I ever had. I even liked the grits, too! I never had grits before, but I'm glad I tried them here.
The Hot Chicken was delicious, the second best fried chicken I've had in the city. Though, I'm gonna be honest, it was too hot for me, so I picked off the breading/sauce. The collard greens (turkey leg, potlikker) were delicious as well. I only ever had collard greens once, but they were better here. The mac and cheese was good, but could've used more cheese. The rib was good, but I would've preferred it be fall-off-the-bone tender. The triple chocolate cake was great, too
By and large, this was one of the best experiences I've had at a Philadelphia restaurant. I'm glad I came all the way from Center City (for a show at World Cafe Live). I'll definitely be back, especially for the catfish and to try the sliders.The server was knowledgable it seemed but i wish he was friendlier. Honestly felt like my boyfriend and I were a bother to him. 
The reason for my three stars: the food is good but terribly overpriced. The catfish and hot chicken was excellent but SO tiny! I could hardly believe these plates were "designed for sharing" as the server suggested. I could eat the entire portion in one bite with none left for my boyfriend.My boyfriend and I spent over $60 between the two of us and we still left feeling half full. My boyfriend was taking me out and I honestly felt bad ordering more food because who knows how much it would have been. 
Also, it was awkward sitting at a large table that fit eight people but we were sharing it with six other people we didn't know. It was either that or sit right by the door where it was freezing. Too cramped for my liking.The oyster sliders at The Fat Ham are so good it's mind blowing. I love the crispy, deep-fried succulent oysters and the soft yeast buns that keep them safe. The tangy gribiche cuts through the grease while adding another layer of richness. This dish, plus a glass of sauvignon blanc, takes me to my happy place.
Unfortunately, none of the other dishes have won me over like the oyster sliders. I've tried most of the dishes fellow Yelpers have raved about, but they just don't do it for me. Yes, the hot chicken is spicy and delicious. Sure, the shrimp and grits is creamy and satisfying. But if I'm at a Top Chef restaurant, I expect my food to be more innovative and surprising than comforting and familiar.
Something that I appreciate about The Fat Ham is the little touches. I love that no dish is identical, the waitresses wear plaid, and your check comes on a painted board. These details contribute to a lively atmosphere that I enjoy each time I'm there.One of the first places we stopped at on our trip to Philly. Made it in time for their awesome happy hour. The drinks were delicious and had the right amount of mixes. The sample board is a must try!We were rushed out of our seats!  Four of us had dinner Saturday night at 815 pm.  By 930 and not long after our food had come half a dozen waiters were swarming the table constantly asking if they could clear the plates. We ordered dessert and before 10 they asked us to move to the bar.  I'm not upset, just think this might not be the place for hanging with friends -- it's just too small.  Food was good though.  Not too pricey.We came on a Friday night with a party of 4. They were running a special for $18 for a Pimento Cheeseburger + fries, Neshaminy Beer, Four Roses Yellow Label Bourbon
Pretty decent special honestly but that's if you don't want to try the other items on the menu
Burger was good -- I liked the spicy pimento cheese touch, burger came out as I ordered.
The mac and cheese was disappointing --I will admit I have a pretty high expectation for mac and cheese but it seems so hard to find a good one. This one didn't meet the mark for me. Quite bland. 
I feel kind of bad rating this a 3 when I barely tried enough items here to really rate it.. but I do like Sbraga a lot.. so I would probably give this place another shot. My friend raves about their Hot chicken -- so I may have to come back to give that a shot.The dishes are a little small but very well done.  We ordered a good amount of food:  Southern Hummus - Great starter.  The bread was awesome and so was the hummus. 
Fried Green Tomatoes - Nice and crispy.  Great flavor. 
Shrimp and Grits - The grits were nice and creamy.  I thought the shrimp were kind of small and lacked some flavor.
Beer Battered Flounder - This was lighter than I was expecting when I heard beer batter.  Well executed.  
Hot Chicken (and reordered a second helping) - This is really good.  Put this on your to try list.
Charred Cabbage - Nothing special.
Pulled Pork - A vinegar based pulled pork.  The flavor was addictive.
Pecan Pie - Not overly sweet like you would have down south.
The service was good and attentive.Went to the Spruce Harbor location. Paid $10 for a tilapia sandwich that came with a napkin and nothing else. The sandwich was delicious... Very flavorful with a nice kick but such a small portion of fish that I thought about ordering a second one after four bites later I was done. .We came for the hot chicken but were won over by the entire menu. I'll start with the drinks. I am not usually a big cocktail drinker and I have to say that I could drink the Fat Apple bourbon based cocktail all night long. Just the right balance of sweet and tart (hmmm kind of like a good apple). The surprise hits were the charcuterie (next time I need my own!), the ricotta cheese and the collard greens. We also enjoyed the country fried lobster tail. In the end the hot chicken was the only disappointment. It was difficult to share (and the menu was set up in a way that seems to encourage the sharing of the small plates). We will definitely return to this restaurant - I hope they move to a new location though. I see some have called it cozy - I found it to be cramped.Went on a Friday night without reservations and was able to grab two seats at the bar without a problem. The bar staff were friendly and provided great recommendations. Service was quick and the food was delicious. The charred cabbage dish was something I would've never picked out, but it was excellent - tasted almost like lasagne. I also loved the mustard greens salad - a very big portion and a great dish to share. The pork dishes were also good, but I honestly think the two veggie dishes were more interesting and memorable. 
The place is tiny, but it didn't get too loud, and you can eat the full menu at the bar. The only cons are the semi - uncomfortable bar stools. 
They also had a nice whiskey list - would definitely come back!The food here is delicious, comfort food. However, the portions aren't huge and the prices are high. So if you want to treat yourself, definitely check it out. Unfortunately, it's too pricey to become a regular lunch-time spot for me, but if cost wasn't a factor I'd eat here weekly! The location is quite small, but wasn't too crowded when I was there at a typical weekday lunch hour.Fantastic.  Been here twice, both times were great meals.  One of our favorite restaurants in the City.  Not to state the obvious, but get the chicken.  And some bourbon to drink.Welcoming well art-directed Southern hospitality west of the Walnut Street bridge. 
We were at the bar for dinner on a Saturday night. We did not have reservations and the wait was an hour.
Great choice to dine with bartender Dan, a man of great intel and shaker face. He poured us some punch on tap.
Later we had blackberry julep and the fat apple. Plus an egg-white frothy whisky sour. All drinks were expertly crafted.
In a breakthrough move, half the kitchen is behind the bar, so there is no delineation between kitchen and bar. The front and back of house blur into one large space, so that kitchen staff becomes part of the party. The cold prep shares space with the bar, while hot food has its own prep nook.
For dinner, the standouts are the ricotta bowl, oyster shooters, charcuterie plate and chicken fried lobster. Hot fried chicken requires an iron digestive tract. Grease+heat=all night burn.
That said, do try the house made hot sauce.
Best dessert was banana pudding.
The staff is excellent. Appreciated the presence of a general manager in such a small space. Felt very professionally run. Great mix of people in the crowd. A convivial atmosphere. Right up the street from World Cafe Live.The first thing you'll notice when you walk into the restaurant is how tiny the space is. There are 30 seats in the restaurant and an additional 12 at the bar, but the seating is creatively arranged to allow guests and servers to move through the restaurant with ease. The decor is an odd juxtaposition of rustic meets modern. You notice the variety of whiskey bottles on the shelves behind the bar and immediately acknowledge that you're in a Southern-style restaurant. Service moves at a slow, steady pace. The first of our dishes arrives, a bed of mustard greens tossed with benne seeds and peanuts. The dressing is fiery hot and spicy good! Spicy without being unbearable, the dressing accents the nuts and greens nicely. What a crazy flavor combination! The shrimp and grits were utter perfection. Big, juicy, grilled shrimp sitting on top of a small helping of creamy, buttery grits with diced pieces of country ham strewn for good measure. Who would think grits could be this good? The buttermilk coated fried oyster slider with its burst of flavor in the middle was just sooo good! Move over crabcake and filet sliders, this oyster slider has found a place in my heart! The blackened catfish was one of the best pieces of catfish I've ever eaten. It was firm like rockfish, but didn't have that characteristic catfish taste or odor. The Carolina gold rice is one of the best accompaniments I've ordered in a while. It pairs really well with the hot chicken, which is OH. MY. GOD. everything that the hype says it is. It is indeed fiery hot, as in spicy hot. It is indeed crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle. My friend Chris W and I were ready, willing, and able to dive right into the alleged chicken that saw fit to win the heart of local food critic, Craig Laban. In our two orders, our server stated how fortunate we were to have one dish with white meat and one dish with dark meat. Without hesitation, I went for the dark meat. I tasted a small sample of the breast meat on Chris's plate and it, too, was juicy good. Almost too good. Was there crack in the chicken? The pecan pie was a delicious ending to a fantastic meal. You can't ask for a better meal anywhere. I felt like I was at Morimoto or Vetri. For this reason, I can honestly give The Fat Ham my highest rating.The fried chicken and collard greens were absolutely fantAstic. Dan , the bartender , is a true professional and really mixes a fine drink. It was a great experience. Would go again anytime.The second restaurant for Kevin Sbraga, of Top Chef season 7 fame (his first was Sbraga, on Broad St).  We ate at the bar the Monday night after their Friday opening (Kenny Gilbert from Top Chef 7 was there too!), and we thought everything was FANTASTIC! Standouts were the KILLER fried oyster sliders (I ordered a second for dessert), and the SCREAMING HOT Hot Chicken (give it up Federal Donuts, you've met your match).
~6 small plates were plenty filling for 2 people (see photos):
1) Enjoyed some excellent cocktails, but a pretty short list
2) Eggs & ham!
3) "The Board" literally is a board (the liver mousse was incredible); needed to ask for more bread
4) I hum, you hum, we all hum for hummus! (bread is a bit heavy and tended to mask the flavor of the hummus)
5) Dish of the night was the great Oyster Sliders (I had a second one for dessert)
6) hot, Hot, HOT Chicken (hotter and different from the Tennessee Hot Chicken at Sbraga)
7) Melt-in-your-mouth Pulled Pork
8) Apple cobbler with bourbon-maple ice cream (the ice cream was what made this dish)
This place will be successful.
Kiosk parking out front on the street was easy on a Monday, but I can't say anything about Fri/Sat.
BTW, in case you are interested, the opening of this restaurant was chronicled in excruciating detail by Michael Klein here (not that I've actually read it):
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/The-Making-of-The-Fat-Ham-Part-10-Testing.htmlHad a great time at this little restaurant.  Its ahip place with delish food.  I recommend the fried chicken, it's so flavorful.  If you want the breast/wing piece you have to request white meat or else they will bring dark meat.  The drinks are also simple and delicious but a bit on the pricey end.Sunday supper is actually the best time to go because you get a $30 fixed dinner which is actually a tasting menu of over half the items that they offer on a regular basis, with a few trial items.
My favorites:
The butternut squash "dumplings" were absoultely delicious. Slightly creamy, and overall scrumptuous.
Hot wings: the wings were really hot but in such a weird way...my lips were burning but my tongue was not!
Plus they have an awesome whiskey selection and the decor is legit. Check it out!Great location and nice/intimate interior.
Good dishes: picked shrimp, oyster sliders (amazing!)
ok dishes: mac and cheese (pretty standard)
disappointing: hot chicken (too salty/over the top). Better fried chicken can be found elsewhere in the city.
Made it to four stars based on the drink selection: the fat apple cocktail and the wine cooler/sangria special was great! Hope they keep it on the menu.Make a reservation before hand! This place is excellent. They have an enormous whiskey selection, and the restaurant has such a  wonderful atmosphere. The service was excellent. If I had an empty drink or plate on my table, someone was over in a matter of seconds taking care of it.  I will definitely be coming back here again.My family and I had a great 51st birthday dinner at the fat Ham!  The hot chicken was indeed an amazing dish!  We also deeply enjoyed the southern hummus, mac&cheese and the greens as well as the kale salad.  Mississippi mud pie for dessert can't be beat!The Fat Ham
PA: Philadelphia Century City
6:30pm Sunday 25th October 2015
Five Stars
You can literally smell the bacon wafting down the street. There is a lovey wooden front porch complete with 2 white rocking chairs. Inside is a mix of four top tables, booths, high top tables, a bar island, and an 8 person wood top bar. On Sunday, they do a Sunday Supper Pre-Fixe meal for $30. They have plenty of whiskey: old overholt, whistle pig, 
Course 1: 
The crispy, slightly charred grilled country bread served warm contrasted nicely against the cool creamy, orange pimento cheese. 
Course 2:
The corn bread was served in a mini cast iron skillet and topped with melted molasses butter. There was mild sweetness compared to the generous amount salt and meat flavors from the Tasso Ham inside. The bread had firm structure and crumbled into buttery morsels. 
Course #3:
The cajun style catfish was beautifully blackened with a nice crust of salt and spice. The fish was moist and flaky. The dish had complexity with spicy mayo, Beet-pickled cauliflower, okra, and walnuts. 
Course #4:
The butternut squash dumplings with fresh slices of granny smith apple and toasted pecans were my favorite dish. The dumplings were smaller making less doughy and more fluffy. The sauce was creamy with plenty of butter. This exactly what autumn should taste like. 
Course #5:
The Fat Ham classed up a Nashville classic "Hot Chicken."  The cayenne marinated chicken breast was deep fried to golden brown perfection then served on top on brioche with a creamy herbaceous buttermilk sauce and dill flavored cucumbers. The poultry was spicy ... like really spicy. That goodness for the bread, pickle, and ranch accompaniment. The breaking had above average adherence to the skin and meat. The had boneless chicken was moist and flavorful. 
Course #6:
The Pork Butt was slow cooked and then crisped on a wooden plank. It was less tender and more caramelized. The Gravy was thick and tasty but I wanted more of it. The home fries were cut uniformly and freshly fried with similar delicious qualities. The fresh turnip leaves were a interesting addition. 
Course #7
The Collared greens were supple with a bit of crunch. The pork shank was meaty. The best part was the vinegary, mineral-y potlikker, which is basically the remaining water that boiled the greens. I felt it needed some black eye peas. 
Course #8
The Mac n cheese was served in a shallow rectangular baking dish. The spirals were covered in cheesy creamy sauce with a sprinkle of bread crumbs. The dish was almost too classic for this place. 
Course #9: Dessert: 
The Kentucky butter cake was a large square of dense, super moist, almost oozing butter, sponge cake. The three halves of strawberries had slightly sweet syrup. The Chantelle cream was good. 
Beware it is a lot of food for a great price. Plus the service Was great. They got me fed was in 45 minute so that I could catch my train.The food was good but expensive which is not what I was expecting. They're all small plates so you have to order a bunch of things if you want to leave content. My meal was $8 for small bowl of dirty rice, $5 slider, $15 hot chicken. All very good though. The place was also very slow and understaffed. They had 2 waiters for the whole restaurant and the one bearded guy came across as rude but I think he was just so busy and flustered he didn't have time to be a welcoming host. It's also kind of annoying that the food comes out at all different times. My 3 things came out at different times over the course of an hour. Idk if that's just how all fancy places run but I wasn't really vouching. Decor and food were good though.The fried chicken was dynamite - both in flavor and heat. But the real star was the catfish. The okra was perfect and the fish was light and flaky. Southern hummus was delicious and the shrimp and grits satisfied.Sad to hear this place is closed or is planning to close.  They serve great food at a decent price and the collard greens are to die for.  I could literally eat this dish as a soup with the bread.  Yum.  Also their bartender was awesome and made me a special honey whiskey after dinner drink.  It was delish.  Love this place.The Fat Ham is one of my favorite restaurants in philly! which is saying a lot. The hot chicken is out of this world. great cocktails, nice vibe, and all of the other food I've had (including the mustard greens, corn bread was fantastic). But definitely don't miss the hot chicken. The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it can sometimes be annoying -- the bar area is small/crowded which makes the fact that they don't seat you until your whole party is there a bit annoying (especially coming after work when people trickle in). They also won't take reservations for large groups unless you go through a special events person -- I tried to make a reservation for 8 and that was too much. I called and left a voicemail for the special events person and never received a call back. All in all still one of my favorite spots and I've never been disappointed by the food and drinks :)Four of us went on a Friday night at 7.  We were seated at an awkward table right in the front, near the window, not a fan of that and I forgot how small this location is.  The waiter recommended 3-4 dishes per person, but we each ordered about two.  I had the oyster slider based on all the reviews, and I thought it was good, not something I normally get, so I can't really compare.  I also went for the hot chicken.  I was a little nervous about the spice level, but the ranch is really good, and I was able to handle it.  Some in the group argued that it may be the best fried chicken.  It's just a little too spicy for me to call it the best, but I did enjoy it.  We finished the meal by sharing a skillet cookie.  It had a sea salt like ice cream on top which was delicious, and I wish there had been more of it to balance out the chocolate.  I think I would go back to hang out at the bar.PROS: Decent portion-to-price ratio, great flavor combinations, hip ambiance
CONS: Not vegetarian friendly, limited space
The Fat Ham seems to be bustling with customers and was as busy as ever. Due to this, the wait times are lengthy, with the wait staff rushing to and fro. The food, served tapas-style, is solid for what it is --- Southern comfort food at its finest --- well-balanced and not overly heavy. There are not many vegetarian options, though they can make several dishes vegetarian upon request (but really, this place was not made for vegetarians). Overall, a solid dining spot when you have some moolah to blow.Fat ham was good, but we didn't totally love it.  Everything was extremely fried, which is ok, but it was a bit much.  The red velvet cake also looked awesome, but it was just pretty ok.  We had at least half of the menu (a party of 4).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, we didn't love the oyster sliders.  It was mostly fried+mayo+grease (not enough oyster).  The hot chicken was also hugely underwhelming (which surprised us, since it is talked up a lot here).  The charcuterie was really good, especially the pickles that came with it.  The mac and cheese was ok, but it was quite small and a little mushy.  Overall, for the price, it's an ok place, but it's definitely not one of my top picks in Philly.