Food and service are both great here - it's my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I would recommend the following:
Seafood? - get the scallops or tuna
Meat? - fried chicken
Salad? - all of them are amazing
Appetizer/side? - BRUSSEL SPROUTS!
Dessert? - creme brulee - AMAZINGAlex is the best bartender in the city, hands down! He has an encyclopedic knowledge of liquor and the cocktails are always deliciously dangerous. Side note: the chicken wings are officially ridiculous.Upstairs bar is great, fairly priced drinks, food is good but small portions.
Lots of fun to sit outside on the deck when the weather is nice.  Although they have crazy hostesses that grab you if you just try to walk out on the deck without a table first.My husband and I had a wonderful dinner and evening at Corner on New Years Eve.  We were looking for a place that was our style that was serving their normal menu, and not a ridiculous prixe fixe monstrosity for NYE.  I only recently discovered the Midtown Village and was quite pleased when this new-to-us restaurant showed up in our Open Table search only the day before with availability at 8pm on NYE.  The upstairs was closed for a private party, and one notable moment of the evening was when the upstairs group hijacked the sound system and the music went from Arcade Fire to Lil Wayne.. it was clearly not the Corner's usual playlist.  
The hostess was pleasant, and we loved our waiter.  He provided great recommendations and was quick bringing drink refills and our various courses, but was never overbearing.  The fried pickles were AWESOME, and a great deal for the price.  We each loved everything we ate, from the soup of the day (cauliflower & pepper), to the mac & cheese, to my sweet potato gratin (a very tasty and unique dish), to my husband's fried chicken.  And fyi: the fried chicken was a FRIED CHICKEN; it was essentially a crispy whole chicken on a plate.  
We really liked everything about this place and we look forward to going back soon to try out more of their menu!I'm usually not a big fan of American brunch places, and this place was no exception. There wasn't a lot of choices on the menu. I ordered a stuffed french toast dish and didn't quite know what to expect. The friend I was dining with had said that she'd had stuffed french toasts elsewhere and they were usually quite phenominal. My dish came and I was not at all impressed. It was just 2 thick pieces of french toast with some jam / jelly sandwiched in between and some peanut butter (didn't seem like the advertised peanut "mousse") slathered on top. My friend was underimpressed as well. The breakfast burrito was okay and my friend seemed to enjoy the dish she had gotten. For me, this was just another American place that serves okay brunch food.This past weekend I went for brunch with some friends and had a very relaxing time. The interior design of this restaurant is what drew me in. The craftsman style architecture and outdoor patio area make the scene comfortable, modern, and homey.
The service was great; food was simple but good. Two of my friends had omelets, one had poached eggs, and I had a bagel with lox and cream cheese. Nothing seemed too adventurous, and I'm not sure I'd go back for brunch. However this seems like the spot for happy hour or a night cap.I really like the Corner. There's a rooftop. There's happy hour. There's interesting drinks and solid, yummy bites. My servers have always been pleasant, and the other patrons don't annoy me. Yay! I'm a fan.Food was good but service can improve. Try their scrapple and French toast.I've been to this place a couple of times now. The first time around, I went for the starters and the small bites. I definitely recommend the jalapeno bites, the tuna tartare and the popcorn shrimp. I would pass on the fried pickles as there was a lot of batter. Also, the pickles weren't that great. The second time around I went for the chicken wings and stuffed baby eggplants. The chicken wings were nicely fried and sauced. There is a nice heat in the sauce for the wings, and it slowly builds up. The stuffed eggplants were amazing. The eggplants were nicely cooked and the stuffing added the textures that were needed to make the eggplants not mushy. 
While the food has been consistent, I can't say the same for service. The first time there I went without reservations. The hostess did her best to get me a table in time for the Happy Hour special. The waitress I had was also very attentive during Happy Hour. The second time, I had reservations. I had to wait around for 10-15 minutes. However, my waitress hardly stopped by my table. I had to ask what the weekly pasta special was. I had to request the hostess to get us more water as our waitress was nowhere to be found. 
Overall, a nice, small happening place. A nice selection of beer and wine, but do not expect any recommendations from the waitstaff. Do not expect this place to be quiet, but you can still carry out a conversation with your friends at this place.Surprisingly good! I bought a Living Social voucher for this spot on a whim, I had no expectations (hey, $20 for 40 bucks worth of food--why the heck not?). 
I guess you could call it New American comfort food. I had the fried chicken with collard greens (hell yes). My boyfriend had the pork loin with fresh apple sauce, and we foolishly opted to split a basket of fries (tasty, but we were so stuffed that we could barely eat more than a few). 
Decent beer and drink selection, good service and comfy atmosphere. In the summer, the rooftop bar is a nice escape. Definitely worth a try.Had a late dinner here one day before the holidays. I had the macncheese and a dark and stormy. My friend had the fried pickles and a chicken pot pie - both got oohs and ahhs.  The atmosphere here is dark and moody. Definitely a nice date spot, cozy and intimate. The bar stools are awkward to sit on if you have a coat. The open kitchen is nice to see as food is made and comes up. I would eat here again if it wasn't so close to Zavino!I was here for an early dinner that overlapped with the tail end of happy hour on a Friday. The food was tasty, the ambiance somewhat spirited, and the servers friendly. We ordered the full sampling of appetizers on special for happy hour; they were good, but not excellent. The duck pastrami sandwich was tasty, but not stellar; I was more impressed by the chips it came with, which were perfectly light and crisp. A nice meal, but overall I came away with the impression that the place was trying a bit too hard. They should spend a little more time developing their dishes and just let the food speak for itself, instead of trying to impress customers with fancy-sounding offerings that don't quite live up to their potential.I've tried to go here twice, once successfully while being turned away the other time which was probably for the best. 
I attempted to head here for happy hour one day and the roof was already packed at 5:30. I understand if there is no room but they were pretty rude about it and suggested coming much earlier, sorry that I have a job that interferes with drinking at 4pm.
The next time we were seated upstairs since the roof deck was full again. It was Center City Sips and I make a carefully calculated decision based on their beer selections specials stated online. I got there and it was miller light or miller high life. Off to Finn Mccools it is. 
Probably will give it one more shot since it is a great location but am already prepared to award Corner the third strike..Great brunch spot.  There is no reason no wait an hour at Green Eggs when a place two blocks away serves better food.
I've been here twice and got the shrimp and grits both times, good stuff.  I also liked the coffee and cigs breakfast cocktail.  And my girl loves the music in there.
In fairness, my dad got the breakfast burrito last time and didn't love it.In continuing my restaurant tour of Midtown Village we went to The Corner last night.  Nice atmosphere, got a table near the window. They had a nice cocktail selection and I enjoyed the Indian Summer cocktail. Dinner was good, not great. Tuna tartare appetizer was nice if not exciting, husband had the sliders, small but good. For dinner he had the skate wing (one of our faves) and it was very good, served with a refreshing tomato arugula salad. However my octopus with chickpeas was seriously lacking in ANY seasoning and was just a boring dish. Our server seemed a little scattered, forgetting drink orders not comprehending our dinner order. 
After dinner we went up to the rooftop deck for drinks. Relaxing atmosphere, great server. However when my gf ordered a Stoli and club (which she also ordered downstairs) only to be informed they don't have Stoli - so what did she get before?? Disappointed that the waitress downstairs just substituted without disclosure. 
Overall not an alright experience, might go back for drinks upstairs but with so many better options in the area not sure I'd return for dinnerAmazing food and drinks and at a great price. I never give reviews but this place was amazing and so was the service. The burgers were amazing but they also have vegan and vegetarian options. I highly recommend it.The drink menu looks more appealing than the food selection but don't be fooled, their standard cheeseburger wasn't too bad.Had a Cesar salad for lunch, I was very surprised anchovies came fried, it was very tasty, little extra with my salad. I also had a mushroom soup, the soup csme with lots of roasted mushrooms ...way more than I expected. ..nice high quality of food, and service was great. ..I had a great dinner here the other night.   They have a selection of interesting cocktails: I had the Lady Belladonna, which was tasty, although I wished it was a little more sour (I don't really like sweet cocktails). We also tried the corpse reviver, which had a strong anise flavor, but was good.  
The appetizers were the best part of the meal: pork belly sliders melted in your mouth.  Masa tots and sweetbread nuggets were delicious, too.  
For entrees, I got the duck pastrami sandwich, and I think I was the big winner of our group.  Our party also got the lamb ribs, which were good, but a small portion, and the short ribs grilled cheese.  The fries were delicious, but suuuper salty.  Actually, most of the food was pretty salty.  I woke up in the middle of the night after eating there dying of thirst.   
Desserts were fine, but not the high point of the night. We got the dessert trio and the dessert special with banana semifreddo.  
We sat upstairs, and it got pretty loud as the space filled up.  The outside deck looked pretty sweet for warmer weather.  I'll definitely be back, but I agree with the previous reviewer who said that this place is probably best for a drink and a few small plates.Great tasty food and good service but the portions are way too small for the prices. One little biscuit per person? Wtf?Went for dinner with the boyfriend and 2 other friends. Pleasantly surprised at how good the food was for a place well known for snazzy cocktails. Each of us had polished off our meals- skate wing, steak, and scallops- all cooked very well. The menu is a little odd for this corner spot (no pun intended) but worth a visit. Looking forward to heading back for some rooftop drinks.We went to brunch here on a gray Sunday.  I made a reservation through OpenTable shortly before we left for the city.  We got there and had a short wait (a party of 9 showed up at the last minute). We had a short wait, but the hostess couldn't have been more apologetic or nicer.  
The drinks were awesome, my boyfriend had a coffee and cigarettes, and I had a floozy.  They were delicious! 
We had the plain donuts (my boyfriend doesn't like foie gras), which were a lot smaller than anticipated.  He had the regular breakfast and really enjoyed the home fries.  I had the crab Benedict (which he thankfully helped me with).  It was super delicious.  Creamed Tuscan kale, crab cakes, delicately poached eggs and spicy Old Bay Hollandaise.  Amazingly good, though incredibly rich and filling.  I got about halfway through and couldn't eat any more.  
We'll definitely go back!After my roommates had a fantastic happy hour experience here, it wasn't surprising that we ended up back at The Corner the following week. Left The Oyster House after a dozen shucks and a rum drink I wasn't too keen on and were seated at a sweet little two-top immediately. We ordered one million (read: four) drinks right away and I think the server took a liking to us. Or she thought we were drunk. Or we were.
We both had the From Jalapa with Love, which we have not stopped talking about. Pineapple, jalapeno, tequila, and something fizzy. Oh, I love when sweetness burns!  I had a glass of sparkling white, roomie had another white, and we ordered a few of the 5$ apps. Popcorn shrimp isn't about the size but the popcorn crust - like! Thought the fried pickles were great, too. Like that they were little chips rather than big, awkward spears. Roomie had the truffle grilled cheese and fries. Decadent. Delicious.
Food was yummy but the drinks, oh the drinks. Also, you cannot go wrong with the prices.
Outdoor seating wasn't available, perhaps do to construction on 13th and the rooftop was closed for a private event. I was a little apprehensive of the scene at first, since everyone there seemed to have white (old) hair but I ultimately felt both comfortable and satisfied with the experience. 
I will go back to The Corner, probably on a date or with a small group since it's a rather intimate space. 
In the meantime, we've got a jar of jalapenos and tequila sitting in a dark cabinet. Thanks for the inspiration.Walking around the Midtown area, the girls and I were on a hunt to find a place that didn't have a long wait. Considering it was the last night of Restaurant Week, we were afraid that we would need reservations. Thank goodness for The Corner! Our table of four sat upstairs (a nice little workout) and unfortunately, sat near the door to the roof deck. As smokers were trying to take their little break, we could really feel the chill!
Nevertheless, we were dying for a drink and some food! The Lady Belladonna was refreshing, and my dark and stormy was pretty good (the ginger was a bit strong, but I still liked it). We strayed away from the RW menu, and ordered off the regular menu. Our table ordered the cobb salad, pulled pork sandwich, potato gnocchi, and the bay scallops and dumplings. Food actually came out quicker than our drinks did! The food was good and well-portioned. 
All of our plates were cleaned off, and what really made this place shine is that our server kindly did separate checks since most of us brought cards. Unexpected, and it made paying so much easier!So myself and a group of friends decided to check out The Corner last night for their first ever Rooftop BBQ.  Being that we were the guinea pigs for the event we had no idea going into the night what the dinner would be like.  Let me tell you, it could not have been any more fun.  Not to mention the delicious food served from chef John Taus including barbecue baby back ribs, corn bread, collard greens, black bean and avocado salad, succotash and strawberry pound cake all for just $30.  The endless buckets of ponies ( small beers for you non beer drinkers) that the owner Tony kept supplying the tables with did not hurt either.  Overall the staff made our party feel like family and that is one of the most important aspects to having a good time with friends. I would definetly check this event out again.  We will definetly be doing so next Saturday when Chef John will be smoking and than roasting the 50 lb suckling pig that he has been salt curing all week.  Cant wait to eat that swine.This is a bit of a hidden spot. Just when I thought the night was over, one of my buddies led us up the stairs of The Corner. It's a small spot with a very cool 2nd floor outside deck.
When we arrived, the place was practically empty. The one couple that was there decided that our presence made it too crowed. After a while, two other groups joined the party. Still, it was not busy by a long shot.
Our waitress was very cool, super friendly. The drawback here is the beers are not on tap, which I really prefer. The waitress said the food is pretty good, so I might go back to taste it for myself.Love the roofdeck! My friends and I came here for dinner and drinks a couple weeks back. I was so excited that they had heat lamps on the roofdeck, and even though it was a cold night, we were able to sit outside without freezing to death. 
All of us liked the food. One friend and I had the branzino, which was a piece of fish, over potatoes. Our other friend had the scallops. The only downside was that the portions were a little smaller than we expected. We each found a beer we liked and enjoyed our meals under the stars. Towards the end of our dinner, the wind picked up and blew away the warm air from the heaters, but we stuck it out for a little longer and finished up before moving to another bar where we warmed up.
I really liked this place, and I will definitely be back to check out happy hour here!I want this place to be so good, so badly. I'm giving it a decent rating because of the decor and rooftop patio. Drinks and appetizers were decent to "meh." Service is hit or miss. I'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu; I want to love this place!short rib grilled cheese was good. buttery with two slices of thick toast. the short rib was very tender and flavorful. i usually dip my grilled cheese in ketchup....no need to here.
they had a creative menu and i'm looking forward to coming back here to try more.
one thing that i saw was weird was that the dinner napkins they give you to wipe your hands were ones that restaurants typically use to wipe down tables and clean chairs with. the white ones with the green (or red or blue) stripes down it.The Corner is modern chic and the rooftop deck is a pleasant surprise in the middle of center city, Philadelphia. The elements for the restaurant are there...location, eccentric menu, decor, interesting drink menu, etc...but I'm not a fan of the service or staff. Both of which are slow. 
In terms of food, I've had the crab cakes (dinner and appetizer), in addition to the creamed chipped duck. Everything has been phenomenal. My bloody mary was less than exceptional, and I wouldn't order it again. Happy Hour is half priced appetizers and great spritzers...but the staff will make you feel like Happy Hour is the worst time of the day. You are inconveniencing THEM by spending money at their establishment, and they are just counting the minutes until drinks are full priced again.A nice place to stop in for dinner. Service was ok at best. It took a while to get a beer refill.  Also the space is pretty cramped so make sure you get a table early.  How ever the food was very good and pretty high quality definitely not a diner.  Prices were a bit on the high side for the portion you get, but that is just me.  Stop in if youd like a nice dinner.Went to the Corner on Valentine's day for dinner.  We were greeted with complimentary pink champagne, cha-ching.  We had a variety of apps and 2 entrees, of the most notable were the ribs with sticky, sweet bbq  over pickled sliced cucumber.  Smalls plates, so order many if you are hungry since many do not come with a starch.  And Nick, you rock.In the throng of 13th street spots, I find this one one of the better ones, generally filled with locals, not tourists, and with food and drink that pleases the palate. Their happy hour is a well-kept secret with specialty cocktails, beer and finger food for low prices. In nice weather the rooftop garden is one of the nicest al fresco spots around (though that secret has long been shared with... everyone so it's not easy to get a seat). And their inventive drinks keep me thirsty and coming back for more. The upstairs lounge is also a great spot for getting a group together after work and coming and going at their leisure. The food is good, but the Korean fried chicken is insane. A plentiful bowl for a low price, the sweet and spicy wings are covered with scallions and sesame seeds and make me lick my fingers greedily afterward. My only complaint--open before 5! Even 4:30 so I can snag a rooftop table before everyone else gets here.Had dinner and drinks with a friend last night to catch up. Not one of my favorite places, but the food was definitely good. We decided to split some snacks, so we ordered the artichoke dip and the crab fritters. I'm a huge seafood fan, and I LOVED the fritters. The artichoke dip wasn't bad, but for me it was just ok. For our entree we both ordered the white bean chili (wth pork belly pieces). I'm a meat eater... and this dish was delicious! It had a little bite to it, so if you don't like spicy foods this may not be the dish for you. 
For my drink I ordered the Witch Hammer which was quite yummy. I wouldn't be able to drink these all night, though. So I went with a glass of wine afterwards. I would certainly go back and try some of their other cocktails, as well as some of their other dishes. 
Oh, and we tried going to Zavino first, which is doors away. They had a 45 minute wait, but The Corner was able to seat us right away. Sometimes I worry when a place has no wait, but I was pleasantly surprised by their food and service.Incompetent hostesses
Exceptionally slow wait staff
They run out of specials at 6pm on a weekend
LAME.I've been here a few times and have yet to be disappointed.  Both their lunch special and happy hour are great deals that offer yummy food choices and legit cocktails that give you a swift kick in the butt.  At my last visit, I tried the smoked salmon perogies off of their happy hour food menu and loved every second of them!  I had to fight my boyfriend for the last one.  I had the greyhound cocktail to go along with my delicious appetizer and was very pleased.  Overall, I really enjoy this place and have always had great food and great service.Great place.  The burger was one of the best I've ever had.  We had the mac and cheese for an app which was outstanding.  The pulled pork sandwich was also a great choice.  The service was very prompt and friendly.  I highly recommend this place.You have to give a place a bump when they don't try to make you think they're something they aren't.  This is a very hip comfort food kind of hang.  They do a nice job with what they offer.  I don't care for the high tables with stools in the back and even the tables which have a banquet on one side don't have really comfortable chairs on the other.  It is pretty basic but has a nice vibe.  The menu will certainly offer something you are in the mood for.
The Tuna Tartare is not going to blow your mind but it will satisfy.  The Salted Cod Hush Puppies were really tasty and unusual to say the least.  The fried chicken really hit the spot and had that great contrast with the crispy exterior without bordering on greasy and a wonderfully moist interior.  The sliders were nicely done and you couldn't ask for more really.
The prices are reasonable and the corkage is only $15.  Our waiter was very good and just a note to another post here.  Any busy restaurant uses runners to bring dishes to the table.  The tip you leave goes to them as well as the waiter, so don't punish them just because you didn't think your waiter was up to par or didn't seem to do anything.We were a bit hesitant when we walked in and the place was virtually empty, but I have to say although the menu is unique, the osso bucco was fantastic!  Nice small, quiet place for a small group of people or couple to enjoy a nice meal.  I'd probably go back when I get back to Philly.  Friendly waitress.  Long narrow restaurant probably not great for more than 4 in your party, but we did not see the dining room upstairs.  "Mom's meatloaf" got thumbs up as well.Just had dinner this past week at The Corner.  Wow, what a find.  The food was fantastic, the service wonderful and I can't wait to go back.  The hotel we were staying at told us about this little place, we wanted something close by that we could walk to, something a little more casual and not too terribly expensive.  this place fit the bill.  I can't wait to go back.  We had the fried cauliflower, the buttermilk fried chicken and a few other things--all were absolutely fantastic!  Quaint, small, romantic and eclectic.Went here with the ladies for Center City Sips Happy Hour event. Being a mild summer evening the roof top deck was packed and we were not allowed up. The restaurant has their own happy hour menu downstairs, so we decided to stay. We weren't too crazy about the Lady Belladonna; be sure that you like cardamon first, but the sangria was pretty good.
The sweet & spicy wings are more on the sweet side and very messy. The pork belly sliders were delicious, but I am a sucker for pork belly.
The staff was cold, but warmed up quickly. 
I am not sure that I would rush back for dinner, but its a nice HH spot if your around 13th st.Modern American at it's best !!!!So it's a Friday night at 7 pm and my friends and I forgot to make a reservation. Surprisingly we were seated immediately. My initial thoughts were that it is a smaller and oddly shaped restaurant. The variety of music was great and a great atmosphere. Service I thought was pretty decent considering that they became pretty busy a few moments after my group had arrived.
The drink menu did not have much and seemed like a it was comfort food but with twists. For a "new american cuisine" restaurant/cafe and you see korean fried chicken wings that wasn't the best way to win me over. 
We ordered: 
korean fried chicken wings
spicy tuna tartar
Pat Lafrieda bacon & blue cheese burger
Mac and cheese
The korean fried chicken wings, I was expecting them to be either a big bigger or a bit more. They were done well though. 4/5
The spicy tuna tartar had great chips and avacado puree to go along with it. But I was really hoping for that spicy kick and fell short, but still a great dish and fine presentation. 4/5
The Mac and cheese was on the heavier and thicker side, but that is to be expected when you blend ricotta and cheddar.  3/5
The Pat Lafrieda bacon & blue cheeseburger was great, I did make the switch and opted for a different type of cheese (not a fan of blue cheese). Asked for a medium burger and I received a medium burger. It was juicy and rich in flavor. However the fries that came along with the burger was very heavy on the salt. I was hoping the burger was going to be a bit burger but that's just me being glutenous since the burger was great. 5/5
I definitely would go here again and recommend anyone on stopping by for some comfort food here. I would love to try the pork sliders, the littleneck clams, and the seared scallopsNot stoked about this place... at all. I wasn't a huge fan when it was APO and I am just as underwhelmed now. The drinks are, well, yuck. I've tried a number of drinks off the menu and I am just not impressed. They are either weak and expensive or gross and expensive.
I have eaten here for Sips and had an equally lackluster experience. I don't even recall what I ate and I LOVE food... if a dish is any good I am sure to remember it. 
FInally, this place is crowded during Sips. TOO CROWDED. It's hard to get the attention of the waitstaff to order -- waiting for them to return with your order is not much better.  
I gave this place 2 tries. Now I'm over it.I'm going to start this by disclosing that i'm extremely upset by the closing of APO (the previous bar/restaurant that occupied this space.  That being said, The Corner is not a complete loss.  The $$$ price range is surprising to me, for a bar, but it is honest.  At $16 my pulled pork sandwich was a bit steep.  Served on a brioche with a more vinegar-y based BBQ sauce, it was quite delicious.  The pork was very tender and the sauce was a nice change of pace, with only a slight hint of sweetness.  The fries come well seasoned with a salt and garlic? mixture.  The duck pastrami sandwich at $14 was nice, although a bit small. The meat was well seasoned and came with homemade potato chips.  The warm potato salad appetizer ($8) was complimented nicely with a poached egg on top that added richness, along with the truffle that was speckled throughout.  It did end up being a bit salty, but still a good dish.  Cocktails will run you $9-11 and wine is about the same.  Bottles however seem to be quite reasonable, with decent options available in the $30-$40 range.  The restaurant is fairly dark, but considering it seems to be just as much a bar as a restaurant, i wasn't entirely surprised by that.Came here last Thursday with Jackie for Happy Hour drinks and a snack.
Went to the upstairs bar which was not so crowded, I got a couple of Dirty Vodka Martini's and Jackie got the Mothers Little Helper and then a glass of the Sparkling.  
We ordered the PORK BELLY SLIDERS which if you mention YELP during Happy Hour Appetizers are FREE ... 
These were the tastiest sliders I have ever had, slightly crunchy and moist and perfect amount of meat, no skimping here.We came to Center City on Sunday to go to the Reading Terminal and decided to have brunch before.  After all, you shouldn't go grocery shopping on an empty stomach.  There were three of us and we share two entrees - the Stuffed French Toast and the Crab Cakes.  The atmosphere is awesome - the interior is mostly hardwood and also cool to note is that although it is bench seating on one side of the table, they have put chair back sticking out of the bench.  The interior looks like a good NYC restaurant from the 1950s.  
The food.  First, the stuffed french toast is on the less sweet side, which I like.  They add strawberry jam in the center and peanut butter mouse on top.  Be sure to spread the mouse so that you can enjoy the combination with each bite.  Although the ingredients are similar to PB&J, this is much better than any PB&J sandwich I ate as a kid.  Second, we shared the crab cakes.  The crab cakes are excellent - just the right time in the pan and the add the perfectly season bed of corn and you have an excellent meal.  To really take it to the next level though, there are also two poached eggs included - one atop each crab cake.
The service was excellent.  Food arrived quickly and drinks remained full - I like Diet Coke, and a lot of it, so refills are essential.
All in all, an excellent Sunday Brunch experience in Center City.I went here the other night with three friends mostly because one of them had a living social voucher that was about to expire.  I've walked by this place several times, but honestly never noticed it was there, which is sad because it's a pretty nice restaurant.
For appetizers, we ordered the fried pickles and the salted cod hush puppies.  While I really didn't care for either of these apps, the general feeling from the table was that they were just alright.   Don't give up on The Corner just based on appetizers, though, because dinner was delicious.  We ordered the popcorn shrimp, stuffed baby eggplant, seared arctic char, and the weekly pasta special (which happened to be lamb in a mint sauce over orecchiette pasta).  There was not one plate that went unlicked.  I sampled each and every entree and was so impressed with how good they were.  
Dessert - GET THE MORE THAN A S'MORE.  Sweet lord, it's so good.
Service was great; food was pretty good too - I will definitely be back here....just not for any of the appetizers :)
PS - It just so happened that we went on the hottest day of the year, so we didn't want to check out the roof deck, but this is definitely something on my list.  Check it out!I think it is my fault that I always have an uncomfortable meal at this place.  From high points to low point:
Great appetizers, fantastic Mac and cheese.  
I do like the design of the space and the cocktails are excellent.  They also get points for having an excellent beer menu with my favorite Southampton double white. 
The large portions of comfort food are very inviting for an over-indulger like myself. My advise is to proceed with caution. For whatever reason the saltiness has twice caused me to have to completely neglect my dinner plate.
Avoid the very affordable $35 three course meal unless you are seriously in it to win it.This has to be the worst meal on which I've ever spent $50 in Philadelphia.  I went there out of desperation during the PIFA street fair because every other resto on 13 Street was jammed and I had my hungry son with me.  I had the truffle grilled cheese, which was a few bites of tasteless cheese with dry short rib on dry bread, with burned brown fries on the side -- for $14!  My son had the mac and "cheese," which was a few handfuls of pasta shells under an unidentifiable white sauce closer to liquified glue than cheese.  For $8!  He also had cold baked beans.  Have you ever seen a kid leave over more than half his mac and cheese and not even want to take it home??
I ordered a Bombay Sapphire martini -- pretty standard, right?  Nope -- they have no Bombay Sapphire.  Then I tried for a margarita, which I'd had in mind since we gave up on waiting for El Vez.  Nope -- not possible either.  I switched to one of their $12 "specialty" drinks, which was some kind of generic orange liquid in a small cup.  We ordered the baked beans and the surly waiter said they don't have baked beans.  I showed them to him on the menu and he said they were out of them but he'd check.  That was the last we heard about it until the (cold) beans showed up.  The busboy stopped by randomly, as we were still eating, to ask if we were done; when the waiter did ultimately clear the plates, he dropped half the food on the ground and then yelled at the busboy to go away and do something else, he could handle it. His demeanor throughout the meal was that of a hostage with a gun to his head -- which I guess is understandable for someone working at this restaurant.Excellent food. Definitely try the Masa Tots - really enjoyed their Cheeseburger and the scallops were really great. So happy I tried it!These people don't deserve to work seriously. I went there with my gf and dad in order to have a good time and we got food that was incredibly expensive and pretty bad. I paid 17 bucks for a toasted sandwich with a tiny tiny bit of meat inside, soaked in oil, and some VERY salty fries. It didnt even say it was a sandwich so I was expecting a real dish... didnt happen... And the sandwich was a freaking shame. My Dad had the seafood hotdog, a big joke (a sausage supposedly made out of seafood but it looked really bad and tasted even worse). To finish this great meal we partly wanted to pay with a livingsocial deal but that was not even possible: the hostess came and explained that we could not because it was written very small at the end that "walk-ins" are not accepted... Freaking joke, bad food and bad peopleTo be honest, my husband and I were so starved by the time we arrived at The Corner for dinner, they could've served us just about anything and we would've devoured it. That said, the food was good and the service was quick and friendly. We went with the pulled pork sandwich and burger. It would've been nice to sit on the rooftop deck, but it was closed for an event.I was a fan of The Corner, until two weeks ago when I stopped in for dinner. I was handed a menu and my excitement was deflated as fast as a kid finding out Santa isn't real. Where did all the good comfort food go? The popcorn shrimp- GONE. Brisket sandwich- nowhere in sight. Our waiter informed us that The Corner longer serves brunch? Come On! I still think the drinks are good and I enjoy the chill ambiance of the upstairs couch area, but bring back the good food!
Thanks to our server for working with us as we tried to figure out what to settle for on the menu. I decided to get bread pudding, for dinner, yes the dessert. One of my dining partners had the burger which looked pretty good and another had the mushroom soup, which was really good. 
Management: go ahead and change your menu on open table to your new one, the old one will only disappoint customers.A solid three stars. Drinks were great, had the sangria, strawberry smash(amazing), and a Bengali tiger(way over priced at $7 for a can... When the whole case costs less the $38) ...
Food was mixed... Had the fried jalapeño and cream cheese starter(under snacks) Which was very tasty. My girlfriend had the burger which I had a bite of, perfectly cooked which is oddly hard to find sometimes...and I had the bacon wrapped pork. The only plus on my dish was that my pork was cooked to a perfect medium. Everything else about it was meh. No flavor , needed some spice or tang. Advertised to come with watercress and didn't... 
Our service was great, however looking around I noticed that other ppls service was not. We sat upstairs on the patio were there were 10 tables mostly deuces packed tightly together . Our server (Shuli) was very fast but when everyone sits at once its near impossible to give great service. To give them credit I don't think they were expecting a pop on a Saturday in the summer when everyone is down the shore.
Will definitely be back for apps and drinks for sure.Thought this was a great late night spot.  Went straight upstairs to the bar (those stairs can be a workout!). The place was cozy! They have a separate bar menu with $3 beers, $4 wines, and $5 cocktails and champagne. They also had a $5 appetizer menu, but we got there well after the kitchen closed. The roof deck looked open, but it was a bit chilly to hang out there, so we grabbed a few seats at the bar as the night settled down. Friends ordered the mother's little helper (bourbon, maple, pumpkin, lemon, and bitters) which was interestingly good, and I stuck to the champagne!
I've always wanted to do Sips here, but I was glad that we were able to sit down at the bar and have a casual conversation without fighting the crowds! The bartender was super friendly, and he schooled us in some of the ingredients he puts in his drinks. Totally cool!Yes, the food was good, but for the prices ($16 for a Hamburger??)  we could have done much better.  The portions were fine, but the taste was forgettable.The food, atmosphere and service in the downstairs restaurant at The Corner are really good: 4 stars. The drinks in the upstairs rooftop bar are truly 5 stars. 
They have Mezcal, which I never see at bars in Philadelphia, the bartenders are very inventive and are happy to go off menu for you.
The food was great, the muffins at the start of the meal are delicious, the heirloom tomato mozzarella salad was fresh and flavorful. 
Will definitely return!I have had three mediocre experiences here. This place  just doesn't stand up to my expectations, it just isn't as good as APO.
I have tried a few drinks from here one being a maple bourbon drink that was sticky sweet, the maple syrup covered up any bourbon taste. I have a had a warm champagne cocktail which was pretty horrible as well.
On my last(and final) visit I came in with some friends for happy hour, we tried some bites like sliders and other munchie business, even with happy hour discounts I was not impressed! During this visit I had a wine based cocktail which was super warm and bitter.
I would not come here again if given a choice. Next time I will stick with beer.This is a cool place. I came here on a Saturday night looking to chill and I got just that. My friend and I sat upstairs on their rooftop. Luckily, we were the only ones there. The heat lamps helped out since it was still a tad cold out. 
For dinner we ordered the cheese plate, fried chicken wings and ham and cheese sandwich. The cheese plate was great. There was a selection of three different cheeses with complementing fruits, spreads and nuts. The bread that came with it was delicious as well. FYI - you might need to ask for more bread since there were four small slices that came with it. The wings were exactly as described. The ham and cheese came as an open sandwich. It had a great taste. I am happy I ordered it.
I would love to come back when it's warmer out to try their other foods and drinks.I was pretty excited about this place; the menu is right up my alley and it had the right vibe for me.  Unfortunately I was let down.
- Sweeetbread Nuggets: Tasty little things, but underseasoned and served with two massively underwhelming sauces
- Salt Cod Hush Puppies: Pretty solid, with a really delicious dipping sauce.  One of the more successful dishes
- Pork Belly Sliders: Really disappointing.  Pork belly was I think braised, which made it tough and not tender, plus way too much spicy mustard so the meat's flavor was hardly there.  You know pork belly is disappointing when there are three silders for four people... and one just sits there til the end of the meal.
- Truffled Grilled Cheese w Short Ribs:  This was the winner of the night.  The short ribs were just melt-in-your-mouth tender.  My only complaint is that it didn't have much cheese at all... more of a short rib sandwich with a touch of cheese.
- Seafood Hot Dog: Pretty good, very fresh and light.  This would be a great lunch.
- Fried Chicken:  I'd heard great things and was let down.  Chicken wasn't all that tender and juicy, the skin was a little crispy which was nice but it wasn't thick-crusted-crunchy-fried like I was hoping.
Overall it was an underwhelming (but not exactly bad) execution of a menu I was excited to love.After two employees made us wait for them to walk through the door, the hostess told our party of 3 that the wait for an outside table would be at least an hour "for a party of your size"... despite the fact that we had a reservation.
45 minutes after being seated our drinks were empty and the appetizers hadnt made an appearance.
To keep a long story short, we ended up waiting over an hour for our food in a somewhat empty dining room and received relatively poor service. When the food finally came out the chef brought it personally, apologized, and comped a portion of our order.
The portions were a little tight and the menu a little lacking in variety, but everything we ordered did taste pretty good. The experience was worth a 2, but given the attempt to remedy the situation and the quality of the food I'm assuming they are normally a 3 - 3.5.The best brunch I've ever had. The foie gras donuts--jelly donuts with a foie gras mousse instead of jelly--were absolutely stunning. The sweet and savory was at perfect play and it was rich and decadent and just generally a thing of intense and powerful beauty.
The creamed and chipped duck was similarly a rich and potent experience. When I had a bite of it after having had a healthy hunk of my foie gras doughnuts, I was nearly moved to tears.Tried The Corner the other day after purchasing a LivingSocial deal for it.
One cool thing, even though we had a livigsocial, they allowed me to eat off of the restaurant week menu. Though I wasn't blown away by anything, it was all pretty good, though next time I'll definitely order some different things. 
My meal consisted of the pork belly sliders (good, interesting texture), caesar salad (not bad, but you can DEFINITELY taste the anchovies), the corner burger (cooked well, but pretty standard burger, no special toppings or anything to write home about), and the pound cake (my least favorite, this was not what I expected it to be...). Like I said, a good meal overall, but I definitely wanna try their other items which sounded a lot more appealing.
The reason I did give it 3 stars, however, is because my fiance's items were actually A LOT better. She got the jalapeno grit cakes, which we both really enjoyed, and the mac & cheese, which was definitely our favorite! I definitely recommend getting the mac & cheese, if nothing else. 
Overall a good meal, plus the bill was not bad either (although the livingsocial deal definitely helped in that regard)!I haven't had a full meal here yet (yet being the key word) but me and my friends appetizer/dessert meal was fantastic.
We sat at one of the bar high-top tables, She got the pork sliders and somehow coursed me into trying one, before I knew it I had scarfed down the entire thing. Then I turned me attention to my chocolate cake dessert. It was very similar to a molten-chocolate cake. it had a gooey warm center and was a nice darker chocolate and wasn't sickeningly sweet. 
The decor is adorable and I would love to go back and sit on their roofdeck as it looks adorable. Our server was super sweet too and attentive enough, but not annoyingly so. 
love it!Motivated by many favorable reviews, five of us visited here prior to a performance. We will not return. We were seated promptly on our arrival and even given a choice of a table. Every crew member we encountered was pleasant, friendly, and helpful. The food and service, however, were a disappointment. We waited far too long between courses. Even the pleasant mini corn muffins arrived half way through our drinks. And, because we had a time issue, we had to ask about the status of our entrees.  The truffled potato leek soup was insipid, thin and weak flavored. The smallest piece of monk fish ever presented was tough(yes tough!)and flavorless. The branzino was quite good though with a minamalist presentation. The cheeseburgers were......cheeseburgers though one, ordered medium, came out well. The room was way too loud.Nice, intimate restaurant. Korean BBQ wings and brussel sprouts were a hit. Crab cake sandwich was mediocre- would recommend the blue cheese burger. Micro beer selection limited but solid.eh, was OK but ... eh.
I went in with a friend on a friday night around 8:30ish.  There were some open tables inside but we were told to wait.  They took our number and said they needed to wait to see if reservations would be in on time or if they could give us a table and it should only be 10-20 minutes to know.  I got a call less than 3 minutes later.  Came back in and there were half a dozen tables empty on one of the busiest nights with great weather.  So the hood was packed everywhere else and that made me wonder...  
I ordered a negroni but the bar apparently was new to this concept and the server came back twice with questions like "gin?"  "on the rocks?"  When it arrived it looked like they put oj in it, as it was opaque.  It tasted ok-ish  but was pricy for house gin.  The entrees were around $17 and $18 that we ordered and they were very tasty.  Good food but small portions.  I wondered if this was a tapas restaurant.  We requested a second helping of the complimentary buttermik mini-muffins they gave us.  Those were decadent actually.
  The service, however, while quite friendly,  was very inexperienced.  We were feeling rushed.  We were asked if we wanted drinks before we could open the menus.  Our food order was taken promptly after that (within a minute).  The ordeal of making an exotic drink like a negroni slowed em down a bit I suppose.  So we had two sips out of our drink when they dropped off those incredible muffins.  Before I could butter mine, our main dishes arrived.  Nicely presented if not small.  Then the muffin plate was swooped up before we knew it.  As my friend finished his last bite, his plate was taken away.  He asked for more muffins and the server had to bring more plates for him just for that. haha.
I only had my last mouthful in my mouth when we were asked if we wanted dessert.  We decided not to and the bill was on the table by the end of that sentence. 
I wonder if the server was just very new or they're all like that here... rush jobs.  I should admit, Im rambling now.  Probably because Im still conflicted with the price, the portions and service vs. the decent food (which always weighs heavy for me).  Hmm.  You decide.
I do think this place deserves a 2.5 star rating but will settle on 2.  No hard feelings, but no desire to return.The atmosphere was gorgeous. The wooden structures were beautiful and our table was very creatively designed. The wait staff was helpful and quick. The alcohol list was interesting and I tried a few things I've never had before and they were delicious and unique. I thought the place looked pretty fancy so when i saw the prices on the menu i was surprised at how inexpensive most things were. The portion sizes were SO SMALL. My boyfriend and I got the Gnocchi and it was delicious but i could have eaten it in 2 minutes if i didnt take my time. Its a great date-place not a place to go with a group of friends. 
Whoever was in charge of the music in the place did an amazing job! They played very chill Indie-rock and pop-indie that was quite a difference from normal restaurants in the area who play top 40 hits or some other garbage. Great atmosphere overall.Service was incredibly slow, menu was unimaginative, artichoke dip was flavorless, and they were sold out of the 4 best menu items by 8 pm. Very overpriced for boring food. Would never go back.Dined here last Friday. It was good, but certainly didn't live up to the review that was in the Inquirer two weeks ago. Our appetizers came immediately after we ordered them - almost scary how fast they came. Then we waited, and waited, and waited for our second course - as in more than an hour! No offer of a round of drinks, or dessert, or even an apology. May go back again at some point, but certainly in no hurry.On a Thursday night, the place was pretty packed.  I had to sit at the bar .. and the barstools were somewhat unbalanced, leaving me with a minor backache by the time I was finished.  Appetizer was deviled eggs, which were good.  I had a chicken pot pie which was just okay.  It definitely tasted fresh and homemade, but the crust vs chicken vs sauce was somewhat unbalanced.  The crust was very thick, there was a ton of chicken, and not all that much sauce.. and I think the only vegetable I found in there was peas.  The result was a fairly dry pot pie.     The service was friendly and the food came out in a decent amount of time.  The bartender was friendly but he didn't engage in much conversation with me.  A couple of his friends showed up and ended up getting all his attention.  I wasn't charged for my beer but I'm not really sure if that was intentional, because he didn't mention it.  The chatter volume in the place was very high.  But overall not a bad experience considering the location.If you're caught up on the food scene on 13th street, you undoubtedly know that The Corner has undergone another transformation - this time to its name as well. On June 2nd, it reopened as Mamou, highlighting South Central Louisiana cuisine. The executive chef recently opened Strangelove's and served as sous at Parc.
The first time I went to The Corner was back in 2012 - they had a great burger and an awesome pork belly slider app. Since then, things have gone downhill a bit, but I wanted to take a trip down memory lane and look back on The Corner's second run.  
One of the perks of The Corner is their outdoor rooftop patio, but that's only open after 5PM. So the GF, our friend, and I sat inside for brunch. 
Expatriate ($9)
Pimms, mint tea, gin, lemon, cucumber
The girls had the expatriate - Pimms is always nice, with the mint and gin on the forefront and the citrus coming through on the end. 
Coffee and Cigarettes ($9)
Famous Grouse Scotch, cold brew, demerara, fernet, egg white 
I went with the Scotch-based tipple. Made with Famous Grouse, this had nice peat which melded well with the cold coffee. Smoky, with a hint of citrus, with the coffee and demerara brown sugar coming through on the finish. The froth of the egg whites helped to create a somewhat creamy concoction. 
Breakfast Burrito ($13)
Chorizo, pico de gaillo, avocado, scrambled eggs, homefries
The GF went with the breakast burrito. You got a nice hit from the chorizo, but overall, the burrito could have used more seasoning. Still, it was filled to the brim with plenty of chorizo, eggs, and avocado. The home fries had some nice bit to it, mixed with sweet red peppers.
Crab Cakes Benedict ($16)
Creamed tuscan kale, poached eggs, Old Bay hollandaise 
Our friend and I both had the crab cake benedict. Unfortunately, the hollandaise came out cold and the Old Bay was faint, if any. Also, I'm sure not if the creamed tuscan kale were the bits of miniscule green on the plate, but I'm not sure where that came into play. Still, the crabcakes were solid and the poached eggs were on points. The corn was a nice element to the dish as well.
Cheesy Grits ($4)
I couldn't help but order some cheesy grits and frankly, this was one of the best bites all morning. The grits were exceptionally creamy, with some sharpness from the cheddar. The bite from the onions really made the dish.
Overall, The Corner didn't blow my mind the second time around and clearly, it wasn't doing it with all the exceptional competition on 13th street. Also, I was looking forward to the foie gras doughnuts, but unfortunately, they were out. Possibly another reason this place has gone downhill. How can you be out of something you should ideally be selling out the door? Add this to the fact that there was only one server on a Saturday for brunch - it's clear that The Corner was on its way out. Hopefully Mamou will do much better in this bright space.The Corner was an unexpectedly fantastic dinner experience. Neither my boyfriend nor I had ever been to Philly, and took a quick trip on a whim. We didn't have dinner plans, and found a reservation for a prime time at The Corner on Opentable. We walked in and the restaurant (save for the upstairs roofdeck) was empty, so we weren't quite sure what to expect. We started with cocktails at the upstairs bar, and they set the tone for our entire experience. I had the Lady Belladona, and he had the Sazerac. Both were unexpected and delicious. For dinner, we shared several appetizers and one entree. The first appetizer, the tuna tartare with watermelon, was amazing. It left us speechless. The popcorn shrimp and the pork-belly sliders were also lovely. The entree (special of the day of skirt steak) was the only piece we weren't blown away by.  That was quickly redeemed by the warm brownie with stout ice cream.  It was the perfect ending to a meal I'd travel back to Philly again for. I cannot believe that it wasn't packed that night.I stumbled across The Corner one night after El Vez and other neighborhood restaurants had a long wait.  My friend and I walked into The Corner, and it was very crowded.  
The friendly hostess told us that it would be about a 20 minute wait, and I suggested that we eat at the bar.  She got the manager, whom made some changes to the hostess chart, and told us to follow him to this adorable little table.
Our server was unbelievable, offered suggestions, and checked on us to make sure we liked everything we ordered.  The manager walked by with a buscuit on a plate, and my friend commented that it looked great.  Not five minutes later, the manager brought my friend a fresh, warm buscuit, because he overheard him.  
All in all, this place can become a favorite of mine, as the service and food was nothing short of excellent!  The place is cozy and we were very comfortable.  For now on, I will be dining at The Corner instead of the overpriced, mediocre Steven Starr restaurants!Comfort food with a twist! Went here for dinner with some girlfriends and was so pleasantly surprised. The space itself is really small but I enjoyed the atmosphere. We started out with the deviled eggs & fried jalapeno cream cheese balls- both were great. I had the truffle grilled cheese which was a lot of bread but I still really enjoyed it. I will definitely be returning to try the rooftop, hush puppies and crab cake sandwich!I went out this past Saturday night (1/5/13) to the Corner with my husband and some friends. The atmosphere was nice but it was quite loud and not conducive for talking. The waitress we had was nice but a bit flaky. It took her at least a half hour to get our drinks. We then were suppose to order our food but the waitress "forgot" her pen and didn't come back for another 15 min. We then ordered our food and it took an hour to get our appetizers, then an hour to get our entrees. The food was edible but not great in taste. My husband ordered two drinks for him and his buddy but it came to them totally not proportioned with the amount of alcohol in each glass. My husband got way too much alcohol in his and his buddy not enough. We then ordered our dessert, which seemed like it took another hour to get. The french toast, peanut butter, bacon combo was just plain wrong. The Blondie brownie was good but the caramel sauce was way too sweet. We got there at 2045 and left at 2345. It took way too long to get our meals, the meals weren't great and it was too expensive. GIven this first time experience I would not come back.I love The Corner.  I loved the Corner before last night.  I've had great Manhattans there.  I've had nice dinners before going to a game.  I've had good experience after experience.
Last night I got engaged at The Corner.  It would've been an amazing night no matter what, but the food, ambiance and service made the night absolutely perfect.  The korean chicken wings were so delicious!  The drinks were excellent.  The view and space is great.  The people at the Corner were so helpful.  They helped me pull off the big surprise! There was nothing I would have wanted to change about last night.  I would say more but I am too happy!
The night was truly perfect.It was a bit of a wait, but the server was attentive and let us know the kitchen was backed up... very appreciated, so at least I know where I'm standing.  He was quick with drink refills, and when the food came, it was all very good.  I liked the crowd and the overall feel of the place.Not bad, not great is how I describe this place.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty standard... a bit overpriced for the quality.
The decor and atmosphere are great and they have an excellent drink menu.
I'll be back but probably only for happy hour and appetizers.  I hear the roof deck is really fun in the warmer months.