This is one of those old hotels with a stately feel, some beautiful architecture, and large rooms. Sometimes there is a fine line between charming old hotel, and just old hotel. This one still has charm. Sure, the soundproofing between the rooms isn't great, but that's just about the only complaint I had.
We stayed points, so I can't speak to the value, but the location is tremendous. It's right in the heart of the city, and there is a Septa stop on the corner. We ate locally, and then took Septa down to the sports complex for a concert. After the concert, we hit the hotel bar. The service was incredibly slow, but there was a post-wedding party going on, and the place was mobbed. They did an OK job of keeping up with the crowd.
I have no hesitation recommending this hotel for anyone looking for an upscale stay in the heart of Philadelphia.This was our third stay at the Bellevue in Philadelphia and will definitely stay again. It is a lovely hotel with beautiful rooms. The staff is always pleasant and approachable.  My husband had mentioned that we were staying for your anniversary and they surprised us with a bottle of champagne delivered to our room.!This place was awesome. I had trouble finding parking but you just look for the Belleville Parking and it should take you right under the hotel. The staff was super nice...they were so responsive and really friendly and helpful. The suite was cleaned, and tidy. The only bad thing i have to say about this place is the elevators...are super slow... and super super super slow. From our room we couldn't hear much noise. They accidentally got our room a wake up call at 6am...kinda not happy but their service makes up for it.Great hotel. The location is convenient and the rooms are nice. Strongly recommend for a night in the city.Great value if you are using points. Really great value compared to Marriott and Hilton. The place is gorgeous.  Easy parking, right off broad. Self park or valet. All sorts of amenities.  Huge room. Really huge rooms. Two queen beds take up almost no space. Needs a 70 inch TV because the room is so large. 
Only been there this one time and only stayed for one night. Will absolutely be back.An elegant old Philadelphia hotel!  The architecture is beautiful. It's located at broad and Walnut so it's convenient to shopping in Rittenhouse, Macys and a short walk to 13th street and reading terminal.  It's also not too far from Old City.  Be sure to check out the amazing views from the upper floors and have a cocktail on XIX!Grand location and setting with some updates worthy of note but within a couple days that charm wears thin.  Champagne toast to a new year upon arrival and suite upgrades for Platinum advanced planners (our room had fireworks views) is always a nice perk but comes at a cost of course.  
This is NOT a business hotel and although accommodating and comfortable with access to business district it isn't top notch service most travelers for business will be satisfied with.  I'd say the grandeur is perfect for tourists and location is central as well but the dating of the hotel is difficult to overcome no matter how many renovations are done.Stayed here after a night at XIX (19-awesome restaurant) Staff was friendly, room service was a nice touch for a later than midnight snack. Rooms are a little outdated.This is a centrally located gorgeous hotel in the heart of Philly, but it lacks all the niceties and luxuries that one normally associates with a 5 star hotel.  The hotel is oddly configured, so one spends most of their time navigating a variety of slow moving elevators and hallways that lack any real direction.  The staff are eager to help, but fall short - they love to ask if anything is wrong, but don't really care about fixing the problem.  The rooms are nicely appointed, but don't expect internet connections or a toilet that functions 100%.  The best part of the whole place is the beautiful grand ballroom.the location of this hotel is great!  the amenities of this hotel could easily make this hotel to be the best of philly.  oh and the rooms are freaking huge!I had no idea what to expect when my friend suggested we grab drinks for happy hour at the Hyatt.  I figured it'd be some booshy lounge like those found in the Meatpacking district in Manhattan.  I was completely wrong.  Once we made it up to the top floor to XIX, my breath was taken away.  The building ceilings were high and arched and the room itself looked like a period piece.  It was absolutely breath taking.  We grabbed a seat and ordered from a limited happy hour menu--$5 for fancy drinks, but unfortunately the happy hour only runs until 6PM.  I would rate this a five star, and the only thing holding me back from that is that I haven't actually stayed the night in the hotel.  I would want to see how the accommodations and service was before giving this the full five starts.  Otherwise, this is a MUST visit site, and a great break from the traditional dive bar happy hours.  I would definitely recommend this place!This is a swanky little joint!  I was there for New Year's Eve and the rooms were like ones you would see at a boutique hotel, it was very nice with personality.  
The bar was nice with bartenders that were very cool!  We had a great time!Incredible.  We stayed here over Thanksgiving while visiting the fam in Philly.  Room was charming, in an old school kind of way.  Service was out of this world.  They brought us oysters after hours, even though oysters were only on the daytime menu and the "oyster guy" had left.  Drinks were delicious.  We bought them at the bar and brought them up to our room.  Best mojito ever.  (I'm a connoisseur.)  We mentioned that we needed some water to the bartender, and he gave us multiple HUGE Voss waters for free.  Additionally, they knock on your door at night and drop off bottled water.  I am always so thirsty when I travel, so this was fantastic.
There is no wheelchair ramp here, and the valet guys carried our baby and stroller up and down the stairs multiple times a day.  They treated her like a baby princess.  I love them for that.
The location is great.  It's just steps from all of the swanky Chestnut and Walnut street shopping.  Hands down, the best place to stay when visiting Philly.I stayed here for four nights while attending a conference here in Philadelphia. It's very clean and quiet inside the hotel. Street noise is present and expected since its close to busy street. I went to the gym one evening and it was super crowded and the treadmills were too close together. They catered breakfast and lunch for conference and it was very tasty. The staff are friendly and helpful when needed and stay out of your way when you don't. Overall I enjoyed my stay and definitely recommend this hotel for business travelers.This place is so nice that I almost don't want to tell people about it to be sure I can get a room whenever I want. Comfy beds, classic decor. Friendly staff and a great restaurant. Great for a romantic getaway.This place has the worst customer service. For starters, their Google results show they provide free parking. When I mentioned this I was very rudely cut off by the receptionist stating she had  been there for 17 years and never have provided that. Then she went to tell me the parking charges, which were drastically different from what I found on the website. So I then asked about their oversized vehicle disclaimer, which is that their garage clearance in only 6 feet high. And if your vehicle is over that height you have no option but to pay for valet parking at a premium rate. I was then hung up on by the manager when he said he was going to verify clearance of the garage, the call was ended. This is the worst hotel experience I have ever had and I haven't even stayed there. I will be cancelling my reservation and finding a hotel that is more willing to accommodate their arriving guests.Stayed here two nights on a business trip.  Loved the central location in Center City.  The staff was exceptionally polite and helpful.  The room was large and comfortable.  Nothing to complain about!  I'd stay here again without hesitation.This hotel reminds me of that "turn of the century" grand style and elegance.  The location is awesome, in the heart of the city center and right on Walnut Street.  The set up is very odd, however, with the registration desk on the 19th floor adjacent to the XIX Nineteen restaurant.  From the palatial windows, you get a breathtaking view of the city.  The concierge desk is on the ground floor where you are greeted by a grand sweeping stair case.  The floors are some type of aging mosaic petit tile flooring, which are absolutely beautiful.  And an extra nice touch is all the beautifully displayed orchids.  
The health club is awesome.  I high recommend taking advantage of the spa services at Pierre & Carlo Salon & Spa and it's nice to be able to visit The Shops at Bellevue.  And the ball room is truly amazing.  Hotel staff is good, too.
The guest rooms are huge and formally decorated.  The rooms have all the typical amenities plus nice designer toiletries.  The wallpaper is a little colorful and has a Victorian feel to it.  I just feel like the rooms are a little worn and tired and could benefit from a refurbish.  In spite of that, I had a very nice stay.This hotel is such beautiful old world charm! Staying here makes me feel like i stepped back in time to wear elegance was the standard. The service here is impecable, and the rooms are beautiful and spacious. I have a balcony that overlooks a fountain!Nostalgic hotel in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. The rooms transport you back in time and you just feel "classy" touching the crown molding and antique windows, everything is ancient and fabulous. It's very clean, quiet and the hotel staff is beyond accommodating/friendly! Walking through the hotel creates a sense of awe! I'd absolutely stay here again, what a value!!A fine place to stay.  It's turn of the century, so if you enjoy that type of decor...this is your place.  Friendly staff and clean rooms... in the center of it all.I loved this hotel, yet had some problems. Having ordered a room with two beds, I was very annoyed to find my room with only one queen. I don't know how a family of four is expected to sleep in a queen sized bed. However, service was fantastic, staff was always saying hello, and I have never been asked "How are you?" or "Is there anything you need?" so many times in one week. 
The room itself felt old-fashioned in style, almost like I had been in a 30's movie. Not only was it old fashioned, but it was small. However, it had everything I could need...and more (Who knew a shoe horn could be so useful?). 
The lobby was on the 19th floor, right off from the XIX restaurant. The hotel itself only took up about 5 or 6 floors of the 19 floor building. A Starbucks is on the first floor. 
Note: The taxi driver had no idea where the hotel was. Make sure to print out directions just in case. 
4 Star: Very fancy, exceptional staff, lovely room, and great location (right near city hall and the Kimmel Center), world-class fitness centre. 
Why not 5 Star? Getting a room we didn't ask for (at least we were charged accordingly), Lobby on the 19th Floor, and location hidden to taxi driver.Stayed at the hyatt a few times now. First off the sports club is amazing and is a must check out they offer classes, steam shower. And sauna.
The hotel itself has great service.  The first time I stayed I was offered a glass of wine at check in. Another time I shared my anniversary with them and the staff was so sweet and congratulated us. We were upgraded and given chocolate strawberries my favorite.
The view from the resturant 19 is spectacular and happy hour drinks are to die for ( lychee martini anyone?)
One thing to note is if the  room is facing the outside of the building it can be noisey, but earplugs are given as a precaution.We always stop here for Starbucks and to see Santa through the ages. Such a nice display at Christmas time.  The hotel lobby and shops are very nice and never really crowded.Nice, spotless hotel room in a beautiful historic building. Within walking distance of all the great historical sites.Good location. Rooms were nice but very sparse. Nothing comforting about them, visually. Bed was comfortable and shower was good. Staff was nice.Charming historic hotel. Beautiful architecture and decor. Originally built over one hundred years ago as the bellevue stratford and considered at the time one of the most luxurious hotels in the world.   Centrally located near city hall, theaters and restaurants. The staff is friendly, accommodating and all services are first class. My room was spotlessly clean every day. My bed was king size and very comfortable.  They have a very impressive fitness club on the fourth floor. The 19th floor has a stunning domed restaurant with awesome views of the city. I really enjoyed my stay at this Hyatt and i recommend it highly.I was here for a work event the other day and was truly amazed at this place. Not only is it beautifully kept, everyone was awesome and super attentive. There were also tons of things to munch on which was awesome as well.
All the staff I encountered were polite and helpful which is not always the case; I'd definitely consider hosting an event/staying here!My Billion Dollar Clients Were Blown Away By This Hotel. I just hosted an International Training Conference with approximately 200 attendees. Our clients are Automotive Dealerships, Dealer Groups and Automotive Vendors that Serve Car Dealerships. Our clients are all Multi Million Dollar, Hundred Million Dollar and even Billion Dollar Corporations. Some even are Publicly Traded Companies. We chose the Hyatt because of its history, because of its beauty and because of their reputation. The hotel staff executed with precision and professionalism. My attendees and my staff were both blown away. If you don't choose to book your next event at this hotel... you are failing your clients / attendees at your next event. My event is www.InternetSales20Group.comThe Hyatt knows and places active duty militairy members in substandard and defunct conditions. Do not stay here for fear of raw sewage destroying your necessary work gear.One of my least favorite conference/ hotel experiences! 
The staff was rude and absolutely unhelpful even for the most minor things! I walked in after checking out from my hotel, with my small carry-on bag, and requested I check it in at the bell desk while I'm at the conference, and they refused. First time ever I've heard a 'no' to this request I've made frequently at various hotels. 
The conference itself faced major issues with the hotel wi-fi completely conking out for a day to electric power issues. 
The service for the sit-down lunch at the conference was really slow and there just weren't enough people to make sure we got dressing for our salad or everyone on the table got served an entree. 
And then some more rude staff experiences that have little value in recounting, but worth making a note of..Lovely quaint historic hotel; we enjoyed our stay here and "Lupita" at the front desk was a breath of fresh air with all her help and suggestions; a true delight to deal with.
Its a truly gorgeous property and right in the center of the city of Brotherly love.
We highly recommend a stay here.I tried the "afternoon NutCracker tea" and was quite disappointed at my experience. The house tea blend was delicious however, I had to wait for 30 minutes at the bar while my table was set. I had reservations and arrived on time. The scones, biscuits and tea sandwiches all seemed several days old and dry. The kitchen was very close to my table and I listened to dishes clanking the entire time. I do not recommend "afternoon tea" at this place.We stayed at The Bellevue for the Eagles parade.  Unfortunately, there was an issue with our reservation which had mistakenly been cancelled.  We wanted to thank Taylor E. for handling the situation with calmness and competency.  She took great care of us and followed up the next day to make sure the issue was solved satisfactorily.  Shout out to The Bellevue for having employees who care! 
BTW, our room and location were perfect. 
We have a daughter who is getting engaged and we will now definitely add The Bellevue to our list for possible venues.  
Thank you Taylor!I can't say enough good things about this hotel and the staff here.
I stayed here 3-4 nights every week for just over a year (business in Philly) and I was well taken care of EVERY SINGLE TIME.
I'm a Hyatt diamond member so I was often upgraded to a suite (enormous) and got complimentary breakfast upstairs - see my XIX review here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/xix---nineteen-philadelphia#hrid:oWw5yvdWLldxJUjkvUCjiw
I was very touched on my last evening (when my job in Philly ended) at the hotel.  It happened to be on the same night as one of the quarterly 'Manager's Receptions' where frequent guests are invited to come mingle over snacks and drinks, and I was presented with a card signed by a number of the staff and a gift card!  
I will miss my fabulous Hyatt family in Philadelphia, and hope to get another gig in Philly someday so I can go back there.This is a gorgeous hotel in a very convenient location to shopping and restaurants.  There are a lot of options for food and shopping inside the hotel, and even a nice selection of clubs and bars.
The room was spectacular. The cleanliness of the room was superb, and I'd love to know the scent used in the room because I'd purchase it as an air freshener for my own home.
We were there for a wedding weekend, and everything was spot-on. The ballrooms were architecturally interesting too. One really feels like they have entered into a piece of history when they enter parts of this hotel.This is the best hotel I ever stayed at!!! I grew up in philly and had my Prom here. For nostalgia returned to philly for a Birthday weekend. The staff really catered to our every need and never questioned our requests they just made it happen. Even at 3 in the morning when we asked to change rooms from a King to a Double. (We didn't want our friends drinking and driving so decide they should crash at the hotel with us.) They did it with a smile and no extra charge. As a customer I was the hotels number one priority. Everything everyone said in the below reviews are right on!!!This was the final hotel at the end of our week long Northeast journey and it was a great way to end it.  We found this hotel through Priceline for a great price!  The rooms are very large and the beds were comfortable!  The bathrooms were nice with a nice amount of toiletry samples.  This hotel is located in great proximity to many things downtown.  It was a great pick!  I only wish we were staying longer. I would highly recommend staying here!My family and I enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt at the Bellevue very much.   The location was excellent - close to city center, and yet not in the traffic-congested area near the Convention Center.  The check-in and check-out processes were smooth, our room was clean and nicely furnished (suitable to the level of this hotel), and access to the fitness facilities of The Sporting Club was a nice bonus.  We also enjoyed viewing the historic Bellevue building interior with its spacious ceilings.  All in all, this was a wonderful base for a relaxing weekend in Philadelphia.Booked the hypo allergenic room for a night. If you're a dorky asthmatic like me you understand. So I completely appreciate the fact that this hotel provides rooms with air purifiers. The room was clean and spacious, also very quiet. The decor is definitely dated but if you can look past this I think you would enjoy your stay here. Staff was friendly and helpful, even booked our dinner reservation for us. If you stay on a higher floor though you have to get off the elevator at a certain floor (I forget which one) and walk around what seems to be a maze to hop on the next elevator to your floor (beware if you plan on being intoxicated!). The restaurant on the top floor, XIX Nineteen, is a classy, delicious choice for din or drinks with an amazing view. Have stayed at a couple Hyatt locations and can honestly say every stay has been enjoyable.We were late arriving and needed dinner before seeing a show. Gary, who worked at the front desk, checked seating availability of restaurants in the building but couldn't find any. While we put our things in our room, he took it upon himself to make a reservation at a restaurant around the corner for us and even paid for an appetizer that was ready when we arrived. He explained to the restaurant that we were in a hurry because we were seeing a show and they were prepared to help us when got there. Thank you Gary!
This is a nice old hotel with a lot of history, located near everything, and the staff are eager to please.My first morning here, and the clock in the room wasnt set right so I ended up waking way earlier than I wanted to. Not a big deal, but for the cost of this place its something Id think theyd be on top of...I have no complaints about this hotel. From he friendly people at the front desk during check in and check out to the room and location, everything was great. This hotel probably has one of the best locations in center city. You can also self park next door for $35 for the day/night until 5pm the next day. It seems the rooms have been remodeled. They have high ceilings and the beds were very comfortable. The room was very spacious. We actually had a walk in closet! Next time you are in Philly, you should definitely consider staying here.Beautiful, historic hotel in the heart of it all. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. Comfortable beds that can be expected of Hyatt. Topped off with an in house Starbucks to fuel the day.Stay here whenever we are in Philly for years.  The windows need drapes.  The gym need to accommodate teenagers.  They restrict the under 18 crowd which is most annoying to my 14 year old that works out with us.  Even to shoot hoops they made a huge issue.  The bar and restaurant are very accommodating.  The front desk people are very nice.  They should dump the gym or buy it and allow their patrons with children to swim other than the silly restricted hours and days they have.My daughter's wedding reception was there and I cannot imagine how it could have been any better. The staff attended to every detail, down to contacting the limo service to ensure that the limo was not too big for their driveway. The food was outstanding and the wait staff excellent.Great experience, every one was friendly,place is kept very clean,hotel has that 1920 feeling, great views from restaurantGreat brunch buffet. A little pricey but great nonetheless. The service is beyond anything I have experienced in the northeast and the location itself was amazing. Overall I'd go back.As a once-a-year traveler to Philly, had stayed here more than 10 years ago, but since switched to less expensive options in the same vicinity (Holiday Inn Express on Walnut and 13th to be precise).  Returned to the Hyatt this past week and enjoyed it.  Granted we got a good price on a suite, but it was not that much of a different experience than what we had in the early 2000s.  On this stay, had a complimentary use of the fitness club, which was cool of course.  Self-parking is unobtrusive and to that person complaining about the $28 a day charge, I'd be curious to know the hotel that charges less for parking -- maybe I'll stay there next year.  Bottom line, I probably would only stay here if I got a "sale" price, but they seem to run frequent specials, so it's worth at least looking into.This place was a great place to stay!  Everyone that works here is extremely professional & nice.  The rooms are great & large, we got upgraded for free to a suite.  Of course the largest gym in the city is an excellent perk as well.  The restaurants downstairs & high quality for a quick bite.Great service, beautiful room, stunning hotel. Icing on cake (literally) was cupcake and balloon delivered for husbands birthday (very sweet and definitely appreciated). Would stay again in a heartbeat!!!Went to an event hosted here last night with some colleagues and was extremely disappointed with the service and the lack of professionalism.
The event was supposed to have "unlimited hors d'oeuvres" and a "premium top shelf open bar" and the event provided neither. Not only was the open bar understaffed, but also there was not any variety of choice within the same type of liquor and the alcohol was an extremely far cry from top shelf. The only vodka was Smirnoff and the only gin was Beefeater. While these are decent spirits, the advertisement was deceptive at best.
The hors d'oeuvres were not only not unlimited, they were barely existent. There were roughly 100 people waiting in line for over 40 minutes to get hors d'oeuvres which were subpar and did not provide the full menu that was listed prior to the event. Additionally, service stopped about halfway through the event with many people very hungry and extremely peeved, myself included.
In sum, if going to a meeting or event here make sure to eat beforehand and don't expect the open bar to be of high quality because if you expect food and drink at a food and drink event here you will be completely disappointed.Wow, was I impressed with this hotel!  
First off, the hotel is located in a great spot (corner of Broad & Walnut Sts.).  You're in the midst of restaurants, shopping, theater, and walking distance from historical entertainment and museums.  
Let's start with the entrance.  The first couple of floors is a concourse of some shops and places to get snacks.  I didn't have time to take a full tour.  The concierge was very friendly and quick.  When I got to my floor, WOW ... the hallway was so pretty.  chandeliers and really pretty blue and white wallpaper.  NICE!  
I get into the room ... SWEET!  Flat screen TV, really comfy bed, three window, a very clean bathroom with marble floors, a fridge that was fully-stocked with water and sodas, a mini bar, iron & ironing board, and more.  There is a timed heater in the bathroom above the bathtub.  The bottom of the bathtub also felt a bit cushioned.  It was nice =)  There was a scale, a magnified mirror, and really nice-smelling soaps and shampoos (Portico brand).  
This is my favorite Philadelphia hotel so far ...Hyatt Hotels are super, DUPER nice.  While spending a weekend (Tuesday Wednesday) there, I had a lovely, luxurious time.  How come hotels don't ever have nice big bathtubs anymore?  Just sayin.  
It was really hot outside that week, so air conditioning was a plus.  Sometimes hotel air conditioners are more like humidifiers that spray bits of freezing water out of them.  In other words, they need to be replaced.  Not this baby!  Shit was for real.  The fridge was a nice size, too.  
The bottom floor of the hotel was a mall.  For all your Williams Sonoma needs/morning Starbucks coffee addictions.  But the (sixth?) floor was an AMAZING gym!  Omigod.  It was fabulous.  Free for hotel guests, had a pool, a huge cardio room, and the Buffy the Vampire Slayer movie with Luke Perry and Kristy Swanson was playing on the mini televisions on each machine.  WORD.  
Oh, AND, when Pat and I walked into the gym entrance, there was a press conference going on.  Since, like, everybody was watching this happen, we stopped and leaned against the wall for a minute or two to see what was up.  Then all of a sudden, Pat's like (under his breath, thank goodness) "Holy shit, it's Michael Vick."  Which it was.  Which is kind of cool for a celebrity sighting, but I didn't have my phone to take a picture, which would have made it cooler.  Plus I kind of hate the Eagles.  So all in all, it would have been way, WAY cooler if it were....oh, like Mike Chang from Glee (who we saw at the Apple store a few hours later).  
One bump on the starometer was for the room service.  Dessert is important too, le kitchen.  I'm talkin to you.  That was rude, giving me dessert like that for fifteen dollars and change.  But your fish and chips was delicious.Really nice property in the heart of Philadelphia!  Service in the restaurant could be improved some but overall the property is fantastic!1.  Clean and attractive, rooms are a good size, and nicely appointed.
2.  Overpriced for what it is.
3.  Parking is $28/day.  Ridiculous since the room is $200/nt.  
4.  Location is good depending on your activity in Philly.
5.  Bar on 19th floor has nice view of the city on the balcony, but its too dark to read the menu, service was slow (we had to wait quite a while for drink refills), and prices are high for what you get.  Still my friends and I had a good time hanging out.
Personally, I will look for a different place to stay next time.  It wasn't a bad experience overall, but I didn't find it to be a good value for the money.The Philadelphia Charity Ball was held on Friday night in November 2013... The Bellevue looked beautiful. The traditional grand ballroom is a special place to hold any event from wedding to elegant white tie affair... The staff are constant professionals friendly,  informative, helpful, and supremely professional!  I highly recommend the Bellevue for any special event. The butlered hors d'oeuvres for cocktail hour were some of the best I've had at this type of event. From the lighting,  to the table seating, to the linens to the staging everything was perfect!For a Park Hyatt, I expected MUCH better.  The staff and service were great (as I expected), but the hotel itself is not what I expected.  The lobby is nicely redone in a contemporary style, but the front desk is so small that only 2 ppl can work behind the desk at a time (i.e. waiting to checkout was not fun).  Understandably, the hotel itself does not take up the entire bldg, so I guess there really isn't a need to have too many ppl at the front desk when you don't have that many guest rooms.
The 2 elevators were extremely slow from the guest floors (it didn't seem so bad from the lobby).  However, they creaked the entire time they were moving and seemed to sway if someone moved within the elevator.  Uhm scary!
The room was large and the bathroom is nicely updated.  If you're into that "old world charm" that all the reviewers mentioned, this could be for you.  If you're like me and "old world charm" really means old and needs to be updated, then you won't be so impressed.  I am a fan of Hyatt beds, so at least you know the bed will be comfortable.
I guess since the bldg itself is old, the sound insulation is at a minimum - you could hear guests talking in the hallway and doors being "slammed" shut (if you let it shut on its own, it will slam loudly and echo down the hall.  While I understand that it's a hotel and ppl are coming and going, I was up at 2AM for a good couple of hrs listening to drunk ppl yelling down the hall at their friends in other rooms.  i guess for a hotel that does a lot of conventions/weddings, that can be expected as normal.
Housekeeping service was impeccable - despite being in and out of the rooms all morning, the housekeepers returned to clean up our rooms.  Not only did they do the "normal" housekeeping duties, but they also organized/straightened out all our items that were left laying around and in a mess.
Room service was also great - the staff is extremely helpful and quick.
The hotel is attached to the Shops at the Bellevue, so there's some shopping that can be done during your stay.  Also there is a Starbucks on the ground floor.  The XIV bar/lounge is also a nice place to get your evening started - drinks are average price for Philly.Ironically I stayed here over 10 years ago when it was the Bellevue Stratford Hotel.  At one point it was a turn of the Century hotel and has a lot of Old World charm.  When Hyatt bought the place ten years ago, they apparently left a lot of the elements alone, but added a tiny modern update to the main bar/dining room/lobby checkin in on the 19th floor.  This is not your sleek, modern, minimalist hotel so if you are looking for something trendy and such, look elsewhere.
You'll find here a certain charm here and the service was prompt, fast and polite.  I came back to my room to find turndown, refresh service occurring.   You rarely see this type of service anymore, but when you do it is nice to see a hotel provide it.  Beds are comfy, sheets are clean, and the air conditioner/heater works.  What more can you ask for in a great hotel?We were here on Friday night for a charity event in the grand ballroom with about 500 or so other folks.  The building itself is nothing less than spectacular old world charm.  Wonderful details, moldings, marble, etc.  The event included appetizer stations, butlered nibblets, and open bar which were all nice.  The event also included a sit down meal of filet - on the still beating side of rare - and salmon which were accompanied by a celery soup - served cold - althought not intended to be...desert wasa pumpkin and chocloate cake/flan that was trying too hard on flavors that competed with one another on the palatte.  I know it's really hard to cater for larger groups, but I say keep it simple and do it well and you can not go wrong.We scored a night at the Bellevue on Hotwire after we were able to score an unprecedented second night away from the kids. First impression, the hotel is stately, historical, grand and ornate. It seems that great care is taken in keeping this old building in pristine condition. The check in process was super quick and we got an upgrade from the very bubbly and welcoming lady at reception. Our room was on the 12th floor and overlooked Broad Street. The room was nicely furnished with two huge tvs, a king size bed, separate living room and decent bathroom.
We walked around the 12th floor a bit and saw the conservatory room which is in the center of the building. It was a sunday evening so things were shut down but I'm sure its a fantastic place to hang out and enjoy a cocktail and take in the scenery.  Thank goodness for the black out shades because Broad Street is bright all night long. There was a bit of noise that made it up from the street at night but its no knock against the hotel. All in all, a great surprise and a wonderful stay in a historic and storied hotel.The location is very ideal and central. Easily accessible to independence hall and the liberty bell and old city. Also, easily accessible to tons of restaurants and bars in the area. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The gym and spa area were great! I'd definitely stay here again. However, parking is $35.00 a day. There is cheaper parking around the area. 
Great location, great service, great room!Honestly thought this place is perfect! Amazingly beautiful and scale 10 service! Have to check out the cafe the view is gorgeousGreat hotel
Great location 
Will definitely return someday soon
The rooftop bar offers great city views 
We had a corner room and the views from our very spacious room were amazingGreat location in the middle of everything! 
Super Clean! 
Friendly Staff! 
Parking lot with in/out privileges! 
Attached to nice shops and a food court in the basement! 
Includes state of the art gym use! 
Loses a star because the bathroom door in our room was broken. It stayed closed which is all that's important, but it appears to have been broken for a long time. 
This place takes a beating on Trip Advisor for being old. It is old, but I felt the rooms were updated and the amenities make it feel pretty modern to me. Not sure what they are complaining about over there.We got a great last minute hotwire suprise deal where you pay and then find out the hotel you got. We got Bellevue hotel as a deal and we had a great experience. The lobby is situated further away from the main plaza. We checked in with Jenna who was very sweet, polite and very helpful. She even gave us recommendations of nearby attractions. The room was spacious with a mini walk-in closet which would make this a great place for prolonged vacations! This hotel is right in the center of everything and is walking distance to several restaurants and the train station is close by too. I would definitely recommend Bellevue to everyone and we'll be sure to stay here if we return to Philly.Stayed here for a couple of days while in Philly for the weekend.
Good:
Bed comfortable
Old feel to the building
Link to a great gym and pool (do not miss out.
Bad
Staff do not appear to enjoy themselves nor acknowledge guests.
Photo's make the rooms seem lighter and brighter than they are.
Walls are thin so noise from adjacent rooms transmits easily.
Not one of the better Hyatts I've stayed atThis hotel was awesome.  Built in 1905 (or close to that) it had the old Philadelphia charm, but modern day service.  If you like the old, classic hotels, this one is it.  View was awesome looking out onto Broad St. and City Hall at night.  Definitely one of the classiest hotels around, without the Ritz-Carlton prices.  Front desk and concierge staff were friendly and helpful.  Easy check-in and check-out.  Definitely extra bonuses for being a gold passport member.  Definitely plan to stay there again in the future.I really like this hotel.  When I walked into the hotel, the lobby is very contemporary and sleek, I simply loved it.  However, when I got to the rooms, they have a Victorian feel to them, lots of flowers, wallpaper, things that I'm really not into.  But the bed is super comfortable!  My bathroom was really nice.  I love the turndown service.  I just wish the room was  more contemporary like downstairs.  They have happy hour in the bar and its really nice.  You would really enjoy it.  Also the hotel is in a good location, its within walking distance of some restaurants.  They also have the Sports Club that you can workout at and I loved that, especially the indoor track.  I would stay here again.Very nice hotel. Well decorated, maintained, modern equipped. I certainly felt like the quality and service of the hotel matched the price and star/luxury ratings I had read online. The location of the hotel is the real winner, close to anything you could want to visit in Philly, making it only a short uber/lyft/cab ride away. The hotel also has a good amount of restaurants within walking distance, and also it's very convenient having a Wawa across the street to pickup snacks, or anything you might have forgotten on your travels.Beautiful property with an amazing gym we didn't get to try. Great location and Gary and Steve with hospitality are amazing. Gary is also a Game Of Thrones fan so that's a bonus!I came here for brunch. I liked the setting very much. Is a very elegant restaurant. The brunch included unlimited drinks (mimosas), appetizers which were great and desserts. 
For my main dish I chose the steak, it was ok, not the tastiest steak I've had. I think I would have preferred the crab cakes which my friend got. 
What I truly enjoyed the most was the variety in appetizers and desserts, they had a whole array of options.
Overall good experience.My room reservation and confirmation was for deluxe city room view on a "high floor with panoramic city views." So imagine my disappointment when my room had only one small window with this obstructed view. How is this a panoramic view?!We had an awful experience at this property over this past weekend. 
During check in, we were sold a room upgrade and when we got to our suite, there was no toilet paper in the bathroom. None on the holder and none under the sink. Strike one. 
I started to unpack and found the previous guests dirty underwear in the top bureau drawer. Strike 2.
I called the front desk and told them we were headed out for dinner and I'd leave the drawer open that had the clothes that needed to be removed (bc I didn't want to touch them) and when we came back from dinner, I noticed they had accidentally take my toiletry bag when they removed the clothes....strike 3.  This was noe midnight and it took 3 calls to the front desk to find my bag and have it brought up
Next day, we leave the room around 10 am and head out. I came back from sightseeing at 2:30 and my room key didn't work (we had used my husbands the first day), I went to the desk and they handed me 2 new cards (without asking for any ID by the way). When I got to the elevator, I realized I had 2 cards and went back and asked if that meant they had deactivated my husband's card (he was still out sightseeing with friends). They said yes, they had.  I asked why they hadn't mentioned that to me, as my husband was out and now when he got back, his card wouldn't work and that would be an inconvenience for him. Ugh.
I go up to the room and it hasn't been cleaned. Strike 4.
I called down to ask why it hadn't been cleaned and spoke with an incredibly NASTY front desk agent named "Kaprina"  After a very unprofessional back and forth with her I asked for the manager, who she rudely told me would call me back.  Strike 5.
After 10 mins with no call, I called down again and got the manager and told her of the events of the night before and the added disappointments of today.   Not what you would expect of this level of a hotel.
Also, the entire time we were there (3 nights) we could not get the wifi to work. My husband got several different user names and even 2 access codes, which are meant to bypass the system and get direct access and none of them worked.  Strike 6.
They did comp us breakfast one day for the inconvenience, which in my opinion wasn't enough for all the aggravation. In short, stay somewhere else.  This property is understaffed and the staff they do have doesn't really care about making your stay a pleasant one.The hotel's name changed at the beginning of 2010 to just Hyatt at the Bellevue, so it's no longer in the Park Hyatt category but the service has still maintained the same level.
I've stayed here on several occasions, and the reviews are correct that the hotel is old, but it is definitely well maintained.  It has a historic look, with modern amenities like LCD TVs, dvd players, and upgraded bedding.
During all of my stays I received a complimentary upgrade for being an diamond gold passport member sometimes even to a suite, along with free breakfast and internet.  The breakfast at XIX is amazing, full breakfast buffet with omelet station and several choices for pastry/cereal etc.  
The same XIX restaurant is a great place to relax with a few drinks in the evening, maybe even grab a bite from their small plates menu. 
I'm not sure if the name change was  just a formality, but this is definitely one of Philadelphia's elite hotels.  The elevators are a little slow from the lobby because there are only 2 and the building has 19 floors, although not all are occupied by Hyatt.Avoid.
Staying in this hotel was like living with layers of other people's incompetence. Who designed the room to make moving around itself a chore? Who made the decision to furnish it with a disparate collection of mismatched furniture, leaving huge gaps of unused space, and gigantic, soul-sucking televisions? Why didn't housekeeping remove dishes used by the previous guests? 
There are numerous cabinets where you might expect to find a bar or in-room snacks. Nope - they're just there to fill space. The artwork is meaningless and nonsensical - again, just placed so your eye isn't drawn to the vast expanse of empty wall. The main room of my two-room suite was this enormous monstrosity of pointless space - imagine taking everything out of your family room except for a huge TV along one wall and a couch along the other. I had hoped to get work done, but the "desk" area was partly occluded by an enormous TV I never watched. They bill the room as looking out into an "historic atrium," but what they left out was the near-total absence of natural light and the fact that the atrium itself is dead and uninteresting. The curtains to the Juliet balcony were completely closed when I arrived (just think about what that conveys to a guest when they arrive for the first time). I left them that way. 
I had hoped to feel comfortable in my room and able to get work done. But instead I felt driven from it and was eager to leave. Avoid, avoid, avoid.Finding a decent hotel shouldn't be so damn difficult.
I'm normally a Loews hotel loyalist, but my trip to Philly coincided with some big convention, so the Loews Philly was booked solid.  Some online searching led me to the Hyatt at the Bellevue, which had the (seemingly) perfect combination of location and price for a 4-night stay.
The first thing that struck me when I arrived is that the common areas are gorgeous.  The building is from the turn of the 20th century, and it's blinged out with stunning chandeliers and ornate architectural details.  It's also on the corner of Broad & Walnut St, and you can't get more centrally located and convenient than that.
Other pluses:  The bellhops and front desk staff are very friendly and gracious -- not stuffy at all.  The hotel is built around the Bellevue promenade, so swanky shopping, a roomy Starbucks, and even some fine dining (including the Palm Restaurant and XIX lounge) are in easy reach, without even needing to step outside.  There's also a huge ballroom on the second floor, where lots of events are hosted.  Free wi-fi is available to Hyatt Gold Passport members (which I am one of, thankfully).
While the Hyatt has a lot going for it, the rooms are in need of some major overhauling, which really soured the overall experience of staying here.  Let's run down the reasons:
First of all -- the bed.  Hard as a rock, with springs poking out all over the place.  It was literally painful to sleep on.  (Helps to have a few drinks first.)
Second -- the decor.  The wallpaper was peeling, and the furniture was careworn as if a bunch of cats had been using them at scratching posts lately.  
Third -- the lights.  Half of them burned out.  At least I had the glow of my laptop screen to read by.  I tried to get housekeeping to replace the bulbs, but.....
Fourth -- the housekeeping.  What housekeeping?  It never came.  Each day, the housekeeping simply ignored my room.  I had to make phone calls to the front desk for extra towels and such, which really shouldn't have been necessary.
I'm not especially high-maintenance, and these things wouldn't bother me at some cheap roach motel, which the Hyatt at the Bellevue is anything but.
Crossing my fingers that the Loews will have vacancies next time...Two night stay. On Friday, the AAA breakfast rate was in the $160s with breakfast, so we did that. On Saturday, it was $300+. We didn't feel like paying or doing cash and points and used 15k Hyatt points (via Chase). No status.
After reading all of the reviews, it was apparent that this is an old, historic hotel with renovated and unrenovated rooms. The renovated ones naturally got higher marks. We got in really late on Friday night. I asked for a renovated room (which I think is translation for an upgrade - not sure if they have any smaller, non-suite rooms that are renovated as of this time). They didn't have availability for a renovated room for both nights. We were fine with changing rooms and ended up getting a huge one bedroom suite for Fri night (their largest one, I think it's called Arte) and a normal unrenovated room for Sat night. 
Needless to say, we were very impressed with the suite. It had really high ceilings, its own Keurig with tons of capsules, a Mac computer, rainfall shower, iPod speakers, a dining room area, a living room area, and closets. Not much of a view. 
Pros:
- Location. Central enough that we could walk to the places we wanted to go in 20 min or less. It's also attached to a shopping center and Starbucks. 
- Free wifi! Elites get premium for free. The standard speed was good enough for streaming Netflix. 
- Parking. Use the garage. Give your ticket to the attendant. You get in-out privileges. We ended up not using the car at all during our stay because we could walk everywhere. (Price was not a pro - $30 for self parking.)
- If you get breakfast in your rate, the buffet is a nice touch, however, is not at all impressive... will review that separately. 
- Great lighting in the two rooms we stayed in. 
Cons:
- Hyatt website directions. When I looked up parking on their mobile website, I was pretty confused on where to find their parking garage. Pull up to the garage right next to their main entrance.
- Creaky. Both beds in both rooms were super creaky.
- Beds weren't comfortable.
- Vents blew on where your head goes on the bed. One of us got sick.
- Needless to say the unrenovated room conditions were meh. (You can console yourself with the history of the hotel.)
- Shower in the unrenovated room. It was like a hose - that much pressure is unnecessary and not at all eco.
- Noise. The unrenovated room was a few steps from the main elevator bank. It's in an alcove with two rooms facing each other and a lovely armchair. Anything that is said in that tiny alcove is heard in the room and the bed is right next to the front door. The armchair encouraged someone to take a phone call from there. 
All in all, we felt neutral about our stay there and would probably stay here again since it's convenient and we can use Hyatt points.We won't be staying here again. After waiting 2 hours for our room to be ready, we had to accept a downgrade in order to make our dinner reservations on time. The receptionist hardly apologized and refused to credit the difference. We received a $50 credit on our room, which is almost impossible to use when you're there for one night. 
The downgraded room was still large and clean, but not what we wanted when we finally get 1 night away from the kids. The service could have been much better.We've stayed at this hotel a few times, most recently over New Year's eve. Overall, I would call the hotel so-so. Great location and great views, but sometimes the hospitality is so bad even a skyline can't make up for it. Most important to my decision is that I had an *extreme* allergic reaction to the sheets! When we told the front desk, they were pretty unsympathetic, and basically insinuated it was just from NYE drinking (I'm pregnant, so no. Just no). In a city FULL of hotels, you can't have crappy hospitality.
Pros:
-The hotel is gorgeous
-Convenient to some great restaurants (Max Brenner) and bars (Oscar's)
-The restaurant has spectacular views of the city. We didn't eat there, but went up so my husband could have a cocktail which he said was good.
Cons:
-The two elevators are ridiculously slow. Especially during crowded times of the year (NYE) you can expect to wait multiple trips until you can get on.
-Though gorgeous, the decor is a little dated (like others have mentioned)
-The room we stayed in had a really weird layout: the bed was very close to the door, so we could hear people in the hallway every time they walked by.
Overall, great if you're only interested in a good location (no frills), but otherwise you might want to check elsewhere.