Girlfriend loves crepes here. Gets the sweet ones. Swears by them. 
I have only ever tried the savory--something with chicken and a Greek sauce and veggies etc. It was okay. Not amazing. 
People are cool though.After reading other reviews and hungry before the basketball game we gave this a try.  We were not dissapointed.  First the gentlemen that run this mobile establishment are very friendly and accommodating.  We ordered the buffalo chicken, dozer and mango mania.  The crepes were loaded with meat and savory vegetables.  Add a drink all for $6 per meal.  We will definitely be back for more.SOO DELISH!!
I have been getting the seafood crepe on a regular basis for about 3 years now.
There is ALWAYS a line but it is totally worth it. No matter what kind of crepe you choose, it's going to be delicious!!Holy F#$*ing Crepes!
This place is just awesome. It's been on my list to try for some time as I work at Temple and finally today was the day. 
I went after the lunch rush at around 1:45. I've heard the wait gets a little nuts so I didn't have to wait very long for the magic they were about to hand to me know as  "Alexander the Crepe" which was filled with gyro meat, pepperoni, vegetables , and cheese, covered in both pizza sauce and ranch. Whoa. So incredibly delicious.
First off, it was huge. I was convinced there was no way I could possibly finish it but apparently that wasn't going to stop me...it was just too good. Next, the price was awesome. $5 for a massive, delicious crepe? Done. Lastly, everything inside tasted fresh. The veggies weren't mushy, the meat was tasty and it had just the right amount of sauces. OH and the crepe...well that was great. Perfectly cooked with a nice crunch at the edge that made it perfect to roll into a pizza slice shape. Just like on the streets of Paris. Sigh...
Thankfully, my boyfriend loves crepes and can't wait to go so it looks like I'll have my opportunity to eat one of the sweet crepes soon. YES!Along with the sexy green truck down on Montgomery, this place is great. Where else can you get something so delicious with a nice balanced portion of vegetables and meat for 5 dollars or less? Its great for college students who want and need a quick meal and who constantly have to compromise on it. My only complaint, though small, is that I personally got a little tired of them after a while, that crepe is so rich. But definitely a great option with a really outgoing and friendly staff.Deliciously satisfying! I took 14 students in high school to try their very first crêpes ever. They loved them, and so did I! I ordered the Mediterranean-wonderful flavor & filling. I will be back!I used to think these were amazing. And then I didn't have one for a few years, but they always held a spot in my heart. So a few weeks ago I decided to treat myself to a buffalo chicken crepe. The hords of students meant a long wait during lunch. The taste is okay, but the 2 stars are for this reason: the feeling after eating at the crepeire and the feeling after eating mcdonalds are remarkably similar.Okay so when you're used to a certain standard of crepes this place doesn't really do it for you, but I will say it's pretty cool to have a crepe trunk on a college campus. Cheap, quick and not that bad.The truck is good.  It's cheap, the options are good, the staff is friendly
my only beef with the crepe truck (and this is outside the control of the proprietors) is the fact that it seems to take forever.
fine on a nice day when you're not rushed, but downright lousy on a cold day or when you're pressed for time
but, in the end, probably the best food truck in the city: and that's saying somethingOh man! I inhaled my crepe. Can't wait to go back.  My husband said last time he had a good crepe was in Paris and he's from Europe. Food trucks rule!Awesome!!  I was on Temple's campus for lunch reminiscing about the good old days when I was a student here many years ago and thanks to you Yelpers, decided to come to this food truck for lunch.  I'm glad I did!  I wish they were around back then.
They have the Sweet Crepe and the Savory Crepe.  Both have an abundance of choices to put in the crepe.  I went for the Southwestern Savory Crepe which included chopped steak, BBQ, and ranch dressing.  Also had some peppers and other greens.  It was huge!
The only other thing huge was the wait to get my food.  I think I was #22 and they just called out #8 when I ordered.  About 20-30 minutes later I got my order but it was worth the wait.
Based on the students I watched and orders made, it seems most were purchasing the Sweet Crepe filled with all kinds of goodies like strawberries, bananas, nutella, honey, whip cream, chocolate sprinkle, cocoa, and other calorie busting stuff.
My crepe with a bottle of water was $5.50.  You just can't beat that. And, I used LevelUp to pay for it with my Iphone. 
Man, I felt old back on campus, though!  I'd definitely come back to The Creperie.Seriously my favorite place!  At about 5-6 bucks for a huge crepe with a drink, and about 20 different options from savory to sweet, If you know of any, tell me where they have competition.  This is all I know of Crepes.  The owner is French, born and raised, and brought an amazing experience which I'd say most enjoy fully.
I've had crepes else where, Besides one my friends got me on my 30th birthday as a surprise they conjured off my boasting of THE CREPERIE all the time, I could care less if I ever have one anywhere else.
So, like I said, tell me where they have competition!I have to say my new favorite crepe place. Sorry Beau Monde but my heart belongs to another. On a day walking around Temple I stumbled upon the hidden treasure. Looking at there menu I sat there for a least 10 minutes. Just too many options for me to go with. Finally I pick the blueberry cheesecake. And it was the great choice. The crepes are freshly made to order and all the ingredients are fresh and tasty. The finished product is  a huge delicious mass of goodness and served in a some kinda pizza shaped container. Too bad I don't go to temple because I would be there everyday. They need something like this on Penn's campus. Until then will make the journey to Temple.I've had the dessert crepes plenty of times from this great truck on Temples campus, but this week I actually tried one of their meal crepes.  I ordered the gyro crepe and it was incredible. For $6 I got a huge portion of lamb and veggies in a fresh made crepe and a bottle of soda. 
The flavors were great and well balanced. The ratio of meat to ratios allowed you to taste everything.
In the past when I've had desserts, I would get the s'more (marshmallow and chocolate) which is always a gooey but delicious mess.
Their LevelUp reader was down (boo) but when I first mentioned that I didn't have cash and to cancel the order, the woman offered to "catch me the next time" before my friend lent me the money. In the past year I've been to the Creperie maybe three times since it's not the easiest location from work and I'm not a Temple student. The fact that the woman was so quick to be helpful in a bad personal situation because her reader was down just makes me like the business even more.I used to go to the Crepe truck while I was at Temple... I always went with the pizza crepe.  How could you go wrong pepperoni, spinach, broccoli, mushrooms, yum! I miss this place. I might just have to stop by soon! I've still never tried a sweet crepe, they all sound so good!The Creperie is a great place.  It's great knowing that $5 will get you a nice delicious crepe that will leave you full, and a drink!
The only bad thing is the line is known to be long at times, sometimes a 10-12 minute wait during their rush....but if you have the time then it's def worth it.
For the location they are in, they do terrific business.  Just imagine if they were in a more strategic location, such as in front of the Sac.i think the first time i went to this truck was waaaaaaaay back when i went to temple.  being a student who had a ton of classes in buery hall, naturally i went here at least once a week.  studying for finals a group of us ate 3 of these huge babies each throughout the day.  it was a tough challenege we all came through with flying colors, and a couple of "craps".  Ahem, crepes.  the dudes at the truck are the best, if you go a lot they will give you free sodas everyonce in a while and are always nice.  they are always playing crap classic rock way loud.  the only other place to eat on campus is the thai place where the little lady screams "chicken buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun" at the top of her lungs!
also friz had a thing for the girl that used to work there with the super "frizzy" long brown hair.  i always dream of them hooking up so we all could get more freebies, but alas it never materialized.  
crepe truck you are my muse!my nephew got the southwestern steak while i got the bbq ribs, both wrapped in wheat. they came out hot, fresh, and oh so filling. each crepe cost only $4.50! will def return.
and in fact, we did return -- for dessert 3 hours later after touring temple's campus! for $4, we shared a generous crepe packed with blueberries and raspberries, lined with raspberry sauce and nutella. my nephew could not finish his half of the crepe; i was pretty full myself, but the crepe was so good i managed to finish it off.This is the best place to get a Crepe from. They have so many varieties of crepes an sauces. The cheapest place on campus to get a meal an drink for $6.00. An you can use debit at the truck. Sometimes there is a wait because the lines can get long. I usually order the Chicken Crêpe with Ranch it comes with chopped veggies..tomatoes, red onions broccoli spinach mushrooms an cheese yummm!Good food at a good price. I end up eating here at least every other week for lunch or dinner. The line is always long during lunch and it has to be one of if not the most popular lunch truck on campus. I have had a few problems from time to time - forgotten/mixed up veggies in the crepe, filling still cool, etc. but never anything too terrible. I would definitely recommend it as all those I have introduced to it have loved it.Went yesterday for the first time after reading other yelpers amazing reviews. Well I have to say I'm extremely impressed. The quality was top notch, service is great, friendly and fast. And most of all 3 nice big crepes (2 savory and 1 sweet) for $14.50 it's pretty awesome, considering other food trucks charge you three bucks for a hot sausage.
The food is high quality, the crepe was nice and light, the ingredients are fresh, well cooked and the balance is just right, no overpowering flavors (we tried a Eddie, one Buffalo and a Mango Mania) and a substantial amount of meat in both crepes. The Mango Mania was outstanding with bananas, real fresh mango and Nutella.
An extremely good experience and (being from Europe) last time I had a crepe this good was in Paris (France not Texas).I still talk about (and dream about) the Crepe truck even though I graduated from Temple in 2009. YummmmmmmmmmmmmmmFriendly, and yummy. I like eating their sweets. My to go to is the cheesecake one. As for the savorys, they're pretty good also. However I have not tried everything from their menu. But I'm giving 5 stars for what I've tried. Pricing isn't bad either. Convenient place to get crepethe best place to get lunch on campus if you have some time during the lunch hours..I don't mind walking across campus for a strawberry-banana and nutlella crepe! have to start ordering outside of my usual because its all delicious! 5.50 for a crepe and a drink and the crepe fills you for hours perfect for the college students budget! recently dragged the boyfriend down for an appointment with financial aid and an adviser, of course I took him all the way across campus for a mid summer crepe!I give it five stars as long as you don't ask me how to pronounce it. I've tried a few times and I can't do it, and it sounds wrong when I say it. The food tho? The food is great, and as others say it's well worth the wait.
Some times are better than others to attempt to eat here. If you're around lunch time expect to wait a bit. The guys that work here are really friendly and even more efficient.I have never had a savory crepe before and fell in love after I had my first one. They have so many different combinations and types of crepes. For $5 you will walk away satisfied every single time!The first time I ate a crepe here was end of last semester, my last day of finals. 
SHAME ! 
I have been missing out on this all of Spring? A lonely Summer followed.
I have been here 3 times ever since Fall semester started. So far I've had the
Meat Lovers: full off different kinds of meat, including gyro meat. Not going to lie, the mass amount of feta in the middle was a bit overwhelming, I could do without it.
Veggie: Recently turned Pescatarian, I went for this, and still was pleasantly surprised with the huge flavor. Did not miss the meat at all. Right after I ordered it, I realized they have a seafood crepe.
Seafood: Assuming it would come with shrimps, I was a bit taken aback when I saw the mock lobster. Well who knew mock lobster could ever taste good, but it does in a crepe! I usually would throw up if i ate mock lobster, but this crepe absolutely tasted like seafood. And then I noticed they have tuna crepe? Looks like I can't efficiently scan the whole menu without missing something.
Tuna: So I returned today to get the Tuna crepe. It was tuna salad [not sure why I was picturing slices of peppercorn crusted seared rare sushi grade tuna in my head]. It was pretty badass. The sauce was ranch? Not sure, might not be, whatever it was, totally worked. Also folks, I scanned the menu properly this time, din't miss anything!
The consistency of the crepe itself is amazing, not to thin, not too thick or chewy, just enough to hold the goodies that are inside.  The people working at the truck are pretty chill and flexible, I've tweaked my orders many times [i'm an indecisive soul] and they were absolutely cool about it. I always contemplate trying new food trucks, but not sure where I would find anything savory for $5 and $1 drink. 
Yeh, no joke, this is the best bang for your buck, both taste and portion-wise. Also I love watching these guys make the crepes.Quick place to go when you're in need of a snack. They have sweet and savory crepes. My favorite sweet one is the banana nutella and Eddie's chipotle for savory. They're ready in about 5 minutes and only cost $5. You can also customize to your liking. Would definitely recommend!I had a dessert crepe... apple, honey, and walnuts I believe. It was cool, I would've liked it more if the apples were sliced thinner and EVEN MORE if they were baked or stewed. A chutney steak crepe would be off the meter. Anyway, I always thought these guys were rude. Eh whatever, I went just that one time.Best food truck on campus, I graduated in 2006 and still find myself craving crepes from here! I've managed to venture down a few times in the past few years, and yes, prices have definitely gone up, but that's just the way it works. However, no other crepe truck/stand/restaurant seems to satisfy my cravings quite as well, so despite the rise in price and the commute, I still plan on stopping by every once in a while!One of the BEST food trucks on campus hands down. Quick fast service with an awesome taste. Plus I love it that you can modify a crepe anyway you want!!! All the crepes come with these amazingly fresh vegetables, uhhhhh so good. My mouth is watering just writing this. I've had nearly all the savory crepes. Sex in yo mouth!! No LIE! Definitely the best crepes at this price!!!!I used to frequent the Creperie as an undergrad at Temple several years ago.  I've returned as a law student and on this beautiful spring day had time to walk down to the trucks at Norris for some eats.  
Oh my Creperie, how could I have forgotten your deliciousness?
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken (whole wheat, all veg) and it may have been the best decision I made all day.  Everything piled high and smothered in tangy bluecheesy - buffalo sauce perfection before being wrapped up in a fluffy whole wheat envelope.  [PSA: do not let the crepe envelope fool you.  These crepes are not something you can eat with one hand while taking a stroll down Liacouras walk.  These are serious two-hand, sit your ass down and make sure you have napkins crepes.]
The wait was reasonable for my freshly prepared food (about 20 min during the dinner rush - though if you choose to stand and stare at the crepes coming of the truck while you wait plan on it feeling like infinity).  But best of all it costs a mere $5.50 for crepe and drink ($5.25 if you go the "sweet" crepe route).
$5.50!!! A deal that, for serious, cannot be beat.  
Even if you don't find yourself at 12th and Norris this truck is worth the detour.The gyro crepe was poorly made. There were clumps of feta and meat at the top, but towards the bottom, it was only vegetables. If I wanted a vegetarian crepe, I would have ordered it. The pieces of meat i did have were too salty. My friend ordered one of the chicken crepes and specifically asked for no broccoli and she found at least five pieces in it. 
More importantly from where I stood, I could see the cook throwing trash away with his gloves on and touching the trash/bag and then continue to use the same gloves and make the food. There should be some level of cleanliness even if it is a food truck stationed at a busy college! Higher your standards, people!!!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this truck yet - the first time I ordered here was like 5 years ago. And they've been improving ever since! They now accept debit/credit so now I don't have to worry about pulling out cash during the lunch rush, and they're open later than they were when I was a freshman. They also have new items on the menu - today I tried the Enzo's avocado - not as much avocado as I would have liked, but still an awesome crepe nonetheless. My favorites are the Nicole's Southwestern (or Dozer, if you prefer rib meat), and the Mediterranean. For dessert, anything with nutella or honey is awesome. Fresh fruit in a warm crepe is a go.
The wait does get a little long, but they are really systematic. If you do wait long, it's not for lack of trying. The truck is just that popular. But it's all worth it, 5$ for a delicious, filling meal.Wahoo!!!  $5.50 gets you a 20 oz ice cold beverage - not a fountain drink and a delicious crepe.  Pick and choose from the menu on the menu.  I've had the veggie burger, grilled chicken and the ribs.  What a nice way to get the veggies in! I could eat here a week straight before getting bored.  Hubby had the Meat Lovers, the ribs and a couple of sweet crepes. So did my son.  We even brought others to the truck. It's that good and a great price.  Cash only.This crepe truck literally blows my mind.  If you are on Temple Main Campus and need a bite to eat I wouldn't go anywhere else.  The crepes are made fresh right in front of you and the flavor combinations are very tasty.  My favorite is Buffalo Chicken (chicken, vegetables, hot sauce, and bleu cheese sauce. So tasty and only $5 for a crepe and drink, the price can't be beat. Plus it's open till 8! Dessert crepes are tasty as well, nutella, banana, and strawberry. yum.
This is a place you must try out.The prices may have gone up and the drink sizes have gone down through the past few years but it's still one of my favorite lunch trucks...scratch that...places to eat in the city. Everything is so delicious! I love the Mediterranean. There is still fantastic value for what you get vs. cost. They even have loyalty cards now and take credit. You need to visit if you never have!Yes it lives up to the hype!
-One of the best food trucks at Temple 
-Great for anytime of the day
-They have a large variety of crepes and a good balance of sweet and savory crepes at a great price point!
-The service is always courteous even when they are swamped during peak periods like lunch
-The strawberry nutella crepe is always a winnerAfter being a Temple student for 2 years, I finally made it over to the Crepe truck. Man they are delicious. I had the tuna crepe, which included a ton of vegetables and mozzarella cheese. It was only $4.50, $5.25 with my drink, and it was HUGE. Better than any sandwich I could've gotten. My only complaint is that the sauces made it a little soggy toward the end, but the only way to fix that would be to eliminate the sauce. Both of my friends were satisfied, they had steak and pork I believe, and there is a nice array of beverage options. 
I can't wait to go back and try the dessert crepes!Who wouldn't want to pay $4.50 for a meal that most restaurants would charge $15.  The truck not only has chicken, ribs, steak, or burger crepes (with your choice of veggie and sauce), but it has sweet crepes with your choice of pineapple, strawberries, blueberries, etc.  Why spend your lunch money at the over-priced student-center when you get can get delicious food at this gem of a place. Cheap and tasty.  Once you have a bite of these crepes, you'll be back, everyday!!The best thing on four wheels!  I had their take on a Gyro with Feta cheese, hot sauce and salsa.  This was one of the best sandwiches I have had in a while.
You can't beat the price $5.50 and this includes a 24oz drink.This review is for the conqueror of all crepes. Alexander the Crepe. 
Alexander the Crepe is stuffed with - are you ready- gyro meat, pepperoni, vegetables (including spinach, tomato, and onions), and cheese, covered in both pizza sauce and ranch. Give yourself a minute to think about that insanity.
 It is a fact that things covered in ranch are delicious, and that goes for savory gyro meat, salty pepperoni meat, with vegetables in between.  I was reminded of this Full House episode where Michelle Tanner attempts to cook by putting her favorite ingredients together, like tuna and ice cream, much to the dismay of her large family. However, at the Crepe Truck, this Uncle Joey-like whacky, but lovable combo of ingredients would have Uncle Jesse saying, "Have mercy"Might be the best truck on Temple's campus! I've never had a crepe until I came here my freshman year. My friend who was at Temple before me said I had to try this place when I finally got here. It's been 5 years, 10 semester and I still love this place.
For $5 you can get a savory crepe totally worth it! You can ask them to change the dressing or what veggies you want in it whenever and they are really open to that.
My favor is the dozer. BBQ and ribs! Cannot go wrong!
I will miss this truck when I graduate!I had to write about this place once more because I went again today.  Last time i had a sweet crepe, this time I had a savory crepe.  Grilled chicken w/ ranch. delish.  this place has become a favorite of mines now, and if i ever attended temple and lived in the peabody hall, i would go there everyday. I like the savory crepes much more than the sweet crepes even though I only had 1 from both types.  They're just more.. flavorful :)Hands down the best food truck on campus! for $5 you will get a hefty portioned crepe fully customized to your liking. I get the Mediterranean every Tuesday for dinner for the past year, its just that good (feta cheese, tomato sauce, ham, pepperoni, salami)!  Each savory crepe comes standard with peppers, onions, broccoli, mushrooms, and cheese. They have savory crepes as well with concoctions like nutella and banana! 
The service is very quick, even when theres 20 people in line, the 3 people working there know the definition of fast. 
Heads up: call ahead during lunch and dinner hours, 10 minutes and your ready! They also take levelup which is awesome!
Don't waste your time at any other truck!This is a place that you can bring all of your friends to...   AND have them all be satisfied!  (I am assuming that you don't have any friends with crazy macrobiotic/organic/what the heck DO you eat?-type needs. Kidding...  Mostly)
The reason I can make such a statement is because their crepes, stuffed with WHATEVER YOU ARE IN THE MOOD FOR, are highly customizable. IPhones of the food world, if you will.  Have a friend who wants Lamb with Veggies and Pesto? Berry cheesecake? Check. Gyros... With Ranch? Check. Bananas, honey, walnuts, Boston Cream, Oreos, and Nutella? ... Check x5 ;) YES
Essentially, their very wide variety of fillings, spreads, and sauces means this:  Freedom to experience surefire deliciousness that will fill the hungry college belly on a starving college budget.  You can even call ahead to order, so that your crepe(s) are ready for you by the time you get there.  If you are a Temple U student, chances are that it will not take you that long because it is on campus (HUGE plus).
Amidst the sea of food trucks, stands, and establishments that grace the TU campus, this is my favorite...  And apparently I'm not alone (they were voted 'Best Food Truck' for several years in a row.)  As I watch my crepe being quickly whipped up, while he cuts open a fresh avocado to nestle inside it...  I smile because I am about to again experience why that is.So good! I work in the neighborhood (kind of) and was getting bored of the same old lunch stuff, so decided to head over to the Food Truck oasis near Temple. The Creperie was a great first stop - as a vegetarian, there weren't a million options, but I had the Very Veggie (basically a chopped up veggie burger with sauteed veggies, feta cheese and a feta-like sauce) and it was pretty great! I'll definitely be back. 
Pros: Super cheap - $4.50 for a big crepe, which my non-profit salary loves; filling; the lead cashier dude bears an uncanny resemblance to John Travolta (I count this as a pro, don't judge me); good/fresh quality food; solid music choice - oh hey, WMGK; getting hit on by college boys while you wait. Winner!
Cons: Kind of a longish wait if you go during prime lunch hours; potentially having to listen to emo college kids discuss the meaning of life while in line. And that's it. 
Do it.The first time I went to this truck I was somberly walking out of beury hall after getting my chemistry exam. I needed to eat my feelings. I looked up and saw this glorious french food truck. The Creperie? In my mind crepes me one thing, NUTELLA. From that moment on, I was hooked.
I must admit I have only had sweet crepes from this truck. Every time I would tell myself I was going to get a savory crepe. I did the irresponsible, unhealthy sweet crepe meal option. First off these crepes are huge, larger than some slices of pizza. They are stuffed with deliciousness. Seriously, whatever you want they will make it for you. The special ones are pretty delicious too. My personal favorite is nutella, peanut butter, and banana. 
Service is always fairly quick and friendly. They have combos of a sweet or savory crepe with a drink for $4 or $5 dollars, respectively. 
BONUS POINTS for being one of the only food trucks on campus open until 8pm.i've died and gone to crepe heaven.  
this little food truck has managed to wedge its way into my heart.
i just started at temple, and i've been dying to find good food thats not a chain restuarant or a 7-eleven. and now i've found this beautiful little gem.
so many different kinds (i got nutella and banana of course). nice guys who work the truck. a bit of a wait (because it's so WORTH it). reasonable price.
they have a deal where if you get a crepe and a drink, its cheaper. like an extra $1 or something. i'd take advantage of that.
lord, all i know is after eating that crepe, i was smiling from ear to ear.
i've found my new weakness.Great truck on campus, that actually makes something a bit different then your standard lunch trucks. Nice staff, music's always going, and there's always a crowd so its a good atmosphere. Downside is that sometimes there is a bit of a wait, but thats because its great. Call ahead around lunch time, and enjoy. Also, its pretty healthy too if you get the right stuff *veggies, wheat crepe.This is probably the best place to eat on Temple's campus. They make all sorts of crepes, filled with all sorts of stuff, and they have their own unique fillings, like their feta spread (which is great if you like feta). The prices are good and the crepes are large. Perhaps the only issue here is the length of the line - if you're eating here around noon, make sure you're not crunched for time.I can sum up my five-year food experience at Temple University pretty succinctly: garbage.
except, of course, The Creperie.  This food truck on 13th and Norris could easiy be in the running for best in the city (i've yet to try taco loco and the like).  throughout my tenure at Temple, if you didn't get to the truck just before or just after lunch or dinner hour, you might as well kiss your chances at delectability goodbye.  there's good reason for that being the case.  the three guys that run the truck take the french style crepe and kick it up a notch by overstuffing it beyond comprehension.   
no matter what flavor you're going for, there's a crepe for you. if you are a savory type of creper, the menu options are endless when you factor in the various meats (chicken, ham, crab, steak, turkey, pepperoni, etc. etc.) veggies (mushrooms, red onion, bell pepper, tomato, spinach, hot pepper, etc etc.) and sauces (salsa, caesar, pizza sauce, etc etc.), the options for customization are truly endless.  If you're more of the simple-type, as I am, you go for the pre-concocted crepe choices (there are some unbelievable options), such as Johnny's Caliente Chicken, made with chicken, hot peppers, spinach, mushrooms, bell pepper, broccoli, salsa, and ranch dressing.  If you have a sweet tooth, there are at least fifteen options of dessert crepes available.  my particular favorite is the Berry Boston...made with boston creme, nutella, blueberries, strawberries, and raspberries. 
what gives this place five stars? two reasons. first, the fact that you can get any savory crepe and a drink for five dollars and any dessert crepe and drink for four.  if you're a Temple student, this deal should make your head cave in after dealing with the laxative-laden options at the Student Activity Center.  the Creperie is the only food option at Temple where you can feel completely satisfied after having a meal without having to make a mad dash to one of the bathroom stalls in Beury Hall.  anytime a meal is so satisfyingly filling (and delicious) to the point where you feel like you have it sitting on your lungs, is truly a worthwhile experience.  second, the guys who run the truck are extremely friendly people. they work their asses off on a campus filled with hunger ravaged lunatics and do it with a smile.  so don't sit there and express your "beefs" with wait time, take in the experience with the gratitude of knowing that you're not going to be on the toilet for the next three hours.I practically lived on these crepes when I was at Temple.  $5 for a huge meal and a drink is a college student's dream!  What's more, they are fresh and delicious.  It's very entertaining to watch your meal being made too!  I also love the iced Nescafe.  These got me through busy midterm and final weeks.  Wish I went to Philly more often to enjoy a crepe.  Mmmm.Temple has a vast array of food trucks and stands to choose from (probably my favorite part of going to school there!) but for sure I'd put The Creperie at #1. I was there today after a few years and was happy to see that they're still in business and the crepes are still completely awesome. The TU people probably know this already, but they're open til 8, should you find yourself hungry and in the neighborhood.ALWAYS consistently perfect! For just $5.50 (or was it $5.75..?), you get a delicious crepe with any drink! BUT, make sure to check the expiration date on the drinks..!!I only come here for the savory crepes: the staple Southwesten steak (my favorite) or chicken ranch. They are very delicious with decent portions, but they put on too much sauce for my taste. Cheap and tasty, this is one of temple's best food trucks. It can get busy, but they are open late as well.
I have tried one sweet crepe but it didn't turn out too well for me. It wasn't one of the normal sweet crepes so that could be why. It had peanut butter, nuts, nutella and I think honey? I get tired of eating the same flavor for too long, but this made me want to puke halfway through, perhaps from the textures, because individually I love each ingredient.If I could give this place 10 stars I would, they deserve it!
By far the most amazing crepes you will ever have ANYWHERE. As a Temple Alum I ate at The Creperie almost everyday I was on campus since my building was right next to it.
Alex and the guys who own the truck are amazing and always so nice. All I have to do is come up to the window and they already know my order, Chicken cordon with ranch dressing and feta with all the veggies! When I'm in the mood for sweets I LOVE the Berries Cheesecake Crepe, it's just heaven for your mouth!
These crepes are massive and packed with meat and veggies or sweets and fruit and for $4.50 & $5.00 for a crepe and a drink you can't beat any meal on campus for that price. I've searched and searched for crepes as good as these and nothing compares at all. My boyfriend LOVES this place and tries a new one every time and hasn't been disappointed once. We both moved to Southern California and still search for a decent crepe place but like I said for the price, quality and size nothing will ever compare. Make sure if you're in Philly you check this place out!!!!!!!! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!!!Really delicious, fun vibe just waiting for them to make it (they play really good music). i think i was jamming to the beatles while waiting for a pesto chicken crepe the other day. can't wait to try their sweet crepes soon!the first day i set foot on campus, a scared, timid high schooler accompanied by her mother for a tour of temple campus i had my first crepe truck expereince. hungry after the car ride to philadelphia we were directed to the crepe truck for lunch...and let me tell you...it basically sold me on the university.
the crepe truck has been my favorite lunch spot for the past 4 years (and everyone else for that matter if you can't tell by the lines). its affordable, tasty, with a friendly staff and the ability to custom order anything on the menu. 
PLUS over the years they have added to the menu, including falafel and new sauces!
ps. i love sauces and these guys are more than willing to share their insider sauce combo secrets. just ask!
who wouldnt pay a little over $5.00 for a filling meal with veggies & protein (plus a drink!) 
you can call ahead, or even place your order and walk away to grab some cash at 711 and they dont mind. 
here is an insider tip. in addition to their drink cooler on the bottom of the truck, they make an AMAZINGLY cheap, caffeinated iced coffee that as pulled me through more than a million never ending night classes. 
beau monde, reading terminal, ANY crepe i've had in the city elsewhere is nothing compared to the wonderments of the crepe truck
crepe truck, i promise to come back for some alumni lunches!The crepes are fresh and delicious. I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes, even less when I called ahead. You can even get rewards points if you use LevelUp to pay. Great place to eat.Not bad, for a lunch truck . My bf goes to Temple, so he brought me a chicken crepe back once. I think it had broccoli and potatos in it, and it was STUFFED!!! Had ordered a seafood one at first, until we discovered they use imitation crab meat.  Fortunately, they didn't give us a problem about changing our orders.
Would love to try a sweet crepe here as well.Love, love, love the Creperie at Temple. Yes, the lines are forever long, but it's worth the wait. The guys there are always super polite, and they work really quickly and efficiently to get your food out ASAP. I had the gyro crepe today, and that's definitely my new fave. Plus it's super cheap...you can get a hefty crepe plus a drink for $5.25. Sooo good!Ok this place pretty good. We get a lot food for the price. Their taco shells parts are kind of soft but this is the type of kind that they make. Everything is right on menu.Yay, my favorite spot at Temple!!! Can't believe I haven't yelped it yet. Nice hefty crepe (it did get a little small over the last 2 years, but still good enough to fill my appetite!) and a drink, around $5, yes you've won my heart!
I remember freshman year when I was first introduced to "the crepe truck." Ever since then, I've gone almost every other week for one, then started going less and less, but every time I visit, I'm sure to grab one of these fellas! Their phone number is on my phone to avoid the wait :D Why thanks, yes I'm a bit of a fatty.
My usual, Nicole's Southwestern. There's also the uh.. "something dozer ribs" I don't remember the name but just as good! the meats are different. Nicole's southwestern uses like cheesesteak meat, and the other one is more of a chunky beef of some sort. Both uses a mix of ranch and bbq sauce. YUMMMM. I enjoy that combination very much. (I'm not hungry, but my mouth is watering thinking about this?)
They have sweet crepes and savory crepes. I'm just in love with savory crepes. They have a lot of combinations to choose from, but I just like the taste of ranch and bbq and ALL the veggies.As often as I get food at Temple, I've only ever eaten at the crepe truck once.  It has nothing to do with the food, but rather has to do with the fact that the truck isn't near any of the buildings I go to, and I'm too lazy to walk the extra block or two.
Anyway, the one time I went there, the guys in the truck were really nice, and the crepe was very good.  I got the chicken Ceasar crepe.  If I ever rouse myself to walk over there again, I think I'd like to try one of their fruit crepes next time.  Definitely try this place.Oh, crepe truck, how I love thee!  
Veggie crepe with pizza sauce and mozzarella.... mmmmmm.
Berries and cheesecake crepe..... mmmm
You get the picture.  
$5.25 gets you a crepe and drink.  Can't beat it.  Go there.  Now.  You won't regret it.  They're open til 8.I have been going to The Creperie since my first year at Temple and even after having graduated, I continue to go when I'm in the area. Being in college meant eating like a college student...on a budget! 
At The Creperie you can't go wrong when it comes to getting a meal on a budget! It used to be $5 for a savory crepe plus a bottle drink, but has bumped it to $5.25. Still a deal for a fulfilling meal. The line is usually long but if you grab their # and call ahead of time you can avoid that long wait. 
I usually go with the Southwestern savory  crepe with everything on it! The portion that you get is well worth the money =) The guys that work there are pretty nice too. No complaints here!Without a doubt, this is the best lunch truck on campus. It is tres bien and délicieux. Enough said.There's more in the future for these guys than just being a truck on a college campus. They cater to college kids: a lot of food, you can hold it while you walk to class, and it is cheap. I love the BBQ Crepe. And it's fun to watch these guys work to, they have crepe-ing(!) down to a science. 
The sweet crepes are probably the crowd favorite though. The cookies 'n creme crepe is perfection, and I've had my eye on many others on the menu. The wait can sometimes be a bit, but that comes with the success of any good food truck.There are some many great things to say about this truck, I'll just start with the ones that mean a lot to me. The ideal of having a crepe filled with steak, chicken, vegetable, lamb and other types of awesomeness is a home run in my book. Price-start at $4.50 and go up to $6.00. Who can beat that???? Convenence, well it that maybe the only downside. There isn't much parking on Temple campus. However they do deliver. You can also text, call and order online. The Creperie @ Temple should be added to your lunch, mid-day and late snack options.both the sweet and savory crepes are exquisite.
friendly guys.  great value.As a loyal Tyler Student I frequent the Creperie.  I prefer the sweet over the savory but you can't really go wrong here.  One of the best food trucks around! Strawberry, banana and nutella makes for a fine meal!  Just come once... but you'll be back.Best food truck at Temple, and this designation doesn't come easily.  I had the crazy Greek crepe and it was better than any gyro I've ever had.  Fresh meat, crepe made right in front of you... this place is heaven.Ingredients are fresh. They cook in front of you and is the best thing I ever taste. They have a variety of options and there is something for eveyone. The best!I loveeeeeeeee the Creperie! I've been coming here for 6+ years and each time they WOW me! Perfect lunch date spot in the summer time or always great to spot by when in the north Philadelphia/ Temple area. My recommendations are the buffalo chicken crepe with spinach, a Nutella & strawberry crepe with whipped cream, and the veggie burger with all the veggies feta and bbq sauces. I would've given 10 stars if this was an option LOLthe best crepes in town are located on the temple campus. try the chicken cordon, the nutella/strawberry, the berries boston. really you cant go wrong with anything there. prices are more than reasonable. the service is quick. food truck is clean. i wish i still went to temple. i think i kept this place in business when it first opened there. thumbs up!After reading the reviews here, I grabbed my friend and we headed out there after school.  Took us a while to find the place, but was definitely worth looking for.  The last time I had a crepe was about 3 years ago back in Thailand, today was amazing ! My craving of 3 years for crepe was satisfied with nutella banana, and at the price of $3.75 ? I was extremely satisfied.  It was also my friend's first time having a crepe, and she was glad that she came out in the drizzling rain with me. 5*To be honest, I had been avoiding this truck.  It's long lines definitely reflect the quality of the food to be had there.  I feared that its accessibility would cause me to spend all of my money on crepes and not bother going home to cook!  If you are a vegetarian, the veggie crepes are packed with spinach, broccoli, onions, mushrooms, tomato (and I really mean packed) and are delicious.  $4.25 for a savory crepe or $5.25 w/ a drink.  Badass.People who run the truck are really nice. Also, the food is delicious and great price. I love the pulled pork one. For the price, you get some good veggies in it. And the sweet crepes are really good too, I love the Berries Boston and they had a Valentine's Day special that had red velvet cake in it...sometimes I day dream about it...I will make my way down this menu one day.
The wait can be a while but it's all worth it.The first time I had a crepe was here and my friend who was with me said it was definitely THE place to get one. It did not disappoint and yes, I do not have something else to compare to it but these crepes are delicious and I keep coming back for more. The guys are very friendly and helpful. The prices are very reasonable considering the crepes are huge and fill you up in the very best way possible. I can't wait to try all the crepes...they have so much variety :)