Takes forever if you order a sandwich. I like supporting small businesses, but they have to speed things up. Everyone was waiting so long and one of the young girl workers was just standing there on her phone the entire time.Delicious, fresh baked items you can't help but want one of each! Small bake shop with wonderful breakfast sandwiches, friendly staff and amazing baked goods. What more could you ask for?!Babka. Chocolatey, rich babka. 
What more do I need to say?
Oh, great coffee, too. And really nice people taking care of you. 
Small, almost no seating. Who cares. Worth the trip.Delicious baked goods and helpful staff make this a place I have returned to again and again. They have some unusual creations at The Bakeshop, like the trifecta bar which is chocolate chip cookie, brownie, and chocolate rice crispy bar and it is tremendous. Like really huge. It took me a few days to finish! The store is located right around Rittenhouse so it's in a great neighborhood, it's a very pretty walk if you take your yummies on the go. My only complaint is that the prices are rather high. I suppose that has to do with the the ingredients they use though. Also if you don't/can't eat eggs the only options for you are the scones. Overall I would definitely recommend this place but be prepared to pay a little extra.Happy Birthday, (three years old  tomorrow) lovely Bakeshop! You bring a flock of delicious eats and drinks to the neighborhood,  a warm welcome, and the cutest sidewalk seating for we lucky few:-)Google "what dreams are made of" and you will find the Bakeshop on 20th. A tiny little bakery and coffee shop that churns out food that is big on flavor in a major way. Frankly its a sin as to how good their food is, which is ironic since I am pretty sure they serve their sticky buns and bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches in heaven. 
There is always a line, but the folks that work there do the best they can to keep up with the demand. There are items for both the sweet tooth and the savory minded, all that could be the item that they are famous for, but there is room for it all. Prices are a little steep but that is to expect when you visit a delicious bakery in the center of a city that makes things fresh with top ingredients. 
Do yourself a favor and get yourself there ASAP. You won't be sorry!!I can never get enough of their breakfast sandwiches.  Takes a little while to make them but they are more delicious and healthy than most brunch spots in philly.Visiting Philly this weekend and found this place on Yelp!  We were looking for a quick spot to pick up breakfast and take to Rittenhouse Square. They had a large selection of pastries and even cooked egg sandwiches to order. Everything was delicious!!! I especially loved my blueberry muffin and my cappuccino. The prices were very reasonable for such high quality food and the service was excellent. We will definitely remember this place.Amazing! We stopped here based on the yelp reviews and left with a few cookies, scones and breakfast sandwiches. Everything was fantastic! 
My favorite was a chocolate chip cookie that was made with tahini and sesame seeds.I arrived on a Friday around 2:45 to sadly discover that they had already sold out of the brookies...damn! I was prepping for a dinner party and had to go with an assortment of cookies and it was down to slim pickings. I ordered several chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and sugar cookies for the party and I couldn't resist grabbing the last vegan lemon poppy seed scone; I love anything lemon poppy seed. 
I was a little concerned if the cookies would hold their taste for another day and to my surprise, they did! The cookies were fantastic and a huge hit with my dinner guests! Just the right amount of soft and chewy you expect from a fresh baked cookie. I will have to say that due to their richness, you only need one cookie. 
I can't leave without giving props to the lemon poppy seed scone.....YUM-MY!Food is fine - an egg and cheese sandwich can only be so good - but the wait here was just unbearable. 20 minutes for a grill cheese and roll egg and cheese - nope nope nopeCookies for breakfast
Just get it, you won't regret it.  Oh, and the breakfast sandwiches (the Philly special) are, well, special.  They serve La Colombe, so that's also a plus.  There isn't much seating so come alone or take it to go.Too many choices and all are amazingly good. Found this gem my first day in Philly and I'm certain I  will be coming back throughout the week I'm here. Homemade pop-tarts! Scones! Breakfast sammiches!  No need for lunch, or dinnerUpdate 6/21/2017 I still love The Bakeshop on 20th and have recently discovered how good their chocolate babka is. It's possibly the best breakfast pastry I've ever had and I highly recommend it.
I absolutely love this place. The first time I walked in was just by chance walking past, but I won't buy baked goods in Philly anymore unless they're from here.
The chocolate chip cookie, the Rittenhouse Square, and the brownie are all unbelievable. The brownie is without a doubt the best I've had. The cookie is amazing as well but it's a little different than most chocolate chip cookies so it may not be for everyone. I've gotten most of the other things they sell, and they're all superb, but I recommend starting with the three I listed above!
On top of the amazing baked goods, everyone in the store is really friendly and helpful as well!Shared a corn muffin with a friend - AMAZING. Be sure to grill it with honey (I believe they had a sign saying they could do this) it was delicious! We also bought a sugar cookie, apricot rugelach, and half a loaf of challah bread. All were extremely good and the staff that work here are wonderful. Definitely will be back!Strolling down Ritt Row, I popped into Bakeshop for its famous Brookie (brownie + cookie)! The shop is tiny, with a magnificent counter brimming with baked goods (heaven) and a small seating area inside (could probably seat 3 people max). With my Brookie in hand, I proceeded to the outdoor table underneath a windowsill in full bloom to photoshoot my dessert. 
This statement will likely evoke some skepticism, but please believe me when I say this is the best cookie I've ever eaten!! The brookie is scrum-diddly-umptious! The entire brookie is crisp on the edges but moist and warm on the inside. The brownie portion really captures the essence of a brownie: chocolate heaven! The chocolate chip cookie part is everybody's favorite dessert done to perfection. 
Believe the hype: Bakeshop on 20th is definitely worth the sweet tooth splurge!We rolled in - new girl today is on the cash register.  Misheard me and then she and the owner get involved "defensive and Patronizing.  Then apologized and rolled her eyes. I know the owner of the building.  Not a revisit for me. Too many other choices with fully trained and developed people who speak professionally and warmly. Service businessI love this place so much. The bacon, egg, and cheese on a Philly muffin is my go to. Unlike a lot of other places, the sandwich is a good size with plenty of bacon. And their baked goods are amazingAlmost seven bucks for two croissants, so they must be pretty special, right? 
Just average, really. But with inflated Rittenhouse prices.You will quickly become addicted to the noms at the bakeshop. From the sidewalk you can see a beautiful display case of their baked goodies.  That is if it isn't crowded! Very small but fairly quick so it is easy to place and order for takeout. Our fav is the Philly English muffins breakfast sammie with fried egg and bacon. Sounds like a regular sandwich but it is soooo goodI only ever write reviews for food after I've been there at least 3x. The place is a small family joint that has to be one of the best small bakeshops I've been too.  I ordered an everything English muffin that they freshly bake with lox, cream cheese and cucumbers. The salmon was delectable, and it was for that alone that I went back to this place for the third time. The babka is just insane. I'm not much of a chocolate person, but I have to say that this creation is the best period food on the planet. Got me out of bed, cramps n all to get one of these to inhale. Thank u lord!!The best breakfast sandwich I've had a long time, I will definitely come back next time I am in town! 
The BLT on an Everything Philly Muffin was phenomenal. The Everything Philly Muffin is a cross between a bagel and an english muffin, which turns out to be perfect for a breakfast sandwich; strong enough to hold up, but soft enough to bite through without squeezing everything out the other side. The bacon was thick-cut and perfectly cooked; no raw fat or burned bits, just perfectly caramelized through and through. It had a touch of mayo on it, which I wasn't expecting (but should have been since BLTs usually do), but they used just enough to give it some moisture and richness, but not so much that it tasted like mayo. Definitely a great choice! 
I also grabbed a pear and chocolate scone for a snack, and it was far moister and flavorful than usual; almost a giant cookie other than a dry scone, and also a great choice!First time here, all the hot food looked legit, but I came for the blueberry pop tart. Did not disappoint at all, such a decadent treat. No lie, you do pay a little more but this pop tart is nothing like that crap out of a box. Portions are huge, and I would be too if I went here too often, but i can't wait to find an excuse to treat myself to some other amazing goody here in the near future.First time.   Walked in, bakery  smelled and looked fabulous.  Purchased a cranberry-oat scone.  Cost Four Dollars!  Overwhelming taste of brown sugar and nothing else.  No oats, no texture period.  It could have come from any chain store.  I won't be be back.A perfect coffee and breakfast stop in Rittenhouse! The English muffins are served warm and nicely toasted and whether you have butter and avocado or one of the many sandwich choices, you will be satisfied! Do not leave without something sweet, you will not be disappointed!I bought a breakfast sandwich from The Bakeshop today: egg whites, cheese, spinach and bacon on an English muffin. I just finished eating it and can honestly say that without a doubt it is the BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever had. So amazingly good.Amazing cookies and treats. Loved everything we ordered: 
1) Ricotta cookie
2)Brookie (brownie/ cookie)
3) thumb print cookie.Oh. My. Goodness. I'm writing this with one hand while I stuff an apple pie rice crispy treat into my face with the other. My boyfriend stole the pecan bar, but from his blissed out expression I can tell he also agrees that this place is GOOD.I went back here last week and I had a chocolate babka, which was one of the best I have ever had!  I am hooked! 
This place just opened and it is excellent!   I bought a mix of baked goods from here and they all have been very high quality with a fresh and homemade taste.  The reason they did not get 5 stars from me is they missed giving me one item for my order.  Very nice selection and the items seem fairly priced for the quality.  Their selection, freshness and high quality should keep people coming back for more.  I will definitely go back and I will let them know one item was missing from my order.   
Update:  Lisa, the owner emailed me almost immediately to correct the missing item.  I caught up with her today and she gave me one item free.  This is the way to run a business!Love, love, LOVE this place! We needed a great pastry and sweets spot in the neighborhood.  Amazing scones, brownies, cookies. Everything is delish!!! The employees are super sweet and always so friendly. Can't wait to try their soups!!! The decor is great too. Add this to your must try list!!!!!Perfect place to pop in for a treat. Have stopped by a couple times, and thoroughly enjoyed the brookies (half brownie, half chocolate chip cookie, soft and chewy, and all delicious), fig and Brie scones, and babkas. They do tend to sell out of more popular items, but the staff did tell me they'll stash stuff aside if you call ahead. Will be back to try the breakfast sandwiches.
It is a small shop, so just know that seating is limited, especially during those brunch hours.Adore, love, LOVE this location! We wanted a huge pastry and sweets place in the area. Astonishing scones, brownies, biscuits. Everything is delish!!! The workers are super sweet and consistently so friendly. Can not wait to attempt their soups!!! The decor is great also. Add this to your must strive list!!!!!I keep trying to like this place as it is on my walk home. I've now tried 3 different sweets there and none have been particularly satisfying. Texture is ok but taste is just off. Would stop again only because it's on my way home but would not go out of my way to visit.Everything LOOKS nice but meh... it's very average and nothing special. It's not really worth going to. 
They have a small selection of goods and the employee I dealt with (maybe it was the owner?) didn't smile at me once and was a bit rude - kind of off-putting, considering they've been open for maybe a month? I stopped in for an afternoon cup of coffee and a cookie - the cookie tasted like it had been sitting out all morning.The scones here are the best I've ever had - moist on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside and full of flavor!  I think there is a lot of butter in them but you can really taste the ingredients, whether it is blackberry/lemon or fig/brie or chocolate.  The scones are $4 but they're huge and def enough for two ppl or two meals.  I've also tried the babka which i thought was yummy but not as good as the scones.  My husband, on the other hand, loved it.  One star off because the coffee is mediocre (not very fresh tasting and lukewarm at times) and because the prices are a little bit high.  I'm definitely a regular here.Everything I've had here was delicious.  Breakfast sandwiches, cookies, scones, even my birthday cake was from here and it was amazing (coconut)!  Added bonus: they have La Colombe coffee.Brookie. Half brownie half cookie. At $3 this is a ridiculous price. But the flavors were delicious. Super rich and so ooey gooey you wonder if it was half baked :)
The scones-everyone seems to love them but I tried the chocolate chip one and it was about average. Very crispy and buttery. I prefer more cakey scone.
Loved the muffins. Amazingly pillowy and soft!Almost wish this place wasn't so close to my apartment.  I find myself in a constant internal struggle about whether to stop in for a pastry (they are THAT good)... but generally I try to keep it at once or twice a week, as a treat.  The scones and babka are my go to and are really delicious.  The fig&brie scone is my absolute favorite, but many others are good too. Can't go wrong with any of the babkas. The nutella muffin is also delicious if you need more of a chocolate fix.  YUM.The scones and muffins here are on point - the latter getting pretty sweet at the end, but perfect when accompanied with a cup of coffee or tea to balance the sweetness out. I got the cherry & brie scone; you can't really taste the brie but it gives it a nice, crumbly texture with cherries interspersed throughout. At the recommendation of the owner, I also got the chocolate chip nutella muffin (how could you say no to that), which had a nice, rich texture and a toasted top which gives a nice contrasting texture element - AND a surprise nutella filling in the middle that was heaven when I bit into it. 
I got 4 items in total (including the chocolate chip for $1 with the Yelp check-in offer), and it came down to $12, which is on the more expensive end but one of these baked goods would be more than enough to satisfy you! If you don't like sweet stuff as much, I would recommend getting the scones since it gives you the richness of a good baked item without necessary being super sugary and sweet. I went at 3pm on a weekday and a few items were sold out, so definitely drop by in the morning to pick from their full selection!The bread pudding is incredible. Love the addition of the breakfast sandwich--it's on a wonderful homemade english muffin, the eggs are fluffy and flavorful and the bacon is crispy! It beats all the competition. And the scones really are the best in the city.Have been coming here almost once a week since they opened. It is Always good! Staff are very friendly and a big selection. I'm  upping their rating because they have the most amazing breakfast sandwiches ever!! Offered all day you fill out a little paper with amazing options such as how you want the eggs, lots of cheese choices, amazing extras like avocado cucumber tomato, and sauces like hot sauce and jam. They make their own english muffins (more like a larger roll but Really tasty!) they also have excellent ham and cheese croissants on weekends.Chocolate cinnamon babka is very gooey when it's just came out from the oven. Very good and not too sweet. The fig almond is ok. They have a loaf of blueberry cream cheese babka which is pretty good.The food here is fantastic. But beyond the food, the owner and staff put their heart and soul into the place and will accommodate your every need.
We stopped in last Sunday afternoon and they were cleaning up, but stayed open and restarted their grill to make us a warm sandwich with a smile. Now that is service.You will not find a place that sells better baked goods in the city, period. Breakfast sandwiches here are also fantastic. Staff are always friendly, and delivery options make it super convenient to order from this shop anytime.It's a decent place to go for pastries. So far I have tried a meh spice cookie (which everyone commented tasted like a Dunkin Donuts pumpkin munchkin but without the greasy mouth effect after you down it) and a Jewish apple cake tart which was better. To die for no, but I would gladly eat it again.Easily my favorite coffee/ pastry shop closer to Rittenhouse square. There are more modern coffee places (La Colombe) and better places to work (Saxbys) but this is the perfect combo of cute location/ store, good coffee and excellent breakfast selections. I had an egg, ham, and bacon English muffin sandwich and was so satisfied. Had never heard of an everything English muffin before but it's great. People are also so patient and friendly! Definitely check it out.
Only downside is that the space is small so not much space to sit. Take it to the park if you have time and are meeting a friend!Such a cute little "bakeshop"! I came here for the first time this past weekend and not only was the food great, but the service was on point! I got the BLT which was delicious, especially the multigrain toast it was served on (even though it's kind of hard to mess that up). I followed the BLT up with a butterscotch scone, which was light and a perfect sweet treat!I've been to bakeries around the world and this is legit one of the best. I loved the nutella chocolate chip muffin and the chocolate chip cookie! SO f*** GOOD!Place is very small, and could be cute but has extreeeeeeemely slow service, especially on weekends. Waited 30minutes for breakfast sandwich and I wasn't the only one. They estimated 5-10min. 
They also run out or don't stock some coffee items. And they seem to prioritize uber or caviar orders over people who come into the store. An incredibly frustrating experience.Small little shop that was packed in the morning. We came here for a cup of coffee. They had three different kind to choose from but they were empty. The one we had to get wasn't that great. There is not enough room in the place and everyone is in the way. I got my cream and sugar and made my cup of coffee outside. I also tried a streusel pastry. It was really sticky but good.Well I have to come back but I thought the service was so nice that I am happy to write a good review based on my one coffee and cookie order. The people at the Bakeshop are super friendly. I showed them my $1 cookie coupon and although it said chocolate chip cookie on the coupon, they let me pick the one I wanted.The coffee was smooth and the oatmeal cookie was delicious!! The oatmeal cookie is relatively large, crunchy outside and chewy inside with plump raisins and some kind of brown sugar or maple icing drizzled on top. I was a little disappointed because they ran out of their sticky buns which I read were incredible, but it just gives me an excuse to go back!It's impossible to get a bad baked good here. Everything is delicious, love the rotating line-up of treats, and the service is super friendly. Adorable spot that I hit up every chance I get. Only wish they weren't so popular so they wouldn't run out of my favorites!The pastries here are quite delicious, but on the expensive side. My favorites are the oat bar and the scones. The cookies and the brookie are okay, nothing special. Definitely worth visiting.This place is the greatest quick stop for breakfast. The avocado toast is incredible, fresh bread, tomatoes, feta, a fried egg, avocado and siricha. Not to mention they just recently added cold brew coffee to the menu, and it is great high quality cold brew. All of the sandwiches are thoughtfully crafted and made to order. The owners Mark and Lisa are super friendly, as well as the rest of the staff. Can't say enough about this place!I felt terrible after my first visit. I walked in expecting to find a certain cookie a coworker had brought one day. I decided they must have come from Carlos instead...boy was I wrong. This place destroys anything other bakeries in the area produce. There's bound to be something for everyone- from the phenomenal pastry/cookie selection to hand crafted sandwiches
The brownie and chocolate chip cookie is quintessential!Ordered delivery through caviar & was quite pleased with my experience! My order actually arrived early! (Gotta love that) I got the Salmon Special on Artisan Everything Bagel/Bread & it was perfect, maybe a little small for $11 but I would still buy it again. Also ordered the Brookie. You'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't try it!!! Will be ordering from here again for sure!Love the bake shop and the community vibe it has. The brookie is festive and I always opt to east whatever is freshest out of the oven. 
My only complaint is they have a minimum charge for credit cards, which makes it a less desirable place to stop when you're just in a rush for a coffee and want to swipe your card quickly. They always suggest that you get a pastry to reach the minimum but often a coffee is all I need. When I don't have cash, this forces me to go to a chain that accepts cards and I really wish I could be supporting a local business instead.My co-worker introduced me to this bakery. Apparently it's been there for some time, but I never knew about it. Where have I been?!?! Their bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich is completely out of this world. All the ingredients are high quality and carefully put together with love and craft: well-cut bacon cooked to a perfect crisp with two runny eggs and cheddar. You can select from 3 types of breads (Philly muffin, multi-grain, and croissant) and add various toppings (sriracha, jam, tomato, cucumber, and avocado). I got toasted Philly muffin (which reminded me more of focaccia bread than a muffin), with sriracha sauce and tomato as additional toppings. The total cost of $8 was a bit steep for a breakfast sandwich, but it was perhaps the tastiest $8 I've ever spent. Such a satisfying way to start the day. The other items in the shop also look good. I will have to return to try them soon. I was told things can run out pretty early in the day.I'm a fan of the Bakeshop..the coffee is awesome and so are the baked goods.  My favorites are the breakfast sandwich, chocolate chip cookie, and cheese/apple muffin.  So good.  My dog Biggie also loves The Bakeshop.  Once he knows we are headed in that direction he practically runs there..he never does that when we go to Starbucks!I had breakfast here one morning. It was good but I waited a long time for it. It was also overpriced. 
My gender and race was not included on the poster of people who are welcomed at the shop, that is posted at the entrance. I decided to make my weekly Sunday brunch spot across the street where they do not post their political views.Went to the Bakeshop this weekend because its neighbor had too long of a line. Thought I would get a coffee at least. Little did I know that they had food too! I thought it was mostly sweets by its name. And I was very pleasantly surprised. I got the avocado toast and it was amazing!! I am not overly impressed with the competition due to the general lack of flavor and lack of ability to have my eggs cooked how I like them (they only offer scrambled). Not true here! Eggs were cooked perfectly over medium and I was very happy with my choice. Knock down a wall or buy the place next door for extra seating ; ) My new weekend spot!!I can't believe I'm yelping about babka but it was seriously one of the best things I've had in awhile. Breakfast sandwich was on point too. Will pass on the cookies though & stick to metro.I stopped in The Bakeshop as a newcomer from New York City to check out the offerings. I had no intention of buying anything and left with a gorgeous piece of pastel matcha green tea crusted apple pie (in honor of The Eagles super bowl 2018 placement) and a personal sized coffee cake. On coming home, I planned to take a bite from each choice, but ended up devouring the apple pie. Amazing. Best apple pie ever. Beautiful looking, right amount of texture, tartness and sweetness. Perfect.I love the bake shop on twentieth! Their "brookie" (half cookie, half brownie cookie) is incredible. Their sugar cookie is even better. Cute little shop with very limited seating. Not somewhere I'd recommend to sit and get work done, but it's an option if you have a sweet tooth! It's hard to walk by this bake shop and not stop in for a treat! The staff are friendly and professional.I've had numerous items at this adorable little bake shop, all of them good. The cookies are incredibly tasty, as are the sticky buns, babkas, and breakfast pastries. The breakfast sandwiches are also great and worth the wait. I'm glad that this shop came to the neighborhood!The best cookies I've ever had in my life. It's a little costly but completely worth it. The brookie is insanely good as well as the chocolate chip Nutella muffin. By far best cookies in PhiladelphiaI truly love the Bakeshop and agree with all the rave reviews. The people are so friendly and the food is always delicious. I have been going here since they opened last year and they have only gotten better with time (GO LISA!!). I enjoy the babkas, breakfast cookie, and the raspberry walnut bar the most, but who would have known they have delicious lunch items, too!? Try the sandwiches, especially the salmon special (the everything bread MAKES it). It's in a great location, and yes it's on the smaller (and very cozy) side, but you can sit and enjoy your noms if they have open seats, maybe three of four total. I love the decor and cute signs out front. Make a trip here, it's well worth it !!
UPDATE (3/12/16): get the NUTELLA ESPRESSO BLONDIE BROWNIE. TO. DIE. FOR. !!Of all the sweet shops and bakeries I've tried while visiting Philadelphia this is by far the best. The two items were phenomenal, we had the Rittenhouse Square which I'd highly recommend with its caramel covered brownie goodness on a slightly salty thick graham cracker, good God. Their version of a palm sized Oreo tasted spot on.This place can only smell like one thing... Heaven.
I've been here a couple of times now. Every time I get a brookie (aka brownie cookie, DUH). Both the brownie section and the cookie section are soft and gooey. They don't always have them sitting out, but you can ask for one. 
I've also tried several of their other treats. Everything is delicious.This is my best find for my present trip to Phili.  I came here to try out their scones and I was not disappointed.  The fig, yes fig scone was to die for.  This truly is a small place and people are waiting outside for their orders and no wonder everything we tried was great.  You will not be disappointed.  If you're looking to hang out and eat and drink coffee try and get one of the 2 outside tables.  We did and enjoyed the food and coffee.  You must add this to your list of bakeries.Good things do come in small packages -- like killer brownies from this tiny shop.  Good coffee too.  Mind blown.A very solid banana nut scone really makes you wonder why banana nut is usually a muffin or pancake and what other formats might be suitable for the banana nut treatment. Maybe a cookie? Banana nut naan?! who knows. Next time I'll try the brookie, which I'm told is a half brownie half cookie.My first time trying this hidden GEM living almost next door. Woah, what a treat! The best ricotta cookie I've had in my life. Perfect muffins, with extra ingredients and although they're $3.50, it's worth every penny. They hit it out of the park compared to any other muffin shop! And, their food is awesome too- the avocado toast is my favorite! It's a one stop shop for snacks, meals, treats, and smiles. I'll be telling everyone about this little secret on 20th street! Thank you Bake Shop for my delicious treats!Their vegan scones are AMAZING. The texture and taste are consistently on point. I've had a maple scone there once (delicious and not overly / cloyingly sweet, like maple pastries can be) and lemon poppy scones a couple times (so yummy, such a nice simple glaze and so moist and good)While my husband loves the dark chocolate mousse I like the mini Napoleons and the hazelnut meringues are really crunchy. Everyone that works there is the right level of friendly and offer great customer service. 
Best thing, it is wheelchair and mobility scooter accessible.A welcome and beautiful bake shop! 
So happy I stopped in.
I only had the coffee (top notch!) and a blueberry muffin which I shared with my son- but it was also incredible. 
Only three stars because I want to try more to see how the rest of the offerings pan out. But I'm excited for an update!The best bakery in the city, hands down: pastries, breakfast sandwiches, coffee, decor, staff, outdoor seating, you name it. The breakfast sandwiches are a great treat on a weekend morning, and it's hard to resist the baked goods -- just make sure you get there on the early side because it can get packed on the weekends starting around 11:00 AM, and there is not much room inside the shop. The owner is so wonderful! And the staff is super friendly. Go now, my Yelpers!Super cute, super friendly, kinda pricey but worth every penny IMO. Very minimal seating- plan to take your baked goods to go.Looking at the other reviews I must have picked the worst baked good because my $3.50 breakfast cookie was dry and the ingredients were all over the place. It sat like cement in my stomach. Was that a bite of fig? Then a random peanut? I am still digesting the price of a single, dry cookie even more so than the cookie itself. I will keep Metropolitan for the win.Oh. My. Buddha. This place rocks. May be the best egg sandwich on the planet.  Tiny place with limited seating but eat it on the sidewalk like a dog if you have to. It's that good.