Classy but cute, cool little steakhouse. Came here as last min find when visiting Philly w my love. All other steakhouses were booked on this Saturday evening. We were happily surprised as too how nice the staff was, clean calm environment and food was delicious at a reasonable price! Next time I'm in Philly definitely will be back.
I only eat fish and their salmon was cooked perfectly, and my boyfriend loved his steak, highly recommend.Wow! This place was great! Where in philadelphia can you get a whole strip steak, eggs and French fries for $12?! The steak was perfectly seasoned and perfectly pink! The fries were great and had just enough salt! The eggs however were requested over easy and came over hard.. I honestly didn't mind too much bc the steak was so good...
Most importantly.. THE BLOODY MARY........ Hands down one of the BEST that I've had EVER! I think I make a pretty good bloody (secret weapon mud) but this was amazing!! Again the prices are so good! $4!! 
Definitely recommend checking this place out! Will be back for dinner!! 
Great job!The food was great.  I had the meatballs for appetizer and the petite filet for dinner.  Both very good.  I had the bananas foster bread pudding for dessert.  That was great as well. I had a pinot noir glass of wine that was very good.  Jen was my server/bartender at rhe bar and was very nice and attentive.  I would definitely recommend a trip here.Such a little find. But such an unfortunate name! You can't beat the price for the food. The salad was fresh, the fries were great. My steak was undercooked....by a lot.  I'll order MW next time and hope to get my medium. The bread pudding was fantastic.
The service and ambience is friendly and cozy. Perfect for a neighborhood spot. I'll be back soon.My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and it was amazing! 
Jamie our waiter was great and very helpful! 
We both had the steak Manison and it was full of flavor and so delicious! 
We also had the TSJ Mac and cheese and we highly recommend it!! Best Mac and cheese we have ever had! 
Service and food was impeccable and we highly recommend it! We will be back!This was fantastic! Everything we ate (crab cake appetizer, petite filet, ny strip, grilled asparagus) was perfect. The staff was very accommodating about food sensitivities (dairy) and carefully met our needs without making us feel awkward about it.  The grilled asparagus was simple but spectacular, the steaks were cooked perfectly and the crab cake was delicious.Love this place! Great neighborhood bar/restaurant.  The service is always top notch, friendly and attentive.  I've been here for dinner and brunch and both were fantastic.  Really yummy Bloody Mary's.Excellence of Barclay Prime without Barclay Prime price.  Apps are meh, quality of steaks makes up for that.  Service is v. good, you're attended to w/o being smotheredTalk about hitting the mark.
Food: Strip steak is legit, with a big portion of quality meat, well cooked, and for a way affordable price. Not to mention it comes with a fresh salad with good dressing studded with pepadews of all things, and truffle frites with bits of parsley through. You'd think at these prices and quality the little things would give, but no, they've got the little things down too.
Drinks: Cocktails same as food--healthy pours, great ingredients, and good combinations, at a great price.
Ambiance is on point, and service at the bar was attentive, knowledgeable, and helpful all the way through.
All in all, great spot to lounge away a night, and great addition to the neighborhood.I wold give negative reviews if I could, The bartender is extremely rude and disrespectful  do not go to this bar if you do not want to feel disrespected
.  In three different locations I went there with some friends and I was treated extremely rude. It is not worth your money or your time to get upset how about bad service by the bartender. There is no reason to give your money to an establishment that does not respect people, And don't care about service, do you self a favor and go somewhere else.Was looking forward to trying this concept as I was always surprised by the good food and so-so service at SoWe. The decor is nice, warm, intimate, and "sexy" (which is what they are going for with the new concept).
The food
The fried pickles were heavily battered and thick pickle slices. I always prefer a nice crunch and a thinner slice.
They were out of
Burger on the menu, was a new blend and new topping
Fish - delivery did not come
Cheesesteak
We split the Steak Maison and 6oz Filet.
The salads were good, nice white balsamic dressing.
The Steak Maison had excellent seasoning and came with a sauce
The Filet was disappointing. For a filet, it has no seasoning and almost no taste. It was also pretty gristly and tough even for medium (which was more like medium rare)
The fries were good. The brussel sprouts were roasted but not as well done as I would have liked. They were also seasoned and a bit sweet.
The service was nothing special.
Drinks were 20% on our bill and there was a good selection of drinks.
Love the neighborhood spot, has potential, but I do not see myself returning. There are plenty of other better food spots in the neighborhood. Plus, if I want a steak, I can go elsewhere with much better quality for a small premium.I don't understand how anyone could give this place more than 1 star.  I have never left a review  for a restaurant before but this place has been so horrible each time I've went.  I live on the same block as The Strip Joint, and have ended up there for dinner 3 times over the last few months.  As a chef, I hate to say this, but they need to get some new cooks in that kitchen.  This place is a steakhouse? Not ONCE has my or my fellow diners proteins been cooked to correct temp. The last time I was there our waitress got back to back complaints from our table and the once next to us.  It made me feel bad because she was sweet and it's not her fault but that is not something that should be happening.  How long until we have an actual restaurant in this location?  I can only eat at The Sidecar so many times.Honey! When I am in Philly I am going to a Strip Joint was my statement as I was about to leave on a business trip to Philly.  My wife without batting an eyelash said "Enjoy you bloody steak"...knowing full well that for this male human the word strip is almost always beef related (no pun intended!) to my favorite cut.
The Strip Joint used to be something else before this, but I am glad the owners saw it fit to create a steak place with almost every cut under $20! Quaint old fashioned setting inside with dark wood and splashes of red evoking an era of the old, all well accompanied by well made cocktails. On this occasion I decided to dine at the bar and found the bartender to be a very knowledgeable and friendly chap who made me a perfect old fashioned while I waited for my steak tartar.  This was a really well made tartar with the beef hand cut into tiny cubes and seasoned with dijon, shallots and capers and was almost a refreshing dish.  I of course ordered the NY strips which I had to sling back the first time because it was overcooked, but came out perfectly med rare after the fix. The fries were ridiculously good, crispy tender and really worked well with the tender meaty bites of the strip.  They also threw in some mushrooms which added the touch of umami to the whole proceedings.
They even comped my a glass of wine since they screwed up the steak and I noticed that they had a nice and varied wine list, again which did not have horrific markups.
All in all a very enjoyable place that I could easily see myself walking into everyday if I lived in the neighborhood.  (I made another trip before leaving, and everyone remembered me, including the cut of steak I liked, and how I liked it cooked!..not bad service I say.)The bartender Adam was the best part of our experience. Very attentive and conversational. The food was meh. The fried pickles tasted like they were actually cucumbers. There was no pickle taste or crunch at all. The batter for the pickles was too sweet. For our meal we had the filet mignon. It was very dry for it to be cooked at medium. I can only imagine the taste if it was cooked at a higher temp. The outside of the steak was charred with a pink center. It could have been good with less outside char. I will go back and give them another try. Mostly because it's the only steak place this close to my home and I love steak. I may try another item off the menu. Hopefully it will be better.Though my memory's a little foggy seeing as I was here about a month ago, I do know I enjoyed this place a lot.
It's very chic and swanky, yet without being pretentious.  It could pass for your typical neighborhood corner bar, but a little classier.  The low-lit, romantic feel was a nice touch.
My friends ordered full steak meals here, which looked bangin'.  I think the menu offered something like $19 steak meal deal, where you get a salad to start and fries on the side included in the price.  There were different chops and styles to choose from, but the New York Strip is what they're known for, hence the name.
I munched on crispy, seasoned fries off the bar menu and they were delicious.  Not only that, but they were only $4 and came in a giant bowl.
I would like to try the steak or other main entrees or maybe even the often talked about brunch before bumping it up a star.....until then, I'm looking forward to my next visit!I'll start by saying that SoWe was my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood, so I may be jaded a bit, but I can't understand why people feel the need to change something that isn't broken!  The only reason Strip Joint gets two stars from me is because of the bartenders(who are always really friendly and cool), and the mussels are still good.  Besides that it sucked.  Waitress was unfriendly, new menu restrictive and uninspired (what of it they had in stock...half the menu was 86'd when we were there a week after it opened), steak was not even close to the correct temp (ordered medium well, came rare).  SoWe had great atmosphere (which is still intact with Strip Joint) and amazing, creative dishes...the best grilled cheese I ever had, Vietnamese Pho-inspired french dip!  It was great, and they had to change it.  Oh well, maybe it'll be like New Coke, and they'll go back to Classic when the new concept flops.The Strip Joint is in a relatively tough area considering they have to deal with Sidecar just a block away. It seems like they are trying too hard to compete as an alternative to the established gastropub, but it doesn't quite work.
For starters, Sidecar has better food, a more eclectic beer selection, and a more knowledgeable staff. This is not to say the staff at The Strip Joint do a poor job, it just seems like they are not nearly as focused as they should be at all times. With that said, all of the bartenders and waiters are very nice.
It really is a bizarre premise when you think about it: a steak house and corner bar. I don't know if Graduate Hospital really needed a "steakhouse bar," it kind of needed a nice corner bar to get away from the expensive Sidecar. The food is decent here, but not always worth the price as well.
Overall, this is a fine bar, with decent food, decent beer, and decent service.Went here for Sunday brunch.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  Unfortunately, none of the steaks on the table were properly cooked.Decided to give this spot a try since I decided to do Sunday Brunch a little late...In short, unqualified servers and a very slow kitchen ruined this experience - the uninspiring food was bearable. 40 minute wait to receive our French Toast (soggy bread w/ cheap syrup and no taste to dish) and Ploughmans Burger (requested medium rare but came out as well done w/ sad looking fries and over cooked eggs). Staff never mentioned the kitchen was running slow, place was 60% full. I can't recommend this place, better off wasting your time in line at somewhere that will serve worthwhile food. This place won't last more than 1-2 years. 2 stars since I was starving and eventually got served.Very slow service, mediocre food. The wait staff was nice, but the food took forever to come despite it being a slow night.Great little bar! Went here yesterday with a "friend" for an afternoon drink, and I'm glad this place is around his corner. Jackie the bartender was awesome, and made us some excellent Bloody Mary's - perfect amount of spicy and vodka. We didn't eat anything, but all of the good that passed us looked great! Definitely going to need to return sometime soon for some food and more drinks.Finally got around to visiting TSJ.  Was skeptical to try the new concept here at the old SOWE.  Was pretty decent.  I was not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.  There were some issues but overall, not bad.  The mussels were tasty but were kind of on the cool side when they were delivered to the table.  The juice they were in was a bit too salty.  Our salads were never delivered but our desserts were comped for that mistake.  Three of us ordered the strip steaks.  Two of us had medium and it was a tad bit too cooked but still mostly pink.  As steaks go, it was better than I had expected.  Pretty flavorful & tender.  Our friend ordered med-rare and hers was for sure med well.  It was mostly cooked through, but there was a spot in the middle that was more medium/pink.  The waiter did offer to replace it but she opted to keep it. The fries were really good.  I was bummed they didnt offer a baked potato or mashed potato option but the fries did not disappoint.  Other friend had a burger and he was very happy with it.  A 14 ounce burger!!  The deserts were good.  The banana foster bread pudding was great.  And I typically do not like banana/bread pudding combo.  It was heated throughout and had crunchy bits around the edges.  The brownie-  mascarpone desert was so-so.  There used to be a brownie on SOWE's menu that was to die for.  So not sure why they would step down to any other brownie.  Also, would have been better had it been warm and we all thought it would have been better with ice cream instead of the mascarpone.We found this restaurant during Valentine's day when Branzino turned into a s*** show. The host greeted us by the door bc I called ahead and got seated right away. Our waiter came quick and provided us with specials on drinks and food. We ordered a bottle of wine for $30 which was pricey for the brand of wine we got and it didn't come till we got our salad. We finished our salads and waited a bit, that's when our mussels with bacon came. It was a yummy dish, just a little salty bc of the bacon I think. We waited for a few minutes for our order. We ordered the surf and turf (Brazilian lobster + steak maison) and it was good, I think the sauce is what made it (ask for extra on the side for your fries that comes with the meal). The food didn't come for awhile, we waited for about another 15 mins for it. We didn't order dessert bc the couple next to us ordered and didn't get it for almost 20-30 mins!! Overall this place was good and priced appropriately; will have to try their brunch but food can be faster please..I had to join yelp just to write review.   Worst steak ever.  You know it's bad when you go to a steak house and the best part was a VEGGiE flat bread.   That was very good.  I'll give the fries some credit too, but let's move on to the steak.  I wasn't impressed with the options for steak (usually get a rib eye), so i asked the server for an opinion. She said filet, so I ride a filet medium-rare.  This thing came out absolutely raw.  I eat out five days a week and can't remember the last time I sent a dish back....I am very tolerable even if I'm not super satisfied with an entree and never put up a fuss.  This time though I had to send it back.   It comes back out five minutes later, which is understandable because I did order Medium RARE.  The right side of steak was fine - medium rare, the left side was not cooked at all...just about as raw as the first time.   I wish I took a pic.  I'm grateful I have not gotten sick yet from what I did end up eating. Will never be back to say the least (except maybe for the veggie flat bread and a side of salty fries)This is the former SoWe Bar with a new restaurant concept.  I have to say initially I was not sure the neighborhood needed a steak house.  After enjoying a soft opening and a number of brunch meals, I have to say it is needed.  Where can you go in this city to eat a decent steak dinner with apps for the price this place has? zero places.  SoWe had some competition with other gastropubs, and even though more often than not SoWe had beat out the other gastropubs in terms of food, I think people just didnt walk south enough on 22nd street to find out.
I am honestly excited, they have probably the best service staff on this side of Broad Street.  Its great to walk in and after a few visits to be almost first name basis.  The food is stellar, the place is comfortable, and the bar staff knows their drinks.  The owner knows what the people want, and it's clear with her new restaurant.
If you want a solid date night for a decent price, come here, we do.  It is a bit out of the way, but it's worth it.  I have no idea why everyone waits outside of Sidecar, when they can prob get a better experience 1 block south.My boyfriend and I went to dinner on Friday and both ordered the special which was a surf and turf (filet).  Our dinner was awesome and you can't beat the size of lobster with a 6oz filet for $33/plate.  Not to mention that all dinners come with french fries that are so good and a side salad.  I'd highly recommend this place as it will soon become my go to.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the appetizer menu wasn't too exciting.  Hopefully they do some appetizer specials and rotate these throughout the year, but otherwise I have no complaints.  Looking forward to brunch!We tried the strip joint on a whim and were very disappointed. The food had absolutely no taste and everything was poorly executed. The service was the only good part about our visit. The lowest point was the inch of dust on the light fixtures. An establishment we will definitely not visit againThis place is on the corner of our block and has been various restaurants over time.  We decided to eat here for brunch.  My husband had the steak and eggs (it came with fries).  The steak was good but overcooked- ordered medium and received medium-well at best.  He ordered eggs over light and eggs arrived over well.  Sent back the eggs  and they arrived sunny side up.  Didn't waste the time sending them back.  I got the french toast.  It was good however I agree with another review, the banana had no flavor.  The bar menu looks good, maybe we will try that.  Not a huge fan.I've owned and operated several restaurants and always appreciate a place that "gets it". The Strip Joint is one of those places. Menu is simple. Food was great. Had a starter, New York Strip, and several sides to sample. The owner brought out a few of her house steak sauces. All of which were delicious and not overpowering to the meat. Decor was cozy and cool. Waiter was Jamie. He was awesome!  Banana bread pudding for dessert was phenomenal. At the price point, meal was extremely high value. 
Folks, if you are looking for a cozy neighborhood restaurant with great ambience and food, look no further in the steak category! I will be a repeat guest asap!Very cool neighborhood joint.  The menu is fairly simple and straightforward.  Prices are very reasonable.  All bottles of wine are $30.  As a non-meat-eater, the selection is quite limited for me so I have been limited to their salmon which is usually their special.  Its delicious.  My only complaint of this place is their lack of selection.  So far I don't see it as a place that I would be able to return to very often.  I hope that changes because its a cool place.Is there a kindergarten cooking class going on here??   Sorry to say service is still great; but food tonight you could have had at the melrose diner.  Flavor of food was v. good, temperature was way less than wonderful - steak was barely warm.  Wasn't described as room temp, so why did it come out that way??  WTF?  New untried cook or just not caring about clients..................?????  Jaimie is close to magnificant, what happened to back of the house?  party of 4, 2 of us have worked in the industry & if there's a problem - you tell your customers up front - if back of the house even clued you in.   Been here 7 or so times, but last sunday and tonight make me want to put my money & reviews somewhere elseRecently moved into the area and my GF and I love having a neighborhood steakhouse just a few blocks away.  We have eaten there a bunch of times already and we will continue to.  The wait staff is always on point and super friendly.  They definitely make you feel welcome.  I highly recommend the food, and the price.
-SethCame to the Strip Joint last night for the first time since SOWE changed from our good 'ole neighborhood bar to a "value driven" steakhouse.  I have to admit when I found out about the concept change- I wasn't happy nor did I think I'd ever end up visiting The Strip Joint.  Needless to say, on a Saturday night with nothing to do, the fiance suggested we try it and I couldn't say no.
If the review was only about the food- this place would have my full FIVE-STARS.  The food was excellent.  Very few complaints.  We ordered the Spicy Fried Pickles for an appetizer (it is a side, we had to ask for it before our meals) and they were delish.  Not completely battered but lightly fried with a yummy spicy sauce and a super creamy blue cheese dip.  
The menu is small but allows for a lot of customization which I love.  You pick your cut of steak, your sauce, and your sides, if any.  With $19 steaks, I didn't mind paying an extra $2 for sauce.  (I understand they wanted to say all the steaks were under $20... but just charge $21 and give "Free" sauce...).  We both ordered the 10oz NY Strip Steak- his medium with Cowboy BBQ; mine medium-rare with the Signature Sauce.  We also shared the side of Creamed Spinach & Kale.
The main courses all come with a huge plate of perfect fries and a house salad that was crisp and fresh- no complaints there.  Our steaks arrived a significant amount of time after we were finished our pickles and salads... we awkwardly sat there with nothing in front of us for at least 10 minutes.  When the steaks arrived, mine did not have the gravy boat of signature sauce, or the creamed spinach *more on this later*.  I started on the steak anyway since I didn't want it to get cold or over-done for my taste.  The steak was absolutely delicious.  The outside was crusty and the perfect type of salty that you'd expect on a good steak.  My med-rare was absolutely medium... it was definitely not at all rare... which was a disappointment, but the steak was so good it didn't really matter.  Once the sauce arrived, the dipping begun- and holy moly... the buttery sauce was the perfect match for my steak and fries.  YUM!  
The creamed spinach arrived a few minutes later- it tasted great but was way on the creamy side which made it hard to eat as we spooned it out on our steak plates and only had a fork to eat it with.  
As for our cocktails- neither were that outstanding, I'd save the money and go with the cheap craft beer on tap next time.
The reason (besides the steak being overcooked... normally I wouldn't mind but this being a "steakhouse" I'd expect better) I didn't give Strip Joint 5-Stars was because of the atmosphere and service.  SOWE had always been a bar that never got too crowded and we experienced the same type of feel from Strip Joint.  It was just a little too quiet and dark.
Our server was a very nice girl but it seemed like there must have been something more important going on than serving us.  The first indication should have been when she asked us if we wanted to start with drinks after we had already ordered a pair from her 5 minutes prior.  When the steak arrived without sauce, I commented and asked if we were still going to get the creamed spinach... she seemed annoyed and responded with "Okay".  When she came back, she told us "the spinach is my fault but the sauce is the kitchen's fault"... it was very uncomfortable.  We also were pretty much ignored the entire very awkwardly long wait between our salads and main courses.  
The very late spinach was comped, but my sauce was not- something I definitely would have done if I were serving, but whatever.  I understand service can be spotty so I'd totally give this place another shot- the food was great.  I'd say if I get service like this one more time, that would be enough to not come again.The service was so wonderful - and I rarely rate on service. We sat at the bar on a reasonably busy night and bartender was just so friendly and professional.  The food was very good and just what we were looking for. 
We enjoyed some lobster Mac and cheese as well as a solid and reasonably priced steak and pork chop. 
I tried several drinks off the menu and each was well made. At one point the bartender went to the back to find Russian Standard vodka for me because I told him I liked it. 
I have recommended this place to friends as a cozy and casual place for a good meal. We intend to return for brunch.Visited this restaurant for the first time.  I must say that I was pleasantly surprised.  The decor was warm and inviting.  Its not loud and rowdy. Definitelt family friendly.  The waitstaff were very friendly and our waiter was a cutie pie. He definitely earned his tip.  On the plus side.  The food was delicious, well seasoned and reasonably priced. You can get a New York strip steak with fries and a salad for $19.99.    We added two vegetable sides which again were cooked to perfection. The creamed kale and spinach was creamy but not watery and very flavorable. The roasted brussel sprouts were divine.  I am always in awe of anyone that can grill vegetables without burning them.  Mine always come out either undercooked or totally scorched. On the negative side:   the vegetables were $5 an order. Still not too bad when you think about the total cost of the meal.  Also if you want any kind of sauce with you steak it's an additional $2.00 per sauce.  I had the house sauce which was a cream based whiskey sauce.  Delish!!  All in all I would definitely go back.Excellent concept - simplified menu focusing on quality steak for a reasonable price. The ambiance is hip and stylish but still casual. It is a hybrid of a gastropub and upscale steakhouse. $20 gets you a quality NY strip or filet served with frites... sides are a la carte.
Great drink menu too.In every city I visit I look for the local places. The corner bars and hidden little restaurants that are known only to the locals. They are the true gems of any city. Philadelphia has a stunning new gem.
The Strip Joint has chosen a niche that I have not found in any other restaurant. Superbly chosen ingredients, fantastically prepared, at a price that will make you question your sanity (In only the best ways). It is a steakhouse that can easily be compared to the best in any city.
The space, formerly known as SoWe has been transformed into The Strip Joint. The decor brings to mind an older time, when a place known by this name would be a man's place; deep reds, soft gold, weighty greens, woods, and slightly muted lighting. It is certainly no boudoir but the tone is there.  They carry the theme through the menu as well, with headings like "Teasers" and "The Main Stage", "lil' on the side" and of course "Happy Endings" fun.
The menu choices are as stripped down as the name implies. They keep it simple and do each of them right. Period. A short selection of appetizers from musslels to stuffed balls. A simple list of entrees that includes your choice of sauces (included in the price). The selection of 6 different side orders (added to the meal ala carte) is simple and excellently chosen.
Do NOT get me started on the dessert choices...yet.
Everything is carved, cut, baked, or prepared in house.
Steak tartare - buttery and balanced with crostini and peppadew.
Stuffed Balls - surprisingly done marinara sauce (gravy for the Italians among you) light and well touched with basil and parmesan. The smoked cheese buried inside was a delight when it snuck into my third bight.
Salad - a nice perfectly sized pile of mixed greens with cucumber and carrot case, with a light coating of a white balsamic vinaigrette, flavorful and just right.
The Steak Maison - a 10oz coulotte cut, cooked to perfection, a perfect blue rare. Tender and crusty and flavorful. I added the Signature Sauce a soft creamy dijon based sauce that fit well with the crisp seared edges of the meat. All served over a bed of perfectly sliced and cooked shoe string fries. When so many places are serving some sort of frozen, flavor coated potato substitute it was a joy to taste a perfectly done french fry.
I also sampled the filet with the Sweet & Spicy Horseradish sauce. I find that it is easy for a filet to lack flavor and it is not one of my first choices of cut, but this one was a impressive; full of flavor, and, again, perfectly prepared. The sauce however caused my eyes to roll back into my head in sheer pleasure. The balance of sweet and spicy was exciting. The texture of their secret ingredient was evident (you have to go taste it and ask them for yourself, its really not a secret but you have to taste it).
Sauteed Wild Mushroom - full mushroom flavor complimented by the herbs. Excellently done.
Spicy Fried Pickles - a young, house pickled cucumber was sliced, fried in a tempura style batter, and served with a slightly spicy dipping sauce. I had two minor issues with this side. First, I would have liked just a little more spicy to the dish, but then I like things hot. Second, they are too tasty, I wanted an order twice the size! A great dish.
And the desserts. A choice of 4 decadent "Happy Endings" and house made ice cream or sorbet; certainly NOT an overwhelming list, but still almost impossible to make a choice. I am a sucker for anything key lime done well, so the Key Lime Cheesecake was my immediate choice.  It was light, creamy and just the right amount of key lime. Exceptional.
Add to all of this the value, yes, value. The price of the salad, steak, and fries is $19.99. That alone would have been a beautiful meal. The wine list has no bottle over $30.00 and the house wine, Steakhouse Red, is delicious. Simple, balanced, and a perfect wine for this amazing little place, and at just $8.00 a glass, truly appealing.
The missing piece is usually service. In this case it is not missing. The staff is attentive, knowledgeable, creative, and smiling. Who would have thought making a virgin mojito would be possible with no mint, but Kollin, the bar manager created something delicious, basil instead of mint...great work Kollin. Jamie, the waiter, was fantastic. He knows his stuff, he engages his guests, and he is smiling the entire time. 20% is not enough for service like this.
Taking someone out for a great steak dinner just got better and The Strip Joint is the place to do it. 
http://phillystripjoint.com/The spicy fried pickles were TO DIE FOR!!!!  Will be grabbing these as take-out often.  Server was excellent. The place was empty except for one 2-top. Poker had backroom filled. Kitchen didn't seem to have its act together as the burger & 2 steak dinners came out before the crab cakes. Too long before. And yes the meals begin with a salad & come with a mountain of fries - but the price is still not great. Yeah we had wine & 2 side dishes. The creamed spinach/kale was not what I thought. More like cream of kale soup. Like just cooked kale in a thin sauce. Won't be back until they get it right."Come on Mia, lets go and get a steak.
You can get steak here daddy-o." -- Pulp Fiction (1994)
What an odd little steakhouse with out any pretense.  I found this place searching on Yelp for a place for my coworkers and me to go on a night after a long day working - one guy wanted steak and the other good cocktails.  This place made me laugh with the name and once I looked at the menu, it was a must!
Our waiter was a card - full of personality and not afraid to show it. He was over the top and after we got used to it - he grew on us.  The cocktails were delicious...not too strong, but nice a stiff. We started with the cheese board. Nothing too impressive, but a good starter nonetheless.  They were out of the brussels sprouts, but otherwise we had carte blanche with the menu.
I opted for the Filet Mignon with the mushrooms and asparagus as my side (the substitute for the Brussels).  And luckily, my friend ordered the mac and cheese.  The steak was properly prepared, but it was an odd cut of filet and I will say I have had better steaks in many places (including my own grill).  But, the horseradish sauce was phenomenal and was a much welcomed accompaniment for both the steak and the frites (which I didn't want, but came with the steak anyway).  I also loved having the mushrooms to add that earthiness and to pump up the steak flavor.
The asparagus was nicely grilled and not overly cooked - I prefer a nice bite left to it.  The mac and cheese was the star of the side show.  Crunchy bits of breadcrumbs on top and a rich, sharp creaminess - Mike won with his side selection.  
We planned ahead and saved room for dessert.  Our server talked us into the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding - he said it was the best dessert.  Well, it was good.  I got the Bananas Foster flavor, but it was undercooked in the middle, a bit too rich and the "fresh bananas" that were I guess sauteed, were mealy and under-ripe...so they had NO banana flavor at all.  Very disappointing.
Overall it was a good meal and I would probably go back again.Had a great meal here tonight with my parents and my boyfriend. Jason was our server and he was great, very personable, joking around with my mom (she loved him), and very attentive. I was nervous because my parents are very picky, steak-and-French fries, and not much else when they go out to dinner, so I thought we'd give The Strip Joint a try, since I enjoyed the former SoWe.  We had a veggie flatbread and an order of the Gouda stuffed meatballs as appetizers to share, both were very flavorful and I'd like to try to make my own version of the meatballs sometime. My mom ordered the big daddy steak, she loved it and said she could cut it with a butter knife it was so tender. My dad and boyfriend each ordered the Strip steak and they both enjoyed their steaks as well. I am the oddball of the group and am not a huge fan of steak, so I had the ahi tuna special medium rare, served with oven roasted potatoes and spinach. My meal was delicious. Oh! We also shared Brussel sprouts and Mac and cheese mostly between my dad, boyfriend, and I- both were delicious, but with the amount of food we had between our appetizers, salads, and entrees, we ended up bringing most of each of those dishes home. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed our experience, the service, decor, food, and value was wonderful. I'd return to The Strip Joint again for sure, and will recommend it to my friends in the neighborhood.I have family around here and we like to frequent all of the neighborhood spots. There's really a lot of great places around the area but unfortunately this is not one of them. Food is subpar, service is lack luster, and the drinks are weak. 
Bottom line, there are so many great restaurants in this area, I don't know why anyone would waste their money here unless every where else is packed, because this place never is.Let's be honest, this concept for this neighborhood is amazing. There is nothing like coming in and getting a fantastically priced meal and awesome service. 
While I loved the place is was before (SoWe) this new creation is nothing but the best. Where else is this city can you have an amazing steak crafted for $19? These steaks are on par with anywhere else in this city full of overpriced and over complicated steak houses. 
Don't forget to try their brunch. They we're known for their brunch menu before, but now it has everything you really need for a fantastic meal without the over complication. 
Also, Tuesdays with Jamie for quizzo, you really can't miss with fantastic specials and great entertainment! 
Go and check this new incarnation of a fantastic place to eat and hang out. You surely will be happy and enjoy your meal and time here.I went looking for some action on Saturday night, and ended up at the Strip Joint.  Disappointed when I arrived, I settled for some steak (kidding).  
I had the Steak Maison and fried pickles.  I have to say, I was pretty disappointed in the fried pickles.  The batter was too bready and soft.  The dipping sauce that came with it was good but not enough to save the dish.  The steak was decent and overall with fries and a salad, it's a value but I prefer the steak frites at Good King's Tavern for $15.  There was nothing particularly memorable about the meal. 
The place is cozy and service was friendly, but I don't see myself back in this establishment unless circumstances put me there, ie. someone wants to try it, we're in the area, SideCar is too crowded, etc.The service was very good, I wish I could say the same for the steak.  We started off with the salads, and a cheese plate which was good but we had to pay a dollar more if you wanted more than three small pieces of bread.  The steak which came next was very very tuff, and  we were unable to eat it.   We did have the key lime cheese cake which was tart and delicious.Wow.   Very good restaurant.   Steaks were great and cheap.  $30 bottles of wine not bad for a steakhouse.  stuffed balls were amazing.  Would give five if the waitress was better.  She was a bit rude to us.  Otherwise, highly recommended.Love this place. Great food, great diversity-not only do they have great specials during philly sports games but they also have a great beer selection AND and jukebox!This was one of the worst meals we've ever had in Philadelphia. 
4 of us went to dinner -- started simple: 2 beers and a pitcher of "house-made sangria." The sangria was appalling. It was like watered down bad Chardonnay with apple chunks added at the last minute. 
When ordering, we asked the server (who was nice but not very observant considering we hated almost everything) what a strip loin was vs. a strip steak. He described it well (a total lie but a great sell) -- "it's the tenderness of a filet with the flavor that comes from the strip steak." Then we asked about the signature sauce which he said was a cream sherry brandy sauce. All around the "steak maison" sounded great. It was NOT.
When we got our food (2 steak maisons cooked medium rare, 1 strip steak cooked medium rare and a burger) we were disgusted mainly by the inability to chew (let alone cut) the meat. The steak maisons were the worst. One person described it as trying to eat a rhino's skin. This was completely accurate. A RHINO'S SKIN. That's how bad the steak was. The burger was equally gross --- so overcooked the meat was crumbling. The only piece of meat that was even edible was the strip steak. We basically fought over it. 
Other things --- 
Fries: good
Cheese macaroni gratin: very good
Sautéed wild mushrooms: ok
Rhubarb lovin lemonade: terrible
Ambience: lovely -- we sat outside on a gorgeous night 
Strip steak: ok
Burger: terrible
Steak maison: God awful 
Sangria: disgusting
Our stomaches are already dreading having to digest the meat from the strip joint. Don't do it.Good food! But when they run out of steak, they cut it up for you and serve half your steak to someone else. smh. Look for yourself in the photos, some steak served whole and some steak cut up. 
never had my steak come cut up anywhere else but here.Was in a little getaway in Philly and stopped here for dinner. Fell in love with all apps and a coconut drink. The steak was good. Just wished that they had other options than French fries with the steak. Loved the cheese tray, mussels, calamari's, crab cakes.Came back to The Strip Joint to take advantage of the outdoor seating and enjoyed the burger and portabello mushroom dish. Both were fantastic, but the burger really stole the show. At $16 it's not cheap, but it's HUGE and had excellent flavor. We will definitely come back for that! Our drinks were a bit disappointing on this trip (they've changed the drink menu and while they all sounded delicious in theory, the two we ordered were meh - and seemed pretty weak). Owen has been our server twice now and he's fantastic! Super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.Cute little place where we had brunch. Great decor and atmosphere and the waiter was very knowledgable and nice. We were on a time constraint where we had to catch our flight so he made sure things came out somewhat quickly. 
The drinks were good and the mussels were delicious. Everyone else said their food was really good. If you're in the neighborhood it's a cute place to grab brunch with some friends.
It's a small place so if you're coming at prime time make sure you call ahead to see if they have seating.If you love steak (and what crazy person doesn't?), then you will love The Strip Joint.
This new restaurant in the Graduate Hospital / Southwest Center City area of town gets so many things right.  The food is excellent.  I had a NY strip steak that was very generously portioned and cooked perfectly.  It was a close your eyes and say "mmmm" experience.  Loved it.  The French fries here are delicious, crispy, and well seasoned.  The house salad that comes with all entrees is just the right size and is topped with julienned veggies that elevate it beyond your typical side salad.  The steak tartare is awesome, tasty, and different from your standard bar food fare.  Finally, the dessert options are mouth watering.
The prices here are right on.  You can get an appetizer, a salad, a steak and fries, and dessert all for $35.  It's like restaurant week here every day.  Seriously though, there is nowhere else in the city that you can get a steak dinner of this quality for only $19.  You get the quality of a Center City steakhouse with the prices and convenience of a neighborhood gastropub.  It's just a phenomenal deal. 
The service is friendly and enthusiastic, and the new decor is a much welcomed addition.  This restaurant straddles the line between casual and sophisticated, and so it would serve as a great environment for a romantic date, a birthday dinner, or a graduation celebration.  But it's also informal enough for a relaxed weekday dinner.
I was a big fan of Sowe back in the day.  It went through a lot of changes tweaking things but what was always consistent was the amazing food.  The Strip Joint carries on that tradition, but with STEAK.  I haven't tried the new brunch menu yet but I hope to soon.  I will be returning here, soon and often.After several trips to 'The Strip Joint' it is time to pass verdict, and it's sad to fall so low. 
So why? On the plus side, you can always get in. On the minus side, in a buzzing neighborhood, you can always get in. I should disclose I was a regular at sowe, so there is some bias.
This place seems to have tried so hard to be different that it has missed the local scene entirely. While some folks will travel in from out of town to visit, according to the positive reviews here, there are not enough out of town visitors to GH to keep a concept going.
Decor is dark and the staff try, but honestly seem desperate and your heart simply goes out to them. 
On recent visits the food was so so, mussels and fries loaded with salt, steak over cooked and, well, you get what you pay for. Compared to ASB, Sidecar, Tenstone and the places it wants to be different from, the beer selection is poor and the strength of Sowe, it's wine, has been lost.
In short, this place has made itself different from sowe. It is a low price, blue collar baby boomer place in a millennial/gen X professional transitional neighborhood. Sowe was a slightly different 'me too' that had a following, if not a huge one. The Strip Joint has missed the target.I actually liked Sowe (despite that no one who lives here calls our hood "sowe") and am disappointed by the change to the The Strip joint.  Obviously not taking my kid here anymore for brunch! Food is meh. Staff rotates often. Thank goodness there's Sidecar.My family of 4 (two adults and two kids) were here last night.   It was honestly just okay.   The concept is great, but didn't quite deliver.  
The good-  The price.   $21 for a steak (with signature sauce), fries and a salad is a great deal.  
The sweet and spicy fried pickles were the highlight of my entire night.   They were deliciously delicious and I wish I got more than just 4 of them on the plate! 
The fries were yummy.
The spinach salad was fresh and very tasty
The dipping sauce choices were delicious and great for our fries! 
Dessert was good, although there were several changes on the menu that evening.  
The bad- You'd think that a place that specializes in steak would know how to cook them to the right temperature.   We had 3 NY strips on the table, all ordered Medium and none of them were cooked the same!   One of them was VERY obviously Medium Well, close to Well Done.   One was Medium on one half of the steak and Medium Rare on the other part.   And my husband's...his was rare, very rare.    We did mention it to the server, but chose not to send it back, because it was already getting late.   
The meatball appetizer wasn't fantastic and not extremely hot in the center.   
The service was friendly, although I'm pretty sure she was the only server in the restaurant (it's small) so things, like getting a soda or the check took quite a long time.  
I was most disappointed in the brussels sprout side dish.   It's labeled as roasted brussels sprouts...  they didn't have much roast to them...when I roast brussels sprouts they're usually charred a little...these weren't at all.  I have a feeling they may have been frozen at one time or another.   Also, they oddly tasted like they had an asian flavor to them.   They would've gone very well with any chinese dish in another restaurant, but I didn't think they paired well with my steak dinner at all.   This was also mentioned to the server, who asked the chef and was told that there was only olive oil, salt, pepper and garlic.   There is no way that's how they were prepared...unless that's how they prepared them after they came out of the freezer, already seasoned.   
I don't believe I would go out of my way to return for dinner.  Their Brunch menu looked interesting, we may try that one day, maybe....I loved this place!!! Had a wonderful experience. The staff is friendly, genuine and very helpful! Food was excellent. My boyfriend said their burger was one of the best in the city .. and he has had alot! My crab cakes were excellent as were the spicy fried pickles and gouda mac and cheese. Awesome spot. Going to go back and try brunch next!The Strip Joint is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. I like that they are trying to bring a new concept to the area. I was super excited to see a FULL HOUSE, including a full bar, when we went on a Friday night. New, neighborhood restaurant that busy 2 weeks into business? AWESOME! 
If I could give 3.5 stars I would, but I'll round up to 4. Our server was very nice and friendly. We started with a round of drinks (lots of selections, and all wines are under $10 a glass and $30 a bottle). We had the steak tartare as an appetizer. The flavor was very good, but we found the steak to be too coarsely chopped for our liking. I was glad it wasn't like pureed cat food, but it was a bit too...chunky. But still refreshing and tasty. The salad was okay...the dressing was quite yummy, but I wish it had been mixed into the greens rather than drizzled on top. 
Our main course took a really long time, and after a while our server game over and told us he had been "instructed" to give us a round of drinks on the house. Great customer service! Our main courses included the strip steak, 2 steak maisons, and filet mignon. Three of us ordered medium rare, one medium plus. Unfortunately, only one steak came out medium rare. My steak mason, which was sliced up (so the color was obviously visible in the kitchen) was definitely medium well. Great flavor on the steak, but it was overcooked (for my liking) and tough (our server said it would be really tender...it definitely wasn't). The fries were delicious, as was the signature sauce. The cheesy garlic bread was really yummy, but SUPER buttery (and therefore gross to pull apart with our fingers). I wish they'd fully slice it up. The brussel sprouts were excellent. Bananas foster bread pudding for dessert had great potential, but it was cold in places and the bread pudding itself was extremely overcooked. The sauce and bananas were tasty, but the bread pudding itself was no good. 
We were there for about 3.5 hours (about 30 minutes at the end when we were just chatting) so it definitely wasn't a quick meal. I don't recommend going if you're in a rush. I think their comparison to Ruth's Chris quality is a bit of a stretch...but their prices are much better than Ruth's Chris, too. I guess I'm bummed because for a restaurant that focuses on steak, our steaks were the most disappointing part of the meal. But check it out for yourself...really intimate environment, good service, and great prices.I have returned to The Strip Joint several times for drinks. They have a great bar and offer a decent wine list and specialty cocktails, which I believe the area is lacking. As a non-beer-drinker, I am often disappointed when I go to the bars in our area. Their happy hour is excellent, especially if you like Moscow Mules! A friend and I also got their flatbread special, which was FANTASTIC. This is definitely my cocktail/appetizer spot in our neighborhood. I can't wait until the weather warms up and I can enjoy their outdoor seating!LOVED the atmosphere, reasonable pricing, customer service and music. 
I started the night off with a Gooseberry infused beverage called "Pin Up Girl" mixed with lime juice and homemade Ginger Beer. I'm extremely picky about my beverages, but this one hit the spot. It was not overpowering with alcohol and just the right amount of sweetness. The edibles of the night were Mussels (seasoned perfectly, sautéed in beer with bacon) paired with flatbread Grilled New York Strip Steak (charred perfectly) with Bacon Bleu Cheese that came with Frites/House salad, Macaroni Gratin and Creamed Spinach and Kale (needed salt). 
Our server Owen was AWESOME. He was aware, prompt, upbeat, knowledgeable on the menu and engaging. Also, the menu was not vast, but not overwhelming...just the right amount of choice's. 
I will definitely return.I was pleasantly surprised by my brunch experience at The Strip Joint. Cheeky name for a steak restaurant, by the way. I like it. That said, I really hate that they took it a step further and labeled the menu with sections called "something wet" and "happy endings" - ick. 
Now that I got that out of the way; four dollar bloody marys and mimosas! That's pretty sweet. For a deal like that I didn't bat an eye at my $16 brunch selection, which ended up being totally worth the price tag. The crab cake benedict is served over a risotto cake and has a large serving of breakfast potatoes. The sriracha hollandaise, which I requested on the side, was absolutely delish. My fiancé didn't seem blown away by his peppers and eggs sandwich, but the bacon on the side was pretty great. It was thick cut and perfectly cooked. 
Our server was nice and helpful. The bloody marys were very tasty. I'd go back for brunch again sometime.