So glad I found this place.
Their chicken quesadilla is my favorite thing on the menu. It's always fresh. It's perfect for lunch because it doesn't leave you feeling overly full.
It has a strong sports bar type of feel whenever a home team is playing, so if you're not into that, just skip it on nights when there's games playing.This place is funky and fun! Awesome Northeast Philly gem :) Love the food. Very accommodating for large parties! They also offer Sunday brunch that I would highly recommend, they have a lot of those things on the menu you would see on Food Network and wonder...where can I get fried chicken wrapped in pancakes? Three Monkeys Cafe!I absolutely love the themed decor, the drinks, coconut margarita to be exact and the customer service. Honestly, I've had better food. Perhaps it was just the dish I tried but I'm willing to return and explore different options. Overall enjoyable experience.I went to Three Monkeys with my family for a quick dinner. I was not disappointed. We all went simple with burgers. I got the Sunny in Philly and was very happy with it. Drinks could have been a bit stronger, but were still good. Only thing I didn't care for was the noise. We were seated in the dining area, but it still seemed that we had to yell to be heard over the crowd.What can I say.... if you have not been here I am sorry for you. Wonderful burgers and outside seating. The staff is very friendly and will help with menu choices. There is an up charge for salad instead of their homemade chips, with burgers but that is fine. They make a steak sandwich with crab that is awesome. If not on the menu just ask for it. My husband hates eating out but always says yes to coming here.Always amazing food. Love the black and blue burger and Buffalo potato chimps ;). They have obviously been working on the service because it has gotten much better. Apps came out quickly and entrées were timely. One of the best experiences here so far. Thanks for your continued improvement.Their fries are excellent as they do not peel them and they are perfectly seasoned. I also ordered their calamari, which was too sweet for my taste. They have an excellent selection of beer such as the watermelon one and the father's rooter, but I found their cocktails to be too sweet for me. It was still an excellent experience all around as the ambience at Three Monkey's Cafe is very nice, the staff is friendly and professional and I also love the fact that they are such interesting art all over the place, including Salvador Dali prints.One of the best bars/restaurants in the NE. The outside in the summer is very chill and a wonderful place to have brunch. Phenomenal menuThe two stars are for the environment,food  lacked some serious seasoning, our waitress Claudia (which I had to ask someone because she didn't introduce herself) was miserable, either I got my beer with a glass or just an orange shoved in it or just a bottle of beer, the bartender was super sweet though!!!!Good outdoor place, but extremely crowded on weekend nights. Good food and service....just the hostesses could be more courteous.My fiancé & I just left this place. We were there for their happy hour & everything was going great as usual until a guy interrupted us mid-meal to tell my fiancé that he had to turn the brim of his hat forward. According to him, it is an "old school rule" to wear your hat with the brim facing forward. He also went on to say that Three Monkeys is a restaurant & called my fiancé rude for wearing his hat the way he did. If this was a so called "house rule" why aren't there any signs? & why hadn't anyone told him the past times we have been here? If it is a "rule" why didn't our server or hostess enforce it when we first walked in? This place is a joke & we will NEVER be back again. Btw-don't bother ordering the monkey bread. It sucks.Excellent food, especially the burgers! Wonderful service. Folks around me seemed to enjoy the various drinks the bar produced. Outdoor seating is also a nice treat.I've been coming here for years and have slowly watched the service and food decline. Today was the icing on the cake. Went to go eat around 3pm (not a crowded time for this restaurant), we ordered appetizers and watched as the other tables received their food. We asked our waitress what was going on and she said she would check with the kitchen. At least 15 minutes later our entrees arrive, without any mention of our missing appetizers. The waitress was extremely apologetic (I'm not blaming her at all), this was blatantly the kitchen's fault. As I ate my wimpy flavorless salad, I saw another table receive their appetizer and literally 2 minutes later their entrees came out - so definitely a kitchen problem. I'm glad I've finally used up all of my gift cards, because I won't be back.Always a great time food is prepared with love and interesting. Beer choice off the hook and always good service awesome atmosphere.Been here about a dozen time now, foods been constantly delish.  Faves are the Reuben, the It's always sunny burger.  They have an interesting brunch menu as well.  Beer is cold, with a decent selection.I will NEVER go back to this restaurant.  There are some pros, however; cons greatly outweigh them.  Too many other good restaurants in the area to suffer through this place.
Rolls and Fries are the two PROS.
Main issue was the GM and wait staff.  VERY rude!! 
Ordered a cocktail which tasted bitter and sour (not a good sour like a lime drink) but rancid.  I politely mentioned to my waitress that the drink tasted funny and ordered another cocktail.  This is when the problem began.  She reacted somewhat rudely.  Eventually she brought my other drink and we finished our meal.  When the bill came, we were charged for the rancid cocktail...my husband questioned the waitress politely and again she was extremely standoffish!  Finally GM made his way to the table to explain to us that "they have a policy in which drinks more that 10 dollars must be paid for unless they are made wrong"  Sorry! Three Monkey's never heard of this type of policy?!?!  Honestly, wasn't trying to rip the bar off or get anything discounted.  I don't think my request to not pay for a rancid drink should have been met with such hostility.  The GM begrudgingly agree to take the drink off the check, at which point I mentioned the way the waitress had acted.  HE COULDN'T HAVE CARED LESS, told me that he could "see why" the waitress acted that way.  Basically, acknowledged the waitress was rude and that he too condoned it. Clearly, this place does not care to make certain guests are treated well.I really enjoy my overall experience at this restaurant. The outside eating area is so charming on nice nights with its bathtub planter and outdoor bar. The menu is full of little gems like the chicken mac & cheese along with good old-fashioned items like burgers. 
When it gets really busy there can be a bit of a wait and parking can be difficult on a Friday or Saturday night but, in my opinion, the wait is worth it.This is a great place to grab weekday breakfast as well as other meals,  but the big draw is breakfsst because bar is open at 7 in the morning.   Very friendly service as well.   Their beer selection of drafts as well as bottles is sure to please the most discerning of palates. 
Check out their specials as well,  you won't be disappointed.   Also,  the mighty joe young makes the heart attack almost worth it.Recently had my engagement party here on a busy Friday night. I gave the manager Dottie very short notice but she assured me not to worry they would take care of everything, and that was exactly what happened. We were fortunate enough to have a warm night so they gave us outside seating. Everything was outstanding. From our server Claudia to the Bartenders Matt and Houl, the service was undeniably excellent including the bar-back Frankie who was ever so kind in setting up our entire party with glasses for a champagne toast. We had a party of 20 and never had to wait for anything. Our entire party was utterly impressed with the entire staff. If you're ever looking for excellent service and good food I highly recommend this place. Thank you to all of them for making our special night even better-- Bill and CollI am consistently disappointed with everything about this place. Ever since they changed chefs it has been nothing short of a nightmare. The service is always terrible. Every time I go someone's order is wrong. The women that work there have an attitude problem. They wear their hair down and they talk to you like your standing on a street corner. The menu is overpriced for the quality of food!! I hate that it's such a popular neighborhood spot because it's never a good dining experience. The only time I will return is to see Jimmy Burke bartend!! Other than that this place has officially lost my business!!The reason I keep going back to the Three Monkeys is the outdoor bar area -- it is absolutely adorable and has a great atmosphere! It's a perfect place to enjoy a nice summer night with friends and have some drinks. Once when I went for lunch, half of the tables were reserved for a fundraiser. It's great for an event like that too.  5 stars for the outdoor bar :)
As much as I like this place, the food is just average. I've been here a bunch of times for lunch and dinner and have had probably every wrap and sandwich on the menu. They've all been just ok -- edible but nothing spectacular. I do like their crab dip and hummus appetizers. The dining room and indoor bar are nothing special and it's a little dark in there. I would choose to sit outside every time. They do have a pretty good beer selection and the cocktails are good (and only $3 on Mondays!)I seem to do a lot of 5 star reviews but I believe it's because I travel half of North America and I use Yelp constantly. 
Wings and beer and a sandwich are by no means gourmet but 3 Monkeys is the place
Nice outside seating on a cool August night certainly helps. I had Grilled Wings, hot as an appetizer and the Italian Roast Pork sandwich and some Miller Lite drafts. 
Grilled wings are usually good, these were great.  The Italian Roast Pork sandwich is one of my favorites from the Farmers Market in Center City Philadelphia.  The one here was better. 
Come here and enjoy some great food and a great atmosphere.First with the pros: The decor is awesome. You feel like you've wound up in late 19th century Paris, complete with gold trimming and monkey paintings on the walls. They also have a really cute outside bar that's tropical themed, and though different still fits the primate motif. Their food is decent, if over priced at times, but of everythigng I tried I only disliked one thing. (That was the peanut butter pie, in which the chocolate tasted a little off). I should also point out they have a delcious drink there called a Monkey Cola which is banana and chocolate liquor in coke. After the people in my group tried mine they all had to get their own. 
Now the cons: For such a pricey place, the wait staff is a little rude. Sometimes I felt as if we were being intentionally avoided. We had to wander around to get our own silverware. I got this passive agressive vibe from just about all of their staff as well. Also, their selection of beer is not too wide, with only a few craft brew selections. i was a little disappointed in that regard. 
Overall, I'd probably try them again, though only if I'm willing to drop some big bucks for a large dinner. It's a little expensive for a weekly treat.Great all-around spot! Had lunch here with co-workers a few weeks ago, and everyone enjoyed the food. Came back for weekend brunch with my daughter, and was again impressed. Some innovative things on the menu, plus some old standbys-perfect!
Try the bacon, egg & cheese egg roll with sriracha ketchup for a breakfast app-outstanding!
We also had the Rise & Shine- egg whites, turkey bacon, greens, cheese & sriracha mayo on a croissant. Arrived with really good red-skinned home fries. Nice & spicy Bloody Mary capped it off. Nice, quirky decor with an outdoor seating area too. Can't wait to come back!What a cute, quirky little restaurant. They have great old copper ceilings and chandeliers. The walls are filled with old paintings in opulent frames. The food was ok. The Calamari wasn't my favorite and I was dissapointed because a friend had highly recommended it. It was fried very crispy  and then drowned in a sauce which made it very soggy. It was almost like a soup. I had a hamburger for dinner which was great. But what was perplexing to me was that you had to pay extra money to have lettuce, tomato and onion on it. These are usually standard items that come on a hamburger!  My friend had the Filet Mignon with mashed potatoes. It was cooked well and was quite delicious. All in all a good time was had by all. I would return.Took my aunt and uncle for lunch during the week.  wanted someplace that would be more of "an experience" and this sounded great.  The menu was really good and a lot to choose from.  Had the Kobe burger - done perfectly.  Aunt and Uncle had Chicken salad sliders.  Perfect size for lunch.  Service was great and the waitress on point.  Only thing that IS bad, if you go during the week - the parking is all Torresdale train commuters and there is ZERO parking close to the restaurant.  All lots were full and what street parking there was was taken.  Plan on parking a couple of blocks awayThis place was a total surprise. Don't be intimated by the amount of people hanging at the bar. 
Went on a Sunday and to my surprise they were serving brunch. Great menu with many different twists on breakfast food. Even had scrapple, which you normally don't see .
It was crowded but we were promptly sitted and the noticed and outside covered area. So, plenty of tables. Was winter and maybe in season are able to open the area up to fresh air.
Give it a try for Sunday brunch!I used to love this place.  It was a great place to go have some dinks and dinner, but prices are sky high.  Tonight I purcased the mediterain salad with grilled shrimp and was very disappointed.  The shrimp were not grilled but boiled.  The salad had red peppers and black olives from a can.  For a salad costing $16.99 I expect to get fresh peppers and better olives.  The atmosphere is great but the food is starting to go down hill.Had a wonderful time here with friends out on the patio for dinner. We started off with drinks while waiting for a table and they had a great selection of beers and martinis. We ended up having to wait about 45 minutes for a patio table on a Sunday night (but it was a beautiful night) which struck me as a bit long for a NE Philly restaurant, but I guess it's popular.
Foods started with chicken nachos which were ok - too many olives and nobody at our table really liked olives... I got the BBQ Cheddar burger (would have gotten the crab ravioli but they said I only for 5-6 medium sized ravioli and I was Hungry!) Everyone else loved what they got (tuna steak, burgers). We ended the meal with monkey bread which was ok (our homemade was better). What I did really like were their drinks/martinis.
I would definitely come back for a nice summer night's dinner.Second time here, I really like it. Food is tasty and fresh. Some of the items are a little different, and fun. It's super relaxed, and they serve Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's in the morning!!
Hostess could be a bit more inviting. She didn't welcome us, instead she looked at us as if she was saying, "MAY I help you?". No greeting to invite us to restaurant.This place is consistently great to go and get dinner or drinks with friends. Drinks are a little bit on the pricier and weaker side, but still good. Get the monkey punch.Great service. Great food. We were a party of 10 and everything came out perfect. Drinks kept coming. 
Would definately come back.I came here with my girlfriend and another couple and it was good, a little bit pricey they other places that I have been, but all in all I really enjoyed the food. They have a nice selection for those who enjoy beer, and also an extensive wine and martini list. We all started off with the Crab-Ocado dip which was awesome and the Garlic Bread pretzels were the icing on the cake! My girlfriend had the Chef Beth's Signature Lobster Mac & Cheese, she really enjoyed it and even offered me a bite, very creamy and rich, highly recommended if your a mac and cheese fan. I ordered the Sunny in Philadelphia burger which was great! Nice patty, cheese, bacon, and a sunny side up egg! Great burger! I will definitely come back and try some more food and get dessert next time, I really want to try there monkey bread!I've been here many times and have always enjoyed it! Three Monkeys is my go to place in the northeast because I know I can get good food,  local beer and also bring the kiddos! All super important in my book.Three Monkeys is so hit or miss for me.
I've come here several times for lunch and had an awesome experience. The food was perfect and service was excellent. The last few times, not so much.
I've noticed that service at the bar is about 100 times better than service at the tables. The last few times I sat at a table I felt very ignored by our server, waiting far too long for silly things like extra napkins or ketchup. 
Even the food is inconsistent. For example, usually 3M has really excellent burgers that are usually cooked perfectly, but the last time I was here my husband's burger was way overcooked and very sloppily put together. Also, the roast pork sandwich that I've had on several occasions has been very dry and underseasoned the last few times I've had it.
I can say that the grilled cedar plank wings are consistently awesome. I always get an order of those when I go. The rest of the food, however, seems to have gone downhill over the last year or two. Hopefully they can reconnect with the quality of food they used to put out and get back to the Three Monkeys I know and love.This was my first time at Three Monkeys Cafe. It was very crowded so I was glad I was able to make a reservation # 1, and # 2 my group was seated promptly.  It was very loud so dinner conversation was hard to hear.  We ordered drinks and they arrived quickly.  For an appetizer we had the cheesesteak eggrolls which were good and the wings, also good.  The three of us enjoyed our entrees very much.  I highly recommend the crab pot a la creme (I think that's what is was called) it was on the specials menu.  Absolutely delicious.  Also on the specials menu was avocado crab cakes that my friend loved and the other entree was a balsamic chicken dish that my other friend said was great and such a huge portion that she took home leftovers.  Our waitress was great. Overall a good experience so I think we will be coming back again soon and maybe take advantage of the outdoor seating as the weather gets better.Very awesome I've to just sit outside and Drink all night. The staff is friendly and have a sense of humor while accommodating. Always have fun when I go!Great spot for a quick bite. Atmosphere is very relaxed as expected. The food is not typical bar food and they definitely have a community feel. We always have a good experience dining here.Three Monkeys Cafe is a spot around the corner from me that I've been meaning to visit but never actually got around to checking out until my cousin asked me to join him there. I joined him for drink in the outdoor area. The outdoor area had plenty of seating and there was a nice tile mosaic on the wall by the bar. With a few craft beers to go along with the usual beer it was a very nice place to drink on that summer night.
A few weeks later I came back to have lunch with a girlfriend. The inside is nicely decorated with pictures of monkey and other animals. The bar inside looked great but we took a seat at one of the fine wooden tables. The menu was a nice combination of bar food and entrees along with a wine selection and a couple of house mixed drinks. We ordered burgers and they were absolutely delicious and the fries that came with them were thin and seasoned, not the generic square cut crap. There were some problems with the waitress not understanding what ordered and the price of the burgers was a little high. 
Both of my experiences at Three Monkeys left a good impression on me. Not many places in the area are as nice. The place draws a good crowd despite being tucked away in between some houses and right across the street from a train station. The place is a little small though. Definitely the best place to drink outside on a hot night.Nice place to get a bite. Casual dining. Great drinks. A little on the more pricier side but who cares when someone takes you out to eat right? Wicked brunch menu!  Can eat indoors or out. Will go back again if Im in the area.This place almost got 3 stars, but got 4 for having Southern Tier Pumpkin on tap, as well as Camel tacos. That's right - camel. It's like a cross between lamb and venison. If you don't like game meat, stay away. I can cross Camel off of the list of critters I've consumed.  Otherwise, great bar. Not much variety on tap, but plenty of bottles. Good for the beer snobs and the Pabst crowd.Not only is the name great but so is the place!! It is such a unique restaurant. I have only sat in the restaurant so I can't say anything about the bar (but it looked nice). I'm dying to sit out on the patio but it was pouring rain when I last went. The food might be a little pricey but its well worth it. 
Trust me, you'll fall in love as soon as you enter the place.Had a semi bad experience but I decided to delete because the owners and managers, and special personnel Gavin took care of the situation. Great communication and response, Thank you very much!I stopped in here for brunch this past Saturday.
Pros: Lively atmosphere and a nice outdoor area which would be great on a summer night.  The menu items sound really good and makes it difficult to choose from. 
I love the vintage decor it makes you feel like you stepped back in time.  
Service was good.  My party of two was seated as soon as we walked in.  The waiter was attentive and friendly.
Cons: Food was meh.  They have interesting selection, but everything is a tad overpriced for the quality.  I ordered the green eggs and ham which is basically an omelet stuffed with .  The avocado wasn't ripe enough and was hard.  The omelet itself was over cooked and a bit rubbery.  The potatoes were also very over cooked as well.  
I would visit again to give them a second chance.  To be continued...Went here to meet friends as it is relatively close to all of us and, it being here for a while, I've never been there, so it was nice to check it out. Boy did I make a mistake.
We had a rather large party for a Friday night, 8 people, but a server said she could seat us. She sat us at a 6 top, with 6 chairs and told us we could grab other chairs if we saw them, so we did just that. We ordered drinks, which our server (not trying to be mean, but she was THAT BAD) took in waves, because apparently taking 8 drink orders at once was too lage a feat. We received our drinks about 20 minutes later, our beers were cold and cocktails properly mixed, so there's a plus.
The beer list was better than an Applebee's, not quite underwhelming, and not overwhelming. They had a few choice beers on tap and by bottle.
The food was okay. Tasty basic bar food but somewhat bland and unoriginal. It seems they attempt to make something good but to keep prices down they use cheap ingredients, resulting in a shoddy product. I could tell my fries were once in a freezer, accompanied by our french fries, tortilla wrap, and crab cake. 
The prices were on the mark for what the establishment was trying to be, no complaints here.
After eating my friends and I decide to venture out to their patio/tent as we were getting tired of the service and wanted to stand. The patio smelled like vomit. We ordered drinks waitiing for it to pass. The bartender was a guy who seemed to have been a big shot in his high school days and thought being a bartender at a mediocre establishment would restore some of that feeling. He seemed like he was doing me a favor by me paying him for services rendered. After a tasty Dogfish Head I noticed they had Summer Ale on tap, which I always enjoy but upon tasting it noticed it tasted like Sam Adams Summer Ale and some other beer; they don't clean their lines properly, or else a beer that's just rolling out now is already turning.
I give this place 2 stars instead of one because the decor was entertaining, the place seemed clean (besides that smell), and it's in a decent location, though I won't be returning any time soon.I might have to try again just to give a fair review, but I have gone twice in the past. I know that these are the same people who run Dog and Bull, which I love! It's all about the people in some cases. However, the food here was eh, while Dog and Bull's food is great. Guess it's the chef as well (who would have thought?)
First time I've gone in there, I was trying to chat with the fellow behind the bar. I wanted to make sure of what I thought about Three Monkeys being under the same ownership as Dog and Bull. I got the feeling that he did not want to talk at all and gave me a little bit of an attitude. My boyfriend and I accepted the menus he gave us because we were curious of the food options, but we were just coming through for some beers. Once I told the bartender this, he really just did not want to talk anymore. I thought being honest was okay, but seems like he was not happy about this. Also, I thought it to be very strange that once my boyfriend finished his beer, that he was asked if he would like another one, but not me. I initially did want another one, but after that, I wasn't going to waste my money.
The second time I went, it was okay. Mediocre service. Gross crab fondue. Wayyyyy too cheesy or something. It did not taste like crab and actually hurt my stomach. Also, $14 for an appetizer is way overpriced. The wings were actually pretty good, though. You get to choose between grilled and fried. I decided on grilled since that's something you don't see everyday and I wasn't disappointed with them! However, about $50 dollars later for just 2 appetizers and 2 beers each, my boyfriend and I determined that there are better places to go spend your money. The atmosphere is beautiful, but the prices, crab fondue (I am an avid crab-lover), and customer service left a bad taste in my mouth.This place has good food but my primary reason for going there is the bar. I was recently there and ordered shots that anywhere else are very strong and I felt like this shot was more water than liquor. It had no bite to it like it usually does and I was pretty disappointed. They have a pretty good beer selection and good food but when I get a rough shot and it goes down so easy I know there's something wrong...We will be relocating to the northeast Philly/Bucks County area in a few months - long story.  Anyway being a foodie I have been searching for a good breakfast place in my soon to be new neighborhood - this is not the place.  Went for breakfast Saturday morning.  My omelet was overcooked and the filling tasteless.  My husband had the roast pork sandwich - also tasteless.  It also came on a sesame roll, and that might be good to note on the menu as some people have food allergies.  Our waitress seemed to want to be there less than we did and disappeared for prolong periods.   They have a wonderful outside dining area, but unfortunately they have no dining to accompany it.  Maybe a good place for some wings and a beer and being as that is not our thing doubt we will be back.  Think we will definitely be making at least monthly trips to the old hood for breakfast, etcTerrible crab cakes that are not hot with a giant portion of luke warm mashed potatoes.  OMG, like large stuffing cakes with stringy crab meat, I think crab meat. Who knows, they had no discernable crab meat or taste. Stick to drinking here. Anyone can do cheesesteak egg rolls, have that with your booze. Not known for decent food, especially for the prices (crab cakes were $26) but I keep wanting this place to be good for dinner. I think I finally learned my lesson!Food was pretty good here. Heard their brunch was really good, but breakfast was discontinued when I went, not sure if it still is. Outside seating is really nice and quaint.Very good food, nice spot to get a bite to eat and hang out with friends. They have a nice outside section were you can enjoy some nice weather with a cold beverage and some good eats!Brunch , green eggs & ham was delicious! One of the best breakfast dishes I've had. The aioli really adds a unique yummy flavor .Food was good, but took longer than expected for a not so busy Friday night, especially since the appetizers ordered were calamari, a Caesar salad, and wings. Also, our waitress was not super attentive during our visit.I had to kill time before getting to Trenton to pick my car up so stopped beer which is in eyesight of the station and I'm reviewing live on site - so far the bartender, yet busy, quickly put in my drink order(And from the brewery that does lionhead- let me tell you their *cough*real*cough* beers are delicious. The pumpkin's great.) 
They've got both an inside and outside bar and what looks like a lovely patio area. I decided to sit indoors as even the slightest chill bothers me. 
Servers seem friendly but bored. May just be because the bunch Crowd is gone. 
Most important part of course, for the craft beer lovers, draft list is minimal but good enough. They have a specialized house brew by stoudts (a classic, malty ESB) on tap. As well as the basics and a seasonal and a wheatbeer option. The bottle list is huge though! A lot that I've had but enough that I haven't had that I was impressed, which is enough to bookmark the place in my book. 
On to food; i've ordered one of their specials - the miso bowl. Something you wouldn't expect from a tavern but everything else I see people eating looks great so I'm not worried. They must have a fantastic chef in the back to come up with these.  Just saw an order of buffalo chips get passed to a patron, those look delicious. Not to mention the incredible Colorful cocktails I keep seeing poured. 
Patrons that came in after me have already gotten their wings but those are much easier to make than my dish so I'm not bothered. Five minutes later, Just got my cutlery . That's a good sign they haven't forgot! Haven't finished my first beer either and I'm in no rush. I mean, i ordered a MEAL, not pub fare, sitting at the bar. Can't complain. Someone from the kitchen updated me on the status of it, and it shouldn't be much longer. I really appreciate them letting me know. 
And she was right! Came out as I ordered my second beer. (Johnny rails pumpkin --- way better than the other. So roasty and malty. Might need to find a six pack.)
Food is out and it's amazing. I'm not a huge fan of pork but the pork belly in this is so smooth and edible. The broth is definitely thicker then an actual miso but still great. Not authentic but a good Americanized style 
My biggest problem now is there's not another train for an hour! Guess I'll get another drink.I first heard about Three Monkeys when a friend bought me a gift card for my birthday two years ago.  I went in for appetizers and drinks and thoroughly enjoyed sitting outside on a beautiful spring afternoon.  I have been back several times since then and have had a range of experiences from so-so to outstanding.  
A friend and I decided to head over for happy hour and dinner on Friday night.... the bar area and outside seating area were crowded but there were plenty of seats in the dining room.  It looks completely out of place but it works.  After sitting down and perusing the drink menu, I noticed they had my favorite wine by the bottle (not many places do - the only other restaurant I have seen it is the Capitol Grill) and although they were out of it, our server made a recommendation that I enjoyed almost as much.  My friend had the crab and spinach quesadilla and I had a turkey burger with smoked gouda and crispy prosciutto....WOW.  Because I had such a great meal, I figured I would take my boyfriend (who is from out of town) the next night.  
After looking at the menu and reading some reviews on Yelp (may have been a mistake....lol) we decided to head over.  So many people recommended the wasabi crab cakes I decided to go for them; my boyfriend had the angus cheddar burger.  The crab cakes came out lukewarm in the middle and the vegetables were so mushy I think they could have been jarred and sold as baby food.  Also, the "mixed veggies" were all green - snow peas, zucchini, green beans, etc....not much of a mix at all.  The highlight of our meal was the loaded french fries we had as an appetizer.  
Even though my meal was sub-par, I will go back.  I like the atmosphere of the bar and the outside seating area, the servers and bartenders are always friendly, and they have a good selection of drinks.  If you are looking for a gourmet meal, you're probably out of luck.  Stick with the pub food - it seems to be what the kitchen screws up the least.Great burgers. Average beer selection. Great setting options with the formal dining room, traditional bar, or outside monkey bar. They have my favorite burgers around and I enjoy all of their apps.Good food that's not the typical old bar crap, attentive service, nice beer selection, and the decor is warm and trendy.  Not to mention they have an adorable outside area that I'm sure will be a lot of fun in the summer!  I always go there when I want to have an intimate time with a few friends or to do the couples thing.  Don't bother going there if you're single or looking for a crazzzy time b/c you might be dissapointed.  Nevertheless, it's a truly chill spot.Three stars may b a little generous...food is hit or miss but the place has a cool atmosphereHorrible, horrible place. Never had such bad service in my life! Came here with friends for Sunday brunch. Took 10 mins to be asked what to drink, 20 mins to order our food. 40 mins total for our food to come out which wasn't anything to brag about. Our waitress never checked on us or asked if we needed anything. We had to ask other servers for condiments, refills and our bill. Unexceptional. Our table just didnt matter. I looked around and noticed everyone else was being served at a normal rate, being checked on etc. After leaving our waitress said thank you, but never any apologies for the slow horrible service. My husband said as he looked back he heard her say "stupid chinks". Well if that's the case this place will never see my business again and that just explains why we were waited on so poorly. Poor food poor service, do not come. Customer service doesnt matter here obviously and the managers do not care. Oh and parking sucks!Had my bridal shower here and appetizers were all really yummy. Returned with a friend and we ordered tons of appetizers again and they were all pretty delish. From guacamole to nachos and French onion soup...I was super satisfied. It was really hard to decide what we wanted. So many yummy options.Ambiance of the outside seating is awesome. Pork spring rolls with horseradish sauce was also excellent. Pretty good beer selection. Wish they had more on tap.Great atmosphere! The outdoor patio is as cool as it gets. Kids loved it as well. Food was above average.The food is very good and they have lots of gluten free options. I've bee here a few times and it is always pretty good. Had HORRIBLE service tonight though.. Melissa is soooooo slow omg. My life for a water...and I JUST WANT TO PAY MY BILL!A great local bar with above average food.  The Mighty Joe Young (MJY) burger will fill even the greatest hunger, but don't worry you can get it with a salad instead of fries if you want to stay healthy.  There is also a great variety of other food options and daily specials worth checking out.  The outdoor seating is great for spring and fall days.
If you're like me, every now and then you need to take your lunch break outside - Three Monkeys Cafe fits the bill perfectly!  Parking can be a bit annoying, but there always is the SEPTA lot across the street ($1/day).The best brunch menu in all of Northeast Philly as far as I'm concerned. They have a great menu all times of the day though. Beer list is always fun every time I go, and the outside seating area is so relaxing. I can't recommend it enough if you're working through a hangover.Great food, great beer, great service! They have different areas so you can either sit in a dining room and eat or drink on the patio. The truffle fries are amazing.Great atmosphere the outside section is awesome! Cheesesteak egg rolls are my go to appetizer. The only negative I would say is that it is a little expensive but I still definitely suggest!I have been here several times and it is consistently...inconsistent. Service is often slow. Last night our server couldn't have been nicer but the entree was awful and not served as advertised. It was supposed to be hot sausage in a pesto alfredo sauce with pasta. it was a very thick white alfredo sauce with no sign of pesto and the sausage wasn't hot. After complaining (which I hate to do) it was returned to me with a little pesto and crushed red pepper mixed in. Next time, I will stick with a sandwich and some snacks. The cedar plank wings and cheesesteak were very good. Although soggy, the fries were tasty.
Nice vibe and nice waitress but stick with the bar food please.I love Three Monkeys brunch! It's the perfect start to some day drinking or a great ending for your weekend. Recently they changed their brunch menu and they no longer have the 'blackboard specials' which is pretty disappointing because those were always my favorites. Now it is just a regular brunch menu with a smaller selection of items. On my last visit I had the Chocolate Chipper - one pancake and slice of french toast topped with chocolate chips and bacon syrup. My boyfriend had a burrito with corned beef. We both loved our entrees. The Bloody Mary is great (perfect amount of spice) and they have a nice selection of beers.I think of this place as a good neighborhood bar. 
Usually come here on a day when I don't feel like driving in the  city. It's a proper bar with a good crowd almost all the time. 
Only thing I would change is the outside/covered area, not the bars fault but some serious BO.I have a real love hate relationship with this place. On one hand, I really enjoy going to Three Monkeys because it is much nicer, and has a better crowd than the other bars in the area. I also get along well with the staff, and have never had a problem with the service in all my years of going there. The main issues that I have with this bar are price, and poor quality food.
When I first started going to Three Monkeys I was told about how good the food was. One one of my initial visits I ordered the Mighty Joe Young burger, and it was pretty good, not great, just good. I have had burgers of better quality at The Red Robin, and Five Guys. Having enjoyed my first food experience there, I decided to order something a little more than a burger the next time that I went there. I ordered fettuccine alfredo. It was a Sunday, and the place was completely empty except for  our party of three people, and 2 other guests at the bar. Our food came out in a timely manner, but I have to say that I have never had such an awful pasta dish in my entire life. The pasta was cooked properly, but the sauce was..... not really a sauce at all. It was as if someone put the cooked pasta into a bowl with hot milk. There was no substance to it whatsoever. It had zero flavor, and barely tasted of cheese. At least they threw some dried parsley flakes on there for color? I didn't send the dish back because I am paranoid about people doing stuff to food that gets returned, so I just chalked it up as a loss. It was about 3 years until I ordered food from there again. After chit chatting to the staff, one of them told me that they had actually just hired a new chef who was supposed to be much better than the last person (who one of the staff told me 'just didn't care'). I looked at some of the things on the menu and they seemed kind of exciting. 
The next time I went in I ordered the lobster mac and cheese. It was terrible. The lobster was overcooked, and like rubber to chew. I thought there may be a creamy cheese sauce, and maybe some herbs, and a crust on the top, no. The lobster mac and cheese was in a sauce that was eerily similar to Velveeta (with about a 1/3 of a cup of water added to it). Whoever drained the pasta didn't do a very good job, because there was a lot of water in the sauce, and it diluted what little flavor there was. The water also prevented the sauce from properly adhering to the elbow macaroni. Besides being over-priced, the dish was poorly executed, and haphazardly tossed in a dish. I am never ordering food from here again. 
I get what these people are trying to do. They want to be a hip gastro-pub, with upscale food. They put 'fancy' items like risotto on the menu, but fail miserably at executing them, and on top of that, they have the audacity to charge you as if you were at a fine dining restaurant in the city. If I had a word of advice for the owners of this establishment it would be this. Either put items on your menu that your chef is capable of cooking properly, or scale the food down to a level that he can be successful with. It is better to do an amazing burger, cheese steak, pannini or fried chicken, than it is to do a piss poor lobster thermador. I would rather have simple food cooked properly, that extravagant food, and extravagant costs poorly prepared, seasoned, and presented. 
Now that I am done talking about the food, I will move on to the drinks. Maybe they are trying to keep the riff raff out of the bar by charging more than any other bar in the area for drinks, but $4 for a bottle of Yuengling, or a bottle of Miller is a bit much. That would be bad enough on its own, but they also never have any drink specials. I am sure they are making a lot of money just based on the fact that Three Monkeys is a 'safe' bar, with pretty decorations that you can bring a female to, and that is great! But at the same time, they really shouldn't be alienating the people in the neighborhood that their business is in. 
Great staff, good drinks, nice decor, clean, awesome patio area. That place could be really special if they just fixed those 2 things.Just got back from Three Monkeys. Decor is AWESOME! It's one of the oldest places I've ever eaten at. We both had burgers, and they were really good. My only real complains are: 
The water tastes like it came from a garden hose. Very metallic tasting. 
Two pretzel "sticks" for $5 is a little steep. 
If you're on the fence, you should go here. It's really a fun place to eat.Asked a server where the bathroom was to change my baby boy. With a attitude she told me they only have private bathrooms and none with changing tables, and that they never had them to begin with.  Good food thou.After reading the review by Kelly S., tonight was the first time I went to Three Monkeys Cafe. Okay, I am so accustomed to seating myself at the bar and walking right past the hostess (I think I owe the hostess an apology).
Tonight was also Monday night (the weather was crappy though), they had what Kelly S. called 3M Monday. It seems that chocolate martini was very popular to be ordered by those seated at the bar.
The first thing I was happy to see was they had Stella Artois draft. They have your usual assortment of beer on tap (Guinness, Yuengling, Miller Lite, Peroni), probably as well as bottled (Miller Lite, Budweiser, Heineken Light, Corona Light, etc..). They also had Blue Moon (a Belgium beer) on tap. There was also something called HoeGaarden on tap, absolutely no idea what that is. I might have missed one or two, but the one that caught my curiosity was "Horny Monkey Ale", it was a dark ale. If you are a fan of ale, my suggestion is to give "Horny Monkey Ale" a try. I thought the "Horny Monkey Ale" was smooth.
Prior to tonight, I did visit the website. Tonight I tried the wasabi crab cake. It was definitely crab cake with a twist (it was crab meat with wasabi on the inside, the outside was deep fried). An order of wasabi crab cake came with 2 pieces. Nonetheless, it was delicious.
Tonight I sat at the bar, I had a couple of pints of Stella. I thought the bartender (Erin) was friendly and outgoing with her customers.
I thought the crowd was friendly too.
They do have live acoustic music on Saturday and Sunday (from 2pm thru 6pm) from reading one of the smaller blackboards hanging near the end of the bar. I would love to be here on a nice weekend.
I will definitely be back here. As already mentioned "This place really is a hidden gem in the far Northeast". It's directly across the street from the SEPTA R7 Torresdale station. The nearby SEPTA bus routes are 19 and 84. There is parking across the street at the PPA (Philadelphia Parking Authority) lot.
About the decor, you are surrounded by monkeys! Not to worry, they are not live monkeys. There is one monkey "statue" with a grin that is in a corner holding a blackboard version of notepad with menu.
http://3monkeyscafe.com/images/photos/contruction/IMG_0045.jpg
Overall, I would give this place a 4 stars to 4.5 stars. It's very difficult for me to give any place a 5 stars.
Many thanks to fellow yelper Kelly S. :-)
Update: August 23, 2007, I was happy with the staff behind the bar (Jackie, Joe), all nice people. I'm glad I had the opportunity to apologize to the hostess from Monday evening. Tonight there were "reps" from Samuel Adams, they presented Sample A and Sample B. If my memory is correct, Sample A was red and smell better. Sample B was darker and went down smoother. I voted for "Sample B" tonight.Love Three Monkeys Cafe. LOVE IT.
Food is good, service is very good, even when they are busy. The first time I went, it was just before St. Patty's day, and the place was packed. Our waitress was fantastic, she really took care of us and let us in on her favorites on the menu, since we'd never been there before. The steamed clams in basil & garlic butter is my favorite. Definitely different than other restaurants.
The fried "Calamonkey" and the Monkey Surf n Turf are both very good as well.
There are many drink options, lots of beers on tap, and they have Frambois Raspberry Lambic--YUM.
All in all, this is a great place to go to relax. Very comfortable atmosphere and a true gem in the NE.
Will definitely be returning--and soon!!The food is really good. Which I would of gave 4 star. But waiter waited way too long for one beer and a mimosa. $7.50 for an 8 ounce Victory Golden Monkey is outrageous.  Mimosa came in a a small wine glass $6.50.  Foods good but don't drink there.This place is amazing all around. The inside dining and outside dining both are awesome and I had a great experience in both! Servers are always on their toes and refill your drinks without you having to ask. Food is always freshly prepared and their menu alone is fun to read. I get something new every time I go, between the chimps ( homemade chips) wraps, burgers and chicken parmigiana, you can't go wrong! Love this place! Don't forget the monkey bread for desert :)Swung by to have lunch with family after having heard good things. The vibe was pretty good and there was humorous decor everywhere (they really take this monkey thing seriously). There is indoor and outdoor seating and I recommend taking advantage of nice weather whenever you can. 
Had a tasty wrap and the monkey fries. Everyone seemed to enjoy the meal and I'd like to come back and try some other things on the menu.Count me in.......
First visit with 3 buddies. Busy Friday night but only waited 30 min for a table inside.
Décor B+
Noise Level C
Cleanliness B+
Beer Selection B-
Service A+
The food was well prepared and presented in a clean manner. Our server was super attentive. If they added craft beers to the menu I'd upgrade them to 5 stars in a second.
Very good value for what we paid.This is my new favorite spot!  The atmosphere was fun and eclectic, but what I loved most is that the food and drink menu followed the theme.  We showed up for Brunch at around noon Saturday and grabbed a seat at the outside bar.  The beer was cold and the food was delicious.  Try the crab-addict for something savory or the monkey roast if your in the mood for something sweet.   The only reason I give a 4 instead of a 5 is that I started with a sub par mojito, but we will definitely be going back.