This is one of the best Mexican foods I have had. The burritos and tacos are out of this world. Just the sheer burst of flavors at such a reasonable price makes it a gem. I wish they had a loyalty card and I would be here 3 or 4 times a week. MUST TRY.Do the deal, philadelphia! Great simple reasonably priced Mexican food. No frills, happy meals. 2 orders of pork enchiladas, one with green sauce and chotija cheese and pinto, the other with mole, Monterey Jack and black beans, both very tasty and filling. The meat was not over cooked or dry and everything was flavored to please most palates and served with a side of sour cream/guacamole and shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes. Fast free friendly delivery service when you call.I saw Tico's open a week or two ago on South Street and was excited to give it a try. We ordered take-out through GrubHub and our food was ready for pick-up in less than 15 minutes. My Dining Partner and I split a steak burrito bowl and a chicken quesadilla. Both the chicken and steak were flavored to perfection. The burrito bowl did not list beans on the menu, but our bowl had black beans. I ended up eating around them because no me gusta beans. The restaurant itself is casual with red and white checkered tablecloths.  The food was delicious, fresh, and cheap and I look forward to eating here again. Free delivery (minimum order $10) and catering available.Nice cheesey and rice filled buritto ... Not much by way of greens in it but the guacamole is awesome and well worth the splurge.Any place with shrimp tacos is a must try restaurant, the tacos were a solid fours meal. They were not the best tacos ever but they were not the worst either. The portions was more than I could eat in one sitting and I eat a lot, lol. The staff was friendly but the food was not delivered fast. The prices were okay.Went here today for the first time with some peeps and the food was solid. We had steak and chicken enchiladas and the ground beef burrito bowl. All three were legit. Good sized portions, flavorful, and inexpensive. Support this family run establishment (their infant was there and is absurdly cute).Excellent high-quality Mexican food. Very pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was, I was expecting a bit of some quick, cheap, basic Mexican style food, but it's much more than that. No, it's not the modern creative style, but it's exactly what you want if you want great and excellently prepared food. 
Went here for takeout, which I think most people do as the restaurant is usually pretty quiet. Hopefully it starts filling up more!I don't understand these reviews.  This place is not good.  I was served raw chorizo in my burrito.  That alone is a reason to avoid this place.  But besides that, the food is not good.  There is no authentic flavor.  There are plenty of good Mexican places in Philly.  Don't go here.AWESOME! I just ordered delivery from grubhub (which was a mistake because delivery was $2 with a $10 minimum but if you call in your order delivery is free). 
I got the steak burrito bowl and added guacamole to make the minimum of $10.
I ordered at 1:18 and it was delivered by 1:36..amazingly fast delivery especially at lunchtime!
Everything came packaged so nicely, not a sloppy mess like most mexican delivery. Sauces on the side, utensils and plenty of napkins.
I was pleasantly surprised that it came with a side of chips and salsa as the menu didn't mention that. The sour cream also came on the side which I greatly appreciate, sour cream doesn't heat up well for leftovers!
The bowl itself was huge, rice and black beans on the bottom, layered with perfectly seasoned steak (cooked to perfection and not chewy at all), melted cheese, guac, lettuce, pico and a light dusting of shredded cheese.
And to top it off they included two packets of cholula hot sauce (my favorite) and it really made the bowl 100% perfect. 
I will definitely be ordering from here again, reasonably priced, super fast delivery times, delicious and presented beautifully.I love this spot, it is SUCH good food and so affordable! Mini burritos are the best idea ever.This place is located a block from Good Shepherd medical facility. I made and order to be picked up at the establishment. My order was Guacamole and chips with the chicken fajitas. What i liked about Tico's is that they separated everything so my fajitas didn't arrive soggy. Chicken and peppers were in one plate cheese and lettuce and tomatoes separated in another plate. Flavoring is there and so is portion size.Finally, decent Mexican food in Graduate Hospital! The atmosphere is nice and bright, the music is great, and they give you chips and salsa right away!Just ordered delivery for the first time from Tico's. My order is delicious! Ordered Enchiladas with chicken and Mole sauce. Mole sauce is sweet with a little spice, nice white chicken & soft fresh corn tortillas wrap. I am very picky about Guacamole and Tico's did not disappoint! Just the right amount of ingredient ratios. With chunks of avocado which I love. Even the corn chips were good. Seasoned with a lime salt and not too greasy.Friend and I dined in. Cheap, no frills experience. Chips and salsa were served before the meal. These were the deep-fried tortilla chips that are awesome. $10 for a taco platter that included two tacos and a side of Mexican rice and beans (black, pinto, or with chilis). Honestly, there was nothing spectacular about the meat or the way that it was seasoned, but the service and price is on-point. There was Tapatio, Chalula, and red and green El Yucateco Hot Sauce. This alone made it worthwhile.Excellent food, atmosphere, and people. Definitely try the guacamole( it's super fresh and tasty) and the homemade flan is one of the best I've ever had.Found this place through one of the apps and i placed an order and then got notification that they cancelled 20 mins later.  Why put that you deliver if you don't feel like going out of your way. Bad business.It's casually authentic.  Please don't go to bull shit places.  This place is the tits.This was such a cute quaint place with an authentic vibe and a good energy. We tried the burrito special. It was flavorful but I was surprised that there were not more ingredients on it. The burrito consisted of meat, rice, beans and cheese. That was it.  The staff members that helped us were friendly and I wish this establishment well.Excellent chicken fajita! Came quick and hot locally when I called direct. Definitely my new go-to spot for Mexican.Decided to go on a weekday night, moderately full. Nice BYO place that had a spicy salsa with chips. Very quick and friendly service. Great portions and fresh ingredients. Definitely will go back again and possibly do take out next time.I love good Mexican food and some places try to hard, well Ticos Tacos is my place to go, opens late,  food is over the top, and everyone is extremely nice, prices are reasonable, look not further! Make it your fav like I did!Want Mexicali food but the find the flight to California too cumbersome? Look no further: Tico's is the place! Love their food, will definitely recommend the Tinga burrito bowlDelicious! BYOB. I had a chicken burrito. Everything was really good, as was the service. Definitely going back.Ordered the steak and the al pastor (daily special) taco plates and they were both excellent. Service was quick and since this place is still undiscovered, the restaurant was empty at 7 on a weekdayI've stopped in a few times for take out. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is pretty good. I prefer the food at some of the other authentic Mexican spots in South Philly, but can't beat the location and staff here. I'll be back!Recently stumbled across Tico's for a take out night and now I crave it! Great Tex Mex in Philly, I have not dined in but delivery is fast and everything is fresh. I love their fajita bowl, and guac! My new fave spot!I was so excited to try this place after wonderful reviews and because it's close to home.  Boy was I disappointed.
Order was misheard over the phone- fine, I waited while they added my second order of tacos.
Paid 30 bucks for 2 taco plates  (which includes rice and beans) and an order of guacamole and chips... not cheap, but totally reasonable...
Got home and realized that though they charged me for the whole meal, I was only given one order of rice and beans, and while we received the chips we did not get any guacamole.  
Another strike- the tacos came in orders of two, most places charge similar prices and give you three tacos.
The tacos were okay, the one order of rice and beans was not good and the chips were tasteless.  
Overall, I will not be heading back, too many other great places for this style of Mexican food!Great authentic Mexican food amazing. Mexican style tacos are the best. And now they deliver!SO Good! stopped by and had Chicken Tinga Tacos. Very filling, will definitely order from here again.Can't say that I would ever dine-in at this place, but I get take out almost once a week.  The burrito bowls taste great and are enough for 2 meals.  The take out order also includes a small bag of chips and salsa.NO STARS!!!!!! I ordered through the Yelp app. The food never came!!! I called the business to confirm my order and got hung up on. The manager called me back and kept speaking over me and yelling at me, saying they don't deliver to my area. I'm sorry they are having communication issues with the delivery service but that is not my fault. Why do they have a delivery service that provides for the Bella Vista neighborhood then? Plus, I got charged for the food. The WORST service I have ever had in this city!!! STAY AWAY!!!So we ordered from here because of the reviews but it was just ok. Great variety on the menu and lots of veggie options but again, just ok.Stopped by shorty after it opened since we live in the neighborhood and didn't leave a review yet. Great food! So glad there is a Tex-Mex place in town. The pricing is very reasonable. Guac is great. And best of all they have tofu options for many of their dishes - which is a huge plus for vegetarians! This place is also byob if you wanna bring some beer/wine for your meal. Decor is more on the casual side but that's appropriate for a Tex Mex place. Make sure to stop by and support a local business!Excellent 'cheap & cheerful' BYOB.  No ambiance but they deliver on the food quality.  Mexican Nachos and Taco Pastor were excellent.  Service was fast and pleasant.  Highly recommend.I've passed by this place countless times... so glad I finally stopped in. I've then returned twice in the past month or so. 
The complimentary chips are deliciously crispy and taste fresh. 
The chicken tacos (soft corn tortilla inside a crispy taco) served tico style with mayo, cheese, lettuce and pico, is my new favorite thing. The two tacos came with a side of beans and rice, and even though I was full, I immediately started planning the next time I could come back for them :) Extra points for the black and pinto beans both being vegetarian. 
I've also had the chicken burrito that was tasty and huge, but just had too much rice for my taste. Chicken nachos were also good, but likely would've been much better eaten in the restaurant than as carryout to prevent sogginess.
On the list of favorite go to spots. Beyond reasonable pricing too!Instead of ear-piercing corridos or mariachi music, Despacito was on the radio here. I should have taken that as a sign. The menu listed "steak" tacos, "pork" tacos, etc. This should have been fair warning. When ordering, I was asked if I wanted mayonnaise on my tacos.  This also should have sent me running the other way. The "carnitas" was a chopped up porkchop, the "carne asada" was dry and flavorless. If your elementary school ever had taco day, it's possible they ordered from Tico's Tacos. 
As I rounded my second taco, my water sat, completely empty. It's still empty as I write this. 
Despite the taqueria style decor, the constant stream of local people who see to like it here, and my desire to promote south street as a healthy alternative to the hipper Philly neighborhoods, I definitely won't be coming back here. Sorry tico.We order a couple times a week. Fast delivery, consistently delicious!I've been ordering take out from Tico's since they opened, but recently dined in for the first time. They've done a nice job decorating the restaurant and it's less of a hole in the wall than you might think. It's a chill spot to bring a couple beers, enjoy complimentary chips & salsa, and have a low-key dinner out. I love their vegetarian quesadilla stuffed with rice, beans, and guac. Welcome to the neighborhood amigos!It was just ok. I like that it is byob, but the taco salad is so small. I feel like I paid for a fried bowl that was not good. I would have preferred more actual salad.Esto ni parece mexicano fui un día que pase por ahí y pedí unos tacos de bistec no tenía sabor y las tortillas estaban crudas no me pusieron limon, ademas no tienen variedad de comida mexicana en vez de parecer mexicano parece americano porque solo venden burritos la salsa no estaba tan buena. El lugar es bonito y cómodo pero el chef no sabe de cocina que contraten un buen cocinero que sepa de la comida no pongan a cualquiera no se los recomiendo para nada hay mejores restaurantes uno solo va a botar su dinero ahí porque no disfrutas nada, si no van a hacer las cosas bien que no pongan restaurante si no saben cómo es que funciona un verdadero restaurante!This spot is just what the neighborhood needed. It's quick, affordable and delicious Mexican food without all the unnecessary frills.Can't believe I haven't left a review of this one yet! I'm a big fan of Tico's, one of the best Tex Mex places within walking distance of my real estate office! 
They have an awesome walk in special, not sure if it's everyday, but they have 4 mini tacos for $5! That's fantastic. Very traditional Tacos, and quick service. Will continue to regularly visit here.We did take out and it was terrific. Highly recommend the chicken tinga burrito. Food is slightly too salty for my taste but very delicious.The food is quite tasty, but we had two problems.  First, we ordered guacamole added to our burritos for - $1.50 addition and got no more than about a half slice of avocado buried at the bottom of the burrito.  Second, in one of the burritos, the chicken tinga had a small chicken bone in it.
The burritos have a lot of flavor, but definitely avoid adding guacamole and be aware of bones!Ordered delivery and it came rather promptly. Started with a salad, which  was tasty, especially the dressing, which was very zippy and southwestern. I had the beef taco plate which was just okay. I wasn't a fan of the beef and thought it lacked flavor. My husband had the pork burrito, which he said was good, but not fantastic.
Overall, this place is just okay; can't say we'll order from here again though.Ordered delivery - came very fast. However ordered a side of guac which was $1.50 extra and it came in a VERY small container and about 1/4 full, the rest of it was sour cream.  I got the veggie burrito and tofu enchiladas which were just ok. They used to not charge delivery but now its $3 with a $20 minimum.I went to this fine establishment yesterday, for a byob girls night and let me tell you what this place did not disappoint. It's much like the Mexican spots that are south of Washington, but this was right around the corner from me on South. Very unassuming from the outside, but the food was slammin. The chips and salsa were delish. I got the shrimp fajitas which was def enough for 4 taco shells/fajitas, totally loaded. Everything was fresh, great portions. My girlfriend got a quesadilla and it was a monster (size wise) and delish as well. For dessert (bc of course girls night you need dessert) we got the cheesecake and the churros. Both super fresh, the crust on the cheese cake was magical and the churros were fresh and delicious. 
All in all, definitely go here. Date night, girls night, eff it and let's just go out someplace casual and drink our own booze-night. 
And for the haters out there who got delivery and it wasn't the best, you got Mexican delivery, so yeah the foods gonna be a little mushy bc that's how all Mexican is when you don't eat it right the minute it comes out. It would be the same no matter if you got it from here or Jose pistoles, so stop hating. 
**
Second review
**
April 7, 2017
Got shrimp enchiladas with green sauce and it did not disappoint at all. Fiancé got the tacos el pastor, and holy moly loaded with meat! Everything was so delicious and well made, the rice and beans were sides but crazy slammin. Honestly, if you haven't gone here, cancel your shit plans and come here for dinner. BYOB too. It's a no brainer.Great Mexican joint. I grew up in Texas and this is excellent and authentic Mexican food. Great service as well. Hard to find authentic Mexican food in Philly - this is one of the few we've found. 
Also, good vegetarian options, including tofu. All beans are vegetarian as well. They also have a student discount.This will now be my go to Mexican spot! The staff are friendly, the house salsas are delicious, and the food is legit. Italian Market is slightly too out of the way, but I think Tico's fills a necessary gap in the South Street/Rittenhouse area where other options are either too expensive, too "fusion", or too bleh. Their food is to the point, affordable, and most importantly, tasty.I went to this fine establishment yesterday, for a byob girls night and let me tell you what this place did not disappoint. It's much like the Mexican spots that are south of Washington, but this was right around the corner from me on South. Very unassuming from the outside, but the food was slammin. The chips and salsa were delish. I got the shrimp fajitas which was def enough for 4 taco shells/fajitas, totally loaded. Everything was fresh, great portions. My girlfriend got a quesadilla and it was a monster (size wise) and delish as well. For dessert (bc of course girls night you need dessert) we got the cheesecake and the churros. Both super fresh, the crust on the cheese cake was magical and the churros were fresh and delicious. 
All in all, definitely go here. Date night, girls night, eff it and let's just go out someplace casual and drink our own booze-night. 
And for the haters out there who got delivery and it wasn't the best, you got Mexican delivery, so yeah the foods gonna be a little mushy bc that's how all Mexican is when you don't eat it right the minute it comes out. It would be the same no matter if you got it from here or Jose pistoles, so stop hating.I have been here several times, more and more lately. Dinner last night, lunch today. I think the food is terrific. I especially enjoy their pork soft tacos and enchiladas. My wife loves the tofu items and the guacamole. The delivery is extremely quick. Some may be put off my ambiance but do not fear; food is amazing and worth it. Not very expensive at all. I highly recommend this place.The best!! I have been here multiple times and every time it's amazing! Quesadillas are really good and so is the salsa! can't go wrong here! Friendly staff as well.Absolutely delicious! Got take out delivery. Everything was awesome! Fresh and super tasty. When I was done I wanted more! Thank you!fantastic hole-in-the-wall spot with incredible mexican-style tacos (or tex-mex if you like!), super quick and easy to order from!This might be my new favorite tacos place in Philadelphia! As a major taco fan, I love trying new places and finding hidden gems--Tico's is just that! The service was amazing, it didn't break the bank and I can't wait to go back! Tico's is located on South Street and provides a family environment with many delicious options for everyone! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Great food and great service! I'm always looking for good Mexican food in the neighborhood, and this place was great. The server and staff were very friendly, food came quickly, and everything tasted great! Strongly recommend.Omg sooooooooooo good best chicken burrito bowl ever !!!! And the chips and salsa Highly recommend!!Never been disappointed. I've been a few times now had the el pastor tacos, chicken burrito, Mexican quesadilla, and chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. Everything was AMAZING!!! I will be going much more frequently. DefinitelyChicken Enchiladas worth the try next time you're on though street!Best enchiladas! Get the green sauce and mexican cheese. I couldn't count the number of times I've eaten here. One of my friends comes to the city solely to get food from Ticos. You get a really good quantity of food for the price unlike some other places. 
Covid era I tried them as takeout for the first time, came nicely packaged and hot!Being from Texas and today being San Jacinto Day I am desperate for Tex-Mex food. So I find this little place that opened up about 3 months ago and it's not far from my work. Sweet! Time to check this place out. 
Well here's what I think. I think the north is afraid of flavor and spice in all of your food. I order chicken enchiladas with salsa verda and the chicken was bland, it was grilled and tossed in there with no real spice, no cheese or salsa inside the enchilada, salsa verde was weak like they did not add any jalapenos to it and just used straight tomatillos, the table salsa was bland almost like pace picante sauce, rice and beans weren't bad but when I asked for a flour tortilla to make a taco with my rice and beans the nice waitress told me that they only have corn. If you're a Tex-Mex restaurant you should have flour tortillas. 
In short, not bad, but not great. It feels like all of these Mexican restaurants have dumbed it way down to fit the needs of the area and that is sadder than the result of the Battle of the Alamo.Very good!! Great service and great food. Loved the chicken tacos. Very fast and great presentationI can't fathom how anyone can put so many different ingredients into a burrito and make them all taste like nothing. Saw a kitchen worker make my guacamole without gloves on. The only positive is that the burrito was very nicely wrapped and looked good on the outside. The inside was a totally different story. (I had the chicken tinga burrito w/ guac)Can't believe I haven't left a review of this one yet! I'm a big fan of Tico's, one of the best Tex Mex places within walking distance of my real estate office! 
They have an awesome walk in special, not sure if it's everyday, but they have 4 mini tacos for $5! That's fantastic. Very traditional Tacos, and quick service. Will continue to regularly visit here.Really solid Mexican place that offers relatively standard fare at a reasonable price with good portions. Guacamole is very good and fresh, and the tacos are super tasty.The food is fantastic and authentic. It's affordable. The staff is nice, and the place is small and quiet. Wouldn't go anywhere else in the city for Mexican food.Walked by here the other day and noticed this New Tex mex place and decided to stop in and so glad I did! Everything was delicious - I had the chicken enchiladas and my wife had the shrimp tacos. Portions were generous with sides of rice and beans included. Chips and salsa were also included unlike some of their competitors in the neighborhood. We also got a side of Guac which was really tasty!
Overall 5 stars. Will be back for eat in and this will definitely be a new addition to my takeout list.Finally, we found a restaurant that offers authentic Mexican food!  After spending a decade in Central America, I have been craving simple, tasty rice and beans and tacos!  Most Philly "Mexican" restaurants offer fancy, over-priced sort-of Mexican food.  This restaurant is simple and plain, but the food is darn good and cheap!  Sweetheart and I have been to Tico Taco twice in the past week.  We have tried tacos, nachos and dip, and burritos.  I LOVE the shrimp tacos.  We are so lucky to have this new super spot in the neighborhood!  No alcohol, so bring your own margaritas.I got the chicken burrito and woow did not disappoint. My new go to burrito spot. Make sure to get it wet! Will not regret it