2 to 2.5 stars Jose.
With all due respect Jose to your empire this was a.....Big rip off. ...come on now(said in annoyed Baltimore accent). Laughably nothing to eat.
Pretentious. Pretending to be a molecular gastro uber supper club. Bomb! Pretend pretend pretend wait wait then just meh.........
Yes yes I know we're supposed to go to the tasting menu and yes all the good places now or soon will be chef tastings only....It's just a little too much Chef Nazi for me. Fine I guess we're just applebees after all.
Food a meh at best. Decor nice though. Bar ferdinand far better at half the price. 
Pitcher of sangria all ice for  4   1/4 glasses  30bucks. Third tier spanish wines at 1St tier per glass price. 
Wait forever for service. Nasty and condescending.....strongly insist how to order. 
The food.........................
Onion soup luke warm quarter of a bowl mush crouton
Arugula salad ok nothing special
Cheese mixto guinea pig size slices 4 stale 2" old baguette slices
Poor quality cheeses
Moule frites spicy delish preshelled moules great frites best dish
Turbot looked good but bland flavorless not good at all
Kobe slider cold old same stale baguette round terrible
Short rib sandwhich just ok
Octopus with lemon powder and foam flavorless old fishy octo
Olives good for 4 bucks
String beans tasy for 8
Tater tubes silly for  8
Chicken tasty pigeon tiny tasteless mashed
scallop plate just ok for 18
We left bloated and angry for the experience......
Really our worst restaraunt so far in philadelphia and very rare bad experience among all the great phily restaraunts. But we had fun with our friends despite.
ldavidfine@gmail.comYou should always order the Jamon Iberico De Bellota.  It's stupidly expensive, but there is a reason that you pay for this melt in you mouth pork.  Razor thin slices of fatty, acorn fed pork are to die for.  If I was filthy rich, you bet your ass that I have a trained staff member slicing this stuff off for me on the daily.  
The Paella was very good.  A nice crunch on the bottom of the rice, very flavorful.  One of the better paellas that I've had.
Diver Scallops were cooked perfectly.  They were light and tasty.  
The wine was as terrific as expected.  Spanish wine is some of my absolute favorite.  They gave us complimentary champagne for our anniversary.  That was nice of them.
There needs to be a casual tapas restaurant in Philly.  The food here is great, but it's too expensive and too stuffy to really be tapas.  That being said, I'd absolutely recommend it.I have been here several times and still enjoy my meal each time I eat here. The food is great and you can almost always get a table with little to no waiting time. It is really hard to make a bad order from their menu and there is plenty to choose from. It can get pricey, I have done the chef's tasting once but once you know the menu it can actually be a somewhat affordable and delicious meal!a really great place and atmosphere in Philadelphia. there are a lot of great food places in NYC and this place although is in philly, its up to par compared to places with NYC. all the tapas were great and so was the sangria. great place. will definitely come back againThis is a great place with excellent wines and very high-end tapas.  The anchovies dish in particular was so carefully executed and special, we loved it.  Some might say its a little dark inside but very masculine, warm and intimate which is clearly the ambiance they're going for.  
I can't help but feel like the place was just a smeck overpriced, hence the 4 stars, but we will very likely be back here when next in Philly.Great food, great wine, great atmosphere! Perfect spot for a date.
4-5 dishes are more than enough for a party of two, some of my favorites are:
chicken brochetas
meatballs
duckWhat an experience! An excellent selection of tapas, that provided one of the finest evenings of dining I have had in a while. Started with cocktails, and a mixto charcuterie and added in beets, Brussels sprouts, pork belly, smoked octopus, and finished with a mixto cheese plate as well. A fine red wine recommended by our waiter made the evening very enjoyable. Highly recommended and will be on the list for future visits.Great creative food, good drinks.  Great service.  One of my regular stops.Very classy. Each and every tapa looks and tastes like a work of [culinary] art. Obviously portions are tiny and the place is on the expensive side, but very nice overall, especially for a date or a special occasion.I love this place! For anyone trying out this type of cuisine for the first time, I strongly recommend it. I feel like the restaurant strikes a perfect balance between purely Spanish food and "regular" food. The restaurant is beautiful and romantic even though some of the tables have pretty stiff and high up chairs that may be uncomfortable for some. The waiters are incredibly friendly, and they make wonderful suggestions for first-timers.
Definitely get the:
Chestnut soup
Duck confit
Scottish salmon
Kobe beef
Bomba rice
Definitely a must! It has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I would suggest not going during Restaurant Week because the menu doesn't always include some of Tinto's best then.I just love Tapas. 
We went here last night for dinner with some friends. We all came hungry, which was good- cause damn is this a lot of food! We ordered the chefs selection at $55 per person. The food kept coming, and although we spent a shitload of money for 4 people to eat, it was well worth it. Some of the best food I have had in awhile. The wine and desert were both also good.
Also love the decor. Dark, rich and sensual-- is a very good match for the food.I'm a Jose Garces lover to the bone!  I had dinner here for the first time recently and my friend and I just ordered the kitchen sink.  Its amazing how something can come out of the kitchen and you look at it and say "that's it?" but then you eat it and it's delicious and then the next thing comes out and so on until you need to open your pants button!  Favorites: Pork Belly, Scallops, Wild mushrooms... and everything else!
It's expensivo but i did not feel cheated! worth every penny and we had a great, if not overly attentive waiter on a crowded Thursday night!My girlfriend and I happened to make a dinner reservation here 3 years ago... it was hands-down the best dining experience I've ever had in Philadelphia. We go back to Tinto's as often as we can. 
Our server was extremely helpful, and that's really what guided the experience. We held on to the menu and ordered dish after dish as we looked through it. He let us take our time and made suggestions, guiding us through the menu. 
The each dish arrived just as we were finishing the past. It was perfect. And delicious. Everything we tasted was unbelievable. (One of my favorites was the Sopa De Castano - truffled chestnut soup with quail egg - again, unbelievable). Great presentation, great service. 
WORD OF WARNING: lots of little dishes are great, but don't fall into the trap of ordering too much. The second time we visited, our server convinced us to order 7 or 8 dishes for two of us - FAR too many - and we left feeling overstuffed. My advice would be to order a couple of dishes at a time, and hold on to the menu. 
MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY!Incredible place. Great atmosphere and ambience. The lighting was perfect. Not too bright. We say by the kitchen and watched chefs prep food! Wine cellar look. High tables. Easy Tapas menu and wonderful flavors! DeliciousTinto has your typical fare of Spanish tapas with an excellent selection of wine to boat... the Tempranillo is stellar.  The food is always top notch, fresh, and delivered in practical plating, unlike a lot of tapas restaurants that try to overcompensate for their small dishes by making them look like LegoLand attractions.  The staff should be the standard to compare for all restaurants in the city.  Much like Fish, Meme, and Ants Pants, sometimes I'll go here for the service alone when not craving a certain type of food.  They are all very professional while also being down-to-earth and hilariously witty... just take a look behind the bar at the wine bottles with labels drawn by the staff to see for yourself.
The only negative comment I have for Tinto is an easy fix... those barstool covers.  They're white and heavily stained.  For such a nice place, you would think they would notice such an eyesore and correct it right away.  Nobody wants to sit on a dirty chair, and if they did, they wouldn't pay so much for oddly spoiled pleasure.  You can get that type of service at McGlinchey's all night for the price of the taxes on your bill at Tinto's.
The reason I have four stars instead of five is mainly because it's hard for me to give a tapas place the full spectrum of stars without the full spectrum of food.  I mean, the food here is great, but not shocking.I was in Philly overnight on biz and had a dinner mtg cancel..so headed here for dinner.  Decided to "do it right" and ordered the $75 tasting and must say that o was not as impressed as I was hoping to be.  One of the courses was an octopus dish that was very good.  Others were also very good, but nothing jumped out at me as being exceptional.  My biggest tasting was their steak.  They told my it was a sirloin steak, I believe.  Kind of lacked flavor.  Additionally, 7 minutes prior to that course arriving, I received a bowl of shiitake mushrooms.  Nobody informed me that they were for the steal that was to immediately follow until the bartender stopped over.
Additionally, there really didn't seem to be any type of manager working.  Nobody came by to ask how everything was, except for the bartender.  Would have expected more from a place as highly regarded as Tinto.
All in all...a fair meal.  Not as "memorable" an experience nor as memorable as my meals at Amada.  And more pricey.  I'll probably come back...but won't be running back!Great place for date night. The portions are small but you will leave full but not stuffed. Pricey but you get what you pay for. Service was top notch.Tinto is simply fabulous.  Just be prepared to drop some bucks.
I was a little overwhelmed by the wine list, and the bartender allowed me to sample a dark red Spanish wine before committing to a $12 glass of it.  Thanks, bartender!  
My friend and I split the mixto cheese and mixtro charcuterie plates.  All I ever really want is some wine and cheese anyway, and maybe a little cured jamon, you know?  This was actually plenty of food, but they are a little stingy with the accompanying bread crisps.  I asked for more and out they came.  Thanks, waiter!
Lastly, we decided to order two of the little tapas plates - the montadito de pato (sort of an open-faced duck sammie with a little bit of ham and a roasted cherry) and patatas asturianas (the most expensive fancy tater tots I ever ate at 10 for $7).  Both were delicious.  See my photo of the potatoes linked to this review : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gnpyyeWQ53WlDMJEq-YA_w?select=yJtruRWwqicz46LVCjMZmg
Our waiter really kept pushing us to order more food, or a bottle of wine, but we were there really just to nibble and drink, and actually ordered more that we should have.
I give four stars for the experience (slightly pushy waiter) and a million stars for the ambiance and decor.  I loved the shadow-boxed corkscrews everywhere....so cute.So I actually ended up eating here accidentally, I must admit. You see, my wife and I had planned to go to Village Whiskey, the adjoining restaurant known for its burgers, but we walked through the wrong door! We didn't figure out that we were in the wrong place until we were seated and saw the menu. I asked my wife, "would it be rude for us to leave, explaining that we came through the wrong door?" Before I could finish my sentence, the waitress came over and asked if we would prefer bottled or ice water. "Ice water, please," my wife replied, and so we were locked it: tapas it was!
Other than being at a restaurant with a different price point than I had anticipated, it was a serendipitous bungle. The interior decor was chic and pastoral all at the same time, like eating over your favorite Spanish vintner's house. In fact, I believe "tinto" actually means "red wine" in Spanish (loosely translated), if I'm remembering correctly. 
Because of the wine theme, I decided that this would be a good place to order a sangria, which turned out to be a great move. It was one of the best sangrias I've ever had -- they actually chop some of the fruit into a fine dice so that you can easily drink it along with the wine. Definitely don't miss the tinto sangria!
The chef actually sent out a little amuse bouche before our food came out, which was pretty awesome. For our meal, we ordered the following from the tapas-style menu: 1) the mixto cheese board, 2) olives, 3) cured-ham wrapped figs, 4) roast pork sandwich with manchego, 5) chicken and grape skewers (I forget the proper name for them). The cheese board was very tasty, but felt a touch overpriced at $15. The olives were pretty endless and delicious, and the figs were spectacular. I think the highlight of the show was the prok sandwich, though. I think I could have eaten like 3 by myself, perhaps the best pork sandwich ever. 
All in all, we had a delicious meal in a beautiful atmosphere. The price was a little high at $70+ for a meal where I was just barely full, but that's OK. The service was professional, and I would definitely come back.Began a wonderful evening with drinks by Nick at the bar. Moved on to a delicious meal tastefully prepared and beautifully presented! Sat downstairs which was quiet and intimate, loved it! Food was great, some of best tasting dishes we ever had, service was incredible!! Thank you!I went here with my family.  My sons kept telling me it would be a great experience, but I was skeptical, small plates for dinner?  I have to say I was blown away.  The food is amazing and so many flavors through the course of the evening.  Not only did I come away completely satisfied, I was elated with the variation of flavors I was able to enjoy.
This place is really awesome and I highly recommend for an evening out.one of the best meals i have had in philly and that's saying a lot! the food was to die for... creative and delicious! the service was also top-notch.. felt very welcome and pampered. their timing was also perfection, though with the amount of food we ordered, i felt like someone was constantly at our table (which kept interrupting our conversation, but how can i hold a grudge when everything they brought was more delicious than the previous dish?!) standout dishes: marinated olives (simple, but plentiful and satisfying), braised shortribs (tender and flavorful), and the beef tenderloin (mouth-wateringly good!). we also had a bottle of spanish cab sav, possibly the best wine i've ever tasted. it ruined me though since every glass of wine i've had since has paled in comparison. the atmosphere was cozy (almost too cozy in some spots... they tried to put us at a very small table sandwiched in between two other couples, but my date asked if they wouldn't mind moving us to another spot, which they did, happily) it was very romantic. a perfect date spot or even for catching up with a great friend.Giving fives stars because we loved everything. The dishes we had Sea Bass, Abondigas, Shrimp, Brussel Sprouts( fantastic) String beans, rice. Great Spanish wine list. Great service. Enjoyed sitting downstairs in the more quiet area. Upstairs was very crowed and loud.Okay, so I am a tapas fan. So I was really excited to eat at Tinto. My first impression was Tinto was a bit up tight for my liking (see and be seen type of joint)...and that was my impression when we left. Anyways first we ordered a pitcher of Tinto Sangria, it was not overly sweet but not a great value for 30 bucks a pop. Then we ordered several tapas: 
Chestnut, mushroom, and duck soup: PERFECT, my favorite dish all night, awesome presentation, complex, and yummy. 
The Arugula Salad with fried goat cheese, Serrano ham, figs, and toasted pine nuts: Delish and pretty. 
The Mussels 
Bacon and apple scallops: came with a random foam on top, which was really cool. And the scallops were perfectly cooked. 
Kobe Beef 
Crab Canape 
Roasted mushrooms and potatoes: we were way to full to have more then a few bites...would have been really nice with the Kobe beef canapes. 
All in all Tinto has well balanced, beautifully presented tapas, and a very professional feel.I am thrilled to finally be able to write a stellar review of Tinto.  
I live in LA now, but when I used to live in Center City Philly I would take my girlfriend at the time every few months.  It was and still is her favorite restaurant, so when I found out years ago that Tinto had a private dining room upstairs, I kept it to myself and decided that someday it might be a good place to propose.  Sure enough, last month I did just that during our visit to Philly, and the Garces Events staff spent the prior 6 months helping me to plan the perfect proposal and celebration there.  The food was delicious, the wine was wonderful, and it was truly a night to remember.  Special thanks to Stephanie at Garces Events and the whole Tinto staff for helping me pull it off as a complete surprise to my fiancee!  They even through in a free round of bubbly for all 22 of us in the room.  
Tinto is unquestionably one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, but most people don't know about their ability to host events/parties upstairs.  No matter the occasion, Tinto is the right place to go.LOVE this place!!!
Everything is always presented so beautifully. 
Everything always tastes fantastic. 
Definitely up to the Garces standards, if you're familiar with his restaurants you are definitely aware you are in one when you're in TInto. 
Fabulous staff-- our waiter during restaurant week, Anthony, was amazing. SO knowledgable on the food, language, wine, and even culture of the Basque region. He took the time to write down the different grape varieties I would like based off of the restaurant week wine tasting white wine. Above and beyond. 
Cannot wait to go back  for Valentines day. We go every year, and are BLOWN away by the caliber, presentation, uniqueness, and most of all, the FLAVOR of their valentines day menu!Service was good. Food was very good as well. One of my favorite places for tapas in the city. Highly recommend. Will be visiting again.Pretty disappointing restaurant week experience here. Had high hopes but was instead treated to a night of mediocrity once again reaffirming the over-hyping of restaurant. Here's the course by course breakdown.
For appetizer I had the chicken brochettes (boring with minimal flavor), the chorizo (lived up to the hype, a can't miss). the mussels (only about two in the bland broth), and the arugula (loved the fried goat cheese and orange vinaigrette was the perfect dressing). 
For entrees I tried the bomba rice (not much different than a simple dish I make at home), the sea bass (cooked nicely with delicious salsa), the chicken (also a winner, tons of flavor), and the pork belly (was not impressed, too salty for even me). 
Both desserts offered were average, nothing memorable but nice to have something sweet at the end. The biggest disappointment was I was not even full at the end of the meal. Also we were on the rushed side by the army of waiters patrolling the dining room. We had a pitcher of sangria too which made a final bill over $130 with tip, a lot for leaving without a satisfied stomach. I'll stick to Amada next time.Good food, not the best value. I know that's not really the point if you are eating at a nice tapas place like this anyway, but I think I am becoming much less judicious with what I consider to be a good value now since things have changed economically. The dining room is very modern, a bit cold I might say, except for the wood tones. The bar area, where I was eating, has a much warmer feel with plenty of wood accents. Great selection of Spanish wines, which I am a fan of. Particularly Garanchas and Tempranillos. However, since I know a good bottle of either of those will run you somewhere in the vicinity of 8$, I am not about to purchase one glass for 8$! And that was the cheapest. I was there for lunch and ordered some kind of hard, smokey, Spanish cheese (you would have to be a serious foodie to know what it was) and also asparagus with lemon aioli, which was cooked perfectly. With tip it came to 19$, not a cheap lunch, but I still wanted to try the place while I was in the area. It might be cheaper if you went with a group and split everything, but I can't see it being cheap even then. Good food for what it is though.My cousins and I did restaurant week here and I really love the ambiance! It's a dimly lit restaurant, but it's enough light to see what you're eating and give that relaxing feel. Our waiter was very clear and detailed about the menu especially since it's our first time. The duck is pretty good, but I really thought the paella was the highlight, along with the scallops dish! I also liked the beef on the first course. It's all small portions, and you're possibly going to think it's going to not fill you up.... but that's the wrong idea. You do get full in the end. Our dessert was shared and we had the chocolate mousse-like pudding. There's a bit of orange that I removed, as it isn't really my thing, but it was great! The olive oil ice cream was also great, you don't taste the olive oil much, just a hint to point it adds a delicate and delicious taste. Would return again. It has exceeded my expectations.Went to Tinto while in Philly for a quick weekend trip and it was one of the best meals I or my boyfriend have had in ages. On a busy Saturday night the service was attentive and helpful without being over the top. We were seated downstairs and while the tables are close together, it feels cozy without seeming like you are sitting on top of the other tables. 
The food. They recommend 3-4 per person and this actually seems like a good estimate, though it obviously depends on the size of the dishes you choose. We started with the mixed cheese plate that contained one goat cheese, one blue cheese and one hard cheese. All were very good, and the goat, which I'm usually not a huge fan of, especially pleased me. We had the ham wrapped figs as well, which were also a tasty start to the meal as well as chorizo that had great very slightly spicy flavor. We were debating between two sandwiches and settled on the braised short ribs which was one of the best things I've ever eaten. We also had the duck canape which definitely was neck and neck with the short ribs sandwich. The sea bass and cockles were super tasty and had the perfect texture, though they were on the salty side so be warned. The organic chicken was very good with crispy skin and amazing truffle mashed potatoes on the side. We finished off the meal with the chocolate y cafe for dessert, just because everything else had been so good I couldn't leave without at least trying a dessert. It lived up to the high expectations that had been set by that point. 
All in all, I highly recommend Tinto and think it will be hard for you to go wrong in whatever you order!Some of the dishes were overcooked and only slightly warm by the time they reached the table. Cheese selection was excellent. Wine selection was excellent. Artichokes were very good, even though the noodles that came with were so overcooked they didn't even stay together. Sat downstairs - next to the bathroom.... so that was disturbing. Overall a good experience. I think sitting at the bar eating cheese would have trumped my dinner experience.I was in town for a conference and tried Tinto on a recommendation, and literally everything we tried was fabulous! The crab canapes, bomba rice, organic chicken, were my favorites. And the  artichokes! The sauce was amazing! 
Service was great and our waiter gave great recommendations. 
Highly recommend! Apparently Garacas also works with Mercat in Chicago, which I've been wanting to try...can't wait!The food and cocktails were pretty bad. We tried a selection of the tapas including Aged Manchego, Serrano Ham Wrapped Figs, Mussels, Meatballs (Albondigas - Brochetas), Duck Confit Montaditos, & Paella (Gatxuxa). The manchego was good, but all they really had to do was slice it and plate it. Same with the ham wrapped figs - simple and good. However, all of the other dishes fell below our expectations. The meatballs, mussels, and paella were all very tomato-sauce based and did not have much flavor complexity. The duck was not cooked well and was dry.
As for the cocktails, the margarita was all sour mix.. and I believe we tried another staple that came out pretty bad. I decided to stick with cava - they have a nice wine and cava selection - which was solid. The place was also a bit weird as there was no bar which raises the question of who is making the cocktails... perhaps someone who shouldn't be bartending.
The ambiance was solid and service was fine, but not enough to make up for the lackluster food. Perhaps Tinto does better with some of the other seafood options? I know a couple nearby us was enjoying their octopus.Went for our anniversary, so good!  We got the tasting menu with the wine pairings, and it was the perfect amount of food.  Everything was delicious.  We loved the cheese plate, the jumbo shrimp were delicious, the duck confit was lovely, and the lamb was magnificent.  Of the 3 desserts, only one was very good, but after all that food, one was plenty!  I'll overlook the other desserts since everything else was so delicious!This place is truley AMAZING! I was there saturday night for the first time and I'll be back for sure! 
Our table had the "Chef's Tasting" because we had no clue what to order. It has so many options on the menu and they did not disappoint us. The cheese platter with olives was so good to start with, then the fish melted in my mouth. Even their string beans were fab. with almonds and mouth watering seasonings! And of course dessert great too!
Yes, it is pricey but go for a special occasion or save up and you will really enjoy it!Great food and ambiance! Loved the creativeness of the menu!Ended up at Tinto accidentally.  My husband and I had planned to go to Village Whiskey (located right next store) for about a week and a half. Finally, my highly anticipated night of frivolity in the city had come!  We parked the car and made a mad dash for the corner of 20th and Sansom streets.  We walked through the door in a flurry of excitement  and were greeted very kindly by numerous hostesses.  Immediately, we were whisked away into a dark and seductively lit room...our table was a tad too close to the adjacent tables  for my own comfort, however they were both empty so all was well for this claustrophobic. It wasn't until we simultaneously opened the menu, ordered our water, and became acquainted with our waitress that we finally realized we were in Tinto and not at Village Whiskey. No backing out now!  Some couples are known as the "power couple", some are know as "green couples", on this particular day my husband and I were known as the "idiot couple".   Doh!
Oh well.....if you are going to make a mistake this was the perfect mistake to make! Tinto takes on the world of  Spanish tapas.  I LOVE tapas.....even when going to a "normal" eatery I tend to order multiple appetizers for my main meal....I get the most interesting looks.   I HIGHLY recommend the roast pork sandwich, hands down this was the best plate of the night.  My second favorite dish was the Chicken Brochettes-  rich and creamy with a dash a sweetness.
A mistake that turned out to be a wonderful experience ( wish that would happen more throughout everyday life).  Don't expect a big burger here (go next door to Whiskey Village), the food at Tinto is delicate, scrumptious, and beautiful.  Can't wait to return!We went to Tinto for wine week and it was a very enjoyable experience. We sat at the bar, and admired the wall behind the counter which essentially was an entire wall of wine corks displayed in a simple yet artistic way. 
I got the flight of three wines (Xarmant, Gorrondoa and Ametzoi 'Rubentis). The flight consisted of two white ones and one rosé. Their special involved recommended pairings of oysters with the wines. We chose to get the Cape May Salts with white pepper mignonette and the Bullseye oysters with apple ginger gelée and Asian pear. The wines complemented the oysters well and we found ourselves wanting more of the Cape May Salts. 
I found their happy hour to be very reasonably priced with $5 tapas, and even $5 sangria cocktails. I got the Albondigas (meatballs served with piperade and manchego) and they were very tasty. 
I certainly recommend this place for happy hour and I hope to return for dinner as well!I came to Tinto for restaurant week last week.  As I"m sure restaurant week offers limited options and smaller portions, I am still giving 5 stars because this was my favorite restaurant week experience of the week, service was excellent, and every dish we ate was absolutely delicious. 
We had: 
1st Course: All 3 kinds of cheese; our favorite was the Boucheron, by far amazing, then the La Peral which was like a bleu cheese but way better.  The Idiazábal was good, but not as great as the others.  The Verdosa salad was good, although lacking some veggies or other content, and the Figs were one of my favorites.  Yumm!
2nd Course: Duck Montadito blew us away, was duck confit on toast with ham and dark cherry, so delicous!  One of their best sellers, I can see why!  The Pulpo (octopus) was also amzing, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the green olive aioli made the dish!  The Merluza Verde (Sea Bass) was another phenomenal dish, the fish was so tender it melted in your mouth.  Yumm!  For our vegetarian, we got the Bomba Rice with white asparagus and manchgo, and the green breans haricots verts with almonds, dates, and oranges.  Both were delicious, the rice was creamy and filling, and the dates on the green beans was a nice treat. 
3rd Course: Dessert:  I loved the chocolate tart with almonds and hazelnut ice cream.  The ice cream was the best!  My friends ordered the Cuajada, which is like a whipped pudding.  They seemed to love it, although I didn't try it.
We had a very delicious bottle of wine, a cabernet from the 1st page of the menu.  All their wines are from Spain, although pricey, I loved this wine so much.  ($55 bottle was one of the cheapest red wines on the menu).  I highly recommend Tinto to anyone.  The restaurant is so cozy and inviting, the service is great, the food is out of this world!  I wish I could afford this every week!  Bravo.This place is great for a date night.  We decided to get a hoge poge and share everything and how could you not...there are so many great options on the menu.One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. You can even sit by the kitchen and watch them cook your food through the glass. The testing menu is always different and inspires you to try foods you ordinarily wouldn't. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared.Funny, the first time I went to Philadelphia (as a visit) we went here for brunch. GREAT meal! 
I never knew I would later move here 6 years later. So we kept coming back. Awesome each time. It's expensive but I think it's worth it. 
I took off 1 star because for the last restaurant week, not all of our small plates came out. I guess it's not a big deal since we were both full, but it was just the principal of it. 
We would still come back though.I love this place! The food and service here is amazing! We let the chef pick out our meals for us.
Ajo blanco (soup): is tasty and yummy, definitely an acquire taste. If you like creamy almond soup, then I would order this. The best part for me was the melon.
Revuelto de bacalao: i hate eggs, but this is DELICIOUS!!! I loved the scrambled egg, with black cod, goat cheese, & spinach!!! So So good!!
Lamb chops: the sweet breads warpped around the lamb is delicious!! The artichoke puree was so creamy! Loved every single bits of it!
Bomba rice: growing up as a rice eater, this did not taste like rice at all, which was great! It was really yummy! I am actually not a rice eater, but I keep putting a spoonful into my mouth without knowing it. Delicious!!
There were so many more dishes and all were delicious, but these were the most outstanding ones!It's been awhile since I've visited this Basque tapas bar and I am so glad I returned.  But if you are looking for mass quantities of food on the plate and do not understand the concept of small plates and sharing, this ain't the place for you.  I don't need you nor your ilk around me, get lost.  ;-)
Let me first compliment the bartenders, Dan and the other guy, who made the experience delightful, from reco'ing which wine by the glass we would thoroughly enjoy to expert suggestions and explanations of the menu choices...1st class, 5 star guys.
The presentation of every plate was fantastic, creative, and forcing the conversation to take a quick turn to oooo's and ahhhh's.  
The lamb skewers in a shot glass with bacon eggplant sherry jus was a little awkward to handle but the lamb was tender and the flavor distinct.   The figs in a wrap of Serrano ham were my fave along with the anchovies draped around some diced pickled veggies and finished off with pine nuts.  The Prawns were very fresh and presented well, just not something I would order again as it was a step above ordinary in flavor.
Garces has it going on here.Not as good as it used to be but I love the Basque region wines that aren't easy to find in PA. The reason I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars (average) is that they have started passing off regular almonds for marcona almonds. I can see the conversation when their ordering them to save a buck, "these people will never know." Wondering what else isn't quite as it seems.BRUNCH Review.  After several dinners at Tinto I was really excited to try the brunch.  It wasn't the food that set me back on the experience but the fact that the menu wasn't what was posted on the website and the price has increased $10 to a $35 prix fix.  Once I sat down I questioned whether the site said $25 or $35 and just decided I had read wrong, although I was pretty sure.  After we ordered another couple got up and left after inquiring if there was a new menu and about the price increase.
$35 is a lot for brunch, especially when coffee is on top of that and is about $4 each.  It's not about the money so much as the fact the website is misleading.  
The food however, as always, was spectacular.  I've never had a bad meal at any Garces restaurant and this brunch will not disappoint.  Three courses with there also being a side on top of the main.  Definitely plan with your table so you can mix & match and get a good cross-section of the menu.  The shrimp & cured salmon appetizers were both fantastic and we had the eggs benedict and garlic sausage & egg sandwich for our main.  We opted for chorizo & pork belly as our sides which were both out of this world - especially the chorizo.  
So food - five stars - never an issue, but the price is up there and the fact its not accurately represented on the website is a bummer.  Definitely a special occasion brunch spot.Love it!! Much like Amada, the food is excellent!!One of my best Philly experiences to date.  Had a great, great dinner and a pretty good buzz as I left-good wine list.  Had a duck confit, Pistachio and truffle cream soup which was perfect.  Atmosphere was cozy and not irritating in  the size space it took up.   Hope my next trip is a similar one, I am sure it will be.Foods not bad.  Make sure u dont sit downstairs.  Dont order the crab but the octupus is good. Brussels and msuhrooms are the best thing on the menu.I recently attended the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit "Think Local Give Local" at the Lowes Hotel in Philadelphia. All of Garces restaurants participated with various food offerings and there was participation from many of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. It was a great benefit to help support immigration and immigrants that are located in Philadelphia. Tinto, one of Garces' older restaurants in the city really delivered with one of the best offerings of the night - shrimp on skewers. The shrimp were perfectly prepared and generously sized and served on a visually beautiful plate prepared with a sauce. Each skewer had three shrimp some vegetables and a delicious piece of chorizo. Tinto is such a great restaurant. I have been there several times in the past for happy hour so I am surprised that this is the first time that I am reviewing it,Love this place. 4.75 stars. Solid food and wine list. Chestnut soup is a must. Excellent for brunch too! I am not a big repeater of restaurants for dinner and this is one of the exceptions.Had a fabulous brunch for a friend's birthday! A three course prix fixe menu: lots of amazing food for $25 pp. Started with delicious granola, yogurt, and fruit. Followed with eggs, maplewood smoked bacon, and "Tinto hash ", added yummy grilled asparagus, and finished with delicious gâteau we were way too full for! Excellent service and a beautiful setting!I've liked all of the restaurants we've tried from the Garces Group (and I've tried pretty much all of them, I think), but Tinto is probably my favorite. Good selection of Spanish Tapas inspired upscale dishes, with some great, professional service to go along with it. Can't think of a dish I've tried and haven't liked. Even the seafood dishes are at least eadible, and I'm not a fan of seafood. This place is also where I discovered Tempranillo Rioja wine, which is probably my favorite wine.
For upscale Tapas in Philly, it doesn't get any better than Tinto.Went to Tinto with a good friend who was visiting from out of town and her brother.  She arrived early on a Tuesday night and had a glass of wine at the bar, where she discovered their Tuesday night happy hour specials - a selection of tapas for $2 each!!!  Amazing.  Totally going back for that... 
When I arrived we moved to a table.  We ended up ordering the foie gras, crispy potatoes, kobe beef and crab montaditos (2 dishes), octopus (pulpo), and green beans.  Food was AMAZING...  seriously.  The seasonal garnish of the foie gras was a "PB&J" approach - SO good, I would go back for just that.  The pulpo was also incredible, probably overall my favorite dish.  The crab toast was my least favorite - still good, but perhaps overly lemony?  Something didn't feel balanced there...  Having said that, I cannot WAIT to come back and try more things on the menu!  
Why only four starts?  First, the cost.  Tinto is pricey, no other way to state it.  Second, the service was inconsistent.  It took us forever to order and receive drinks (glasses of wine and a scotch).  Our waiter kept walking past the table and not asking if we were ready to order food.  We felt slightly ignored at the beginning of the meal.  Once we ordered, dishes came out quickly - TOO quickly, and all together.  We felt rushed to finish!  C'mon, Tinto, you've got great food, get the service up to par!Yowza, that was some good eating.  We went for restaurant week, which actually wasn't our ideal time to go since the menu is more limited.  However, with a anniversary to celebrate, I couldn't think of a better place to dine.
We had an early reseveration with only a 5:30pm time slot available on a Tuesday evening.  But I figured it was good to beat the crowds.  But for some reason with all the empty tables on the main level the hostess took us down to the basement level.  It was dim and cozy and intimate, but I did find it odd that she didn't ask where we preferred.  
As this was some weeks ago now, I can't recall exactly what each dish was but I do remember starting with a goat cheese that was quite good, and an heirloom tomato gazpacho that was delectable, yet a touch on the salty side.  Our second course tasting followed up with prosciutto with a mashed egg spread that paired really well together and  glazed chicken and cherry or grape skewers that was also delicious.  Our main courses consisted of the duck dish and the cod dish which was out of this world! We had their red wine sangrias flowing all night too - great experience i love Basque-ing :)Last night was my third time at Tinto and likely my last.  The two stars both go toward the food.  It was good, but not great.  This review, however, will focus on the restaurant's two weakest assets - the service and cleanliness.
The service:  We had reservations for 9, got there at 9, got seated at 9:15.  Typically, I would not have a problem with waiting at the bar for 15 minutes while the table was prepared.  The hostess sat us in some quasi-basement with couches and dark corners (more on those later).  This basement was almost completely empty, leaving us baffled as to the 15 minute wait.  I will tell you this:  They did not spend that 15 minutes cleaning up before we were seated.  There were crumbs covering my seat.  Not a huge deal; I'm not snob, but that was simply the tip of the proverbial iceberg.  Once seated, our waiter, Nathan, approached us and immediately turned on the charm.  By "turned on the charm" I mean condescendingly explained the tapas menu to my girlfriend, who had yet to experience the pleasure of dining at Tinto.  Nathan did not take drink orders.  Nathan darted away and back again in two minutes or so and asked "Have you decided on your meal?"  We had yet to even pick up the expansive menu, attempting instead to enjoy each other's company for a moment or two on our Valentine's Day date.  Shame on us.  So Nathan gave us some time, and I coerced him into taking my drink order.  He was clearly so excited that I reminded him about the whole drinks thing that he later brought me an extra beer without me even asking!  Don't worry, Nathan charged us for that.  So, we ordered our food, received some dishes twice, some not at all, but for the most part we enjoyed the food.  We mistakenly ordered dessert, only to wait nearly 20 minutes for it to arrive at the table.  By this point, it was after 11pm and the restaurant was nearly empty.  Had we known the ordering of dessert would extend our experience by 30 minutes, we certainly would have passed.  It wasn't even that good.  On our way out, Nathan walked right by us without a "thank you" or even an acknowledgment of our presence or that we just dropped 132 bones at his restaurant.  You're welcome, Nathan.  
Cleanliness:  Well, really lack thereof.  Like I said, crumbs on the seat, etc.  As you know, when you do the whole tapas thing, you do a lot of sharing and plates need to be changed a lot.  Nathan changed my plate after the first course but failed to extend the same courtesy to my girlfriend.  Not really sure what that was all about but it was kind of gross.  The silverware was spotted.  Again, I'm not a snob, or a germaphobe, so if I notice these shortcomings, I'm sure a more refined guest would be disgusted; I was merely annoyed.  
Dark Corners:  We were seated in a fairly empty quasi-basement on couches that sunk so low that my chin was near table-level (I'm not even short).  It was part basement, part sex den.  Our fellow diners were all over each other like horned up middle schoolers at their first school dance.  Problem was, these diners were in their mid-50's.  Well, at least one was.  His date was probably not too far removed from middle school.  I felt like an extra on the set of a filming of Millionaire Matchmaker.  It was all very uncomfortable.  Another set of diners were literally screaming into their cell phone wishing "!Feliz Dia de Los Enamorados!" (happy Valentine's Day) to their entire familia, while another followed each other to the bathroom...entered together, only to exit after the unmistakable sound of puking.  In all fairness to Tinto, the restaurant cannot be expected to screen its guests for class.  The clientele was simply a wonderful reflection of the lack of class the entire place exhibited throughout the night.  
I do not consider myself to be some sort of perfection-seeking foodie elitist  I do, however, expect a bit more from a $132 meal.Tinto is a real treat. I've dined here twice for Restaurant Week and happy hour, both experiences have been superb. From the service, to the ambience, to the tapas, it's 5 stars all around.
This is a great setting for an intimate meal with a small group of friends. You can each order 2-3 small dishes to sample a hearty variety and enjoy a filling meal. If you enjoy charcuterie & cheeses, order the mixto. Of the main dishes, we ordered and loved the pulpo (a small plate of marinated octopus), the pork belly (two succulent slices on bread, absolutely divine), the brussel sprouts (crispy and flavorful), and the albondigas (spiced meatballs served with a runny poached egg on top). Everything was delicious and beautifully plated, and more importantly, our waiter had a good understanding of pacing out when he brought our dishes, so our two hour meal over conversation had a nice cadence. 
Overall: A+ culinary experience, romantic atmosphere, attentive and personal serviceThe most wonderful meal I've had in a while. We were four people and ordered 12dishes. The food was great. Our waitress Rebecca was great. The wines were great all in all a most delightful evening.  The seating at the banquettes was the most uncomfortable ever. Please make sure you get chairs. that was the only reason I didn't give 5 starsAMAZING! Albondigas, Albondigas, Albondigas! But did I mention, the Albondigas!
I have been fortunate enough to go to dine here about 10 times, and the Albondigas get me every time! I first tried this dish at an event catered by Jose Garces and I feel even more in love with them in Tinto accompanied by the poached egg. The charcuterie and cheese plates are absolutely delicious. I would absolutely return for the Kobe Beef, Duck, Lamb and Lobster. The ambiance Chef Garces has created in this restaurant is so cozy and relaxing, in retrospect I completely understand how we always end up ordering another bottle of wine. The service has always been excellent, and the wait staff is extremely well versed in every ingredient of every dish!Terrible experience. Food was average at best and extremely pricey.  The worst part was that we were seated in the dingy basement inches away from the restroom.  
What really set me off was the pork tenderloin dish that was served in the 3rd course as part of the "Chef's Selection." I know it's trendy now to cook pork slighty rare these days but I wasn't expecting Pork Tartar! 
Not worth your time or money.While this isn't my favorite tapas place, it does have a few very delectable items that keep me going for more.  The short ribs are always nicely juicy, tender, and flavorful, and the revuelto de cangrejo is the perfect blend of egg, lump crab, bacon, peas, and herbs on toast.  I have also always had a good experience with the pork belly and duck confit,  The other dishes are good but didn't stand out as much.  If you are getting dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate y cafe, which is a deliciously rich chocolate coffee layer cake with hazelnut ice cream.  They also have coffee from Garces, which can be a good ending, also.  The service is very attentive and helpful.  Overall, a good choice for tapas.This is a nice little tapas place in the heart of Philly's financial center. The prices are surprisingly reasonable for a high-end tapas place in this part of town. The service was really good - the waitress filled my soda (not water mind you) without me asking at all; although she forgot our order of almonds, which we really didn't need because we were all pretty full at the end. We ordered 3 dishes each (that's the minimum per person I'd say) and the highlights were:
Octopus - really tasty, very nice lemon powder and sauce.
Kobe beef - beef was alright (Kobe is held to higher standards than normal) but the sauce was very tasty and interesting.
Mushrooms - how the heck could sauteed mushrooms be on the highlight list? Well, because they rocked. Simple, yet delicious.
Artichoke - really rich and creamy sauce, perfectly cooked noodles and tangy artichoke to cut through it all.
Garlic sausage with lentils - really nice, meaty sausage, hearty portion.
There were others, but nothing that stood out. Overall, it's a really good find, not the best, but definitely worth a try and, if you're in the area often (on work say) worth revisiting.Nice place for a date. The food is exceptional.  A little pricey, but worth it.I don't really remember what we ate here except the cheese tasting, but it mustn't have been too memorable. The food was good, but not amazing. The service was very good. They worked hard to squeeze us into the cramped space, serve us and get us out so we would make the next train. Its not anywhere near the level of Amada or Garces Trading Co. and maybe the same or better than Distrito.Yes, this was a great spot for drinks and dinner?  Fun atmosphere and really nice Spanish wines that I had never had before!Atmosphere is nice and intimate. The music is not overpowering and the service very accurate. The food was good. The mixto was ok, nothing special while the figs were really good. The chestnuts soup was tasty but you want to share it since is very filling. The short ribs were tender and the flavor bold, but there was too much bread. Liked the scallops while the Kobe beef was overpowered by the sauces. Brussels sprouts were good, nothing special. The pulp was real good. 
In general a bit too generous on the sauces (but never the less, tasty).
Was odd to receive the dishes in random order...the veggies came last, alone and the heavier dishes, like the sort ribs, were served before the lighter ones, like the scallops. I'll definitely be backMy boyfriend and I dine out a few times a week and it is so rare to have a perfect dining experience. Last night was our first time at Tinto and it was flawless.
We sat at the bar for a late snack and a few cocktails. The bartender, Josh, was friendly and very helpful with the menu. We decided on the scottish salmon (so delicious!) wild mushrooms, duck confit and the patatas asturianas. We also enjoyed the boquerones, which were the best anchoives I have ever had. We finally tasted the jamon iberico, which was extremely flavorful and the lamb loin, succulent and flavorful. Each dish was carefully considered and executed perfectly.
After such a wonderful meal, I wanted to read Craig Laban's most recent review of Tinto/Amada. While I usually respect his opinion, he and I had very different experiences!! I was incredibly impressed with every aspect of the evening.
We already are planning our next visit! Tinto will for sure become one of our regular spots.God I want to give this place 5 stars, but holy christ it was expensive. 
We were advised to order 4 tapas per person, and really we should have done 3, both due to expense and being ridiculously full by the end. The best things were by far the artichokes (with fresh pasta in some sort of beurre blanc sauce that was absolutely to. die. for.), the duck (though the cherry seemed unnecessary) and the lamb skewers (shots of love). 
Our waitress was incredible. She was totally helpful in explaining the menu, very attentive, knows the wine and was super friendly and generally awesome. I kind of have a little girl crush on her. I wish I could remember her name because you all should request her when you go. 
I loved the atmosphere, and they had a guy playing spanish guitar in the corner as well. It really was fantastic, save for the ridiculous expense.Great Spanish Tapas at reasonable prices.  Try the amazing Chestnut Soup!I called a head to make and received poor reservation service. I came here with a friend to meet up for dinner. We tried a variety of items and still felt hungry when we left. I recommend getting the octopus and lamb pops.
Our waiter was amazing and so helpful when selecting dishes.had a mid level tequila on the rocks the other day. a very short pour for $15. 2 or 3 small sips-GONE. I hate that!! our octopus tapas was pretty good but IMO over priced as well. my advice - pour a real drink or lower your price.  I guess I'm done with this place.My wife and I visited Philly for the first time and just walked in on a Saturday night at 530.  They were very welcoming even though we were a walk-in with our 5 month old daughter.  Having said that.....  The food was incredible.
We ordered many dishes because they all sounded amazing........ And they were.  The octopus (pulpo) was the most perfectly cooked octopus I ever had (and I work in a professional kitchen.)    It was delicious and tender yet crispy and just amazingly awesome.  The simple arugula salad was seasoned and dressed perfectly and garnished with beautiful figs.  The short ribs were great, as well as the duck rillettes.  The anchovy dish made me want to do a back flip.  They were amazing and deliciously paired with a melon gelee (i think)
The dessert was goo also but portions were a little to small.
I dont think I will ever try a different restaurant when in Philly because this one was THAT good.One of the best meals I've had in awhile. Wish they opened one in NYC. We were in our glory with chixole in hand as well as pulpo, bogadillo, shrimp and patatus (they pour the cheese over the potatoes - amazing) to eat. All of which were fantastic.  Got a cheese platter with aged manchego and quince jam (first time I had it - wonderful compliment to the cheese). Going back again when I'm in Philadelphia.What an amazing culinary experience. We went to Tinto for my birthday and were NOT disappointed. Each dish was more delicious than the last. Because the food is served tapas style, it is meant to be shared and each dish compliments the other. Our favorite dishes were the sausages, the arugula salad, goat cheese plate, and the duck. We dined in the restaurant's lower level dining room. The atmosphere was sensual and intimate. Best of all, I felt very appreciated on my special day. Mission accomplished, honey!My favorite restaurant in the city!
I've been here a couple times, and each time has been amazing. Walked in on Thursday evening here one time, and no wait. Came in on a Wednesday with reservations and had to wait another 20 minutes. 
The food is spectacular. My favorite dish here is the Tuna Tartare - it's served over a croissant and the tuna is in very small pieces that just melts in your mouth.  Other memorable dishes are the duck, the pork belly and the kobe beef. Most of the dishes I've had here come as a pair. Both times I've been here was with one other person, and somewhere between 6-8 plates/tapas are enough. I've tried the red and white sangria here, and the red one is delicious! It has a lot of flavor. Go here and experience it for yourselfAbsolutely perfect for large groups! Made reservations for five people and they sat us in a private dining room. We had our own waiter that was soo knowledgeable and soo passionate about the food and drinks at Tinto and other places he frequents.We made reservations at Tinto so we could bring relatives from out of town somewhere nice, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere was awesome, with wine bottles lining the walls and an exposed brick interior, and the food was incredible. I loved the duck confit and the pork belly in particular, but noted that all of the meat was tender and flavorful. Other favorites were the brussel sprouts, the patatas riojanas, and the marcona almonds. The charcuterie was a delight, too, and my parents seemed to enjoy the sangria greatly. I will definitely be coming back here--I love a good tapas restaurant, and Tinto's Basque influence really sets it apart from the rest.I came on a Friday for happy hour and was really expecting a lot from chef Jose Garces, having been an Iron Chef winner. I ordered red and white sangria which were both excellent and several appetizers which were all underwhelming and very small. The potatoes were well seasoned, but lacked any punch. The beet, goat cheese app and the Serrano ham, griere cheese  bocadillo were both very small and straight forward. For $5 for 2 bites each I exited a little more taste.
The decor was nice, I really liked the corks that made up the wall by the bar.Delicious tapas food, great service, and unique hospitality unstintingly offered by Anthony of TintoThank you very much Anthony