Hidden gem in Northeast Philly! Service, atmosphere and food are all equally amazing. I had the best stuffed salmon of my life at this restaurant! My husband had perfectly cooked octopus. Everything was seasoned perfectly and arrived quickly, and we left bellies full and satisfied. You cannot find anything in the NE quite as good for anywhere close to the price at Tio Pepe's.Excellent restaurant. A gem on the 2nd floor of a corner building in Northeast Philadelphia. The wait staff is professional, and polite. The food is simply delicious and authentic. I had the Paelha Valenciana and it was better than some of the paella I had in Spain! Highly recommended.  
The prices may look high but the dishes serve multiple people so it is well worth the money. As an example, for my dish, it was $32 but it could have fed 4-5 people easily. I suggest coming with your friends and ordering 3-4 different dishes. You won't go home hungry and you will certainly want to come back soon!I am reviewing the restaurant, which is located on the second floor. The entrance is on the side of the building, walk up a flight and enjoy! The sign outside does not reflect the food inside...like it some kind of steak and sea food joint...This is great tasting home made delicious food. They do a good job of making the place look nice, but go there knowing that the tablecloth had a few holes (but was really clean) and the table wobbled a bit. So be there about the friendly staff and the food....wow! I don't know much about Portuguese food, but man I am flying there to eat if this reflects what I can get. The flaming sausage was fun to watch, better to eat. The clams and pork dish, such flavor! And the pitcher(s) of sangria satisfied (eat the wine soaked oranges after the wine is gone). We are awaiting our next trip!The best steakhouse in Northeast Philly! Staff is great! Pleasant, intimate setting. Food is delicious! I love Tio Pepe!!!! Sangria is on point!We found Tio Pepe's restaurant last Saturday night after a quick google search for Portuguese food in the Philly area. It was a bit of lark  - I had a craving for Portuguese food and just happened to be in Philly, so we thought ' let's see if there anything around'.  My love of Portuguese food is deep, and I have been lucky to have sampled Portuguese cuisine in Portugal, in the Azorean islands, and in emigrant communities, like Cambridge, MA, where a couple little excellent Portuguese restaurants exist!  Anyway, Tio Pepe's did not disappoint (either in the way of taste or authenticity)- I know that I will be going to Philly just for Tio Pepe's bacalhau (salt cod, prepared 'a bras' was excellent ), acorda no marisco (a shellfish stew-like dish made with bread, a little hard to describe outside of Portuguese cuisine), salada do polvo (octopus salad, cold) and everything else that I did not get to try!  In addition to the excellent food, the waitstaff were friendly and attentive, and the chef came out to ask us how we liked the food. At the time that we were there, a huge Portuguese family was celebrating a graduation.  It was loud, so a bit hard to tell if the dining room is usually quiet, but it seemed that the bar downstairs from the restaurant might create some noise for diners on weekend nights - that aspect was hard to evaluate. And alas, we were too full from dinner - I can not report on dessert!im a fan of potuguese food. tio pepe is a place that i have been going to for years and i have never been disappointed . the portions of food are huge and the prices are great so come hungry and you will be leaving with a doggy bag . they specialize in seafood which is my favorite ! the bar down stair just got a make over which it was in bad need off! also the upstairs restaurant is really nice and welcoming staff is great . you will not be dissapointed i promise (;Really good food and nice service. 
I recommend the paehla which is plentiful and delicious. My party of six shared two orders. 
We also ordered the grilled octopus and skirt steak specials. The grilled octopus was so soft, cooked perfectly and the steak so Tender, flavorful meat which I would have been satisfied as my entree alone. 
A bit of a trek from the city but was definitely worth itYum yum yum. Fabulous, authentic Portuguese food, with a bar below. Decor a bit tacky and pastry or I would have given it a 5Went last night on the recommendation of Craig Laban. It did not disappoint. In fact, all nine of us were singing it's praises. The paella was a huge hit. The whole branzino was excellent. Great place for a celebration or special occasion. The service was also exceptional. Every morsel was memorable. Go.I went here last night with my boyfriend and we loved it. The restaurant is upstairs and the bar and pool table is downstairs. The music downstairs was played by a jukebox which was great ! It was a Wednesday night and the bar was packed ! The food was a great price for the portions that they give you. I also saw someone order hookah ! Unfortunately we just ate and didn't order any drinks but we definitely will be back !We met the owner while travelling in Portugal and decided to find the restaurant.  We went in thru the bar that had me worried but found the stairs leading to the restaurant.  Food was great.  My husband had the paella which we could have shared.  It was fantastic.  Got a bottle small bottle of red Potugese wine that was a good price at $10.  Will be going back.This restaurant has absolutely amazing cooks! They are as good as it gets when it comes to making food that tastes fresh and homemade. I have tried their steak dishes along with their chicken dishes and their deserts and they  were all delicious.  This restaurant has never failed to give me quality food and the dishes are also very well priced. I recommend this place to everyone I know.Visited one of my favorite restaurants and was a little disappointed. The food was seasoned to perfection as usual but my T-Bone looked as if it was a baby; it was so small! But the Sangria was awesome as was the rest of my meal. The atmosphere is always delightful!Great Portuguese Food, very nice dinning room and the Expresso is Awesome. The bar down stairs is not attractive at all, thank god they have a seperate entrance for the restuarant.  You enter through the side and go up the stairs (like 30) but once you get up there its like a different world.  Joao (John in Portuguese) which is the head waiter is great.  The serve warm bread and black olives, which is typical of a Portuguese Restaurant. I always order the Carne Porca Alentejana (Pork cubes with fried potates, clams, black olives in a tasty sauce) and a side of rice. It is very good (depends on the cook that day it can be Ok or Spectacular) my wife orders Paella which she shares with our daughter - Fantastic.  
Don't be scared by the bar go upstairs and enjou the food.Cozy, homey dining room on the second floor. Got the lulas fritas (calamari) which were probably the best I've had. Perfectly seasoned breading coating a beautifully cooked, tender squid. The spicy marinara it came with wasn't spicy at all to me, but still good. Not chunky, more watery but with a nice tomato taste. Also got the chourico assado (grilled Portuguese sausage) that was brought out and lit in fire which was very cool and gave it a nice burnt flavor. Good sausage, could only finish about 1/4 but still tasty the next day! Saved room for the paelha valenciana! SUCH a big portion!! If you aren't stuffed off of the appetizers, could easily feed 3-4 people. A good amount of clams and mussels, shrimp, very few scallops though, half a lobster and chunks of pork, chicken, sausage, and pork. I feel like next time just getting the seafood version of the paehla is enough since I don't feel like the meat stuff enhanced the dish. But very cooked rice with some veggies - don't forget to mix it up and get the sauce from the bottom! All the food paired deliciously with their house sangria as well. Very fruity taste but also a nice kick if wine, ahhh so refreshing. Will definitely be backI adore Tio Pepe's. The restaurant itself is upstairs from from a dive bar that gets pretty loud. Once you go upstairs though you are transported to a whole new place. The restaurant is cute, quaint and feels like you are eating at someone's grandmother's home. Service was phenomenal and the food is out of this world. They give you warm bread and olives to start. I had bife a portuguesa and my boyfriend had the zarzuela. My steak was cooked perfectly. We also shared a delicious pitcher of sangria. The meal was excellent and prices were very affordable. I will definitely be back soon.The food and service is excellent!!  We had party of 5. The waiter took such good care of us. Three of us had never been there before but the gentleman took the time to explain menu items and made suggestions.  The bread smelled so wonderful and the food just got better from there. Appetizers were calamari salad and also flaming sausage. Delicious!!We had seafood paella .  The sangria was better than most and I m glad we went with the pitcher. We were not rushed to leave. There was a steady flow of customers throughout the night- busier as the night went on!  Parking is difficult !This place is worth the trip from center city Phily. Its authentic food hefty portions and very reasonable prices.It's great seafood. It's really a hidden gem in Philly. It has a bar in the first floor and restaurant on second floor, it got a good environment.Yesterday my husband and I went to Tio Pepe at Castor Ave, NE Philly. The restaurant has 2 floors - a bar area on a first floor and a beautiful dinning area on a second with its own private entrance. We went there for a dinner, so we stayed at the 2nd floor. I would love to mention that the decor is very cute and elegant, fresh flowers on each table, white tablecloths. 
Let's now talk about the main reason why everyone goes bananas about this place. The FOOD. It was amazing, like food made from home. Truly Portuguese food. I had Arroz De Marisco - the combination of clams, mussels, shrimp, and scallops in their famous tomato brandy sauce with rice. I paid only $16 for this rich dish with plenty of seafood in and very authentic sauce. My husband got Bife A Portuguesa ($18 for a huge portion) - grilled steak with a lot of crispy chips, ham and  sunny side up egg on a top. So yammmmy. I tasted his dish and I am not even sure which one I adore more. The steak was juicy and perfectly cooked. Both were incredible, fresh and with a lot of flavor. 
So since we really enjoyed our experience and we live only 15 min away, definitely see you soon Pio Peppe!Awesome to have found an authentic Portuguese restaurant in Philly that's not a rodizio! Brought the in-laws here for mother's day and they absolutely loved it! Flavors were spot on authentic and menu options are great. So happy to have found this place.Downstairs is a bar - so if you are here for a meal, head up the narrow staircase located in the back of the bar. 
Upstairs was decorated homely and festive for the holiday season. They have a menu with plenty of options, and service was always ever so polite.
My friend and I ordered the seafood paella ($28) and it was more than enough for the two of us, and could have easily fed three.
They also had lots of suggestions for us when we asked (though we just stuck to the one paella since it was so big)
They bring out bread and butter and a plate of olives, too.
Nice variety to have in the philly area!The food and service is excellent!!  We had party of 5. The waiter took such good care of us. Three of us had never been there before but the gentleman took the time to explain menu items and made suggestions.  The bread smelled so wonderful and the food just got better from there. Appetizers were calamari salad and also flaming sausage. Delicious!!We had seafood paella .  The sangria was better than most and I m glad we went with the pitcher. We were not rushed to leave. There was a steady flow of customers throughout the night- busier as the night went on!  Parking is difficult !Not bad for a mom and pop restaurant . Our server was very nice and polite. Food is great it has that rustic really Portuguese aroma and taste on the food unlike the others. Not a fan of the ambience but the food compensates for it . I don't mind coming back here once in awhile.Went last night on the recommendation of Craig Laban. It did not disappoint. In fact, all nine of us were singing its praises. The paella was a huge hit. The whole branzino was excellent. Great place for a celebration or special occasion. The service was also exceptional. Every morsel was memorable. Go.It's a good place, but beware of the first floor has a bar with plenty of bad customers, good food and good service!!!!Best Spanish food in northeast philly. The restaurant itself has a separate entrance, you walk up these really sketchy steps and into a hallway where you turn left and boom you are greeted with a very nice welcoming atmosphere that is similar to Olive Garden. The food here is excellent the average price a person with drinks I'd say is around $30, which isn't bad for the quality of the food you're getting. I highly recommend the chicken with the cream sauce & the sangria.This place truly has some amazingly authentic Portuguese food. It's such a cute spot for any kind of date, friend date, family date, an actual date. The service is a bit on the slow side, but it's a Portuguese restaurant. Enough said.All I can say is Omg...Freaking amazing prices were cheap for the quality and portion size . I live in the surburs and it was worth the drive into the city.I loved it there. Amazing environment and very nice ambiance, positive attitude and very well mannered  (and i do mean everyone serving, not just one person).
The food was great, good serving sizes, tasty and nothing to complain about. As an originally Portuguese person, i loved coming here and reminisce about my "culture" and food. 
Will definitely come back!!!The food was very tasty, the seafood fresh and the sangria was good. The portions are huge, for 4 adults you only need 2 entrées. This was our first visit and it will not be our last.We went to check out the paella and to compare it to another place we've tried. Well Tio Pepe outdid the other place and was way cheaper. The rice was very flavorful and the seafood was fresh. We will be back.I am currently obsessed with Tio Pepes. Never mind that the area its in is a bit shady, or the fact that the first floor bar looks like jack in the box threw up in someones basement, the restaurant upstairs is pretty and will take you to another world. 
To start off, they give you crispy Portuguese rolls, butter, and olives. They make a mean margarita and delicious red sangria for those that need their liquor fix. 
For dinner, I have had the grilled salmon (outstanding) which is served with a salad, saffron rice and boiled vegetables; Grilled shrimp which is served in its shell with an AMAZING orange sauce on the side, and cut up homemade potato chips-Delicious. 
My husband usually has the Steak and Shrimp, or the Zarzuela which is the mixed seafood dish served in a white wine garlic sauce and shown in the picture above. 
I would definitely recommend this place if you want good authentic Portuguese food. Don't let the neighborhood stop you.The food here is incredible! We will definitely return. A keeper for sure! You can not beat the price. I especially love the octopus salad, Cod fritters and the spices shrimp. The clams in garlic butter and wine sauce were amazing!Yes it is in a shady area, yes the music can be loud and distracting,  competing with the various tvs, yes the service is always welcoming and friendly and yes the food is always soooo good. From the complementary olives and the bread and butter to the perfectly seasoned pork chop or seafood, I don't think you can go wrong ordering here. The food is well seasoned, never bland. I've never been to the dining area, only to the bar to eat during soccer games, but each time the food and service was excellent. It's a great place to watch a game or meet a diverse diners/drinkers with unique and friendly personalities.This restaurant is a hidden jewel. We got the paella and there was enough to feed 4 ppl. Myself and my son shared and had loads to take home also. And I can't say enough about the sangria! It was the best I have ever had. The steaks were huge and very good as my dinner companions can attest to.My husband and I visited Tio Pepe (TP) for my birthday dinner.  The restaurant is around the corner from the bar.  It opens up in a whole new world with linens, heavy silverware, street lamps, and ceramic art decor.  It's was beautifully quaint.
On to the food, the octopus salad and calamari as appetizers.  I try calamari everywhere I go, this is the 3rd best.  The octopus salad was like no other I have ever had.  It was tender and flavorful.  If you've had octopus salad before you know it can end up like small rubber discs but not at TP.  Our main entrees were zarzuela and paella.  The paella (incorrect spelling sorry) was enough to feed 3 adults large portions or 4 adults regular portions.  The seafood was fresh and not over cooked.  The flavors were excellent.
The zarzuela, oh that broth.  I could go on for hours but I won't.
We had the chocolate mousse and my daughter called the restaurant (she is away at college) ordered a dessert and asked them to say happy birthday to me.  Epic!
The staff were wonderful and the other patrons seemed to really enjoy themselves as well.  Go to Tio Pepe you will not be disappointed.
Oh and don't forget to get the Portuguese soda.Nothing out of this world! Decent food and the ambience is very neutral staff seems like there uptight but I can only say because of my server was like that idk but didn't make me want to returnMuito bon!   Afternoon lunch, just two other tables occupied.
Pleasant. Upstairs dining with cloth napkins, table cloths, flowers and efficient excellent service.
The paella seasoning was flavorful, beautifully plated and cooked to order.
My friend devoured his salmon salad.  Both portions HUGE, excellent value.Always our GO TO for special occasions or for when we want something different. This place is so unique - you either "get it" or you don't.  Try it and see.  Our party of 11 shared a few appetizers (garlic shrimp) 4 pitchers of the Sangria (I prefer the white - not as sweet). Most of us ordered paella (tonight it was five star/ it has been dry in the past) and a few ordered the suckling pig and steak.  They loved their meals as well. We all took home half our paella entrees.  We ordered an entire pine nut roll to share.  The only complaint was the bread was a bit stale.  Might have been the wrong day for fresh bread delivery.Well, they certainly have increased their prices this year.  I had a seafood salad, cheapest thing on the menu, for $13.  Chocolate mousse for $4.95!  1/2 carafe of wine for $7.  Espresso for 1.50. Too bad the whole fish (pargo) went for $20 or I would have had it.  Anyway, a full-course salad meal for over $30 (including tip)?  No thanks.  Food was good. Service was good. Atmosphere was good.  Neighborhood sucks.The best Portuguese food in Philly. The portions are large and the service is top notch. My go to is the octopus salad, paella vallencia or the pork chops. Their serradura dessert is the right balance and not too sweet. Prices here are about half the price than Center City.Great vibe!!! Good food!!! Paella is great!!! Pork chop!!!!!!!!! Seafood is amazing!!!They served my husband a rotten steak it smelled so bad. But the waitress didnt charge us for it. Food is somewhat great . BUT WILL NOT RETURN FOR NOW.!Mother's Day lunch wad spectacular. The service was outstanding. Everyone was polite, and the servings were HUGE. We had to finish everything at home because our baby was tired. Otherwise, we would have finished everything at the restaurant. Excellent service, serving sizes and very clean. I loved it.Good food! Buy all the time from here for company events! They deliver well on large occasions and food is definitely tasty and different from other cuisines!This a hidden gem in NE Philly! Do not be turned off by the outside, the inside is great and the service and food are outstanding. If you like Mediterranean food (Portuguese) you will not be disappointed. Definitely 5 stars!!!OMG!!! The best pahella I've had in a while!!!
Be warned, it's in a shitty location but don't let that scare you!! It's a bar on the first floor. Seems fun. On the side of the building though there's a separate entrance for upstairs, which is the actual restaurant. 
The restaurant is so quaint and cozy, it feels like I'm in my Portuguese mother's house. But oh my goodness, the pahella is to die for!! It's  a HUGE portion. Enough to feed up to four people. They are generous with the seafood, the meats, and a serve you a chunk of lobster. LIke it's supposed to be! It's not over powered with veggies. The rice was soft and in a wonderful broth. Even better my food came out in a very reasonable time. Had a Portuguese soda, it was ehh. 
Def new favorite spot to eat. You have to go here if you want some great pahella. You wont regret it. Owner is nice too. I left my purse, picked it up next day, nothing was missing and he even remembered my name. Just a wonderful atmosphere for dinner!Intimate, exquisite, and classy. Very nice spot for dinner...The waiter I had was very nice and helpful. The filet mignon was the greatest steak I have ever had in my life: I definitely recommended treating yourself to it!! I've tried different dishes on their menu and I must say they are all cooked very well. I feel that the chefs take their time (but not too much time) and focus on cooking high quality food. 
I will certainly stop by this restaurant again to have their filet mignon.First time here, the food was great! We went when it was very busy, so service was a bit slow, but I can't fault them for that. 
The restaurant is tucked away in the northeast and situated above a bar that plays nothing but house music. So, you may not have a totally quiet dining experience. The only other downside was lack of parking, but, again, not their fault. I'd recommend making a reservation since the space is small.Great vibe!!! Good food!!! Paella is great!!! Pork chop!!!!!!!!! Seafood is amazing!!!Have a good time here with a few coworkers, the place was family style seating an very comfortable so much that we were there at least 3 hours and we had the best Pitcher of Sangria (yum) it was so flavorful. I ordered the seafood bisque which was smooth an delicious. I also ordered the stuffed crabmeat salmon with fried plantains. I salmon was slightly over cooked an stuff with a seafood flavored stuffing. I did expect to see crabmeat but the stuffing was good also. The girls ordered the grilled calamari an another ordered lamb chops which looked amazing. They ordered clams as well an the butter garlic broth in the clams was good for dipping your bread.Our first time here and we ordered paella, shrimp & garlic sauce and chicken in garlic sauce with rice and potatoes. Ordered takeout and everything was delicious! Just wish there was more scallops - it's been noted here before that the portion is huge so if you're sharing more scallops would be nice. Also, that wonderful bread? We didn't get any so the luscious sauce wasn't soaked up properly. 
Worth a second trip!We ate in the bar our first time, we didn't know the restaurant was upstairs. The second time was just as great as the first. Quantity and quality of food is outstanding. Wait staff were few but it was slow on Wednesday night. A diamond in the ruff for certain. The owner tends bar downstairs so say hello and let her know how pleased you were.I love this place.  Sometimes making a drive just to go there for some meat or fish.  They are trully cooking, you can tell that by the way it tastes.  We are not talking about tons of prepped stuff that gets cooked by someone who can only read directions on a package.
Rolls are wonderful, the potato chips are to die for, safron rice is a must.
Don't forget the sangria.This spot is truly a gem in Northeast Philly! The paella is packed with flavor and seafood goodness. Enough to share with two or even three people.Great food, good service! Had salmon dish which was perfectly coocked, and the best sangria ever! Its a very peaceful setting upstairs.
Will return.It was in Portuguese but i ordered the surf & turf--lobster tail & steak rice & broccoli with a couple glasses of white Zinfandel..everything was super goodeven thou my meal was about 60 bucks. the food is a little pricey but somehow worth it. its the price u pay anywhere for quality food & the girls that work there---- very beautifulMy favorite dining pal, http://yelp.com/user_details?userid=Lrs2ahfuTY40gjPvjivnuw, took me here last eve. I'm relatively unfamiliar with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese_cuisine & trying new things is always fun. They brought us a few rolls, which were fresh & tasty and which we should've saved for all the dipping dishes yet to come. We started with CHOURICO ASSADO / $13 / "Grilled Portuguese sausage" - http://yelp.com/biz_photos/tio-pepe-restaurant-and-bar-philadelphia?select_video=aDwhzRku009J9M4KMXj7hQ; the chouriço (my favorite meat) was prepared at the table by our server, who used a traditional Portuguese sausage roaster to heat it over flaming brandy - an unexpected & excellent presentation and one I highly recommend. Our main course comprised 2 dishes. We had MARISCADA / $24 / "Combination of lobster, clams, mussels, shrimp and scallops in our tomato brandy sauce"; although the shellfish was fresh, I don't recall seeing any scallops - not a big deal - in there, but perhaps they didn't have fresh ones to serve; I found, though, that the tomato sauce was rather bland; I wouldn't order this dish again. We also had BIFE A PORTUGUESA / $20 / "Grilled shell steak seasoned and topped with a fried egg and cooked ham" AND freshly made & delicious 'potato chips', which apparently is a thing in Portuguese cuisine - http://yelp.com/biz_photos/tio-pepe-restaurant-and-bar-philadelphia?select=7TCkemmHKwEJISQn96BD5g; the chef prepared it medium (doneness), as we requested; it was served in a bowl with a smattering of lightly pickled (using vinegar) vegetables and a broth, which I found quite tasty (albeit slightly too salty for my taste) & for which I needed more rolls to sop it all up; I recommend it. The wait staff was cordial & very attentive, making for a pleasant meal. We briefly had a pleasant conversation with one of the owners (two brothers), who hails from Portugal. Overall, it was a very nice meal & I'd go back again. Thanks, Salve!The food portion was a good amount.  My bf had the stuffed salmon, all it had was two pieces of salmon with a crabcake in the middle. He did not even eat it all. I had the rice, with mussels, calms, shrimp and scallops. It was okay. The shrimp didnt have favor and there was only two scallops out of the whole pot.My family and I went for Saturday lunch to try the paella everyone raves about. We had  the flaming sausage/Valencia paella/sardines/shrimp pasta/octopus. Everything was great but the paella wasn't. The paella lacked flavor and was still way too wet. The sardines and octopus were the best.We went on a Saturday night- called about an hour before to reserve a table and was glad I did as the place filled up. the atmosphere was very welcoming- cozy with nice decor and very friendly staff. The food was delicious. The fried calamari was very crunchy, the rest of my party liked it a lot, I thought it was a bit too crunchy and it was missing tentacles which are usually my favorite part. The cheese and prosciutto appetizer was delicious- creamy cheese and salty meat. 2 of us got steaks which were topped with fried eggs and cooked perfectly. 2 of us shared the pahela with seafood and meat. It was amazing- we ate our fill and had enough to take some home. The seafood was plentiful and the rice was so flavorful. We will definitely return.A friend of mine suggested this restaurant/bar because they had good food. It primarily serves Portuguese cuisines so the menu is in Portuguese with English description right under it. 
The restaurant operates on the second floor with the first floor being a full bar. Bartenders are great, knowledgeable and friendly, especially Mel who was essential in suggesting a couple food items. 
I opted to order from the bar because I was already having a beer there. My first order was a plate of wings were that were amazing ! I have since ordered the wings multiple times there. I also ordered the grelhada steak, amazing and full of flavor.  It came with rice and a side of beans. The beans didn't really have much flavor , which Prompted me to season it with salt to make it better. Alas, the salt was precisely what was needed. 
I hope to come back and try some more plates because this place is truly promising.Oh holy paelha. 
This paelha (no, I didn't spell 'paella' wrong, 'paelha' is the Portuguese spelling) is gigantic and delicious. It could feed at least 3 people, maybe 4. And the $28 valenciana has half a lobster in it, plus all sorts of chicken, pork, sausage, and shellfish. I'm not sure money can buy better paelha, at least in Philadelphia. If you go to Tio Pepe's and order the paelha, you don't need to order anything else. But the octopus salad was good too. The Portuguese rolls were served nice and warm, and they also brought out a dish of black olives, Mediterranean-style. 
Just a tip, the restaurant is upstairs so don't walk into the bar on the corner downstairs. You have to walk a little bit away from Castor Ave (yeah, kind of a scary prospect, I know) and enter through the other door toward the back.Bad bad start. They had no lime for my corona and the server was very short. The rolls were kaisers rolls cut in half.   My medium rare steak came out rare and the waitress tried to tell me that it was medium rare when only one side was clearly cooked.   The paella was cold and I felt it was cooked in another container and poured into the paella pan for serving since the pan itself was luke warm at best. Save yourself the money and have mcdonalds instead, you'll be way more satisfied.  I don't ever do reviews on yelp but this experience was so poor that it compelled me to write this review from the point in which I sat down. The only way I can give thanks to tgi restaurant is compelling me to the point of writing my first yelp review.Welcoming atmosphere.  Very clean restaurant  with hospitable staff.  The food was amazing.  Beautiful  presentation,  great quality and absolutely delicious.  Will definitely  go back for paella.My boyfriend and I decided to try a new spot for seafood paella and we were very happy with it.  The rice was very flavorful and moist. I wasn't a fan of the scallops, tasted a little too salty for my preference and fishy. 
For appetizers we got the shrimp if spicy garlic sauce which was good, maybe the shrimp were over cooked a little? As well as the fried calamari which I was not a fan of. 
The sangria was delicious. 
The service was good and our waiter was friendlyVery nice restaurant with great food. The bread is served warm, and the meat was flavored perfectly. My only issue was the side of vegetables -- they were completely tasteless.
The staff were really friendly and helpful. We had a group of 14 there for family celebration, and the waitress was willing to do separate checks for each family party. 
Door to the restaurant is on the side street (Fanshawe)I have been here many of times! I moved out of the state and i had to write a review because I miss Tio Pepes food so much. It's one of the best Portuguese restaurants there is in the whole northeast area. Their clams in white wine and garlic sauce is a MUST! I'm just going to list some of my favorite dishes that i miss so much. My mouth just waters thinking about it. So here it goes: Rice with Shrimps, which come in a caserole, Their stuffed shrimp lobster, shrimps in garlic sauce and their salmón with vegetables. You guys have to try this place seriously. They have a bar in the first floor and restaurant in the second floor. You can also eat at the bar. Enjoy!Sluttiest bartenders pricey andbi don't like being check when I walkt in waitress took forever half naked slutty looking bad service kerioky was funny but after half an hour of a screaming drunk it's now annoyingWe had the best paella last night.  The restaurant is clean, staff friendly and the food is terrific.What a surprise. I never would have try it-but, glad we did! We were there with a party of about 8. We order appetizers and sangria. D E L I C I O U S!! 
The octopus and garlic shrimp were fantastic!! I wasn't overly impressed with my steak-but, by then I was so full from the sangria and appetizers, it didn't matter. We also got sausage grilled at the table. Everyone enjoyed that too (I didn't have any.).
Service was a bit slow. Normally, wouldn't have mattered, however, we did have some folks that needed to head out early.
We enjoyed our time.
The side door is the best way in and out.Tio Pepe is my Best Kept Secret!! I Love the food and the staff is Awesome!! I been coming here for numerous years and its alway Great!! Don't drink to much cause the stairs is scary when Drunk! Lol..I rate this as a pretty good Iberian/Portuguese restaurant.  Very good service in an out of the way spot.  The staff is professional and personable,  meals are great.   My comparison is the Great Nationaly known Iberian/Portuguese/Brazilian restaurants of down kneck Newark, NJ, this is comparable. KUDOS to the owner next time in Philly we will be back!I've been here a few times I go every year for my wedding anniversary. They have the best paella I've ever had. The homemade sangria is delicious too.i came here with my boyfriend and his family, who are half Portuguese.
AUTHENTIC and DELICIOUS.
they served us fresh Portuguese rolls, hot and soft. so good!
the fried calamari was amazing.
the paella(sp?) was humongous, could def. feed four people.
and they had sumal, which was good.
the only thing that wasn't pleasent was that the server was real slow. we spent like about 2-3 hours there, im not even exaggerating.(all spent waiting for him to finally come over, him to take our order, and EVENTUALLY giving us our bill!)Excellent food it was hot when it come to the table. would definitely go there again but there was no parking .wait staff was very friendly .we got our food in a timely matter .I did not like one thing the hostess did not want to sit us because he had a big party coming in .but he did after I told him that I called earlier and he said that they were not taking any reservations and had some tables availablecute Portuguese restaurant in the same area as many other brazilian and Portuguese shops and restaurants. They have a good size menu offering meats, seafood, pasta and app/soups/salads. We went for lunch round 1:20pm. We were the only table seated or in the upstairs part of the restaurant. (There is a bar and restaurant on the ground floor which I believe serves too but I didn't ask). The main dining room is on the second story. The food was so amazing, so maybe the restaurant was empty because it was a weekday holiday? They started us with fresh black olives and bread. The codfish cake appetizer was so crispy and fresh but I would have liked some dipping sauce. For entrees we ordered the codfish Tio Pepe - served with chips it was a delicious traditional preparation. Great texture on the codfish. 
Mariscalda- The favorite of the meal! As seen the in the photos it came with a lovely 1/2 lobster, almost a pound of shrimp, and about 5 clams and 5 mussels. The big hot pot lasted me 3 meals!! (Leftovers). Highly recommended. 
Tip- Lunch & Dinner Menu and portions are the same prices and offerings. 
Little market along a strip of other Portuguese restaurants and shops. They have a great international variety with favorites from Portugal and Brazil, but they do carry some cheap "knock off" import products. They also don't have heat for their employees which I felt bad for standing by the cold entrance ringing people up in their winter coats. I will only be back for those products I cannot find elsewhere.Amazing hidden gem right in Philly! Came here with my hubby after reading the great reviews it received. The previous reviews are right-do not judge this place based off of the outside! We walked up a huge flight of stairs and we're in a quaint little dining room where only one other family was eating dinner. We ordered a pitcher of sangria (a definite must!!!!) and the portugese sausage for an appetizer. What an awesome presentation! Our server lit the sausage on fire at the table and actually grilled it right in front of us, and even paused to let us take some pictures. And oh. My. God. Was it good!!!! My boyfriend ordered the porterhouse steak with garlic and I ordered their chicken special which came in a delicious garlic wine sauce. Their saffron rice was perfectly cooked, beans were delicious, tostones fried perfectly and there was not a single crumb on our table left by the time we were done! Prices were so reasonable, such a comfortable atmosphere, we will absolutely be back!!!