Food is above average with small portions. Menu is very limited and rating so far is a bit misrepresented. Small selection of beer on tap for a bar. Overall trendy place but it is small and can only fit maybe 40-50. Overall newer trendy bar with above average food but nothing special.I came here on a Saturday evening for an early dinner with a friend and thought it was okay.
We each ordered a beer off the modest Draft List. I ordered the Veggie Burger (southwestern spiced black bean patty topped with pickled red onions, sliced avocado, lettuce, and tomato) with house fries. The burger was okay, but nothing special.
We were sitting at 1 of only 3 occupied tables at the time, but the service was not great; our server was not particularly warm or friendly.
Tipsy Bistro is super close to my office, so I'll probably be back to try a different vegetarian dish, and I hope that experience is better.So happy we stumbled onto this gem. Sorta food snobs and their brunch was awesome! Great job!I would like to thank the staff and the manager at Tipsy Bistro.  Called in an order of lemon pepper wings with an excellent side dish of fried cauliflower Sat there and had Great conversation with some of the regulars and some kick ass wings. Good menu for daily dining or late night munchies. I'll be back for sure.  
Plus they stay open til 2.Came here on my walk home after work one day, I had been wanting to try it after walking by it multiple times when it recently opened up. The outside decor is adorable lots of outdoor seating with large open windows to the inside. I got one of the draft beers and a burger which were both good, nothing out of the ordinary but a good meal! They had a lot of interesting options for appetizers and entrees. The service was also fairly quick even though they were a bit busy for a week night. Would definitely come back here and be interested in trying the brunch! Worth stopping by to check it outThis is my new favorite brunch spot!  I went for brunch with my boyfriend on a sunny Saturday morning and we sat on the patio.  Not only is the food amazing, but they offer bottomless mimosas for $20 per person with an entree.  The server was attentive and kept the mimosas coming before we ever had to ask for another round.  We're excited to return for dinner sometime!This place is literally a hidden gem. It was a little confusing to locate but that may have just been from Siri's bad directing lol. Anyways, I believe this spot is new. It's on the other side of the building that Wahoo's is in 
(for those who might also get lost trying to find it). My boyfriend and I are always trying out new places and taking advantage of the diversity of cuisine in Philly. This was chosen next on the list because of it's convenience next to Drexel's campus, and we didn't want to travel far for food at 11pm. 
Immediately as we entered, the rustic interior grabbed my attention. It's sooo cute. And for a Friday night, it wasn't busy at all...which was great for us! I should note that they also were playing the NBA playoffs on tv. We got takeout, but next time we will definitely be eating in! 
I got the veggie burger, which was amazing. It tasted just like a beef burger and was loaded with flavor. My boyfriend got the chicken slider. It was basically just a fancy chicken cheesesteak, but he still enjoyed it. Both orders came with seasoned fries, which were also fried and seasoned to perfection. Definitely try out this place, you won't regret it!
**Shameless promotion but follow our food page @ntfoodies on IG for more ideas for delicious food places in Philly and beyond. Updated daily :)(4.5 stars) I'm a huge fan. It's new and still trying to figure some things out (beer selection, specials, etc.) but it has that authentic neighborhood feel and the staff couldn't be friendlier: not too much seating, a warm welcome, and sports on the tv. Oh and the wings are legit, seriously. Plus they have happy hour 5-7...and 10-12...every day.
Das hot may be the best wings I've had in the city so far, though lemon pepper is a very close second. The other flavors are nothing to shake a stick at either. The parmesan garlic is probably my least favorite (I guess BWW's sauce has a special place in heart) but with seven or so options, it's not too consequential.When I tell you the food is amazing... 
My reaction to this establishment is like anyone's reaction to the infinity wars; speechless.
The chef is a black female which means she adds soul (seasoning) to her food. The staff were super nice and attentive. The $20 bottomless mimosa are always a steal and their whiskey selection is superb. Gotta check it out!Tipsy Bistro was absolutely amazing. Every person on staff had such a positive attitude that it felt like breakfast at home. From being greeted with a smile to checking in on the food, everything was immaculate. The food, yes lawd! The food was perfectly seasoned, plentiful in amount and came to our table within minutes. Add this all on top of bottomless mimosas and you have a very dope brunch experience. Must go!!!!Nice little restaurant.  Quick friendly service.  Enjoyed the roasted duck poutine which was very tasty with the duck fat.  Also loved the shrimp BLT.  Will be back to try the rest of the menu.My husband and I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of the Tipsy Bistro as we live in the same building.  Today we went for brunch and it was wonderful.  The staff was attentive without being overbearing, the decor was just the right match of informal and comfortable.  As for food, my favorite meal is an old fashioned hamburger (which all to often is pre-packaged and bland) cooked well done.  They aced it!  Just the right spices in the paddy, the sautéed onions complemented it, and the BBQ sauce added the right amount of zing without being overpowering.  Sean had the red velvet pancakes and loved them.  He is from Europe and there the pancakes are a bit heavier than here and that the way they were made.  Just the right amount of topping on them.  Again, with so many foods the toppings can overpower the underlying flavor - they didn't here.  So if you want a great meal at a fair price try Tipsy Bistro, you won't be disappointed.  Sean and I now have a place where we can get a quick meal after work or after a Saturday morning sleep in.It's alright but not the best. I appreciate it for the effort of putting together a good menu, but it felt amateurish.
Let's start with the good. The atmosphere and seating are good; fun, casual and still intimate. I had the ribeye steak that was seasoned and cooked well with a nice peppercorn sauce. The truffle fries are good, though I I fund them a few shades too soft and might need a little longer in the fryer.
Areas for improvement: the seasoned fries were not that good. The spice mix was fine, but the fry wasn't very good. The side of plain broccoli leaves a lot to be desired. And service could use some improvement. One server in particular was just silent. She put drinks and food down at our table without any announcement. Just basic service stuff.Dinner was delicious and fresh! Pasta primavera was delicious! And the guava Bellini was the best cocktail in town! We will be back!We stopped in for date night.  Wade, our waiter, was amazing.  Very personable and made really good recommendations.  The owner stopped by multiple times to ensure we were satisfied, too!  Now the food...we had the blue cheese burger which fabulous..and I don't like blue cheese anything!  The wings were crispy and the heat was just enough and not overwhelming.  The fries were good,  too.  Then the pineapple bread pudding and the fried cheese cake...sooooo good!  Now for the drinks - I had the pineapple mojito..super good!  Needless to say we will be back and maybe to try their brunch!   You will not be disappointed here!Great service and food! The portions are good and I left feeling satisfied and happy! Not much to complain about here.Dope spot. Feel like it's a lot more affordable than the previous supper spot that was here. Not much about the decor has changed. Solid draft list, attentive service, and not that packed. Enjoyed my experience. Recommend the loaded fries. Entree portions are good too.I really like the food here but I was greatly disappointed by my chicken and waffle meal. It was stale and old. Every time I've been there the food has been fresh but towards the end of their brunch time maybe I was given old food. I hope this changes because this is a good place to have good food and drinksWe had brunch on Saturday. Wonderful food. Unique taste to the sweet potato waffles - my husband loved them! The Cobb Salad was fresh and filling. We will definitely return on our next Philly visit.Great restaurant! Try the chicken grinder, the fries with it are excellent. Great service too!I went here with a few friends last weekend for brunch and we had a GLORIOUS time. As soon as walked in, the staff was very welcoming and kind. Everyone was very impressed and satisfied by their meals. The ambience was so pleasant. We will definitely be returning!!!!! ( the chicken and waffles are fantastic)The shrimp BLT was so bomb yall! It was so good, I ended up trying to re create the meal for dinner the other day. I say yes to Tipsy Bistro!
I came here and service was wonderful. The restaurant is kinda small. It has a seating and bar area. They offer brunch and dinner. We really wanted brunch but ended up having to settle for what we thought was gonna be medicore dinner but we were wrong. The food was delicious.
So yeah, I ordered the shrimp BLT it came with housemade chips. Our waiter explained that it takes two days to make their chips and fries cause they soak them overnight to remove the starch and then they fry them the next day. I also tried the Asian Sesame wings and they were good too. It came with housemade ranch dressing. Yes they put some love in their food.
Overall I look forward to coming back. Their menu is creative and exciting!Love this place!  The food has been great every time I'm here. Great beer and liquor choices. The staff is also great and very attentive!  They have an awesome happy hour and an even better late night happy hour!I went for the first time today and I'll definitely come back soon! Happy hour runs M-F 5 to 7. Great appetizers; hummus was flavorful with warm naan, and the delicious cheesesteak egg rolls were clearly house-made. Staff attentive and asked if we had allergies/diet restrictions. Get their burgers! Their 5 oz, $5 burger for happy hour was insane; would go back just for that.I had the shrimp BLT and it was tasty but a little messy.  A couple toothpicks or a hoagie roll instead of a burger bun would go a long way.
I normal feel meh about chips as a side but whatever they season the chips with are delicious so yay, more chips!
The margarita was delicious. Perfect balance of tart and sweetWent here to try their brunch as their menu looked unique and good! My friend and I got the smoked salmon scramble and peach cobbler French toast. And they were kind of disappointing and did not taste as good as we were hoping. Overall, service wasn't super great either. The restaurant wasn't busy and our waitress barely came to us.First of all the atmosphere! Second of all the drinks?!? Yes! Third? Lauren the best server ever. She's so amazing pays attention to details and is young and vibrant. I really wanted to ask her to come and sit and have a drink with us! Best brunch in all of Philadelphia!Great food, though service was slow--overwhelmed due to double whammy of Penn graduation and Mother's Day.My boyfriend and I decided to have a little baecation in Philly this weekend for a concert and OF COURSE we had to brunch. We found this place on Yelp and it had pretty great reviews and $20 bottomless mimosas so we figured we would stop by. 
First off, the rustic decor and vibe of this place is perfect. It's chill yet still fun. The entire staff was attentive to our needs and checked on us often (but not too much), kept my water full and my mimosas flowing. I took a peek at their happy hour deals and stuff as well, which looked great. They even have $5 cheese burgers. 
The food.... BABY.... was bomb. We met two of our friends here so I got to grab a few photos of different things. I had the shrimp and grits which were great. The shrimp were seasoned well and the grits were solid. My boyfriend has the chicken and waffles. We were both a bit skeptical at first because we have never had a sweet potato waffle, but it was sooooo good and the chicken as crispy and seasons tenders, so no worries about the bones. Another friend got the Huevos Rancheros and loved her meal as well.
Overall, def give this place a try. The service, food, and ambiance are all worth it. S/o to Wade as in water for holding it down.Food and drinks were great, we got there late and the kitchen was closing but they were nice enough to open it back up for us!! Me and my girlfriend will be back to try their brunch!This place is great! I went with my Manager who was visiting from out of town. We started with a bunch of apps including the buffalo wings, cheesesteak egg rolls, Vietnamese rolls and empanadas. They were all fabulous, the empanadas were probably my favorite while my Manager loved the wings. We then got the fried cheesecake, I love sweets and I can honestly say it was one of the best deserts I have ever had. Picture the best cheese danish you have had on steroids...I am still thinking about it. The staff and atmosphere are so welcoming, we had a blast! I can't wait to go back to try the other things on the menu as well as to hit up brunch which I have heard awesome things about!I had a great experience here about 2 weeks ago. It was a Sunday night so not too busy, I sat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive & pleasant. From the bar you can see straight into the kitchen which I LOVE. You can see all the food being prepared & the cleanliness. I had the primavera pasta with shrimp, absolutely delicious!! The sun dried tomatoes are a nice touch. The portion was huge & I took half of it home. For my app I had the rice flour fried cauliflower, yum yum, I'd get this again in a heart beat, the batter was so light and it had a good sauce on the side. I ordered sweet chili wings & empanadas to go for my boyfriend. That's where they lost a star, the chicken was a little under I had to put them in the oven to finish. The empanadas were good but mostly crust not much filling at all, not worth the money. The drinks were good & reasonably priced. I can't wait to return!Love, love, love this place! The wings are amazing. They're crispy and pop with flavor. If you like spicy, go with the ghost wings. The shrimp BLT was also great with nice seasoning. Oh, and you have to try the chicken and waffles...delicious! Stop in and give this place a try. So many great options on the menu! Can't wait to come back and try the red velvet pancakes.Great atmosphere for dinner and drinks and everything I've tried on the menu so far has been great. Can't wait to try the place out for brunch!I visited here on Monday, October 22nd at about 8:30PM and it was just me.  The bar was full, so I was seated at a table. 
The atmosphere is casual and cool.  Monday Night football was playing, and because of that they had all night happy hour.  
I got two happy hour food specials as my meal.  First, I had the the House Hummus with Naan.  I'm not sure what the house hummus was on that day; however, it was fabulous and I loved it.  The bread was baked to perfection.  The hummus portion was generous.
The second item I had was the Cheesesteak Eggrolls, which were also top of the line.
My server was kind of acting like that she really did not want to be there on that night.  She wasn't rude; however, was very indifferent.  
I would definitely return again sometime, based on the food alone.After parking on Walnut for free, it was a Sunday YAY,  we trekked down the street to the bar to watch the Eagles get abused by the Vikings.  I ordered a vodka martini up which was made by the bartender shaking it  like he was trying to kill a mouse with the ice.  It arrived with thumb size chunks of ice in the glass (no dead mouse however) which I had to remove by hand. When will these guys figure out that  chunks of ice in an up drink are not what folks are looking for.  Anyway, the wife had a Tipsy Mule (Stateside Vodka, Infused Ginger, Soda, Lime) which was awesome.  We ordered the Ahi Poke (Tuna, seaweed, sesame, scallions, soy, honey, red onions topped with chipotle and parm drizzle.) which was outstanding.  We then each had a beer to drown the sorrows of the loss.
It was Happy Hour:
Drink: 5pm-7pm
$4-5 Draft Beer, $6 Draft Wine, $7 Cocktail
Food: 5pm-7pm / 10pm-12am
$2 Off Starters, $5 Cheeseburger
Can't beat a Sunday early evening Happy Hour.  We got out of there for less than $50 and didn't have to pay the parking authority.  WIN-WIN.
NB. The bartender was hitting on a young woman at the bar who was clearly not interested in any of his advances.  He gave her his phone number against her protestations. Made me feel icky and it certainly made the young woman uncomfortable.  She couldn't get out of there fast enough. Get your dates on your own time dude, not at your job.I stumbled in here with a group of friends - it is a place that might be easy to miss, if not for the inviting tables on the front outside. But this restaurant, which apparently opened recently, was such a gem in University City! The owners were friendly and attentive and service was great. The atmosphere is lovely (sort of a beach vibe within the city, even!). The food was surprisingly good. The fries were delicious but a little too salty for my taste, but otherwise everything was great. I had the veggie burger and it was delicious served with avocado and salsa for a pretty affordable price. I'll definitely come back again, as it was a nice, tasty and affordable way to spend some time with friends!Enjoyed a great meal at Tipsy Bistro! Started with their beef empanadas and Vietnamese chicken eggrolls. Both were excellent and highly recommended! My wife and I also split the sea bass and veggie burger (with truffle fries!). Sea bass was cooked perfectly and paired with a nice lemon butter sauce. Veggie burger was good also. We finished our meal with the guava fried cheesecake, which was surprisingly tremendous. The hospitality and service was excellent. Owner Anou and Chef took great care of us. Will visit again soon!I love this place. It's casual and fun and intimate in great food and drinks. OMG, the oysters are always fresh and delicious! They have two happy hours daily so come early or late.One of the best spots in University City!! Their menu is diverse and the service is excellent. One of those places that you can just tell the people who work there really care about your experience, which is always awesome!! Kitchen is open late as well. Highly recommend this spot!The place is very tiny and vibey. The food is pretty good, but a little on the pricey side. The only thing I didn't like about the place was the food takes a long time to come out. 
We got the truffle fries and it was really good, we also got oysters (not bad) and then we got the citrus mussels. It was a little bit on the salty side .. felt like my sodium intake was 150% over what it should have been. 
I got the pasta with chicken- the chicken was super salty as well. So my sodium intake was 200% over. 
Other than that, the drinks were really good. I got the passion fruit tequila drink.. with jalapeños. Yummm  
I did enjoy everything- just wished it wasn't as salty!Visiting Penn on a cold , rainy day and needed to warm up with good food. Light, friendly and upbeat ambiance. Great, friendly service. Kids said "best cheesesteaks they'd ever had". Park/truffle fries were excellent. Reasonable prices. Would definitely go again.Waiter was hard working and super nice during our Sunday brunch outdoors. 
Food was mediocre - I got the eggs Benedict and it was pretty basic for the price. Not a lot of sauce, nothing mind blowing about it - the home fries were cut too big, undercooked and SOOOOO oily. I'd compare this to decent diner food. 
But, it was still okay. 
I recommend going for the service and I hear they have a good bottomless deal. But prepare to be a little underwhelmed by the offering.Very small, cute, quaint spot. Weekends they have a great brunch menu (ends @ 3) & they offer bottomless mimosas. The menu isn't extensive but has enough great plates to choose fromNot a fan. Food was mediocre at best. Server was disinterested. Place was practically empty at 7 p.m. on a Saturday (not a good sign). The staff kept going in and out the door literally every 10 seconds. First it was cold so that made the door open and let the cold air in and then it was just distracting and annoying to be eating with 6 or 7 staff members constantly going in and out the front door in a hurried manner. We have no idea what they were doing but this was not enjoyable. Overall meh food and odd vibe.I visited Philly over the weekend and was looking for a great brunch spot. Tipsy bistro didn't disappoint. I ordered the chicken and waffles and bottomless mimosas. Unlimited mimosas $20 with an entree was a little steep but what's brunch without mimosas. Good sized portion and the food was amazing. Place is a little quaint so definitely come early because sitting area is very tight.Best restaurant in the area! Close to HUP and Penn.
Shrimp BLT Sandwich is money!!! Cold draft beers, football on three TVs, cool place! Right near the campuses. Huevos rancheros was awesome. Service was great, and fast! We sat at a table, but there is a nice bar. 
Today got the French Onion soup and turkey burger, both were delicious, hot and fresh. The owners are very friendly and fast.Love this place. Friendly vibe and service. Excellent food and drinks. Off the beaten path but definitely worth it.Was looking for a REALLY GOOD Mojito and decided to check this place out based on it's YELP ratings. HOLY MOLY........I got what I was looking for and then some. Had A FEW of mojitos that tasted like they had coconut n pineapple in them, with the usual mint and WOW they were good!! It's a small place with outdoor seating but definitely great. Me and my girlfriend loved it and will definitely be going back. She had the roast beef sandwich n injad the cheese steak, both VERY GOOD, the roast beef was impressive with the arugula on top. A definite must try.Drinks and food are amazing. Ingredients are very complementary in the dishes. I thoroughly enjoyed the shrimp and grits and the smoked salmon scrabble. Biscuits have a homemade quality.My coworker and I went the other day for lunch I ordered salmon burger and fries.  It was oh so delicious .  The sauce on the salmon burger was so good and the fries were tasty too.  We did order cheese steak rolls when they came out it was two little ones. I definitely won't be ordering those anymore .  For the price I feel like they should at least give you 4 or at least make them bigger.  
I'll definitely go back .always delicious. always great service. been for brunch and midday, next have to try dinner. keep chipping away at the menu, so many creative optionsWas here a week or two ago with a bunch of friends for one of their birthdays and we had a really good time! 
Service was a little slow getting started, but they were fairly busy and we were a party of like 12 on a Friday night so no real complaints there. Really nice location just outside of center city, and great food! I got to try a little bit of everything, their app sampler was all great, and the couple bites I got out of the Vietnamese Hoagie were fantastic! 
Will definitely go back in the future for a date night, or to take out some clients who are looking to buy investment properties around U City.Tipsy was an excellent experience for dinner! Located in the fun area near both universities this place would be a good time on any college event night or during any local sporting event. They've got a pretty good number of tables inside and outside seating as well for cooler and non rainy days. Staff and everyone working were very friendly and welcoming to us and the food was fantastic! I had their chicken Banh mi sandwich and it was fantastic with an amazing sauce fresh crunchy vegetables and delicious bread and meat. My buddy ordered their more well known shrimp blt and said that it too was excellent. We enjoyed our visit to Tipsy and would definitely recommend it for dinner, drinks, hanging out during and event, or all three!Convenient location to work and home for happy hours, I love this cozy bar/restaurant! Favorite dishes so far are the beef empanadas, truffle fries and chicken spring rolls. The owner is really nice and one day while sitting at the bar he just randomly made me a cocktail to try. I love freebies so this made me an instant fan of the place. Great customer! Great ambiance! Great location! Most importantly, great food!Woooo this place was packed on a Sunday 
I ordered the fruity pebble french toast which took forever to make. And the poverty portion left me heading over to another restaurant to top off my lil baby brunch. Literally one piece of toast. How dare you!!!!! 
I must say the French toast is probably one of the best I have had. Great combo of texture in my mouth and flavor as well
Service was slow but they were jammed, can't fault them.Great spot for delicious quick eats and tasty drinks. Casual, modern, and a nice waiter/good service. Loved soft shell crab sandwich and their twist on chicken wings. A family of four all left happy.  (Teens)I would've gave them a five but I felt like the waitress/hostage was rude. It's my third time coming here and I brought friends from out of town. A bit disappointed.
The food is always good though!Would've scored higher but the rude hostess put a bad taste in my mouth.  All we asked for was to sit outside, and got an entire lecture about the fire code. We know about the fire code, Miss so just seat us already. Not sure what her issue was but she was snarky to begin with.  Not the best choice of hostesses if you ask me.  Just because of her, this place is losing my business in the future.The isn't particularly big. However, the service was great. We were immediately greeted and our server was friendly. He offered tips on the menu that were spot on. My burger was fantastic and my wife had the meatloaf sandwich which she loved. We tried their hummus appetizer and it was fresh and tasty. 
Sports bar wasn't overwhelming with three TVs. Overall great place to eat.Found this place and so happy we went. The staff were all friendly and the food was amazing. We had the pork belly bahn mi, cheesesteak, burger, wings and fried cauliflower. All were cooked to perfection and delicious we finished with brownie ala mode and fried cheesecake. I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!My friend and I went to check out during the UCity dining days. We did the restaurant week menu. We ordered the house salad, cheese steak egg rolls, grilled pork loin and two desserts on the menu. My friend really liked the egg rolls. The grilled pork loin was beyond expectation. It was very juicy and tasty. It also had a little bit of smoky inside. It was just amazing w/ the sauce, broccoli and mashed potato. I'd love to come back and check out other things on the menu.One word, 7 letters. AMAZING. Pretty much mind blown. Not a lot of fusion places can pull off fusing cuisines, but Tipsy Bistro? Hell yeah they can. Oysters was good. The cocktail sauce with a dash of lemon complimented the oysters really well. But yooooo them BEEF EMPANADAS! I prefer my empanadas the tipsy bistro way, no offense to the Hispanic cuisine. Who idea was it to make the empanada wrap thin and crispy? Was that you Tory? but man, great f*****g idea. Juicy every bite you take, no dipping sauce needed. The mussels? Ohhh man, that sauce. That Garlic basil Chardonnay  creamy sauce. Those mussels can be really addicting so eat it at your own risk. That sauce man, I had to order seconds of bread for that sauce. Tipsy Bistro got that sauce lol. Now, that ahi tuna pokè was something else. That aioli brought the ingredients together. Their wings is nothing like them pizza parlor dry and hard wings, no. Last but not least, that aloha mojito was amazing, that grilled pineapple really did it. I felt like a handsome Hawaiian surfer. Great hospitality, I'll definitely be coming back. 
Pros; pretty much everything
Cons; Tory was watching me eating from his camera app on his iPhone.This place is incredible! The wings are hands down the best wings in the city. They are fresh, super crispy, massive, and not greasy or par-cooked like every other crap place in the city. 
Their salads, burgers, pasta, sandwiches, beer, wine, and brunch are always on point. The menu changes often and keeps things interesting. Not once in the past year I have went here was I disappointed. 
Nice work guys!Went here for happy hour. Drafts on tap are $5, and it was 2$ off of apps from 5-7. Everything is really good & flavorful. Bar staff is extremely nice. You won't be disappointed.Small place with decent food. I ordered the chipotle cheddar burger with fries. The burger came medium rare as I ordered it and was a little messy. Both the burger and fries were pretty decent especially for the price. My only complaint was that I was charged $7 for a Blue Moon when the menu said the price was $6. Overall, I would recommend Tipsy Bistro for what it is, but I personally am unlikely to return.Tipsy Cafe took over the space that Ham occupied at 3131 Walnut st,  I ordered the soft shell crab for lunch and i have to say if you're ever in the neighborhood do yourself a favor stop in and try them. Also, the salads are very good.The bottomless mimosas deal is amazing. I got the eggs Benedict and it was really good! Nice staff as wellI wish I had found this spot when I moved here last August.  My boyfriend and I had the following:
Beef empanadas: not the typical empanadas but really good, crispy dough and flavorful.  I would get them again
Chicken and waffles which were yummy! The chicken was a chicken tender but I preferred that easier to eat and the batter was crisped perfectly!
My BF had the Cobb salad and he said it was really well done.
I also had oj which was solid and coffee which was not good.  They should work on the coffee.
Even with the bad coffee it is a solid 4.5-5 stars! I am looking forward to going back again.I travel for work and food is always my focus on layovers and I have to say this place did not disappoint!!! Food was fantastic, I had the mussels and the shrimp BLT all I can say is outstanding!!! Drinks were fantastic as well... so stop in and try it, you won't be sorry!This is a hidden gem with good food, large portions, variety and bottomless mimosas for brunch. Right down the street from World Cafe Live and a great mezcal drink. Whatever you have will be good and the staff is friendly. Small place, largest party prob 6-8 sitting together. Cute, clean and friendly.Honestly, you need to check this place out. The food is great. The bottomless mimosas are fantastic. The staff are even better. They are very responsive to their customers and have an awesome outdoor space. You don't have to deal with too much of the terrible Penn Students because it's off campus just a bit. There are a few of them but luckily none of Trumps kids so we're mostly good.I went here for a friends Birthday dinner. Walking to the location the outside of the place was decorated very well. there was a couch and I could tell that on a nice summer night I would want to come here to have a few drinks! Our first waiter was extremely horrible! I wish I remembered her name but I know she was Vietnamese because I asked her for this review specifically lol! She was so rude she had an attitude problem so I called over a different waiter and asked her to serve us! Riley literally changed the mood. She was so awesome! I was going to give it a 2 because of the girl but Riley boosted it to a 4 plus the food was good as well. We order the chocolate shots! It was smooth! I could tell if I poured this over some ice cream I would enjoy it! I tried the Manhattan and cosmo from my friend! The Manhattan was super strong! It was a no go for me ! The cosmo was okay! I order the sweet chili jumbo wings the "das hot jumbo wing". The sweet chili was soooo goood! The das hot were okay! I also tried some parmesan fries which were good a little heavy on the salt. They also played a station at our request! I would go back again the vibes were good!My experience here was disappointing. I arrived at 2:00 and made the decision to order the bottomless mimosa after discussing with the server that the offer ended at 3. I took a minute to think about it but decided to go for it. I was planning on day drinking with a friend who was meeting me there so it seemed like it could be the economical way to go. It would have been had the server continued to check on me but there was no hope for that. Once the drink was placed on the table it was like pulling teeth to get a refill. Once I was successful in putting in another order ( not once did someone show up to the table to ask if I wanted a refill, it was all on me) I would wait minutes for a pour of champagne and orange juice which was located at the bar steps from my outdoor table. I ordered the huevos rancheros and it was sub-par. The tomatoes were cold and chopped up so made the eggs cold. The tostadas were over cooked and hard to bite into. My friend ordered the salmon scramble and said her food was also inadequate. At one point, when I needed to put in my friend's order, the server showed up to my table nonchalantly sipping on a drink while I told her my order. The owner/manager scrolled through his phone the entire time while facing the open window. It appears what they are going for anyway, is the appeal to college students for game day (I sure do miss The Fat Ham). If that is the crowd they are trying to pull for, they may be okay. I won't be back. The lack of professionalism for a restaurant in a "food town" was off -putting. The food also left much to be desired. Our plan was to settle in with some drinks and enjoy the porch (which by the way, is something that IS going for this place). We paid the bill ( left less than 20 % because, c'mon. Can you at least put your drink down while I order?) and we left  to drink at The Walnut Street Cafe which was down the street. That was a good decision.So I held off on writing a review for this place because my first visit I wasn't feeling great and didn't partake in the bottomless mimosas. I made sure to visit again, just to have the bottomless option. To start with a mimosa is typically made with orange juice (not my favorite) so I asked for pineapple juice and they accommodated our request. They serve the bottomless glass by glass which was kind of annoying having to catch the waitresses eye, but it's a small place so technically not difficult to do. I didn't enjoy my meal the first visit (steak & eggs). I wasn't a huge fan of the steak seasoning, but this second visit I had the hungry man platter which to be honest it's hard to mess up eggs, turkey bacon, turkey sausage etc. I enjoy the overall ambiance of the restaurant and they have cute outdoor seating I would love to come back for when it cools down. Overall a chill place for brunch with decent food.Food is good but every time I come here it's extremely smokey. I think they should invest in a new stove and hood because the smoke ruins the experience.Highly recommend this place. Best in the area. Stayed in University City for two weeks and this is the best bar/restaurant in the area. Special kudos to bartender Riley who was friendly and helpful.New treasure in Univ city! Delicious food, great service, bomb playlist in a super cute atmosphereNew place in Philly, Onmi the bartender is the best. Can't find a better $5 happy hour burger! Gotta check out the Das Hot Sauce made here too.Cool spot. Nice wines and cheeses. Usually not too packed. Friendly staff and good happy hour deals. Best when it's empty and you can just chit chat with the staff. Outside area is cute and cozy as well.