This place is new, and quaint. 
The coffee is superb, and well-made. Each cup is make from it's own grind and french press.
Don't go here full, the food is equally good.. I got the poached eggs on toast (YUM).
This location is near everything, and a short walk to Midtown Village or the Gayborhood for shopping after.
Very cool vibe here, quick, friendly service. This place deserves your attention.Very slow service. Took about 50 minutes to get our toast . Food was ok .not worth the aaitI am in love with this gem! If you are craving a healthy and colorful eggs Benedict this is the place to go. The plate was just beautifully set up with fresh food. The staff is also very friendly and happy which is always so nice at a restaurant. A+This is my boyfriend's favorite brunch spot. We've gone now quite a few times and it's fantastic each time. Basic foods, nothing too fancy, but everything is SO fresh. The cappuccino is perfect, and I highly recommend the hummus wrap. It's also a great place to get some work done. The staff doesn't rush you out, it has a very lounge-y feel. They also do pick up orders, which seems popular with neighborhood residents.Stopped in prior to a noon meeting for semi-breakfast.  I had poached eggs on English with salad and mushrooms, my wife had sausage on English.  I also had coffee.  My coffee was cool, not sure about refills so I didn't ask for and wasn't offered one.  Meal took longer than expected, but I think the tiny kitchen had only one worker and there was a 2-top order just before ours went in.  However, we got done in time to make our meeting.
People, plates and cups need to be warmed in the winter prior to having food loaded onto or in them.  Stuff got cold quickly.  My eggs were very good, although they didn't taste much like eggs.  Rest of the plate was also pretty good, except that the salad was cut in a way that it was hard to eat neatly.  Mushrooms were also very good, but likely canned.
My big gripe is that I like to mop up soft-cooked eggs so I don't waste any yolk, which to me is the reason to eat eggs.  However, no toast.  I suppose I might have ordered some, but didn't want to wait until it was done to start eating.  OK, so next time I will know.Replacing YOLO Cafe, Toast has an eclectic blend of loose leaf teas & coffee, delicious "egg toasts" (poached eggs on top of homemade english muffins), sandwiches and other homemade goodies. *Try the egg toast with warm apples, white cheddar cheese, sausage and dijonnaise! AMAZING.
I'm so impressed by their revamping of this place, the interior is cozy, clean and perfect for brunch with friends or studying on a Thursday afternoon. The baristas are helpful, friendly and warm. I will be coming here on a weekly basis. 
Cheers to Toast!Went here for breakfast and coffee. The breakfast looked better than it tasted but the cappuccino was a great one. The service was a little slow and there was only 2 people working. I would try again!I absolutely LOVE this place. The food is always so light & fresh, I feel like I'm eating cleaner foods. The menu is quite customizable and easy to navigate. If/when I return to PA I will be visiting here again. Cute, simple breakfast joint.Went there for the first time today. Nice location, nothing special. We ordered and while waiting for the food the employee came to us and told us they were out of couple things so we had to change the order. Bathroom was scary and no toilet paper.I had really high hopes for this place as a good study spot. When I arrived, the staff was friendly, the music was the perfect volume, and I found a cozy seat. I was impressed when the staff made the effort to bring drinks to the tables instead of just calling out names to pick up drinks at the counter.  Everything was great until the manager arrived. I can only imagine that years before her giant hipster glasses, she was the last picked for the kickball team at recess, and now she is compensating for that with her power as manager at Toast.
 She gathered her staff to berate them in front of all of the customers because of a bad Yelp review. Apparently, two people on Yelp found the staff to be less than par, which was completely different than my experience and most others that I've read. God forbid the cups aren't stacked in a perfect line, the tongs are not placed at a 37 degree angle from the muffins, a single coffee grind makes its way onto counter. Toast is a casual coffee shop, not a michelin star restaurant. Not only should this manager never speak to her staff the way that she did, but these conversations are not appropriate to have during working hours in front of customers. 
My experience with the staff and the food at Toast was great. The manager, on the other hand, should consider who is really at fault for driving out customers. In my case, it was her.Two words... Awful service! I walked in naturally there was someone in front of me ordering her food/ drinks so I was patient and obviously waited. 15-20 minutes passes still waiting... (Mind you they are not only ordering for the amount of time they were standing there however they were also laughing and giggling.)The women infront of me is now done with her order. Oh great finally now it's my turn so as I proceed to tell the girl behind the counter what I want she cuts me off to show the previous women something on her phone!? Service is everything to me and I was so frazzled I just walked out without anything. Needless to say I will never return. 
I also want to add that I've been here a handful of times each time I got bad service. Ive tried giving this place the benefit of the doubt before judging it.This is our go to for breakfast while visiting from out of town. The house coffee is delightful and I love the poached eggs with salmon. It's a filling breakfast without the guilt and good hours.this place upon walking in smelled like a pan of burnt bacon. it was overpowering. no exhaust? the staff was not so welcoming and seemed as though the couch area was their break room. eating, hanging out. there was even a mop bucket stored out in the open where customers could sit next to and eat by, if the couch wasn't taken up by employees that is. the cup of coffee was good. hours later my garments still smell like a 4 day old burnt cast iron skillet. blah.A perfectly pleasant coffee shop if you are getting off the Patco 12th and Locust stop. Inside it's very welcoming, with lots of pillows and tables.  I ordered a simple coffee and a sesame bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was perfectly toasted, the cream cheese serving generously slathered, and the coffee hot and flavorful.  Total cost was around $5 or $6, I think. Service was very friendly and helpful with some questions about the local area.
Give yourself permission to sit down and relax for a few minutes. Being on the corner, the big wide windows are perfect for people watching.One thing straight. The food is VERY good! Aside from that, this place has a few things to take care of. When you advertise as a brunch spot, you know that you are going to get crowds. In fact, expect crowds on a Saturday morning. We live a few doors down from Toast and we've been excited to go for some time now. We arrived around 10:50am and placed our orders. We received our food around 11:35am. That is quite long for some breakfast, just saying. We watched not ONE but THREE tables get up and leave because their food took an immense amount of time. It seemed that two were locals and the other 4 people were tourists and on a schedule. It was very awkward to see every table looking around to see why the food takes so long. I find it incredible that THREE tables left and a manager or someone pulls aside the waitress, reprimanding her. I feel that management is the issue here, not the waitresses. How would they control the time that the food takes? 
Anywho, food is great but service SUCKS! If you are looking for a quick brunch, stay away. If you have time to kill, definitely try this place out!Really yummy and fresh food! It was my first time there and I was not disappointed.  I got the veggie chili, hummus plate, and a side of fruit. My boyfriend ordered the classic grilled cheese and the creamy tomato soup that happened to be the soup of the day. I'm vegan and they had many vegan friendly options. 
While we were there eating, I overheard the waitress telling another table everything that they ran out of since they had and busy morning. Even though it sucks when a restaurant is out of what you want, you at least know everything is fresh and frequently ordered or made. Will definitely be returning here. Our waitress was a little slow... and forgot my water and fruit. Only negative!I feel bad leaving a bad review, but these reviews are so important when I'm looking to try somewhere new. Anyway, I got a bagel with hummus and avocado. Pretty basic order. I originally requested a bagel with Tofutti (non-dairy cream cheese) but they were out. So I went with hummus. The hummus had no flavor whatsoever. Like literally just chick peas in a food processor with olive oil. So salt, no spice, nothing. The bagel was terrible, too. Tasted like a frozen packaged bagel. Either that, or it was just old. In a city with sooo many great fresh bagels I don't get it. I would expect that in like a mall in Des Moines, maybe. Either way...I ended up tossing most of it. 
I will add, the woman at the counter was very nice and friendly!I've come here now a couple of times and I love this place. Coffee is good, service is quick and food is good. I got the lox Benedict before and it was delicious. Cute little place to go to on the weekends. We also didn't have much of a wait for coming on a Sunday which is kind of unheard of in Philly. I will definitely come back!Worst dining experience in Philadelphia.  Summary: Wait for table was double as advised, waited for food for over 45 minutes after ordering, food was below average - cold, stale bread, poor taste, when feedback was given about the service/wait time the staff was unreceptive and dismissive. 
Was in for brunch Sunday 2/21/16 at 11:15am - table of 4.  We were told 15 minute wait (even called ahead and was told the same - it's why we chose to eat here); we waited over 30 minutes to get seated.  The hostess was pleasant, but it was obvious she was not managing seatings/wait times appropriately. 
Once seated, we were informed of 5+ things on the menu of which the kitchen was 'out', and could not be ordered - for ex. home fries and chai tea.  As a breakfast place, I was particularly surprised about the home fries.  
We ordered as soon as we sat given we had ample time to look at the menu while waiting for a table. The server, Diana, was very pleasant.  She repeatedly had to deal with disgruntled patrons (after waiting longer than originally informed), informing them of a lack of items remaining on the menu, and watching as tables got up and left after an unacceptable amount of time waiting for their food.  We waited for over 45 minutes before receiving our food during which time multiple tables got up and walked out.  We only observed 7 plates of food being served during the 45+ minutes we waited for food.  We also observed a woman be seated and no one approached the table or requested her drink over for over 15 minutes; she also left after waiting without service. 
We were approached a few times while waiting for our food to refresh beverages, one of the times we were informed the kitchen is small, they do no 'prep' work prior to cooking orders as they are received, and the food would be 'worth it'. We would have left, but with so much time invested, thought many times our wait couldn't be much longer - had we known it would be over 45 minutes for food, we would have left. 
The food arrived and it was cold.  I don't even understand how this is possible give everyone was staring at the food window in hunger.  I ordered a mushroom benedict (think it's called mushroom toast there), and the 'homemade English Muffins' were stale.  The others in my party had pork toast, salmon sandwich (I think), and French toast.  I also tried the French toast which was tasteless...it was like eating chewy bread; no egg or spice flavor.  It was bad. 
After informing of the poor food, we got an 'I'm so sorry' and the plates were taken away. 
After the meal, we were offered 10% discount for our wait.  The restaurant also gives 10% off to students, so it wasn't much of a 'deal' given a student ID would have gotten us the same discount.  
At no time during our experience was there a sign of anyone assisting the kitchen or urgency to try and get customers served.  We recognize things go wrong, but when none of the employees seem to care about the inconvenience and lack of service to the customers, it's disappointing, at the least. 
Our party provided feedback after the meal.  3 out of 4 of us have extensive experience in restaurant service.  We explained the wait, asked why there was never any sense of urgency on behalf of the wait staff, poor food quality...  The response we received was 'we're a small kitchen'.  That's it.  They had nothing further.  It was apparent the staff (and I presume management) has no regard for the needs or expectations of customers.  
Worst dining experience I've ever had.  I would have felt horrible leaving the table without eating, but every table had every right to go.  Everything was unacceptable.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service!!!! (If you can even call it that) 
I had the misfortune of choosing this place for brunch  with a group of 5 friends on the October 19th. The experience started well enough. We were greeted politely at the door and shown to our seats. We placed our order of drinks and when they arrived (mostly coffee and tea) they arrive sans tea spoons. We asked or server for some and  she rolled her eyes at our request. 
We were kept waiting and had to get our spoons from another server. 
When the food arrived we were without any cutlery yet again! We asked two different servers for cutlery and it took over 5minutes for them to arrive. Needless to say the food was cold so I can't speak to the quality of it. One of my party was so upset he asked for the order to be cancelled. When asked how our meal was we informed the server we were unhappy. She bolted not interested in anything we had to say. When the bill came they failed to remove the canceled order, couldn't even get that right. We asked to speak to a manger and we were told there was not one on duty! We again expressed our unhappiness with the lady at the register as we paid for bill, she too could not care less. I would give this place ZERO stars if I could. TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!Toast is a comfortable and artistic environment with good food and very affordable prices. You can spend under $5 on a home made English muffin and coffee or go for a larger plate for under $15. My chia tea was brewed on site instead of from a mix (hooray!) and exceptionally creamy. My truffled egg sandwich was just the right portion and had fresh salad on the side with strawberries. They have huge windows that flood the space with light. The decor is cosy meets sculptural with mismatched pillows and modern artistic lighting. Our check came delightfully attached to a giant clothespin. It was early when I went, so there was not a crowd, but the staff was friendly, and fast.Toast has the potential to be amazing - the food was excellent as was the coffee, but the service is lacking.
Came here with two of my friends for brunch on a Sunday. We were seated immediately and though our host wasn't friendly, he wasn't rude either. I'm a hostess though and he could've done A LOT better. Anyway, my friends ordered lattes and I ordered a double shot of espresso. 
It took 20 minutes to receive our coffee..For food, sure, 20 minutes is fast, but just to receive our drinks?! Did I miss something? It wasn't even crowded, so I have no idea why it took that long. If it were crowded, I'd understand a little more. When we did get our food and drinks, everything was good, so no complaints there!
Friendlier wait-staff and better service would make this place 5-stars. Toast is cute and has great food, but don't be in a rush when you go!We came here with a groupon. Often places will put tons of limitations on what you can order with a groupon but the friendly waitress at Toast told us we could get anything on the menu, no constraints! Ive lived in Philly for a year and never had such great customer service from walking in till the time I left. The food was presented beautifully and was quite tasty(hamburger and the mushroom poached egg dishes are both great). The only downsides are that the AC didnt seem to be working and the service is a tad slow but I still highly recommend Toast.Went here on New Year's Day. Clearly understaffed as it took about 30 minutes to order and over an hour for our lukewarm food to arrive. No staff available, so I re-filled my own coffee, which was also lukewarm. As a result of inadequate ventilation, eyeglasses and windows started fogging. Then kitchen smoke permeated the room. They were oblivious to this and I urged them to open the door. I got very sweaty and dizzy, a sign of carbon monoxide. Hastily paid my bill and left.After visiting Toast 3 times now, I feel comfortable giving this review. The very first time I went I had delicious food- oatmeal with fruit, tea, and a breakfast sandwich bagel. It was all awesome and the service was good, and the place is pretty cute. That is the reason for the 1 star. However the next 2 times I visited were absolutely horrible. Both times we were served by the same teen girl is clearly clueless when it comes to service. She expected us to order immediately, and when we asked for a little time to decide, it took her over 15min to return. Not to mention that she was NEVER around when we needed a refill, condiment, etc. I had to get up and get my own things.
They were out of the things we wanted both times- the second time they were out of oatmeal, avocado, bacon, English muffins. literally everything I would want. I don't understand why they were even open if they were out of so many ingredients! I literally had to order a piece of dry toast. My boyfriend got a dry toast with an egg- the egg was extremely rubbery and dry and totally unseasoned. To top it off, the tea I was served was cold and they were out of cream to put in my boyfriend's coffee. It was laughable. 
However, the absolute worst thing about this place is you leave smelling strongly like burnt toast EVERY time. It's disgusting. How they are managing to burn the very thing that their restaurant is named after is beyond me. Needless to say I won't be returning.The new food items for dinner are amazing. I came here to study at the end of the day and watched it smoothly transition to a BYOB. Unique and healthy dinner choices in a laid back atmosphere. I'll definitely come back.The avocado chicken wrap was incredibly savory and at the right price point.  I hope to come back for a toast burger. The staff were all very friendly. Decor was welcoming and what you'd expect of a great brunch place. 5 stars :)I want to give this place more stars but it's so slow! The food is great but waiting more then one hour is not good. So if you go here for breakfast plan on being there till lunch. The good thing is you will save money on lunch.Batista's aren't very well informed about different coffee styles. Their coffee is okay. Didn't try the food.Not a big breakfast person but this place has changed my mind. Wasn't pleased with their coffee but had the poached eggs and smoked salmon and have decided breakfast is my new favorite meal after dessert. Hollandaise sauce? Perfection. Greens and fruits? Fresh and succulent. I never give my son juice because of added sugar, but at Toast, fresh squeeze ripe orange juice it is.  The only reason this didn't get 5 from me was because the latte tasted watered down and the service was a bit snotty. But barring that, Toast it is for any brunch occasion... I wonder if they do take out...I live close by and stopped into this place once--now I can't stop going! The atmosphere is cozy, the coffee is reasonably priced, and the food is tasty. What's not to love?
I especially like the poached egg plates and can't wait to bring some champagne and try out the fresh squeezed orange juice.I just happened to be walking down the street when I stumbled upon this little bistro. Upon entering and checking out the board, I was intrigued when I saw homemade chai. I love chai, but everyone can't get it right...hem, hem Starbucks. Anyhoo, my eye also caught on the spinach salad and the option to add smoked salmon...yum! Unfortunately, there was nothing "yum" about my order. First off, I requested my chai hot, but when the barista gave it to me, it was lukewarm. It also tasted less creamy and more spicy than I like. I then requested it over ice, hoping that would cut down on some of the spice; no such luck, so after about 6 sips, I threw it away....that was a waste of $4. Again I had high hopes for the salad, but I forgot cardinal rule #1 when ordering food to go: always check the food before you leave. My salad was FILLED with mounds of spinach, about 2 tomatoes, too salty salmon, barely any cheese, and noticeably absent were my red onions and apples. I think I'll keep walking the next time I am in town.The egg on an English muffin (their take on eggs Benedict) was fantastic. Service was quick and pleasant. They have multiple roasters providing their coffee and the barista knew how to make a good cup. They have a La Marzocco Strada for espresso and then you can choose between a Chemex, French Press, or Fetco for filter coffee. There was plenty of seating, it's well lot, and comfortable. Free wifi available.
Good stuff.I've been to Toast a few times and come across this problem: they don't let you modify items. They must have a prima donna cook who throws a fit and won't allow customers to make special orders, even when they have no one in the restaurant. I personally have dietary restrictions but they won't work with you at all. That's just bad customer service and I won't be going here anymore.Been here a few times and it's quickly becoming my favorite cafe in Philly. The truffled mushroom egg toast is phenomenal and home fries are top notch. The staff is friendly and accommodating, as well. Overall, it's an excellent addition to the gayborhood.Cluster. Complete and utter cluster. While we were waiting, no less than three other tables walked out in anger.
After a wait of almost an hour from point of order, our food arrived, and it was not hot at all. Sausage was warm, the kitchen staff couldn't be bothered to melt the cheese slice they placed on the muffin.First it was Odd Fellows and the only memorable quality was its name. 
Then it was YOLO (You Only Live Once) and it was just as bad and tasteless as its name. 
Now it's simply Toast. This time someone got it just right. 
That someone is V., who owns Chhaya on East Passyunk  avenue. V brings the same high qualityingredients and superb cooking  to Center City. With a distinctly uncomplicated flare you can choose from sandwiches, salads, pastries and a list of sides. You can mix and match or just stick with a classic "bacon , egg and cheese" and, voila, you're done. 
There's a fussiness to Center City dining that gets on my nerves. I hate it when a server can't pronounce menu items or when a foreign word or phrase is used when English would suffice. Toast chucks the fussiness for breakfast and lunch fare. This streamlined method is all I want when I am still slightly drunk from the night before and my stomach is on "carb-cheese-MEAT" mode. 
Great for  morning and midday meals, toast is a win for Center City.Great Location, Love the vibe, food and love the service, highly recommended!!!We were looking forward to trying this place and heard some good things. We came in and sat down and looked over the menu. The waitress told us that they were out of half of the items which we actually wanted. We ordered one small plate (literally one poached egg with toast and jam) just to try it out and told the waitress we were in a time crunch. As we waited for our order, we see the entire staff just standing around and talking. We sat there for almost 40 minutes and the server did not stop by once to even fill up our water. 
We ended up having to walk over to find our waitress to tell her we couldn't wait any more and we had to leave. 
That was our attempt at Toast and we won't be going back. Thumbs down.I had ordered an egg sandwich and had gotten the saddest looking sandwich I have ever consumed. My money would have been much better spent at the food truck down the street. 
PRO: decent coffee, promptly seated, low prices
CON: both mine and my boyfriend's food was dry and not very tasty (maybe that's where the allusion to toast comes from), slowwwww service, the place had a weird smell the day we came in (but that might have been an isolated incident)Okay brunch and lunch food but the wait for the food is ridiculous. The ventilation system also barely functions so it's usually smoky. Waitstaff doesn't check in on you or refill water. (She's currently sitting with her friend and has been on her phone for the last half hour).  Finally, they're almost always out of a number of things on the menu. Time for someone else to come in and run this place. Chaya cafe please open a second location.This place has great ideas, but very poorly executed. even the grilled cheese was boring and tasteless.  i went with three friends, everyone got something different, and everyone was disappointed.AMAZING!!! the cafe is quaint and charming and the food is amazing! I went there for brunch and surely did not leave disappointed. I got the smoked salmon Benedict and my friend got the omelette special, which had sauteed onion, spinach, and goat cheese.I came here a couple times for breakfast sandwiches. I thought the homemade English muffins were good, but everything else is just average or below. Both times, especially once when I was in a rush, it took way too long to make a simple ham, egg, and cheese on an English muffin. At least they don't skimp on the meat like the bagel place over on Walnut. 
 The coffee clearly tastes cheap, but they charge more than Starbucks. 
This city has much more to offer in brunch options (Sabrina's, Little Spoon, the Hungry Pigeon, or even Green Eggs).Came here on a groupon and was super impressed! Atmosphere was cozy and cute, coffee was strong, almond milk chai was amazing, salad and veggie burger were yummy and big.Stumbled upon this great cafe when looking for brunch one day. Great "egg toasts" - their version of eggs benedict, in a variety of ways. Excellent coffee and espresso beverages, and everyone is really friendly!I'm relatively new to PHL, however this place has changed name +/- management about 3-4 times so far.
One would imagine that such abysmal business would learn as it attempts to reinvent itself.
This new edition, or Toast, is clearly not doing well again, judging from its persistent lack of clientele. 
The other day I walked in, and hardly anything was done to the decor. It remains bland and unoriginal, despite the prime geo location.
A mere Earl Grey cost more than any other CC café by an astonishing dollar! My surprise meant that I discussed the issue with my partner and we both wondered what the management of this place are thinking.
Today, I decided to go into this place again, to give it another assessment. Like before, a mere couple of customers and a bored looking barista.
The toll, $2.95 for a 16 oz coffee! Extortionate and the worst transaction of my AMEX in a long time. When you consider that a good coffee somewhere else in the Center City is around $1.75 you realise how absurd Toast is. Justification? Coffee beans grown in extraterrestrial soil fertilised by the manure produced by the last unicorn?
Won't be returning here.Came here for brunch and it was very good. Friendly staff, food arrived in a timely manner. I love how Toast supports the local art community by featuring work from local artists.My family and I found this hidden gem while we were looking for a place to park and get some breakfast after traveling all day. We loved everything! The space is cute. The food was amazing! The juice and coffee were nice and fresh! We were impressed with Alex, the guy who took our order at the counter, delivered our food to our table, he also cleared other tables and seem to keep the line at the counter moving pretty fast!!! He manage all of these different jobs very efficiently and with a smile and a great personality! When we are in the area again, we will be sure to visit again!!!I was pleasently surprised when my boyfriend brought me here for a spontaneous dinner. It doesn't look like a place you would get a great dinner from, but the food was great. Casual place. I had a burge on sourdough toast (the bread was phenominal). It doesn kinda feel like it was run by a younger crowd, but that youger crowd made my food to perfection, so I'm not too picky about that. And I am also in my early twenties. My boyfriend had the prosciutto and asparagus-stuffed chicken and I tried some, it was delicious. The asparagus wasn't mushy like a lot of places cook it. They were out of some things, but it didn't matter because everything probably would have been delicious. It was pretty quiet for friday but I suspect it is more of a breakfast place, but do not fear, if you are looking for a great dinner, this is a good place to get casual and eat great food. The food was plated beautifully. I will come back the next time I am in Philly.Breakfast on a rainy Saturday with my Mom and two sisters. Large windows, comfortable bench seating, delicious coffee, and excellent food. Servers were friendly, but not very attentive- coffee was slow coming to table and refill never offered, but I think they were understaffed for the crowd, and I had the impression that one of the two may have been new. My sisters had the featured omelet and poached eggs with mushrooms; my mom, French toast with sliced apples; I had the granola/ fruit/ yogurt parfait and a perfectly cooked over easy egg on a house made English muffin. Everything was excellent, and I'd definitely go back.I really wanted to like this place since I live down the street from it and the two previous tenants didn't do so well. I ordered an egg sandwich on a bagel to go. Pretty simple order, but when done right can be super tasty. Can also be extremely mediocre as it was in this case. Basically I couldn't find the cheese that was supposed to be on there and the bagel was barely toasted or crisp - almost tasted microwaved. For a place called Toast with limited menu items, I'd think they would make a really kick ass egg sandwich. 
The decor is really nice inside and it looks like they would serve better food. I might try it again because I don't want to judge based on one bagel sandwich, but this was very disappointing.Coffee ok. Food ok. 
But the place isn't run well at all. 
The menu that's up on the wall isn't always what they are serving. They gave me the wrong thing. 
Turned out they weren't even serving the soup that's written up on the chalkboard. When I didn't want what they gave me instead, I asked for something else. The cashier said it was no problem and apologized... But then I heard the cook getting mad about my changing my order when she went back there to tell him I wanted something else. 
1) it's your fault your menu is incorrect and you brought me something I didn't want
2) It's not ok that you yell about it and I have to hear it out on the floor 
3) I shouldn't have to eat and pay for something I never ordered 
Won't be coming back. 
Could be a cute place if they did their jobs.Update: I understand toast has made significant changes in staffing and management. The last time I was there, my experience was disappointing. 
The wait staff were mainly people I did not recognize from previous visits (I live very close to Toast and have been there a number of times). They seemed  like high school kids trying out their first jobs. 
There were errors on the menu, when I inquired about them there was no apology or even any feeling that this was misleading or negative. My waitress was very nonchalant about it which I found odd. 
I ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was beyond disappointing. It came out not even cut in half. It was on sourdough bread which is an awkward size to hold without being cut. Of course I am capable of cutting it myself, but presentation should held in a higher regard. Also, the waitress threw it down on the table so fast that the top piece of bread flew woff of the plate. Bad. It was extremely dry. 
I had to ask for more water a couple of times which is an issue I have had here in the past. In my opinion, toast is going downhill. It's a shame because they do have some really good choices (smoked salmon). 
Their new additions, including the flat screen tv awkwardly smattered over the mural, is just another reason why Toast seems less like a quaint cafe and more like a random / misguided spot run by teenagers. Monday night football? Really? This place majorly lacks a theme and has devalued itself with recent changes.What a pleasant surprise! I stopped by for late lunch the other day and tried an egg toast with spinach, goat cheese, and tomato, and it was absolutely delicious. It was a cozy environment, and perfect for a mid-afternoon refuel. We'll be back!Went here for brunch on a weekend afternoon around 1:30 (so I know it's late) but they basically ran out of an ingredient for every dish on their menu. It was pretty sad. We had to get creative with what options we had left and even then our dishes were missing some things requested. The servers were nice and whatever food came out was decent but not worth the price or how long it took to get our food. It seemed promising but wasn't great.It shouldn't take 45 minutes to make toast. And it's also not very good. Ordered salmon toast. The asparagus was cold and not fully cooked. The greens were overdressed. The English muffin was untoasted and stale. The kitchen is small and not running efficiently. Disappointing. The concept is nice. But if your have one main thing, you must do it well.Came in for a late coffee with a friend and ended up getting a free dinner (they were promoting their new dinner menu)! I got the veggie chili, which was quite good, and my friend got a seafood gumbo, which she liked, as well. Server was very pleasant and friendly, as was the chef who talked to us from the kitchen. It's a nice, spacious coffee shop with lots of seating. Only down sides were that it was extremely quiet and no music was playing so we felt like we had to whisper in order to have any privacy and it was very cold (we weren't even sitting by the Windows!)--like wear-your-jacket-inside cold. Turn up the heat and the music and this place will be a great coffee and small meal place!I've been in once. The coffee is fine. The hot line is a nice change from most of the Philly cafes, but I didn't like their basic egg sandwich---it was quite dry. Service was slow, but their was only one barista working. (At 9am on a weekday... ouch! I didn't envy him.)While this cafe appears to be a quaint place , don't be fooled . They are way in over their heads . There appears to be one person in the tiny kitchen cooking ... Our two eggs sandwiches took about 40 mins and others were also looking for their food for a very long time ! It's also very warm inside - not sure if AC was broken or if it was all the glass or what ??
The house brew coffee was good though .
Skip this place , unless it's a quite weekday .I found myself walking by Toast while I was in the area to do a photo shoot.  It was a cold day and a corner coffee joint was just what I needed.  I liked the vibe as soon as I walked in.  It has a good look, it was bustling with people drinking coffee and eating.  The staff was friendly and the menu offered what I was looking for.  
While I waited for my coffee to be made, I grabbed a seat on the little sofa.  A great spot to relax, people watch and consume caffeine.  The prices were totally fair, nothing crazy.  My drink was good and served up with that added touch of Barista art.  I'd visit here again if I find myself in the area again.Having been less than impressed with the previous two tenants that occupied this space, I was happy when I found out that the folks from Chhaya would be running Toast when it oppened. I'm a fan of Chhaya, and my only real complaint about it is that it isn't closer to me. Toast is, so my wife and I went to check it out. We've been twice now and were not disappointed. Toast seems to have finally come up with the right formula to make this space work: an emphasis on good coffee/tea, along with a simple menu based mostly around one common theme (toasted English muffins and poached eggs) that makes it possible to effectively utilize the small, cramped kitchen. We've tried several of the options on their menu, including the traditional ham/eggs/hollandaise, the apples and white cheddar, truffled mushroom, and wilted greens, all of which were very good. The warm apple and white cheddar was probably the standout for me.
While the food menu is different and simpler than the food menu at Chhaya, Toast has a similarly good selection of coffee and tea, making this a great new coffee shop in Center City, even if you aren't into variations on Eggs Benedict. Which isn't to say that Eggs Benedict is the only option. The menu has a number of other items on it, including some salads and simple dishes like yogurt parfait and oatmeal, all at fairly reasonable prices. Overall, I'd say this place is a winner.YOLO, I'm kind of glad you only live once, and I hope your successor does not also follow it's namesake, because Toast, I like you, and I don't want you to be toast. 
PROS
For a studying spot this gets 5 stars: it's quiet, (aside from some pleasant background music), there are usually study spots near outlets, an abundance of pillows for comfort, reliable wifi, high ceilings, good people watching when you zone out, and last but not least... there is never anyone here (although this doesn't bode well for the future of the place, I selfishly love the emptiness).
They take credit cards and I found their food reasonably priced (although I can't vouch for the quality). They actually have an extensive menu with salads and eggs benedict (around $10) as well as cheaper toast/bagel options. 
The one barrista is super sweet, the first time I came in when she was working, she was so friendly I had to stop and figure out if I knew her and she was actually a best friend I'd forgotten I had, or just super awesome. It was the latter. She also took pity on us and brought us water after we'd been miserably staring at our screens/books for a few hours.
CONS
Drinks are a bit overpriced (2.75 for a tea?) and they don't have a huge selection of teas. 
The AC was spotty last week, but they've resolved the issue I think.
Highly recommend as a study spot, or a place for weekday/all day quiet breakfast/brunch/snack/solo dining. So let's raise a toast to Toast, and hope this one sticks.Extremely slow kitchen. I went with an hour to eat before my shift and told the server that information as well. I got canned fruit and an omelette over 45 minutes later. I boxed it and left.
About 2 weeks later I was waiting for quick hem and asked for the fastest thing they could make, bagel and cream cheese was the answer. That took over 15 minutes.
Don't come here with any time constraints.Beautiful little restaurant with friendly service and decent food. Things were a little mixed up with the serving staff, but I'm getting the impression that's par for the course here in Philly.We stopped in for brunch. We ordered an iced latte & hot coffee (both good). I ordered the smoked salmon poached eggs, and my friend ordered the wilted greens poached eggs. The plated looked like works of art!! The vibrant colors made the dish almost too pretty to eat! But glad we did because everything was on point. The strawberries on the side salad made the salad refreshing. There was a good salmon to benedict ratio. The sauce was delicious~ Even the roasted asparagus was cooked just right!! The only complaint I would have is the bread. It didnt come on an English muffin. Or if that was an English muffin, it was a bad one. But everything else made up for the underwhelming bread. 5 stars because our meal was so satisfying to our eyes & our tummies!!I have no idea why the big difference between the excellent reviews and the poor ones.  We had a wonderful time here.  The cappuccino was the best I've ever had and my wife agreed.  I had the pocahed eggs with smoked salmon, Hollandaise sauce, and asparagus.  My wife had french toast.  Both were fine and portions were enormous.  Service was top notch and food came out quickly.Pleasant atmosphere and good food. friendly staff that did well to accommodate us since we had a train to catch. we ended up taking food to go.The salmon eggs Benedict was delicious. They were very generous with the smoked salmon portions. Not to mention the entree itself is already really reasonably priced. 
The homemade chai latte was also very good!
If I could amend one thing it would be less dressing on the salad that came with the entree.
I will definitely be coming back.My experiences at Toast have been pretty solid, but a little underwhelming. I moved in down the street a few months ago and thought this would be my go to place, but the service is so slow that I couldn't rationalize waiting 25-30 minutes for a breakfast sandwich to-go. While their food is great, the kitchen is too small to keep up with the volume of customers. The staff is very friendly, but I really think they need to expand the kitchen.We were sat immediately but then it took 30 min to get our coffee and almost an hour to get our food which was just mediocre. They seem to be under staffed for there was only one waitress on a Sunday morning.Stopped in for breakfast one morning before heading to a conference. The coffee was fresh and the food was tasty - I had the egg sandwich will all the add-ons. Service was friendly and the environment was nice. Would go back!The food here is AMAZING! This Sunday I had the special, $12 which included Eggs Benedict on english muffins, bacon, crab meat, fresh avocado, and mixed greens. I am a returning customer and have never been let down. They atmosphere is friendly and quaint.I visited Toast 4:30ish (pm) on a Wednesday. Very non-busy, so my sister and I had comfortable seating with plenty of room for both eating and working on netbooks/tablets (free wifi is very decent for that). The guy who waited on us was friendly and efficient, and the food arrived quickly. We were both happy - my sister had a "real meal" (pot roast, mashed potatoes, bread, and side salad) and was happy with everything (the side salad was even good with true greens and the main meal definitely satisfied her comfort food craving), while I went for a grilled cheese w/ tomato and ham, with chips on the side. I don't often find a grilled cheese that truly says "grilled cheese" to me (and not just cheese melted on toast, which is a different beast altogether), but theirs is a very adequate version. The cheese was just right and the ham was a tasty touch. I'm not sure if they make their own desserts, but my sister said the carrot cake was one of the best she's had.
Short version? Comfortable seating and a nice place to work, free wifi, friendly staff w/ more than adequate food delivered quickly, and relatively inexpensive. I'll be back.I had a very pleasing experience here and possibly the best grilled cheese/tomato soup combo I've ever had in my life.  The atmosphere is very welcoming and simple; great spot for a lunch break!Place Was filled with smoke presumably from the grill and food took an entire hour to arrive :(Great sandwiches, go for the sourdough bread! So affordable - brunch of two sandwiches with sides and two coffees for $18. Very friendly staff, fast service tooI never write Yelp reviews, I generally use it to find bars and restaurants when traveling, but I had an awful experience I need to tell about. I arrived at a little past six in the evening I immediately saw a young blondish woman behind the counter holding court with about five other UoA students. After listening to them prattle on for about two minutes about house parties and hangovers, and receiving no attention. I left. If your going to hire people, make sure they are mature enough for the job.They seems to have a very bad planning. I only ordered an egg sandwich and it took them almost an hour. Looks like most reviewers mentioned waiting time.Went to this little cafe for brunch to redeem a groupon I had gotten. I ordered the mushroom poached eggs with a side of home fries. Mine was pretty okay, but the eggs were not seasoned and were more over easy than poached. The mushrooms and potatoes were fine, but cold when I got them. The english muffin was kind of hard and not so warm either. Also, got a french press coffee which was pretty tasty. I would say this spot is more of a coffee and pastry type of place rather than somewhere to go for brunch. Service was fine, but it took quite a bit seeing as we were one of two couples in the