Simplicity at it's finest. What do they sell? Authentic Tortillas and tortilla chip, salsa. This placed in the heart of the historic Italian Market. It's so simple, I'm trying to find other things to say about this place.Best corn chips...It will be hard to go back to other chips after tasting these fresh, crunchy, crispy chips unless you can make them this perfectly yourself.
A large bag of blue corn chips filled to the top of an extra large zip lock bag (at least a pound of chips) for $5.00. Worth every penny!!
Their home made red salsa is spicy and definitely hot! 
And about 30 fresh made tortillas for $2.00?? 
This was $10.00 well spent!!A kilo of fresh, warm tortillas for $2?  Yes please!!
They are super friendly and will let you sample a warm tortilla or chips with the green or red salsas (which are also for sale).... mmm.This place is another gem in the Italian Market. 30 fresh and delicious corn tortillas for $2.25?! There is no better way to perfect taco night. Plus, they make fresh tortilla chips to go. I went there yesterday to get some things to host taco night, and I will never have another taco night without stopping here first. The corn tortillas were still warm! That's how fresh they were.  Everyone was raving about the tortillas and the chips. I also got a pico de gallo and guacamole. They were also fresh and delicious. This is a perfect place to stop before dinner or a party to make it even better. The prices are so affordable. I highly recommend this place.I like it when I roll into a place after haven eaten one too many tamales at a nearby joint, and having a warm tortilla shoved in my face: "HERE, TRY THIS! 'S GOOD!" The kind man behind the countered beckoned me. I could smell the warm, fluffy flour. 
The salsas on the counter - one green and one red (Feliz Navidad mes amis - I get languages confused when I'm excited...sorry.) - and each rightfully spicy...like actually spicy. So don't idiotically smear the spice all over your warm tortilla, roll it up, and eat it like spice burrito minus the beans. It won't work.
Do, instead, stuff the pipping hot fresh pressed round tortilla into your mouth. Savor the delicacy of a finely crafted Mexican staple, and be glad you went to the Italian Market...because now there's something worth the trip.No tortilla chip has ever compared. The others are like coffee grinds and San Roman is the coffee.
Do not be intimidated by the pronunciation of tortilleria. You say it like Tortilla followed by the latter half of, you know, loose motions.
The salsa are extremely hot. Watch your tongues.
Also, they make the tortillas on this machine directly behind the counter, so the place smells amazing, and you get to see the cute little circles rolling out of the conveyor belt. 
Def ten tortillas up!
Check these folks out.In a winter full of 50+ degree days there was at least one Saturday where the wind blew light snowflakes around the Italian Market.  Metal trash cans housed fires providing heat for the produce vendors.  I decided to warm up in Tortilleria San Roman around 11 as they were prepping the machine to make blue corn tortillas.  
I watched as they pulled mounds of blue dough out of the mixer & stuffed the press to the brim.  Then one by one, the hot tortillas slowly made their way up the conveyor belt.  Samples were passed out to all - including the house made verde & spicy salsas (marvelous bite/ kick to the red salsa).
For $2 per kilo, this deal can't be beat.  Blanco are always available, blue a little later in the day.This place is the business.
Fresh made tortillas and salsas.  From what I can tell, they do yellow corn and blue corn.  The blue is where it's at.
The red salsa is super flavorful and quite spicy.  Haven't tried the green yet.
The price will make you cheer.
Increible!A kilo of warm, fresh, blue corn tortillas. Oily, crunchy chips, and some spicy, smokey red salsa all for $8. And I leave a happy person. Reminds me of visiting my family in Mexico... these tortillas are great, soft, slightly spongy. I opened the bag right in the tortilleria and ate a couple, and then a couple more on my walk home.I really love Mexican food.
This place is on somewhere top of the list in my quest to find a good authentic Mexican place.these tortillas will change your life. be sure to get a sample with salsa so you can taste the tortillas when they're fresh and warm. 
we were also able to ask the owner where to get some of the mole ingredients we couldn't find on our own while wondering around the italian market. 
true gem.Very good fresh hot tortillas at a decent price!
They also have house made chips and salsas!
Surprisingly they accept credit card for even a charge of $5! Win win.Best chips, tortillas and red sauce I've ever had. And dirt cheap. Amazing!Sooooooo good!!  This is a gem of a spot and anyone who considers themselves a South Philly local should check this place out.  Watch out for the red salsa, it'll hurt ya!  The blue corn chips are amazing, as well are the tortillas fresh off the press.  They even gave us samples while we were waiting.  This is about as authentic as you can get.I think their Pico de Gallo is the best I've ever had. It's perfection. Their tortillas are next level too. This place is maybe the best value spot going.The only thing that's a little pricey is the salsas but they are delicious and a must - especially the green!  Stop in for some authentic deliciousness and throw the store-bought imposters away!Great place to hang out. Freshly made tortillas, chips and salsa are the highlights. Overall the food and service are great.I was casually walking by and saw their sign for fresh corn tortillas for $1.25! They were delicious and I'll definitely keep going back.The only place to get fresh tortillas in Philadelphia. The tortillas themselves are the only things I'll use as the base for my tacos, and the chips are absolutely addictive.Simply the freshest corn tortillas around. However, they make large tortillas (4.5") which is the common size you'd find in a grocery market... IF ordering a large batch, make sure to ask for pickup in the morning to get the tortillas FRESH out the oven.The tortillas at this tiny corner shop are incredible. This is all they do (some salsa as well) and they are masters. Located in the Italian market you have to look carefully or you'll walk right past.
You get a huge stack wrapped in paper for a couple dollars. First, you'll use the tortillas as a wrap for dinner foods, next you'll start looking for things to wrap that may or may not make sense, finally you'll be splashing them with salsa or green Tabasco - or just eating them plain.
It's a little bit of Mexico come to philadelphia.Unreal how good the tortillas and chips are from here. I will walk as far as I have to for their tortillas and chips. They are located in a small corner shop in the middle of the Italian market and they crank out tortillas all day long. The second you open the door, you are seduced by the beautiful aroma of fresh tortillas popping out onto the conveyor belt setup they have for the tortilla press. I never go in there without getting a bag of chips, and they sell you a ton of tortillas for the price. They supply a lot of the restaurants in the city with their tortillas and chips, and thank the lord for that because they are outstanding.The red salsa is also straight fire. It is so intense, but its a really great flavor.
Over and over and over again, that's when I will be back. I seriously could eat a whole bag of the chips and a pound of the tortillas every day. If you haven't tried it, you really need to, you wont regret it.I was visiting Philly from out of town and needed a snack that I could walk around with. I dropped in and grabbed a small bag of chips with some guacamole. Let me say that it was warm and smelled like home inside the little shop. It didn't look like there was really anywhere to sit down and enjoy a meal so it's mostly for walking around food like I did. The guacamole was freshly made, somewhat spicy (but not bad, even for a lightweight like the person I was with) and very delicious. Coming here was a great idea for someone touring the city, the market around there is also a nice sight to see if you're looking to experience busy crowds and little shops spilling out onto the sidewalk. Highly recommended! :)Best at what they do- fresh tortilla chips, warm, soft tortillas and salsa. Like the other reviewers said- its always fresh and best tasting. Been here a few times and never disappointed.The lard fried chips. Oh. My. God.
They also sell a mean fresh green salsa. Totally delicious and addictive. Try the nopales salad, perfectly seasoned and lots of onions. Yum!!What is there to say?  $2 will get you a huge stack of fresh tortillas.  Not sure what I'm going to do with them this week, but I started with a delicious quesadilla.  Will definitely check out the salsas next time.I'm not sure what else to say that hasn't been said. Tortilleria San Roman is in a small unassuming corner of the Italian Market, but it's packed with charm, friendliness, and THE MOST AMAZING TORTILLAS ON EARTH. 1 kilo for $2?! How do you say no to this? The chips and salsas are also incredible. Please, just go and buy a kilo, if you're looking for tortillas and are in the area. They're better than anything you'll ever get in a grocery store. Tortilleria San Roman also has interesting Latin cuisine products as well, such as Jarritos soda, if you're looking for that!Great experience and lovely people.  Menu was filled with terrific tacos and meatballs and was very healthy and filling.my father and i were walking through the italian market. my nose caught a whiff of corn....delicious, fresh, hot corn - and i knew i was in trouble. i stopped dead in my tracks, closing my eyes as i stood, frozen, on 9th street, my father a few steps ahead quizzicly assessing my pause. i turned around and lo and behold, a door was wide open unleashing the scent of a man parked in front of a tortilla press, gently receiving the hot sheets of goodness coming off the little belt. i watched as he deftly collected them into a pile, wrapping then in bakery paper, and estimating their weight. my saucer eyes must have amused the man behind the counter, because he promptly handed me and my father one, soft and warm in our hands. the taste was unlike anything i've had - goya, mission, ortega - they can all go to hell. i don't WANT a tortilla unless it was made here. it's like i've eaten from the tree of knowledge and now can never go back to eden. eh, whatever. ignorance was NOT bliss. i asked if i could buy a dollar's worth, since i live alone, and still was presented with a pile of lovelies as think as my arm. 
             SO - now i have one MORE thing to be particular about. GREAT. i have big plans for you, tortilla babies...BIG. PLANS. WORD.I expected these tortillas to be good for Philly but, no, these are just the best tortillas I've ever tasted, period. 
I can't get over how flavorful they are. They are light and fluffy with a rich taste of fresh masa. They taste better than homemade tortillas (sorry mom) and seem like a different product altogether from dry supermarket tortillas. 
Plus, the owners are warm and friendly. 
Don't hesitate, go buy these!I went here specifically off of the Yelp! reviews and bought chips to bring to a party.  They were a HIT.  That's all there is to it.Delicious, warm tortillas right off the belt. For only $1.25 I got a half kilogram, so why would I ever go back to the grocery store for refrigerated tortillas. The guacamole was fantastic. The chips were great. The salsa was good, fresh, and VERY spicy. Definitely going back.Had to downgrade my review, unfortunately. Still great tortillas, but we just walked a half an hour from CC to South Philly after 1pm just so we could get blue corn (they only make them after 1), and they gave us regular ones. So, word to the wise, check if you are getting the right kind before you leave.Very very good. 
The chips are the best I've ever eaten. The corn tastes heavenly. Perhaps a tiny bit extra oil than I would have liked, but they taste divine.
The corn tortillas come warm, fresh off a machine conveyer belt, and taste very good warm. I roasted them for about 3-4 minutes on a skillet after I came home, to make a little crisp and cook them a little more. 
Remember, they sell them by the kilo, at $2 per kilo. That gives you plenty of tortillas - maybe 30 or so. They're small though, and I finished each taco that I made using them, in about 4 bites. I plan to keep the remaining ones in the fridge, and I was told that in order for the tortillas to not stick to each other, I would have to separate them by hand first and then if I wanted, stack them back together. The stack of tortillas comes wrapped in paper, which was moist by the time I got home. So I separated them, re-stacked them, and then sealed them into a zip-lock bag. 
I was thinking of putting some in the freezer, but I don't know if they're taste the same after I defrost them. Something to experiment with.
The green salsa is a little tangy and very flavorful. The red salsa is also excellent. It is VERY hot, and I know that I've eaten very hot food in my life, and this one is right up there. Which is why, when  you drip a tiny amount on your taco, it adds immense amounts of flavor. Delicious.
I am definitely going back for the salsa, chips and tortillas.This is my first review, but I just have to share how great this place is. I bring their chips and salsa to every single party I go to. And their tortillas have made it impossible for me to eat any other.TSR is a tiny store front in the heart of the Italian market.  I had to check it out since it's gluten free and mostly vegetarian. Their items are made from very simple, wholesome ingredients.  I purchased a package of six of the tiacoyos - black beans with an outer corn tortilla shell for $4.75.  I had asked about the best way to eat them.  They said that they were okay to eat as is or I could cook them.  They were dry and somewhat tasteless as is, but the next day, I pan fried and topped them with my own home made guacamole and salsa.  They tasted like a meal that you would have at an upscale Mexican restaurant.  Also got a case of mangoes right outside their door for $5 that will make an excellent salsa.  Wish that I had known about this place sooner!We lived nearby and made this a regular weekly stop. Everything is delicious. Miss it -my family talks fondly of this place regularlyNOT a restaurant - merely an open room tortilla bakery that sells warm tortillas over the counter.Be still my California heart!
I no longer have to have my mom smuggle delicious chips, tortillas and salsa from home to keep me from wasting away.The tortillas are the best corn tortillas I've ever had. Plus their salsas taste great. They're spicy with a great flavor, which can be hard to find since a lot of times you get spicy and nothing else.. We sort of wandered into this place, and it was a happy discovery. They don't sell flour tortillas (full of delicious lard), if that's what you're looking for, unfortunately. Cash-onlyNow, i live in West Philly, where I can get pretty much every ethnic cuisine but Mexican. The thing is, I could live off beans and tortillas. That's what makes the tortilleria such a treat.
Fresh made tortillas. At a very good price. Really, $2 gives me more tortillas than I can possibly eat, and I can base every meal off those things. And they're still warm, not a month old and wrapped in plastic at the supermarket! Add some Mexican grocery items to keep you distracted? I'm sold!I was a little confused. This place only sells tortillas, chips and salsas, but it's so worth checking out. The man working there let us try the green and red salsas with fresh, still warm tortillas. They were both good, but the red was really spicy, so beware. Their pico was also excellent.Philly has arrived. Freshly made tortillas.  My kids beg me to go downtown and get them.  The supermarket kind just can't compare.  These roll so easily you can make anything with them.  Special orders for little restaurant style size are easily made.  Sunday they run the machine morning, so you can get them home and they will still be piping hot.  Worth the trip. The owner is very friendly too.IT SMELLS AMAZING IN HERE!
It's really small. Most of the space is the kitchen area. 
The corn tortillas are sold in amounts of 15. They're wrapped in paper and warm when you get them. We talked with the guy who works here about how to use and store them properly. They last only a week because they're fresh and LEGIT. They're so soft and not grainy like store bought corn tortillas.
They sell a variety of salsas, pico de gallo, guac, etc. I didn't get any this time, but I'm gonna try the salsa verde when I come back.
The homemade tortilla chips were the best I've ever had! You might want to get multiple bags because you might eat one on the way home...These guys continue to be amazing at what they do.
A fan from the first day they've opened, they continue to pump out the best and freshest.  An experience i thought i would never have again (or in Philly) without making more trips down to Mexico City (or without paying a buttload at a premium restaurant).
Every now and then you might stumble upon a special meal of the day they've decided to share with all their customers.
This is the place to go when you want the authentic flavors of fresh tortillas and tortilla chips.  And of course it's the one-stop-shop for all your other standard dry goods needed for your feasts, and yummy sodas.
Also the blue corn are delicious, and even better as one yelper suggested, when put in the oven a second brings out an extra special flavor not found in the yellow corn.
I can't wait for warmer weather when the doors can be left open and the smells waft around the market! :)i read all the rave reviews and expected the best chips and salsa ever.  Chips were good, not great.  The green salsa was pretty good.  The red salsa was hot which i love, but no flavor.  I love Sriracha for example not because it has some kick, but because it has great flavor.Excellent chorizo and taco shells...love this place.  Chorizos have the kind of heat that grows slowly...wife is there weekly!Great spot in the Italian (and Mexican) Market. I'm more than ok with this infusion, nothing like being able to get fresh handmade pasta and then going across the street for fresh handmade tortillas. That's a win-win in my book
Grabbed some fresh chips for $3 (huge bag) and a housemade salsa roja to take into work one day, which was spicy as hell but tasted great, so I kept going back. Also, I feel like I have been jipped my whole life on this Jarritos thing. Why are Mexican sodas so much better than anything I've ever had? Spread the word, drink Jarritos.I have driven out of my way many times to get tortilla chips here. They are the best chips I've ever had anywhere. The blue corn chips are my go to, but the regular chips are just as amazing. I usually end up eating 1/4 of the bag just on my drive home!Any reviews under 5 stars for San Roman are craziness. I'm sorry but it's  true. This place is amazing. I want to sleep on a bed of their warm tortillas. I have rested my cheek on a half kilo before. Try it.
    Any party I throw involves their chips and salsa. If I offer the leftover chips to people they actually tend to take them home. Offer a quarter bag of Tostitos crumbs to your party guests and see if they are totally psyched to take them home. 
The squeaky sound of the tortilla oven is really cool and muy auténtico too.obviously, you should always get your corn tortilla's here. it tastes amazing and is as fresh as it gets. They are located in the italian market. service is friendly and they take credit card. The salsa's here are not my absolute favorite because of how incredibly spicy everything was. we got an avocado salsa which was more on point than the red salsa but still, it was pretty spicy.
As people have mentioned. it's delicious and very cheap! If I were you, i'd just get the chips and tortilla's here and make your own salsa at home (at least I'm pretty sure that's what I'll be doing next time)Absolutely the best tortilla chips I have ever had.  So good with their homemade Pico De Gallo and green salsa, but yummy plain too.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  Can't wait to go back for some GuacamoleIs there a superlative better than best? If so, Tortilleria San Roman deserves it. Chips, Tortillas and Salsa Verde please!Seriously. You can't get any better than this little genius place just churning out goodness. Who doesn't want their tortillas literally hot off the press? Sometimes they take them right out of the machine and pack them up for you, They are always still warm when you buy them.  And as others have said, they are dirt cheap. 
(Also, I love buying by the kilo. It feels like I am traveling, which I can't afford to do at the moment, so thank you, Tortilleria San Roman for giving me a little taste of it.) 
We have also bought their chips and salsa for parties, and it goes over big. 
But be forewarned: this may ruin you for store-bought tortillas. You know what you'll do after trying this place, if someone ever hands you a crumbling, dry, stale disc that came out of a plastic bag? You will throw it right in their face. That is what you'll do.This place makes me happy to live in South Philadelphia.  
Walk in and get a HUGE bag of FRESH tortilla chips for CHEAP.  Try some HOT SALSA too.   Grab some good cheese from across the street and go home and make some RAD nachos. 
Or just get some fresh tortillas -- steamy and soft and ready to go.The best place to by corn tortilla! Whenever I make Mexican dishes at home, I come here for their tortilla and salsa. The tortilla are fresh, not too thick, and taste delicious. They are also very cheap!!!I'm not sure why Tortilleria San Romano is listed under Best of Yelp restaurants because it is definitely NOT a restaurant.  It is, however, a great little minimalist shop in the heart of the Italian Market that sells fresh tortillas, freshly fried tortilla chips, one or two additional Mexican dough-based items (to be cooked at home), and salsa.  
My husband and I walked from Logan Square to check this place out (because of the rave reviews on Yelp), but we were disappointed when we realized that the only thing we'd be able to purchase for immediate consumption were the chips and salsa.  Regardless, with our highly touted prize in hand, we walked to an empty bench a couple of blocks away so we could eat in relative peace and quiet.  The chips were super crunchy and fresh-tasting, and the mild green salsa was a nice accompaniment, but they weren't anything we'd write home about (this Yelp review does not count).  I've had freshly fried tortilla chips in the past, and the ones I ate today did not scream "best ever!"  Still, we're glad we stopped in.
I wanted to give Tortilleria San Roman three stars because I felt misled by a couple of the reviews that talked about lunches and tacos, but that's not anything the store controls and it's entirely possible they do serve lunch and we just missed it.  Sigh.Totally deserved 5 stars. The best chips, salsa and guac. That's all they do and they do it very well. Super tasty, fresh and they deserve all of the accolades that they get.Fresh, delicious, consistent! Wish they'd have blue corn chips more often.So delightful. Everything here is perfect and I don't know what I'll do if we ever move out of the neighborhood!
Our preference is definitely for the white corn (everything) over the blue corn (everything).Awesome tortillas.  Incredible chips.  Best salsa verde I've ever had.  Yet to try the blue corn tortillas, but I've had the blue corn chips and they were great.  Reccommend it to anyone in the area.  These guys are masters of the few things that they make.  Definitely stop in!The best tortilla chips.  Can't go back to the prepackaged ones sold in grocery stores after having these.
Their pico de gallo is very good tooStore bought chips will be ruined after you get these tortilla chips. Much like buying supermarket waterice and then going to italianos. Its simple food, chips and tortillas, but youll appreciate the dedication put into it. The blue ones rockThe chips.  They are so good.  I have no salsa, no sour cream, no cheese... they are still well on their way to extinction.Tortilleria San Roman is pretty much everything I love about life: I'm not kidding. San Roman is about passionate people making excellent and honest products that bring joy to every single person who buys them -- witness their stellar reviews. 
The first time I walked in, soon after they opened, I was dismayed that they only sold tortillas because I was looking for lunch, but the gentleman behind the counter offered me a sample fresh off the hand press with great pride. I would have been captivated by the wonderful aroma alone, and tasting it was even better. I didn't know that tortillas could be this exquisite. I was hooked. 
Soon afterward, they upgraded their equipment and could crank out more of those flat golden rounds of fluffy, corny deliciousness, while also selling chips and excellent, bright, fresh salsa. On weekends, you can get the wonderful blue corn tortillas -- earthy and even better! It seems that they are also supplying some local restaurants, and I am so glad that they seem to be thriving!
I wish every city could have a San Roman, but I'm so glad that we have San Roman here in Philly. It's obviously about more than making a buck for these folks; they make a simple, staple food with an integrity you can taste -- in their small way, they are making a difference. If you're reading this, come down and visit -- once you try a sample, you'll be hooked too.This place sells really good fresh corn tortillas, and has some mexican groceries. Their avocado salsa is also really good, and pairs well with the tortillas for tacos. It is not a true restaurant, so don't come here expecting a sit down meal. Come for tortillas and salsa and maybe hot food if they are selling tamales or something to go.Found out from a friend about this shop and had to get their awesome chips before going down to the shore for the weekend! Perfect amount of salt, lots of crunch and contagiously delicious!Life altering tortillas.  Salsa is flavorful and spicy.  Delicious and always a must when we're in the market.We recently heard the buzz about tortilleria san roman and just happened to be having taco tuesday at our house this week so figured we give it a shot!  It was the best decision I have made this week :).  30 tortillas for $2.00 was just the tip of the iceberg on how great this place is.  They were warm when we purchased them and so fresh.  They were hearty and light at the same time with such a wonderful flavor.  We also opted for a bag of the blue corn tortilla chips as well.  Couldn't have asked for a better taco fiesta dinner. Will be returning soon and will NEVER buy store made tortillas again! Now just have to find out if they freeze well?Best. Tortillas. Ever. Its incredible that they make the tortillas fresh here and are super cheap... unfortunately they give you a lot for the price and all I could eat was about 2 - and had to trash the rest... for sure if I lived locally I would always have these in stock!!!!I kick myself for only purchasing chips, I long to try the salsa now...must travel back to tortilleriaI just had to check out the #1 Yelp spot when in Philly. Quick friendly service, got the medium tortilla chips and copped that half kilo... Of tortillas. Just tasting the goods I didn't taste anything out of the ordinary, but the tortillas held real well for my sloppy tacos and the chips stayed crunchy for my side nachos!All the rave reviews are true. This little store is amazing! Dirt-cheap, delicious and fresh tortillas, incredible chips fried in lard and the salsas are pretty yummy, too. Staff was friendly and helped me figure out how much tortillas I needed to get. Can't wait to go back and get more for another taco dinner soon!This place makes a business of doing nothing else besides churning out fresh corn tortillas, so you know they have to be BOMB.
I was walking through Philly's Italian Market and snuck a peek inside, strictly out of curiosity. One of the guys behind the counter caught me looking and insisted that I come in and try one. He pulled out a stack of tortillas and they were still hot and SO flavorful. One bite, and my mind and tastebuds were instantly transported back in time to childhood, when I had a Guatemalan best friend, whose mom made fresh tortillas just like these.
There's no ambiance or decor, just amazing tortillas that are $2 per kilo.
 (AKA: 2.2 pounds, AKA: about 2 dozen tortillas, AKA: a huge stack)I live 2 blocks away and get their tortillas and salsa on a regular basis. Their green salsa is only $3 and probably the best salsa I ever had. Everything is super fresh, quick and cheap, thus all the great ratings. People there are also very friendly.Love it! Best value in the city! Kilos of tortillas, giant bags of tortilla chips, all fresh and cheap. The only thing that's a little pricey is the salsas but they are delicious and a must - especially the green!This place rocks!!  All they pretty much sell is fresh corn tortillas, tortilla chips, and salsa, besides the shelf of a small array of Mexican products. They're corn tortillas are so yummy! Being Mexican myself, I can appreciate good quality Mexican products and this is def authentic stuff. Their salsas are just simply amazing. Probably the best I've ever had. 
They also sell BLUE corn tortillas and tortillas chips, but I think those are only made on the weekends.If you are looking for fresh tortillas and chips, there is no place better to go.  House made, and prepared the same day, there is no better product or price.Best tortillas around!  They also have amazing salsas and fresh tortilla chips-I'm Mexican so having freshly made tortillas is such a delight!What is there left to say about San Roman? Great products at great prices, service with a smile. For $12 we got a kilo of corn tortillas (about 30 of them?), "small" bag of chips, pico de gallo, and queso fresco. All was fresh & wonderful. We'll be back often!