I was not overly impressed.  The menu was very limited.  They did not have Cesaer salad.  The risotto lacked a mushroom flavor.  Brandzino was okay .  The dish was described as topped with shrimp.  That meant 2 scrawny shrimp.  The grilled Romaine salad was tasty.  I thought the meal was okay.  Nothing great.  Probably won't return.  Too many other better places.Carefully prepared, TRULY delicious food. ALL pasta is house made; eggplant rollatini are phenomenal. 
Waitstaff is pleasant and attentive.  Reasonably priced and BYOB. Truly an amazing restaurant.  WHAT MORE IS THERE TO ASK FOR?The $35 cash only four course dinner on Sunday is really a deal. The seasoning of the pasta is a masterpiece. The duck confit is good but not that tender.Mediocre dinner tonight...most of the dishes lacked real flavor or punch. Mussels in red sauce didn't taste much different than canned soup. Garlic might have helped. Main courses about the same. 
Service awkward. Not a real wine ice bucket so top of wine stayed warm. Had to ask them to bring it to freezer, which worked. Pitcher they used useless. 
Even the bread was dismal.Where do we start. We arrived promptly for our 8:30 reservation only to be told there were no tables available for rest of night (I even called that morning to verify). They stuffed us in a corner where we could  barely fit right by the kitchen and cash register. Food came out undercooked, lobster ravioli tasted old and bitter. Waiter was rude. General manager did nothing to help or make things right. BE CAUTIOUS going there. You may end up embarrassed.I still think this place is great and a totally super deal for the quality of the food on offer.  Everything I've said stands, but now I want to add that they've put together a really lovely patio for outdoor dining.  We ate outside this weekend and it was great.  Food was super as always.  Pan seared mozzeralla special antipasto -- deeelish.  Salads -- all great.  Lamb, salmon and a made to order vegetarian pasta.  Thumbs up.  Lemon mousse, tiramisu and nona's cake for dinner -- all lovely.  Espresso -- kept me up all night, just as I would have hoped!  Service, good as always, even with a missing waitperson.What can i say that I didn't say in my previous post.  This place is fantastic.  The food ,the ambiance, . My boyfriend and I went again a couple weeks ago and i got this lamb dish and the meat was just falling off the bone, it was so tender.  My boyfriend had duck and it was super moist and flavorful.  I almost wish i could've licked the plate it was that good.  I will be back again trust me.  The only reason i gave it 4 stars not 5 was the person that waited on us had a bit of an attitude, and it seemed to both of us that it was only our table . She was overly attentive to everyone else,  we weren't sure what the problem was, we are an interracial couple, but this is Mt. Airy and it's like the capital of diversity up here Hopefully she was just having an off day,  but service is key in a restaurant.Not too crowded on a Wednesday night. Professional service. Good specials. Enjoyed arugula salad and boar shank. Portions just right.Love this place--it was hard choosing what to eat. I had the mozzarella di bufalo (grilled eggplant, tomatoes, basil oil and fig balsamic) followed by the salmon.  I usually don't order salmon out because it's so easy to make at home but this was delicious (Seared to a crisp on the outside and moist inside with sesame flavoring.)  Others at the table had the pasta special (freshly made pappardelle) and the zuppa di pesce which was chock full of shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams and salmon.  The service was a little slow (only one server on duty...I'm sure they weren't expecting a full house on a Tuesday nigh) but the restaurant is so pleasant and the manager so friendly we didn't even care.  I'm sure they will work that out. And no corkage fee!
Can't wait to go back and gorge myself with carbs next time!This is probably my favorite place we visited in Philly!! Some locals recommended it and it was amazing.  We had the grilled calamari (yum) along with the Wild mushroom ravioli and mushroom risotto! The homemade bread was great too! Can't go wrong here!!Best Italian place in Philly! Love this place and love the chef! Though it's a bit small and gets busy fast, it's worth it!!Great neighborhood, homey Italian BYOB restaurant. Appreciated the variety of the menu for the price, and excellent service. Can be cramped and loud (I'll request the window tables for 4 the next time). Had a 7pm reservation in June and wish there were more light above our table to see our meal. Overall though a lovely meal -- definitely worth a try.I loved everything about this meal. We shared the braised short rib and the linguini with seafood in white sauce. Amazing! For appetizer we had the mozzarella salad with grilled eggplant and the grilled calamari salad. Everything was superb. Great atmosphere,  great food, great service. I'm so glad we came. Next time we won't forget the pictures.Excellent food atmosphere and service. We had the arugula salad the beets, salmon fish, mushroom ravioli, Brussel sprouts, cauliflower and tiramisu! Will be back!Delicious... Great service... Wild stuffed mushroom ravioli... Rissotto porcini mushrooms... Calamari... FantasticThe ambiance is intimate, our waiter was great, and all the food was absolutely amazing! We had smoked Mozzarella, calamari, veal, and a cannoli. I will definitely be back to try their other menu items!House made pasta with perfectly cooked seafood is always a winner. Their bread and dipping oil is mediocre, but their buffalo mozzarella app is tasty. I had the spaghetti Nero and it was delicious. They have gluten free pasta available for those who need it. 
On Tuesday and Sunday they offer a cash only 4-course meal special that seems like a great deal, if you can eat that much!This is my favorite Mt. Airy restaurant! The food is outstanding: mozzarella di buffalo, roasted beet pistachio starter, every entree, just amazing.  The owner is so personable and goes out of his way to make every dinner special. Just love this place!!!!Quaint and cozy spot for dinner. I wanted something different than cheesesteaks this trip to Philly, and decided to go with some authentic Italian. The food was pretty good, and I like the BYOB concept. (The wine store is a few doors down) I had the Veal Mare Monte as an entree, and the crab stuffed artichoke heart for an appetizer. My entree wasn't served with pasta, like I'd hoped. But, once I tasted it, I realized the pasta wasn't needed. The veal was very tender, and I'm not sure how they make that sauce, but it was amazing. I had the creme brûlée for dessert, and was a bit disappointed because it was noticeably burnt, but was served anyway. It was replaced; not burnt, but ice cold. I didn't send it back again, it was tasty. But, I would have preferred it room temperature. I'd go back for a different entree, maybe even try a special. Make reservations, it is small inside.We were here last night after having to cancel our plans to come here a few times... I am glad we persisted! Excellent service, adorable space, accommodating menu (I am Gluten-intolerant) and the food was delicious. It was hard to decide what to order! Can't wait to go back and try something different. Thumbs up on the Salmon with sesame seeds and wild rice, and the Linguine (gluten free) Adriatica with seafood and a lovely, light but flavorful red sauce. The corn soup with lump crab and arugula oil (which was a special) was absolutely wonderful; the right blend of flavors and warmed us up quick! We look forward to being regulars here. Welcome to the neighborhood, Trattoria Moma! Sorry we're late to the party... But we're happy we finally made it.Little neighborhood place that used to be Umbria back in the day. Delicious food. Had a beautiful, vertical beet salad  sandwich with a goat cheese filling with pistachio pesto. Blue crab capellini entree was great, perfect portion size. Rounded out the meal with homemade tiramisu. Yum!Good food, great service. Homemade pasta was excellent. Was first time there. Will definitely go back.Attractive small place. Interesting menu. Food was good but portions are very small. Service..young waiter and waitress, pleasant and charming ..brought incorrect order twice, not attentive to filling water glasses etc. The major issue here is horrendous noise levels in a very small space. impossible to hear the person across the table from you. Won't return primarily because of the noise.Good atmosphere. Solid service. Food was good. I enjoyed the time. Had the branzino special. Enjoyed it a lot. My wife's duck was pretty solidDelicious, reasonably priced food served in a charming atmosphere! Potentially the best Italian I've had! The noodles are homemade and exquisite, as is the bread served before the meal. 
While it may be hard, make sure to leave room for dessert. I had the tres leches cake and it was mouthwatering. I'm sure the other dessert options are delicious as well. It's a lovely spot to sip coffee, savor something sweet, and reflect on a great meal.Wow- from the lamb that melted off the bone into my mouth to the grilled calamari and salmon to the freshly made pasta- bellisimo!!! Great service too!  Don't miss this Mt Airy gem.My friend and I wanted to try a new restaurtant so, with her two children in tow,  we decided on Trattoria Moma.  Never again.  When we arrived, between 5:30 and ^p.m.  there were only 2 tables in use, the rest of the restuarant was EMPTY.  The hostess asked us if we had reservations.  We did not (as this was spur of the moment)  however the website did not say the reservations were completely necessary.  The hostess then informed us that we could not be seated because ALL of the guests were coming in 45 minutes.  She chuckled and assured us that even though it was empty she was not simply turning us away; however she did not even attempt to make accomodations.  All was not lost, we wound up going to Earthbread Brewery accross the street; a much more inviting place and the food is delicious.What a wonderful find! Each item we ordered was a flavor explosion beautifully crafted and expertly delivered. Wild mushroom soup, homemade pumpkin ravioli with a vodka cream sauce and roared shrimp, wild mushroom ravioli with truffle sauce, eggplant with smoked ricotta and pistachio pesto and fettuccini Calabrese. We can't wait to return!!This is an outstanding example of an Authentic Italian trattoria, down to the house made bread and the no rush check. The food stands out with attentive detail orientated imaginative cuisine. All pasta is house made with a wonderful bright flavorful red sauce, house made.  Have had the lamb shank in past visits excellent.  If they are known for anything it is delicious seafood, say branzino with shrimp over lemon fettuccine.  Excellent calamari as an appetizer. Great specials grilled octopus with zucchini spears and roasted potatoes for a starter and the house made linguine in a white wine broth with little neck clams, scallops, and a half of lobster! Wow! Wonderful food. Tiramisu home made again and a great cap to a wonderful meal. And BYOB and reasonable. Nice atmosphere. A true neighborhood gem that is getting out of of the hood traffic to seek out. Reservations  a must on the weekends. Go and enjoy.3.5 (when will we ever be able to half star?)I suppose I need to preface this review by stating we went on New Year's Eve, just so we are all clear. Perhaps my expectations were not right-sized. Ultimately, and it pains me to say this: I felt a bit ripped off in food, value, and service.
Upon arrival: no one greeted us. This isn't because this restaurant was packed and busy and there wasn't a free face in the house, it's because it's poorly laid out. There is no host/hostess stand in the front, it seems as though that's in a room further back. This means I could see a young lady counting cash while my date and I stood stupidly in the middle of their dining room not knowing WTF was up, for what felt like several minutes. Not the feeling you want to start off with. 
Once we were seated the wait staff was prompt and pleasant. 
We ordered an appetizer that was eggplant, goat cheese and red peppers. I felt it was poorly balanced - loaded with goat cheese and not enough of any other component to balance it. It ended up being super rich, which was disappointing. It was also chilled which wasn't noted in the description. For some reason that just bugs me. Stingy on the bread as well. I needed more of it to spread the goat cheese on as I had to reconstruct bites with my desired component proportion and two of us were given roughly 4 small slices. I DO appreciate not wanting to waste food and starting small, but... this was really, really small. 
Entrees: They were good, they were tasty. Would I pay that amount of money for them again? No. I get what this place is going for, but for that price point, an entree with no veg on it doesn't do it for me. I played along and ordered a side of Brussel sprouts. Unimpressed.
Also, I feel as though someone would challenge my review by pointing to the fact that this is an "upscale" restaurant. To that I say: this resturant has a carpeted floor which was strewn with visible food scrap, scuff marks along the wall because there is no chair-rail, and anyone who has watched an episode of Top-Chef's Restaurant Wars can attest to, committed the mortal sin of making me wait around ungreeted as I prepared to spend a fair deal of money. I'm not above dealing with these things, but I take it we are paying for (lack of) ambience as well. 
So, would I ever go back? According to their website they have a prix fixe deal on Sundays for $35 (if you pay cash). As this food was good, I would give that a whirl one day if it continues. Otherwise, I just think this place asks a bit much.Hands down best chow in Mount Airy.  The wild mushroom pasta was substantial and flavorful.  The lemon pasta that accompanied the Branzino screamed fresh.  And the wait-staff and ambience were center-city worthy.  I only wish they had more vegetarian meal options...4.7
Something special.
Like a small simple place in portofino, tuscancy, almafi coast. Emphasis on right size portions of homemade pasta with great attention to flavors and detail. Nice simple scene. Wonderful desserts. Very good value. Better than most fancy schmancy or hipster/cheffy italians in the city. File under hidden gem.This was our second visit here, and we enjoyed it just as much as the first time. First, it's great that you can bring your own wine. Second, and more impressive, is that they are very accommodating with their menu. They offer multiple options within each course option, and because of their willingness to be flexible, they'll remove unwanted items and/or offer substitutions. 
For example, I ordered the gnocchi with sweet peas in a cream sauce, but without the speck. And for my main dish, I was able to order the branzino without the shrimp and calamari (as I don't eat pork, shellfish, etc.). The waiter also asked if I wanted something to replace those items in my main dish, so I had Brussels sprouts added to my dish as well. The dishes were great, especially the pastas...the gnocchi was great and the lemon fettuccine with the branzino was fantastic!
The 3 others with me ordered 2 of the eggplant dish and one mushroom ravioli from the Primi section, and then 2 got salmon and one ordered the swordfish special as main dishes. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed every dish.
The restaurant is small, but cozy, although it can be a little noisy. But the efforts made by the restaurant to meet requests and still provide great food can't be beat. Would definitely return again.I've been to Trattoria Moma twice: once for a regular dinner and once for their pre-fixe Sunday dinner.  The food is very good, but the portions are the smallest I've ever experienced, especially the pre-fixe dinner.  I wasn't even close to sated, nor was my wife who requires a lot less food than I.  Because of this, we won't be returning.We stayed in the neighborhood and finally visited this restaurant! What a fabulous way to top off our anniversary festivities. From the fresh bread served with awesome bean purée in olive oil to the mozzarella and artichoke drizzled with pesto to the pasta with lump crab meat & fresh tomatoes to the melt in your mouth delicious lamb shank served with roasted vegetables and risotto. Our server was a sweetheart- very good service and great menu suggestions! She made our celebration memorable- we'll definitely be returning! BTW- It's a BYOB- which didn't bother us - as we can rack up a hefty bar tab!The food that we had was very good.  The beet and goat cheese appetizer was really delicious, and the calamari app featured properly grilled calamari and some kalamata olives over a small salad.  The bronzini entree was absolutely delicious - perfectly cooked, flakey in texture, served with some nice grilled shrimp and calamari.  The wild mushroom ravioli featured a few large, freshly made ravioli, filled with mushrooms and topped with more mushrooms in a cream sauce.  The restraint shown in the use of truffle oil is commendable since so many chefs - amateur and pro alike - way over use it.
The creme brulee was the only misstep as far as food goes.  Instead of a tasty, sweet and soft custard under the sugar shell, it was a thick, eggy custard lacking any sort of flavor.  
The ambiance is a bit strange here.  First thing through the door was the smell.  Musty and almost cat like.  It's carpeted with a somewhat plush carpet and not sure if that got wet and is the cause of the smell or not.  Also could have been the large portable air conditioner in the dining room that was hooked up to the basement door (not sure if that was venting out or sucking in basement air to chill the restaurant).  If they can address that I can see this being a good BYOB option in the area.The best! Bledi, the chef, is so talented! Not sure why I did not leave a review earlier but this place is spectacular!!! Loved everything, the true definition of fine dining.We went to this strangely inconspicuous BYOB restaurant last night to celebrate my son's getting the summer internship he wanted. I had the fresh goat mozarella salad and the duck leg, with cappuccino and tiramisu for dessert. Everything was delicious and artistically presented. Every time I eat here the food is superb and the servers are friendly and attentive. I don't understand why it's nearly empty some nights; the only thing I can think is that no one knows it is here. But really, it's worth a trip from Center City to eat here.Review doesn't include the food. Went on a Saturday.  Was lied to about wait times. It felt let no air conditioning on a summers night.  The dinning area was unpleasantly crowded.  Waiting area is tiny and in the back.  After over an hour of being told we would be seated in 5 minutes we leave and went to bacio instead.  The demographic of the other patrons was Much older than any restaurant I have been to.
To be fair the food that was coming out of the kitchen looked great.  We just didn't make it that far.  Will try again in a few months to see if they work the kinks out.Went last night for my husband's birthday dinner, just the two of us. We sat on their charming patio, which is lit with pretty string lights and a little away from the noise of the street. When we got there, we were the only folks on the patio, but it quickly filled up with other 7:00 reservations. I have to say I was not as impressed with the service as others have been. Our waitress was very sweet, but things were quite slow; it took quite a while to get water and a corkscrew for our wine. It's one thing to have an unobtrusive or relaxed take, but they just seemed unprepared for the number of diners they had and overwhelmed. We were even told at one point that the food would be a while because the kitchen was backed up. The food was good, but did not blow me away. We shared the buffala mozzarella appetizer, which was quite yummy. My husband had the veal saltimbocca, which he said was great, and I had the blue crab capellini, which was tasty, but could have used a little more flavorwise; it was lacking in much of the arugula pesto I was looking forward to. The chocolate lava cake was OK, not great. I'd definitely give Trattoria Moma another chance, but it won't be going into our regular restaurant rotation.Great food and great service!! Authentic italian food in a cozy, friendly atmosphere. Can't wait to go again. A true neighborhood gem!First visit exceeded expectations! We were a party of four and every dish elicited oooohs and ahsss. Not just for flavor but also for presentation. Standouts included the Roast Beet & Goat Cheese appetizer, Lobster Ravioli and Tiramisu. Service was excellent and prices were modest considering the high quality. It's a small place and the noise can get high but we loved our cosy window table. Can't wait to return!My wife and I want to Moma last night for an anniversary dinner.  We were most definitely impressed and we plan to return. 
We had a table in the window to watch a Friday evening in Mt. Airy unfold.  (Concerningly, we were the only couple in the place on this Friday night).  The service was totally relaxed and unobtrusive.  There was not a hint of our being rushed, even when I had to dash out for a bottle of wine (as we had not realized it was BYO).  
They make all their own pastas, as well as sausages.  They will substitute anything without question, which is nice for vegetarians or picky eaters.  
We started with the Mozzarella, which was subtle and just right.  It came with grilled eggplant and tomato.  Nothing fancy but suitable for an appetizer.
I ordered the spinach gnocchi with duck, pecorino, and dried cherries.  Others here have commented that it was bland but I found the combo of the salty cheese, sweet cherries, and duck to be excellent and would order it again.    Nadja had a pasta dish with tomatoes, peppers, and crab.  She subbed in one of the quirky other pastas on the menu for the capellini.  She was more impressed by the pasta than the sauce but enjoyed it nonetheless.
For dessert we shared a cannoli that was served with a citrus tinged ricotta.  This was light and flavorful and perfect with a cup of coffee.
We got out of there for a perfectly affordable $58 + tip.  That's less than we spent at any of the other MA or CH places we have checked out once you factor in overpriced cocktails.  
All in all, it was a very good meal at a great location. I am really hopeful that it draws more of a crowd because I cannot see it surviving with one or two parties a night.  We will go there again and bring friends.Went a couple months ago,  shortly after they opened, and all i can say is it was fabulous.  The food, the service , the atmosphere,  just outstanding.  Both my boyfriend and I enjoyed the experience and he's a little hard to please,  seriously we'll be back.I was reaaaaallllyyyy pleasantly surprised by my first dinner at Moma's.  I confess.  I was skeptical for reasons I won't go into here, but the point is, they totally won me over.
Service was absolutely adequate and totally pleasant.
Atmosphere lovely.  
But, it's the food we come for, right?  Everything we had was great  Three of us ate.  We all agreed.
I had arugula salad -- fairly priced and lovely.  Perfectly dressed.  One other salad at the table -- also appreciated.
The vegetarian offerings could be more extensive, but oh well.  Mushroom ravioli in cream sauce worked.  REALLY good, and though I ordered it, I'm not a big fan of mushrooms OR cream sauce.  I was impressed.  Cream sauce was not overly creamy and heavy -- really super texture and weight and delicious flavor.  Ravioli -- yum and the mushrooms were chopped finely and again, really nice texture and flavor.  For a non-fan, I'd say this is the best I've had, and trust me, I've had it elsewhere, many times.
One of us got the veal toscano -- impressive to look at and he was impressed with taste/flavor... yep, good.  The other got -- Pappardelle Bolognese - -and he was also really pleased with his meal.
Dessert?  One dining partner got tiramisu -- something else I'm not usually a fan of but this one was good -- melt in your mouth perfect with out being overly soppy and soaked... A chocolate lava cake also ended up at our table -- delicious.  
Welcome to the neighborhood Moma's.  We're glad to have you here.Wanted to give this 4 1/2 stars. Food was incredible! Hate Brussels sprouts with a passion but was stealing as many of these sauteed tidbits off my companion's plate as I could. The wild mushroom ravioli was to die for and the salmon crusted with sesame seeds sat on a bed of wild rice that was very exotic...well, wild! We had the Sunday special of 4 courses for $35 (cash only tho.) The place was quite busy by the time we left. 
I was pleased with the smaller portions as I was eating 4 courses after all! Can't wait to return!Update: gave this place another shot recently and am very glad that I did.  Went later to avoid the crowd so I don't know how that works but we received excellent service and thought the food was very good.  I strongly recommend the bruschetta appetizer.I tried Trattoria Moma for the first time this past weekend and enjoyed the experience quite a bit. The restaurant is right on Germantown Avenue in a cozy storefront just as you come into Mt. Airy. The space inside is small and a bit cramped (the main reason they are docked down to 4 stars), and I can imagine it could get a little loud during busy times - but that's also part of the appeal of a intimate Italian BYOB. My only complaint would be the uncomfortable chairs. Service and the staff were all attentive, friendly, and worked well as a team to get dishes out quickly. 
On to the most important part - the food! 3 of our party started off with the grilled calamari salad - it was a nice size for an appetizer/salad and tasted fresh, the lime vinaigrette was an especially nice touch. We all split an order of the spinach gnocchi with bay scallops, which turned out to be delicious. The housemade aurora vodka sauce was fantastic in this dish and definitely is something that I'll remember.
We all had different entrees, I went with the veal saltimbocca and it did not disappoint. There's something about ordering fresh veal at an Italian restaurant. The only minor letdown with this was the Chianti sauce that it was served with, while good, was not nearly as amazing as that vodka sauce in the prior course. The other folks I was with ordered the branzino, the lamb Romano, and the linguine Adriatic - everyone spoke highly of what they ordered and said they would be happy to come back. 
Overall, an enjoyable and authentic Italian dining experience. I definitely would recommend.Tuesday night in June.
Restaurant is not crowded at all, just a few patrons in.  The service was highly attentive, unobtrusive and helpful, between the waitress and busser. They've got it down to a smooth operation, which is great because it mirrors the quality of the food and the quiet comfort of the interior. 
The salmon carpaccio antipasti was a full plate of fanned salmon covering a slightly citrus hinting sauce, with arugula and capers on top. Clean, pungent and with just right creaminess in the salmon this was a smile making start to dinner.
My father had the lamb shank which was, as other Yelpers have said, fall off the bone done. Really full of flavor and shorn of unnecessary fattiness, served over rice (arborio?) and with the clear stock. Perfect. Really, which was surprising given that it is summer. Great job, chef.
My linguini adriatica had plenty of shellfish over al dente linguini that had just the right bit of bite and thickness, and it was perfect with the white wine sauce. The broth seemed to have gone through a sieve ir chinoise, and it smelled like the beach on a clear morning. 
Finishing up, I had one of the better tiramisus I've had in quite a while. It tasted so much better than it looks, not that it looked bad, but in all its airy chocolateness I didn't expect that wow taste from that 'eh' looking dessert.
Only low note: coffee was a bit thin.
Otherwise, a definite return to spot, with bottles of wine in tow.Favorite BYO close to home. Great for special occasions and those nights you just for feel like cooking.Had a great dinner last night (our second time) at Trattoria Moma. Our party had the Fettucine Caprese, pan-seared salmon and orecchiette, all delicious. The pasta is home-made. The appetizers were quite tasty as well -- a special of smoked mozzarella with roasted peppers and spinach, a creamy gazpacho that was cucumber-based, and arugula salad. The restaurant is small and was quite crowded and noisy on a Saturday night, but worth it. Wonderful neighborhood spot.We've now made a second trip to Trattoria's and it was as good as it was the first time, and the service was even more smooth.  Four entrees, four salads, and when they heard one of us was celebrating a birthday, there was a candle in the dessert, too.  I know two of us ate vegetarian pasta and two of us did not.  (I'm writing this a couple of weeks after the fact, so forgive the lack of detail.)  I know all four of us were totallllly happy with our meals.
Everybody I know who has been here has said the same thing.  Support them!  Visit!  You won't regret it.Excellent food. Loved the pasta and fish dishes. Great ambient and service. I have been here a few times, and can't wait for next time.Second visit last night. I had the branzino again and loved it again. Wife loved her veal medallions. Daughter didn't see anything that grabbed her attention so they made up a homemade pastry and red sauce for her. Highly recommended.Do you like BYOs?
Do you like pasta made from scratch that same day?
Do you like to not spend a s**tton of money on your dinner?
If you answer yes to any of these questions, you should probably try Trattoria Moma as soon as possible. I went last night with my neighborhood ladies group and it was just a really super fine dining experience. 
No corkage fee. Eeee! 
All sorts of pastas made fresh with quite delish homemade sauces. The five of us passed our plates around the table and tried each others and they were all super yums. 
*Note, there were lots of other choices on the menu besides pasta, but it is just what we all happened to order. I personally had the gnocchi with a gorgonzola cream sauce and I am still thinking about it today. I am also thinking about the FRESHLY BAKED BREAD served with olive oil and vinegar. You could totally tell it was homemade. 
For the dessert, we each ordered one and I am happy to say it was the perfect amount...not super big but not super pricey either...just $4 each! 
We each paid $20 for our dinner (excluding tip); a total bargain for a big bowl of fresh pasta and dessert!
Only things I wish were different....refills on the bread basket, perhaps a cheese plate comprised of fantabulous Italian cheeses (of which there are many), and a bucket of ice to keep white wine chilly. But they like JUST opened and the experience was practically seamless, which is rare these days when a restaurant first opens. 
I shall be back for more. Glad it is just down the street from me!Based on one dinner:  my spinach gnocchi were ordinary at best.  The Moma salad at the very tail end of acceptable.  Might give it one more chance, since it's in our neighborhood, but I will not be ordering either of the above items again.Exquisite. Authentic. Just go here!
I tried out this new restaurant in the former location  of Umbria last night. I'll admit I'm not generally excited about going out for Italian food because it is one of the cuisines I cook a lot at home and after living many years in Europe, I'm usually disappointed by Americanized Italian food.  Well, thankfully I didn't let that keep me away. The restaurant is absolutely wonderful. The ambiance is dark and romantic; it feels very sophisticated, yet not snooty. 
You are welcomed by homemade bread, ready to eat as is or dipped in the heavenly olive oil, salt and Balsamic vinegar. 
Similar to restaurants in Italy, the pasta is considered a "first course" to be eaten before the meat or fish course, but the five people in my party ordered only pasta and the portions were ample enough to stand alone. All of the pasta is made by the chef, and each dish is prepared when you order it, which means you can ask the chef to tweak it to meet your preferences/dietary needs. The other side to that is that you may have to wait a little longer for your food to come out, but with the lovely ambiance and bread...who cares!!
I had wild mushroom ravioli with truffle oil. It was TO DIE FOR. I got nibbles of everyone's dishes and each one was as fantastic as the other. I had a crème brûlée done perfectly and my friends seemed to enjoy their tiramisu.
This is very close to my experiences eating in Italy. If you are looking for the Olive Garden, keep walking. If you want high quality, authentic Italian food, run to Trattoria Moma.
It is reasonably priced and BYOB as well!
Bravo!Very cute and romantic Italian restaurant, tonight our food lacked a bit of flavor but I am willing to try it again. Remember to grab a bottle of wine with you, this place is BYOB.Awesome restaurant! Food was the best and staff was superb. Dessert included!! Elisa was fantastic, pen includedTrattoria Moma is a hidden gem. This place is so cozy and the food is great! I loved the scallops and the lamb fillet with cherries and pomegranate. The price just right! Don't miss out and visit this place, I know i cant wait until next time.My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first dinner at this charming new BYOB in our neighborhood.  We shared a beet, goat cheese and almond salad, I chose a blue crab and sundried tomato fettucine, he had a mushroom risotto, and we split a side of broccoli rabe with orange oil.  One of the evening's specials included a roasted cauliflower and artichoke salad. The server very kindly arranged a side of this for us.  The fettucine and the cauliflower were both absolutely delicious, the risotto a bit under-seasoned. Service was excellent and we look forward to returning.  Next time, we will make sure that we leave room for dessert-- the couple at the next table reported that their hazelnut tiramisu and tres leches cake were both excellent.Chef/Owner Bledar made my birthday celebration an affair to remember for me and my 10 guests. He offered us a 4-course menu with fabulous appetizers,two pastas, entree choice of Salmon, Chicken Stuffed with Goat Cheese and Veal Saltimbocca, and incredible desserts served family style. (His Tiramisu is the BEST I've ever tasted and I am well traveled!) 
My guests loved the intimate ambiance and European feel of the restaurant, as well as the attentive service. It has something that is very hard to find these days - well-spaced tables and low noise level. You won't feel like you are going deaf just to converse with people at your table. 
Half of my guests were "regulars" and half were first-timers. They all raved about the presentation, flavor and quality of the food. Everything was so seamless, it felt like we were aboard a luxury cruise! As if this wasn't reason enough, Trattoria Moma offered us all 4 courses for just $35@person!  They also offer this great deal every Sunday. What a deal!Service and Cuisine always delicious and A Step Above All the Rest. Delicious quaint BYO not too loud but usually pretty crowded so call ahead.The food is very good. But the price is a bit high considering the portion is small. We order the seafood spaghetti. The dish has one fish filet and two medium size shrimp and small squid. The bread offered before main dish is below average. And the room has some smell probably because the floor is covered by carpet. The service is very good. Overall it is an average Italian restaurant.Another super meal at Trattoria Moma.  All three of us had antipasti.  The arugala and house salad are both lovely.  The third of us had the salad with calamari -- five thumbs up.  Dinner:  salmon (rave review); fettucini calabresse (totally satisfying) and one of the specials -- something with a HUGE hunk of ribs on top of risotto (another rave review).  Desserts, again, delicious.  Lemon mousse (yum!); the you never had tiramisu like this before was light and delicious; and nonna's cake is a subtle but satisfying European-style torte.  Service good; food delicious.  
What more could we want?The creme brûlée is amazing. It has a little bit of lemon that reduce the overwhelming taste from the creme. Also,  as someone who does not like lemon flavor food, the lemon is so little that I will not hate. The squid ink pasta is great! I thought I won't be full after it since it looks like a small portion. But the noddles is super dense that feed my empty belly.We just had a great meal there for my husband's birthday; it was our second visit and we are delighted to have this restaurant in the neighborhood. The appetizers, pastas and desserts were all delicious, and restaurant has a warm and inviting ambience. It was full for a Sunday night, so clearly has developed a loyal following. That night they were offering a "pairing" menu of small servings of different courses for a reasonable price; we didn't try that but it seemed like a great value that was being sampled by other diners. Not sure if that's only on Sundays, or throughout the week.  Our server (Chris) was great, he was just substituting for the night but wanted to give him a shout-out. Look forward to the back patio opening  when it gets warmer. This is a lovely little neighborhood BYO.Great food, great service, great ambiance.  I can not say enough about the meal I had at Trattoria Moma.  First of all the place was full, which in itself, says alot.  The food was great Italian food, no frills.  I had the linguine special which included 1/2 of a lobster, scallops, clams in a white wine sauce.  The pasta is fresh as is the bread.  So glad this place opened around the corner from my house.  This is the first of many a dinner here!  This can compete with any center city restaurant!Went to Trattoria Moma for our anniversary. We had 6:30 reservations and arrived right on time. We had a bottle of champagne with us, which the waitress opened as she asked us if we had any questions about the menu. Uh, just sat down, haven't even looked at it. She poured the champagne and then left the bottle sitting on the table. After it became clear, there was no intention to bring an ice bucket, we asked for one. She brought it and it went right back on the table. She then asked if we were ready to order. At that point we had looked at the menu and had some questions. She answered our questions and then asked again if we were ready to order. We weren't, but ordered a bowl of lobster bisque with crab since we were clearly not moving quickly enough. After that, bread was brought to the table. I am not kidding when I say there was one roll sliced into three pieces. That was it. The lobster bisque came and we put in orders for our appetizers. There was not even a hint of lobster in the bisque and there was literally one piece of crabmeat in the bowl. The soup tasted more like mediocre tomato soup. The appetizers came delivered by a runner/busboy. He was sent with a message from the kitchen -- we needed to order our entrees right now. We both ordered one of the specials. After a quick discussion, we decided we didn't really want to stay for dinner. We had been in the restaurant for maybe thirty minutes at this point. Rushed does not do justice to how we were treated. It was so bad it was comical. We called the busboy back and told him we would not be staying, to cancel our dinner orders and bring the check. He was a really nice kid and was very apologetic for issuing the order your dinner ultimatum. Back to the appetizers. We ordered a special, octopus with potatoes and and a grilled eggplant with mozzarella and tomato. The eggplant was pretty good. The octopus was overcooked and there was literally one potato on the plate. The bus boy brought our check apologizing again. The hostess and waitress who were ubiquitous for the first 20 minutes we were there to get our orders, were no where to be seen. We were out of there by 7:15. In the 45 minutes we were there, we ordered three appetizers and our entrees, but apparently that just wasn't fast enough for them. And you know what, the food was mediocre at best. We went up the street to Paris Bistro and had an awesome time and ate really good food. Thanks, Trattoria Moma for a good laugh! We won't be back though.This place is a so so BYOB and I am partial to BYOBs.  The chef seems to be phoning it in.  I could make the menu item with a crock pot and frying pan for $5-10 but this restaurant will charge you $20/30 for some meat that has sat in a crock pot all day.  The food was okay but way overpriced.  We ordered crab stuffed calamari.  We got two calamari slices withostly risotto stuffed in them and barely any crab.  The service was ok.  The space is small and not small in a quaint cute way, just small.  We were sat at a table and had exposed wires by our feet (see picture).  Overall if you're in a pinch and want a BYOB this place is alright but I would not choose it if I had a choice.  Surprisingly, some customers were raving about it during our dinner.  I couldn't wrap my head around how anyone could see it as more than okay.Had our first meal at this BYOB and we will be back! Food was outstanding, atmosphere was intimate, service was great!Did the $35 4-course Sunday special. All our meals were very good and service was attentive. One minor mistake with the requested sauce on one appetizer but no big deal. Each course was served in a timely fashion without being rushed - just like in Italy. Will definitely be backThe worst place I've been to in ages.  On the hottest night of the year, no air conditioning.  They should be more honest and tell you that on their web site.  I had the nastiest veal ever.  Over salted to the point it couldn't be eaten.  I wanted to enjoy this place but it was terrible.  Stay away at least thru the summer month's.Everything was delicious. Warm, attentive service. We had the special appetizer and special pasta, as well as spaghetti Nero. All were very good. Now that Bacio has moved (and was not particularly warm or tasty in new location) we will be at Moma more often. Several dessert choices all sounded delicious.This little gem of a restaurant hidden in Mt. Airy is the loveliest BYOB I have yet been to. The unique, modern-Italian menu is full of diversity and flavor. Every dish has their own amazing twist. The restaurant has a warm and cozy feel to it. Their  food is homemade, strarting from the bread and dip, pastas and deserts. They even have gluten free options! Whether it's for a family gathering, date night, or a simple get-together it is perfect. The ladies that work at this restaurant offer a professional and welcoming vibe. We had wonderful conversations through-out the night. I will become a regular at TRATTORIA MOMA!!! Love it!! Love it!!! Love it!!!Wow- what a terrific meal, lovely setting and enjoyable service.  
Warm, crusty bread with a house made bean dip surrounded by olive oil and balsamic was given as a complementary starter.  It was divine. 
I had a pasta special with escargot and a diver scallop.  Luscious and delicate sauce with an excellent linguine.  
A lightly chilled, seafood appetizer with calamari and scallops was superbly prepared.   It could have easily passed as a main course.  The calamari was as tender and tasty as any I've ever tried. 
The menu pricing is a bargain for the quality of the food.  
BYOB.  
My friend and I both were thrilled with our meals.The food is absolutely delicious! The service is awesome. The staffs are very friendly and nice. I order the ravioli and my hubby order the lamb shank. We both fall in love with the dishes. The dessert options are also great. We order the chocolate lava cake. I heard this place is a local favorite restaurant. Definitely worth trying!We've been trying to eat here for awhile but they had limited summer hours. It was definitely worth the wait. The clams tarantino appetizer was good. The entrees are nice sized. Enough to fill you but you'll have room for dessert. My husband had lamb osso bussco which was falling off the bone tender. Delicious. I had grilled branzino, shrimp and calamari with lemon fettuccine. I savored each bite. Wonderful local restaurant. We will definitely be back soon.We ate here and I really enjoyed the bean and bread. The service was slow but waiter kind. Food very good but I forgot that when you get filet in Italian restaurants it's not charbroiled. The bolognese greatTrattoria Moma is my a neighborhood go-to for my partner and I. The servers and host are welcoming and warm. Even though the space is small, I do not mind it because they mostly always have had a table for us even when we felt like a walk-in. 
Highly recommend the specials-they're always great! Gluten free pastas and very considerate about dietary restrictions and choices.