Came in here on a Sunday night because Zavino had a long wait. What a find! Food came out quickly, typical tapas style, a plate or two at a time. After ordering about 8 items, nothing we had was bad, but here are our favorites:  lasagna is a must-try!, also the broccoli/avocado, tuna, and ravioli. Nice place, we'll definitely be back.Amazing and tasteful experience! Extraordinary and delightful way to spend time with family and friends. Will certainly be coming back again.I love the ambiance of this place, the hostess is super friendly and welcoming.
We tried the lasagna verde, four cheese ravioli's and chicken meatballs. The ravioli's were so good you get 4 of them and we ate them so fast. The lasagna came second and that was delicious aswell, the chicken meatballs were okay I realize I much prefer beef meatballs but they're not bad. 
Overall it was a really great experience I'd love to go back.
It was about $42 for 2 people and 3 'small' plates that filled us both up.At the corner of 13th and Samson sits a dense population of fun and high-quality restaurants - Tredici Enoteca, run by the same group as Zavino, makes an excellent addition to the area.
We stopped by for a late, light weeknight dinner. The space is modern, open, and simply decorated, and the place had a wait, even at 8:40pm on a Wednesday! Our waiter was knowledgeable and the dishes we ordered, though small, were surprisingly filling. The restaurant does get quite noisy, which made it difficult to hear our waiter at times, but overall, we enjoyed our experience.
The menu is carb-heavy: we ordered the verde lasagna, which might be the best lasagna I've ever had (the ricotta had an incredible half melty, half-fluffy texture), the mushroom toast, which was also delicious, the roasted cauliflower, and the fried goat cheese, which while good, was not anything special. 
Tredici is known for their wide and reasonably-priced wine list, but we were in the mood for cocktails, and they did not disappoint. We both ordered the gin-based mora, which tasted like juice but was very, very strong.
I loved how shareable the dishes were, and was shocked at how full we were at the end of the meal despite ordering what felt like very small dishes. There were many main dishes on the menu that looked awesome as well. It's definitely a solid hangout option, and with their outdoor sidewalk seating, I'm sure it''ll become one of my summer favorites.This is one of my favorite "Italian" restaurants in the city currently. The reason I have Italian in quotes being that this is a Mediterranean/Italian/Raw-bar hybrid in my eyes (or through my taste buds) and offers a wonderfully diverse menu that covers all the bases of what I want in a meal (be it alone, in the corner with my adult coloring books and a glass (or 8) of Caymus or with a group of people who stubbornly accept my company). 
The decor of this place is SPOT ON. The design team and staff REALLY did their homework and brought to life something completely unique, fun and impressive that honestly I didn't know if they were going to be able to pull off using the space that they had. There isn't one person I've taken who hasn't been impressed by this aspect of the place. 
As far as food is concerned, this place does everything delightfully simply yet with flavor that normally accompanies a much more complicated dish. The Mediterranean tasting board is completely incredible and has maybe the best falafel I've ever had in the world on it along with some really tasty hummus and a few other great items (a quinoa tabbouleh and some marinated vegetables with some fresh grilled bread drizzled with olive oil that, rumor has it could have been drizzled and collected off of one of the Victoria's Secret models...its THAT good). The pasta dishes are all simple yet taste great and same goes for their various entree style meats/birds/fishes...the bronzino is definitely one of my favorites. 
The bar is fantastic there and has maybe some of my favorite "stools"/chair/throne things that are at any restaurant. They do half glasses of wines which really rocks if you want to sample various wines and have a really awesome cocktail program. It's also one of the only places I can even get Caymus by the glass...which is a big plus for me. 
Service wise, this is one of the best places in town. The management is stellar, and the staff are equally as amazing. Everyone seems to love what they do and it adds to the positive energy of the place. This is a GREAT place with GREAT people. Do yourself a favor and put it on your "places to eat list" ASAP.I had a fantastic first experience at Tredici. The complimentary olives were some of the best I've ever had - a great way to start a meal. We ordered a number of plates from each section of the menu. The bacon wrapped dates could be one of the best dishes in the city! Broccoli and Avocado with black sesame seeds were an inventive way to dress up a simple combination of vegetables. Can't wait to go back and try it again. The space is warm and inviting for any occasion with any group.I wasn't completely sure what to expect here, but the reviews seemed good and I wanted to give it a try. The feel of Tredici is upscale urban chic. The concept is Italian/Mediterranean tapas. 
As a vegetarian, there were a ton of options to try. The small plates were brought out one at a time and staggered which was great for tasting and not feeling overwhelmed with what was on the table. 
We tried the saffron arancini, mushroom toast, broccoli and avocado , roasted cauliflower, Israeli couscous, and the Mediterranean tasting board. Everything was very good, fresh, and flavorful. The stand outs for me were the arancini, mushroom toast and the cauliflower. 
Service was good. Food was great. The noise levels were a little louder than expected but this place was pretty full for a weekday night.  They don't take reservations so be prepared for a wait or a drink at the bar until a table opens.Outstanding outing in Philadelphia. Excellent selection - best in restaurant row. Plates are meant to share which makes for an engaging night. Excellent wine selection including a decent selection of bubblies.Friends and I tried this new spot.  Although small good ambiance.  Unique cocktails and interesting menu.  We shared several dishes and enjoyed everything.Food was fair for the price. It is not a place I would go back to as there are many better places to eat out within a block of tredici. No reservations made the experience even less enjoyable.We stopped here for a midday snack after doing some exploring in the city.  We received a friendly greeting and were seated at a location of our choice outside.  
I ordered a glass of Sangiovese ($14) and the fried goat cheese small plate ($12), while my boyfriend got a glass of Sauv Blanc ($14).  These were the larger wine pours hence the price tag.  A little bowl of olives was a welcomed complimentary treat!
Both wines were excellent - they'd been opened recently and served at the correct temperature.  The goat cheese snack was awesome!  The little cheesy medallions came out piping hot with a superior crunchy outside and gooey melty inside.  The crostini was thin, crispy, and a perfect instrument to transport the flavorful pesto and goat cheese combo to your face.  I wasn't a fan of the tomato mixture, but my boyfriend liked it.  
Really cute place overall with friendly staff and a great location.  We'll be back for dinner!!Overall, good experience. Gnocchi and Dates are the truth. Chicken leaves a lot to be desired and lasagna meh?? Nonetheless, desserts are a win. I'm  looking forward to my next visit. Great addition to 13th StreetWe stopped in here today for lunch as I was craving the tuna tartine which unfortunately wasn't on the menu today.
I ordered the chicken meatballs and the mushroom toast (yes I'm still very full). The meatballs were moist and delicious in a great red sauce and you get a very large portion, I was only expecting two but I think there were about 5 in that bowl! The mushroom toast was also huge and delicious.
My boyfriend ordered the Moroccan ribs which were dry and terrible we ended up sending them back and got a beet salad instead.
While the food is decent and I absolutely love the space itself the service today was absolutely horrible. We were one of two tables in the entire place and we constantly had to flag down our waitress for water refills, the check, etc. Basically all she did was take our order and bring us water when we asked for it. Another server silently brought us our food one item at a time without saying one single word...it was so weird. Our waitress didn't stop by to make sure we had everything or even ask how everything tasted. Seriously? Her back was turned to us the entire time while she stood at the bar chatting with other employees, glance over once in a while and check the water level please? 
I normally really enjoy tredici for their wines and atmosphere but I was left extremely disappointed today.Our party of 5 ended up here after coming into town without a reservation on the earlier side of a Friday night. We had been to 3 other places (craving Mexican) & couldn't get in anywhere before 7:45 and in some cases, after 9. We needed to be at the Wells Fargo Center by 7:30 and time was running out, fast! The restaurant across the street recommended we try Tredici, and while they needed the table for a reservation at 7:30, the hostess happily and quickly seated us in a great booth in the back corner. 
Our waitress, Cassandra was amazing. As first timers, she made sure we knew how the menu was set up and how we should order. Their specialty cocktails are delicious and EVERYTHING we ordered on the menu was delicious. We are food people - I've worked in the restaurant business for over 20 years while the rest of my group grew up in homes where food and flavor is loved and appreciated. 
The beet salad was perfect and the lemony ricotta paired nicely with the earthy beets and peppery arugula. My sister and niece loved the baby kale Caesar and the cumin carrots were killer! The spinach gnocchi was a standout and was a dish that we continued to pass around. The hanger steaks and crab pasta were also lovely as was the service by their manager, whom went out of her way to print extra concert tickets in their office. We were so impressed that we talked about our experience the next morning and we can't wait to come back to try more. 
Thank you so much for accommodating us and making what could have been a frazzled night a memorable experience!Cool trendy Italian restaurant in Midtown. They prices were very reasonable. I had small plates of the chicken meatballs and the saffron arancini. Both were excellent dishes. Staff was friendly and prompt.Very attractive atmosphere with small plate approach to more northern Italian than Southern Italian.   The chicken meatballs were delicious, but the beet salad knocked my socks off.  These two dishes were enough for a meal, too.  Prices were a bit high which is why o gave this 4 instead of 5 stars.Been eyeing this place for awhile and I finally got to try it! It's in a great location right on the corner. A friend and I dined at the bar on a Sunday night and it wasn't busy at all. I had the Razor cocktail and it was DELICIOUS. So refreshing. I had the roasted baby carrots as a starter and they were delicious as well. For an entree I ordered the sweet pea & truffle ravioli and to this day I'm still craving it.My husband, mother in law, and I went here for dinner with very big appetites, and therefor ended up ordering almost one of everything on the menu. It was all fantastic - everything from presentation to taste to portion size. Yummy cocktails. Great service. Good option for a date night or celebration. Can't wait to go back... and order 2 orders of fried goat cheese balls this time.Love the atmosphere-Windows open to sidewalk seating. Definitely check it out. Enjoyed a glass of wine,spinach gnocchi and done sides. The gnocchi was definitely filling. But a majority of what they serve are small plates. Go for the dates and Brussels. You can skip the broccoli and avocado side-I expected more on that one but it came cold and bland. Other than that-loved it!I try to only write reviews for places I continually visit and that offer consistently good product.  Not that this place does not! Just that I would normally not write a review for somewhere I've visited once. However there is always an exception. Thank you to the Chef for being open to my daughter's dietary needs. We spoke while he was leaving for the night and he went out of his way to ensure his staff was prepared to help us. Small menu, well thought out and very well executed. Great job guys and thanks again!!I would have given it no star if I could. Four of us made a reservation 1.5 hours before we went there and were told the table will be available in 1.5 hours. We showed up on time and then were told we would be the second party to get the table. Groups and groups of people keep coming in and every time we asked why people could get ahead of us they just told us we would be the next group to be sit. They kept telling us the same thing after 5 groups of people already got ahead of us. We stood there for another 1.5 hours and waited for nothing!!! Finally we decided to leave because they were totally lying to us! We would never go back. Don't go there when they are busy.  Seriously they will just keep lying to you and make you wait for nothing!You know, it's really interesting to read some of the reviews of this place. I get the feeling that the critical reviews aren't from people who are true "foodies" or wine lovers but people who go out of their way to be critical of a small business. You don't go to a place like this (or anywhere else for that matter) and bitch about the price of something unless the food is absolutely horrible and there's no way that claim can be made about this place. My experience last night was wonderful. This was my first visit and from the moment I walked in the door (my friend was running late), I was provided with a table. The menu was really inviting especially as we're both vegetarians and the food did not disappoint. We had the mushroom toast, broccoli and avocados, roasted cauliflower and the spinach gnocchi. OMG! What a feast! For the two of us, we were completely stuffed! Jason, the director of operations and also the wine buyer visited our table several times as we wanted to try different wines with each of the foods and the wines didn't disappoint either. He recommended perfect wines for pairing and at the end, when presented with the two options for dessert, we selected the tiramisu which is the pastry chef's own interpretation, it was absolutely delicious and Jason just brought us the Gerwirstziminer (sorry don't know how to spell it! LOL!). The pairing was so wonderful that we ordered another glass just to finish off the night. I was surprised that the total bill wasn't more than it was. The service, the attention to detail, the food and wine, this is my favorite place now and expect to be back several more times so I can finish working my way through the wine! The wine list changes as they go through their limited inventory of each wine so it's worth it to pay a visit just to check out what's new on their wine list. Especially loved the wines in the cruvinet! Overall, five stars without reservation and highly recommend to anyone who's a foodie and wine lover.Delicious. I actually like that they don't take reservations. It filters out the uncommitted. It also gives you a few hours to work up an appetite. The menu was simple but perfectly executed. I loved the pork Milanese although I did feel the apple accompaniment was quite boring and too acidic. The lasagna was great too. I will definitely be back. This is a great romantic option in the area and it won't break you financially.Went here for a few drinks after work last week. Had wine and the mushroom bread appetizer. The location is great for people watching, nice menu to choose from, and friendly service. I have wanted to try it here for awhile but the bar is always full which is not a bad thing. Would go back again.Completely overrated!
Very mediocre food.  Wine was way over priced and small pour based on what they described.  Very disappointed.We happened to stop by on impulse and found a gem! The service was excellent! The fresh oyster, shrimp cocktails and tuna and scallop tartare were fabulous! Our waitress, Kelly was able to help us match up the perfect wine for each dish! We plan to return often!3.5 stars for happy hour. Nice offerings at half price. Shrimp cocktail is fresh and tasty. Chicken meatballs are not bad but I did not like the carrots or crudo. The mushrooms however are really good. Beer and wine selections are nice and the interior is large with a lot of natural light. Professional if not somewhat aloof staff.Great food, but underwhelming service. Beautiful decor and warm atmosphere. I will return.
Green olives that they give you in the beginning of the meal were amazing. I usually don't like green olives, but these were so delicious.
Bacon dates were flavorful and very heavy (of course). It came with a green sauce that you couldn't taste because the bold bacon dates flavor, so there was no point to the sauce.
The spare ribs were amazingly tender. The sauce was almost like a light BBQ sauce. Amazing.
The Mediterranean board was just okay. I've had better hummus and falafel elsewhere. Th quinoa tabuli was nice. The warm vegetables were the best thing on the board. My biggest qualm was that the waitress just set the board down and walked away (this was a trend with our waitress). The tables next to us received a wonderful explanation of what item on the board us.
Scallops were cooked with a beautiful sear. The pineapple salsa was a bit overpowerd by the red onion and the scallops were over-salted.
Spinach gnocchi was nice and smooth, but I think a bit too wet inside (probably because of the spinach).
The service was underwhelming. We actually had tap water and she later (accidentally) refilled us with sparkling. Not to mention how the drop and go with plates.
Overall, definitely some high points and I would return to try more food. The drinks looked great too.Went here to celebrate a birthday.  Everything was fabulous- from the service to the food to the ambiance. 
Food favorites included: fried goat cheese, pearl couscous salad, short ribs over risotto (daily special), spinach gnocchi, and butterscotch pudding dessert. Vegetarian friendly place. Highly recommended. Make a reservation.This place is the reason why I crave and make broccoli avocado at home at the time now! Who would of thought of that combo? My friend took me here for dinner and we both really enjoyed our meals. I do wish they had a little bit of a bigger menu for entrees but I guess that's what makes each item special. I had the branzino which was really light and savory as it should be. My friend had the pork and he absolutely loved it. It comes with an apple sauce spread which apparently is delicious.I've been here twice now and am really liking what they have to offer. I've had a few of the small plates and salads.. so far the chicken meatballs, couscous salad and Mediterranean tasting board are my favorites. The tasting board is almost a meal in itself and perfect for sharing. Similar to Zavino, you have the option of half glasses of wine. I had the Razor cocktail (vodka, basil, lemon and mint) the other night and it was so refreshing. I'll definitely be back.Tredici was our Saturday night dinner this past weekend. We were visiting family in South Jersey and they brought us to Tredici after drinks at Time. 
The restaurant is elegant, modern, and definitely date-worthy, with a serious kitchen. There wasn't a miss all night. We ordered a bunch of smaller dishes family-style and shared (they encourage tapas-style dining). The cumin-roasted carrots with the yogurt-cilantro dip was maybe my favorite dish, but the Mediterranean tasting board, bacon-wrapped dates, saffron aroncini, broccoli/avocado plate, and beet salad were all delectable. The oysters (Prince Edward) were fresh and tasty, if somewhat small.
We also had some mains, which I somehow fit in my gullet: branzino, crab pasta, and big, juicy scallops. Yum. Hits all around.
I took a break from drinking here but there the drink list was solid.I went to the place with friends - cute atmosphere!  The small plates atmosphere was great for us as friends to catch up with one another and nimble at the same time.  I would recommend it more for a happy hour/drinks place versus a romantic dining option.  The noise level gets pretty high and I felt like I was screaming so my friends could hear me.  Our waitress was great and helped us decipher the menu options, how many small plates to order, wine options, etc.  Overall, cute place - great for drinks with friends!Awesome space and wonderful food. By the glass and bottle wine list and fantastic service. Will revisit soonAmazing staff, great menu, excellent chef. This restaurant is all around one of the best in Philly.4.5/5
I had a wonderful dining experience here. When we were seated we got complimentary olives. I don't even like olives and these basil infused olives were amazing. To drink I got a mescal cocktail, anywhere with mescal gets approved in my books. To eat we started with oysters that were fresh and were shucked right in front of our table. For my entree I got the lasagna and my friend got the sage gnocchi-both delectable and perfect portions. My only complaint is that they do not take reservations and when they first opened it was a 2 hour wait after I showed up to the establishment to get a table.I have been coming to Tredici since the beginning of June and have always had an amazing experience. The food, extensive wine list, and amazing staff have always created the best dining experience. The bartender Dan has always made my evenings after work better. He's very knowledgeable about every drink and food item Tredici has, and always is incredibly welcoming when I come in. The GM, Matthew, is also incredibly welcoming and kind every time I visit. The sweet pea and truffle raviolis are one of my favorites, along with the bacon wrapped dates. I highly recommend coming to dine here, or just coming in to sit at the bar for some drinks and good food. I will definitely make this a frequent spot of mine!Sansom Street closed due to water main break. Restaurant was empty but the hostess wouldn't let us sit outside to have a glass of wine in the beautiful weather. We went across the street (where it was much busier) and they let us. Shame on you Tredici. Not only did you lose a sale today while your table set empty but you will lose our sale every time we are in Center City looking for a place to eat or drink which is quite often. I give you a year max to be open for business because nobody seems to be going into your restaurant while the others around are quite busy.After walking past a jam packed Tredici for weeks I have finally had the chance to try it and I was not disappointed. The menu, although very small, had many items that caught my eye. My boyfriend and I went with the mushroom toast, the roasted cauliflower, the lamb lollipops and the lasagna verde. Everything was delicious, but my favorites were definitely the lasagna and the mushroom toast...GET THE MUSHROOM TOAST.. Just trust me.
Stop by and enjoy a glass of wine and some great food. Just remember they don't take reservations!Good first impression.
Found this place while scrolling through Philly Wine Week events online. Among the 3 wines offered for "Women In Wine," I really enjoyed the shiraz/riesling blend. The food was pretty good too, especially enjoyed the mushroom toast. 
What I really like about this place is that you can try different kinds of wine without breaking the bank. With half a glass selling for about $6, I can have wine pairing dinners without getting drunk-how great is that?Tredici was gorgeous inside with a ton of lovely wine options by the glass. My husband and I stopped in on a whim for a glass of champagne and it was as delightful as expected. From the limited amount of time I spent at Tredici, I found the bartender to be attentive and the glass of champagne was perfectly chilled and bubbly. I would definitely like to come back for dinner sometime soon.What a great addition to the center city restaurant scene. From the moment we walked in, we were in love with this new gem. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy and was comfortably full with satisfied patrons. The decor is very modern and we were able to see the chefs hard at work from the open concept kitchen. I went with a group of 6 so it was the perfect time to try and share the many different dishes on the menu. Highlights for me was the spinach gnocchi, fennel and pear salad, fried goat cheese, chicken meatballs and the lasagna verde. The food and the service was top notch and will definitely be returning. Great job Tredici!!I only recently started eating seafood and when I say I eat it I really mean I challenge myself to try a piece off another humans plate. 
However at this restaurant, I will solo order and re-order during the same visit the raw tuna dish. I love it and I love it a lot. 
Second to the tuna is the lasagna verde - really into it. The Mediterranean tasting board is worth a try as well.
The only reason I withheld a star is because there are a handful of plates I wasn't too impressed with - this includes the cumin carrots and the Israeli couscous.I've been here for drinks at the bar before and always wanted to have dinner. My friend and I walked in on a Friday night and the hostess was able to find us a table which was very lucky. The plates are smaller and meant to be shared. I ordered the spinach gnocchi which was delicious and plenty of food for one person. The sauce was delicious. My friend got the sea scallops and risotto which was on the smaller side (only 3 scallops). They were delicious as well. 
The ambience is great. It has very high ceilings and an open floor plan. The waitress was super friendly and very attentive. Our food came out super fast which was nice but they didn't rush you out at all which was also a plus. I will definitely go back again!This was a prelude to dinner at Garces. We kicked it off with some prosecco and mini eats. They have a great variety of cheeses and small apps. Great place for a drink or two or three! Friendly staff and good crowd!Great food and drinks. God awful inattentive service  that makes an otherwise pleasant experience. Won't be back.Awesome! Came for brunch with my two girlfriends and will definitely return! We shared a smorgasbord of bacon wrapped dates (best ones I've had in the city so far), Israeli couscous salad (burrata, need I say more?), the frittata and lemon ricotta pancakes. I know it sounds like a weird mix but we wanted a little of everything and there were certainly no regrets! Their Lambrusco was delicious as well! Also loving the ambiance and decor of the restaurant!Worst customer service experience I've had in a very long time. Do not go!! They intentionally lied to us. Here is the frustrating situation:
Tredici does not take reservations, which is fine. So our party put our name on the wait list and we were told that we will receive a text message in about 1,5 hours when our table is expected to be cleared up. After 1,5 hours no message, but whatever we went back and thought to wait at the bar. No space at the bar. But When we came in again we were told our group is up next for a table. We ordered drinks for about $70 (which we would have not, if we knew we were NEVER gonna get a table). 
A table cleared up, we were happy. Uuuups waitress apologized and said there is actually one party ahead of us, but we are up next. Well fine... 
Then three tables cleared up at the same time (those people have been sitting there a long time even after they paid their bill, so the restaurant probably asked them to leave). 
Then the most ridiculous thing happened. The restaurant manager comes up to us and thanks us for being patient...fills all three tables and says we are next! Seriously? What the heck. He couldn't explain why we were told the same BS over and over again, INTENTIONALLY Lying to us. Mentioned he will make it up to us, but couldn't explain to me how...
A long wait time is fine, would you have told us honestly once we got in, how many groups are actually ahead of us. Knowing that so many people are ahead of us, we wouldnt have stayed and purchased drinks. We were hungry. They knew we wouldn't stay and rather cheated us. BIG NO NO.I recently had lunch here with a friend and had an excellent experience. We had 3 appetizers, a pasta, and an entree between the two of us and the bill was about $50 per person which I thought was a little steep for lunch, but I enjoyed everything immensely. The appetizers we had were the fried goat cheese, arancini, and chicken meatballs. I was surprised and how much I enjoyed the chicken meatballs because in my experience, I have generally found them to be dry, but these were moist and the ginger in them really gave it an extra pop. The pasta course we had was the spinach gnocchi, which I can't recommend enough. They were delicious fried pillows of flavor with a beautiful marinara that tasted very fresh and balanced. The entree we shared was the steak, which was also well seasoned and cooked perfectly. The device was alright... Nothing crazy great and nothing bad. The only reason I docked a star is because while it was great, it wasn't an exceptional experience for a doing establishment in the city. Definitely worth a visit!Great service, perfect part of town, and great pairings with wine during our dinner (scallops and the rabbit) ! The Brussels sprouts were amazing !!!Enjoyed a great lunch with good company, good ambiance, and good food. I've walked past this place plenty of times, yet never walked in. The ambiance has always seemed inviting yet I wasn't sure of the type of cuisine served.
I had the chicken panini for lunch. The chicken was tender and the bread was fresh but all of the components didn't seem to go well together on the sandwich. Unlike the normal way a panini is served, this sandwich wasn't wedged together by melted cheese.  The sandwich was accompanied by a nice arugula salad. 
This place had great service and I will be returning.Very delicious! This is a great date night spot in Philly. I came with my boss and we ordered a bunch of food! I had the fried goat cheese with pesto appetizer and it was so good! Not super goaty and the sun dried tomato pesto was amazing. For dinner, I ordered the vodka gnocchi and it was great! I thought the vodka sauce could have been creamier but none the less I still ate the whole thing. For drinks, I ordered wine and enjoyed how you can order half glasses so you can try a bunch of different ones on the menu. I would highly recommend this spot!Great food and excellent service. I made a mistake and accidentally booked a reservation for a Tredici in NYC (oops). They helped us out and took care of us anyway, even without a reservation on a busy Saturday night. Great place to go, highly recommended, and we will be going back.The mushroom toast. Amazing.   It was like having a great steak without the beef. The Mora was a nice addition   A must have.  Was going to leave   Stayed for the bacon wrap dates and the fried goat cheese.  Yummy.Tried to dine here three times. After the third time of being forced to wait an estimated hour or more, I give up. I don't mind having a drink while my table is being prepared, but I'm not going to play your game of jacking up my bill with an hour's worth of cocktails at your bar because you are too cheap to institute Open Table. I will change my rating when you take reservations.Spacious and bright decor. Clean and modern with space below seating for your bags. Attentive staff. Food served tapas style as it is prepared/ready. Great food & drink selection. Coworker and I shared the fried goat cheese, roasted cauliflower, and raviolis. He also added a baby kale salad. Prices were reasonable for a higher end center city establishment.Every dish we had was excellent! And there was plenty of seating, the space was clean and smart, and the service was top notch.
Get the butterscotch pudding! I usually don't care for butterscotch, but their pudding was outstanding.I had low expectations after the mediocre pizza across the street (same owners), but wow. Everything was incredible. We (3 people) had the Saffron Arancini, Chicken Meatballs, Three Cheese Ravioli, Lollipop Lamb Chops, Scallops, Butterscotch Pudding, and coffee. Of course we had wine, too, but we aren't pretentious enough to tell you all of the flavor notes they had.
The arancini came out first. They were great. I honestly haven't had a lot of saffron dishes, so I can't tell you if the flavor was powerful, but they were tasty, better than some arancini I've had elsewhere. 
The chicken meatballs were next. I'm not going to lie. I probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference between chicken and turkey meatballs, but they were very good. The "ginger tomato sauce" complemented it well.
The "lollipop lamb chops" came with three for $24, which I found reasonable compared to places that charge $50 for four. The mint aioli was odd to me, and I found myself not using it most of the time. It wasn't bad. I just didn't prefer it.
The three cheese ravioli was very good. To be honest, though they were better than most ravioli I've had around here, it wasn't the best ravioli on the planet or anything. The tomato sauce was kind of boring, but the dish was very good nonetheless.
Usually, I eat quite a lot. so I was scared this place wouldn't be filling enough, but it was.
The butterscotch pudding was nothing short of an orgasm. This paired perfectly with french press La Colombe coffee. I'd have to say it was among one of the best desserts I've had at a restaurant with comparable prices.
Being a small plate restaurant, it's a little expensive, but I think it's worth it. Don't make it your life goal to make a reservation here (as it's very popular), but check it out if you can. I'd come back once in a while, but I don't think it was amazing enough to come once a month or something.This is my new fav in Philly. I have had dinner here 3 or 4 times. I always sit at the bar as I am alone on business trips. The service is perfect. Drinks generous. Their wine selections are very good even by the glass. Wide variations on the food here. I have had the half roast chicken twice and it is superb. Chicken, fennel, carrots and onions roared together in a roasting pan with a red wine reduction. This is a really amazing dish. The hanger steak is also very very good. I have not had the fresh seafood from the seafood/oyster bar but will be trying soon!! Don't let the construction out side deter you. Do try this fun energetic and delicious resto on 13th St.I went to Tredici as a surprise for my bachelorette party and was blown away! They arranged a large table, set menu and wine pairing for us. The food was unbelievable, very different and full of flavor! There was NOTHING basic about anything they put on the table. Even the bread with grilled with olive oil!
The atmosphere makes you feel like your in an old Italian restaurant that just got a fresh, modern makeover. There is a huge bar, perfect to stop in for a glass of wine.
The staff was so kind and accommodating, fueling our party with more bread (upon request) and water all night. They did not rush us at all and encouraged us to hang out as long as we liked. I will definitely be returning!Randomly found this for a last second dinner spot before an event. they dont take reservations but i was able to put my name in line over the phone. the wait time was 1.5 hours so make sure you get on it early. the ambiance was great and so was the food. not disappointed and have already recommended people got here. Prices are more than reasonable and the food was interesting and had fresh organic ingredients. give this place a shot.This is probably my favorite new restaurant in Philly. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is great. The only reason I am giving this place this rating is because of the service we had tonight. I called in today and was told there were no reservations, only first come first serve. So we put our names on the waiting list and were told the wait was going to be 45 mins. 45 minutes later we got a message that our table was ready so we walk to the restaurant and instead of being seated in the nice front area we were taken to the back area. I asked the host if we could sit in the front area since there were a couple of tables that were empty. Our host said that these tables were reserved so I asked her how they were reserved when they have a no reservation policy. She ignored my question. Anyways we had dinner and enjoyed our food. On our way out, I saw the host and told her that we were very disappointed in our table and by the fact that although she had tables available in the front of the place she made us sit in the back area. She said these tables belonged to people sitting on the bar who were waiting to be seated. I checked these tables a couple of times during dinner and they were empty until well over 30 minutes from when we were seated. When I asked her if all 3 tables were for people who were paying off their bill at the bar, she ignored my question and said that she's sorry and that next time I should be able to ask for a specific table. ( this clearly doesn't make sense since they don't take reservations) I am very disappointed in how the host randomly chose who sat in the front and who sat in the back and ignored their policy of first come first serve.I don't even know how to articulate the style of Tredici Enoteca, other than to say this is exactly how I want my home to look. And I'll take some of their delicious food too. We were advised to get 2-3 plates per person and 4 plates proved plenty for two of us. We started indulgently with the Fried Goat Cheese, which was very tasty with the two sauce options. I would have liked a little more bacon in the Brussel sprouts (in the dim lighting, I kept spearing what I thought was meat and getting mouthfuls of sundried tomato) and a little less pesto/cheese in the Kale Caesar Salad. But the Branzino was off-the-charts delicious and a surprisingly decent portion - I highly recommend this dish!I've been here a few times for happy hour and always loved the wine selection and appetizers. I just went for dinner for the first time and had the crab pasta. It was really good, but I didn't know there would be red pepper flakes in there because it didn't say it in the description. It was way too spicy for my taste and I wouldn't have ordered it if I had know how spicy it was. I would just suggest to specify things like that on the menu.We were attending a concert, and decided to try Tredici Enoteca for the first time.  We arrived early, in time for Happy Hour, and had two "special" offerings on the Happy Hour menu and a nice glass of wine.  Enjoying everything, we decided to order a shared Mediterranean platter, and that was ample to fill our bellies with great food in a really relaxing and comfortable space.
Dessert is always mandatory for us...and the Butterscotch Pot de Creme was not a typical selection for us, but it was FANTASTIC!  The salted caramel flavor profile made it less sweet than most butterscotch dishes, and it was actually "light" enough to satisfy without the typical heavy dessert.
Loved to learn they are opening another location even closer to our home later this year.  Can't wait to get there too.I have walked by this restaurant over 100 times and overlooked every time. After dining in I realize I overlooked it because it is the least desirable restaurant in the area. Probably why we were able to get a last minute reservation (and the restaurant was empty) on a Saturday night.  
The appetizer portions are extremely small. Ordered the fried goat cheese and arancini balls and received 3 tiny bite size portions of each (for 3 people). 
The lasagna was recommended on Yelp but was actually horrible. It tasted like a microwave dinner. The bill was steep for 3 drinks, 3 entrees, and 2 appetizers; We all left dissatisfied.This place is amazing. We stumbled upon it after a day is sightseeing. The wine is list great. The portions are small so plan on ordering things to try and share. We tried just about half the menu and the highlights were the lamb lollipops and the cannoli.Wow, amazing meal! I understand what all the talk is about! Truly one of the better meals in the past year or so. Had 5 tapas plates and one entree size crab pasta - all sensational! Our server, a lovely young lady was excellent. The design of the place is very cool too.After many months/weeks of anticipation, I finally got the chance to grab a (much needed) drink and a bite at Tredici with a colleague after work. As part of the Penn-Goes-to-Zavino-after-Work set, I was pretty psyched to see what their new sister (brother? are restaurants female like boats?) location had to offer.
First of all, as many have said, the setting is gorgeous. The snow flurries outside the window also helped set the mood, and made me think that this would definitely be a place that you would want to trudge during the next snowmageddon. The decor and lighting is warm and inviting - just sitting at the bar we were charmed, and the view into the dining area at the rear also looked superb.
We tried a bunch of wine and some bites, all of which hit the spot, although they didn't totally hit it out of the park. Bacon-wrapped dates can never go wrong with me, and the blue cheese added a nice tang. The fried goat cheese was kind of bland (I like a goat cheese that has a little more bite), but the pea shoot pesto helped to round the dish off nicely. Being good girls, we decided to get some vegetables into our systems with the broccoli and avocado because "how do you combine broccoli and avocado," and we were pleasantly surprised. The dish wasn't over-dressed, and the sesame brought everything together. 
We let our bartender take us on a small tour of the wine list, and I ended with a glass of the OCHOTA BARRELS "GREEN ROOM" 2014 from the Cruvinet that was really, really off the charts. A whole extra star for that and the rest of the superb wine list. If I lived in the neighborhood, Tredici would be a go-to after work spot, snowmageddon or not!If you walk in and you feel maybe not then you are making a mistake..this place has the most amazing, delicious and delicate selection of food that can be served. Not to mention the hospitality of the staff and the bar. Generous pours and very helpful and pleasing staff. Try before this becomes popular and you cannot get a reservation..thumps up definitely!!We came in a very hot night And we had to convince the hostess to seat us at a table in a cooler section, which she did. Our waitress was excellent, Cat from Belarus.   We each had a salad and a main which was more than enough food, they encourage sharing plates. We had the kale Caesar salad, beet salad , bacon wrapped dates and roasted brussels sprouts. All were very good.  Then one of us had a flatiron chicken which she said was very good, two of us had pasta with crab wish they were more than willing to customize, and one had the fish special, bronzino.   Well they said that food is served as it is prepared, it was only a few minutes between first served and less served.  We have wine by the glass and they even serve half glasses.
The lamb chops looked very good - next time!This place has only been open a week, so I think they're off to a good start, but definitely a ways to go. The food was good, some of it very good (green beans esp.), but we had a hangar steak that was smothered in an overly salty sauce--I don't think hangar steak should ever need that much sauce, particularly if it's not even good sauce. We had a dessert that was described as a "take on a cannoli with filo dough" that was not very much like a cannoli, just okay flavor wise, and messy. Overall, the portions are small for the price. For dinner, we spent $120 (before tip) on meals and 1 drink each for 3 people. I wouldn't have a problem with that if the food was terrific, but it's just not there yet.  
I had to use the bathroom twice and came across two very annoying things. The aisle way through the restaurant is fairly narrow and filled with a million servers going back and forth to the kitchen (not sure why, the restaurant was only half full). I had to dodge them, until one bus girl politely stood out of my way. Also, the original latches on the unisex individual bathrooms no longer work and have been replaced by a sliding bar closure. This wouldn't be a big deal except the original latches turned to read "open" or "occupied" and one is permanently stuck on "open" and the other on "occupied". So I ended up ignoring a stall that was actually open, to repeatedly yank on the handle of one that was actually occupied. It's a good thing the new latches are strong, otherwise there would have been a very awkward intrusion. This really needs to remedied post-haste at a restaurant of this caliber.This place is phenomenal. Unexpectantly stopped by while traveling for work and sat at the raw bar. It was definitely more than I anticipated for a dinner alone. 
The management and waitstaff are incredible (friendly, knowledgeable, upbeat) and sent out dishes to try on top of my order. 
Every dish was delicious and unique. The Broccoli & Avocado and Kale Caesar were flavorful and light twists on traditional staples. The manchego stuffed dates went to another level with their parsley dipping sauce. One of my favorite dishes was the tuna crudo which I was initially reluctant to order since tuna is rarely exciting. My server recommended it and I was so happy she did. This seemingly simple order was new and refreshing with their fresh ingredients.
I would highly recommend Tredici and have already told all of my Philly friends to go check it out. I hope work brings me back to Philly so I can experience some of the dishes I didn't try tonight!A very trendy spot with unique flavored tapas style dishes! We came here on a Sunday night for dinner, so it was very easy to get a table. Our hostess was incredibly helpful and thoughtful.
For example, we had ordered the fried goat cheese very excitedly. However, our hostess knew that we were all vegetarian and she came back immediately when she found out this dish was friend in the same oil used to fry another bacon including dish. We were so thankful for her telling us that and she even helped us decide on another dish that we could be just as excited about ordering!
The gnocchi is to die for!!!!! ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS and so comforting and filling. It was a really interesting take on gnocchi and we devoured it immediately. We also ordered the broccoli which had an interesting tanginess, the ravioli which was good but nothing too special, the Israeli couscous which was unique, the roasted cauliflower which was very tasty, and a super delectable chocolate cake desert (100% recommended!!)We went to Tredici on a Saturday night in July and were pleasantly surprised we could be seated right away as I had heard this place is popular. The atmosphere was amazing with tables both inside and out with an open air feel due to two large open windows/doors to the outdoor sidewalk seating. 
Food and service was absolutely amazing. Our server took the time to explain several of the most popular dishes on the menu after asking about our preferences and diet restrictions. We opted to share the mushroom toast, Moroccan spare ribs, and the spinach gnocchi. All were very good although the grilled bread in the toast had a bit of a burned taste that was a bit too strong and we didn't care for it. The ribs and gnocchi completely made up for it. Ribs were succulent and well seasoned with spices and a bit of sweetness. The gnocchi had the most fresh tasting and slightly sweet vodka tomato sauce I have ever had. Gorgeous. Drinks and wine were also very good. Overall a wonderful dinner and perfect service. And I felt the price points on the dishes and serving size were right on. We will be back.Been here before with girlfriends for happy hour. The apps and pasta were delicious. I love how cute it is inside here. I want to come back and sit at the bar for drinks next time!Tredici has a lot of potential and is definitely worth checking out but it still has some kinks to work out. Our group of 4 waited about 30 minutes for a table on a Monday which we didn't mind. You can easily grab a drink across the street at El Rey or Vintage while you wait since the bar area/front of Tredici is a bit tight on space. The restaurant itself is beautiful from the tables to the artwork on the wall.
The Good: 
- Wine list is as good as advertised and not overly priced. Each person at our table had only one full glass but we all enjoyed them.
- Service was fine. In terms of the pace the food came out, the restaurant did a great job. We ordered four dishes from the small plates/salad/vegetable sections, finished them, and then ordered four dishes from the meat, fish and pasta section of the menu. All items came out quickly so do not feel like you need to order everything at once.
- Everyone agreed that the meats, fish and pasta items we ordered were the stand outs of the meal. The Hanger steak and scallops were cooked perfectly and layered with flavor. The Lamb Reginetti and Spanish Gnocchi were also flavorful and delicious.
- The space is beautiful and despite being a little tight, the noise level and lighting was just right.
Needs Work:
- The first set of dishes we ordered all lacked the flavor that our second courses had. The Roasted Cauliflower was cooked well but bland. The Baby Kale Caesar was fine but lacked kale. Chicken Meatballs were disappointing, while the table was mixed on the Bacon Wrapped Dates. Certainty none of these items were bad but for a tapas restaurant, you expect better from this part of the menu. 
- Our server was good but could be better. I prefer a little more guidance at a tapas restaurant when it comes to how much to order and our server didn't necessarily provide clear answers to our questions. He was very attentive without hovering though which was good.
Other:
-They had two dessert options, but we opted for Gelato across the street.
-In terms of portions, we had 8 dishes for 4 people. There was definitely enough from the portions to sample a few bites of everything. With 4 people, I would definitely recommend at least 4 items from the Meat, Fish, Pasta section of the menu. With 2 people, 2-3 of those items would be more than enough. We left satisfied but not stuffed which is what you want.
-Expect to spend $50 per person including tip. Give or take depending on how much you are drinking
Overall:
I would give Tredici 3.5 out of 5. It still needs some work before being in the conversation of a top 50 restaurant but overall, it is definitely worth checking out.I signed up to yelp after years of just looking specifically to voice my disappointment with this place.  
The good: Excellent wine selection, especially the premium wines from the cruvinet that one can rarely find sold by the glass (an '87 Rioja Blanco that was funkily fantastic and a '90 JB Becker Riesling that was also very nice).  The food is acceptable and the atmosphere rustic but modern.  On our first visit, when we enjoyed the Rioja Blanco, the manager, Jason, came over to talk to us about the wine and the restaurant and eventually gave us complimentary Moet.  Wonderful!  We thought we'd found our new favorite watering hole. 
The bad: My boyfriend and I came here five times in the first month it was open, four times on weeknights and once on a Saturday.  We were able to be seated twice, the other three times we had to stand around the bar while holding our coats and awkwardly trying not to be in the way.  We noticed other guests came in after us and received a seat despite the fact that we had put our names in for a table before them.  On one occasion there was a clearly unoccupied table visible from where we were standing, but it was never offered to us.  Unfortunately, reservations are not available.  On our most recent visit we stood behind the bar for about an hour, drinking premium glasses of wine, when two supposed first-come-first-serve bar seats finally opened up.  Just as my boyfriend sat down the manager came to say we couldn't sit there, because "an investor" needed those seats.  This "investor" looked at us, said "sorry guys" picked up my boyfriends coat and basically threw it on him.  Mortified, we chugged the remainder of our $16 glasses and went to Tria, where we were greeted by name, seated promptly, and treated to a delightful glass of '89 Riesling Kabinett that made us wonder why we bother going anywhere else for wine.  The only saving grace was that the bartender saw what had happened and didn't charge us for our drinks; a much appreciated gesture. 
My boyfriend and I have been fortunate enough to dine at restaurants around the world.  Vetri in Philadelphia, Angelos in London, and Allard in Paris have been favorites of ours.  This is the first establishment where I felt strongly enough to actually write a review- good or bad.  This place has so much potential, but more often than not, it has disappointed.I really enjoyed my time at this restaurant. My partner and I got a place at the oyster bar in the back, which is lovely, so we avoided the estimated 1 hour wait for a table. It's worth asking about for a small group, especially if some of you don't mind standing. 
We had seafood, mostly: great shrimp, great crab, excellent oysters. We also had the fried goat cheese which was perfect, crisp on the outside and warm inside, without too much crust. We also had dessert which was SO good. I had a chocolate mousse that was amazingly fluffy and flavorful. My partner had a kind of opera cake with almond, white chocolate, and pistachio. It was also great. The only weird thing about dessert is that they don't serve coffee, and they offer to get you a coffee from across the street if you try to order one. It's weird and awkward. Just get a coffee maker.
Our waiter was attentive, but he did rush the check a little. Our cocktails were good. The atmosphere inside is very sophisticated, and the design is beautiful, so that you feel cool just being there. It's definitely worth the trip.Was looking for a late valentine's day dinner place and I came across Tredici on Eaters heat map for Philly. No complaints about the atmosphere or the service & I really like their open kitchen concept. I don't think the prices are ridiculous either we got a good amount of food and for 2 people it wasn't a sky high bill
We ordered the baby kale caesar, Mediterranean board, ravioli, cauliflower, and the chicken. The kale caesar, quinoa tabbouleh and the chicken were outstanding. The pesto in the salad is what made it stand out so much. Not that the Mediterranean board wasn't all good but the quinoa was just my personal favorite & the chicken was incredibly juicy (and had crispy skin so that gets extra points for being cooked well). Unfortunately, I was really looking forward to the cauliflower dish but the honey chili flavor just wasn't there...I kept searching for it every bite and nothing. Lastly, the ravioli was just eh. Sadly, nothing too spectacular.
I would definitely recommend the restaurant though.