If you're looking for quality takeout or delivery Trios is the place. The Arugula salad is always fresh and the pizza and pasta always have the right balance of ingredients.
I definitely hit them up when I can't get out of the house. Their desert is pretty good and delivery is timely.After several encounters with their great pizzas, we finally decided to try something else from the menu. My wife had the Spaghetti and Meatball and I opted for a very Italian Penne alla Vodka. 
Where to start? I guess from the home made sauces, delicious and not overpowering. Going to the pasta which is perfectly cooked "al dente", the way it is supposed to be, not that imitation spaghetti-o's that a lot of places try to stick you with. The meatballs are great, fresh and very flavorful. The Penne alla Vodka actually uses real prosciutto, that is lightly cooked and not burned into a crisp. 
Overall a wonderful experience. Oh and one nigh we took the Spaghetti and Meatball all the way home from Philly and they still tasted wonderful after a 40 minutes commute.
This place is a GEM. Like their other place in Glenside. Haven't tried the new establishment in Jenkintown yet, but it is on my list.
From a "fresh of the boat Italian" this place is the real deal./Love the pizza!! My Favorite Pizza: Margarita w/ shrimp and eggplant; ) Honorable Mention: The Rustica, Lombardy & VegetarianNo. That is really the only thing to say. If it was an option to give no stars, I would. I ordered delivery tonight and I have to say this is the worst meal I've had out since going The Fish Market in Ottawa a few years ago. And actually, I didn't think it was possible, but this food was worse. Even the bread wasn't good. I ordered the mushroom ravioli...It wasn't good and neither was the tomato sauce. My mom ordered a dish that was supposed to have calamari and muscles, but it didn't come with muscles. Her sauce was also bad. I'm not really sure if they put salt in their sauce.
Here is the icing on the cake. I called to complain that my mom's dish didn't have muscles and was told they don't serve it that way anymore, and I must be looking at an old menu. I told them it's on their website. I was then told they are working on updating their website. I told them that was not my fault. They told me they couldn't give me muscles anyway because they didn't have any. There was a bunch of back and forth like this a few minutes. I told them unfortunately the food was not very good and that we had to order another meal from somewhere else, so at least I should get what I paid for... I was told someone will call me back. I will not hold my breath. Don't go!Pretty solid pizza.  I'm eating a tomato pie as I type, and it is making me happy!  Thin, crispy, and very flavorful.  Yum!...Wanted to add that I love that they use mostly eco-friendly delivery packaging so I don't have to feel so bad about the usual mound of trash that goes along with being a take-out junkie.Trios is my favorite pizza place in Northern Liberties!  While their menu offers a variety of things, including sandwiches and pasta, this review is completely based on the pizza as it's the only thing I've had (and the only thing you need to have, it's that good).
Upon moving to the neighborhood awhile back, I was bummed to find so many mediocre (or worse) pizza joints.  Then I tried Trios and new I found my place!  They offer two types of pizza, round and square.  Both are good but get the square.  The crust is thin and crispy, not at all like the Sicilian style you typically think of when you hear square pizza.  The sauce is chunky and the fresh mozzarella is melted to perfection.
If you're able to pick it up, do so.  Delivery can take forever and your pizza won't always be hot when it arrives.  The only other con is the price.  $16-18 for a pizza is pretty pricey.  It's a way better than average pie at a higher than average cost.New to the neighborhood and been looking for a really good pizza, and I found it here. I saw a picture on Yelp of the square tomato pie, it was an instant attraction! So I ordered a small one  it was love at first bite!! Thin crust the way I like it, great texture and very delicious. Last week we ordered a couple small round cheese pies for my son and his buddies, and it was rave reviews all around. But I'd suggest ordering it well done.I went to go see an apartment a few blocks from here, luckily I got the apt so I can eat pizza from here again. Its really good and can't wait to try out everything.This place has had more management changes than failed Lindsay Lohan drug test, but I hope they stay with the current.  Last time I went everything was delish (yeah I just Rachel Rayed yelp).  
Who knew a Panini was actually a sub?  
Either way I have enjoyed everything I have eaten off the menu.  So much so I'm not afraid to switch it up.  Like in other places, once you find what you like you stick to that one item because you're scared you won't like anything else.  And the one time you do switch it up the food is less than par.  You call yourself "stupid" and say you will never do that again.  
Do it here!AMAZING!!! I was feeling lazy on a Tuesday and decided to randomly try this place. We ordered the sausage and artichoke pizza as well as the prosciutto and caramelized onion pizza to go. We waited 10-15 minutes and the delicious pizza was ready to go along with some complementary polenta bread. Even though we did not eat there the staff was super attentive. Once we got home and ate the pizzas we were sooo happy. Even though the pizza is on the pricier side it's completely worth it.  Give this place a try! We will be going back.Everything I have ordered from here has been great. Love the pizza, salad, fries, and especially the fried mozzarella. A little pricey but good.Trios is good. Their aesthetic is strangely contradictory, but charming nonetheless. 
For one, their pizza is delicious. You can tell that a lot of love goes into it. I could stare at their myriad of piping hot Rusticas near the cash register for hours. As goodness is far from under-appreciated in this town, the prices reflect said pizzal (sic) artisanship, and that's fine. But if you pull your greasy nose back from the pane of glass separating the dining area from the kitchen, you'll notice that the place is essentially a re-appropriated fast food restaurant; for all of its culinary artistry, don't expect a lick of  ambiance if you choose to eat in-house! For god's sake, they don't even have a soda fountain! If I'm going to spend $15 on a calzone, I'd prefer to eat it as a "sit-down" meal--no worries if that'd mean dropping a tip at the end. Maybe it's just  me, but choosing a bottled Coca Cola product from a fridge and eating on a bunch of paper plates kind of numbs the beauty of the product that I'm supposed to be enjoying.
Beyond these qualms, the food is good and the feel isn't *too* strange. In fact, they actually have some super quirky paintings on the windows that really enhance interior environment. It just seems a little caddywhompus at times. Oh, and the register guy gave us free sausage in our vegetarian calzone, which was super sweet of him. Kindness like that shouldn't be overlooked.This is the best pizza spot around fishtown besides Tacconill's, If you are looking for good pizza on a day where Tacconlli's is closed then Trio's is it. I was not a fan of the pasta, I tried it once and the sauce (gravy) was thick and bland and the penne was horrible and very, very al dente. I should try it again before stating my opinion but every time I order from there I want there pizza!! Their garden salad it super good a little expensive but you have to pay for quality. All in all the pizza is real and it's great. I am so happy they came into my life.. or at least happy they came into my neighborhood.Their square gourmet pizzas are fantastic! It's a little pricey but always a good treat for a night in.Such a disgusting excuse for pasta. This place is horrible. The calzone my wife bought was terrible too. I'm gonna make it a mission to make this business go out of business. That's how disgusting the food is.Just moved to the neighbourhood and tried Trio's the other day. Despite a misunderstanding when I placed my order, the owner/manager/'guy in charge' was extremely accommodating and sincere helping me out. The food I did get was very good- definitely above average for Italian take out. (It was just a difference between an eggplant parm sandwich and platter.) Can't wait to try the pizza!Love this place, I found this place on Uber eats! The food arrived, fast, hot, and it was delicious. Definitely coming back.Great for a girls night or date night! Amazing wine selection and the staff is very knowledgeable and helps you with pairing. Will definitely be back!My favorite pizza shop in Northern Liberties and possibly the entire city. Service has always been good and staff is very friendly.Ordered take out from here around 10:30 over UberEats and received the most watered, bland, and flavorless pasta you could ever get. The only thing I ordered that was edible was the ricotta bruschetta.I never though pasta could be so greasy yet so bland. The food is horrible. I ordered pasta and it tasted like dog food. There was little to no sauce, and the chicken was dry and flavorless. Definitely will not order from here again.food here is great, delivery is quick, and nice crew working there, definitely the right place to go or order from if your looking for a quality italian food/pizza jointAte a large sausage pizza wasn't bad but very pricey .It had 1 small piece of sausage per slice .Like I said not bad but never going backA go to for pizza and pasta - and their delivery is by far the most reliable and fastest I've ever had. Highly recommendThey have the best spaghetti. They deliver fast and always get your order right. If you want something specific, they do it the way you want it. And they still,  always get it right. Awesome delivery and easy transaction. Couldn't ask for more from this place. My favorite delivery place when I am in Philly.Based on the good Yelp! reviews I decided to check this place out for a stay in night of pizza and beer.
I hate to be a jerk, but it's the worst pizza I've had in the city.  The crust was thin and burnt.  There was no cheese on the pizza, although the tiny but that was on there apparently got shifted to the back of the box during the delivery.  The sauce was bland.  I ordered onions on the pizza and they were the only thing with any taste at all.
I can't recommend this place over anything... it was just bad pizza.Great local pizza shop with various slice options. I'm a big fan of the tomato pie and BBQ chicken slices.We ordered Rustica pizza (take out) and had a buffalo chicken slice at the restaurant. Both we re good but nothing extraordinary. We had read the reviews and expected something more. Rustica pizza was thin crust but the taste was strictly ok. I would recommend this place but for the price, try Papa Johns or Dominos.Surprisingly good, homey Italian food. The venue itself gives off a vibe that makes you think the food is going to much more basic that it actually is. Everything we've ordered is so flavorful and fresh. I would highly recommend the pastas.Do not get anything besides pizza. They reuse pizza and salad ingredients and attempt to make dishes. I keep hoping and trying to give them the benefit of the doubt but my latest attempt, the bruschetta, is a perfect example. It came on half Italian bread, not even toasted, with an old mixture of tomatoes, onions, olive oil, and parsley flakes on top. For some reason it was on a bed of lettuce. It was soggy and awful. The tomatoes already lost most of the their color. Do not stray from the pizza on this menu!Pizza was really good. Everything else is so so so. Get the traditional square tomato pie, well done.This place is amazing - first of all its clean and on the border line Northern Liberties that says a lot!  Service was friendly, and you get to meet the owner Sal who comes out to greet you and makes sure your meal was good. 
I was with a big group of people and we got calamari, and mussels for starters, the calamari was fresh and cooked perfectly.  Some of us got pizza (which is the best I've tasted in Philly) and others pasta, everything was good.  This is much more than your average pizzeria - it feels more like a cafe you'd find in NY.Super excited to live close to this restaurant - pizzas are a little pricey, but were entirely worth it! The Carne and the Lombardy were both excellent, and the wings were spicy and delicious. 
I think I may have talked to the owner on the phone when I placed my order, as he talked me into ordering square pizza instead of round because "it was his niche." Shape is not as important to me as taste so I went for it. I thought the thin crust was great - not so thin as to be crackery, doughy enough to still be called pizza. 
Trios was poppin on a Friday night and our takeout order took about 30 minutes, just a heads up that they get busy.We love Trios. The plain pizza is thin crust and unlike most other pizza in Philadelphia. We also like the pizza with arugula and prusciutto. The staff is really friendly and service is always quick. My husband tried the cheesesteak once and it was kind of weird - served on a crispy focaccia roll of some kind. We stick with the pizza and it is our new "go to".The food is usually good, however we have had a few problems. This particular order was upsetting, because the usual, delicious pizza was half ruined. The crust that usually has a crunch was soaked in sauce. Our favorite neighborhood spot let us down tonight, but we'll still be back! #faithfulWell for starters their delivery spans a very wide range. I don't live close & they are able to deliver to my house. So that is a huge plus for me! Their crust is thin! Very thin which I love . They also have a gluten free. I'm don't follow the gluten free option but a lot of my friends do. I love the fact that they also have a wheat pizza option. They have a great margherita pizza. There delivery is always fast. They have never messed up my order. Another thing I love about their delivery is that I can call way ahead & tell them I at like 4 I will want it like at 7. Which is a huge deal since it usually takes me 1 1/2  hours to get home from school & or work & sometimes I don't have cell service when I'm traveling. They always know my name when I call. Very friendly & great food!Trios is my go-to pizza place, and I feel really fortunate to have such a great option in the neighborhood. It's a definitely step up from your average pizza shop. My favorite is the Villa's, but I also really enjoy the Invernale, which is like white pizza with a fresh arugula salad on top. Both the round and square options are delicious, with great thin crusts. I've also had some panini and appetizers, all of which were solid. The fried mozzarella stood out, as it was discs of fresh cheese breaded in house and not prefab mozzarella sticks. Trios consistently beats their own delivery estimates, telling me 40 minutes and arriving in 20-25 (I live about 4 blocks away). When dining in, I've always found the service to be friendly and helpful.Second time at Trios. First time we ordered the Mediterranean salad which was absolutely amazing. Second time we ordered a pie of pizza. They made a minor mistake on the order (asked for no blue cheese but had blue cheese) and they made us a whole new pie, gave us the other one ANDDD gave us two free cookies! Amazing service, friendly staff, super clean and organized environment and not to mention the pizza was awesome!if you like thin pizza with little to no cheese, this is the place for you. i really like the thin crispy crust, but theres not enough sauce or cheese AT ALL.  the second time i went there i actually had to order it with extra cheese and sauce but for the extra cost i didnt feel it was worth it. oh and they dont use amaroso's rolls for their cheesteaks. they use some sort of baguette which isnt that bad, but c'mon we're in philly! gotta go with amarosos.I am not sure what has happened to this place, but it has gone way down hill. It's pretty terrible these days. The quality of the food is bad and the portions are half the size that they were. Considering the high prices have not changed to reflect the fact that you now get half the food that you used to. I basically feel like I've just been totally ripped off. The salads that cost between 10-14$ used to be so good, and more than enough for 2 people. The one I just received was pathetic. And it came with the wrong dressing. Not to mention the fries. They were a cold greasy mush of a mess. And I think you get more in a McDonalds happy meal... Totally bummed that I just spent almost $30 bucks on crappy food that took over 2 hrs to be delivered.I gave Trios a 4 star review back in 2012 but have to revise it in 2014 to a 2 star review. 
The food has gone down hill slowly over time in both consistency and quality, and the level of service has plummeted from folks genuinely trying to help you to folks who don't care and are argumentative with customers. The staff are repeatedly way too involved with their friends (drivers? other?) in the seating area than taking orders or providing service. Trios also are seems to be  occasionally randomly closed with no sort of "hey we are closed" message when you call, the phone just rings and rings.
Trios is now in indefinite time out with me due to my latest failed interaction with them. While my frustration level is high right now, they are still not in the oh-mai-gawd terrible category that one star places get.Trios Trattoria is fantastic, prices are really reasonable and the large is a really good and big size. We ordered the Tomato Pie with whole wheat crust, probably wouldn't do the whole wheat crust again just because I think the regular would be a lot better. But very thin, fresh ingredients and made with a lot of care. Customer service was excellent as well so I'll definitely pick up pizza from here again.BEST PIZZA IN THE CITY!  I have to say, my favorite pizza is Santucci's.  I live in Old City and have to drive all the way up to NE to pick it up which is a pain but so worth the taste.  After having Trios square pizza...I don't have to leave my house.  The pizza is just a good and they deliver!! The sauce isn't on the top but it tastes sooo good! Def recommend trying it this place out :)Yes! Read the review in Philly Mag's 'Best Pizza' issue and was stoked to find Trios just beneath my radar up at Girard and 4th. I ordered for takeout last night and got a piping-hot 'tomato pie' (which is Trios' shorthand for thin crust) and couldn't have been happier.
Pros
-Excellent crust on the 'tomato pie.'
-Comes in a square!
-Fresh and hot
-Service - friendly, helpful dudes.
Cons
-DirectTV in the waiting room was showing the Cardinals/Reds game?!?!UNEATABLE and CRAZY
I can honestly say, it is the worst pizza I have ever had, ever.
The pizza is made from a frozen pre-made dough and old rubber topping.
Like Jacks, Ellio's, Tombstone pizza... remember? The stuff that has a billion ingredients you could never pronounce. Yeh that stuff.
What they gave me was Conte's pre-made boxed pizza in a Trio's box. Not cool.
I called them to ask if it was a premade frozen pizza - they said "yeh..."
For something that costs $20+ I expected more effort/quality.
They are literally reselling boxed pizza, I'm baffled...My mind is blown.I bought a Living Social coupon to try this place out, as I live nearby in Port Richmond area. My husband and I went on our anniversary, I think because it had the name trattoria in it I thought it was a sit down restaurant- not quite what I expected. Yes you can sit, but it is a glorified pizzeria in the "sit down" arena of things. BBut that will not hurt my review here- as I loved the food! And the hubby did too!
We shared a antipasto salad, and the homemade vinagrette was just right- not too sour, not too sweet- and the meat and salad were fresh and tasty - no "bag" lettuce!   Loved the homemmade garlic knots that came with it too...
We got a white garlic pizza... I maybe could have used a bit more cheese, but next time i will just oder extra- because the flavor was right on!! Loved the thin crust pizza- toasty on the bottom, nice crust on the endge. 
and I can say the men at the counter were very nice, asked me and my husband seperately what we liked about our dinner. We even shared a cannolli and it was the best - no gritty sugar like some places, and creamy was the keyword! The shells were fresh too.
so all in all - defiantely a keeper - next time I want to try some pasta dishes.
Only negative, the name does express the food quality but not the seating area, and the outside area appeared inviting, but it was very inviting to a few unfortunate homelss people that were busy begging the minute we walked out of the front door.  Hey, that can even happen in the nicest places in center city, so not a biggy, but it and I know they can't really change that so much.  But wouldn't take my rich inlaws here due to locality only.  would bring it home instead :)This is a solid place to order delivery on a night in. The pizza is pretty tasty and I reccomend the homemade fried mozzarella, it is awesome. Delivery is always super fast as well.Pancetta pizza square is all im going to say. The thin sliced potatoes and bacon make it just to die for. If you're looking to get a pizza out of the ordinary, and just plain delicious,  Trios is the place. I have been here very often since my first time and i will keep coming for sureI I'm only giving 2 stars because the chicken Caesar salad was very good although very small for a "large". The hot wings were the worst I have ever had...they we so fatty and slimy and I ended up just throwing them away.  Awful! First and last time ever ordering there.As a New Yorker in Philly, this place deliveres the best slice south of NY. I had an eggplant slice & a regular slice and both were big, thin, and very much like NY Pizza. The prices were right and the people working there were cool.I've avoided this place like the plague until now, but why? I guess the turnaround on this venue has just been so fast, that I never pay attention to whatever failing restaurant will be there next. 
Lucky for me, yelpers gave it a chance (and rave reviews) and curiosity got the best of me. It didn't hurt that they offered a $10 for $20 groupon. Our meal came to a whopping $2.80 + $10.00 for the groupon. 
Food: Way above average pizza place noms. I ordered the Penne Rosa (Penne with vodka sauce with peas & prosciutto), which was pretty good. I was pleasantly surprised that the sauce wasn't an overly rich mess. Comes with a side salad and 2 garlic knots. Tip: save some of your side salad until your pasta comes because the acidity in the vinaigrette works well to cut the slightly rich component of the pasta.
Bf ordered the Pollo Italiano: Breaded chicken cutlet, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, and sun-dried tomatoes on a homemade roll. Well seasoned breading and overall, a good sandwich. Was a tad dry..could have used some olive oil or something.
Super crazy big ups for making all of their breads, rolls, wrap, etc. fresh in-house everyday.
Venue: Very clean, well organized seating area. FREE PARKING LOT! *heart*  Enough seating for about 20 people. A small amount of outside seating is also available, if you so prefer-- Girard just isn't my idea of a scenic view. Eagles game on the flat-screen...AND...::drum roll:: it's BYOB!
Staff: Uber friendly, but not in a superficial way. They are oddly sincere; a rarity these days. (Order at the register and they bring your food out to you, woohoo! Lazy Americans ftw!).
Portion size: Think big. Eating here makes you wish you were leaving in stretchy-waisted-pants. 
Will I go back? In a word: Yes. I can easily see myself becoming a regular here. I will be returning for their pizza.Great food. Great employees. Fast service. Almost everything on the menu is amazing. I always come here and haven't had one bad experience. I must also say that the counter girl, sara I believe her name is, is polite and a cute girl. Great place & highly recommended.The pizza was good, but the wait was SO long! We got in at 5:15pm and didnt get our pizza until 6:00ish. 
The atmosphere was that of a typical italian pizzeria, but the specialty pizzas were delicious! It was a little hot inside but it's also damn near 100 degrees today so it's just plain hot!Pizza Schmizza.  If I want good pizza, I'll go to Rustica.
I'm here because it's after 9 and most of the takeout places in No-Libs are closed.  Give me a cheese steak.  
The first time I had it, I was a little confused.  Meat and cheese were fine, if unremarkable.  But the bread - this isn't Sarcone's, or Amaroso, or anything I've seen before.  I guess it's closest to Portuguese bread or a panini, and it's a refreshing change of pace.  Hearty without being too crusty and big without overwhelming the rest of the sandwich.
While this is not a destination sandwich (ala Paesano's, it's a sandwich I enjoy having in my neighborhood, and one that provide comfort on a cold night after a long day.  
One more note, the customer service here is impeccable..The tomato pie is good and the wings are above average. This is a solid, cheap place to get a delivery meal at. There's no craziness or big surprises here. It is just a good pizza place.thin crust tomato pie - try it - it's excellent.  sauce isn't sweet at all (my pizza pet peeve)... tomatoes are chunky and delicious... cheese isn't too greasy.  personally i don't like a pizza entirely covered in cheese, and this pizza has the perfect cheese:sauce:crust ratio.  reheats nicely too.  the owner's cool, the place is clean and quick and friendly, the prices are cheap.  they are supposedly working on getting a liquor license.  go trios.Smallest wings in HISTORY! They're good, but a small child could finish 12 no problem. They should be ashamed of themselves by serving something so small. Overall the place is really good, but just don't waste your money on the wings. On a good note, the flat/square pizza is great.Solid delivery spot with consistently good product. The thin crust square margherita is my favorite with a little arugula on top. Delivery time is standard for this neighborhood usually hovering around 45 minutes to an hour. I have never had their pasta entrees but have heard good things.I'm giving them 5 stars for their pizza, which is what they do best. Their square, thin-crust pizza in particular is great, crispy, with a nice balance of flakiness and chewiness. The ingredients always taste fresh, and I find the toppings neither skimpy nor overdone. I live nearby and have ordered delivery and pickup/takeout many, many times, weekday and weekend, daytime and evening, and never had a problem. The look and decor of the place are definitely "pizza parlor" rather than "restaurant," but it's clean and nicely appointed.
A real asset to the neighborhood.Excellent pizza. I don't really like eating there. Just ok. But, I frequently order pizza. I found it by accident and fell in love with their primavera. It is a MASTERPIECE. Even thought of this veggie pizza makes me happy:)The pozza is amazing..staff, veryy nice...will be back to try the calamari and musselsThe food on the menu sounds good but don't be fooled , not so good at all , and the people behind the counter seem to not know what they are doing I came in a few times and noticed they always have someone in training , if you want to dine in get ready to hear loud and  rude delivery guys with all they're friends tagging along with them, over all not worth the money and time.I have had Trios several times now and have never been disappointed. The pizzas are very good. I have tried the BBQ chicken and the white and both were above average. My wife always gets the sausage panini, so one day I tried it and now I can understand why she always gets it. It was delicious. The frech fries are freshly made and the salads are also very fresh. Most recently I tried the Penne Rosa and it was the first time I was not completely happy with my meal. It was ok, but lacked any really distinctive flavor.Everything was bland and tasteless including the waitress.  Had the 'Pollo Limone,'  a flavorless slab of meat that must had laid in the freezer long past its due date.Just wanted to say we've been ordering for the last 3 years and we love so many items, especially the pizza. However, the reason I'm writing is because I ordered wings and they were delivered minus the instructions I requested. I called and they immediately insisted on making another and dropping them off. They were perfect! The best I've eaten from Trios. So, I just wanted to thank Trios for their amazing customer service and fabulous wings!We just moved in neighborhood and came across this Restraunt the Food is outstanding fresh , homemade pastas it's know our favorite places to eatMy rating is actually a 3.75. It's hard to say that I'm a fan (4 stars) after just one visit. But I'm close!
We were looking for a quiet restaurant after 10 PM, where we could eat and talk, and we found Trios Trattoria. While looking at the menu, I wondered out loud what their vegetarian options were, thinking that they would just leave it up to me to find them on my own.  Not so.  The guy at the register jumped right in and pointed out all the vegetarian options and THEN recommended breads to go with the sandwiches he mentioned!  Very cool.
I got the roasted red pepper and portobello mushroom sandwich on focaccia bread. First, let me say that the bread was fresh, warm, soft, and tasty.  All the characteristics I want in a bread. I could've just eaten the bread!  The veggies were also flavored well.
As closing time drew near, the gentleman at the register asked if we wanted to-go containers, but made it clear that, though they were closing in 5 minutes, he was not rushing us. And we didn't feel rushed. We continued to chat and chew, while we packed up what we were planning to take with us. When they started putting the chairs on the tables, we knew it was time to go.  But, again, they never made us feel rushed.  
I don't get to that area very often, so that is the only reason I wouldn't run back there. But that doesn't mean I don't recommend it.  Go.We ordered from here and I will call this a one and done . We ordered for 6 people and no one was happy with there meal . I will use my dish for an example linguine with clams and shrimp. First off caned clams to start off then they take the shrimp and cut them up instead of leaving them whole and to top it off it was very bland . Without going into details of the rest of the order I definitely will not be ordering from here again . If I was there and this was the way it came out I would of taken my party out after the first bite and not paid the bill .I had a really great delivery experience here. The regular round pizza came early/on time and HOT! The cannoli was delicious and crispy. The pizza had the perfect amount of cheese and sauce and the crust was fresh too.I think I crave the Invernale Pizza all day, everyday. Just love the arugula and prosciutto combination. It's light and fresh - all i could ever want in a pizza.Thin crust veggie pizza=heaven. That is all.I live a few blocks from this place and was curious to try this since I received a menu on my door a few months back. Craving pizza one sunday, we decided to try this place out. WOW what a great idea! I ordered a large thin slice bbq chicken pizza and spaghetti and meatballs. the pizza was HUGE and in those square pizza cuts. the pizza was awesome and just the right amount of thickness! spaghetti was pretty decent too not too much sauce but i am a saucy type of person i suppose so that all depends on preference. anyways will definitely be ordering here again soon!The only pizza place near our hotel that had a gluten free pizza and was available for delivery. They took cross contamination very seriously, and my pizza was baked on it's own pan, and even had it's own pizza cutter sealed in a plastic bag. I would order from again if I am in the Philadelphia area.Got delivery from here and it was very surprisingly good. Would definitely order again. Haven't been to eat in yet, but will take a trip soonWeird style place to eat....tables set up but not table service.  I asked the girl at the register if I could order apps and then dinner shortly after but not have to do separate transactions and she looked at me like I had 3 heads.  Thank god for the other girl at the counter who said that's fine.  The first girl just lacked customer service. I stood at the counter for about 2 minutes before she even looked up at me, didn't smile and appeared to be annoyed that I had questions.  I just hope she's not here if I come again.
I would like to amend my review....the manager came to our table after my review was posted and apologized which was much appreciated.  The food was excellent and the manager as well as the other counter girl had great customer service.  I will defiantly return it was delicious and the menu had a lot of variety and also different meals that are hard to come by.  I HIGHLY recommend the antipasto plate, I wanted to lick the plate clean!!Had a minor problem with my order and sal the owner got on the phone and took care of it 100%. Pizza was great though I have to admit! Recommend the square ! Thanks !I've ordered from here multiple times without any problems. Today I ordered a salad that was disgusting. The feta cheese, which I paid extra for, was spoiled and sour. I called to ask for a refund and I was essentially told to screw off. Horrid customer service and an overall bad experience.Trios is delish. Square pizza is absolute perfection if you're looking for a well-balanced, thin crust. It's quite simple: fresh, quality ingredients equal great taste. Generous toppings. Have also had their salads--fresh, yummy and satisfying. Never tried entrees so cannot comment on those. I would imagine given 'za & salads, they're also up to par. Also on Thurs-Sat, they deliver super late night. Dig it!!DO NOT ORDER FOOD FROM HERE. I REPEAT. DO NOT ORDER FOOD FROM HERE.
The food is absolutely vile. I ordered the Pasta Rigatoni Pork Ragu. It smelled spoiled, and tasted absolutely horrid. Mind you there was barely any pork even within the sauce. I also ordered the Minestrone soup. This was anything but a soup, but a poor excuse of a dish. It basically was orecchiette with some tomato sauce. A $1.50 Can of Progresso would taste a million times better than this bull crap. I asked for a full refund via Uber Eats. There are far better options in the neighborhood. To not let an empty stomach and photos fool you. This place is ABSOLUTE GARBAGE. And I would be ashamed to be called an Italian place in Philadelphia. You all need to go back to school and learn how to cook.