Love this place for brunch. Its hip. Its cool. Its quality food. Next to the river bike trail. What wlse...?  Oh yeah!  DOG FRIENDLY OUTDOOR PATIO as a bonus!!!Stopped here with a friend from work for a quick lunch and wasn't disappointed.  I usually  try to stick with healthier options, but I am so glad I splurged on the chicken and waffles.  Both were flavorful and fresh. There was plenty of butter and syrup on the side.  My friend had eggs with feta cheese. She told me says after that she couldn't wait to go back and order them again they were so delicious.  We both also ordered sides of grits which made our meals perfect.  The service was efficient but not hurried.  It was chilly on the day we visited bit there seemed to be ample space for outdoor dining which I'm looking forward to next time.Friendly service, fresh food. I came here thinking it would be a small dive cafe that I could grab a snack from but was pleasantly surprised that it was a modern, fresh, full menu cafe. We enjoyed breakfast and lunch items including smoothies, waffles and kids meals. It came fast, we ate it all up and it was affordable. Atmosphere is nice and outdoor seating is a plus. They are very friendly and accommodating as well.This is a great place. I had a tuna melt panini and I have also had their yogurt parfait.  Both were delicious and freshly made.  The potato of the day was roasted red potatoes and boy, were they delicious!  The manager on duty was great and I noticed another employee wiping each piece of silverware before wrapping it up in napkins- awesome attention to detail! I will definitely return here another time!Huevos Rancheros was delicious. Portions not huge, but service very friendly and price is decent. Will come back!I was walking my dog along ridge avenue and decided to stop in for breakfast. I had seen on other yelp reviews that there was outdoor seating and it was a nice day, so I went up to the front and asked. A server took us out to the back and it was a tented patio with a heater, which was nice, because it was chilly.
The servers were very attentive and they even brought fresh water for my dog (they also have a doggy menu!) the food arrived quickly and it was moderately priced and delicious. This is a nice quick place to stop into after a run or bike ride on Kelly drive.Before taking a walk on Kelly Drive, I alongside my 4 friends decided to have lunch at the Trolly Car Cafe.  I have to start out by saying that this is a small dining area temporarily and it is a challenge it looks like to fit large numbers of people inside. Groups of 4 come in one after the other and the wait is sometimes long. The staff does an amazing job of remaining patient and professional while handling all of these tasks. 
The menu selection is great and some items are very unique! We each had breakfast items and they came out in a decent amount of time and were very delicious.
The only thing I will say, and I know they cannot help it currently, however it is a very small dining room and very loud when it is filled. There is also very little space and it can become quite crowded at times but other than that great service!Every new year, our staff does a local brunch to help us ease back to work after the holidays. This year someone suggested the Trolley Car Cafe. We have a staff of 23, so it can get tricky finding a venue that can accommodate a group our size where the prices are reasonable and the food variety meets the dietary and taste preferences of everyone. 
This place hit the spot!
They basically reserved the whole restaurant for our group, forming 2 long tables. 
The La Colombe coffee is delicious and the server kept it coming!
All of the food arrived hot, including the eggs! Everyone LOVED their food! There was praise for the Chicken and Waffles, Breakfast Gumbo, and California Benedict! Also, the orange juice was fresh and tasted great!
The only small things to consider was the slightly lengthy wait for the food, although the server was attentive throughout, and the limited parking. 
Many of our group expressed the desire to return on there, especially to enjoy the outdoor seating!Went here for lunch today at it was delicious. I got take out and everyone was so helpful and nice when I went to pick up my food I couldn't help but tell them! I got the Caprese salad and added the grilled Cajun shrimp to it. It was soooooo good! everything was so fresh and I love that they don't put a heavy vinaigrette on it they let everything stand on its own.. The shrimp and just the right amount of kick to it and the salad was the perfect size. It looked very clean and welcoming inside I cant wait to go in and try some of there breakfast items they look just as good.Good food.  Dog welcome outside!
 Slow service at 1030 on a Saturday morning.  Tried to put six people at a four top, and all our food.   Could not get our drinks refilled.Great Breakfast and lunch spot. I come here every time I am in the neighborhood. Highly recommended.  Staff is always kind.Well, I decided to give Trolly Car another shot. I called my order in from work, emphasizing "NO MAYONNAISE".
I get to Trolly Car, they give me my order and luckily I checked it. Wanna no why? Because it had mayo on it, again.
Everyone at Trolly Car needs a hearing aide.Went here for brunch this past Sunday.
I got the huevos Rancheros which was AMAZING.  House made chili was so good, the only thing that was a bit of a let down was the eggs were not runny, they were cooked all the way through.  Would've been A++ otherwise, but still really good.
The only weird thing is that we arrive at 1:30 and were notified that they closed at 3pm (which was fine) but breakfast menu would only be served until 2pm, and then from 2pm-3pm it was only the lunch menu?  Just seemed a bit odd.  Fresh squeezed OJ was great too.  I also liked that you could bring your dog to sit with you on the patio.  
Will definitely visit this place again.Excellent find!  Scrambled eggs and corn bread. Delish!  We will definitely be coming back!I had avoided this place because I thought it would be like the diner (of which I am not a fan) so I was pleasantly surprised when I agreed to go with a friend who suggested it.  Much better than I expected.  The only reason I'm giving a three star and not a four is because we only had breakfast, and it was a first visit. I'll try again and see what I think.  Menu is small but nice.  We both had breakfast -- I just did eggs, toast and grits but all were good.  They poached well, the multi-grain was good, and the grits were yum.  The coffee was good.  Service was adequate but could have been a bit more attentive.  The jelly should have come earlier (it was good -- homemade and interesting flavors) and we should have been asked about coffee refills, but it was fine.  The outdoor patio space was pleasant on a fall day and we both thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to eat outside.  Just passed through the inside dining room. Looked small, but comfortable and cute.  Looking forward to trying this option again.This place is so cool! It is an old bath house turned into a cute café with lots of outdoor seating. 
Their breakfast menu is really good with a nice variety of healthy options. The frittatas are my favorite and I have had them a few times. The last time I was there I ordered the Garden Frittata made with egg whites and it came with a side of toast. It was delicious! 
I can't wait to go back to try their milkshakes next. They look yummy.Food was amazing best spot to go to for brunch!! Jasmine was a great help highly recommend this placeFood was just ok and menu was uninspired. Great location and wonderful that it's dog friendly.This is a really cute cafe.  I went there for brunch and was pleasantly surprised.  It's perfect for a stop off on a bike ride along Kelly Drive or in Wissahickon park.  There are several bike racks outside to facilitate locking up your bike.  They even advertise bike rentals and repair, although I didn't use either of those services.  We both got bagel sandwiches and orange juice.  The eggs were fresh and delicious and nicely cooked and the orange juice was fresh squeezed.  There was ample outdoor seating on the back patio.  I would return again for brunch.Trolley Car Cafe has its quirks, for sure -- it's located on a hard-to-find corner in East Falls (Kelly Dr and Ferry Rd) where life becomes very difficult if you miss the initial turn into the parking lot (which is easily done).  Tip: use the 50-cent/hour parking lot located in the center of the intersection.
The dining space is really cramped on the inside, and the acoustics are awkwardly echoey and loud.  Food is decently palatable and the menu is a step better than average diner fare, if a little overpriced.
If I hadn't had friends with me who knew how the place operated, I wouldn't have known that it was self-seating, or that food was ordered from the counter -- no guiding signs or helpful counter staff to show you the ropes.  And while I don't have a problem with ordering at the counter like you would at food-serving coffeehouses and the like, it just didn't make sense to do that when our waitress served us our menus, our utensils and our food at the table.
Overall, not my kind of place -- though I can see the quaint, relaxed charm appealing to others less fussy than I am.I was very pleased with this incarnation of The Trolley Car restaurants!
Trolley Car Cafe, East Falls, diverges largely from its siblings. Trolley has rain proof outdoor seating, a cozy and warm indoor environment, perfectly sized portions, and a creative menu.  
As far as the menu Trolley can whip up the usual along with unique selections like cream chipped beef, breakfast nachos, and Belgium waffles (ice cream and fruit if you want)! One thing that really stands out are the rectangular plates, it just makes the food more organized and it's more fun to eat that way.
Because Trolley is dog friendly, clean, and modern you can't beat it! Also our waitress Sarah was wonderful as she was quick, nice, and thoughtful. Great service. Never been disappointed.This is a wonderful cafe in Philly!!  We were in town for the Independence Day Regatta and came here for brunch and lunch over the weekend! The frittata was awesome and the Cobb salad amazing!   Sit outside and enjoy Philly!  Ask for Holly, she is a fantastic server!!!Just returned from Trolley Car for brunch with my bf.  Overall, not a bad experience. Parking was a a bit inconvenient. They have a parking lot, but it only fits a few cars, and I think 4 of those spots are for takeout only  or they will tow you.  We ended up parking around the corner on Ridge.
The place is cute enough..clean and uncrowded with a tiny dining area. The best seating, in my opinion, is outside, where they have a cute patio area. Unfortunately, it was too cold to eat outside today. 
We ordered Belgian waffles with pecans and bananas. I also had turkey bacon, and my bf had chicken sausage.  They had a special today which sounded delicious, which I kind of wish I had tried... a turkey and apple melt on a croissant. Some other interesting-sounding things on their menu were: a montecristo sandwich, kobe or crabcake sliders, and challah frenchtoast. They also offer omelettes... each topping will cost you $1.00.
The place is ok. It's perfect for eating on the run or after a day of running or biking on Kelly Drive.  I wouldn't go in there expecting to get "full" 
because for the most part, the food is pretty light.
The only thing I didn't like was their selection of tea. They carry Tazo teas, which in my opinion is the worst brand out there.
People say they're expensive, but we thought their prices were average.first lunch with the new team at the new job. i think this is a pretty popular spot...mainly because there aren't very much other options in the area. the space is small but still cute. everyone ordered something different and seemed to really enjoy their food. i opted for their bbq pulled pork sandwich...omg! it was so delicious. our server was nice too.
the only meh thing for me were the flies (it was an extremely hot day though so i'll give them that) and the blase attitude from some of the other staff.
since the food was good and my experience wasn't terrible, i will def be stopping by again to give them another try...especially since they are nearby.I have been to this place for brunch 3 times and have enjoyed the food, however the service was so bad most recently that we have been turned off. I don't know how they expect to run a competitive business if they are losing ticket orders.  
We watched everyone else get their meals and finish before our food was even brought out. After we caught on and realized that we were the only ones not eating, the waiter came over and asks if he can verify our order.... Because tickets were missing.  We had to place our order again. This was a solid 55 minutes after placing our order originally. At least an additional 15-20 minutes later and our food finally arrived. 
Except for the side of roasted potatoes we ordered. 
Had to ask for those again.
We were waiting so long, the bus boy came over to clean off our table before we even got our food.
When it was time for the check... we had to wait an additional 15 minutes after the waiter acknowledged that he would bring our check over. 
There was no apology or acknowledgement that they really dropped the ball in losing our order. 
Food is good. But management really needs to get it together!Lovely little spot just off of Kelly Drive that has a lot of charm and great food. Indoor seating is limited but their outdoor seating is accommodating to pets. I've seen that they also sell little treats for them. It's called a cafe but they have pretty nice variety on their food menu. 
I've come on multiple occasions during the old and new management and have had good experiences every time. A couple of my favorite items are the fish tacos and the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. 
Due to its size, it lends itself more toward intimate gatherings. But one of the best things is being able to enjoy a walk down Kelly Drive before or after stopping in at the cafe.I went for the first time yesterday for breakfast.  I arrived a bit after 8 am, and there was no one else in the cafe when I was there.  I ordered pancakes, and then proceeded to wait.  And wait. And wait.  After fifteen minutes, I asked what was happening.  I was told they cook their pancakes in a skillet in the oven (what???) so it takes a big longer.  Finally, after twenty minutes, I left.  
How can it possibly take more than twenty minutes for pancakes when there is no one else is the restaurant???  I won't be back.I have been going to trolley car for a few years now. They recently had a remodel and must have hired a new manager Holly who is horrible. When I went on to pick up my order she was snapping at her co workers  just rude and disrespectful. I then got home with my order and saw they were 1/2 the size they used to be. I called them and asked for a mgr and  asked if they had a new sizing for the same price they were charging and Holly informed me she didn't know. I explained I ordered a large and received a size that was 1/2 the size of my previous orders. She again said she didn't know. At that point I hung up. She called me back twice which I ignored I try not to talk when I'm aggravated. She called a 3rd time to let me know she just talked to the cook and they are downsizing their portions but not changing prices to reflect that and it's not her fault my order wasn't explained to me !!  Is she kidding with this !!! I proceeded to tell her not to worry about it. I wouldn't be back between their poor service, Her attitude and their attempt to take advantage of their customers. Beware !!Just moved to the area and was looking for a good place to get brunch. I got a simple with bacon egg and cheese and cheese grits. It was excellent. Kyle, the waiter did a great job. Was impressed that he repeated the order to make sure he got it right.The atmosphere is fun and casual... Will definitely be backSomebody said this was a popular place. We stopped in for a late breakfast. I was not impressed at all. The place looks run down. Whats with the storage container by the outdoor seating? Looks like you're eating in an alley or something.
 Our service staff did not seem real welcoming. Otherwise service was timely. The coffee was crappy. The food was ok, nothing special. I will not be returning.I had the Belgian waffles with bananas this morning, can you say delicious?! The waffles were cooked to perfection very soft in the middle yet crisp on the outskirts of the waffle (just how I love it!) 
however, the waitress lacked personality. She didn't seemed too excited to be there and she really made me feel uncomfortable, nor did she check to see how I was doing which to me is important. 
Aside from the personality of the waitress the food was delicious! Definitely would recommend this place to others!I just don't know what all the hype is about. My husband and I stopped by at 10 am for a Sunday morning breakfast, and immediately noticed:
1. the confusing and cramped seating situation. no hostess, no helpful counter staff, no sign to seat yourself.
2. the general dirtiness/dinginess of everything. we went to sit at one table, and were forced to sit at a different one altogether because there were rolls of toilet paper sitting on the chairs. wth? there were ginormous dust bunnies hanging out on the floor, and the walls look like there'd recently been a food fight.
3. the brusque, inattentive wait staff.
4. the limited brunch menu- it really seems like more of a grab-n-go situation, with a couple of options for egg sammies, a customizable frittata, eggs benny, and french toast. nothing really too fancy. which is fine, but see #5:
5. every menu item is at least $2-3 overpriced. especially for the fact that the place has little ambiance, an apathetic waitstaff, and is order-at-the-counter. and, like I said, it's not like they serve up anything special. for my money, I'd rather grab a sammie at Ryebread in Art Museum or just make pancakes at home.
overall, I'm pretty meh on the scenario. I'm not saying it's the worst place to eat- and their lunch menu definitely looked more appetizing+extensive. but we won't be back.Decent. A little pricy for my tastes, I got a chili dog (huge, chili was odd but I'm used to living in a Latino neighborhood, overall-good) boyfriend got a turkey club ( massive, like couldn't finish it huge- but overall what one would look for in a turkey club). Probably won't stop back in soon, it wasn't bad but nothing wow worthy.First impression was great. Great location, decor and friendly welcome. Unfortunately was disappointed from there. Silverwear, glasses, mugs, were spotty/dirty. Sunny day. Not enough umbrellas to cover 3 of the tables outside. People getting up and moving constantly. Staff was super flustered/visibly overwhelmed. Food took extremely long to come out. Was okay. Appearance was sloppy. Bread barely toasted. Stale. Jelly/Salsa came out in plastic to-go containers. Check took quite long to receive. Had all the makings of a great spot, but too much stacked against it.Best to sit in the garden during the warm months. The inside can get a bit noisy. Friendly and good service and food.The first time I went here the service was slow.  I didn't have a lot of time so I chalked it up to my own impatience. 
Fast forward to the first sunny/warm day of the spring seaon.  I definitely wanted to sit outside, so this was my place of choice.  When we asked to be seated out on the patio we were told it had been set up but wasn't open until tomorrow.  I didn't get it b/c it WAS set up.  We got a table right inside the patio door.  The waitress then came over to open the window next to me and explained that I shouldn't get cold b/c it's a nice day out... yes I know, I wanted to sit outside, remember?  
So we order our food and wait for it to arrive.  In the mean time 3 other parties arrive and want to sit outside.  One left, one took a table inside and the others WENT TO SIT OUTSIDE! Now I'm completely annoyed.  My salad is taking forever and I'm watching people out on the patio.  
Food arrives and I know immediately that my SALAD has been under the heat lamp.   The plate is almost hot.  I touch the lettuce and it is wilted and warm... disgusting! 
I send it back and let the server know that I am completely annoyed that we were told that we couldn't sit outside.  She said "they got take out, we're not serving them out there"  WIERD, because I've watched you take out silverware, menus, water and coffee.   No food, because again the service was so SLOW!
I get a new salad and we finish eating.  I overhear the server telling 3 other tables that their plate was hot and to be careful.  Food does NOT make a plate hot.  Leaving it too long under a heat lamp does!  She clears our plates and ...then... we... wait...
After 10 minutes of waiting for a check, my friend gets up to and walks to the register.  Three employees walk past her -some multiple times before she is acknowleged.  Our waitress finally offers to help and asks my friend "where were you sitting, oh yeah, what did you get?"  There are max 10 tables in the entire place... and oh 1 on the patio! Unreal!!
Two strikes and your out in my book!The trolley car cafe is the best breakfast spot on the river for bikers, families and pet lovers. Similar to a traditional diner they keep the coffee coming throughout your meal except it is quality la Columbe coffee. Everything is fresh and made in house (even the jelly). Outdoor seating in a small veggie garden. I will be going back soon.This is our go to restaurant after we bike the Schuylkill Trail.  While most folks plan bike rides based on mileage and ride difficulty,  we plan our brunch with friends (co riders, actually) as often as we can and the ride is somewhat incidental.    
We are big fans of the special La Colombe coffee (an ice coffee after a ride plus a frittata with sausage, bacon and spinach made my Sunday today).   Wifey likes the Challah French toast.  While it was in the mid 90s today as part of an area wide heat alert, we found ourselves very comfortable inside with the AC.  
Service is sometimes hit and miss (our fellow diners were offered jam that took the whole meal to arrive along with a missing smoothie that finally made it's way to the table) but the joint was crowded as everyone was looking for some relief and great chow, so we didn't make a fuss.  Once the Kale berry smoothie arrived, the ladies announced it a success.    The jam was practically empty and did not look so appetizing.  But I am nit picking.    Food and quality are great.  
Excellent choice for breakfast or lunch.Dropped in with kids for lunch today after walking by the river. Really nice outdoor area and dog friendly. Server was really nice, but it took a little long to get our lunch. Kids were antsy. Got 3 smoothies and the banana strawberry was by far the best. Waffle fries were awesome . Mac n cheese looked out of the box , but kids liked them. Loved the fish tacos.Perfect! The food here is amazing. Fresh and hot off the grill. Really interesting food options including what I ordered, corn bread scramble. It was a generous portion served with potatoes and I added some chicken sausage. The chicken sausage is a must have! The BF had breakfast sliders which were served on brioche mini buns. All in all a must stop! There seems to be a bit of a wait - but that just means there are tons of people who love it too!Not sure what everyone else is talking about,  but the service here is great. It gets pretty busy at brunch hour, and we've always had servers who refill water, clean tables, do a great job on everything.
The food is decent portion to justify the price, and it's a really cool building inside- used to be a pool house with a little pool out back that's now their outdoor patio. They deliver, too.
It can be hard to find since it's under the huge overpass, but there's a ton of free parking on the street.Great spot for brunch, especially spring through fall months when outdoor seating is available. Eggs Benedict were done to perfection! Staff very friendly and server especially attentive. Definitely worth placing on my list of will come again.Wow what an overpriced "diner".  I stopped by looking forward to eating a tasty meal and after ordering my bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel I was told the total was $6.91! I scoffed at the price, and reluctantly pulled out my wallet.  Its East Falls so it should not be Rittenhouse prices, I have also gotten cheaper breakfast sandwiches in Rittenhouse! While the bagel was yummy, it is near impossible to make a breakfast sandwich taste bad.  Get your prices fixed Trolley Car, you won't see me again.Food was great , but service was super slow! The whole meal sitting took double the amount of time it should have .Ok so first off I want to say that I really enjoy Trolley Car Cafe's food. It's always fresh and it always tastes delicious. The problem is when I call to order take out. I've ordered take out 4 times and they've messed it up twice.
Can we talk about how much I HATE mayonnaise. Like I despise it. So whenever I order take out from anywhere I make a point to say "no mayo" a few times. Today I ordered turkey bacon, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread. I wouldn't just say "BLT" because I know that comes with that god for saken condiment. I make a point to say "please, no mayo". The girl taking my order repeats my order and I say AGAIN "yes, and please, no mayo". She says "ok".
Now let's talk about where I'm ordering from: North Philly. The land of only fried, not fresh food. One of my coworkers is always nice enough to drive all the way to Trolly Car. I only say this because ordering from Trolly Car is like a treat for us. We know the chances of food poisoning are slim to none unlike if we were ordering from somewhere in North Philly.
She comes all the way back with our order. What do I get? Sliced turkey, lettuce, tomato AND MAYONNAISE!
Really Trolly Car? Really? I can deal with the sliced turkey instead of turkey bacon, but not the mayo. I'm starving and now you've ruined my lunch with mayo. Again. I could call and complain, but what's that going to do? They're going to apologize and I'm still going to be hungry because none us have the time to go all the way back there.
So, in my quest for good food I might have to say "Hell no" the next time someone says "Should we order from Trolly Car?"Decent little breakfast spot. I can't speak on lunch or dinner but every time I've eaten  breakfast here the food was above average and so was the service. Plus they have a spot out back for dogs. So four stars all day.We  have been here a number of times for lunch with our son who lives in East Falls. Menu has creative choices. The food has always been good, service friendly, prices reasonable. We had a wait time of about 25 minutes which is not unusual for any good restaurant around the city. They are currently expanding which should improve wait time. We will return.Another pleasant surprise! I could kick myself for not going here sooner. "Trolley Car Cafe" sounded gimmicky, however it is the real deal. Really solid breakfast/lunch, great outdoor space, ice cream, coffee, and service was spot on. if you live in CC, bike out here...stuff youself....and cab it home...so good.
pros- huge outddoor eating area
cons- none!A great addition to the neighborhood! The back garden is lovely, and the whole place has an easy calm atmosphere. The food is very fresh, and their coffee is delicious and reasonably priced. Parking is easy, and I didn't even realize they were open 'til 10pm. 
My only request is for more grab-and-go food. Close to exam time, I'm looking for sandwiches to fuel my studies, and I would love to be able to duck in to Trolley Car to stock up on weekend vittles.Laidback environment, friendly staff, good food! Perfect place for Sunday brunch. Love the new upgrade on the green and brown mugs.Was here a couple of years ago, and remember having good food...unfortunately our experience today was completely different. The iced tea tasted like mildew. The special salmon salad described as "house-smoked salmon" with raisins and apples over greens, was canned salmon with just raisins-no apples-over old greens that were wilted and mushy. The half sandwich chicken salad had so much mayo it was dripping wet, and even though I asked for toasted bread, came out on regular bread that fell apart while I was eating it. The special curry squash soup was way over-spiced, and super thick like a puree. We waited awhile for our server to check in and see that we hadn't eaten much of our food, before finally going inside to get the check, and requesting that they take off the salmon salad. The server was very nice about it, and took that off, plus an extra 10%, which we appreciated (hence the second star). Extra bummed out, as we'll be moving to the neighborhood soon, and were hopeful that this might be a regular spot for us.This place is still top on my list for breakfast and lunch. Their standard menu never disappoints and there are always amazing specials to chose from. I think my favorite part is being able to sit on the patio with my my dog and enjoy the nice weather!A hidden gem! The food here is phenomenal every time. The menu standards are great, and the specials are unique and tasty. Options to suit all different preferences including great vegetarian dishes. The staff are friendly and efficient. Outdoor dining on a nice day is great. Inside is a bit snug, so be prepared to wait during peak times and make new friends in your dining neighbors. Love this place!Trolley Car is a solid 4.5 stars :)
They serve breakfast until 2 in the afternoon which is a beautiful thing. They also have a really nice outside back patio are where you can bring your dog in the summer. This doubles space in the warmer months. Coffee is always nice and hot, the girls are friendly and the food is good. Lately they have been adding things to the menu by daily specials. The pasta toss is *amazing*, serving is huge and it comes with 4 huge pieces of garlic bread. delish. I love that it is a local business that really supports the community. The only downside to TCC is the limited seating for the inside. Other than that the prices are extremely fair ( a fan of the friend egg on an everything bagel for under $4-  amazing) the atmostphere is homey and friendly with a vintage twist. TCC is the perfect local dig for East FallsThe food is not what it used to be.  I have tried three times now and I thought it was a fluke the first time, sadly it is not.  Pass on the breakfast. Make it a coffee stop on your way.Ate outside, comfy chairs, nice garden, good service, and my food was amazing. Will be back for seconds!
Update 4/1/2017: the 3 meat frittata is AMAZINGGG. Put some hot sauce o that boy and it's sweet (maple) and salty GOODNESS! Also the Espresso milkshake is awesome.Cute little no-frills diner. A friend and I came here on a sunny day, so we enjoyed lunch on the little patio outside. I got a burger, which was pretty unmemorable. Service was decent, not terribly slow (though the place was empty). Our server was friendly and I really don't have any complaints. I would probably give Trolley Car another shot in the future.I have finally found Peace in my search for serious breakfast food.  The trolley car cafe is a Delightful spot to eat. The breakfast is delicious.  Try the challah french toast . The service is very pleasant and the ambiance is warm and friendly.Great place for breakfast but the only thing I didn't like that it's a bit expensive.I think this place takes advantage of the fact that they're the only breakfast place in the area. The food is ok but the prices are a little high, especially for this area of young professionals and students. $24 for three bagel sandwiches and a drink? Come on. 
Plus side: they have a menu for your pup who can join you on the patio when it's nice out! The pup enjoyed his meatballs and endless water supply last summer.Really nice spot. Great location, excellent outdoor seating and their breakfast sandwiches are pretty ballin'seated outside and forgotten; moved in outside and finally got drinks; watched ppl in after us receive their food before us; left after not receiving our food, refills, or even a friendly check-in from the staff for an hour; some of the staff were being served food prior to the guests; use to enjoy for a quick breakfast but it's food that can be made at home for way cheaper and without the frustration of feeling like your business doesn't matter.Delicious food, but beware the wait! This restaurant is teeny tiny, so if you go here on a Saturday at 11 am with a party of 6, you're going to wait. You're going to wait a lot. It'll be worth it, but don't go on an empty stomach. 
On the plus side they have delicious ice creams and sodas, and some pretty wacky specials. When we went last, my boyfriend got a breakfast sandwich with a cinnamon roll for a bun. He loved it!I guess I picked the wrong Sunday to finally try this place after bookmarking it last year. After waiting ten minutes to be greeted by our server, we found out they were short a cook that day. So that pretty much slowed up the entire process. But I can say the waitress did work hard to meet all our needs in a timely manner. The restaurant itself was slightly warm. Not sure if they had AC or not. There definitely were no ceiling fans in sight. What I do like about the seating is that you have the option to sit indoors or outdoors. The outside eating area is larger than indoors. Due to the limited seating outside and time restraints, we chose to eat indoors to reduce the wait time. 
We ordered breakfast meals. Cheese grits with scrambled eggs and bacon. And challah French toast with scrambled eggs and bacon. Aside from us waiting 30 minutes for our order, the food wasn't bad. The grits could have been cooked a little longer and the French toast could have been softer. However, I have no real complaints. I definitely would go back. Oh, the iced coffee was good too. I did not appreciate them telling me they were out of strawberries for the toast and when I paid my check another customer had strawberries on theirs. My actual rating for Trolley Car is 3.5. I did not want to put four since my wait time was so long and I did not get strawberries. But I will definitely go back.My friend and I eat here once every weekend after we go running on Kelly Drive. We've been coming for a few years now. We love the menu and look forward to eating a nice breakfast after our run is over. They are also very dog friendly and I love bringing my dog when it's warm enough to sit outside on the patio. 
The service leaves a little to be desired---it seems that many of the staff are new to working in restaurants and need some mentoring. Everyone is ALWAYS friendly though and proud of the food they serve, which keeps us coming back. 
The Trolley Card rewards program also gets us a discount from time to time when we earn enough points!A decent diner at the bottom of the hill in east falls. We've eaten here a few times on and it's been a consistent experience each time. The food is okay, and there are both standard diner items and slightly more elaborate dishes. The former seem better than the latter. Service generally isn't great, but that could be because they're so busy on weekends. It's not a very big place, so it can feel pretty cramped. Would recommend if you live nearby and just want something basic.This was our second visit to Trolley Car Cafe and based on today's experience, I would choose to eat elsewhere. We arrived around noon and expected a crowd but it only took about 15 minutes for us to get an inside table. After getting our waters and placing our orders (a cuban panini, chicken and waffles and a dutch oven pancake) , we sat for at least 30 minutes with no interaction from our server. After finally waving down a different server to check on our food, we were informed that this was the standard wait time! It took another 15 minutes before the panini and the pancake arrived and another 5 after that for the chicken and waffles. So total, we waited 45 minutes (more since I didn't really start counting until it became obvious that we had been sitting there for a while) before all the food arrived on the table, most of that time being ignored by the waitstaff. From our vantage point inside, it appeared that the kitchen was busy the entire time but food was trickling out very slowly. The food was fine but nothing I needed to go out of my way for (the dutch oven pancake is just four pieces of pancake tossed onto a plate). The service was so slow that it was not worth my time to be frustrated for basic food. We waited longer for our food than it took to eat it. Ironically, the server was very prompt in providing our check. FYI, the air conditioning inside also seemed to be lacking.Good hospitality, delicious paninis. Nice place for a relaxing breakfast. Definitely I'll be back again.Pretty decent food but expensive. Built a egg, cheddar, sausage, lettuce, tomato and onion breakfast sandwich that was pretty good. Lox and cream cheese is on par. Have to give them props for the garden and fresh ingredients. Wish you could give half stars.Pretty wonderful space. Fun environment and tasty food! Well worth a field trip!I did not have a good experience. My mother and i went, they sat us pretty fast which is always a plus, however it was extremely small inside. So small that a woman who had just worked out was trying to get into her seat, it took her about 3 minutes to squeeze past everyone and 2 more minutes to get her butt outta my face! The waiter was professional, also a plus but the food was just satisfactory. I had chicken and waffles the chicken was burnt and they added walnuts to the chicken which were also burnt. However, when i opened the chicken it was still pink on the inside. If they expand the inside a bit and put out better quality food ALL THE TIME they could be an excellent restaurant.I decided to stop by the Trolley Car cafe after moving to East Falls. I sat out back on their porch and I loved the way it was set up. They have a large vegetable garden, big canopy, and great decor. It has a wonderful atmosphere that I enjoyed.
The service was a little slow for an afternoon meal.  The food was just average.  The meal did not seem to pop at all. I ordered a panini and the bread overwhelmed the sandwich. The lack of sauce really took away from the meal. I also ordered home fries that were under cooked and lacked seasoning.
This would be a good place to stop by for a coffee, but just be weary of the food menu.I am a fan of both the Trolley Car Diner and the Cafe. They gave the cafe a facelift and expanded the indoor seating which is good. I usually come here for brunch and enjoy a good cup of coffee but this time I came for a late lunch. I got an awesome sandwich with pork belly and turkey. My wife got the fish tacos and they were really good.
They have a great little outside seating/garden area which is good when the weather is right. There is a bike rental place attached which is cool if you wanna ride to Manayunk or along Kelly Drive to the Art Museum. 
My only complaint is that my server was sitting at an adjacent table eating lunch in between visits to my table. I understand everyone has to eat, but it's awkward to feel like you're interrupting her lunch if you need something. Not to mention, there is the issue of washing hands which surely wasn't happening during the split time between her lunch and my service.I really enjoy trolley car every time I go there. The food is fresh...you can even take a look at their garden out back which is pretty cool to see what you might be eating. The outside dining area is perfect too! They always have great specials added to the menu. The frittatas and build your own wraps are really yummy. I've also had a few salads that were really fresh and made my belly happy :) This is a great place to come and relax and enjoy a nice meal.I stopped in for a late breakfast on a Saturday with one other person. We picked to sit at an outdoor table. The server greeted us quickly and took our order shortly after. This place was really cute. The food was pretty good, but we both felt it was salty. All in all, this was a nice place, and I would come back.Woke up Sunday morning to try based on reviews. Food not at all cracked up to be. Food was served to us cold. Looks are very deceiving. We could have cooked the same food better at home. Service was ok though. The only good thing about the place is the "fresh squeezed orange juice" and food presentation.  Overall not a place to take time out of your day to go to.Love it here. 2nd time here and it's gets better every time. Fish & grits are so gooooodddd!! My server Holly was so pleasant. She even remembered my order from the last time I was there. Very attentive & food came out hot(which is always a plus)!!! Definitely will be a regular here!!!Since I work in East Falls I hit up this spot pretty often, and it routinely hits the spot for breakfast and/or lunch. It's also a nice "light at the end of the tunnel" anytime you're working on your fitness on Kelly Drive.
I haven't been disappointed yet. The food is consistently fresh, delicious and well-priced. Pick a panini, any panini. Bite down, do a li'l happy Cliff Huxtable chair dance and enjoy yourself.
Or, get the Challah French toast. It won't make you holla ('cause that would be too punny lame-o), but you will be happily fed. It's especially divine with a fresh, piping hot cup of La Colombe! Or, just get some oatmeal. This ain't your sad, shake-me-down packet of powdery oats--there's a MEAL happenin' chirren!  You're welcome, dearie. You're welcome.
Oh, and in the spring and summer, the outdoor patio dining area really makes for a fun place to meet up with friends or co-workers. See you around...I really enjoy coming to this place. Sometimes I go there weekly for Sunday brunch. Service is not always the best, but they do get swamped time to time. Oh, one thing I will never understand is the cinnamon "raisin" french toast. Where are the raisins!? lolMy girlfriend and I decided to try Trolley Car Cafe for brunch and let me tell you this place is to die for!!!!!! From the greeting when we walked in, to the excellent service proved by Holly to the delicious food from Isaac. I ordered the chicken and waffles with a side of potatoes and a piece of catfish. My girlfriend ordered cinnamon raisin French toast with a side of potatoes and bacon. All I have to say is that everything was DELICIOUS!!!!!!! I especially loved the catfish-thank you so much Isaac :-) the breading on the catfish-omg... Perfectly seasoned and just scrumptious. My girlfriend has no complaints either. If you are looking for great service with warm and friendly staff as well as delicious food. Please visit the Trolley car cafe. Trust me you will not be disappointed