Ordered via Yelp EAT24. This is some solid Korean fried chicken. The batter is super crunchy, and you can hear and feel the crunch when you bite into it. Big fan of the spicy sauce, it packs a nice heat and is a little bit sweet. In addition, the 10 piece came with a side of radishes. 
French fry game needs to step up. They were unseasoned and basic shoestring fries. 
Andy's Fried Chicken is pretty similar if you're looking for something around Fishtown or Grad Hospital.Love this place! Have been back twice in 1 week. It will probably become my go-to fried chicken place. Don't get me wrong, I love Bonchon,  but this specific chain has a special place in my heart (if you watch kdramas, you know why). The chicken is so tasty without feeling heavy on your stomach. My only gripe is that I've been to the NYC Ktown location and they have a larger selection of food offerings (such as ddedokbokki, kimbap  and soups). Hopefully they can expand their menu!
Also, I think it's fun how they have games such as Connect Four and Jenga for you to play as you wait!The chicken here is really good. It is fried perfectly, and tastes amazing. The chicken is far from dry and very flavorful! We tried the chicken sandwich combo with secret spicy sauce and the 6 piece boneless tenders combo with honey garlic sauce.  They were a good size, and the secret spicy sauce was pretty good. Their fries were also very good. 
Some things of note though, like everyone said, it takes a good 20 minutes to get your food, so I wouldn't plan on this being a quick meal. However, the wait, I think is definitely worth it.
Also, if I went back again, I think I would avoid the honey garlic sauce. It was way too heavy on the garlic and there were just chunks of minced garlic in every bite, and the sauce was distributed pretty unevenly. We left with that uncomfortable "garlic breath" flavor in our mouth that stayed pretty much all day.Finally some good Korean fried chicken in Chinatown! I tried the 10 pieces honey garlic chicken wings for $12.95. The wings were tap-tap crunchy on the outside and moist inside. Every bite had just the right amount of honey garlic flavor. My only complaint would be that for $1.50 you don't get enough pickled radish and they are cut unevenly. Also, I wish they had more sides than fries and pickles. Overall I thought the chicken was delicious and I am definitely going to be a regular here!Never had anything like this and it was amazing! We tried each and every sauce. The cheesling is AMAZING! It's a powdered cheese, not a sauce cheese. It's melt in your mouth good. I also loved the spicy sweet sauce. The radishes were delicious. 
Every tea we tried was great. The iced grapefruit tea is awesome and super refreshing! 
Restaurant is super clean and new and fun! 
People below complained about the wait. I'm not sure why. Everything is fried to order. It's not "supposed to be quick" like a reviewer said below. I mean, look at the menu's disclaimer.I tried this place for the 1st time yesterday and it was delicious. I ordered the 10 piece wings with honey garlic sauce and it was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The quality of the meat was good and the packaging for the  Wings was convenient. The only thing that sucks is that you can't mix 2 different flavored  Wings unless you order 20 wings or more. I would have liked to try 2 different flavors for 10 wings. Oh since everything is made fresh be expected to wait at least 15-20 minutes minimum for your food even if it isn't crowded but the quality is worth it. Would change this to 5 stars if they allowed 2 flavors for 10 wings.My go to is usually Soho for my wings and bonchon is decent as well but I would definitely order from bbq. Olive oil, healthier? And crispy half hour later! Saucy and spicy. Love it! My favorite go to tea is their passionfruit lime and grapefruit. But their cheesefoam drinks nare tasty too.  Only gripe is that it's a bit of wait for the chickens, but then, you know its freshly made.Chicken wings were bomb. Got soy garlic and honey garlic-- both tasted the same. Nice crunch and piping hot. The radishes were cut too small. Tables were dirty and wobbly. Bathroom soap was not soap it was just blue colored water. We asked for cups of water and they said their filter was broken. $2 for water bottles but $5 credit card minimum. Lol ok byeeeeeSeriously the chicken is wayyyyy better than bonchon! The chicken is so tender and juicy, also they have more options for the sauces. Really recommended!Move over Bonchon because bbq chicken is bringing that awesome crispy fried chicken in more flavors. My first trip here to try them out left me with cravings I didnt expect. The boneless chicken in the cheeseling flavor was new to me but surprisingly good and those honey garlic wings are excellent. I also tried out the cheese blueberry fruit tea and that was delightful almost like a bluberry ice tea cream cheese milkshake if that makes any sense. If not, I recommend trying it for yourselves.Gonna have to jump on the band wagon and agree that this place's chicken is better than Bonchon. They have a variety of sauces, and the chicken is fried to crispy crunchy perfection. The battering is a little thicker than some KFC batter, but it makes for a crispier outer layer without sacrificing all the juicy meat on the inside. This is more of a grab and go kind of place, so if you're looking for ambience and a place to chill, you might wanna stick with Bonchon. One star deduction because the radish pieces are small :-( I LOVE the radish that comes with Korean chicken so that was kinda disappointing for me. Otherwise, I think the flavors and texture is on point! Also, it feels cleaner since its fried in olive oil. You can really taste the difference!With all the reviews comparing this place to Bonchon and raving about its superiority, I had to give this place a try. Yet, I did not come to the same conclusions as the prior reviewers did. I found bonchon to be by far the superior Korean fried chicken place. I thought the chicken for this place is fresh, but the breading was overly thick. Whereas, I found bonchon's sauce to be finger licking good, this place paled in comparison. The sauce was not evenly coated and was quite bland in my opinion (I got the red hot garlic and hot spicy). Also, bonchon's wings orders comes with the cubed pickled daikon, but you will have to pay at this place for it. Next time I'm craving Korean fried chicken, I'm heading to bonchon.Possibly the best fried chicken I have ever eaten and I loved that I could choose boneless. We enjoyed playing Jenga at our table while we waited for the chicken!I ordered Boneless chicken in large with two flavors spicy and honey garlic. I was pleasantly surprised that they offer many different flavors compared to Bonchon. The boneless chicken is dark meat and juicy and flavorful. I prefer honey garlic over Bonchon's soy garlic which can taste too overpowering for me. This place is also a bubble tea shop. Service is fast. Would pick this location over Bonchom for boneless chicken in a heartbeat.Went in to try every flavor basically. The young woman working the cashier when I came was very accommodating! It is a smaller place compared to Bonchon and she let me re-arrange the tables to seat my group of 9 or so. 
The tea that they also advertise is currently in the works, so as of now the joint is BYOB which is great since you can just bring some bubble tea over from next door.
As for the chicken, it is classic home style Korean Fried Chicken in my opinion. Not like the thin shattering skin from Soho or Bonchon, but I prefer this style. The chicken is delicious, hot, crunchy, and juicy C:
As a warning, the spicy sauces were VERY spicy for my tastes. My mouth was on fire from the Red Hot. Personally I enjoyed the honey garlic sauce the most since I love sweet things. The sauces in general though could be better, but I'm spoiled by the delicious fried food that the smaller Korean restaurants in Cheltenham serve. If I'm downtown, I'd make this my go-to Korean Fried Chicken joint.I was excited to find out that the korean fried chicken place opened in chinatown. Finally!
We ordered 20 pcs bone-in half and half secret spicy and original. The order took  a long time to be ready. The to go box has ventilation holes so the chicken doesn't get soggy on the way home which is a nice touch. The chicken comes with pickle radish which wasn't as potent as I like it. Chicken itself is okay. The chicken wasn't covered with sauce thoroughly and the batter was too thick for my liking. I'm not a big bonchon fan and would pick bb-q chicken over bonchon, but it's nothing to get excited about. 
The location is really convenient. Okay price. Decent food. Okay service.Really good chicken here. You get the smell from the box while opening it...makes you want to tear it down instantly. The daikon radish helps balance out the spicy chicken if you get one. 
Try the cheese foam strawberry shake its tasty. Definitely sounds weird because the cheese foam but its yummy.Bb- chicken seems like a chain called Olive Chicken. Their chicken is a great addition to the cuisines in Chinatown. The chicken is pretty tender and juicy. Next to my other favorite Korean fried chicken spot, this place is a close second. My friend and I got the soy garlic, spicy, and cheesling flavors. The soy garlic is pretty good and standard from other flavors. The spicy one can stack up easily. After a few wings it got a little much for us, so get it if you enjoy spice. The cheesling flavor is a new contender. There isn't place that serves a similar flavor near Chinatown. It does feel a little processed tasting but throw health in the wind cause this is fried chicken. You shouldn't care too much with it.
The prices and service was pretty average and standard. They do offer gloves, while you'll need, because the meal can get messy. The atmosphere is okay, not much to mention. Overall, I plan to stop by again. Chicken chicken chicken.  
Overall: 4 (Rounded) 
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3Finally decided to stop in for dinner.First impression, love the decor and the music is pretty cool.  The menu is very small. Chicken sandwich( ordered but didn't eat it)bone/boneless wings(boneless wings look like they are made with thigh meat)deff not chicken breast. Fries, not the crinkle fries like pictured from other reviews. Few flavors for the sauces. I had the honey garlic. It was good! Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy the different flavors so that's a plus. Chicken is CRISPYLove their chicken!  my favorite is the spicy one.. It tastes similar to cafe soho, and It's close by. Satisfied my Korean chicken cravings.The food was delivered hot in a great little container. I only ordered the 6 piece boneless chicken with fries and a drink for 9.95.. guess what? Min delivery charge is 10 bucks! So I added pickled radishes ( which I did not receive) oh well maybe next time, because the chicken was fantastic! The sauce was perfect... and I actually shared it because believe it or not 6 pieces was a lot. The chicken pieces are a nice size.Their fried chicken is excellent. Very crispy with lots of sauce and very big pieces. Service is pretty slow but worth it just for the wings to be freshly fried.Bonchon watch out! This place is definitely competition. My friend and I shared a 20 piece half honey garlic half hot spicy (~$22?). The honey garlic was honestly to die for - the garlic flavor was strong but not overwhelming, and the honey was just the right bit of sweetness. The hot spicy wasn't actually that spicy (I didn't drink any water at all during the meal) but it had a little kick and was mouthwatering all the same! The skin on Korean fried chicken is usually super crispy and satisfying, but the skin here was even more crispy and thick than I thought possible. A small touch that made a huge difference in my eyes was that they provided plastic gloves so your hands are completely mess-free! This makes the perfect late night binge spot.good wings! all that was missing was a beer in my hand!
and skip the fries-- you don't need it!
should visit at least once but hide your expectations and your disappointment for that missing beer~SUPER DELICIOUS NICE CRUNCH ON THE OUTSIDE JUICY TENDER FRESH CHICKEN.This place was recommended to me and my husband was not disappointed.Cozy eatery not much sides but who cares if the Chicken is the Star of the show.Bb- chicken seems like a chain called Olive Chicken. Their chicken is a great addition to the cuisines in Chinatown. The chicken is pretty tender and juicy. Next to my other favorite Korean fried chicken spot, this place is a close second. My friend and I got the soy garlic, spicy, and cheesling flavors. The soy garlic is pretty good and standard from other flavors. The spicy one can stack up easily. After a few wings it got a little much for us, so get it if you enjoy spice. The cheesling flavor is a new contender. There isn't place that serves a similar flavor near Chinatown. It does feel a little processed tasting but throw health in the wind cause this is fried chicken. You shouldn't care too much with it.
The prices and service was pretty average and standard. They do offer gloves, while you'll need, because the meal can get messy. The atmosphere is okay, not much to mention. Overall, I plan to stop by again. Chicken chicken chicken.  
Overall: 4 (Rounded) 
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3Ok. I must be somewhat influenced by advertising because this is the second Korean Fried Chicken place I've come to because of a blurb in the Inquirer.  I even posted a picture of the writing in the photo section.  And since I'm all about checking out new places, I took the 10 or so block walk to come to bb-q chicken.  Gotta say that fresh, made-to-order fried chicken is so much better than picking it up on a heater stand at the grocery store!
I posted pictures of the menu.  You can get drumsticks, fingers, or wings in sets of 10 or 20.  They also have a 6-piece finger with a soda and fries or a chicken sandwich meal. Sides are sweet potato fries (+$1), French fries, and pickled radish.  The sauce choices are original, Secret Spicy (1 hot pepper), hot spicy (3 hot pepper), soy garlic, Gang-Jeong (1 hot pepper), red hot garlic (3 hot pepper), and cheesling (powdered cheese).  You can only do a 1/2 and 1/2 on a large order which I found out while ordering even though it's printed in the menu.
I got an "original" 10-piece finger.  It is fried in olive oil, and tasted so good. Nice and light, not too much breading, crunchy, and not overly greasy.  Although I think I could go all day with them, I was not able to finish all 10.  The rest will be good for a salad topping or I'll see how they reheat.  The restaurant gave me a pickled radish side gratis and it was great to dunk the fingers in the sweet and savory liquid.  The radishes were wonderfully crunchy and a nice palate cleanser between fingers.
Took about 15 minutes to wait for my 10-piece, and I wish I was able to do a 1/2 and 1/2 on a small size order.  I really wanted to try one of the hot sauces - one of the single pepper and not the triple banger!  I'll have to make a return trip when I'm in the mood.
bb-q chicken stands for "Best of the Best Quality."  It really was some damn good chicken.  
$12.65 for 10-piece chicken fingers, and a gratis pickled radish side which I recommend.Excellent fried chicken and friendly staff. It's kinda small inside but comfortable . I live across the street so it's very convenient.I ordered chicken for grad students party last night and seemed like everyone was satisfied with it. Keep in mind that hot spicy is really spicy lol  but other than that it was very goodStopped in for just the drinks and we were blown away by the drinks!! Walked by many times and decided to try out after dinner we had around the corner. Glad we walked in and tried it out. 
We had the Kiwi & Grapefruit drink. There was real fruit used and the sizes were huge! 
Next time we plan to try out the Chicken which has some raving reviews. Would highly recommend this place for Cold Fruit/Bubble Drinks!I was actually pretty decently impressed with this place! My friends were hoping for some special type of Korean Fried Chicken (we didn't find that kind) but ended up with the spiciest chicken I have ever had in my life oh my goodness gracious. I am not kidding. Water will not save you. Milk will not save you. If you're into spicy foods and want some sort of challenge, this place is the move.
In terms of taste, it takes a decent level of taste for me to be actively enduring the death of 1000 suns on my tongue and still want to eat more just because of the underlying taste of the chicken. I'm impressed. The food took a couple minutes to come out but it was worth it!
My only gripe with this food joint is that I feel like they should offer smaller sizes in case people just want a snack! If memory serves the chicken that is in my picture (the ten piece) is the smallest that they have, which is insane -- we came on a weekend night hoping just to try the food but ended up with a whole meal.
Overall would recommend!Quality of chicken: 4/5; usually excellent but occasionally you'd feel something is wrong w your stomach after lol
Staff working there: 3/5; some are pretty stingyHeard about this place from my fiancé's coworkers. We ordered take out. Upon arrival you can clearly see the sign and they have a night light that shines their logo onto the the sidewalk. It's like the bat signal for korean fried chicken cravers. 
We got a large 1/2 soy garlic and 1/2 spicy hot chili   and a large rose milk tea. The wings were HUGE!!! And stayed extra crispy under the sauce as well as withheld their crispiness the 40min drive back to home. I'm a huge fan of the other franchise but I have to say I might prefer these wings!!! That extra crunch is totally worth it. The price is a bit cheaper than the other. 20 wings came out to $24 & change with tax. My rose milk tea was ok, I felt like it was a bit too watered down I like a strong tea but it was still enjoyable. 
Inside was very clean, with two beautiful murals on each side of the narrow building. We will definitely be returning for much more take out and I'm excited to bring friends here. Waitress was very friendly. 
Food: only had the wings 5/5
Atmosphere: a night tight Inside but they have games 4/5
Price: 4/5 a bit cheaper than BC but I just realized that the wings are missing the tip(my fav part)
Service: 5/5definitely my go to place for fried chicken. i usually order online from grubhub, but this time i decided to actually go into the store. it was a hybrid to a tea pleace, tsaocca. it was cozy, limited seating, but it still had a pretty chill vibe. their boneless wings aren't bad, but the money maker is on the traditional secret sauce wings. the sandwich was also decent, but i'll place my bet on the wings any day.Just like what other helpers mentioned, the chicken are delicious and how long it takes to cook does varies each time. I ordered 10 pc cheese boneless and 10 pc soy garlic regular, both were juicy and excellent. Oddly, the regular bubble tea from here was my favorite haha.Best wings in Philly. Just give them at least a half hour before pickup but it's well worth it.I love this place! The chickens are always freshly made and they're really crispy and juicy.i loved coming here for chicken because I missed korean chicken so much, especially since it is so hard to find it in Philly! However, one complaint i would have is that the chicken quality is not the best. When eating it, the chicken had somewhat of a "plastic" taste to it that made me not want to eat it as much. Moreover, there were some areas of the chicken that weren't fully cooked because I saw the blood and red meat. The chicken legs were very meaty which is a big plus, and people tell me how good this place so maybe my friend and I got a bad batch. If only the meat was fully cooked and didn't have that plastic taste to it, i would've enjoyed it so much. I may go again to try out the cheesling but I am not quite sure. Good if you do want to try out korean chicken!Better than Popeyes. I ain't never had chicken like this before in my life. Definitely coming back Monday-fridayThis is my favorite place to get bubble tea in china town. I've tried them all and find myself continually coming back to this place. The tea is rich and flavorful. My favorite is the peach milk tea. All the milk teas taste really good, but the peach is the best imo. 
While continually coming here, I would often see people munching on the chicken. I thought this was primarily a bubble tea spot so i finally gave it a try yesterday. 10 - piece soy garlic and it was really good. These are done korean fried chicken style, i believe they are double fried so super crisp. It was really good ,but towards the end it started to taste a bit on the salty side. I would definitely come back again though. Better than some of the korean fried chicken i've had at bon chon and elsewhere.I went on Saturday night around 9 and it's not crowd. Put an order for 2 kinds of 10 pieces wings. And try their drink, i forget the name. Something with matcha. They gave me the drink after 5 minutes which is okay.
I forgot to tell them whether i want cold or hot. They gave me a cute plastic glass that looks for hot drink, but the drink is cold. With no ice. It's kinda weird combination for me, because the drink itself become not cold and not hot. The taste is so so, almost in the way that i don't really like. The matcha taste is really really mild. And i got confuse how to drink the jelly without a straw. However i finished my drinks but my wings didn't came up yet. And it's almost 30 minutes and my battery was dying.
I went to the cashier to ask. Unfortunately she didn't friendly at all. Maybe because it was 9? She asked what is my order number. Then she checked to the kitchen. And viola! She came back with the chicken. Errrr soo??? The chicken was there all that long??? However she didn't say anything to me and just hand over my wings.
The good side, the wings taste yummy! Especially the spicy one. I forget the name. I order soy sauce, it taste good on that night. But when i ate the leftover the next day, there was some taste that a bit off to me. Can't tell what it was. So i throw away. However i still give 4 stars just because of the spicy wings that manage to be juicy and crispy when i ate it at home with my beer!! Will i come back?? Maybe!1st time ordering from here ITS AMAZING!! From the box presentation to the wonderful smell of food down to the taste of the food! Highly recommend glad I took the time to give them a shot. Perfect for game day. Will be ordering these every eagles game ;)Very disappointing. Wings were so tiny, flavor was blah. Doesnt have rice. Does not give out water. This place was a lot better a few months ago.. probably changed management. Dont waste your money hereI have been there for many times, where a place to met with my friend to have a cup of drink. When I go there , I always order the same one.
One day, I went there without eating my lunch, so I try the chicken. The secret spicy chicken was so good.  
Give them a 5 stars because they worth it.The chicken here is crispy and delicious. I think they are a little bigger than the ones at bonchon. They also have more flavor options. I only tried the special spicy and it was pretty good. I usually eat mild/medium and it was perfect spiciness for me. Their fries are not the greatest, but i came for the chicken. They have some games for you to play if you come with friends too.I am a little confused by this new chicken shack on Race Street in Philly Chinatown. 
Yes. It is cool the way it is an up the stairs second story shop. Its utilitarian set up with basic tables and chairs with little comfort shouts that this is a fast food joint that doesn't invite hanging around, although the wings are prepped as ordered and take 20 minutes to come out of the fryer. I am okay with all that. Yet, although called, "bbq chicken," all lower case, in fact there is no BBQ chicken there. It is all Korean-type double fried chicken wings and cold drinks, bubble teas, smoothies, etc. The wall menu has about 50 drink options, yet just 7 flavor finishes for their wings. Bird choices are wings, boneless wings or chicken sandwich. If I didn't know better, I'd think this was really another over saturated bubble tea house offering wings on the side (By comparison, Vivi around the corner is all about interesting drinks, and offers deep fried wings as a nosh, for a lot less money.).
Go figure.
What about the wings? Well, they were crispy enough, and the soy garlic and secret spicy sauces were pretty good. As others have said, the secret in the spicy was that it was more sweet than hot, although there was some warmth behind the sugar. I liked the soy garlic better, but as I slowed down after the initial rush to dive into them, I began to taste the underlying oil they were cooked in. Not so nice. 
Soho has nothing to worry about from understated lower case 'bbq chicken'. It needs to decide what it really is and let everyone know.My go-to place for fried chicken in Chinatown! 1,0000% better, crispier, and tastier fried chicken than Bon Chon. Juicy, fresh, and made to order! 
So why the 3 stars? Service is bleh. Sometimes the chicken takes 20 minutes, and sometimes it takes 50, with no rhyme or reason. I know they're making it fresh so it takes a while (usually about 25 minutes), but sometimes, even when the store is dead empty and no one is coming in for take-out or pick-up, it'll take almost an hour! I think the cook just disappears sometimes. 
As for the drinks, the fruit teas are great, but their milk teas and cheese foam drinks are average. I don't typically like ordering their drinks here, but unfortunately, this establishment is greedy and doesn't offer free tap water.They have so many different drinks and making me so hard to choose. I chose the caramel bubble milk tea with dark brown sugar. It delicious. I will definitely go to this store again. 
5 stars for everything. 15 mins is worth it! They fry the chicken right after the order. I am not complaining at all. It perfects. 
Their chickens are one of the best thing I have ever tasted. The honey garlic sauce and the secret spicy are fantastic. They give out the radish to reduce the hot for the spicy.The bubble tea is good here, and the drinks are all I have ever had so I can't say anything about the chicken. I am a bit partial because I love a cheese foam cap and only a few places have it.  The boba has a slightly lighter color but tastes the same.  It is refreshing and Iike how you can control the amount of sugar.  The space is also large and quiet, and I have never had to wait.Once you walk into this place, it looks very cozy. Tables could be clean more often. But overall the chicken was delicious. 20 boneless pieces for $23 is kind of expensive. But I would totally recommend going with friends once in a while.The drinks and food are both amazing, but it just takes a while. I usually order the honey garlic wings which taste amazing, the soy garlic and the honey garlic taste pretty similar to me, I really can't tell the difference. If you don't mind waiting 20 minutes for food it's a nice place to hang out. I think I prefer this place more than Bonchon because the flavor of the wings are almost always consistent meanwhile sometimes Bonchon's are a bit too salty. One con of this place is that the workers can come off rude at times, and the food/ drinks take a while.I do a lot of yelp research and this place came up one day. I LOOOOVE Korean fried chicken so I deff needed to try this. The chicken in Korea is very crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. This has a rating of 10/ 10 for its flavorful flavors and crispiness. The inside has lots of chairs and the menu is very easy to read. I wish they offered beer and other beverages but other than that it's greatChicken was nice and moist compared to the Bonchon across the street. Breading isn't too thick and the flavors were normal. Would recommend over bonchon just because I prefer moist chicken over dryer ones at Bonchon. In case some people curious, the environment here is a sit and chill cafe style, while Bonchon is more of a sake bomb with EDM Kpop blasting vibe. There's a time and place for each one.The chicken is 2/5 but the drinks are 4/5. I hesitated to try since many bad reviews since they were first opened but recently, my friends said it has gotten much much better and it taste better than other spots in Philly.. so I went and got my hopes crushed. The crispness was definitely different and better than other local spots but the flavor was just not there yet, at least for me. This could be because they have different chefs on different days but it should be consistent.. will not be back again any time soon for these chicken (soy garlic, secret spice, and definitely not the olive chicken). The olive chicken was so bland and all I tasted but bare oil. I was looking for an olive chicken spot locally since a place far away serves them so well, but was very disappointed at this spot. 
I will definitely be back for their drinks! You could actually taste the tea flavors! The original amount of sugar was perfect, if you choose any less, it might taste like water (alert!)I was here, for the first and last time, about 2 weeks ago (5/29). I have thought long and hard and agonized about writing this review.   I am a small business owner and realize that feedback is very important so I am unhappy to post a bad review which could harm a business.  Posting a poor review should be a second (not first) step.  I prefer to contact a business via email or phone first so that they have an opportunity to hear about my experience with them which gives them a chance to mediate or explain.  Unfortunately this company's website is not an English based site so finding an email is difficult (if not impossible).   I understand and fully support cultural diversity but since they are doing business within the USA there should be a language option.  Now that my motivation is clear here is my review - 
I entered the restaurant with only about a 1/2 hour to eat and then had to leave for an appointment.  The restaurant had very few patrons and was, essentially, mostly empty.   The young lady behind the counter was courteous but less interested in taking care of a customer than she was with what was on her cell phone.  At 4:14 pm I ordered a small chicken meal, paid, and was told to wait.  I waited patiently for more than 20 min with no indication that my order was ready (or even being prepared).   During this time there was one pickup of an order that was either phoned in or ordered via an app.  I say this because the excessive time to prepare and complete my order wasn't caused by high volume.   Through the parted curtains leading to the kitchen I saw several guys talking and joking but didn't see them preparing any product.  After I waited patiently for almost a 1/2 hour I inquired about my order.  The counter person went into the kitchen, asked a few questions, then came out and told me it would be about 10 minutes more. I got the feeling that her talk with the kitchen staff was basically that they'd not even put my order in yet.   I told her to make the order to go because I couldn't wait any longer and that I was rather upset.   It took another 10 minutes for my order to come out and I told her to put it into a container... which she did... I was handed my meal with no apologies... and I left.   To be fair, the product was good.  It was hot, crispy and tasty, however, almost an hour for 6 pieces of fried chicken in a business that isn't incredibly busy is utterly ridiculous. I am a regular at many of the Chinatown establishments but can't recommend this one and I will NOT return.Very, very disappointing. I ordered 10pcs boneless chicken, gangjeong flavor, all I got was just so dry and tough and dry chicken with almost no sauce on it. Chicken meat and breading was terribly tough, got pain in my jaw to chew, feels like they fried the chicken probably two days ago and re-fried it tonight. Will never return again.This rating is just for the tea and not for the food. I tried the colorful tea and it was really good. It was a mixed with a lot of fruits. Will be back to try more drinks.I've had both bubble tea from Tsaocaa (the Sakura flavor) and BBQ chicken.  I had the chicken first a long time ago, and unfortunately wasn't able to snap a photo.  The chicken is really good - really crispy, full of flavor, and super satisfying.  The only thing was that when I went, I do remember it took waaayy longer than it should have.  I ordered it as take out, and I waited around for at least half an hour.  They weren't busier than any other place would have been normally on the day I went, so it was a bit offputting.
As for the drink - I did enjoy it overall.  The cup is super cute and the packaging of their bubble tea is unique and convenient.  I would like to come back and try their other flavors, as the menu is interesting and extensive.  Overall though, not sure if I was totally in love with what I got.  The flavor was really good at first, a little herby and sweet and weirdly did match in my mind what I think sakura would taste like.  However, after sipping at it for a while it started to taste a littleee too grassy / like a freshly mowed lawn.  The boba was soft though.  Not my fave bubble tea in Chinatown, but again I do really want to come back to try other menu options.  The wait time for my drink was also a little on the long side - this time around, my partner and I were the only people there so that was a bit annoying.  Overall though, I do like the drink and food offering here, and the interior is cute and relaxing.I get the chicken here pretty often when I come to Philly. It's probably my favorite place to go to right now even though the place can be a hit or miss sometimes with the chicken. I still come back though because when it's a hit, it's one of the tastier chicken wings I tried. 
When it comes to wings, bone in or boneless, it's all about the sauce and how crispy it is for me. The wings here are very crispy which I really enjoy. The sauces are good too when they give you enough. There was a time I came where the boneless wings were so dry and had barely any sauce on it! That was my most disappointed time :(
But I came back to try them again, and it was good this time. It was hot, the wings were sauced, and it was super crunchy. YUUUM. The only downside is that some of the sauce is only available on the boneless and not on the bone-in wings (Gang-Jeong Sauce and Cheesling for boneless wings only).
I think out of all the times that I have tried the chicken here, I would recommend getting the wings over the boneless. The times I've had the boneless were kinda disappointing... although it was still crunchy, it wasn't as crunchy as the wings.Awesome I like this place so much one of my favorite Korean yang yum chickens in all of east coast !!! Great stuff guys . The interior needs to be redone but food it self is excellentLove the seasoning they put into the chicken! I'm not a big fan of crispy batter but this place actually changed me! Love the cheesling (?) flavor as well as the other ones. My husband and brother love their honey soy boneless chicken too! This place is the 2nd place in my fav chicken wings/boneless list after Soho Cafe! I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone. 
p/s: wait time is a pain tho, so I always call ahead to pick up.If I were just reviewing the Tsaocaa bubble tea, I would give this place 5 stars - the drinks are well-made with plenty of different options from fruit drinks to milk teas, and there's plenty of room for personalization (toppings, sugar, ice), plus the cups are just cute! I was in the mood for something fruity and summery so I got the watermelon green tea with nata jelly - so fresh and the flavor shines through. 
We also ordered the 'bbq' boneless chicken - half soy ginger and half secret spicy. Honestly I was disappointed - I think the breading is just on the soggy side and gives the chicken a somewhat off flavor. Definitely found the chicken here lacking in comparison to the nearby Bonchon kfc. 
Overall, come for the bubble tea, not the chicken! (And be prepared to wait, since there aren't enough employees to keep up with all the orders and keeping the place tidy.)Chicken still tastes good, and sizes still haven't changed. But they really, really low-balled me with the spice today. I was hoping to have some really spicy chicken for my friends who are from out of town, so I went in and literally said that I'd like the spiciest chicken on the menu, and they didn't perform. I've had buffalo wings that get the job done better than this. I know they can do better because I've been there, and I'm not sure why they didn't come to play this time around, but ngl I'm pretty disappointedBetter than I expected. The chicken tasted so fresh  and the drumsticks were a good size. Will be coming back soon!1 star for the generous amount of sauce they gave unlike the fried chicken joint next door.
However, like some other Yelpers said, the chicken looked and tasted uncooked. Personally, my husband and I felt the meat lacked of seasoning. It felt like they just fried the boneless and drumsticks, then drizzled the sauce on top and serve. The fries that came with the combo also lacked seasoning and very dry. 
We saw from their TV screen menu: the combo menu of $9.95 includes boneless chicken, fries (sweet potato $1 extra), and soda. On the bottom, it said if we substituted soda with tea, there will be $1 off of the combo price. So I opted for tea instead of soda, and the cashier added jasmine milk tea to my order and charged $2.65 on top of the base price $9.95! Their jasmine milk tea is also bland and barely had any jasmine smell to it.
We will not be back.YUMMY Chicken :)  Had the 10 wings secret spicy crispy skin and soft and moist  on the inside. Also had the strawberry and mango cheese tea OMG  so good my addictionSkip the chicken, come for the drinks. 
Tsaocaa and BBQ chicken are both two huge chains. I enjoy tsaocaa's boba since you can actually taste the tea in their drinks in comparison to kung fu which uses way to much milk and it's less sugary than tea do. As for BBQ chicken, I always see it in kdramas so I was excited to try it out in person. 
While BBQ chicken is more crispy and the chicken tastes more fresh than bonchon's...it really lacks flavor? Like the olive chicken tastes like oil. Which was a given but the other flavors tasted just like the plain olive. 
The boba is consistent to the other tsaocaa chains scattered throughout the city. I come here quite often since it's less crowded than the more popular boba shops in Chinatown. It's not bad boba! I think it's the location that makes it less popular (more towards the back corner of chinatown whereas others are in the middle). I can actually hear my friends talk when we have conversations. A major plus. 
If it's your first time- I'll recommend the ruby milk black tea. Last time I went, my friend and I got the cocoa milk (because we wanted chocolate milk), king milk tea, and matcha milk. Matcha milk tasted like milk not so much matcha. I wouldn't recommend that. But most other drinks are fine!Not bad but room to improve. 
Saw that this new place replaced the former Taiwanese chicken spot. The layout is basically the same with just a few additional aesthetic changes. 
The menu is still a work in progress as of March 17, 2018. Specialty tea drinks will be served soon. The main draw is the fried chicken. 
The fried chicken is supposed to be Korean fried (twice fried then sauced). FYI, like Bonchon, the proprietors are Chinese, not Korean. 
I will say they are first establishment to serve olive oil fried chicken in Philadelphia. I opted for 10 wings with secret spicy. I wasn't sure if you were allowed to do half half flavor... The menu said it was an option for large orders. My mistake for not asking. 
They fry to order, so expect to wait at least 15-20 minutes. So be patient. Hint, anytime your wings comes out faster than 15 minutes, your wings were pre fried or sitting under a lamp. Another sign of frying to order is the juiciness of the wings. 
Yes, this place served pretty juicy wings. The wing sizes were good too... Not the oversized steroid wings and not the tiny dry ones. The breading was fairly even but not as perfect as bonchons. The sauce was drizzled on and not brushed on which made eating the wings challenging if you wanted sauce on every bite. 
Secret spicy was kinda like Asian sweet chilli sauce. Not bad but definitely lacked "spicy" flavor. Ordered a side of pickled radish which were good, but diced kinda small. They charge $1.50. 
Overall I did like the wings. If they offer half half sauce on orders of 10 wings, definitely go for that. Eating the same sauce for 10 wings got boring. 
Will come back to try other sauces and their new tea and dessert options.Super good fried chicken, especially as a midnight snack!! I was order it over and over again. Can't say no to this fried chicken!Solid KFC spot. Personally, I like this place better than the other spots in Chinatown. The flavor is better and chicken is juicier. The wait time is similar since KFC takes time to fry. 
It's definitely more lowkey since it's more of a grab & go spot since there are no servers. There are seats for dine-in but it's definitely not a place where you're attended too. You pay for it, you get your food and you pick a place to sit.I am confused as to whether this is still the original bbq.chicken restaurant. We spent $50 here at "bbq.chicken" to end up being disappointed. Wings were the size of my thumb and the flavoring is not the same as what it was a month ago or at other bbq chicken locations.... I highly recommended you spend your money somewhere else.Overall Value: Solid Korean Fried Chicken and Bubble Tea that is priced at about what we expected.  This ranks way better than Bonchon, but just a bit below Crunchik'n. We will return!
The Food: we got 20 wings ($22.50) split between Hot Spicy and soy garlic (they let you split the wings into two flavors for free), an order of fries ($4), and a large milk jasmine bubble tea ($4.35). The wings were big, juicy, and crispy. Both flavors of wings were great and complimented the other well. The hot spicy, which is the hotter of their two spicy sauces, had a really good amount of heat to it. The soy garlic was great too for what I've come to regard as the standard Korean Fried chicken flavor. The only downside was that both flavors of wings had a bit of a weird aftertaste to them - not super noticeable, but just a bit off. Overall very good chicken though. The fries were just fine - nothing to write home about, but a fine side dish to the meal although slightly small for $4. The bubble tea was also very solid with a lot of tapioca.  I think my wife and I finished 16 of the 20 wings and took the rest to go (and killed the fries) and we were pretty stuffed.  So a pretty good value Friday night meal, with a little leftover for the next day. Now that I've sampled the baseline of chicken flavors, I would be interested in trying a few of their other flavors.
Space and Pace: we got there about 8pm on a Friday, and there was plenty of room - but then it filled up about 20 minutes later. I think we just got lucky and there was a random lull. It seems to be a very popular spot to eat at in Chinatown before/during/or after bar hopping. The chicken is all made to order so it takes about 20 minutes (don't come starving!). The tables I noticed were all a bit dirty from other people eating there earlier, so we gave it a quick wipe down with napkins before sitting - kind of similar to some fast food joints in that respect. Not a ton of seating and like I said, it can get crowded. 
Service: cashier was friendly and patient, but you are just picking up your order from the counter and bussing your own table, so there isn't a whole lot of interaction.Yay for friends who take me to new fried chicken places for belated birthday celebrations, which led me to this newish spot in Chinatown! The fried chicken is crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside, and happily flavorful. Also, they provide nifty gloves to use while you eat your chicken - extra sanitation and you keep your hands nice and clean. One minor downside is that you have to pay a lil extra for side radishes and I wouldn't say that the service was particularly stellar. 
However, I enjoyed their boba drink selections, especially given the slim tall cups that they were served in (see pics). Visually, it looks just a tad classier than all their competing boba joints in the area. 
I don't generally feel like getting fried chicken very often, but when I do, this place definitely high on my list of options in Philadelphia!
PS. Anyone else think their wall painting looks like an Asian version of Ariel?Everything was good. Just the chicken was a little too salty for me, I guess. But had a great time there. Lot of great decisions. Satisfied but not over the top.I have always wanted to try Korean fried chicken for a while after hearing from some people outside and inside the internet that it was better than American fried chicken. A few hours ago just today, I decided to go with my sister and my cousins. We got a bit lost at first when finding it, but we eventually make it. When we came in, it was aesthetically pleasing with the contemporary modern neon sign and its minimalism (they were also playing BTS songs throughout lol). We took some time to look at the menu (though I kinda knew what to order from advanced research). My sister and I ordered and shared the 5 piece original golden olive drumsticks, my older cousin order that for himself, and two of my younger ones order the boneless wings (one soy garlic and one cheeslin). So here is my review. 
Pros
* Made fresh (came out piping hot)
* Tasted like fried chicken breaded in Tyson's or Wendy's chicken nugget breading, which was good.
* Staff were nice.
* There were board games! 
* The soy garlic and cheeslin (cheese) flavored ones were fire!
* A lot of varieties and options.
* Great interior and environment.
Cons
* Because it is made fresh, you have to wait 15-20 minutes for your food (they suggest ordering 25 minutes ahead).
* The fresh chicken, especially the drumsticks and handheld wings, can be too hot to eat (though it is not like something bad)
* It is a little expensive.
Overall, I would come again and try the different things.When they first opened, 5 stars hands down. But as time go by, I noticed their wings becoming smaller and smaller. The wings were so small, it def wasn't worth $1+ a piece. I usually order 20 wings for $25( I believe...over $20 for sure ) half soy garlic and half honey garlic. I am very disappointed with the quality. I used to go to bonchon, but because of the quality of their wings, I stopped going. When I heard they open up this place, I was so excited and was pleased in the beginning. I hope they improve the quality of their food because honestly I still
Prefer this place more. They offer more variety of sauces than bonchon. 3 stars despite the super tiny wings because they offer buy one get one drinks deal. Haven't tried their drinks, but this is a great deal so I will give it a shot.Sad to say that my experience this time was not good at all. I can understand not doing a sauce for 5 wings, but you can't order 20 wings with the same sauce??? That's ridiculous. My bf and I wanted to ordered 20 wings with secret spicy sauce, but for some reason they didn't allow it. We end up ordering 10 secret spicy and 10 honey garlic. 
Not only that, but this time around, the wings were hella small. It was like the size of two thumbs. Not sure what happened there, but I was disappointed. They skimp out on the sauce too! The sauce looked like it was meant for 5 wings. I think I'm done with this place for now. I kept coming back because the wings still very good sometimes, but I'm just very disappointed this time around. It's definitely a hit or miss. 
Oh yeah, they don't stamp your loyalty card if you order online. We got stamps the other times, but this time they said no. What.This is hands down the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. I've dined in, ordered from the store via Grubhub for both delivery and pick up, and the quality of the fried chicken is consistently phenomenal and customer service is polite and cordial. I am a hardcore wings fan (the meat falls off the bone!), but their boneless chicken bites are also delectable in soy garlic and honey garlic. The shop provides plastic gloves to contain the messiness and a well-stocked supply of ketchup packets for the crinkle cut fries. Boba tea is coming soon to this location in late February as well so look out for a one-stop shop!Want to give them 1 star but honestly the food(chicken) is not that bad so put one more star for them for that point. We spent more than half hour waiting for one order. Me and my husband walked to the counter (because we thought it was our order) and the lady asked what number we are, we answered and she said 'your order is not ready' with expressionless face -_-. Then when I got home, I found that they forgot my drink. Food and Drink are okay but service is pretty sick. Will go back for chicken but not sooner (probably again next year) and here will be only bubble tea place that we won't give tip even a penny.You have to try the Rose Milk Tea it's exceptional! The milk tea isn't overly sweet like the other places and tastes so fresh. Also, their cups are so cute! I've never had an issue with their Teas and I keep going back for more every time i'm in the area!