I ordered chicken wings, lamb and chicken kebab, so yummy, highly recommended if you enjoy barbecue.I just discovered this place recently and have been here three times already ever since. They are the closest to the orig flavors back home in china, and definitely make you homesick on this fall /winter weather in Philly. I really hope this place do well and last forever.5 star for the taste but 3 star for the service and speed.
Got here shortly after the opening, there were 4, or 5 people in store and that is about the maximum seating capacity. So we placed our order in for 5 lamb skewers and they told us it would be 20 minutes. So we decide to take a walk outside and come back for it. We came back in about 15 minutes and noticed more people in the store and of course it wasn't surprising that our order was not ready yet. So we decide to wait outside since it was too crowd inside. Then I saw people came in before us finished their meal and left, people came in after us started eating, people got their take outs. So I decide to go in and ask them when would my order be ready and why is people ordered after us can get their food before we did. She was very inpatient and impolite, this is what she told me, it takes time to grill, that customer felt hungry and just came grab the skewers, I am grilling in the order of order was received and etc. maybe somehow she thinks the reason she gave me was legit, but I find it hard to believe, by the time we got the skewers, it was a while after, I didn't time the wait but it was way longer than 20 minutes. Luckily, the skewer was very delicious. Maybe that is why they don't care about customer service at all. 
So in conclusion, I do recommend this place if you are in the area but maybe call ahead for the order and whatever wait time they tell you, times 2 for it. Do not expect any welcoming/loving service at all.Food was amazing! Definitely get the skewers. I got the lamb and the beef and I wish I had ordered more. Very good inexpensive hot pot too. My wallet was more than thankful I didn't bypass this hidden gem. I will surely be back again and again. This place is extremely affordable and the owners are incredibly sweet as well. Hope you enjoy as much as I did!
(Everything is a little spicy, including the 'mild' option. So let them know if you are averse to spice.)Skewers are crispy a bit oily but thats the beauty of it
Love the hot pots and the idea of selecting each ingredient
Mix n match your way to a medium or mild spicy hot pot. I am not a fan of anything too spicy! kills the flavor 
Lady there is friendly too 
Could be my daily spot for dinner in the winter to come :)Horribly overrated. I ordered just 3 stews and it took me over half an hour to wait. Finally the lamb stew came with just 4 small meat pieces.  When I sat there to wait, I saw a guy came and fast got his to go order ready in 5 minutes. So, don't come here to eat inside. It takes lots of time and not even worth it.This place was fantastic and the skewers were ridiculously tasty! My favorite meat skewer from them was the lamb shoulder and the rib eye beef skews. They were char grilled..and it took time to get our food, but boy it was worth the wait. If you never had amazing montou (Steam Buns) before I would start here! It was crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. I loved it! For a small place, there's not a lot of seating, but the owner / the cook was really passionate about his food and left me wanting to come back again! If you ever stop by Chinatown in Philly, be sure to get some hot delicious skewers from here before you check out :)Omg, best Chinese BBQ place forever. I love spicy food and the sauce they put on the food is sooo spicy!!! I am a huge fan of this restaurant. There is no seat to sit down, in summer it is very hot. I always order and pack them to go. It is alway busy and I have to wait for long time like 15 to 20 min, but it is still worthy!!!Best services in town. Best skewers in town. Highly highly recommended. Lamb was veg tender, Ma la tang 麻辣烫 will hit your craving. Go check it out, u won't regret it. 
Ps: food take awhile to make. Call in 20 mins earlier to order. Also the space is small, so take out is much betterBefore I found this place I used to settle for Solo, but this little gem definitely topped them. I usually order their beef, lamb, and fish tofu along with my hotpot bowls. All of the skewers are always perfectly cooked and juicy. Never disappointed. 
Been here multiple times and could never resist leaving without at least $30-$40 worth of goodies. Give it a try, you'll enjoy it.TT skewer is a hidden gem, hole-in-the-wall kind of place. Small, inexpensive, not fancy restaurant with delicious food. It isn't hard to find. It is only a block or two away from the heart of Chinatown.
You can sit and eat or order to take out. Only sits 5 to 6 people. 
I ordered the skewers (lamb, beef, fishball, and steamed bun). 
The meat was tender and delicious! The flavors were very authentic. One bite and it felt like I was transported back to Northeastern China. It has that black pepper/peppercorn flavor that I miss and love. You can select your own range of spiciness. More spicy it is, the more delicious it is!
The steamed bun was crispy on the outside but yet soft and chewy on the inside. Also, very flavorful.
Highly recommend. Would definitely return and try their other skewers and hot pot!Stumbled across this place and so glad I did. Had the lamb and beef skewers. Wow. The are fall-off-the-skewer tender and so flavorful! At these reasonable prices, I'll definitely be back.Great, authentic northern Chinese grilled skewers! If you've been to Beijing or other northern areas of China, you'd know the smell and taste of those cumin fragrant lamb skewers. This place delivers the flavors and taste of those same tasty street snacks. So glad I found this place! A tasty snack that you don't find too often outside of China. And the owners were extremely friendly too!Simply the best skewer place in Philly. Last time i went there, The chef is very nice and they pack & bag my order very carefully. The food is amazing too, try the squid, chicken wing and lambWhat it really comes down to is whether or not you like spicy food. The price of the skewers and even the hot pot bowl is great! We got the lamb and squid  skewer, which gave us a taste of some popular street food in China. Flavors were delicious and not to spicy! The Hot Pot bowl is really what I had a problem with. When I think of Hot Pot I think about the freedom to cook the ingredients your own way and to basically personalize it on the spot on your own. Here you choose what you want and they cook it for you, which is a interesting, but the ingredients we overcooked and a bit too soft and I did not like the ramen noodles, which were the instant noodle ones. Not a huge fan of the Hot Pot bowls and just from looking at the pictures and reviews most people just get the skewers so stick with the skewers!I really like this restaurant. My hot pot bowl with homemade sesame sauce even I am not such person can eat spicy food. You should try stumbled lamb, squid and chicken wings. They are what I ordered for every time I went there . Just go there and try, and you will love it !!!!!!As close to the Chinese night market taste as you can get in Philly! The kebabs here are char-grilled when you order, so it takes a few minutes, but they're served piping hot and packed full of flavor. I ordered a single lamb kebab with light spice. The lamb was hot & juicy, and had a strong char-grilled flavor. The quality of the meat was decent.
They also carry a small selection of teas and drinks.
The shop is small with only a few stools and hardly any standing room -- adding to the night market experience!Best skewers I've had in Chinatown, hands down! It's a hidden gem, tiny hole in the wall- so don't judge them based on looks or size! I have to come to this place at least once a week otherwise my cravings get the best of me (so be warned about the potential of being addicted!) 
They are owned by a young married couple that recently moved from Northern China to the USA. They bring an authentic bold N. China taste to their marinated meat skewers. Everything is seasoned to perfection! Just don't come expecting to eat a huge meal unless you're willing to pay $20+, it's more of a snacks place. 
MUST HAVE:
- lamb or prime rib skewer $2.75 (best seller)
- squid $5 (a whole one comes in a little box, best ever if you're a grilled squid fan!) 
BEWARE: their spicy level can be pretty intense, northern China has high tolerance to spicy-ness so i recommend trying mild or not spicy if you can't eat too spicy... Or you can challenge yourself to see if you can take the heat ;)Love this place!!!!! I had beef, lamb skewers and squid. Everything was tasty and flavorful. The owners were nice. It's a small place and not many seats available.TT Skewers goes beyond my expectations and makes some of the best Skewers I ever had. I have traveled through numerous Chinatowns and traveled through Northern and Western China. No other place has replicated Northern Chinese skewers as closely as TT Skewers in America. The tender meat of the Lamb skewers is deeply marinated with traditional Chinese spices and sauces and the squid  has the fresh and distinct chew and snap of high quality squid. The hotpot soups are also very good as well. The spiciness of the food is on the spicier side and it is pricy however it is well worth the cost. I wish I can go every day!Their chicken wings are amazing!!! A little bit pricy but worth it. One star off for wrong delivery...definitely need to double check with them!Known for their skewers, I had ordered beef and lamb variations. Definitely a great tasty, savory snack on the go. It's not a great restaurant to sit and eat at though there is a very limited seating area available. Although a tasty treat, it is pretty overpriced for a street food snack in chinatown.HIGHLY recommend! Actually this is my first comment on yelp, because I found I definitely should write one to recommend this place for everybody! The BEST lamb skewer I had so far!!! 
Also had hotpot with friends there today! The best thing to do in a cold day lol!!My husband and I love XinJiang lamb skewers, and for years, we have been tracking to Flushing to get them when ever we can. TT skewer is now our new favorite, and I must say, better than many in NYC! Just a week ago, we were in NYC and decided to try the best rated XinJiang skewer, located under the Manhattan bridge. Though the skewer was delicious, we took a huge risk of getting sick from the filthy looking hole in the wall (or rather hole under the bridge) 
TT skewer is nice and clean, and yet the food is just as delicious and patiently grilled to perfection. The friendly young couple is dedicated to bring you the best flavors from their hometown. That kind of dedication is what makes the place so good.Great food. Worth the trip.  Awesome prices. Authentic. The lamb melts in your mouth.Back in February, I spent time filling my stomach with street skewers from different parts of China.  Its an experience that we haven't really replicated here in Philly. City government wouldn't exactly allow nightly open markets of food prepared on outdoor equipment with questionable sanitation levels. Newcomer, TT Skewers, is trying to bring at least a bit of that to Philly.
Located on 9th Street in a teeny tiny space with only counters for sitting, TT Skewers is run by a very friendly couple from Northern China, the Liaoning province to be precise.
The menu has skewers and hotpot. Use a pen to check off what you want your meal to look like.
Lamb skewers ($2.75 each), slow cooked for hours and topped with cumin seed,  are the best seller here. The meat was very flavorful and soft enough that teeth were barely required. The pork and corn skewer was a sort of sweet mini hotdog. Chicken wings come with a similar blitz of spices. Heart and gizzard are on the menu if you care for a more organ-y experience.
I almost left without trying the hotpot, hotpot not being a favorite of mine, but I figured I needed to try what made up the other half of the menu. Pick the spice level for the broth and then pick your add-ins (with a $7 minimum and no charge for the broth). Inside our medium spicy broth, I picked sliced rib eye, egg noodles, bok choy, fried gluten (great at absorbing flavor), potato (sliced super thin), wood ear mushroom, and quail egg (a generous serving of 4 and nicely soft boiled, for an oozy surprise) for a grand total that was under $8.  You can also have sesame sauce added, which we did (the beige sludge in the middle).  I would replicate this exact order again. As opposed to a boring vessel to cook things, the hotpot broth packed a ton of flavor. In fact, Edward, the chef component of the couple, cooks beef bones for 12 hours and adds over 30 spices, including lots of fennel seed to give this broth the proper Northern China flavor. That sort of dedication is impressive. And it kept me slurping the broth, even though I thought I was full after finishing the skewers.It is truly an authentic Chinese skewer restaurant, in the sense that it may not taste good at all to people from different background other than Chinese :(True to its name, the skewers here are fantastic.
They are a bit more expensive than skewers from the carts elsewhere but then again because this is a store front, I'm going to assume the cleanliness factor would be amped up by a factor that I'm more than happy with paying as a result.  Having said that this is a store front, there aren't many spots to eat in and this isn't a place to bring a group.
I've had a couple of skewers here and really enjoy a few in particular, the lamb, beef and fish tofu are really great.  Both the lamb and the beef are really full of great heat and texture.  Both meats are super tender with a little bit fat for flavor.  The fish tofu has this delightful muted crispy texture (though not fried if that makes any sense).  I pretty much order the fish tofu each time because it's unique.  Finally the squid and chicken wings are pretty good as well.
Make sure if you cannot handle spicy to just order the mild because even the mild can have a serious kick here.  Really there's no shame in having it your way.  It sure beats having to douse some pretty heavy flames later.Excellent food, unbelievable value. 
Highlights were the lamb, gizzard, and buns!
Absolutely plan on coming here frequentlyAwesome little spot for some quick bites. Very low key. Comparable to a yakitori. Ordered the beef skewers and squid. Paleo/keto friendlyI had my family mini party here! Everyone in my family loves the Chinese BBQ, including my Italian boyfriend and his family ^0^ I am grateful for the sweet memory.
If you like BBQ, I highly recommend this place.This place has the most delicious chicken gizzards!!!!!!! It's a must try. 
The place is tiny with only a few stools, but food is so good. The cashier is friendly too.烤肉很不错，传统很正的中国烧烤味道。烤肉一串很大，份量也很足。推荐羊肉串，一块肉一块油，肉嫩也很香。麻辣烫的味道比较规矩，如果想念这一口的可以尝尝。价格稍高，总体上值得一吃！Lamb Skewer, chicken heart, and fish tofu are excellent.  The Hot Pot soup is spicy (though very tasty) even for the mild one.
Been there twice, and both times spent more than $20 as the prices can quickly add up.  The first time had the Hot Pot soup - and even for the mild spicy, it was quite spicy - and I wouldn't recommend to try for the regular spicy one unless you really into spicy food.  The chicken wing skewer only had two pieces and was over-priced - but the lamb skewers were particularly good especially for the price.
The second time had various non-spicy skewers.  In addition to the lamb skewers, I did also like the lamb kidney (though a bit expensive), chicken heart, fish tofu, and squid.  The squid was quite good and also the portion was quite decent as well. Even for the non-spicy version, they were very tasty and a bit spicy.
Overall - get the lamb skewer, chicken heart, and fish tofu which are both good in taste and value.  Have the hot pot soup if you like spicy food.  Do plan to come back for more visits in the future.It's a very traditional north Chinese food!!  Very recommended! It a Must go restaurants in Philadelphia chinatown.TT serves the best Chinese kabobs I've had in Chinatown thus far. I highly recommend ordering the lamb skewers and chicken wings. 
Keep in mind that the spice level is true to the Asian scale. If you have a problem with spicy food, the canned coconut drink is your best friend. 
Adventurous eaters should try the lamb kidney. It was juicier than other offal I've tried. My eating companion was not a fan though.
I was actually surprised by the bill. If you're trying to make this a substantial meal, expect to pay $15-20 -- a high price considering the ambiance and location.We were in town for the night and wanted something unique. This. Was. It. My friend is a total FOB (no offense to her or other FOBs lol) and she was amazed at how authentic and delicious this place is. I dont know what it was supposed to taste like but I was VERY impressed. Nothing like this can be found in LA, SD, LV, or SF. Just go try the Lamb Skewer (everything else was good, but those were unbelievably good). The couple that runs the place are super nice and sweet too, its a win-win for everyone! 
Oh, Cash Only.Delicious! Small shop with limited seating but delicious meat sticks. We grabbed lamb, beef and sausage and opted for the medium spice. Any hotter and the meat wouldn't have been enjoyable but the spice wasn't just hot but rather full of flavor. 5/5If you know me personally you'd know that Oriental CUSINE IS MY 2DIE4. ..a family based small quaint  spot that sits right in the middle  of 9th St. The owners Edward & Sunny are a ball of fire and sunshine ..making it not just great for the food ...which was excellent (i had a bowl filled with awesomeness)  some very  good skewers)but for the service with a smile and customer  relationships  that you would want from a dining  experience. ..  Now I wont be to exact or precise on what I ate and purchased, but I will tell you that it was amazing ... A definite recommend from one such as myself who has been in the food service industry as a Chef/LineCook and Operations Manager for over 10yrs......and at a very reasonable price I ate like a King ...The food is very similar with my home made ones, the north home made. I like the BBQ lamb and squid, and also the hot pan is very delicious. The people there are warm and friendly. It is a very good place to go.lamb, chicken wings, squid are sooo good! Especially their lamb is incredible big and delicious. The meat is so juicy and tender. Even though the place is a little small, but their place is very clean and the people here is very attractive and friendly. Anyways , they do really BBQ and very northeast taste!! Go grab it, you'll be addicting with them! Because I already did!Wow what a find...
The owners could not have been nicer to me...
A very small storefront with just a few stools..the skewers are fabulous.
I tried fish balls, chicken gizzard, and lamb. Medium spicy...
The medium spicy is perfect for me..
The lamb hit it out of the park...
Inexpensive and good !
Cash only
I'm going back to try the hotpot soupOMG the Chicken hearts are so delish!!
but only not happy about they open too late in the afternoon.The best chinese BBQ in Philly！Especially the lamb and chicken wing. I want to give them 10 stars! :)I was in Philly last Saturday and visited TT skewer. The BBQ lamb and fish tofu is very delicious and authentic, it reminds me of traditional Chinese Kabob I had while I was a kid. There are only 5 seats in the store so in most case you have to take out or wait a while, but the food makes it totally worth it.Strongly recommend visiting, try their BBQ fish tofu.Wow. What a hidden gem. 
You have to know it's here. Traditional Chinese skewers and basic soup (my hot pot as you don't cook in it)
Takes around $20 to make a good
Meal if you are hungry But for $7 you can do just the soup with 3-4 items in it.best skewer place in town！来中国城总想来这拐一圈，老板很热情也健谈，毫无陌生感。冬天到了，该补补了。如果你看到门口停着一辆摩托车，进来和我一起吃羊腰子。The best taste skewer in Philly I have tried! It's authentic Chinese style BBQ and not the fried "BBQ". I love the lamb and the chicken wings most. They are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The skewers are much bigger than what I had in flushing, NY. 4 Lamb can let me feel full so much. Definitely worthy.Having been to Northeast China for a month last summer this is the most delicious authentic skewers we have found! We live in Wilmington , De and are always making the trek to come get our skewer fix!! Our favorites include the lamb, chicken hearts and squid! Absolutely wonderful and friendliest staff around!! An absolute Chinatown must! Run do not walk to TT Skewer!!!So spicy and so good. The spicy soup was great but their lamb skewer was one of the best things I've had in recent memory. Charred, juicy, flavorful, and full of spice.The best skewer I ever had in my life! I visited Philadelphia and hung out with several friends in TT Skewer, the owners were so nice and very friendly. We tried many different kinds of skewers. They were freshly made and were perfectly cooked. I love the lamb and squids, although other ones were also good! I still remember the taste! I miss this place and I'll definitely visit it again next time when I'm in town. If you love authentic Northeastern Chinese style food, definitely give it a try!As authentic as it comes to night market/street food Chinese style lamb kabob and whole squid. Growing up in china and rarely have the time to go visit makes me crave street food. I tried multiple places for lamb kabob, but this one is the best/authentic thus far. Unfortunately I'm not from philly or I'd do a lot of take out! I'll be back to try the spicy hot pot bowl next time I'm in town. Oh yeah cash only! So bring cash or get it from any ATM located around china town.Everything here are amazing, my favorite are the lamb skewers, squid and shrimp! They are so tasty and fresh! Some other people mentioned that the price are a little bit higher than other restaurant but when you compare the size that other restaurant offer, you will think the price is very reasonable. 
Beside of the skewer, you must try the hotpot here. The broth of the hotpot has so many favor! You cannot find a hotpot restaurant in Philadelphia taste as good as TT Skewer's. 
Definitely recommend this place to everyone. It is worth of the money.very delicious.
I highly recommend Grilled Squid skewer and Grilled Steamed Bun Skewer. If you visit this restaurant first time and do not know what to order, those two would be a good choice.
The only thing I expect is to expand the restaurant so I could have meal with more friends next time.Typically, i don't like to write reviews. I don't wanna waste my time on such a thing. But I think I must write something for this good restaurant. This is my favorite restaurant in philly and the best in China town. My first time was in Nov. 2015. I have dinner in TT skewer house frequently (twice or even three times a week). 
Food recommendations:
(1) beef skewer
(2)squash 
(3)lamb skewer
(4)wings 
(5)all the hot pot stuffs 
Food Comments: 
If you like traditional Chinese style grill food, this is your best choice. The guy cooks those skewers using charcoal fire (not deep frying) and this makes skewers smell awesome and mouthwatering even when you are not hungry. The guy loves cooking and he likes to do cooking research. Thus he creates a lot of recipes and developed his own cooking style. The lady is born for hot pot food. The spicy soup she cooks is awesome. The taste of soup ranges from lightly spicy to heavily spicy. However, the soup and food in the soup are not only spicy, but also smells good. She told me that she used up to thirty different kinds of spices and best beef bones for the soup base. She spent years on figuring out proportion of each spice. The couple cook foods not only for money, but also for the history and legend of street food. 
Experience comments: 
The couple is really kind and easy going. They play good music while you are waiting for you food. Go try it and enjoy their awesome foods with iced coke! This is gonna be the best time of the day! 
5 stars is not a good rating for this place. I wish I can give them 10 stars.It is so happy to find This good place! We ordered lamb ,fish and other foods, everything is so yummy!!! I want to be here again!I normally eat at restaurants based on extensive research on Yelp. For this place, I randomly passed it on an evening stroll. And I'm really glad I did.
I'm from Beijing and every time I go back to visit family, the first things are I get (no, not Peking duck - I don't have that kind of money) are jian bing guo and lamb skewers. I live in DC now and have yet to find an authentic Chinese skewer joint. In terms of atmosphere, it's about as literal as you can get when it comes to a "hole in the wall". There were five customer inside when I was there and it felt kind of cramped. But for me, that's a good sign. The quality of food is usually inversely proportional to the square-footage of eating space. My instincts were right, the lamb was super delicious with just the right amount of fat. I asked for medium spiciness. It was a bit much. Mild would've been better for me. Price was a little steeper than I initially expected. I think about three bucks for a skewer. I was debating about whether to give this place 4 or 5 stars. But considering how rare it is to find this type of cuisine and how well it's executed, I think I made the right call.My favorite to go to place for a quick bite. It's super simple, just walk in and order. Very straightforward. The chicken is so tender and juicy. I come here all the time.
The location is more of a hidden spot. It's a small place as well. It also have a karaoke TV.Clean and cozy place, my favorites are lamb skewer, chicken wings, BBQ squid and hot pot bowl.Stopped in and sampled the skewers. They were awesome. Definitely good for a snack or as a stop on a Chinatown food crawl. I think lamb was my favorite but the chicken gizzards we're great as well. Small spot off the beaten path but definitely a must go.Too salty and the meat was tough. Kinda of pricey as well...at $3 and up a skewer.2Bros1Stove, 2Bros1kitchen, 2bros1grill etc. (Please start a new hashtag on social media)
TT skewers are my newest kryptonite. This place is runned by two guys - Eddy and Tony. Went on a Sunday night twice first time on five pm and second time at eight pm prior to catching a bus back to New York. In total we got about six beef and lamb skewers, two chicken wings, four chicken gizzard skewers, four squids. Total price was about $20 + $40 dollars. You got two incredible bros grilling in front of your eyes making some delicious meats. What more can you ask for for a perfect night?
AMBIANCE:
This is what I love about restaurants like TT. It's small shop with probably enough seating for six, it's crowded, and it's a quintessential hole in the wall. But IMO underneath this nondescript presentation there is an aroma of incredible spices and meats. You have to be there to check it out!
PROS:
All the skewers we got!! The beef and lamb were INCREDIBLE. The spice rub is a blend of cayenne, red peppers, salt, pepper, and a generous dose of cumin. Eddy was telling us how he specifically adds a bit of fat on the skewers to make them extra juicy. Boy was he right! We had ours at mild and it gave us quite a kick, but you can tell the meat was incredibly fresh! 
The marinade that they used for the squid and the chicken wings were also apparent as we can taste a slight acidity and sweetness on top of the rub that they used. My friend raved about how good the gizzard was and knowing that he's a foodie as well I trust his judgment too! 
Eddy and Tony were incredibly friendly. They were telling us how their business started and how much blood sweat and tears they poured into it. I can tell - their skewers are definitely labors of love and you can tell there is so much of their personalities in it. We had a good chat on the whole cooKing and marinating process that they do to prep their meats. Might come back to Philly just to take a lesson from them on how they prepare their food!
OVERALL:
TT skewers are the type of business that I hands down will support in any capacity of mine. Eddy and Tony are incredibly hard working and it goes to show from the quality and tastiness of the food they put out. My Yelp fam - PLEASE check them out if you're ever in Philly!This hidden gem has the best lamb skewers. It'd be ideal if they could offer more seats but they've done a great job maintaining great food flavor and quality.The menu at TT Skewer is simple ... and so is this review. I loved the Lamb Skewers therefore I loved TT Skewer.
The tender cuts of marinated lamb grilled over an open flame were like flavorful memories of street food in Northeast China (and Los Angeles). The extra spicy red pepper and cumin powder mix sprinkled liberally make each skewer meaty perfection before, during, or after a night out drinking.
The restaurant is small and the menu even smaller including Meat Kabobs (aka skewers), Chicken Wings, Steamed Buns, and possibly Hot Pot (aka huoguo). I don't know if there is space seat more than 3-4 people, so, maybe the hot pot service is to go?
With totally chill service and tasty hot lamb kebabs, it's simple to see why TT Skewers is five stars.This hole in the wall skewer joint is a must stop for anyone exploring Chinatown. The skewers are spicy and affordable and can make either a full meal or a quick snack.The best BBQ I have had in Philadelphia!!
The meat is very fresh! The taste is very delicious.
High quality Skewer BBQ!Actually born in the big red (PRC) and have always craved the taste of delicious lamb skewers from the motherland. This place makes it pretty damn close to home and close to the delicious street skewers in  Flushing. 
The place is slightly hole in the wall looking but with a modern twist. Not really a sit down place  because they have these limited stalls for sitting. Prob not the most romantic place.
It's cash only and takes a while for you to get your food. If you call ahead and order you don't have to wait for it and be tortured by the delicious smell while your tummy grumbles. I always come here when I'm starving and seems like forever when you're THAT hungry and have to wait. The wait is not ridiculous.
The skewers are perfectly seasoned and you can tell them how much spice level you want. They don't over do it and mask the taste flavor and it is just right!
Minus a star because they don't have chicken skewers, except they only have wings. Sometimes I just want regular chicken skewers because chicken skin freaks me out sometimes......in addition, the chicken skewers are a bit over priced.
Staff is super friendly!
Best skewers specific place in Chinatown. I say that because skewers are in the menus of some Chinese restaurants in chinatowns and They don't advertise them because that's not what these other Bieber restaurants are known for.Fish tofu, fish balls were great. 
Beef and squid were good. 
Little claustrophobic but well worth the experience. 
Highly recommend for a quick lunch or if you're on a Keto DietBest skewer place ever! The lamb skewer and chicken wings make my mouth water just thinking about them. The squid is the best, never had any squid better. A must go every time we visit Philly! The only shortfall is that they don't open during lunch time.I stumbled upon this place earlier this year and have been floored time after time by everything it offers. This place is a serious hidden gem and a hole-in-wall type of eatery. Its specialties - skewers/kabobs and hot pot bowls (aka ma la tang) - feature very authentic northern Chinese flavors - spicy, salty, with the right amount of pepper and cumin. Meat is tender and better than any other place in Chinatown. For those unfamiliar with their offerings, I recommend: 
From the grill:
- lamb shoulder skewer 
- rib eye beef skewer 
- grilled squid skewer (whole squid) 
- grilled chicken gizzard 
Hotpot bowl (this is where they have the broth and you pick whatever you want to be included):
- beef tripe 
- egg noodle 
- bamboo shoots
- quail egg 
- enoki mushroom
Cash only and cost does add up, but it's well worth every penny.To be direct: best skewers in Philadelphia! 
The lamb is tender and juicy. And all skewers are amazing at their spiciest level. The hotpot is also yummy, but I could've order more condiments to make it more full. 
Hole in the wall with limited seating but it's perfect to walk around and munch on yummy skewers, or they will wrap them perfectly in foil and a bag to go. The workers/owners are insanely nice. 
If you're looking for cheap and tasty snack/meals and more authentic Chinese flavors this is it.Charcoal grilled to order. We tried beef and lamb skewers which struck a nice balance between juicy greasy and meaty. They were just short of three dollars each. Watch out for the weird hours. They don't open till 3 PM. I would also recommend calling ahead to cut down on wait time.I just had the lamb and fish ball skewers, but so good. Cannot wait to try the hotpot next time I am there! Adore that Philly is finally getting some Asian street food love. The husband-wife team that run TT are super sweet, and obviously enthusiastic about sharing the flavors of their hometown in Northern China.Yes yes yes. First the skewers. The menu offers several proteins (and not steamed buns!) to be grilled over a coal fire. After cooking, they are spiced and served piping hot. My favorite is the fish tofu, but the fish balls, corn sausage, wings, shrimp, etc are totally solid. 
Secondly: hot pot. Great soup, featuring a solid and well balanced broth. The diner choses the proteins and veggies to accompany the noodles and broth from a long and exciting list of ingredients. Everything is warm with a great texture and fresh flavor. I would safely call this the best noodle soup in the city. 
The 'very spicy' level is no joke. It's invigorating. 
Third: the joint. 2 narrow counters and 8 stools, the guy that cooks and the lady that runs the counter. Simple, clean, outstanding.  Prices are great, always lots of takeout. 
I don't know why I'm not eating here every week.The food here is delicious - the barbecue is cooked on a wood burning grill and the malatang hot pot soup broth is so flavorful, we drank it even after the veggies and meat were gone. The owners are very friendly and help make for a great experience. My only critique  (which I've seen echoed in other reviews) is that the prices seem a little high.... the quality is good and I understand it's not cheap to keep all the ingredients they offer in stock, but you can end up spending a fair amount here if you're hungry. That said I will definitely be back - for me it's worth the price, this food (especially the soup) makes me feel like I am back in China, and not every Chinese restaurant in Philly can do that.Well Turkish people have high standards when it comes to skewers. I have tried skewers all around the world and I was only truly impressed when I visited Northern China. 
I would never guessed to come across the same taste in United States. 
Philadelphia proudly presents: TT Skewer. 
If you can pass the hole in the wall scene and you are a really foodie, this place will BLOW your mind. Order lamb if you want to play safe. And try kidney, heart and others for real gastronomic feast.This place used to be amazing when it was a small mom and pop shop.  We were regulars who frequent once a week.  But, Since they moved to their new location, the quality of food is just not the same.  Their hot pot bowls are no longer items you can chose.  It's a pre-set menu that can't be altered.  The hotpot we had a was extremely salty and the portions were so small for $15.  The portions on the skewers were lighter than normal, there was 4 pieces of chicken gizzard on one skewer.   Our bill was $50+tip, but we were still hungry when we left.  We will miss the original TT skewer, unfortunately we will be looking for a new hotpot spot.Ate here with a friend who raves about this place. For me, the skewers were wayyyyy too spicy event though we requested mild. The chicken was not very tender. The beef was better. Love the atmosphere of this place though and the service was very good.A nightmare having dinner there. Food is expensive and please prepare a ridiculous long waiting.
two people had two hot pots, 4 lamb skewers, 2 QQ sausages, 1 chicken wings and other stuff. it costs more than 50 dollars. 
the lamb skewers are good, to be honest. but comparing the 1.5 dollars lamb skewers in Flushing, NY with same size and better taste, i feel living in Philly, there is no competition at all. ,  the hot pot makes me cry.... 1.25 dollar crab meat is basically cut the whole original piece to three small pieces. 0.75 lettuce is only three baby leaves, Two pieces lamb kidney is 6 dollars and it's smaller than chicken nuggets. 50 dollars can only let you feel not that hungry.
Stupid customers and EZ money...
not worth, and don't even think about to give a try.
Wanna BBQ? see here:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-kings-bbq-philadelphia
(im not hired by Red King...)This was the first time I had skewers like this and I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered lamb, beef, and shrimp skewers. Very authentic style and employees. The flavor is very reminiscent of hot pot. The meat itself is very tender. 
I called in for pick up and it was ready in under 15 minutes. It's located on the edge of Chinatown. It's a cash only place so come prepared. The price seems cheap but actually can be expensive for the quantity per skewer. 
BEWARE The spicy level here is no joke. I ordered very spicy and that was definitely a mistake. I eat a lot of spicy food so I thought I could handle it, but it is actually VERY spicy. Next time I will try medium spicy.