Who wouldn't be pumped about the opening of a Mexican-Thai spot on South Street? And when Tuk Tul Real, the "thai taqueria," put out their menu, it still seemed promising- burritos, tacos, tortas, sides, and larger platters with thai flavors. But a great concept isn't enough to carry a restaurant.
Our waitress who took our to-go order was sweet but didn't seem to know anything about the menu. However, it started well, with a refreshing Hibiscus tea and authentic Thai tea.
But after that, nothing really worked. Mango salad ($7) was just a bunch of mango pieces scattered on lettuce with cucumbers.
The banh mi torta came on dry, lackluster bread, the pork belly wasn't great quality, and there was not much of the pickley, spicy zing that we love about banh mi, nor was it the layered, protein packed monster that we love about tortas.  Not even close to being worth $9. They were out of the pork belly and kimchi buns appetizer, but something tells me I wouldn't have liked them either.
Both the al pastor and pork kaprow  tacos (2 for $6) were small and filled with underwhelming fillings in dry tortillas.
I guess the side of guacamole was alright, though it needed salt.  Maybe this place will work out the kinks and put out better products, but I was sorely disappointed.Mmmm, would like a redo of this place since the food was tasty, but borderline con-fusion cooking. Interesting to say the least.Great idea. The food didn't reflect much thai fusion. I got steak tacos (2 for $7) and it took a while even though the place was empty. The tacos were so spicy they were inedible. I had to order sour cream which I don't even like just to calm my mouth down. Tried to order tres leches for dessert and they had run out of condensed milk. My g/f ordered lemongrass pulled pork tacos which completely lacked any flavor of lemongrass. The chips were great. Just such a great idea with lackluster execution. My steak was overcooked and chewy. Had high expectations, but I now understand why it's empty :(.I consider myself among some of the lucky few to try Tuk Tuk Real during the soft open on 9/10/14. The place was packed with people and anticipation of a great new Philly restaurant. 
They had me at Thai-Mexican fusion. The spices and flavors used in these cultures can only lead to amazing things. Based on the items I tried, this is an accurate statement.
At the soft opening, we were treated to a sampling of the menu. We got to enjoy tortilla soup with Thai spice chicken, salad with a Thai-chili dressing, pork & tinga tacos, fried plantains, and rice & beans. Everything was so good!
As I mentioned, it was packed and due to the nature of a soft open, a little bit of a mad house. All tables were full and guests were set up in every often space. The cooks and servers stayed cool, calm and collective the entire time. If they can handle a situation like this with grace, we are in good hands for a normal day of dining. 
Ok, so you might be wondering why I gave Tuk Tuk Real a 5-star review based on a soft opening sampling of the menu.  I have faith that chef-owner Alex Boonphaya has good things in store for his new spot. If it's ran anything like Circles, I can only see good things for its future. I cannot wait to go back and dine off the full menu. Stay tuned for what I can only imagine will be a 5-star review update.I hate to downgrade tuk tuk but after ordering takeout from here I think they will have to come a little more correct to recapture my co sign .
The last time I had the shrimp curry it was flavorful , spiced just right and came with 5 decent sized shrimp and plenty of veggies.
Service is still awesome I was asked if I wanted chips and salsa while I waited. I opted for just water and my food came out pretty quickly .
I trekked the 5 blocks home and opened up the container . Way less veggies ( though I did ask for my dish sans squash) I would have thought that they would have supplemented with more of the actual contents. I also only counted 4 shrimp though decent in stature paying 16.20 with tax for a shrimp dish and only ending up with less than you remembered is not a good look or a way to keep repeat customers coming back. I'm disappointed and had I eaten at the restaurant I probably would have called them on the shrimp and veggie shortage . 
I won't rush back as tamrind is in equal distance to my house and the price matches the ratio to food.Got delivery. Great fusion food, quality ingredients, fair price. One of the only constantly good Philly restaurants.The first time I tryed this place it was amazing. But just had it yesterday and it's blan, flavorless and just plane blah. I'm not sure if the kitchen staff has changed but your meat has no flavor. And your chicken  taco tasted like watery lettuce. Also the frisia they used for garnish was gross and brown I know it's not ment to be eaten but I don't want that crap next to my food. But I bet that rotting shit taste better then the food. I never want to give a bad review but when I know what you normally bring to the table I have to say something when things change for the worste.I had high hopes for this place.  Asian and Mexican fusion? How couldn't that be good?
We walked in, the space is kind of bootleg, from the odd front doors, to the wobbly tables, to the totally bizarre bathrooms.
I've been to places that have completely weird interiors but their food is so good it totally doesn't matter- this is not one of them.
The staff is unpolished and awkward, from the barely audible hostess trying to sell us on getting delivery to the odd comments from the busser to the server letting us know about menu changes (after only two months?) that had absolutely no bearing on our dining experience.  They were also out of chicken?? How can a restaurant be out of chicken?
We ordered chips and guacamole,  which were pretty good.  The salsa we had that came with it was really good- smoky, a little spicy, and a little sweet- the best part of our meal.
I ordered the pork belly and kimchi tacos.  They were barely edible.  The pork belly was undercooked in that they were grisly and chewy.  Good pork belly should be tender and the fat melt in your mouth.  The kimchi was really salty and not tangy enough.
I don't know that I would ever come back and it's a shame because the idea is great.  Two stars for decent chips and guacamole and salsa.I was pretty excited about a "Thai Taqueria" esp. because South Street could use a boost.  When I discovered that Tuk Tuk Real would be spearheaded by established folks from an established restaurant (Circles), I figured they wouldn't have more than the usual soft opening hiccups.  
Nope.  There were so many blunders that my husband and I miserably kept looking at the time; we couldn't wait for the meal to be over.
Decor
There is no curb appeal here with that cheap flimsy banner draped over the doorway.  (But hey, maybe it was just a foreboding symbol of what was to come once I entered.) The space is long with the kitchen and bar counter dominating one side and crowded tables dominating the other.  The bar counter does have beautiful wood but who'd want to sit there?  Your view is the hectic and sloppy dishwashing area.   The other part is the chaotic kitchen that is crammed with many staff members (Including owners) yelling at each other.  Another reviewer noted the curtained off back area and the poorly signed bathrooms.  Basically, Tuk Tuk Real kind of feels like a step above a hole in the wall without the friendly prices.
Service
Service was awful.  I was tempted to pull our waitress aside to tell her to save her from...herself.  She had NO CLUE about Thai and Mexican cuisines and actually had never tasted a single dish on the menu. It also seemed as if she didn't eat a lot of ethnic foods in general and seemed a bit weirded out by many dishes. The menu was so vague that we had no choice but to ask her what the terms meant and to give us descriptions of dishes.  She would just giggle and tell us she had no idea ("I've never had lemongrass.  What does it taste like?")  Then she admitted that the owners didn't train any of the waitstaff on the dishes and that they were just thrown into the work without a proper introduction.  I guess I felt bad for her because it seems like the owners dropped the ball on that one.  However, a waitress should not be so honest with the lack of management at this place.  As for pacing, we waited forever and then had every single dish bombard us at the same time...except for the dish that she forgot to place in the queue.  The waitress was so scatterbrained that she often visited our table, started a conversation, then would yell back to the counter, then return to us.  It's no wonder she forgot an order. When she finally put it in, she didn't even offer to take it off our bill.
Food
Thai and Mexican cuisine should offer up robust flavors with all the lemongrass and chile combinations that one could imagine.  Nope.  Everything reminded me of mild and mediocre Mexican food.  The menu liberally tosses around the word lemongrass but I barely tasted it in anything.  Food was bland (and often a tepid warm/room temperature) and leaned heavily toward Mexican (minus flavor).
In case you couldn't guess it, I won't be back.  The owners need to seriously rethink how they're marketing this spot if they want to last.Went last weekend with a group of friends while we were visiting Philly for a weekend getaway. The food was pretty good--we definitely had high expectations for it after reading a Thrillist article naming it one of the best new restaurants in the city, so I think we were a little disappointed that it was just okay and not fabulous. I had the mole pumpkin chicken curry, which was alright, and a side of plaintains, which were very good. The BYOB is a plus. Service was mediocre as the server forgot one of the guest's tacos and everyone's meals came out at spaced out times, so the first person's food was lukewarm by the time the last person's arrived. That could have been the kitchen's fault though. Overall, good but not great.Tuk Tuk WTF 
I'm in food love. Tuk tuk has all the makings of a fat girl check in food situation , complimentary chips and salsa, inventive menu options and spice.
Arrived to a pretty empty restaurant so the open table reso wasn't really all that necessary, but hey I'll take those points.
This place is byo so I grabbed up a drinkable white that would pair nice with some spicy thai-Mexican cuisine.
Heather our waitress was so sweet and very knowledgeable and made great dinner recommendations. She reviewed the specials none really peaked my interest so I opted for the shrimp curry and CB did the chicken fajitas with a side of rice and beans.
While we waited for entrees we munched on the chips and salsa , the salsa had a chipotle flavor and something else that I just couldnt place it was quite good. Our original basket of chips was mostly crumbs so a gentleman grab us some fresh ones and we continued to devour until our entrees arrived.
My curry was the perfect combination of sweet and heat . The coconut milk balanced out all the smoky heat and 5 perfectly cooked shrimp were floating in a delicious broth with peppers , onions and squash. I'm not a fan of squash in curry so I removed the pretty large chunks next time I would order this dish without them. Chris loved his fajita flavor but said that the chicken was a tad over cooked but the portion size was decent for the price.
We both very much enjoyed our meals and left with leftovers. The  damage including tax and tip was 50.00 for two decent size entrees and sides.
I will say I think that charging for sides with fajitas is something I've never seen before. If the option for at least one side item to be included would have bumped this review up to at least 4.5 stars.  The black beans lacked salt but I appreciated the pickled onion on top. This place is in walking distance to my apt and they gave us a coupon for 5.00 off our first online order. 
Take out seemed to be pretty steady we say at least 15 orders go out the door while there for dinner.
Will def return. This could be a great spot for a large group dinnerSo it took me a little while to get back to Tuk Tuk Real, and unfortunately it did not live up to my ridiculously high expectations. But don't write that off as a bad thing because my expectations were wicked high because of Circles.  
As an aside- although I haven't been to Circles since my last review, I'm actually reevaluating my rating in hindsight because they really set the bar higher than I gave them credit for at the time. 
So in any case, my husband and I show up for our reservation on a rainy, icky night the Monday after Thanksgiving. We really didn't need the reservation because we were the only ones at the restaurant at the time. But they are on Opentable.com so I got my points anyway. Boo-ya! 
Our server was great throughout the entire night. I would hope so because we were the only patrons for most of the time. She was good and I feel still would have been good, even with a larger crowd. 
Prior to our arrival, I had menu stalked, Yelp stalked and spoke with friends. The lamb nachos were a must-do. They were even able to accommodate a cheese issue by splitting the plate so that one half of the order had cheese and one half didn't. Unfortunately, the sides got a little lopsided where one had more lamb and jalapenos, but I can't blame them since they accommodated the request. This is fusion at its finest. The lamb tasted Asian and the nachos tasted Mexican. This statement probably sounds simplistic, or even dumb, because Tuk Tuk Real is a Thai-Mexican fusion restaurant; but just trust me- this combo works. 
My husband and I also decided to split the Mole Pumpkin Chicken Curry. It's not on their original online menu so I'm thinking it's a newer addition. It was also very similar to the pumpkin curry dish at Circles. The Circles dish is awesome, so why wouldn't the Tuk Tuk Real dish be awesome too? And it was. They even were able to add spice so that it was genuinely hot, but still filled with flavor. The mole pumpkin chicken curry was awesome, but for reasons I can't put my finger on it just was not as amazing as the Circles pumpkin curry dish. 
I think where Tuk Tuk Real also falls short is the actual storefront. There is just something so charming about the Northern Liberty Circles' location, and something so South Street about this one. They certainly tried to decorate, however it just isn't the best of spaces to start. 
BYOB for the win. 
So long story short, Tuk Tuk Real is good but Circles is still better. I'm curious how I would feel about Tuk Tuk Real without this comparison ringing in the back of my head, but I guess it's just not possible to do this.I went there a week after it opened and again two weeks later. It was beyond awful. The fish tacos were cold, the nachos had what seemed to be less than an ounce of meat, and the prices were way too high for the amount of food you get. 
I thought this would be a place for refreshing Mexican/Thai infusion type food. I was extremely disappointed and won't be back.Very cute place with a fun menu.  Just not as flavorful as i wanted. The chips and salsa are great!!! Wish they used a bit more spice and a lil salt.This place was amazing! My friends and I stopped out front to discuss where we wanted to eat and a waitress came out and handed us menus. Everything looked great so we ended up eating there, and I am very glad we did. I got the tacos with braised beef and they were juicy and delicious! Next time I will be more adventurous with my order.I have been here twice, both times the place was nearly empty, and i received excellent and attentive service. The complimentary chips are crisp and not greasy. I've had the chorizo burrito, which was excellent and filling. The steak tacos are also good but you only get two tacos where most places would serve three for the price. The Pork Belly & Kimchi buns are also delicious but a little pricey for two buns.I really like this place and I think more people should try it!
It seems like most of the negative reviews were from the opening and I think things have changed. The menu is good. The service is great. The food is fresh and delicious.
Expect Mexican food with a Thai flair. In general, I find it to be Mexican food with a little extra something that you just aren't going to find anywhere else.
Don't miss out on the massaman nachos. They are super-loaded with all the yummy stuff. My bf is a mushroom fan and loved the mushroom tacos. The chicken wings in the small plate section are huge and super tasty. The only thing I didn't care too much for were the chorizo tamales, which were plated beautifully but a little dry. Or maybe I was already full from all the other stuff I ate that night!
Atmosphere is laid back and colorful, but I don't care for the fluorescent lights in the drink refrigerator.
Oh and I love the free chips and salsa! The salsa is unique and delicious and we can't stop eating it!There's some definite potential here with a Thai-Mexican fusion concept, but Tuk Tuk Real failed to live up to my expectations. Perhaps it's because I love Mexican food and could eat it everyday, or because I like the Circles Thai restaurant a lot and Tuk Tuk is by the same owners, but I was so excited to eat here. 
My group started with the lamb nachos--and it was underwhelming. Having a meat like lamb, you should really try to feature it. But it just blended in to the heap of other things on the nachos--literally nothing stood out. Yawn. 
I tried the moo ping tacos--Thai pork with some standard leafy greens in a sweet/tangy sauce. $6 for two tacos without any sides. Yawn again. Replace the standard leafiness for some microgreens, throw on some pickled jalapenos or red onions and then it would be something worth serving. This is Philly, people. Do good food or don't bother.Tried it for a 3rd time.  Once again the food was great. The waiter didn't write our order down again.  Things went okay since it was just me and my husband and we knew what we wanted.  It took a bit of time for us to get our chips and it seems like the bus boy and waiter don't have defined duties, there was a lot of repetition in asking us if we want to order, want water... 
I have some great advice for this place.  The food is so great and I think they have the ability to be very successful.  A fast casual style would be more successful in this location and they could change to that easily with very little effort.  
If they used an order at the counter model with self seating they would be packed.  The food and price points are perfect for that and I for one would probably stop in weekly.Slow. Slow. Slow.
Food can be good sometimes, but all and all - not worth the price or the wait.
The menu always looks enticing but it doesn't live up to the promise.I tried Tuk Tuk Real tonight -- their second night of business -- which might have been a mistake. I would recommend waiting a few weeks until they have their shit together. The waitress didn't have a clue about the menu, my order came out without any mahi mahi  at all (I ordered the mahi mahi burrito), and my boyfriends dish was not at all like what the server had described. However, the food has potential to be good. The meat was pretty tasty.This is one of the best places to eat. The food is Amazing.  Me and my partner love Tuk Tuk Real.  It saddens me that the place isn't packed.  I would really hate to see it fail.  Visit Tuk Tum Real and I promise you will come back again.Delicious, creative food. When we've ordered delivery, it has always come way faster than they quote us. Can't complain about that!This is a great place. I don't think I've had anything from here that I didn't like. I definitely like certain dishes more than others, but so far they've all been good. I've been here more times than I care to admit. I also live very close by. And well...their plantains are amazing. I love the lemongrass carnitas as well. My only complaint is that more often than not, there has been something they are out of that I ordered. Otherwise the staff is nice, personable and the food is delicious.Decent for vegetarians, but Mexican food generally is.  This is a Mexican / Mexican fusion restaurant with a Mexican / Thai name.  Corn soup is good, but the tofu doesn't contribute anything.  Veggie tamales are good.  Plantains are delicious.We were here for a concert and only had an hour to eat. This place looked nice and my wife and I are always looking for something interesting. This did not disappoint. The lamb nachos were wonderful and the MahiMahi tacos were delicious. Would definitely come back here.This one star is for their delivery.  
$4 delivery fee?  High, but acceptable. 
On top of a $10 minimum?  Ok.... 
Snarky delivery guy because i didn't tip on the credit card?  Absolutely not tolerated. 
He said "Thanks for the tip" quite rudely before I could even hand him cash (which I often do for delivery people).  However, I don't feel right about tipping when the restuarant charges a delivery fee.  It's not my business to pay a delivery man's wage.  However, It IS your business, mr. delivery man, to deliver my food for the salary you are paid and to do it politely.  
So now he proved that he doesn't deserve a tip.  Great job.  Newsflash: If you want a tip, you should behave like you work in the service industry.  Regardless of the common social contract, a tip is not required. 
I don't care how much I liked their burrito tonight.  I don't want to deal with their sarcasm or worrying whether or not they spit in my food.My wife and I came here because the menu was so interesting. Thai and Mexican?! It turned out to be a phenomenal combination. Highly recommend. The chefs really combine the two perfectly. Couldn't have enjoyed it more and are excited to come back again. And again. And then again haha! Great service too!Fantastic - from the food to the service to the price.  Plus a BYO is always an extra bonus.
My wife and I got the lamb nachos as an app plus the curry shrimp and seafood burrito (days special) - all were great.
Service was extremely friendly - it felt like the whole restaurant had a vested interest in our table as we were helped by many of the staff.
And the kicker - it was all for $35?!!  Unheard of!  This place is a great new gem on east south street.  The decor is awesome inside the place as well - Thai / Mexican decor, a unique place.  So many places come and go on South St - I hope this one stays!  I'll definitely be back!I ordered food for delivery on a weeknight and paid with a card.  The driver just dropped off the food with the doorman and did not even bother to call my cell phone to let me know he's here, like every other delivery driver does.  If I had known he was going to be lazy and rude, I would not have added a tip on the card.  The food was just okay.  Not bad, but nothing to write home about either.  The packaging was actually messy.  I've never had so much leaking from food delivery before!I checked out Tuk Tuk Real because of a recommendation by my boss and a friend. Unfortunately, I wasn't thrilled by the food at this place. Honestly the food seemed like it was for people who don't season their food or like bland food. I had a quesadilla and a chicken tamale. They were just ok. Other than that the service was good and it was a BYOB. I don't think I'd come back but maybe to try the wings and lamb nachos which I heard were a hit.We ordered the duck burrito on Saturday night and it came with ONE piece of duck. So, I called the restaurant to tell them. No problem, they assured me. Just remind us next time and we will comp you a duck burrito. 
On Monday, I called to place an order. (Kitchen reno=frequent take out.) I ordered for everyone and asked them to tack on the duck burrito. They agreed and took my cc info for the rest of the order. Two hours later, we were still waiting. Since they said 45 minutes, I called after 90 min and they said it was on its way. By 11 pm, I had given up on ever seeing the order. I called and the phone seemed to be disconnected. I was left with a house of hungry people and it was too late to order from anywhere else. Amazingly enough, they charged my credit card pretty quickly. 
The food is good. But the delivery service that they charge for? Beyond horrible.Food was fine; as others have said, it's Mexican with some twists. Our server, though, was ON it... Knowledgeable, friendly and unobtrusive, easily accommodating particular dietary needs of the party. The stars are for her!I was excited to at the idea of Thai/Mexican fusion - this particular pairing seemed like it would yield exciting, flavorful and quirky combinations. So, when Tuk Tuk first opened, I ordered delivery. We got some tacos, tres leches and something else (I don't quite remember). Unfortunately, even though I live within a 5 minute drive/10 minute bike ride, the food took about an hour to arrive and was stone cold. Not the best situation for tacos. They were ok, and I gave them a pass because they must have had delivery issues and so I didn't want to hold the cold tacos against them.
Tonight, we were starving and having read about their new ramen dish on a recent Philly food blog, I thought it was time to give Tuk Tuk another chance. I was worried about delivery times though, so we ordered pick up. The ramen must have been a short lived special, since they no longer had it. So, instead we ordered Thai Chili Lamb Mole ($18), Strip Bass & Basil Fried Rice ($15) and Lemongrass Cinnamon Chipotle Bread Pudding ($7). All of this sounds amazing, right? Exactly the answer to one's craving for intense flavor, right? Well, neither of the main dishes tasted like anything. They have so many interesting ingredients, but literally did not taste like much. I'm not saying they didn't taste like a dish from Circles, but actually like a dish without any flavor at all; in a blind tasting, you'd say you were eating boiled rice :(
We added salt and squeezed some lemon over both main dishes and so they tasted a little brighter, a little lemony, but that's it. And we paid $33 for them.
The bread pudding was fine; it was moist and tasted like bread pudding, with a chili aftertaste - that was the chipotle, not especially integrated, and just an add on.
Having spent almost $50 tonight on a dinner that was beyond disappointing, I can't recommend Tuk Tuk at all. I've had my fair share of so-so dinners, but $50 for this really added insult to injury. Maybe they don't think Sunday night service is worth spending much time on, so we got dishes that were thrown together but this was really a poor showing.Try the pork belly buns. The nachos were very good. We called for take out and were quoted an 1 1/2 hours, food arrived in an hour.Really enjoy Circles for Thai, so I was excited to give this a shot.  I called and asked about delivery being that I live in Northern Liberties and they are down on South Street.  They said yes.  So I ordered.  When I paid my bill and brought my food inside I noticed a $6.00 "zone charge" which I can only assume is for delivery.  $6 is crazy for delivery and had I known I would have declined, kinda annoyed they tacked this on and neglected to mention it to me.
The lemongrass carnitas were good, the beef tongue was also good.  The toppings on the tacos were pretty boring and bland.  Pork belly buns were 99 percent fat.  I know pork belly is fatty but this was pretty ridiculous that they let this out of the kitchen.  Guac was OK.  I probably won't order from them again, plenty of other better taco places in my neighborhood.Visited for dinner on a Sunday. I was very excited to try this place because I like Circles Thai and the concept sounded fun and delicious. All I can say is that overall my experience was a large disappointment. I would give this restaurant a one star review, except for the fact that the seafood ceviche was very good. Everything else that we ordered tasted exactly the same and The duck in my tacos was very overcooked. If you are looking for delicious tacos, head someplace like sancho pistolas. In a city filled with awesome food, I won't be back to Tuk Tuk Real.
+ for the ceviche, Byob, and pleasant but very slow service.
- for everything else.The Mahi Mahi taco was so good it was crazy.  The tinga taco was full of veggies and much lighter and fresher than most.  The chicken quesadilla had tons of flavor.
Just placed my first order and both my friend and I are adding this place to our go-to spots.  I would eat that fish taco everyday.Love this place! We usually order delivery and the food is always well-packaged and hot by the time it gets to us. I've picked up a few times too and the interior seems nice, I love the mural. The lamb nachos are fantastic, every taco we've tried has been great, and the guacamole is delicious. Prices  are great. Try it!Before you say it I will admit it. I was being lazy and lazy was on the menu. I ordered delivery from a place that is 3 blocks away. What showed up you ask from such a short distance? Cold, soggy, late and borderline   gross food. I can't speak for eating at the joint but delivery get 1 star and that's being kind.Good service. Nice mix of flavors. I got the lemongrass carnitas and it was the perfect mix of what I imagined it to be. Also, free chips and salsa while I waited for my takeout to get ready. Overall, good first experience! Will be back to try more from this unique menu.I was pretty excited when I heard about this place. To be honest, I always get excited about new taco places. So, when a friend asked to have lunch here this weekend, I was definitely down. Upon reading up a bit, I found out that its the chef from Circles as well, making this a sort of Thai Mexican fusion. That sounds like a good concept, but fell quite short. 
First off, the atmosphere pretty much sucks. The place has a large yellow banner outside, and inside appears too "fake nice" for my taste, meaning shiny dark tables set with sparkling water glasses. The design of the menus could use some work too. The service was very friendly, albeit a bit too much, but the place was dead. 
My party of three got some nachos to start, which were okay. I split the lemongrass carnitas burrito and Carne Asada tacos for a meal. The tacos are TINY (like two bites), but the burrito was a decent size. However, it was 80%+ white rice. Seriously, way more rice than they put in a Chipotle burrito. I barely tasted anything else, and if there was lemongrass in the carnitas, it wasn't noticeable (but maybe that's because I saw like two pieces in my whole burrito). I feel like this place is trying to cut corners before their business even gets off the ground, which isn't a great idea. I probably won't be back.I wandered into this place one night and tried the spicy duck tacos -- YUM. My roommate got a burrito and normally I'm not a burrito person but I tried hers and loved it. That thing was huge! Couldn't get enough. The complimentary nachos are good too! Complimentary anything is usually a plus for me. 
The staff is also very friendly, and HONEST! My roommate went there recently and didn't even notice that they accidentally overcharged her. They corrected it immediately and went back up to her to fix the situation which she probably wouldn't have ever realized. I'll definitely be going back.Heard about this place. Was looking forward to trying it. But, maybe we picked the wrong dishes. The masa in the veggie tamales was uncooked, the filling in the chicken was bland, the chicken in the tacos seemed to be similar to the filling in the tamales and the wings were huge but mostly batter and skin. Again, maybe not their best dishes.In short, the food is great!  Favorites include the mahi-mahi tacos, lamb nachos, and chile.  Great service.  And they deliver!   Great addition to South Street.Worst meal I've had in years! It took an hour and 45 minutes for our food to arrive, even though we only live 10 blocks away...And we were told to expect delivery with in an hour of our order. When the food finally arrived, the delivery guy walked up to our door smoking a cigarette and the entire meal smelled like smoke as a result. The food was cold, the portions were small and everything was soggy. Only good part of the meal, were the wings. Still cold and a small portion for the price but they had great flavor. 
We really wanted to give Tuk Tuk Real a chance and they disappointed us on all levels. Needless to say we will NEVER order from them again.These two stars are for the service and the chips and salsa. We had a big dinner party which ordered several different items and unfortunately all of them lacked flavor and failed to impress. Some were more edible than others and that's probably why I'd only recommend the quesadillas. Thank god it's byob (helped wash down that food)!This was a much anticipated opening for me. When I'm looking to eat out (which is an hourly occurrence) Mexican and Thai are always at the top of my list.  So when I heard the Thai/Mex fusion creation Tuk Tuk Real was coming to my neighborhood, I was pretty psyched. Tonight we checked it out, and my husband and I were both impressed.  
Service was outstanding without being over the top.  The menu is what you'd expect from a Thai taqueria - mainly Mexican with a Thai twist than the other way around.  At one point my husband declared he wouldn't be eating burritos anywhere else.  I had the fish tacos - which were pretty similar to the fish tacos at El Vez if you're familiar, but I'd say these were better. You get a bottle of siracha on the side! The chips and salsa for the table come with a smoky chipotle salsa - so that's delicious and a little different.  The seafood ceviche was one of the best I've ever had - a little on the small side? Maybe I just liked it so much I shouldn't have shared it though. Anyway, it had a hint of coconut that really amped it up for me.
Atmosphere is casual and how a taqueria should be.  
Also, I'm pretty sure they deliver. 
Add Tuk Tuk to your to do list pronto.Very efficient and straight forward review.
I have only had Tuk Tuk once.
the staff was friendly.
the lemongrass carnitas burrito was huge and was perfectly grilled.  Iv'e had better and Ive had worse burritos.  It was tasty though.
the fried plantains are the truth!  just amazing.
is moderately priced.$13 for a small bed of lettuce and a few over fried chunks of fish. The servings were tiny, the food was cooked horribly, and the service was bad. 2 stars because it was clean. Never again.Tuk Tuk Real had so much promise in my mind, and reality just didn't live up.
The Thai fusion is sorely lacking on the menu. It's basically just Mexican food. And, if you travel anywhere south of South Street, you can get more of the same with more flavor and for less money. Maybe it's just what I ordered, but the lemongrass carnitas tacos had zero flavor. I added guacamole (which is average) just so I could taste something. The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal.
What really bugs me is the lack of descriptions on the menu. If you're going to try to be creative with what you put on each dish, please tell people what those add-ons are and don't try to look cute and quirky with your non-menu. One diner in my party was indecisive and had to ask the server several times to repeat things. He pulled out a piece of paper and started reading the descriptions, and refused to give her the paper so she could look at it herself. Even if she was being too overthinky about her food, you can see that there are two ways to remedy this kind of situation.
Tuk Tuk isn't bad, but I live closer to better Mexican food options.I've been here twice now, and I really like it. First off, they have free chips and salsa, which is key. They rotate different salsas, so I have now had their tomatillo and chipotle salsas, and both are great! I always ask for refills, and the servers aren't ever annoyed. I've had a fish burrito and the sea bass fried rice. Both were tasty. The burrito was large and stuffed with a healthy amount of mahi mahi, rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, and tomato. I also put some salsa on top. It was tasty and lasted me two meals. I didn't really think there were any Thai influences in the burrito (this place is supposed to be Mexican and Thai fusion), though. The sea bass fried rice I had another time was also delicious. It was a very generous portion of fish, and both the fish and rice tasted like they had Thai spices on them. Maybe I just don't understand the fusion concept, but I didn't really see any Mexican influence in this dish. Either way, the food was still good, and I like that meals come with chips and salsa, so I'm not complaining.Was excited to come back to Tuk Tuk Real.  Some missteps were hit this time.  They were out of the lamb massaman nachos which was the main reason for the return visit.
Ok.  
Shrugged that off and we decided to order the duck burrito and lamb mole.
The good:  duck burrito had succulent pieces of fowl, decent blend of flavor.
The bad:  the lamb mole was vastly underwhelming for $18.  More gristle then meat, and few pieces of meat to begin with.  Very disappointing.I love this place. I think the bad reviews come from the letdown that it's not exactly the creative "Mexican-Thai Fusion" that is was hyped up to be. If you let go of that notion and just accept it as a great little Mexican joint with a little bit of a twist, then all will be well.
I came here for the Taco Tuesday Special for $2 each pork tacos of any amount. We also got the guacamole as an appetizer and plantains for a side. All was great and reasonably priced.Love this place, have been here twice and it has been consistently delicious! The mahi mahi tacos and the suadero braised beef tacos are both so so good that I can never decide and just end up ordering both of them! My boyfriend got the fajitas and unlike most restaurants that never give you enough tortillas, he had more than enough he didn't even use them all! 
Love the guac here, I always hate when the guac has too much cilantro and this place is spot on! 
We also got the lamb nachos as an appetizer the first time and they were very good too but a bit water so towards the end the remaining chips were a little soggy, but there was a lot in the dish before it got to that point anyway.
Love that it is BYOB and i love that it is on grub hub, definitely will be ordering in the future :)I normally hate fusion.  Especially Asian fusion.  Call me a purist, but I just usually think the original is better. Tuk tuk took me by surprise. 
Big fan of the free chips and mole salsa. Free stuff is the best stuff. The pork belly and kimchi pao buns but the POW in pao buns.  The lamb massaman nachos were also incredible and a large portion. Pro tip: these are nacho friend on a date, you will look like a slob trying to get every last morsel of lamb on each chip. We also split the duck tacos which were amazing.  Like peking duck on steroids, if steroids were kimchi and whatever other delicious magical toppings they put in there. 
$30 for 2 people to be stuffed and satisfied was totally reasonable.  Service was good and the place was really cute inside!  They deliver pretty much anywhere in the city and the fee if you call is based on the mileage so... I'm seeing a lot of delivery in my future.I've eaten in here once and gotten delivery several times and never been disappointed. While Mexican and Thai isn't a combination I ever would have conceived of, the flavors come together deliciously. I recommend the lamb nachos and the chicken tortilla soup - very flavorful. All the tacos I have tried are good, especially the carnitas and al pastor, and the tortillas are so good. The only thing I haven't been as crazy about are the desserts, but overall this is a quality place I'll keep going back to and highly recommend.It might be unfair to review a business so soon after we visited, but my writing is and unbiased representation of our dining experience. 
I went to Tuk Tuk Real with 3 friends at 7 on a Friday night. After not being able to find much information from the incomplete website, we called to found out the restaurant was BYOB. However, the receptionist did not ask if wanted to make reservations even though when we arrive and the hostess asked if we had made them. 
The dining room opens out on a busy section of South St and from the sidewalk you can look into the open kitchen and see the spit of pork slowly spinning. We were seated promptly and greeted by our server who offered water, glasses for our beer, and brought out chips with a chipotle dipping sauce. The tables spread apart adequately and the chairs comfortable for my bad back. 
The menu was well organized but severely lacking in detail. It was difficult to determine some simple facts about the items, like what ingredients are in the burrito, what's in the nachos, what is a torta, what are pork kaprow, moo ping, tinga, and suadero? We had to interrogate the server with volleys of questions and she heroically answered them all, demonstrating a firm understanding of the menu which is commendable in a new restaurant and even made good recommendations (get the lamb nachos).
We started with the lamb nachos, plantains, guac, pork buns and some of their tasty chips. The first three were very good and I especially enjoyed the nachos that featured sweet and spicy lamb with savory beans, fresh veg and lush crema served on the deliciously fried chips. The plantains and guac were good but not memorably so. The pork bun was disappointing. Ever since Momofuku popularized the snack it's all over menus, so I'm always excited to try a new take on it. My pork bun had a cold, dry, rubbery gua bao bun, the pork was also dry or overcooked and the piece of kimchi was too large and chewy. I took one bite and almost all the filling slid out with it. Also, it was weird that there was a whole jalapeno and a couple stalks of green onion for garnishing. For finger food, it would require a lot of work to cut those up and put them into your sandwich. The pork should be tender and moist and if the kimchi were sliced it would've been much easier to eat. 
Our mains were better but not without hiccups. All of the food came out quickly after we finished our starters, but one of the orders was incorrect (another order pork belly buns instead of tacos). It was likely just a miscommunication and the right order came out quickly. However, no matter how short the wait, it's annoying to have to watch your food get cold as your friend has nothing in front of them. The pork tacos a friend ordered was better prepared than the bun I had earlier. My other friend enjoyed her Mahi Mahi taco which was filled with fried fish, even though it wasn't described as such on the menu. Another entree, the mushroom burrito was a large Mission-style burrito filled with rice, beans, cheese, and tasty sautéed mushrooms--although for some, it might have eaten a bit salty. I was a bit disappointed with my main: the Tamales. I thought they were a dry and bland, in dire need of a sauce. The fillings were ordinary, cheese, chicken, and pork if memory serves. There was the surprise of a bright pickled cactus side salad that I enjoyed, but might not be for everyone as the cactus has a slightly slimy texture. 
For dessert, the server strongly push for the Tres Leches cake, but we opted for the churros instead. This was a big mistake. Although they looked beautiful, the churros were doughy, heavy, and undercooked or lacking leaven. It was pretty gross. The glutinous rice pudding in the middle was stellar however. 
General observations:
-Another table ordered the wings, they looked amazing! Whole wings lacquered in a mahogany sauce. I will definitely get these if I return
-The bathrooms on the other side of the cold case in the main dining room are not signed well at all. This is very confusing. 
-On the way to the restroom I saw a dude chilling in front of a computer in the back room through a half draw curtain in the door way. If this was the office, get a real door or close the curtain all the way. 
-The open kitchen is a nice concept, I love watching my food get made, but the dish washing area needs to be separated by walls. The loud clanging of dropped dishes disrupted conversation on several occasions 
-On the topic of the open kitchen, Chef Alex was expediting orders the night we dined and was loud and rather brusque with his commands. Again, not terribly conducive to a pleasant dining experience. 
Overall the food was a bunch of hits and misses, but for a little less than $20 each after tax and 20+% tip, I was ok with the quality. Some of the dishes will undoubtedly get tighten up with time. The ambience could definitely be improved, but our server was great.The bae and I saw Tuk Tuk Real on a leisurely Sunday walk down South Street.  Thai-Latin fusion sounded amazing at the time, so we decided to come back later that day.  We were not disappointed.  This concept from the owner of Circles was mostly a hit.  Our server, Gia, definitely steered us in the right direction and was extremely attentive.  Faves:  the lamb massaman nachos, plantains, and duck tacos.  The nachos were an intense mixture of flavors that worked really well as a whole, similarly to the duck tacos.  Some of the flavors do need a little tweaking -- the lemongrass carnitas tacos tended toward the bland.  Overall though, this was a great cheapish meal!Yesterday I had dinner at Tum Tuk Real.  The food, service, and atmosphere were all great.  My friends and I brought 2 bottles of wine (since it is a BYOB).  Our server, Gia, immediately brought over an ice bucket and wine glasses.  We were given a full tour of the menu, specials, and recommendations.  We started with the lamb massiman nachos which were mind blowingly delicious.  Then the table shared an assortment of different tacos.  My favorite was definitely the mahi mahi but all were delicious.  To end the meal we had tres leches cake at Gia's suggestion and the chipotle bread pudding.  It was all incredible.  Tuk Tuk Real is definitely my new go to spot for a delicious and relatively inexpensive meal.I give 2 stars for nice service and cute atmosphere :-) but the food wasn't that good. I'm Thai and I expect to get some nice fusion food. 
First I read the menu all dishes are look creative and sound interesting. So I ordered "Strip Bass over Basil Fried Rice" when the food it's come I like the presentation and idea at first. Then I start the first bite all good feeling are gone. The food was no test, very very mild. I don't get anything relate to Thai's flavor!! Fish was over cook and fried rice quality was so bad. 
I also ordered corn soup with tofu(korean tofu) soup base was too much sweet, really disgusting for me :(((
Another thing Thai language that uses in restaurant mostly is not make sense and sounds so ridiculous for Thais... 
If you want to do Thai-Mexican, chef suppose to make food that make the customer to feel both style in one dishes but chef is really failed in this point!We ordered through GrubHub from Tuk Tuk for 2 weeks in a row - that's how good this place is.  
Their menu is extensive, so there is pretty much something for everyone.  My husband is a fan of the pork belly tacos and their duck tacos are pretty bangin' too.  I've also tried the chorizo quesadilla, but I felt like it lacked spiciness.  
If you order delivery, they are super quick, even GrubHub can't keep up because Tuk Tuk usually arrives before we've received an updated GH text.  This place is definitely a keeper for those nights when we don't feel like cooking.I was very excited to try this place since I'm a HUGE fan of Circles, and I finally got the chance when my girlfriends and I decided to go here this weekend. Overall, my dinner at Tuk Tuk Real was a 3-star experience, but I have no doubt in my mind that this spot has 5-star potential. The concept is really strong, the prices are affordable, and the flavors are great, but the service, menu, and decor seemed decidedly unfinished. I feel like this place might have rushed too quickly to open. While most of the food was well thought-out and well-executed, everything else just had SO many holes. 
I got a weird vibe that someone higher up did not adequately prepare any of the waitstaff, because they just seemed flustered and confused and they made quite a few awkward blunders throughout the meal. They were all very polite and were trying their best, but it seemed as though none of them had ever worked as servers before. While I've worked in customer service before, I've never been a waitress, so I sincerely hope that my comments don't sound too harsh, since I know it's a tough and often thankless job. 
The vision of a Thai Tacqueria is exciting, and I expected an introduction to the concept and an explanation of the menu, but our waitress gave us neither. The printed menu itself left a lot to be desired in way of explanation as well. The menu would benefit greatly from a description of the ingredients, flavors, and influences under each item. It's not like Thai-Mexican is a familiar fusion cooking style, so it would be incredibly helpful (not to mention interesting) to see which components of each dish are Thai-influenced and which are traditionally Mexican. As a vegetarian, it was also confusing trying to discern which items I could eat because of the lack of explanation.  
While we were waiting for our food, they brought out fresh chips and a mysterious (yet delicious) brown salsa. Our entrees also came out quickly, which was great. My vegan curry tofu special was delicious and surprising. The flavors were reminiscent of panang or massaman curry, but it sauce was much creamier than in a typical Thai dish. If it weren't vegan, I would call the flavor "buttery" since it was so unbelievably rich. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals for the most part, except for a bland side dish of beans. 
At the end of the meal, there was some confusion when someone charged my friends' cards, then accidentally voided the transaction and needed to ask for the cards back to charge them again. It was kinda painful by the end just because of all the small goof-ups. Everyone was so apologetic and probably frustrated that I just felt bad. I really hope they iron out some of the kinks because I want this place to succeed. Hopefully some day, I'll come back and be able to give it 5 stars, but they've got some work to do.Friendly staff
Cool open kitchen
Great double-fried chicken wings
Solid entrees
Pretty cheap!This is the second time for us here and I have not been disappointed.  Tacos are very delicious. We've had the Mahi Mahi, Suadero and Al Pastor, and all were just fantastic. The food is a wonderful fusion of Thai and Mexican food. It really works.  Also had the quesedilla  and our was awesome
The wait staff is very friendly. The process are reasonable and, best of all, it's a byob, so you can go out and not break your budgetI just stumbled across this place while looking for lunch today and figured I check it out.  I'm really glad I did, because it was phenomenally delicious!  From the freshly warm tortilla chips served with a slightly sweet chipotle salsa, to the fragrant vege tamales topped with their bright tomatillo salsa, to the huge tasty mushroom black bean burrito, to the delicately flavored wedge of lemongrass cinnamon chipotle bread pudding, I was Mmmmmmm-ing and Yummmmm-ing for an hour.  And for at least a half hour after I left.  I'm glad I had a friend to split it all with me, because the portions were quite large; even splitting everything I was overfull.  Honestly, I wouldn't have eaten that much had not each thing we ordered been so good.
Thai + Mexican?... If you're wondering what the food is like (beside delicious), I'd say it's pretty much Mexican/American Mexican, with some well placed and subtle Thai notes and garnishes.  For example, the tamales were served with a few forkfuls of lightly pickled vegetables, reminiscent of Thai pickled salad, which complemented both the tamale and tomatillo salsa.  And the mushroom burrito was served with a small lettuce and radish salad that had a faint, refreshing Thai vinaigrette.  Likewise, the lemongrass in the bread pudding desert was subtle and complimentary. Yeah, so that's that.
Philly!  Check this place out!  It's delicious and the service was great!I really, really wanted to love this place.  Circles is my go-to thai place both for delivery and dine in, and I was excited about this fusion resto by the same group.  My sister and I went early on Friday night and were greeted by an empty restaurant, so we had the run of the place. Our server saw that we brought a bottle of white and quickly came to our table with an ice bucket and glasses.  We ordered the guacamole to start, which was delicious and citrusy, but at $6 for about a half cup, it was a little pricey.  
For our meal, we ordered the chicken quesadilla and the chicken tinga and mushroom tacos on corn tortillas.  The chicken tinga taco was very good--I ordered with a side of the hottest sauce, which added a nice kick.  By itself the taco was spicy in the sense that it had a lot of tasty spices, but not "hot".  Each order of tacos comes with two.
The mushroom taco was bland.  It was missing something--perhaps seasoning or use of more flavorful mushrooms would make it worthwhile to order.  Even with the addition of the hot sauce, I was not impressed.
The chicken quesadillas were good (I like to call quesadillas Old Reliable--pretty hard to go wrong).
The service here was so-so.  Our server seemed nervous to be waiting on us, which was a strange experience.  Also, she didn't tell us the specials until after we told her we were ready to order for the second time.  The busser(?) was great.  He was on top of refilling our water and was very friendly and personable.3.5! I'm actually very surprised how god Tuk Tuk Real was. Some entrees were so-so and some were great.
Buffalo wings are large and tasted great, though seemed to required some time as this appetizer came out after our entrees arrived.
Thai Chili Lamb Mole was awesome. Lamb was moist and tender. The mole sauce had an amazing depth of flavor. Wow. great sauce.
The Shrimp Curry was also fabulous. The sauce was amazing in this too!
I thought the Quesadilla was amateur and lacked any bold flavor. I don't even remember the other entree I got because it didn't matter. Entrees can be a hit or miss like that- lack of consistency.
Service was slow. It seemed there was one server for the whole place. Food kept being brought to us that belonged to another table. It took multiple times of asking to get one Coke (and yes, I want it now and not just with my meal- strange question).
I would definitely come back for more food.Why isn't this place busier than it usually is? Coming from the owner of Circles in Northern Liberties, I knew this place could not disappoint! Sure, when you walk in it's on the small side and does not have much to offer in regards to decor but you instantly forget about that when you start to order your food.
First off, the staff was very polite and knowledgeable about the menu (after I'm guessing having had enough time learning it). They took the orders and always made sure to check up on us.
As for the food, I ordered the Mahi Mahi taco with a side of plantains while my partner ordered the Suadero tacos (which is just steak, pico de gallo, refried beans, and cheese). The tacos come two per serving and surely the flavor did not disappoint! The sweet plantains added to my salty and sweet savory mix while my partner enjoyed her "steak bites from heaven", so she says. I only had a glass of water but seeing the Thai Ice tea on the menu, I knew that it would be nothing short from divine. Moving on, I had to try the Tres Leches cake... And boy was that something. There was definitely a kick to it that you don't often taste in desserts but it was oddly satisfying. 
The menu, I do have to agree, has some explaining to do but the flavor profiles are great! I encourage for people to try this restaurant so it can fulfill that potential and they can expand and hopefully add some more fusion treats to the tables!
Also, taco Tuesdays has to be the smartest thing ever. $2 tacos are a steal!
:)Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the duck tacos. Beware the large portions - we totally over-ordered. Not much atmosphere, but clean, roomy, and comfortable. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable and helpful, in particular with our vegetarian guest, who found lots of choices. We also easily made substitutions.Food would be a 4 or 5. This was my second time, first time was a 5 star experience in terms of food and service. Server basically insisted on not writing down the order and then proceeded to use a game type format to "guess" our order, with many mistakes. Finally agrees to write it down, but still from memory and then still misses an entree. Appetizers came out one minute before entrees, entrees were cold. Another waiter tried to convince us burritos are served colder. Finally they bring out the missed entree while taking back the cold burritos. In the end we had a tasty meal with a very small free dessert to try to compensate for all the mix ups. It's unfortunate, hope they get it together because this place has 5 star potential.I was a little disappointed. Service was great, but the food was kinda bland. My boyfriend and I were dying to try this place because we heard such good things. I'm obsessed with Latin American food so I was excited when I found out they had fried platanos. Those were good, but those speak for themselves. I got the duck burrito. It was basically flavorless, though the ingredients were quality. I added the "medium" spice green sauce that the waitress brought. It was extremely mild and also pretty flavorless. My boyfriend got the chicken enchiladas. I thought those were pretty good, but he was disappointed with the cheese to meat ratio. Overall, I would probably come here again, but I wasn't blown away.Mexican food on a Saturday morning? Why not.
Me and my husband was making our way to Starbucks on 4th st; when we bumped into a waitress outside Tuk Tuk Real putting chairs / tables outside. Had to be about 10am. We asked if we could have a menu and even though they were not open yet she kindly went inside and handed us one any way. I asked what was one of her favorite entrees on the menu and she started ranting about the Mahi Mahi. 
Sounded amazing! 
Later that day we came back for dinner and she remembered our faces :)
I went ahead and got the Mahi Mahi burrito which was ammmmaz-ing. My husband tried the pork tamales and they were very dry but he loved those lamb nachos. Cinnamon Churros could have been a much larger portion but they was delicious.
Overall everything was great! This has to be one of the best spots on South street.
Honestly haven't had such great service like this since I've moved from Massachusetts. Thank you.
5 STARS.