A great,cozy, byob with really good food. Street parking. You can easily miss it if you're not looking for it.This is a neighborhood BYOB......we enjoy getting together with friends here.....they always provide good value....and is fairly priced......I never had a bad experience here......but it is a small neighborhood restaurant......I enjoy giving my business to places like this......it is priced right....This is a great little restaurant. My grandpa discovered it and we have become regulars. The food is amazing and the service is good. The food is mainly Italian with some variations because the owners and employees are all Albanian. The prices are resonable, and it is a bring your own bottle.Ate there last nite with my wife, food was great! Had the Veal Oscar special. Wife's dish was excellent.
Only problem was the noise ---it was overwhelming. We wanted to get ou as soon as we were finished. We will order takeout from now on.I love the Italian food here..... It makes me never wanting to go to a chain restaurant for Italian food. Favorite Italian food in Philly and prices are great also.I ordered Veal Parmesan and the veal was as tough as leather. I couldn't even finish it.My family and I, have been to this restaurant numerous times, and always enjoy our meals. The Chicken Saltimbocca has always been enjoyable to us. We get the same dish every time, served by a pleasant waitress. We will come back!There was no wait we had a table right smack in the middle of 3 parties, it was very loud and very warm I could not even hear myself think and it was really pricey for food that wasn't "out of this world" I think I'm going to stick to Olive Garden.Tuscany is a great neighborhood Byob. Dishes out some great Italian classics and is also very affordable. I recommend making a reservation on the weekend and any time there will be 4+ people in your party. Avoid the center table tho as it can be loud at times.Tuscany is very small. I would have never known is was there had it not been for someone asking me if I'd eaten there before. The place could use some Italian decor. We were there for an early dinner so we were the only customers but being so small, I could easily see it getting loud when its full. 
The food was great and plentiful! I thought the prices were reasonable. Here is what we had along with the standard bread and oil and salads:
Fried Calamari
Chicken Alla Toscana
Breaded cutlet topped w/broccoli rabe, garlic and baked with mozzarella cheese, in light marinara sauce
Ravioli Rosa
cheese ravioli topped with roasted peppers in blush sauceHole is the wall restaurant right off the Blvd.  A very small place so reservations are needed.  Very good food, large portions. Also a BYOB.This place was NOT good. Service is pretty quick, but the food is lackluster at best. I went there last night for my grandfather's 80th birthday, and our entire party was very disappointed with the food. 
I had the flounder francesca, but asked for the broiled (which was also on the menu) flounder instead of the battered. When the food came out, it was very obviously battered and the sauce was congealed into a thin layer of grease on top. I am not usually picky, so I decided to eat it anyway. When I attempted to take the first bite, it was nearly impossible to lift it with a fork because it was so overcooked that it was absolute mush. I NEVER send food back, but I did this time in hopes that they could just give me a broiled filet that was (hopefully!) cooked right. Instead, they took the plate into the back and mashed it up with the fork (furthering its mushy, vomit-like texture) added more sauce, and presented it back to me, saying that it was no longer battered. (I could still see large chunks of the battering on the plate. I did not touch the food after. 
The "salad" was some iceberg lettuce chopped up with 2 cherry tomatoes thrown on it.
My sister got the chicken and vegetables, and said the chicken it tasted like it came out of a frozen bag of tyson chicken. 
SO not worth the money. We would have been better off buying overly processed food from the grocery store and making it at home, instead of paying $16 a plate for it at Tuscany Ristorante.Wow , great food . Salad appetizer and meal had the bruschetta to start then Caesar salad . Chicken parm was awesome and the chicken Gorgonzola was also. Parking a little  rough being in a shopping strip and small.I like the fact that this is BYOB, however that's about all I like about Tuscany.  The place is small and I felt a little uncomfortable.  The place is insanely loud with too many tables crammed into the tiny space.  We went with a party of 6 and had made a reservation but still had to wait 20 minutes for our table.  The service was pretty poor, with our waitress taking forever to get us our drinks and bread.  The food was mediocre at best and sloppily presented on our plates.  Can't say I will ever return to this place.Very average but not bad. Next to a dump bar though so your always fighting with someone walking to your car.Awful experience! Never returning. My husband and I came here for valentines. I had been once before and had an okay experience but this was his first time. We were informed that there was a special 5 course menu for $30 a person. We were initially excited then shocked to find out that there was NO special menu! You order off the regular menu and they (this isn't a joke) counted the salad (that says right on the menu comes with your meal) as a course! They also counted the pasta that was a part of my shrimp scampi dish as the side!!! As if this wasn't enough the table can only get one appetizer and the best one was excluded from "the deal". My husbands meal was terrible, steak chewy, thin and not properly cooked. Plate wasn't dressed with any love. My salad was small and brownish. Even the coffee was terrible. The only saving grace was the wine we brought and the fact that we were able to laugh at just how bad things were! This place is greedy, lazy and does not respect it's customers by robbing them blind. "5 courses" was actually "2 1/2". We will never ever return and have been telling everyone about this experience. Shame on the owners and chef at this place. Shame.Low lit perfect, food is fantastic and we'll portioned you have enough to bring home some for the next day! 
You can request what ever pasta you want with your dish. Waitresses will accommodate your dish to liking and are always nice and attentive.First of all, I love BYOB's.  Good value for a nice night out at Tuscany.  We are regulars and I have always received good food here.  But they are just around the corner from great.I have been going there every 2 months for about 3 years to reconnect with a number of high school classmates. The food has been consistently great and the staff are welcoming to our rather large group. I highly recommend Tuscany even if it is a bit of a drive (I come from 100 miles away). It is well worth the trip and being BYOB is an added bonus. You won't be disappointed.Just got back from eating here.  We went because of a gift card.  Our waitress was great, but that's where it ends.  I think a meal really started to go downhill when the stink bug crawled out of the chicken caesar salad and on to the table.  We did bring it to the waitresses attention, the waitress was shocked and took the meal away, replaced it, and didn't charge us - great move and what they should have done.  However my scallops were beyond tasteless (though it's hard for them to pick up on any taste due to their nature) and the sauce they had it with was really bad.  My sister's chicken marsala was salty and bland.  We are pretty laid back when we go out and eat, but were expecting way more.  And how hard is it to mess up Italian food?  After reading reviews before posting, it seems like we are not alone....bummer and lessoned learned.Best BYOB in the northeast! The food is delicious - the portions are huge and they will customize any dish! Great with people who have food allergies, which for me is a must. Calamari, bruschetta, and mussels are all 5 star! Never had an entree that we didn't love. Service is great. Atmosphere is wonderful - great small Italian restaurant feel...a tiny bit noisy but that only adds to the ambiance!!Tuscany is a favorite of mine and my family.  In October 2014, we had my mother's 60th birthday dinner there.  With the new space in the basement, the restaurant was able to accommodate about 35 of us.  The food was amazing (as always), and everyone had a wonderful time.  This restaurant is a neighborhood gem.Went on Sunday night (yesterday) and wanted to wait till today to post. The restaurant was not crowded but the noise level was extremely high. We ordered the calamari which was tender and cooked perfectly. The appetizer plate was nothing special and the roasted peppers were from a jar. Our waitress was attentive and even made an adjustment on our son's meal with ease. 
I had the gnocchi with sausage added and it was good but the sauce was a little bland. My wife had the veal Sinatra which was a good portion size but needed more seasoning. I can't believe for a small byob Italian restaurant the pasta is not home made. That was real disappointing. 
Overall not a bad experience but one of the other waitress had her young daughter chasing her around the dining room crying. I don't ever mind eating out with kids but this just seemed a little over the line. 
We won't be going back. I was really hoping it was going to be a go to BYOB in NE Philly. Our search will continue!I had some family over from England and we decided to go here for my parents anniversary. It's located in a little shopping strip right near the boulevard. You can find plenty of parking on the side streets. Our party consisted of 10 adults and 3 children. When my sister made the reservation we were promised our own room. When we arrived we were surprised to be seated with everyone else. All the tables are crammed in the small dining room making it incredibly hot and uncomfortable. I actually had to step outside for air a few times because I kept getting dizzy from the heat and almost passed out. The noise level is RIDICULOUS. We had to scream just to have a conversation with our table. 
On the plus side our waitress was very good and our food was delicious. It is a little pricey but I LOVE that we could bring our own alcohol. I do NOT recommend going here on a Friday or Saturday. My parents returned on a Sunday and said it was MUCH better. I may go back but not on a weekend.Overall, the food was disappointing. The Caesar salad was very good. The calamari app we ordered was not, very chewy and little flavor. I ordered spaghetti and clams expecting little necks, rather the pasta was served with canned clams. The food is on the cheap side, and it's BYOB - but I wouldn't return.Our Ladies Expression group meet here once a year. We are never dissatisfied. The staff is very friendly & attentive. The food is superb. This little know secret is the best in NE Philly. We usually make reservations for the basement bc we are loud. It also depends on how many of the Ladies from the group attend. And I love how inexpensive it turns out to be. With appetizers & entrees & desserts we split the bill 10 ways and it's still so inexpensive. Love Love Love! And it's a BYOB. We have already been there 3 times. I plan on going back with my family. I absolutely love the Lobster ravioli.It is really nice inside the restaurant and the food is excellent with nice size portions plus it's a BYOB. I've even had my son's christening reception here. The owner really worked with me on a menu that fit my budget. Everyone raved about the food! Plus we just went to a local winery and bought a couple cases of wine which made it a really nice in budget event. Highly recommend for a nice dinner or even a small event.I ate here about a year and a half ago and it was fine. I went this past weekend and it was terrible. My gnocchi was tough and heavy and was definitely the kind you buy in a huge bag, frozen, from some supplier. The parmesan cheese was the long life kind you get in pizza places. The salad was dreadful - iceberg lettuce, a couple of limp tomatoes and cucumbers. They had no vinaigrette or house dressing - just  the standard French, Italian, etc, that were clearly from a bottle. Nothing was presented with love, and it was too expensive. The only good meal was that of one of my companions - her pork chops were acceptable.  It can't possibly be run by Italians - italians can't ruin Italian food like this.  Another similarly priced restaurant I've been to had fresh gnocchi and freshly grated parmesan, and a wonderful salad. There is no attention to detail, just high volume to make money, it seems. Very very disappointing.I've been a customer of Tuscany since they first opened their doors. My Daughter in law had her wedding rehearsal party there. We have noticed that over the last year,  the quality and quantity of the food has diminished. Tonight my wife ordered scallops and when the plate came out there were only 4 small scallops that had no taste and the consistency of rubber, the green beans were over cooked. There are too many good restaurants in this city so we will no longer be going to Tuscany It is unfortunate because it started out as a decent restaurant.I got a gift certificate to Tuscany for Christmas, so my partner and I decided to eat here last night. 
The exterior is very deceiving - it is in a tiny strip shop chain obscured by a large car dealership directly off the boulevard. Do NOT let this unassuming exterior deceive you - the place is well worth it to eat at! 
Our reservation was for 8PM, and we were greeted enthusiastically and seated immediately at a table for two. My initial impression was that the decor could definitely use some modernization with a bit more italian influence for an italian restaurant. The dining area was definitely tight, but not so tight that I got bumped into non-stop or or felt uncomfortably close to strangers. The establishment was about 85% full, and was not as noisy as I would have expected it to be for such a small dining area with so many seats crammed in. It was a little louder than the average restaurant though due to size. Overall impression was that it was a homely and inviting atmosphere, even with it having a pretty cramped dining room. 
Our server greeted us and offered to open our bottle of wine immediately, asked if we would like any other drinks with it and brought us waters and wine glasses. She told us the specials and was friendly and pleasant to talk to. The menu was extensive so we asked what was good and she mentioned a few popular items as well as her personal favorite, one of which I got and was not disappointed! 
We started with the Appetizer Sampler, which was the least impressive of everything we ate, although it had its high points. It came out in a timely manner just after our complimentary bread/oil arrived (the oil mixture was delicious - not the best I've had but up there, bread was warm and fresh) The sampler consisted of a plate of motzarella, sharp provolone, cucumber, tomato, shrimp, and red-roasted peppers all drilled in what seemed to be the same oil mixture as what was given to dip in the bread. The shrimp was delicious and the combination or red-roasted peppers / sharp provolone was great (put it on the bread for a mini sandwich!) I was disappointed with the cucumbers/tomato/motzarella because there was no balsalmic vinegar to contrast the oil flavors. Had there been balsalmic on there, it would've been a home run taste. Presentation was also disappointing - items looked to have been haphazardly placed on the plate and I would've loved more of the cheeses/meats and less of the tomato/cucumbers. 
Salads arrived next (both of us ordered Caesar salads) and tasted great. It arrived after we finished our appetizer, unlike so many places where they just throw everything at you at once - and we appreciated the timeliness of the expeditor. Salad was appropriately dressed and fresh. There was no cheese on the salad but grated cheese you could add yourself on the table - I recommend doing so. Only suggestion would be to add croutons to the preparation!
Entrees were next - I ordered the Chicken Sinatra after very begrudgingly passing on my favorite dish - the Chicken Parm (I saw one come out just after ordering the Sinatra and almost changed the order because it looked so good!) Boy am I glad I stuck with the highly recommended Sinatra - it was FANTASTIC. Chicken cooked perfectly, sauteed in a white wine / garlic sauce and topped with crab meat. By far, a 5-Star dish. I told the server I love vodka sauce and she told me I could substitute marinara for vodka sauce on my side dish of pasta - another excellent recommendation as the vodka sauce was stellar. Portions were plentiful and reasonably priced. The Sinatra was a little more than other dishes but is well worth it! I had to bring some of both the chicken and pasta home with me - and already ate it this morning - delish! 
Partner ordered eggplant parm and was impressed with the taste, portions, and price. He also substituted the vodka sauce and was not disappointed. 
I saw a lot of desert dishes go out and they all looked great but I was too stuffed from the entrees to order any :-( 
Overall, Tuscany was a great night out! Finally - a NE Philly Italian restaurant I can boast about! 
Overall Taste - 4.5/5
Decor / Ambiance - 3/5
Service - 4.5/5
Presentation - 3.5/5Still good food and good byob. Small place that is really loud, not for anyone looking for a quiet night out for dinner.Took my wife here last Friday night. Was very surprised upon entering. Nicely quaint. The staff was very nice the entire time we were there especially the young man waiting on us. My wife had a pasta and red sauce with chicken and broccoli rabe. She thought of her dish as average. I had the special. It was chicken and artichoke hearts over fettuccine with and alfredo sauce. I loved it and would definitely have it again. I recommend stopping in here.Why didn't I come to this place sooner?! It's next to a dingy liquor store but once you're inside, I felt like I was somewhere far away from the dinginess of its next door businesses. The food is fresh and delicious. It's 10x better than Olive Garden. The pictures posted here on yelp due no justice. I think I might go this weekend.. and it's BYOB.I love Tuscany Ristorante. The food is good, and the prices are reasonable. Also, BYOB is always great. The place is small, and it can get quite loud if tables are all seated at capacity.  I don't mind that, and I love the atmosphere in tiny little Italian restaurants.  It's a place to be loud, laugh and enjoy a meal with friends.  If you are looking for a quite, intimate, secluded experience, then this restaurant is not for you.  I've seen them host large parties, but it would be ridiculous to expect a place this tiny to accomodate a reservation for 30 people.  If you are a relaxed and easy-going person, you'll love Tuscany Ristorante.  The negative reviews on here have got it all wrong.Great neighborhood place.  You don't have to go to South Philly for a great Italian meal. Food is excellent and fresh.  Great service and atmosphere.  Prices are very reasonable plus it's BYOB. Only bad point is parking can sometimes be a pain, but worth it.Food is tasteless. Had calamari, it was obviously  frozen and predictable packaged. Had Capilano and sausage, sauce was bland, pasta was overcooked and too much for amount of sauce. Caesar salad was just ok, except the croutons had oregano in them which is a weird taste to have in your Caesar salad. Waitresses were good. Ok ambience for a strip mall to place.Delicious food, great atmosphere, BYOB ! Waitress was friendly. We will definitely be going back again!Cancel That Reservation! 
Scheduled a large party for 30 people 2 months in advance and sent out invitations. The manager called and tried to reschedule the reservation time twice. On the day of the event  he tried to reschedule again, basically told us to take it or leave it making us scramble to relocate the party elsewhere. 
Sorry Tuscany, you lost my business, the patronage of the 30 guests you left stranded and all of their friends and relatives.Excellent place right in my backyard. Nice decor great food salad could be bigger but all food prepared with love.Excellent food, haven't tried a thing I don't like.  You can't beat the prices and the amount of food you get! All I can say is delicious delicious delicious!! Been going here for 2 years and probably 40 times and it's always great. Oh and waitress/waiters are extremely attentiveWent for dinner with my fiancé and we really enjoy the atmosphere. Very crowded but very fast service. My favorite part of the visit was at the end when the waitress ( very friendly) brought a nice tray with a variety of dessert to choose from.We came for NYE and were not impressed. The waiter was really kind and attentive. The food was not good. We had the appetizer sampler which was literally cucumber, tomato, roasted peppers, a few pieces of sharp cheese and fresh mozzarella on a plate drizzled with oil. "... for 12.95! We also got the mozzarella sticks which were definitely frozen. I had the chicken Sinatra and can you say.... bathed in butter and oil? The sauce was supposed to have lump crab meat but it just seemed way too much. Not enough pasta/sauce ratio. Horrible. The waiter offered to get me something else but at that point, I had no appetite. The rest of the table did not seemed impressed with their meals. One had the chicken Oscar which looked good, but she said it was just ok. Another had the pasta with seafood Alfredo that was not good. Our son had the NY strip and it was on the fatty side. We had cappuccino which was very bitter. The chocolate mousse cake was the best part of the meal. We will not be back.We have been going to Tuscany since they opened.   Great consistent food.  The sauce is awesome.  Staff is always friendly.  The owners are so nice.  I usually order chicken parm and I like it with the cheese very well done.  They are one of the few restaurants that get it right.  Portions are large and come with pasta or veggies and a soup or salad.  Also, they are very accommodating. Yes when they are busy it is a little noisy but it is a small restaurant and to be expected.Went there last night for Valentine's Day, the place is cute inside. The people that work there were nice, the waitress was good. They jacked up the prices for Valentine's Day, that was annoying. We got muscles in white sauce, they were delicious. The bread was fresh and warm served with a very good olive oil dipping sauce. my fiancé really enjoyed his lobster ravioli. I got veal Oscar with a side of gnocchi. The gnocchi was delicious. The veal Oscar was in edible. It was honestly one of the most disgusting dishes I've ever had. The veil was so tough, I'm not joking when I say this but I fed it to my dog. It was sitting in a pool of some type of Greece, it was extremely salty. The crab didn't even taste like crab, It didn't have a flavor at all, the greasy sauce was just so overwhelming. It came with dessert, we took home the tirimisu and cannoli. Both were amazing. So essentially my only complaint was my meal. There's a lot of really good Italian BYOB's in the area, I'm not saying I would never go to this one again, but maybe for lunch or something I definitely wouldn't do dinner there again.Wonderful service, beautiful atmosphere, and dishes (penne primavera) and dessert (limoncelo cake) were so fresh and delicious!Had dinner here last night. It was ok for 40 bucks and being for two people. But you get what you pay for. My eggplant parm was complete mush like it was put in a blender. The place was loud to the point where you need to repeat yourself so the person you're with can either read your lips or figure out what you are saying. I'd rather take the trip to South Philly and go to Ralph's.This place was aaaammmmmaaazzzing. It's a BYOB and there is a beer store right next door. So we went in after seeing all the yummy pics on YELP. The waitress was outstanding, the bread warm and toasty. The food was made to order. They accompaniedd my requests. The meatballs where perfect chicken moist. Sauce delicious. Can't say enough great things.I've eaten dinner here a couple of dozen times in the past year or so.
The calamari appetizer is freshly prepared, in a light batter and is tender and tasty, with a delicious, fresh-tasting marinara sauce.  The clams appetizer is served in a wonderful broth that will have you wiping the bowl with bread to get the last of it.
The main course menu is extensive, and everything I have ordered has been fresh and very good.  Each of the different sauces has good body and depth of character that demands to be savored.
On one visit, the caesar salad's dressing was watery, and the clams were rather salty, but that's the only negative experience I've had.
It's BYOB.  The prices are very reasonable, and the portions are large.  Appetizers and dinner for two is $50 or less before tip, and you will probably leave with a doggy bag.  Service is prompt and attentive, without being fawning.
The place is small and crowded and it can be a bit noisy when it's busy, but to me that's part of the fun and it's one of the reasons why I dine here regularly nowIncredible food and Service.  By far the best I have experienced in Philadelphia!  Highly recommend!We eat here at least once a week. The mussels in white sauce are amazing and tender. Bruschetta very fresh and lots of garlic. Food is delicious. Red Sauce very tasty. Their chicken parm with brocolli rab is the best I had outside of South Philly. Great antipasto salad. Good portions. BYOB too. Calamari is tender. Great service!Love this place.  It's a hidden gem of Rhawnhurst. Always good service and yummy food. The pricing is reasonable and it's BYOB! Parking can be a pain (especially with the Ritz Diner accords the street) but it's totally worth it!Yes- it does get loud here but don't let that deter you. Every byob in Philly is small and loud- it's expected!
Service was fantastic, very attentive and the food was great! The ravioli rosa was a crowd pleaser. For the price and quality of food- definitely worth a trip! I would put this place up there with some of my favorite South Philly Italian joints! Any byob is friend of mine.This is the best italian resturant! Foods are tasty and people who work there are nice and friendly.If you're going and not expecting freshly ground pepper, freshly shaved Parmesan etc, freshly made pasta you'll be fine. 
If you're craving Italian food and want nice sized portions at a good price, you'll like this spot. 
Also, it's BYOB. 
They have a downstairs you can reserve for special events, which is perfect for celebrating a birthday etc. 
Lunch specials are ~$10 and portions are HUGE!  I think there were 50 tortellinis in my tortellini toscana. (Though my mom only had ~6 shrimp in her scampi, though there was a lot of pasta). Chicken dishes were huge. 
Salad that comes w dish nothing spectacular (iceberg, cucumber, tomato). 
Bread/dipping oil isn't rememberable either. 
But enough pasta to bring half home. And cool they have lunch specials (Olive Garden took their smaller dinner portions away...)I wasn't sure what to expect when I found Tuscany Ristorante on Yelp. It was located on Rhawn Street in far Northeast Philadelphia, just off the Boulevard, an area not known for haute cuisine. But, we were not that far away and in the mood for an Italian dinner. My uncertainty mounted as I found the last parking spot right in front of the corner liquor store, and rolled up over the curb and sidewalk to park. The dudes out front gave me a glance, like, "What the F *** do you think your doing...?" I pulled my Eagles hat lower over my brow as I got out of the car and gave them a wink. Sometimes being 6'4" is enough for street corner respect or at least a pass. Or, maybe it was just the hat. They had less risky things to do on a Sunday night. 
Anyway, we found our way inside the restaurant and were immediately taken by the white linen, heavy flatware, and polished marble floors. Okay. This wasn't a local pizza joint. These folks were serious about creating an atmosphere of opulence in the middle of this urban jungle. For the most part, they succeeded. 
What was even more pronounced was the fine quality of the food coming from the kitchen. We ordered calamari, roast chicken and rice soup, chicken marsala, chicken francais, a side Caesar salad and house veggies - roasted potatoes and broccoli. One thing was better than the next. 
The squid was nicely deep fried with excellent dipper. They were all rings, without tentacles, which gave the impression they were received that way from the purveyor rather than being sliced in house. Liked them, but would have been better if handled completely by the chef. The soup was excellent - creamy, flavorful with lots of chicken and rice. The Caesar and veggies came with dinner. Both were more than adequate, but small in size and just a solid complement to the stars of the show. 
Tuscany knows from sauces. They did a masterful job on the marsala and francais reductions. The marsala had plenty of chunky fresh mushrooms in a dark marsala wine base. Very nice. The francais was heavy into lemon and white wine with light egg batter coating, in which the thin chicken fillets had been pan sautéed in extra virgin, amply caramelized and set afloat. One of the best things I have put in my mouth this year. Wowee! 
Service was very good. Friendly and casual. Plenty of time between courses, and many stops to inquire of our satisfaction. Dessert looked tempting, but enough was enough. Most surprising was the pricing; reminiscent of the turn of the century. 
Aside from the poor acoustics caused by all the hard surfaces, Tuscany Ristorante was a total win. We will definitely be back.This restaurant was recommended by several of my coworkers. I really wanted to eat in, but because of the COVID pandemic, this wasn't possible. I ordered chicken parmesan, my favorite Italian dish. Long story short it was extremely disappointing. The chicken was borderline flavorless, and the tomato sauce was extremely watered down. It looked like the chef didn't even strain my pasta, it was just placed into the takeout container alongside the chicken which made a watery, reddish sludge at the bottom. The salad the meal came with was fresh at least. It also came with bread, but it wasn't a typical piece of Italian bread, it was more like to slices of wonder bread.  Overall, avoid it!If we didn't go here on Valentine's Day our bill would be $40 cheaper. It's extremely over priced on Valentine's Day. They market a 5-Course meal but it's really 3, appitizer , main, dessert. The main dish on the menu automatically comes with soup or salad, but on this special day they call that another course (what?!?! But it comes with it. If you go there on a normal day this is still true). So what's the 5-course? Coffee/tea?? Or was it the complimentary bread?!? Lol
We ordered one plate of mussels ($9), linguini and mussels ($15) it automatically comes with soup/salad, linguini with clam ($17) it automatically comes with soup/salad, 2 desserts ($6 each), 1 coffee ($2). So on a normal day this would all cost $55. We paid $90. Total scam. Skip this place on Valentine's Day and go there on a regular day. Our server didn't do a great job but he was nice. He didn't speak English well either so maybe that's why he had trouble communicating. 
It's BYOB but if you didn't bring anything there is a beer store right next to the restaurant so you're good. There is seating upstairs and downstairs. I think overall the food was good and if I went NOT on Valentine's Day it would 4 stars. This truly an American-Italian restaurant. Not authentic at all. If you want authentic, this isn't the place.Great meal Excellent service Wife had soup which was delicious I started with the house salad which was underwhelming but the bread was fantastic Main courses Veal and Eggplant Rollatinni plentiful and tasty BYIB a bonus Good valueRecently had a business lunch at Tuscany Ristorante. A great choice for many reasons: nice, clean atmosphere with linen on the tables, the service was good and the food was spectacular. the lunch specials are inicredibly affordable and offer 2x more than a Panera type place. Everyone loved their meal. My dish was Chicken Catherina - roasted peppers, spinach, chicken, mozzarella in a white wine sauce served over penne pasta. Was happy to take the other half home to enjoy it a second time!Went there for a catering event and will never go back. The restaurant itself seemed nice upon arrival, however, the service was horrible and the food was mediocre. Constant attitude from one of our servers and even an attitude when asked if we can change the table cloths after water was spilled on one of the guest by one of the other servers. This is just one case of the attitude we received. Secondly, we waited a good amount of time between courses only for our food to come out cold. For example, my boyfriend's ravioli was cold but the sauce was hot. My pasta from my scampi was also slightly undercooked. I understand what al dente is, but a noodle should not be crunchy!
Lastly, the host paid for everyone to be able to order cappuccinos. However, upon ordering, the same server told me that they didn't do those and only had coffee. It wasn't until the host got up to complain that they magically had cappuccinos.
Overall, will not come again. Food was not great or even warm. Service was subpar.A small restaurant in a storefront with a unique decor. They have original menu items really good Appetizers. I love their lobster ravioli. A great place to go. YeahWho does not love an Italian BYOB? This was my first time here, we were meeting friends for dinner and suggested this place. I am so glad that they did. We went on a Thursday night around 8 pm and basically had the place to ourselves. I love how quaint the restaurant is. We were greeted and sat right away. 
I absolutely loved all of my food. They run a special Monday thru Thursday that includes an app, salad or soup, entree & dessert. I went with the Caprese, it came with large pieces of fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers & tomato slices. I choose a garden salad instead of Caesar. For my main meal, I ordered Penne Puttanesca and subbed the penne for their homemade gnocchi. OMG I could eat this all the time. I loved that they used black olives, red onions, mushrooms and cherry tomatoes. I highly recommend this. All of my friends really enjoyed their meals. 
I upgraded my dessert for the lemon cake but got that to go. Your dessert choices were cheesecake or Tiramisu. 
Service could have been a little better, we constantly had to ask for water refills and up-charged me $5 for the gnocchi when it was a substitute for the penne, however they were more than happy to fix that mistake.This was my first visit . Service was great, waitress was very friendly and efficient, prices were reasonable and the food was very good and the portions large. The bread and salad that was complimentary were fantastic. I had the lasagna which was melt in your mouth . My wife had a pasta primavera which was rich and flavorful. It is a small place but while very busy and packed was not too noisy. Will be returning again and again!Food here is awesome. This place rivals some of the more well known Italian restaurants in philly. The chicken Sinatra was absolutely incredible. I was blown away at how good the food was. It was more traditional style rather than modern. Our server, Len, was great and very attentive. It was also dirt cheap, our dinner for 3 costed us $60. I already know that this is going to be one of my regular dinner spots.Across from the Ritz diner and tucked into a small strip shopping center you will find Tuscany.  A deceptively tiny Italian eatery with a large venue down stairs for parties and events.  We came here after it being recommended by a work friend.  This was one of our first in restaurant visits post COVID. Our party of 4 was seated just at the top of the stairwell that led to the event area below, so despite the place being fairly empty we were passed by quite often as party goers joined the celebration downstairs.
The interior was in sad shape.  The runner carpets were well worn and ripping and the table was wobbly. The bathrooms needed attention and despite being closed for so very long due to COVID one would expect the interior to sparkle.  A good cleaning is needed.
As for our meals.  We aren't talking drop dead delicious, but it is somewhat hard to mess up an Italian dish.  Our servings were plentiful, served hot and in a timely manner.  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  Our visit was enjoyable as we were able eat, drink and enjoy our food out after so many months of take out food!  
A solid 3 stars and we will most likely return, hopefully some updating, cleaning will be addressed and we can bump up those review stars.Amazing food and service. The owner answered the phone hours before they were open and I explained My uncle passed last night and I wanted to send food to the house since I'm living in Florida. This man treated me like family and did everything over the phone with me (custom family style meal) and delivered it himself. I couldn't get Uber or Grub Hub to go to this restaurant and I didn't want cheap food. My family called and said what a nice man and the food was so delicious and plenty of it. I'm overwhelmed of how kind these people are and hope you enjoy their delicious food too. ( Rigatoni with meat sauce, Chicken Marsala, broiled Salmon, fresh bread, salad and saute'd vegetables)