I have been a fan of Joe Scarpone's cooking since his Sovalo days in Northern Liberties and am very glad to see that his excellent way with Italian-style food continues here at Ulivo.
Case in point: the crispy polenta with romesco sauce starter - beautifully fried sticks of coarse polenta that could make a meal in themselves, especially when eaten with a salad such as the heady mixture of radicchio, bibb lettuce, date, pine nuts and pecorino.  A great combination of textures and flavors.
The pastas are uniformly excellent:  feathery ricotta gnocchi with spinach (I would prefer them without the "truffle" butter), tagliatelle with an intense pork ragù, and any of the house-made fresh pastas that rotate on the menu.
I like the porchetta main dish with Tuscan kale and rosemary potatoes and the various fish preparations, e.g. the salmon with farro.
Desserts are hewing close to typical Italian choices, that is, they are a bit of an afterthought:  canaroli rice pudding (delicious), espresso pound cake (good), and olive oil cake (could have a lot more olive oil for my taste).  
Service is friendly and eager to please, I hope that frequent turn-over can be avoided so that the promising serving staff can grow with the kitchen.  The space is a bit awkward and has no features that would reduce the noise level when the restaurant is full. Prices are fair.
In sum - Ulivo is a neighborhood restaurant that I really like and will return to regularly.Before I start, on food alone, I'd give this place 4 stars.  We shared the calamari and fig salad apps, gnocchi and hanger steak mains, and an affogato to finish.  Everything we ordered was tasty and came out quickly.  The portions were big too and we left stuffed.  The pricing was also very affordable.
The service wasn't bad, but wasn't great either.  It took a little while for our server to greet us after we were seated.  We also had to ask for water.  
Otherwise, this is a nice BYOB with great food.  I'd recommend to friends.delicious gnocchi and spinach papardelle, wow!  and the buffalo goat cheese melts in your mouth... 
not your typical south philly italian, more yuppy style atmosphere n menu and very high quality dining experience.A great new addition to the neighborhood.  Always appreciated when a BYO takes both reservations AND credit cards!! I had the radicchio salad and asked them to sub speck for the dates (I don't like sweet in my salad) - this was a great starter.  I then had the gnocchi, this was delicious and I would definitely order again.  Only downfalls, bread plate was less than ample and bring a coat, it was quite drafty!Yum!! Went to Ulivo for a Saturday 8:30 reservation with another couple. We were seated almost immediately.  The appetizers were good, but nothing over the top amazing.  The calamari was a little too heavily fried, but still tasty.  The tomato mozzarella was very good though.  As for the entrees, everyone loved itheirs.  The gnocchis were outrageously good.  Light, but filling.  The other entrees were equally delicious.  Service was good.  Atmosphere was nice as well. Would definitely return.  Price for party of 4, each getting an appetizer and an entree was just under $160.went with friends and had an incredible meal at this place in south philly called ulivo.  i had the chicken with olive and mushroom..very tasty...witha side of kale with onion and raisins...which sounds strange but it was really savory and tasted wonderful. .the dessert! the deserts were this rice pudding with dried fruit...delicious, a rosemary cake that was awesome and a chocolate torte.......they were great.our server was very knowledgable and friendly.  very nice decor...understated, elegant but comfortable.  i would definitely recommend.Decided to venture out into another part of Philly for Valentine's Day. I usually eat in center city more for convenience. This place did not disappoint at all. This place has the feel of a local place bc it's right there on the corner of the intersection right in the Queen Village neighborhood. We were seated very quickly. This place is BYOB, though I'm not a big wine drinker.
Our dinner lived up to the hype. Appetizer was bruschetta which was really good. Our dinners were awesome. My girlfriend had spaghetti with scallions, spinach, and mussels. I had the chicken alla matte with potatoes and zucchini. Portions were perfect. This place was awesomeI can't wait for my next visit.Quick update...instead of responding the the concerns on my review "Cass"'of Ulivo decided to message me and call my review slanderous and then question whether I knew anything about restaurants or Italian food. She finished her message suggesting that someone teach us to rent space when we want a long dinner - "that's what people who can afford it do"
Oh please do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.Wow! This guy knows what he's doing. The 4 of us arrived at 7:00 and found many tables available. By 9:00, the place was packed. The food here is a cut above anything you'll find in the Village or South Philly. And the decor is just beautiful. I see this place as being a "must try" for you gastronomes out there. I'm definitely going back. Plus, it's a BYOB establishment.I dined with 4 other people on a Saturday night. I requested a quieter table and we were given one which is huge (thank you ulivo!) and shows how accommodating this restaurant is. the decor is clean, simple and comfortable and our food was very tasty. i liked that there were a good assortment of things to share as a table, as well as good assortment of items on the menu (varying meats, pasta, salads) to please everyone (often difficult with my group). 
make a reservation, get a bottle of wine and go here!Went here with a group including one wheelchair-bound guest.  Chair accessibility was not ideal, but workable.  Food quality was excellent, with a wide range of appetizers and main dishes.  We brought several bottles of good wine, so the dishes at the end of the evening blurred into each other bit.Philly has no shortage of Italian restaurants, so if you're new in town and offering Italian fare, and a BYOB at that, you better make it and you better make it well.
WIth Ulivo, also comes Monsu, Il Pittore and Alla Spina all in span of six months - lots of Italian cuisine, lots of interpretations and lots of options.  One must stand out.
With the Northern Liberties Sovalo pedigree, the offerings did not disappoint, but they did not sing either.
The space is ample, airy and roomy which is always such a departure from your run of the mill BYO, which I appreciated.  Great place to bring big parties.  Decor is rustic, basic and clean.  Service is friendly but a maybe spread a bit too thin.
As for the food, the cibo, my friends, the food was pretty solid and the portions generous.  Strongest options fiound in the starters and the lone pasta dish, and the best picks being the octopus and fried polenta starters, and as I remember the Sovalo specialty, the most dreamiest gnocchi: a ricotta gnocchi with spinach and black truffle butter - good to share as a starter (because of the richness), but you could definitely spoil yourself by just ordering it for yourself.  That plate alone could elevate Ulivo to four stars, but YELP being YELP we can never give half stars (seriously, I need half stars!!!).
But in all honesty, what prevents me from giving Ulivo a full four stars is for a couple reasons:  first, the desserts are really what sunk the ship for me, both a ricotta cake and an olive oil cake fell totally flat.  Both cakes were dry, crumbly and nearly flavorless, which was not a a nice way to end the meal.  Second, though we were offered a complimentary glass of wine when we waited over 45 minutes after our reservation time to be seated, and though I know it's the nature of the BYO beast, it was a bit frustrating to get such a late start and then feel like we were getting rushed at the end of our meal to leave as we were, evidently, the last table in there finishing up.  Lastly,  the other courses, did not seem to shine as much as the starters and pasta mentioned above - and had they been just as strong and tasty as the others, it might have propelled me into giving Ulivo at least four stars.  
In the sea of Italian offerings, this is just one more sailboat bopping in the water.Wonderful food prepared perfectly. A standout among the slew of italian byos in the city.  Get the gnocchi...seriously.  
Great service.  A bit loud, but it has a vibrant vibe.We ate at Ulivo on Saturday night.  It was really good food and we enjoyed our meals.  The spiced almonds were very spiced, so make sure you like alot of spices before ordering.  The bread that comes with them is delicious.  Also, the sweet corn side is so incredibly good.  I highly recommend.
For entrees I got the Monkfish dish.  I talked to the waitress about this and was telling her how indecisive I was about the Monkfish or the Gnocchi's.  I chose the Monkfish.  I was thinking to go a little lighter rather than a whole plate of pasta.  Well I was sort of wrong because it was a whole plate of pasta with Monkfish mixed in.  Don't get me wrong it was delicious, I was just not prepared for a whole plate of pasta.
The dessert was amazing and all we got was the sorbetto.  
I recommend this place.  Next time I will get the gnocchi's instead as I have heard it is their signature dish :)Had an exceptional meal here last night. 
The bread was way above average. Our server was well versed on the menu and very nice - although service did drop off toward the end of the meal (the place got busy and we couldn't get our server or anyone else to fill our water).
The crispy calamari was great.
We had two of the 3 specials offered (the pork loin cutlets over a seasoned polenta and frisee salad, and dorado over roasted vegs. We also had a side of broccoli rabe that was prepared perfectly. (Note to Ralph's: You could learn from this place how to cook and serve broccoli rabe correctly.)
We decided to get the dark chocolate tort w/ crème fraîche for dessert. It was made in house and was spectacular!
We'll definitely be going back. Surprised Craig LaBan hasn't reviewed this place yet. I would give it a strong two bells. Have to try it 2 more times before I could give it three - but a strong 2 bells is respectful.I can't wait to go back. We had a wonderful dinner. You have to get the truffle butter gnocchi and pork ragu pasta. Best of my life. We had the soft shell crab special which was good, but the pasta is the star of this BYOB. Chocolate torta dessert was out of this world.  Service was cool and calm with great suggestions.Not a great experience. 
"Special" Disappointment
Mahi Mahi with roasted potatoes, fennel and orange. 
Mahi Mahi was raw in the middle, likely frozen orginially. How do I know this? Even though grilled on both sides, the middle of the fish was red/pink,  gelatinous and unappetizing. Sad because the other flavors were great. Not taken off the bill, despite being brought to the attention of the owner.I really don't have much to say that hasn't already been said. They food was delicious starting with the bread and continuing through dessert.  I was there on a Wednesday night and they had a good crowd so it seems like it is probably a good idea to make a reservation. 
My favorite menu item that we had was the ziti with lamb. I didn't order it because I was a little scared of the mint pesto since mint isn't always my favorite ingredient, but it was absolutely delicious. It's not overly minty at all.
The service was what really stood out. The hostess and the waiter and the person filling our glasses were attentive, but not to the point of annoyance. Good, friendly service really means the most and we got it here. 
Although this may be trivial one of my favorite things here was the size of the water glass! I love my water and they serve theirs in large pint glasses so you never have to worry about running out.Ulivo was a pleasant dining experience. Our server was extremely knowledgable about the menu and gave vibrant descriptions. Our menu for the evening consisted of watermelon salad, prosciutto and cured meats, pasta course was tonnarelli and pappardelle, main course black cod and Berkshire pork...all very nice.We ate dinner at Ulivo for an anniversary - in such cases, it's a spoken rule that we're out for a treat, and shouldn't worry about what we're paying out. In the past, this mindset has procured some exquisite plates of food for us, but also some frightening final bills.
Ulivo, a BYOB waiting just around the corner, was a different experience. We waited around a little for our server, a friendly girl named Lacey who was pretty damn busy but doing a good job of hiding it. She popped our bottle of wine and took an appetizer order for what was a tasty, crispy plate of calamari.
We didn't get our entree order in until after we'd taken down half the appetizer, so we had some time to sit and get hungry again. Soon enough, I was given one of the better cuts of skirt steak I've had, with a glorious mess of chilled veggie salad on the side. This was all very delicious, but I was glad I ordered a side of fingerling potatoes as well, or else something would have been missing. My lady's ravioli special was not too heavy and extremely flavorful, and we had plenty on the table to fill us both. For good measure, she put down the bread pudding, and I the chocolate torte for dessert. 
All this plus espressos came to the very excellent price of about $79.50. Service was a little slow but very friendly, and therefore not an issue to us. We were out to enjoy ourselves at a leisurely pace, and did quite well, which I'd most certainly suggest you come here to do too.Great little restaurant on East Passyunk. Went with my parents for dinner and we all really enjoyed our main courses of ricotta gnocchi (must order-little pillows of heaven) and the chicken, which our server suggested. Love that it's BYOB, and service was wonderful. Only complaint was the broccoli rabe was too smokey, tasted burnt, but they took it off our bill, so no harm done. Definitely worth trying, especially for the menu options and affordable prices.four of us went to dinner this past saturday night. . the food was good , ( a little expensive for the amount of vegetables you get as a side dish should be part of the meal. ) our server was informative.but it lacked the good family feeling we use to get when tom and rosanna had their restaurant in there. in the time we were there, we saw mr scarpone come out and talk to one table. plus it is very loud , hard to have a conversation.  maybe , he should try to hang material from the ceiling.  the jenkintown train station had a restaurant in it and it helped buffer the noise.
i wish mr. scarpone luck.Excellent:
Pillowy ricotta gnocchi
Tasty roast pork
Lamb ziti
Service (super excellent)
Okay:
Soft-shell crab
Chocolate tart thing
Decaf espresso
I would come here a million times over and over again. Proper neighborhood resto.Dinner reservation for 5 long-time friends on the Friday after Thanksgiving.  We had a great time and a delicious meal. We shared 3 appetizers and each got an entree.  I thought the portions were perfect in size, although some might say too big?  I thought it was great.Having had a great meal there in the spring, we used Ulivo in June 2012 for our wedding rehearsal dinner, and the experience was outstanding! The management did a great job working with us ahead of time to plan a menu that would feature both seasonal dishes and the house specialities, while all being within our budget.
The service was great! Our waitress remembered us form our brief visit over 6 weeks earlier.
And the food? Truly top notch. The ricotta gnocci is easily the best gnocci I have had in Philly, like little fluffy pillows of heaven. And I've tried a lot of gnocci. The ziti with white beans and lamb, the rosemary cake, and all the seasonal specials: excellent.
We highly recommend Ulivo for anyone looking for a great meal, whether just a regular Friday night, or a special occasion!!We ate here recently with friends and each of us left the place completely satisfied. The quality of the food was very good and the service was friendly and helpful.
What we ate: Beef ragu-filled rice fritters (crunchy outer layer with creamy rice and a flavorful meat center), raddichio salad (dressed lightly and everything fresh), bruschetta, Salmon, pork cheeks (braised - oh, my, I love those cheeks!), bucatini with guanciale, and flat iron steak.
All of the dishes were prepared properly, were tasty, and were sized so that our stomachs were full but not stuffed.
We finished the dinner with rice pudding - a lovely end to this delicious meal.
it's BYOB, which adds to the appeal.Awesome gnocchi but sandy cockles shi**y service...passI'm not sure where to begin.. Having been a Queen Village resident for the past 11 years, I've had my fair share of neighborhood supporting meals.  I definitely have my go to spot that fill the need when in a dinner bind.  A few months ago, my fiance and I decided to try Ulivo as we pass it walking home daily.  Our first meal was truly amazing.  Everything tasted so fresh and delicate and the best part when the check came I was shocked out how reasonable it was.  Obviously being a BYO, I still think it is as good as Amis for considerably less money! We've been back since perhaps 5 or 6 times and it has always been equally as enjoyable as the first time.  Flash forward a few months...
My fiance and I were planning our wedding and because we wanted it to be intimate but also focusing on supporting local businesses we elected to have our ceremony at the Philadelphia Magic Gardens and find a place to rent out for dinner.  We chose Ulivo!  The chef/owner Joe Scarpone is truly and all around great guy. A pleasantly nice person and an amazing chef.  His crew of sous chefs and front of the house staff are so nice and friendly they made everyone feel comfortable on our special day.  We had catered hor d'oeuvres at the Magic Gardens for about 70 friends and family to noss on during an hour cocktail ceremony.  Joe allowed us to make our own menu for the evening comprising of some of our favorite dished we previously had mixed with some of his own additions not on the menu.  For the cocktail ceremony we have mixed cheeses, strawberries wrapped in prosciutto drizzled with reduced aged balsamic, shrimp cocktail soaked in a secret sauce that people couldn't stop commenting on, fresh bruschetta, veggie trays etc.  His crew manned the bar pouring wine and offering beers to our guests.  
As we said farewell to our friends, my wife and our extended families walked over to Ulivo to seriously get our feast on!  We elected for a buffet style for everyone.  Available were bone-in chicken breast, grilled salmon, ziti with fennel, carrots, and sausage, his famous gnocchi, risottos cakes paired with an eggplant puree, roasted potatoes, asparagus, and of course a house salad.
After we all enjoyed a pleasant meal, then came dessert!  We did bring in a small wedding cake to cut from Isgro's but that's only because Ulivo's desserts are amazing themselves.  Hazelnut cake, chocolate tort, anise biscotti, fresh fruit, you name it.  I honestly feel everyone thoroughly was stuffed and enjoyed every bite of their meals.
For our special day we chose Ulivo and they delivered!  Granted I don't expect any of you reading this to rush out and have your wedding at Ulivo, but do treat yourself perhaps on your anniversary or first date to a great meal by Joe and Co. at Ulivo.  You will not be disappointed.  My wife and I hope this place is around for ever so we can head back to celebrate our 25th anniversary.
Thanks to Joe and his crew at Ulivo,
Scott + HollyHad a fantastic meal.  Kids loved it too.
The gnocchi is to die for.  Flat iron steak was good - the potatoes that came with it were amazing.  The ragu got wiped clean as did the spaghetti.  Desserts were good as well - so save room for the gelato and the espresso drink.
And it's a BYOB - definitely going back more oftenI was nervous because the previous reviews were so-so and we were taking a really good bottle of wine. The dinner and experience couldn't have been better except for the loud party nearby. To start, we had the Brussels sprouts and the smoked mozzarella with anchovies. The mozzarella dish was not fishy at all. The anchovy just added depth. my husband made the brilliant decision to have a pasta course. We chose the gnocchi with black truffle oil and spinach. I'm not a fan of truffle oil, so I asked that they go easy. It was amazing!!!! Dreamy, little pillows soft and full of flavor. We each ordered fish. I had the salmon and my husband had the striped bass. Both were fresh and cooked perfectly. Dessert was a cappuccino and  spice cake with orange. Service was prompt and friendly and we can't wait to go back!Gnocchi is the BOMBBBB!! Melt into mouth mmmm we had a LARGE party they were super flexible and accommodating. Love the byo and let us bring in our own desserts very yummy! Brussels sprouts delish. Bathroom is freezing the heat blasts then it's cold otherwise great!My gorgeous man-piece and I went here in October for his birthday dinner (A little late? Maybe.) We literally live right across the street and had been talking about this place since the building was painted and the "Ulivo" sign went up. We'd always been curious. On top of that, every time we walk by the tall, sometimes open, window-doors on the west side of the building...it's always packed! Not a bad sign.
Made our res online that day, got home from work, grabbed a couple bottles of vino and raced across the street. 
We. Could. Not. Wait.
We were seated right away and spoke with our server, Jen, about the nights specials and she offered to uncork our wine and to put my white wine on ice.
We looked over the menu, having already (mostly) made up our minds on what we wanted. (It changed)
I ordered the apple-frisee salad to start and my husband got the mussels. Both were absolutely beautiful. I could eat that salad all day every day and then some.
For our main course, I ordered the spiced chicken alla mattone with a side of the marinated beets while he ordered the flat iron steak and a side of the pappardelle on special that night.
Oh my gaahhhhhhsh! 
We couldn't even look at each other. We were too involved in our plates. I didn't even want to talk to him and it was his birthday. I think I mustered a full-mouthed "How is it?" at some point. He may have replied, I don't know. I was too in love with my food.
The chicken was perfect and moist and spiced and generous!
The beets were to die for. I love beets. But these were out of this world. 
We were undecided on dessert, as they all looked so good, but the cheesecake stood out as something we knew and loved and would thoroughly enjoy. We split a piece. Amazing!! Perfect end to a perfect meal.
And then there's Jen, our server. She was outstanding. It's been a month since we visited and I am still so impressed with how awesome she was and feel the need to bring it up! She's great. Her suggestions were on point and she was incredibly friendly and sweet.
I cannot wait to go back again soon. Especially, because I live so close, I can always smell the food on my way home from my car. 
It's calling me! "Chelsea, you know you want to". Yes. I do.Very affordable for the quality of food. byo makes it even better. the paparadelle with pork cheek wad so good. the gnocchi was good but I can't imagine only getting that because it's pretty rich. the waiter was kind to do half and half so I could try both. my friend had the chicken and the portion was large. the olives were a good choice as wellfood was ok, service was damn slowWe had a private dinner here for about 50 people and it was outstanding.  The owner Joe worked with us on the menu, courses, alcohol, etc.  He was very reachable through email and extremely helpful.  
Food is fantastic, we had polenta cucchiaio and risotto fritters as starters, gnocchi and ziti as pasta, and chicken mattone/short rib/striped bass as entrees.  Got compliments for all, but gnocchi and chicken were my favorites.
Great place for a private event or for BYO on a weekend night.  Recommend.The decor of the restaurant is so adorable and the food was amazing as well. The food tastes very authentic Italian and they offer complimentary bread/olives/roasted almonds. Our server, Jen, made the experience dining at the restaurant unforgettable. She gave suggestions for sides that went well with our entrees and was very attentive to our party of 12!
Love the fact that they are BYOB!What a disappointment! We came in from the suburbs of Philly to meet friends who live in Center City. They really wanted to take us to another restaurant but we insisted we try Ulivo. I am so sorry we did. Upon arriving for our 8:15 reservation we were told they would check on our table. The restaurant while small was barely half filled and there were many four tops open. Still we had to wait about 15 minutes for them to seat us. This was no big deal but we should have know that things were just gonna get worse from here. We waited for about 20 minutes for the waitress to take our order and then about another 20 minutes till bread was brought to our table. At this point we were a hungry group! Salads came out shortly after and were just mediocre, my Caesar salad had no taste...really??? Unfortunately, our entrees did not arrive for a good hour later. Even though we asked the waitress what is taking so long. Her response, "I have no idea". FInally, our meal comes and our dining guest who clearly explained to the waitress that he had a dairy allergy and no cheese should be on his pasta had to send back his pasta with cheese on it! My husband and my chicken looked great but the side of asparagus we ordered was never delivered, instead the waitress gave him cauliflower. So...she took back our guests pasta and said a new one would be ready in 4 minutes, NOT! And returned with asparagus for my husband. At this point we were so over this meal and she shows up with our friends pasta and we ask for the check. They did take his pasta dish off the check but that was the least they could do. They never offered us any dessert as an apology or anything. We came to this restaurant because we use to love Savolo this chef's last Northern Liberties gem. What a shame he is missing all the ingredients in Ulivo that Savolo excelled at. We won't be returning and hope that the staff learns how to be inviting to their guests and the kitchen can turn out a simple two course meal in less than 2 hours.BYOB - that's a positive; Fresh pasta - 'nother positive; unobtrusive, very good service - one more positive; tables too close - NEGATIVE (I didn't want to hear the fight about why somebody wouldn't go to dinner w/other somebody's parents). I'll go back definitely - - - - -  but maybe with earplugsI had the sea bass. It was pretty good, nothing amazing. We had kale and brussel sprouts which were pretty good. Good seasoning. Well cooked. I think the price is set pretty accurately for the food that is served. The service was friendly and knowledgeable. I usually try to not go to the same restaurant twice within a few months, but I will definitely be back. Great addition to the neighborhood.Everything at Ulivo was delicious! I loved the food and the atmosphere was great. I am sad that most of the reviews on here say it was only so-so, because that is definitely NOT true. 
Dishes my boyfriend and I had: butternut squash risotto and three cheese ravioli in a mushroom cream sauce.
We decided to just go for those because it's what we were in the mood for. We weren't particularly hungry but by the end of the meal both of us had cleaned our plates completely. The ravioli was delicious, but the butternut squash risotto was even better! Loved it with the goat cheese.
Lastly, the lovely hostess, Casey, was super-awesome. I would definitely recommend anyone looking for a nice dinner to come here.We had a great New Year's dinner here. The four of us shared an antipasto followed by gnocchi before our entrees. Gnocchi and lamb dishes were our highlights. Will definitely return!Ok I normally don't review places after only going a single time, but I really liked Ulivo. I had avoided it because I had such a bad experience at the previous spot at the same location. Ulivo is light years better. I showed up with wine and no reservations. Even though it was pretty busy, we were seated within 5 minutes. 
Our server was very attentive and actually a lot of fun. I had the all'amatriciana and it was fantastic and the portion size was perfect for me. The desserts looked great but I just just couldn't fit any more.
I am definitely looking forward to going back.After several months away, we returned to find Ulivo changed for the poorer.  Everything was decidedly mediocre and not thoughtfully prepared -- with one exception.  Portion sizes on the salads and soups were quite small for the prices and the "special" pork ragu, which was to be braised pork shoulder, was nothing more than stringy and tough cuts of pork thrown over pasta.  The once ethereal ricotta gnocchi were served luke warm on top of watery tomato sauce. The side dish the waiter forgot to order was delivered late having obviously been put on too high heat and rushed out.  The one bright spot was the zucchini cake.   We can only conclude that the chef has changed in the interim.You BETTER have a reservation, even if it's at 6pm on a Friday & the place is completely empty or you'll be turned away!
This really bothers me because as someone that lives literally five minutes away from this place, you would think they would want to do locals right. Repeat business is what keeps places like this afloat during the off-season. 
Granted, they really have no way to tell that one is local, but I showed up there...starving... on a Friday at 6pm. The restaurant was COMPLETELY EMPTY less ONE table (that includes no one at the bar) at 6pm and I was turned away saying, and I QUOTE: "We are all booked up." 
Really? Like 200 people are suddenly going to come rushing in at all once in the less than forty five minutes it would take for me to chow down? I find that very hard to believe. 
The hostess was extremely haughty. This could be that I don't "dress like I have money," but booooooy oh booooy did they miss the mark on that one. You can't judge a book by it's cover. 
The whole thing put me off soooo much that I will NEVER eat there. EVER! I'd rather go to 10 Arts inside the Ritz-Carlton because, at least then, even dressed casually they are always welcoming and ready to serve their guests. 
Disgusted by this place. BIG TIME!
On the upside, it DID look beautifully decorated inside, but I wouldn't really know, because I wasn't allowed in.My husband and I went there with another couple last night. I really liked this place. The ambiance is elegant yet unpretentious. The food was very good. We tried out 4 appetizers - the chicken liver crostini, calamari, kunik, and salami. All were delicious. My favorite was the salami. For the main course I had the Berkshire pork chop and hubby had the gnocchi.  Being more of a meat person, I preferred my dish  but hubby relished the gnocchi. Dessert was a bit of a downer. I tried the dark chocolate torte with hazelnut cream. It was a little too sweet, in my opinion, and not quite dark enough. A friend tried the almond cake and liked it very much. I would definitely give this place 5 stars if I had liked the dessert more. Will definitely be back.Such a great spot. I've been here twice, both with big groups, and the service is great even for large parties. We've tried arancini, bussels sprouts, crispy polenta, and orrichiete and everything was so fresh and flavorful. Sizable portions and DELICIOUS gelato/sorbet to finish. Great meal from top to bottom.Ulivo quietly, without high-profile fanfare, goes about its business of providing top-notch cuisine. I and family have been going there since it opened, approx. twice per year, and have consistently had memorable meals. We went yesterday evening, and the ricotto gnocchi were superb, and the fried polenta with pepper relish was shared and fully enjoyed by all. The cheese plate (incl. gorgonzola dolce, pecorino and fig compore), ravioli agnolotti and rigatoni ragoti were consumed with a 2007 Perusso Barolo. A dessert must-try is the affogato. On the basis of this consistent excellence, I am compelled to give Ulivo 5 stars. Bravo Ulivo!What a cute place with great service! Byob. Try the bruscheta, peaches and ricotta, Yummmm! Great quality pasta with tasty sauces as well. We tried the bucatini and the sauce was just spicy enough.I was very pleasantly surprised with this restaurant.  It's clean, the tables are not too close together, you can actually hear the convo that is being had at the table (unlike so many other restaurants that are so loud), the food is excellent, and it's a BYOB.  I would recommend the short rib dish and the gnocchi entrees.  Oh- and I liked our waitress.  I couldn't pronounce a couple things on the menu and she helped me in a normal way.  Not like the waiters who try to correct you and give you the eye like they are so much more refined than you, and then you have to give them the all knowing eye like "you are the one waiting on me and you make like $15 an hour" look.  I was happy that it didn't have to go down because I hate showing someone their role when I'm at the dinner table!Debated 4 stars here, but if I compare it against what I consider somewhat similar places down here (August, Kris) who I gave 4 stars Ulivo just isn't in that same class.
I'll get the bad out of the way first.  Grilled octopus appetizer.  I always try to order octopus.  Partly because I know it is a challenge to prepare thus a good indicator of the kitchen.  The upside with octopus is very high, the downside very low.  And paired with something as strong as grapefruit?  Damn, if they pull this off I will give them huge props.  They didn't.  At all.  Octopus was very chewy, sinewy and the grapefruit overpowered everything.  It was bad.  Luckily the rest of the meal didn't follow suit but see how I gave this appetizer it's own paragraph?  Yeah, that should tell you something.
My girlfriend had an app that was on special that night, a foie gras arancini.  It was really, really well done.  I only had a bite but she loved it and my bite was thoroughly enjoyed.  For main course she had the gnocchi.  Wow.  Think I could've eaten it with a straw it was so light.  Some of the best I've ever had.  Too much truffle oil?  Probably, but whatever.  I had a special pasta on the menu with pulled lamb and I forget what else.  I thought it was good, large portion but not in the class of her gnocchi or arancini.
Service was very, very good.  Engaging, attentive but not intrusive.  Just what it should be.  Overall a 3.5 but that octopus really killed it for me.This is one of our favorite casual BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia.  We have dined here twice.  Wonderful fresh food, and friendly and attentive service.  Specials are always changing and there is always something new on the menu.  Wait staff is very down to earth and knowledgeable about the dishes.  Overall a very pleasant experience at a reasonable price.Easily one of the best byo's in the city.  We went here on a dead night which can be good or bad, but this time definitely seemed like a bonus.  The typical italian antipasta-primi-secondi menu rules here so you have some options depending how hungry you are.  
We chose to share antipastas and pasta dishes and get our own secondis.  Every app and pasta we got was fantastic,  I don't think there was a single complaint about them from anyone at the table.  Our second courses (the meat dishes) were a little hit or miss but nothing was sub par and nothing was outstanding.  I almost wish we had just ordered another round of pasta dishes ... maybe next time.  
Desserts were a little limited but we ended up getting just about all of them and sharing ... they were all quite good but nothing was out of this world.  Our service was perfectly timed and all around pretty perfect.  Although since there were only 2 other seated tables this may have added to our experience.
  At first glance you may be thinking oh great another italian BYO but you'd be wrong, this is definitely one of the best italian places in the city.  We have already set a date to go back and I suggest you do the same (or your first date if that happens to be the case :)Would say 3 1/2 stars for this BYO.
The special soup of the day was hot , well seasoned, and creamy. I forget , but I think it was asparagus. The marinated anchovies were a couple white anchovies with a small salad. While it was good, I thought it was a little small on the anchovy portion.
I also tasted anchovy the rest of the night. Judging by the orders of calamari that went by, I think I would have been better off ordering that, as it looked very light and crisp.
The Monkfish was a decent portion with limas and spring peas. The dish was good, but again the portion was on the small side. The best suggestion from the waitress, who was very nice, was to order 2 small plates of the pastas. The gemelli with pork belly was my favorite. Great taste and the pasta was cooked to perfection I also had the gnocchi was good, not sure it was as good as Cucina Forte. but hard to compare.
You can tell the pasta is made in house and not frozen.
Desserts are very limited. 3 items are lacking for a restaurant like this.
Service was very good, parking is where you can find it on the street and they take everything but Discover. I thought the prices were moderate.
Like I said, the protions are a little small and the lack of desserts keep me from giving this a 4 star.This restaurant is simply incredible. It is hard to out into words how great this experience was here. From the moment we walked in, the staff was friendly and welcoming. The ambience is very cozy and the decor is simple yet very detailed; which is very complimentary of the food. Our waiter was the best waiter I have ever had serve me, and I wish I remembered his name so that I could add it in! He was very knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food, and made the perfect recommendations for us. 
As far as the food goes, I don't believe I will ever forget eating this meal! I started with the endive salad, which included dates and Gorgonzola cheese. So simple, fresh and very tasty. For the pasta dish, my boyfriend and I shared the gnocchi ricotta which is had made and served in a truffle oil sauce. WOW - this gnocchi is hands down the best in Philly. It literally melts in your mouth and the sauce is so perfectly balanced. As a main meal I had the chicken dish, which I was skeptical about trying since chicken is not always the best option to choose when eating out. The server reassured me that it was a great choice so I went for it. I'm so happy I did. It comes over a bed of some sort of Italian cous cous like starch. and is topped with caramelized onions. So delicious! To top it off, their coffee is amazing; I'm confident enough to say its one of the best espressos in the area (they serve illy coffee). 
In short, GO HERE and be blown away by everything a dining experience has to offer. They seem to have everything so well managed and make it look so easy, from the moment you walk in until the moment you leave..What a nice place.
Started with grilled octopus that was cooked very well, then had half order of gnocchi and shared the cauliflowers side dish that was extremely tasty.  the waitress forgot about my salad, but they were very busy that night, so no biggie.. everything was really good, beside the dessert.. Im not sure if its a new thing or what, but I did not have a good dessert in this city in a while!!!I loved dining at Ulivo.  It was the quintessential BYOB experience you crave when going out to eat in Philadelphia.  The service was spot on and knowledgeable.  My girlfriend and I split the arugula salad to start which they plated to share.  I had the tonnarelli with crabmeat which was a perfect portion and had a nice spice.  My girlfriend got the penne with mushrooms which was delicious.  We also shared the corn polenta which the waiter somewhat undersold to us but turned out to be fresh and light.
We ended up sharing the zucchini bread with lemon zest which was a huge slice and we didn't even finish it.  It was very moist and fresh.
We closed down the restaurant while the older diners slowly trickled out.  I would definitely return to Ulivo and try a different pasta dish (and bring even more wine).  I love that they take credit cards too.  Great neighborhood spot!After an underwhelming experience at Amis, what a nice change. Everything was delightful. The ricotta gnocchi are as good as they get, my slow-roasted pork shoulder was flavorful and tender, my wife's pasta with pork ragu was great. Even the ice creams (mokka and vanilla) were the perfect end to a memorable meal. 
Maybe the decor and service are not as snazzy as Amis but who cares? The food is much better, and that's all that matters.
They are BYOB but not cash only (take that, Cochon!).Where do I start regarding this NIGHTMARE? So about 2 1/2 weeks before my 30th birthday, my boyfriend made reservations for 10 people based on the good reviews on here. 
More of my friends wanted to join the dinner party so about 12 days before the actual date- my bf attempted to modify the reservation to add 7 people and was told that this was impossible to do and the reservation would have to be moved from 8:15 to 9pm to accommodate everyone. Now this would have been understandable if they didn't also have a 10 person table reservation open on open table for 8:30pm the same night (so a 15 minute difference from the reservation we already had and the second one we booked). He was told that they usually try to take larger parties either in the beginning of the night or the end. Ummm...on what planet does a restaurant who takes reservations not accommodate a large reservation if they have the available space on a Saturday night? Odd. 
So finally after 3 phone calls attempting to get our reservations set- we finally get our reservation for 17 people for 8:45 (because obviously 15 minutes makes such a huge difference esp. with a byob- sarcasm intended). What a hassle. 
The day of the dinner party brought some of the worst weather the area has seen all year so many of my friends who were traveling from various areas were unable to make it. My boyfriend phoned the restaurant earlier in the day and gave them a heads up that there might be less people than originally expected because of the weather and he was told that we might be charged for the extra seats. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Absolutely ridiculous. 
Fast forward to the dinner- a small group of us walk in together on time to an almost completely empty restaurant (not surprising given the treacherous weather) and we are met with a blank stare from the hostess. No "Hi how are you guys tonight?" No "Are you here for the party or meeting people here?" Nothing. Good thing my one friend was already seated so we knew where to sit.  
Ok on to some of the RUDEST service I have ever had in Philadelphia that I can remember. The server approaches our table gruffly and her sour attitude is immediately noticed by the entire table. (I'm sorry does our sheer presence here annoy you?!). 
Way to put a damper on the mood. She tries to convince us to go for a family style selection which is "ideal for large tables". Did I mention that we are now 8 people? Since when is an 8 top considered a large group? We politely decline and order appetizers and entrees individually instead. Nothing on the menu is explained to us at all so when the $12 mozzarella appetizer comes out, the tiny portion of one slice of Mozzarella is sort of shocking. Delicious but overpriced for the portion.
We are periodically brought out bread and olive oil- which is wonderful but only a relatively small bread plate for 8 of us when it would have been easily remedied by bringing two plates of bread out (keep in mind the restaurant was almost completely empty so this can't be chalked up to busyness). Several times we had to ask for our wine bottles to be opened and were met with some attitude- I have never had this problem at any of the other byobs in the area EVER, in fact quite the opposite. 
The gnocchi I had was very good and most of the other guests seemed to enjoy their other dishes so two stars for the food alone. 
Oh and let's not forget the automatic gratuity that was added into the bill- 20% for some of the sourest, snottiest service  I've ever experienced. I was a server for 12 years at various different restaurants so I'm an extremely generous tipper if the service warrants but this was one of the only times that I was actually livid that I had to pay an auto-grat. 
I was so embarrassed that we had chosen this place with so many other fantastic options in the area like Cucina Forte  (which is a smaller byob but with equal if not better food and FAR more friendly and accommodating). 
NEVER AGAIN and I will be warning all my friends in the neighborhood to steer clear until they get their service act together. Very unfortunate.Looking for a place to accommodate a large dinner party  for a birthday celebration and Ulivo came through my mind.  I had passed this place many times before and I finally had a chance to stop in.  I quickly reserved a table for 10 on opentable and later asked to amend the reservation when I had a final headcount (17).  The hostess/server was somewhat helpful, however we had to bump back the dinner time, which was not that big of a deal.  Unfortunately that evening saw a snowstorm move in that put our total dinner reservation to 8, which I kept updating the restaurant throughout the night.  When arriving, the place was pretty empty, pretty standard for a snowy evening, however, we were hardly welcomed warmly by the hostess and the server seemed very annoyed that we didn't want to go with the recommended family style type dinner.  Everyone wanted to do their own thing and we weren't worried about prices.
The food was lackluster.  It wasn't terrible, but it did not deserve the rave reviews I have read previously.  The mozzarella di bufalo was way too small for the price suggested and the gnocchi was just ok.  I've experienced and worked in restaurants where dishes are small and prices are high, but the quality is always there to fill the gap.  This was not the case.  Furthermore, while service was not horrendous, it was hardly professional and rather disappointing.  I understand the weather and us being a later table was hardly something they wanted to deal with, but I felt like we were constantly bothering them when we had to ask any server for something.  Our table was hardly demanding and there was no oversight as to how the table was doing.  Because of the lack of oversight and since Ulivo is a BYOB, and we had to scavenge for someone to open the wine multiple times.  Overall, I will keep to passing this place on purpose.
Ambiance is nice and the space is large; other than these benefits, not much else going on.We ate here when it was new and had a great experience.  Excellent service and delicious food. We recently went back , around 7:40 at night and with half the restaurant empty, they had no reservations until after 9. Don't know what they are doing turning away business. We will not be returning.I live in the neighborhood and couldn't resist checking this place out after walking through all of the delicious smells emanating from their kitchen so many times. The experience did not disappoint. The food was as good as it smelled and the atmosphere is very inviting. They also seem to host a lot of bridal & baby showers as well as rehearsal dinners. Seems like the perfect space for them all, especially during nice weather when the big window/doors can be open to the sidewalk.Tried to eat here two times and turned away without reservations.  Third time, a weekday, was the charm.  
Had the arancini to start - delicious.   For my main course, a special; tuna with diced red pepper and spinach over rigatoni with olive oil, lemon and garlic.  It was light and delicious.     I also tried the gnocchi and I'm getting those next time.   They were unlike any gnocchi I've ever had - melt in your mouth.
For dessert we shared the rice pudding with nuts and fruit - it was perfect.  Also, a dark chocolate torte with orange tarragon sauce - yum.  
Thought the wait staff was pleasant and loved the atmosphere and the space.     I would recommend Ulivo.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by Ulivo. Having great Italian food next door to us, it's hard to try a new Italian place, but we heard good things about this place.
We got reservations relatively easily (I think because of the holiday weekend) and sat down to a lovely atmosphere. Our waitress (can't remember her name, but she had pink hair). Was very nice, attentive, and knowledgeable. 
For appetizers we ordered the buffalo mozzarella and the prosciutto dish. Both were fantastic, but we preferred the mozzarella. It was extremely fresh and the flavors paired well together.
We both ordered pasta for the main meal. He ordered the gnocchi (supposedly some of the best around) and I ordered the special. Mine was the clear winner. It was a rigatoni with a brown butter and sweet corn sauce with chanterelle mushrooms. I could have eaten 3 servings of that. The gnocchi was good as well, but couldn't compare to how fantastic my dish was.
For dessert we shared a blueberry cake with a coconut crème. The cake tasted like a blueberry muffin (in a good way!) and I think I could have drank a cup of that coconut crème. 
Overall we had a very nice meal and it was pretty affordable as well. I think if we had gone for "main" dishes, we would have spent a bit more, but we are pasta people to begin with.I usually dislike eating Italian out.  Despite not being Italian myself, I find that I am a competent enough cook that what I make at home usually far outshines the slapped-together fare found at most Italian places.  This place, along with Vetri and Modo Mio, are starting to make me change my mind.  There is no way I could create gnocchi as air light as the ones I had at Ulivo.  Every part of the meal was simple, but outstandingly well prepared by a chef who was a craftsman.  Highly recommend.It's hard to say, friends. Is it fair to review a restaurant within a week of their opening? While I give this BYOB three stars, I do think it has potential to be a four-star establishment. 
Our hostess, Simone, was extremely sweet and helpful. She set up our table (we had made a reservation) and we were seating within just a few minutes of arriving. While we did have to wait a bit for wine/water glasses, we were given baskets of foccacia and small dishes of olive oil immediately. Foreshadowing, perhaps: even the servers knew the food was going to take a long time. 
I ordered the gnocchi and a side of kale. Zack ordered the spaghetti and arugula salad. Jim ordered the salmon. Becca ordered the ravioli, as did Brian. 
We ate our bread, poured our wine and waited...for almost an hour. Our server brought us more bread, and spiced almonds to hold us over, which was nice. I hold nothing against the folks at Ulivo for taking such a long time with the food. Again, they had been open for a week. 
Our server came out to tell us that there was only enough ravioli left for one order, and so Becca and Brian decided to split it, along with an entree dish. "Surprise us," said Becca. The server chose the steak. Nice.
My gnocchi, however plentiful (there must have been at least 20 on my plate for a whopping $14), was not particularly flavorful. They were mushy, and I had a hard time tasting the truffle oil. My side of kale was sauteed with onions and yellow raisins and yeah, it sounds a little odd, but it was delicious. 
Zack's plate of spaghetti ($12) was bigger than his head, and he devoured his salad. The steak got rave reviews, as did the ravioli (though there was a complaint that they were barely stuffed) and though Jim loved his salmon, there was no side. Even the steak came with fried potatoes. The $19 salmon entree was just a filet of salmon. That's it. Jim wasn't too happy about that one.
Inside, there are high ceilings and crown molding and soft, warm, green tones. I liked the atmosphere but Ulivo still has a few kinks to work out for sure.We had been meaning to get to this welcome new addition to QV and finally did last night, with friends in from CA.  We had an all around great dining experience.  Atmosphere very comfortable and simply, but stylishly designed.  Great use of a very irregularly shaped space. Staff could not have been more pleasant and accommodating while at the same time genuine and not a hint of phony waitstaff-speak. 
Four of us had first and main courses and deserts. All were delicious and in perfect portion sizes. Hint from the staff was that the pasta dishes could also be had in half sizes as first courses.  Two of us had them and loved both.  Menu had just the right amount of choices, not overwhelming nor sparse.  Fav was the pan fried crispy flattened chicken and pasta with lamb sausages and tomatoes.  
A perfect new addition and a BYO at that. Reasonable prices.  Four people with three courses each with tax and 20%+ tip was $175.  What we used to pay for two at James..... LOLWent with a group of friends for New Years. Our group was able to try most of the menu and everything was fantastic. Octopus app was great, nice and tender. The gnocchi with truffle oil was very nice, the quote for that dish was "I wish I had 3 plates of this for my dinner!". Osso Bucco and Salmon were hits as well. Risotto with quail was good. 
The sides we tried were great, potatoes were very tasty,  brussel sprouts were good. I was supposed to share the beets with the table, they were so good nobody else got a bite!
Service was great, very attentive and made good suggestions. I highly recommend this restaurant and will be visiting again. (if return visits are as good as the first, I will probably upgrade to 5 star rating, I want to be sure of consistency before doing so).We were invited here by family for a birthday dinner and the experience was horrible. 
When we arrived the hostess just stared at me. I saw the coat rack and hung up my coat and then walked myself to the table. Kind of how I do things at home when I'm not paying to be greeted and "hosted".  
I sat down and we were waiting for one other person. If the restaurant was full I would understand pushing us to order but we were the ONLY table in there at the time.  The guest of honor asked the server to give us a few minutes. She came back 90 seconds later and said to us - "ok. What does everyone want?" Her "I am in Philly and you people obviously don't live in the city so I'm better than you attitude" was written all over her sourpuss face. 
I asked a question about what "pomarola" is ... I lived in Italy for years, worked in a restaurant there and NEVER heard of this word before. Her response - a snarky giggle and "its a chunky tomato sauce. With vegetables in it. You'll like it". 
My bro-in-law asked the server to make a recommendation btw two dishes and her response - "either. There are both good". Wtf? This is a pet peeve of mine - it is your JOB to help us navigate the menu. I can write down dishes and walk plates to the table myself. 
The highlight was the actual food - good portions and yummy. Good gluten free and vegetarian options. 
The meal ended and you would have thought that the restaurant was packed with a line of people waiting at the door. We were visiting with our relatives and enjoying our wine after dinner while they brought the bill and cleared the table. The ENTIRE TABLE including my wine glass that I was drinking from and a bottle that still had 1/4 left in it. We were not disruptive, loud or anything more than a civilized groups of adults ranging from 30-68 who were spending 10-15 min post dinner catching up. It was OUTRAGEOUS that they would do this. 
I would steer clear of this place unless they clear out the front of the house and replace with new people. If I want to hang around snobs who treat you poorly, I certainly don't want to PAY for it. 
Do yourself a favor - go to one of the other amazing BYOs in Philly where the service and food is sure to beat this place.Probably the best BYOB in Philadelphia. I eat here as often as I can afford, and always get the steak and there incredible gnocchi. The service is super friendly, and the space is really pretty. If you go on a weekend, sometimes you have to wait past your reservation time and it's kind of loud, but of the dozen or so times I've been there those are my only complaints. HIGHLY recommend!Hands down "THE BEST BYOB" in Philadelphia.
My only problem is that it's become too popular and reservations are a must!
Amazing!I'm not one to place a heavy emphasis on my birthday mostly because it falls between Thanksgiving and Christmas and growing up meant that when birthday parties really started to mean something (middle school/high school) that I had to be conscious of friends budgets drawing near to the holiday season. With that mindset in place, I've never gone out of my way to plan anything extravagant but have always valued great friends around a table sharing wine and having a few good laughs. The last two years I have booked a table in my neighborhood at Ulivo because not only is it close, but their food is great, they're BYO, and they've always been more than accommodating. 
Last year my lady loves and I kicked off the evening around the corner at Lacquer Lounge for a little pampering and boozing before dinner and finished the night at Ela so truth be told, most of dinner and onward was a blur. This year however, turning 30 meant having a bigger dinner with more friends and given that this would be taking place the Sunday after Thanksgiving, needed to find a restaurant that could seat us all and be flexible on the menu. After a few calls to other neighborhood restaurants I realized that it was going to be a challenge finding a spot that had availability for close to 20, but that also didn't demand us to participate in a multi-course tasting menu. My friends are not cheap by any means and would have made the table worth their waiters while, but that was not my decision to make and so at the last minute I decided to give Ulivo a shot to do a 29th birthday remix. 
When discussing options with the restaurant on how to handle a party of 18 they suggested doing family style appetizers and an abbreviated entree menu. My only requests were that the (excuse my french) bomb ass gnocchi with truffle butter made it onto the menu, as well as the hanger steak because many of the guys are strict carnivores; all was taken into consideration and we arrived at 6:00 to a menu that showcased 5 appetizers including: a raddichio and apple salad that even my boyfriend ate (an absolute shock), fresh mozzarella with roasted peppers, a salumi/cheese board, loads of olives and spiced almonds, breads and olive oils, and orrechiette with a delicious lamb ragu. My only complaint on appetizers was that the lamb ragu came on one plate for each of our two tables as opposed to the three or four for every other appetizer. With the pasta only on the one plate and no notice from the servers that this was the only dish not to be served in multiples, not everyone had the chance to try it. I guess that's a small price to pay, they didn't seem terribly upset by it, but I still would have liked for them to have had their share. Dinner options were their gnocchi with truffle butter and spinach, I want to say striped bass with maitake mushrooms but I could be way off (I only tried the mushrooms off of Aaliyah P's plate and they were delicious), their well known chicken alla matone (though I don't think anyone ordered it), and a hanger steak with crispy potatoes. I honestly think that 14 of the 18 in attendance ordered the gnocchi and no one was disappointed.
Dinner was capped off with orders of sorbet and coffee, they serve ReAnimator a local favorite in Philadelphia, and everyone left with full stomachs, happy wine buzzes and I got exactly what I wanted....my favorite people around two big tables at a nice neighborhood BYO. Thanks Ulivo for doing birthdays right two years in a row!This is a great little byob in queen village. The pastas are so good and filling. Gnocchi was fluffy and had a delicious truffle sauce. Can be a little loud when it's filled with diners, but on a weeknight it's quiet and cozy. Staff has always been nice and attentive.We were blown out here.  Just what we'd want to experience from good food, excited about the flavors and the creativity of the dishes.  Go, it's yummy.A pretty nice Italian spot just across the street from Cochon. Staff was very friendly. The atmosphere was nice but a little strange to me because there was no music. The noise permeating the restaurant was just the hum of people's conversations.
The food was pretty good. The mozzarella & the olives were great appetizers. Really love the olives though -- they had some kick, and they came with some roasted almonds and really good bread.
Tried the gnocchi for a primi dish. Gnocchi was cooked perfectly, but wasn't the biggest fan of the preparation. I'm more of a red sauce person, but I think this was a truffle oil preparation. 
I really liked the pork chop with the smoked pancetta vinaigrette. Pork on pork is always good in my opinion.
Loved the dessert. The dark chocalate torta with hazelnut crema was spectacular.
This place is BYOB If you bring beer, they'll store the bottles in the fridge for you.Ulivo was a delightful surprise.  A friend who lives in the neighborhood took two of us there for dinner on a Monday night - nice to find a restaurant open on Monday- and everything on the menu looked good.  We had salads and the Brussels sprouts to start.  The Caesar salad had a tad too much dressing, but the radicchio and Bibb lettuce salad was perfect.  The Brussels sprouts, cooked with balsamic and pancetta, were tiny and tender and tangy.  We all ordered the tagliatelle with pork-  rosemary ragu and shaved parmesan,  but all of the entrees looked tempting.  It was delicious, and for the dieter in the group they were kind enough to serve a half portion.  Prices are very reasonable, ranging from $14 for spaghetti alla carbonara to $23 for mahi.  A starter of garlic olives and spiced almonds is only $5.  Since it is a BYO, this makes for a very reasonably priced dinner in the city. The coffee drinks we had, lattes and and cappuccino, were delicious.  The service was informed, professional and friendly and we were never hurried.  The check did not arrive until we had clearly finished our coffees and conversation.  I heard it gets busy on the weekend, so first try a weekday night when you want a lovely meal that does not break the bank.Closed permanently. 
http://mobile.philly.com/blogs/?wss=/philly/blogs/the-insider/&id=296630101Very nice restaurant with the quintessential Philly byob ambience. My wife and I started off by splitting the ricotta gnocchi in truffle oil. It was the best part of the entire meal. The ricotta gnocchi were light and soft. We had the pan roasted trout and yellow fish tuna entrees. The trout was very good. It was served in a very tasty vinaigrette. However, I didn't care for the yellow fish tuna. It was pretty tasteless.Don't order the risotto. Get the gnocchi if you can. Not ideal location for gluten free diets.We live around the corner and have been there 4 or 5 times, with our kids.  The place is a welcome addition, nice enough decor and ambiance.  BYO is a plus of course.  The service has generally been good and the staff has been accomodating with respect to the little ones.
The food is good, very good sometimes but not spectacular.  The flattened chicken though is the best chicken dish I have ever had and I would come here just for that.  Pasta dishes are also very good, the bolognese dish is superb and filling.  The kids love the steak.
It ends up being fairly expensive for what it is, tonight the check was $100 for one salad, steak, chicken, pasta dish, one side (cauliflower) and 2 sorbets.
It would be nice if they added a few specials to mix things up a little for the regulars.
We will keep coming because it's a nice place in the neighborhood which accomodates kids and is pretty good, oh, and the chicken is spectacular.Ulivo was bookmarked after Allison B's gave it 3 stars after dining within the first week of this place being open. I must say its still only good for 3 stars based on my dinner here this past friday night. Our server was super sweet but lacked a little basic knowledge of service ....  like bringing water to the table, sugar for coffee that type of thing. I must say the menu on paper makes sense but once you sit down things getting a little hairy. We as a table shared the gnocchi (BEST DISH ), a few people got salads and pretty much everyone ordered pasta. The Ziti was the most popular dish ordered and the overall response was that it was just OK. I opted for the linguine with crab and arugula. There wasn't really alot of crab in the sauce but the pasta was cooked perfectly.The leftovers made for a great sunday night supper.
Come here order the gnocchi you won't be disappointed.
This place is BYOB and they take cards ...