Good vibes, coffee, and a variety of books not always found on the shelves of the mainstream stores. Employees and patrons are kind and help perpetuate the enticing mood of the space. Perched in historic Old Germantown, Uncle Bobbie's is a must visit while in Philadelphia.I went here on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was friendly even though it was crowded. I had my 5 yr old with me and he was playing a math game and one of the male patrons started helping him he seemed to be maybe a teacher the way he was breaking it down to him. I ordered a Banana latte they were out of Almond milk and i cant drink whole milk so i opted for Soy. The drink was amazing but I know now soy doesn't agree with me lol. 
I ordered a veggie sandwich which was grilled on the panini press honey best veggie sandwich hands down in philly that I have had. Now lets get to the never ending sea of black books it was amazing and the kid section omg listen im here for Uncle bobbies being my one and only coffee shop.I came by mainly to see the shop. I didn't need any books but the selection was pretty good. I purchased a mocha... it's a hot drink and it was filled all the way to the brim, as in u couldn't put a lid on it without spilling it. I had to ask to have it poured out some. Some signage or notice as to where your drinks are placed would be helpful as I didn't know where my drink was initially, only my name was calledLoved this place  ! The ambiance is amazing in this historical neighborhood. Thr book collecrion is unmatched. Banana hot chocolate is a must try and shout out to Vic for the friendliest service EVER. Coming back !If it was in my neighborhood I'd go every day.
I'm still going to come here whenever I'm in the area.
Coffee is really good and so are the sandwiches. 
I get a cortado with an egg and spinach sandwich.Great coffee Polite staff, warm and welcoming atmosphere. Decent range off food and beverages items available. Seating is pretty limitedMarc Lamont Hill's new cafe and bookstore is just what this area needed. Reminds me of Busboys and Poets in DC a bit but it's more book centered where B&P is more food-centered. Uncle Bobbie's has a nice variety of drinks and a few light food options. Great space to read and study or to catch up with a friend over a cup of coffee. The layout is very cozy. It gets a bit crowded on weekends. There is a great selection of books centered around the Black experience on a wide variety of topics both fiction and non-fiction. I got to meet Marc and get a signed copy of his new book. He also owns the space next door where various workshops and community events will be held. I love seeing more Black-owned businesses opening to serve the needs of our community. I definitely plan to support this place.Very warm and welcoming environment. Ample selection of books as well as merchandise related to reading and empowerment available for purchase. Reasonable prices for coffee and food. Intimate seating. Will definitely be back multiple times to patronize.Sometimes places with a "mission" forget to nail down the basics, but Uncle Bobbie's is an exception. Mission-wise, this black-owned and operated coffee shop is clearly serious about being a hub and a home for the community in this Germantown neighborhood. Shelves are stocked w/ books on black thought, culture, and history (including a great children's section) and seating invites people to meet, chat, read or work. I hear local entrepreneurs and activists planning at the tables around me (but also families with kids and students on laptops). But - the coffee is also on point. Best latté I've had anywhere lately. At least one of the managers spent time in the La Colombe organization and he was leading staff espresso tastings as a training exercise the first day I came in. They really care about that part of what they do. Result is a beautiful place to spend time, drink something delicious, work or think.Delicious food, warmth and care from the staff, excellent curation of social justice- and diversity-related books. Loved my simple dinner with a friend there, and bought a book for my little one too. I highly recommend it! Support black business, too!Great coffee shop!  Their sandwiches are very good and the overall ambience is infectious. Great books and a wonderful corner for the kiddies.Very cool vibe, friendly staff, everything you want in a coffee shop, but also a great selection of book titles you won't always see at a chain bookstore.  Very centrally-located in Germantown just north of Center City, Philly.  Won't be long before they have a second location....I haven't been (yet), but I look forward to checking this place out on my next visit to Philly. Coffee and books? My kind of place. Judging by the photos it looks nice and cozy too.I went here on a recommendation from a friend and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was friendly even though it was crowded. I had my 5 yr old with me and he was playing a math game and one of the male patrons started helping him he seemed to be maybe a teacher the way he was breaking it down to him. I ordered a Banana latte they were out of Almond milk and i cant drink whole milk so i opted for Soy. The drink was amazing but I know now soy doesn't agree with me lol. 
I ordered a veggie sandwich which was grilled on the panini press honey best veggie sandwich hands down in philly that I have had. Now lets get to the never ending sea of black books it was amazing and the kid section omg listen im here for Uncle bobbies being my one and only coffee shopFinally got here and it's everything my friends have shared about and more! Fantastic vibe,  excellent coffee (got a cortado and they have almond milk which is a plus for this vegan!) and an incredible diverse selection of books.  It was 2pm on a Monday and the place was packed.  That says it all.  Looking forward to bringing a friend here this week!Black owned and operated coffee shop and book store located in the heart of the Germantown section of Philadelphia. Eclectic atmosphere provides stimulating conversation with today's forefront thinking intellectuals. The menu has an array of both vegan and non vegan choices and the coffee is excellent.  If ever you are in Philly be sure to visit this jewel.I went there earlier this year. The atmosphere is FANTASTIC. Lots to look at from the antique typewriters to the hardback books, to the interior. Oh! And the coffee, sandwiches and pastries are really good too. =)
I will definitely be visiting again.This is go to place for engaging conversation over a coffee. Also, what's new in books to add to your readers list.The vibe is amazing. Looking out the window at the cobblestones. Dope. Relaxed and reminiscent of old time coffee shops. Highly recommend!I love to support any coffee shop that isn't Starbucks. Uncle Bobbie's is a gem in Germantown. The coffee is good, it is always full. The books just add to the ambiance. I'll be going back.Great spot bringing the neighborhood together.  Panini, sandwiches, pastry, salads, soup and deserts. Friendly service while you browse a wonderful selection on multicultural books.Awesome space! Philadelphia needs this! Staff is super friendly and helpful. I bought a couple of gift cards for my friends, I will be back!Peaceful atmosphere, beautiful aesthetic and friendly staff. It is a black owned establishment but not exclusive to any one culture.
I love the diversity of the patrons. 
I also love the selection of African American books, both adult and children, that are hard to find in major book stores and that the shop also serves as a platform for, both, emerging and established authors.Wonderful relaxing atomophere 
 Where people come to drink coffee , tea, etc, have good conversation eat and chillax. Great selection of books from all different subject matters.Super cozy and friendly place that was great to get work done. There's a wide window as well that was nice for taking a people-watching break.Finally got the chance to patronize this little gem of a spot this past weekend.  I loved that it was filled with so many books from black authors.  This along with the tshirts and othe nick nacks supporting black culture, I was truly happy I came.  I decided to try out the turk sausage breakfast sandwich.  It was premade in the refrigerated section but the staff heated it up for me in the panini press.  While quite warm and crunchy the flavor was ok but I suppose the food was just a side show compared to the cast book selection and coffee.  While there I had a great conversation with a few people about some of the books I was considering getting that day.  All in all, I really enjoyed myself and will be backGreat coffee in a cute setting. Love that they offer soy and almond milk in addition to regular. Friendly staff and very good prices. I loved their book selection too and they get bonus points for a wonderful kids selection.Nice place. Great variety of books and you can get a bite to eat while studying or working. Space is limited so you can't have your heart set on having a place to sit.LOVE LOVE LOVE Uncle Bobbie's Coffee & Books.  I drove 45 minutes from Bucks County to check it out.  I only wish I lived closer.  The coffee was excellent and the staff friendly.  The atmosphere was cozy and inviting, with lots of comfy chairs, great books, and good vibes all around.  You should definitely check it out.Awesome bookstore!  Very upscale and chic.  Great selection of books, t-shirts, etc.  Really great children's section.  Good sweet potato pie.  Nice vibe.After many recommendations to come here I finally got a chance to go and see what all the hype was about. The sweet potato pie was baked to perfection and I had really good rooibos iced tea as well. Such a cool spot with a great community feel! I'll definitely be there again.I had a banana hot chocolate that was pretty good. The real pull of this bookstore, though, is the great ambiance and vast array of books. I loved the creative touches of vintage (old typewriter, old camera, mason jars), and the comfy seating situated in the front and back rooms. Wish I lived closer, so that this was a neighborhood establishment; it would be such a nice place to meet someone for coffee. I would definitely visit again if I'm in the area.What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!
From the delicious coffee, pastries and sandwiches, to the curated spread of books, knowledge, and stories, Uncle Bobbie's is truly a gem of a place. In a world where most coffee shops are now designed with tables and chairs for laptops and working, it's refreshing and uplifting to have a place with sofas, comfy chairs, and community spaces where people can come together to connect as humans, share knowledge and wisdom, and tell stories--and maybe even learn new things!
The energy in the place was wonderful, and the mission of the ownership is truly admirable, and fully reflected in the details and experience of the space. Great to see a local black-owned business already thriving. It was packed when I was there!
Whether you want to work, meet, read, or organize, Uncle Bobbie's will surely become your go-to space for community, intellect, and of course, coffee and books.Nice comfortable place to come and get work done. Free WiFi. Friendly staff. Had a nice Cortado which was on point and one of their sandwiches (turkey sausage, egg, cheese) that was nothing special, but appetizing. Lots of natural light and comfortable seating. And if you're in need of a good book as you sip your latte, they've got an excellent variety. Will definitely be coming back.This new spot will definitely be a new favorite. It's cozy and the decor is awesome. It's really so different and i love that. Two things,they couldn't do a decaf latte ,and they forgot about my bagel when at the time there were like4 people in the store. (However the bagel was really delicious and they made it on a panini press,)such a unique idea.They're new"they'll work it out. I will be back ,again and again.What a great place. Beautifully designed, great coffee, friendly service, expertly curated selection of books and a spectacular selection of children's books. I had a fine cup of locally roasted La Colombe coffee. One of my friends had a latte that looked so good I can't wait to try it. The breakfast sandwiches looked delicious.   Definitely on my short list of places to go in the neighborhood and I'm always glad to support an indie bookstore!Lively cafe fit for children and elderly. I've  been going here for months. The staff are kind and very well trained.  The food is good and coffee is great. Uncle Bobbie's sells books and other items like shirts.I absolutely adore this place! Great atmosphere and attracts the type of electric diverse crowd I look for in a coffee house. There are books that adorn the walls music in the background and I like the serving area is right in the middle of the bustle. I like that its family that works together and serves the community. It's in an area of germantown that has seen better days but its beginning to shine again. I think in all honesty it deserves four stars as for one, I wish it was open at 5 am, and two, offer true vegan food beyond granola and fruit bars. Otherwise this place is a gem and I see Uncle Bobby being here for many years to come.What a great atmosphere!  And everyone was very welcoming. The coffee is great. Lots of comfortable chairs and a good overall vibe. 
I will definitely be back on my next trip through Philly!  Thanks Uncle BUncle Bobbie's is one of my favorite places to visit. The atmosphere is warm and inviting for EVERYONE and the coffee is authentic.Wish I had a place like this where i live. It's a coffee shop that's walled in by well curated bookshelves. Better than just that, they've got great events!It's great bc you can order coffee, use WiFi & not get arrested. Support the locals y'all!!There are many amazing things about this place that will keep you coming back
The coffee is great. 
Come early or after breakfast before lunch on the weekend and it is not so crowded 
The pastries are amazing 
The books are fantastic. I love the age breakdowns of the children/young adults
THERE IS STREET PARKING. I come in from New Jersey to visit offspring at Temple U so street parking is a miracle.  
Great vibe. Great addition to the neighborhood. Hope they expand.One of the best coffee shops in the city. The staff is friendly. A good place to have a small meeting with 2-3 people. Loved the books they have on display, especially for children of color .Great coffee, service, and ambience. The warm, home-y wine is so welcoming. This place is amazing! Go! Go a lot!uncle bobbie's is my favorite place to write. the coffee is strong and so is the wifi! it's usually busy here so it's good to arrive early to snag a seat. i'm looking forward to attending events here soon!I was looking for a place to study and Uncle Bobbi's came up with great reviews. The coffee lived up to its reputation; I like to drink it black and it went down smooth with no sour after taste. I wasn't planning to eat here initially but was really curious so I got an egg white and spinach sandwich on ciabatta bread. They get their sandwiches from Le Bus and I was pleasantly surprised by mine. They keep them in an open fridge with their drinks and stuff so I didn't think it would be much good but after having it toasted it was pretty good. The egg white was a little tough due to it being toasted but with the tomato and cheese it came together well and I ended up downing the sandwich. 
Food aside, I love the ambiance. Nice R&B music as well as many bookshelves all around stacked with books. Their chairs are also super comfy and there is plenty of space. I liked their leathery high chairs at their bar tables by the window. Great place to do work and get some time alone. Service was also good, staff were super friendly. Lastly, the price was right. Black coffee ranges from 1.5-2.5 dollars and the sandwich was 5.5. Definitely recommend this place.I'd been wanting to go but because it's not in my neighborhood I thought I'd never make it. Well, thankfully I was off from work and in the area and was so excited to give this spot a play. I love the quaint but busy pace of the place. The layout is excellent and provides a nice variety of options for customers to work, chill, people watch &/or find a good read. I like how the counter is situated at the front, it's out of the way of people working and easily accessible for those who may just be stopping in for a quick bite/drink. I didn't get to check out the back room but from the sound of it it seems like a nice, comfy living room type of vibe. There are multiple seating options throughout to fit every mood (counter seating, high top window seats, awesome high wingback chairs, tables for two, seating for one, sofas for small groups).
I was a little hungry (when am I not, really) so I tried the egg white sandwich with a cup of hot chocolate. I'm a foodie so I was hoping for something freshly made, but the sandwich was pretty good.
I am a cafe lover, esp when I need to get work done. While I do not live in nor frequent the area often, I could see me taking the drive up here when I have the time. Uncle Bobbie's provides an atmosphere of comfort, relaxation, and a small escape in the midst of the hustle & bustle of the city. It's almost perfection! Plus, the idea of supporting a local black business is really all the excuse I need ;-)So happy I noticed this Lol coffee shop in my neighborhood. I have been several times and will continue . live the whole atmosphere, very relaxingGreat people working here, good strong coffee, awesome location on the Market Square in Germantown, and lovely corner light. I always pick up their paninis/food when in the neighborhood. They also have a diverse range of Children's books along with all the other book selections.My all-time favorite place to work and hang out in Philly. Owned by academic. Dr. Marc Hill, Uncle Bobbie's is a community-oriented coffee shop with great variety of affordable food and drinks. Everyone is friendly and service is decent. It is a welcoming hub for the surrounding community. They also are open late on the weekends and host movie nights/talk backs.Great coffee shop vibe, it's warm and cozy. It's a nice place to sit, read, and get some work done.My fav coffee shop! Amazing coffee. They make perfect red-eyes each time, and their shop is lined with books. Books + coffee is always a good idea. Def recommend this place. Happy to support a local "mom and pop shop" instead of a chainNice comfortable place to come and get work done. Free WiFi. Friendly staff. Had a nice Cortado which was on point and one of their sandwiches (turkey sausage, egg, cheese) that was nothing special, but appetizing. Lots of natural light and comfortable seating. And if you're in need of a good book as you sip your latte, they've got an excellent variety. Will definitely be coming backThis is my favorite place to get coffee in the area. Excellent business, amazing staff, A+ customer service, and their coffee is always fantastic.Went back a second time,just a couple of weeks after my 1st visit and they improved the little issues i had the first time. I was now able to get a decaf latte and my girlfriend and i had lunch,both items were so good. I just love the ambiance. Its a cool store with great staff. Both my friend and i purchased a book as well,they have a great selection. I will be back again and again.I love seeing black business do well ! Uncle Bobbie's Coffee Books is a awesome place just to hang meet up or learn a bit ! My one problem is that it's small and gets crowded fast and people stay for hours reading it's best to go in the morning.Studying for my Board's, so I was looking for a local coffee shop to become my regular study spot. It's a shame. I really wanted to like this place. The decor is great and I love the feel of the place... It's like being in the comfort of your loving room. And the latte was okay. But to this new person walking through the door, the staff came across as completely disinterested. Didn't bother pointing out the menu, which is above and behind you once you're at the counter. Saw me still standing at the counter and placed the drink on the other side of the counter. And didn't bother pointing out where anything was...apparently l was supposed to figure out where the tops to the cups were on my own. And it was seriously overcrowded. So I took my latte to the workspace City Fitness. Oh well...This is hands down, one of my favorite coffee shops in Philly when I come and visit.
The coffee is good, the workers are great, the book collection is amazing, and the environment is positive. 
There's a big "living room/home" vibe with lots of tables and couches to work or just talk with someone. 
For drinks, I had the latte special (iced victory lap) and then and iced hibiscus tea. Both were delicious. 
They also sell merch! So definitely come to do work but also support them by purchasing a book and a hoodie, shirt, or bag.Excellent customer service. I love the LaColombe coffee brand. This is a bookstore/coffee house. The decor is okay, it's very busy. I prefer to take my coffee to go. However, it seems like a great place for a book club or to meet a friend for a deep conversation.Very chill spot. I enjoyed hanging here drinking coffee, doing my work, and chatting with cool strangers.Absolutely loved this place! It's a black owned bookstore in the heart of historic Philadelphia! The space is broke up into two sections, which can feel a bit tight, when it's packed (which is almost always). Nonetheless, it's a beautiful space, curated for beautiful people. The staff was amazing, the book selection was outstanding, the atmosphere felt like home! A definite must go, if you make a trip to Philly!!!This place is great! I've been here several times over the past year and I have NEVER been disappointed with the service, goods or food I have received. The staff is always pleasant, music is always good, and the mocha always gives me just what I'm looking for! They even host community events to support the community from mental health, to good old movies and entertainment for the kids on Tuesdays. Love this place!
Super disappointed to see reviews from two individuals just less than a week ago, that was directly connected to how this person felt about the owner and their other ventures via CNN. Not their actual experience at the establishment. It's unfortunate that people with such a minuscule POV have so much time in their hands. I have reported those reviews to have them removed. Hopefully,  Yelp will delete the ratings.I need to get back so I can soak more of this place in! I wish I lived a little closer but I am willing to make the drive from the burbs for this store. 
I went here with my friend and her son on a snowy Saturday afternoon. It was surprisingly crowded but the crowd was good. There was plenty of space for everyone to sit and chill, read or do whatever. 
We ordered a couple of drinks from the cafe and enjoyed them. The staff working was friendly and we found two books to purchase and take home. 
I hope to get back and enjoy the space for a little more time, check out some more books and of course the coffee drinks.Loved the coffee.  Loved the atmosphere. Visited twice and had good experiences.  However, the 3rd time, I found the young staff to be rude and inattentive.   My sandwich "to go" was handed to me while the young man was looking the other way.  Had I not reached out and taken, he surely would have dropped it.  I felt like I was an annoyance to him and a young lady who worked there.My fav coffee shop! Amazing coffee. They make perfect red-eyes each time, and their shop is lined with books. Books + coffee is always a good idea. Def recommend this place. Happy to support a local "mom and pop shop" instead of a chain.I rate the shop itself 5 . Been there twice. The first time was super pleasant, the staff were helpful, friendly and fun. The atmosphere was comfy cool. I stayed and chatted it up w a sister friend for a couple of hours. 
Unfortunately, my second experience was horrible and I didn't stay. I was told the person who had to do w this was the manager, and if this is indeed true... well, I think he needs management 101 and I give him a 1 . You want to accommodate your customers, make them feel welcomed, and know when to stay out of the way. There was a tall caucasian man blonde hair glasses behind the counter who was not very pleasant to me from the moment I walked in the door. Then proceeded to, as I spoke some words to a friend make an announcement load enough for the entire shop to hear that if I had an issue w him I could say it to him to his face not behind his back. Then go on to say "cause I hv ears I can hear". 
Needless to say I took the most wonderful vanilla chai tea I've ever had, my croissant that I didn't hv a chance to touch, packed up my things and left. And unfortunately will not be back. 
I'm happy that so many people have fallen in love with This fabulous place though and are supporting a black owned business. I would love to continue to do the same but I don't do rudeness. I've been in food and bev for 22 years and this I do not stand for and will never give.  Peace and blessings to all.Despite the place being packed, the owner and staff were relaxed, welcoming and efficient. The coffees and chais are wonderful. The food, fresh and well-prepared. The atmosphere is definitely the draw. Cozy, bright, hip. This Black-owned business amplifies the Black voice through its books and speaker bookings. I went to listen and learn, and the experience still resonates a week later.Got here unexpectedly. Glad to find such a nice gem in Germantown! Enjoyed spending hours in this nice place!!Very nice place for studying,working or just hanging out with lots of books to read!!!good coffee and free WiFi! Will be definitely be a regular customerLove Love Love! This shop makes me smile to the core. The staff, coffee and books takes me to an Euporhic feeling! Walking into an establishment and feeling a sense of belonging is priceless! Thank you, for this establishment! Keep up the great work!Good food, nice ambiance, friendly atmosphere. They do lose one star because they did not ask me if I wanted my sandwich warmed up. Not only do I not like hot sandwiches but I also had to wait an additional 20 minutes for them to warm it up. They ever-warmed it, and it was soggy, almost inedible, as the texture was ruined. I couldn't finish it.Pros: local and very friendly location, good array of beverages options, offered food, very progressive and positive atmosphere 
Cons: only one staff member was working or only one that could be seen so that's a lot of pressure for her, some guests were not very friendly or considerate of fellow patrons and staffLove love this place. As soon as I walked, the vibe was everything. It's a place for everyone. Truly there were ppl of various backgrounds there. Coming from a black woman who has always loved reading, I felt like a kid at a toy store. Will def be back. And I love my new t-shirt :)This place was awesome if you are looking for a place to relax, eat lunch, or snack and drink some coffee or tea.  Went here on a Tuesday afternoon after work to read some book, relax, and eat.  I brought my book out, ordered panini and iced coffee. Everything tasted great.  The staff was very friendly.  We started chatting about the book I was reading.  The place was busy but the staff kept up with the demand.Great coffee! Great pastries. Amazing sweet potato pie! Friendly service. Erudite conversation. Amazing selection of literature. Wonderful guest speakers. My favorite neighborhood coffee house and much more. Had many meetings over coffee. A great place in Germantown.Great food, great music and great service. Got the chicken sandwich which they grilled for me and it was delicious. Affordable prices too!Lovely place in a great neighborhood and it's black-own and largely black-operated with a diverse crowd patronizing. I love it. It's a great coffee shop, on a cool corner, and very bright. I also really love the bookstore aspect of the store. I couldn't resist buying two books for my kids, a two- and five-year-old. Great great stuff.Stopped in on a Sunday morning after church. Sadly, Couldn't get a breakfast sandwich. Chose a turkey panini. Oh my goodness! Yes!!! They had a great variety of sweets but alas, not for those of us who are  diabetic. Ambience was delightful. Coffee superb! The bathroom was super clean... lol I loved the variety of books. The music was awesome. You can get your groove on... easily! Would live to see a few mire food choices like a frittata, while grain waffle? Will definitely go back!  Was with my daughter who had hot chocolate in a gorgeous cup and a flaky pastry to die for...Really nice decor, and people were right about it feeling like you're in someone's front room! That's totally how it feels. 
I was shocked when they offered different types of milk to me as well. You don't often get that that most places. However, I've only given it 3 stars because the drinks actually weren't that nice...I got the banana hot chocolate. You can taste the banana bit in the first sip, but it completely goes after that! Maybe we need to go back and try the coffee. Cool flavours though.
It is pretty cool that's it's black owned and it's based on given something back to the community through education. Especially in a town where gentrification is soon coming.
In summary, I think they hype of this place is definitely down to the atmosphere. I got mine to take out, so it was easy to see (or taste), that the actual drinks weren't all that.