I just dont understand. They have everything to make a great place.... except the wait staff is horrible. Maybe one day they will figure it out. Til then I'll be at the Abbaye.This place will be out of business by the end of next year.  Clearly the owners know nothing about the bar business - other then the obvious of needing alcohol and glassware.  Horrible.I landed here for a Paint Nite with my coworkers. We decided to head over a little early for dinner before our artistic adventure. We were all thrilled right off the bat because they had Not Your Father's Root Beer. To top it off, it was (according to some random Instagram account) National Root Beer Float Day. Who am I to refuse to celebrate that? Our waitress happily added some vanilla ice cream for a round of adult root beer floats- YUM! I ended up having the California grilled chicken sandwich. Add avocado and mango salsa to anything and I'm in! Between the tots I chose as my side and the root beer float, my inner child was a very happy camper. The restaurant is pretty large and open with lots of table and bar seating. It seems to be in line with what I picture "saloon" to mean in my head. My only complaint is that our waitress was a little MIA for how dead it was in there. I know this isn't a Paint Nite review- but we had wonderful time at that as well!! Overall, a great night!Terrible, terrible place!!! The staff was very rude, it amazes me people in customer service could actually be so hostile to their own customers. I went during an open bar and the bartender was actually requesting tips after every drink and even asked for a drink back when she wasn't happy with the tip amount. Then at the end of the night I watched them laugh at some girl who appeared to have lost her coat check ticket (and was crying!), telling her she was basically out of luck and wouldn't be able to get her jacket back. Outrageous behavior.Went to Urban Saloon yesterday with a group of 12. Service was exceptional and the food was delicious. Had a great "wing sampler" that was too tough call on which flavor I liked best. All of the wings were cooked perfectly though. Many in our group had the grilled cheese and all said it was delicious. I will definitely be heading back.Better than expected food for what is largely a sports bar.  Gets a decidedly Eagles crowd when the Eagles play.  It is right across the street from the Eastern States Penitentiary.  The service is very good.  We sat outdoors and enjoyed the people watching.  There were runners using the sidewalk to run as well as other locals and patrons. The meals are very reasonable priced.  The mussels were good.  I ordered a catfish sandwich.  They did not have tartar sauce however and it was a little dry.  My sons ordered hamburger and veggie burger respectively and both enjoyed them very much.  I got to taste both and I could see why they enjoyed it.We came with a pretty big group of people, and had great friendly service. However, maybe it's just because we got appetizers but I was not a fan of the food. Everything tasted fried, heavy and average. The wings just had tons of sauce, chicken fingers were average, tater tots were standard, nachos were pretty bad with just peppers and a little cheese on top, hummus was pretty ok. Also, they have tiny mini water glasses which is not fun when thirsty. And it is also extremely dark in there. So I think it's just not my type of place but I'm sure others would like it alot.Mikaela and I came here on our grand food tour of Philly. It may have been stop 20 of the day. Yes, we were full, and slightly drunk.. but we couldn't resist! 
The atmosphere is casual, very dark, and very "saloon" like. There are quaint candles that provide the only light. It has a rustic feel, and you feel like cowboys are going to swing through the front doors any moment, with beers in hand, and boots covered in Philly dirt. I loved it. It was a throwback in time, but also still felt like a place you wanted to be. A great bar! 
We ordered from their large selection of beers with dinner and for... our 8th meal of the day... I got the mac n cheese.. and the tater tots. I can never say no to tater tots, and automatically love anywhere that offers it. The mac n cheese was filling, creamy, and hit the spot... I Loved it! Yes, it is a bar, and bar food... but compared to other  bar food it exceeded my expectations.
We then meandered to the bar for some good cheap budlights, and it was a fun young crowd... i loved the atmosphere, the vibes, and the food!Really hoping I don't get their bartender in trouble, but when you order a beer here (their selection is small but covers all tastes and is high quality!) you will get a BEER...as in, your glass will be filled to the brim! My new Sunday routine has become to come here for a burger in the afternoon. Their burgers are cooked just the way YOU ask, and you can custom order. I'm happy that I found this place in my neighborhood!!Great local bar with most of the sports games on tons of TV's, great food and well priced drinks. The wings are great, as are the loaded tots!Impromptu Sunday dinner on the way home from the shore. My boyfriend and I sat out front on one of the lopsided tables placed on slanted sidewalk so I kind of felt like I was about to go down a slide the whole dinner. A bird also took aim on us, but thank goodness it was before the food came out. Service was decent, food was decent, but nothing special. The pulled pork was better than the chicken sandwich, but I wouldn't recommend the tots. Not a lot of flavor. I would return to try more and update my review. I would say more of a 3.5 out of 5, than 3, but I couldn't round up to 4. Jacks a block away looks a little more inviting and will probably be my next stop. I have been to Urban on a weekend night for drinks and I do love the inside atmosphere. There are also tvs for games, and we saw a sign for brunch that says 11-4!what doesn't belong here? me. walked in on a wednesday nite and immediately fought the urge to flee. the place is super spacious. it is in a good area and the sound system is great. but, good stereo sound and big space  does not a good bar make. 
the crowd here scares me. i actually saw 2 girls take a cab here. why?! the crowd of baseball caps (if you are playing baseball, then yes wear it, but, dudes, you are at a bar) bad first dates, and popped collars and flip flops does not depict a crowd i am used to. sort of the preps gone bad type crowd. the bartenders were nice, but a bit slow to check up on us. they made my drink according to my request and the edamame and the "urban fries" were just eh. we got about 5 drinks and the food and the bill was under 40 bucks.  the place has potential, let's hope it can live up to its hype.
nothing in this bar struck me as urban or as saloon-esque. yes, they have nice flat screens. no, there were no cowboys in chaps or gunslingers or bull riding.
btw, i think wednesday they have bands perform. if you like cover bands doing daughtry and maroon 5 covers, then jump to it. as for me, i think i will stay home and watch deadwood and do my own shots of whiskey sans the prep crowd.Came here to watch the Phils game on Sunday. Aside from people sitting at the bar, it was pretty empty. We went with the wing sampler and beer flight. With the wing sampler, you get 4 each of the buffalo, sesame teriyaki, maple chipotle, and honey garlic wings. The wings are on the smaller side but are a pretty good deal for the price. My favorite was the maple chipotle. With the beer flight, you get to pick 4 beers from the draft list. A good way to try different beers without having to commit to an entire glass.Good bar food . Bartenders are nice and very attentive . Great for sports with their big tvs . Wish they had a bourbon and whiskey specials more often for a " saloon"The food here is pretty decent. 
Wings are sort of tiny, but they have four different flavors, so that's fun.
Veggie burger isn't as bland and mushy as others I've had! Definitely holds its own again the big bad beef burgers (also tasty). 
Stuffed pepper is just okay. Too much rice.
Wait staff usually seems to be zipping around but don't seem to be flustered when at tables.
My only HUGE gripe is the blond bartender, Melanie. I don't know if she hates girls or what, but she totally ignored me for 5 minutes while I was waiting to be served... as in, looked me in the eye and then skipped over me. Won't be going to the bar when she's working.
Overall, good for a quick, cheap bite to eat!Just swung into Urban Saloon for brunch and decided four stars wasn't enough fro this place... if for no other reason than that they may have the best Bloody Mary in the city.  
I had the egg quesadilla with a side of hashbrowns - delish.  "T" had the egg white omelet with brie and asparagus - also very good.  The hashbrown portion is a little on the small side for a potato-lovin Irishman like myself - so if you're the same order two.  Oh - good coffee, too.
Wait staff - like last time was terrific... and the outdoor seating was cozy with solid tables that didn't wobble, shades over the tables and great people watching with all the tourists headed to Eastern State Penn.
If you havn't gone, go!I find it ironic that this bar is called "Urban Saloon" because it so belongs in the suburbs.
It definitely has some sort of identity crisis going on. I guess it is a... sports bar? Or a douchey college kid bar? But like... for yuppies? Whaaaaat?
The space is poorly laid out. It is pretty sparse. It looks like they just gave up trying to create any sort of atmosphere. And what kind of sports bar doesn't have a pool table or darts?
The food is so boring. Also, who puts plain white rice in a burrito?
The beer selection is just normal, average, nothing I haven't seen at bars all over Philly.I am giving Urban Saloon a five-star review because it was a tasty, reasonable, welcoming experience after experiencing total disgust with the dweebs at The Belgian Cafe (see: my review of The Belgian Cafe). I think we should boost the rating for this place.
We showed up at early dinner time, so the dining room was empty when we first arrived. So I can't say what this place is like late on a Friday or Saturday night, but as a place to eat dinner, it was fine.
The fried mac & cheese was a DELICIOUS appetizer and my boyfriend enjoyed his burger and I enjoyed my vegetarian sandwich very much. It wasn't mind-blowing or unlike anything I have ever eaten before, but it was tasty and I have no complaints. And he was allowed to order a beer like an adult (whereas Belgian Cafe wouldn't let us even eat because I did not have my ID on me) and we were treated like paying customers.
We were allowed to choose our own seats since it was so early. Our server was cute and friendly and the service was fast but not rushed. All good things.
I don't know, maybe it only deserves 4 stars, but I'm giving it 5 for the Jackelope head mounted on the wall behind the bar.We stopped in after a great experience at Eastern state penitentiary.   We only had wine, but the food looked and smelled very good.  Service was a bit slow, but friendly.  The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  Wish we had a place like this in our neighborhood.Made it to Urban for their Halloween lupus fundraiser.  Got there around 9:30 and it wasn't too crowded.  We didn't have to wait very long for a drink.  I liked the open space and exposed brick.  It started to fill up, but I never felt like it got too crowded.  The snow might have scared some people away.  I never made it to the back room.  The line for the women's bathroom gets crazy.  For such a large space, I think it should be bigger.  It was pretty clean though which was surprising.  I didn't pay too much attention to the draft list because I had been drinking before I got here, but this seems like a chill spot and I would go back to watch a game.I did Sunday brunch here, and I was NOT disappointed.
We had a large group, with a kid, and they seated us right away.  They were out of high chairs because another even larger group had come in with a whole mess of kids.  It was the morning of the March of Dimes' March for Babies, so it stands to reason.  
They had pretty good mimosas, and according to my dining buddies, amazing Bloody Marys.  The menu was so full of amazing-ness that we had trouble deciding.  I had the crab and mac, which was just wonderful.  My husband had eggs benedict, and he also enjoyed his meal.  
Service was good and the atmosphere was nice too.  A lot of natural light.  I'd go back, but I'm not sure I'd do a bar night there.I've eaten at urban saloon and always had a pretty nice night out.. food is good not great, service is the same. I don't ever write reviews but after a horrifying experience, here I am. My sister in law was 40 weeks pregnant, literally on her due date when we came to dinner here. We ordered the special for dessert- an apple crisp. After about 5 bites we noticed that the crisp had almonds in the crust, despite the description.... she has a severe nut allergy. When we asked the waitress if there were nuts, she was unsure and did not seem to be in any rush to find out. She confirmed there were nuts in the crust but then disappeared... she had absolutely no urgency in getting us the check and we had to hunt her down for it. Considering nut allergies are well known to be serious, I could not BELIEVE how much she didn't seem to care. The cherry on top, they didn't even take the crisp off the bill. We obviously just paid and rushed out but later we're just in shock in how little this establishment cared. Will definitely be thinking twice before I come here again!I found this place after visiting the Museum of Art. The neighborhood had lots of neat looking restaurants, but their menu looked inviting and most of the food was no-frills. The interior is cozy, with brick walls and an obvious division of the room between the bar and dining area. I liked how we were given a large mason jar of water and two smaller mason jars for cups. Unique! The grilled cheese and tomato soup combo stuck out to me (as i was suffering from a cold) and I was not disappointed. The sandwich was made with thick peasant bread and the soup was unlike any tomato soup I've had. Homey and comforting. My mother got a salad with apple, pecans, and a light vinaigrette that was great. Not too crowded at all, and some of the other patrons were enjoying the brunch menu which seemed just as appetizing.Went for taco night and quizzo all in one week... the tacos were dry and the flavor wasn't that great.  Overpriced for a weekly special.   The quizzo the following wed. was really bad... the dude reading the questions was boring and the questions were basically at a 3rd grade level.  Oh yea, and even though the place wasn't busy, the service was bad.  Sat with an empty beer for at least 15 minutes... that's probably the worst of it all!Nice spot to grab dinner and drinks. I've been here on two different occasions and both experiences were great. The food was awesome (I got the grilled cheese with the tomato soup and my friend and I shared the tots), our server was also very friendly, and the location is great to walk around in.Went here for a work happy hour and mostly enjoyed it.  I loved that it was large and not crowded, but for some reason they put the only two large groups of people literally back to back, to the point that it was hard to even squeeze into the seats despite the entire rest of the restaurant having open space.  The drinks were over-priced but a good selection.  I liked that they have a happy hour but it wasn't too deep of a discount.  I got a burger and it was really good.  The appetizers I tried were also quite tasty.
My biggest gripe is that they refused to take our tax exempt form (which we use as a non-profit.)  They claimed that you had to call in advance to use that.  You can't even call to make reservations so why would you call about a tax exempt form?  Dumb policy by lazy business owner.I'm kinda surprised Urban Saloon only has 3 stars! Not sure I'd come here for a bar-only outing, but dinner here was A-OK in my book.
A group of 6 of us had been wandering around the city all day, boozing and debating on a dinner locale. Urban Saloon was close enough to our end destination for the night, so we popped in to continue boozing and grab a bite before the grand finale. One of the first things that jumped out at me was the $5 beef stew- what a deal! Didn't try it that night but one day...one day. 
Anywhere that offers tots in place of fries has a special place in my heart. I tried bites of:
-Cesaer salad: above average, solid portion.
-Meatloaf sandwich: this must have been a special because I don't see it on the menu anymore. This was really good and really satisfying (obviously opted for tots instead of fries)
Tablemates had the chili and wings, and said both were really tasty. The beer selection didn't leave me yearning for anything more, and our server was nice and just attentive enough. I also liked the open-air feel of the place.
All in all, I'll come back for sure if I find myself exploring Fairmount & hungry again.Halloween here was awful. I've been here so many times because I lived close by. They "mellowed" the music and it was so boring. The person playing music told me that his boss said not to play anything too "crazy".It's a reach to give this place three stars, but it's in the neighborhood and I mooch off of their ESPN from time to time, so it's important to me that they stay in business.  
This review is based on my personal experiences, so please treat it like Jermaine Jackson's 1989 hit (don't take it personal).  I've eaten there at all times of day on the weekend.  The food is good enough, but the server's are quite inattentive.  It takes forever to get any sort of response and at times requests have just been ignored.
Sitting at the bar is the way to go.  The really cute  blonde is especially good, but the guys at the bar are great too.  It is a completely different experience.
Go to the urban saloon cuz there's not too many places in our little neighborhood, but sit at the bar and get out before 11 p.m. when it turns into Manayunk East.My experience here was weird. There was a decent amount of people at the bar, yet none of the bartenders were busy in any way. They didn't let something as silly as a customer waiting interrupt them from texting and talking amongst themselves. Not only did my waitress hit on my date, she only took our orders and neglected to wait on the rest of our table for at least 20 minutes so none of us were able to eat together. After our meal she ran my dates card multiple times, claimed it was declined and then asked him to come try it again alone with her. The next day there were multiple charges on his card. The food is good thoughLove Love Love the beer selection on tap and bottles!
My favorite part was the beer sampler!   (check out my tip)
Also enjoyed the hummus and edamame app's 
Will likely be frequenting this place   :)The food is pretty good and reasonably priced. The service was a little slow, but overall a good bar option on Fairmount Ave.Looking for a something different I stumbled upon "Buy Buy Liver" performance happening in Philly in the Urban Saloon. It was an interactive comedy sketch and so fun! Very glad we trekked down to Philly for the weekend for this. Tickets were only $15 and to support theatre whilst drinking? Yes I'm down for the cause! It def has the saloon feel with a super large bar/dining area divided right in the middle. Drinks were strong and well-priced and bartenders attentive. We made our way to the back room for the show and it was fantastic. It was funny, the performers were phenomenal, the material was great, and the host/performer was super witty. Im surprised it wasn't a packed house cuz it def should have been. Although my one qualm was the waitresses werent more attentive w/ drink orders and we had to step out twice mid show for drinks. Not the theatre groups fault though. I wish I could find a show like that in the city. Im not certain what other events they host in the urban saloon but its def a bar I'd consider returning to. Being directly across the Penitentiary is also convenient to stop in after a tour. 3 stars as an average bar but had to bump up to 4 stars cuz Buy Buy Liver was awesome sauce!during an adventure with a couple girlfriends, we somehow ended up out of my ritt square comfort zone and up at urban in search of a long-lost cousin who was apparently supposed to be working at a bar somewhere in philly. vague? yup. 
anyway, this was the last stop of the evening, even though we got there around 830pm. (yeah. we start early. what of it?) the place was nice and spacious and nicely lit so as to hide any dark circles starting to form under my eyes. as the place got a little more crowded, the noise level rose since there are concrete floors and high ceilings. ambiance blah blah blah. 
we got mac-n-cheese, loaded tots, and edamame. i didn't try the tots but they looked pretty standard, covered with cheese, bacon, chives, and jalapenos. meh. the mac and cheese was great. i double-ordered it, not expecting a large portion, and of course couldn't finish my FIRST helping, so i ended up taking about 2 pounds of the stuff home with me. not complaining. it was really tasty. (but skip that weird tomato puree they serve on the side.)Not sure why this place is rated what it is. My friend and I stopped here while waiting to attend Terror Behind The Walls at Eastern State Penitentiary. We sat at the bar and the bartender was super friendly and attentive. We had a couple drinks and ordered their appetizer baked Mac & cheese with bacon and it was delicious. We had a couple more drinks and ordered a breakfast burger, which was topped with a sunny side up egg, bacon and American cheese. I got it with a side of fries and spicy aioli but there were other side options too. Overall, no complaints. Everything was delicious and service was great. What more can you ask for?Went for their Halloween party.  Nice place - however, the bartenders were EXTREMELY rude.  They would not wait on me nor my husband.  We would stand at the bar and wait - and wait - and wait - yet they kept skipping over us.  We were not obnoxious or rude.  We were polite and patient.  One girl next to me actually said to the bartender after she skipped me to go to her, "no, you have to wait on them first - they were here before me".  I will never set foot into this place again.Meh, I can take or leave this place. I like coming here when I visit Eastern State Penitentiary, because it's directly across the street. 
The time before last time I went, we met up with a whole bunch of our friends and family after visiting ESP. It was crowded, of course, being a Friday night. At first we attempted to just stand around a table talking to some of the people in our group that were there. Quickly, we were told that that was not allowed and we'd have to wait for a table ourselves if we wanted one. Great. I totally get it, it's busy, servers need to move around, fine. But this hostess was frazzled and not kind. So we continued to stand at the table and talk to our group UNTIL a table was read. The hostess came over again and super rudely and half-shouty told us to stand by the door until the table was ready. 
The food is just okay. Their tots are overly salty.
The last time I went was again after ESP, but in the early afternoon. I was with my wife and our two friends and we had brunch. It was fine, nothing spectacular. There was a table behind next to us that was super obnoxious--super loud and wayyyyyy drunk. Straight up laughing hysterically and hitting the table. Would have appreciated someone telling them to turn it down a bit. Our server was nice enough, but brought me a beer when I didn't ask for one (and didn't want to pay for one), but I didn't want to say anything so I took it as if I had ordered it. 
Okay place if you're just looking for a quick bite or drink. OR if you're coming from ESP across the street. :)LAME. If I could give zero stars I would. We came to Urban Saloon for a fund raiser and were told the regular menu was available. After waiting over an hour for anyone to come to our table for food/drink orders (with everyone around us being served, mind you), we sought a server to place our simple order. Instead of getting any service we were told "actually we are not taking food orders since the kitchen is backed up." Unbelievable! They are supposed to be a restaurant but were utterly unprepared to serve food. So we wound up watching everyone eat for the rest of the event while going hungry. We managed to self serve ourselves ice water. What a major disappointment. We won't be back. Booooooooo.Save your time (and money). Horrible service from the waitress with the long blonde hair - I paid for my drink, and I had to remind her 15 minutes later that she never made it, after which I got a nice eye-roll. Food was mediocre. It was about 100 degrees out, yet they would not turn on the fans, even after we asked, twice. It was completely empty too - not much happening. I was there for happy hour, yet my drink was not part of the happy hour menu, which I was told after I got it. Won't be coming back.Great burgers. Great tots/fries. Great wings. (Apparently) great grilled cheese.
Came here late yesterday after a long run with my sister and a friend. I got a custom burger w/cheddar, pickles, and caramelized onions (and fries), my sister got a burger w/tots, and our friend got a grilled cheese w/soup and a side caesar salad. Maybe it was the exercise induced hunger or having to wait forty minutes for food, but that was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life; they're cooked well and decently priced (mine was $9.50 and my sister's was $9) AND they come with fries, tots, or a salad. 
It's a bar and definitely has that vibe (really loud music so you sort of have to yell to talk, groups of people standing around the bar chatting, sports games on the many mounted TVs) but if you don't mind that (or want that) I'd definitely recommend coming.the idea of this place is what draws me here but i think is as far as i can go with it.
they have brunch which usually is pretty good. i have been there 3 times for brunch, while the food has always been tasty the service has been slow and dull. the servers don't even feel like they want to be there...
This place is much bigger than it should be. walking around here you notice more space than a mattress warehouse. i just don't understand why the bar/restaurant is so large... sometimes for the night scene they don't move the tables out of the so it instead cramps everyone at the bar.
it would make it much easier to move around if they took the table out after 10pm.
they have 3 or 4 large(52") TVs but in this day any sports bar should have at least 6 or 7
the nighttime scene revolves around locals who probably want to get smashed but don't have to drive anywhere. the proximity to the prison and jacks firehouse are what i believe keeps this place afloat.Highly recommend the wings, buffalo cauliflower bites, and the burger.  Great beer selection.  Bartenders are very friendly!I have only had snacks and drinks here. The space is large with lots of tables. They have a decent draft list and the bar is nice. The calamari is decent as are the tots. Not sure I will be rushing back anytime soon but might do in a pinch.Big portions, low prices, good drinks and fun big place to mingle.  Can be loud, but I like it.  I cant think of another place in Philly that is like it.The ambience is really cool - large and open, high ceilings, and skylights.
But the food was lacking.  I was there on a Saturday evening for dinner.  On a whim, my friend and I decided to get the nachos and picked the buffalo chicken kind.  The plate comes out and it is like a small bag of tortilla chips is on the bottom with a pile of buffalo chicken on top.  There was so much chicken on it, it was to the point of being disgusting.  At first we thought "well, at least they give you your money's worth", but when we got the check later, we found out that our not-so-nice whim purchase cost $12, quite possibly the most expensive nachos I've ever had.  Unless they reduce the size of the order and the price, do not order.  Do not.
Another bad point, our main dishes were brought out about five minutes after our nachos.  This was not good timing, especially since we had ordered those well after we put in our nacho order.  My crab cake sliders were alright, but they definitely were not the best I've ever had or even close.  However, at about $8 the price is right.Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Food and drinks were good.  Bathroom was nice and clean.  Decor was modern and urban... like the name. ;-)I WISH I COULD GIVE IT NO STARS AT ALL.
by far one of the most awful restaurants i have ever been to in my ENTIRE LIFE.  DO NOT GO THERE.  this is in my neighborhood and every time i pass by, i wish i could attach a big "do not enter" sign to this place.
i gave this place THREE chances. THREE... first one, was for a drink and a light dinner.  the soda was FLAT. (all three times)  and i had the lasagna which tasted like something was regurgitated (no exaggeration). i could have saved so much time and money just by buying a stouffer's, at least theirs taste good.  and bad service throughout the meal.
second time, just for a drink.  like other people have said, bad crowd.  like you're in some suburban college. ugh. yuck. FLAT SODA AGAIN.  had the shumai at the bar... MADE ME SICK later that night. 
third and last time, took some friends.. service was so awful, this place makes me want to go crazy on someone. this place should be shut down, the service is SO BAD.  we were waiting for 45 MINUTES FOR OUR FOOD.... AND PEOPLE WHO WERE SEATED AFTER US GOT THEIR FOOD BEFORE US.   i cannot believe this place is still standing. 
oh and the french fries? fried in oil that was older than the jail. yea. that bad.
do yourself a favour and stay FAR away from this dreadful place. makes me cringe with anger on all the money i spent in this place trying to give it a  chance.  urban saloon, stop ruining fairmount.This place was not exactly what I had hoped it would be.  It's pretty loud (the drinkers at the bar),   The sandwiches use big pieces of Texas Toast, which I LOVE, but there is way too much butter on them.  Otherwise, a great place.  It's just way too buttery and greasy.  Great for watching games, etc.I attended the urban saloon's nye party and it was really great....
I always have such expectations for nye and i almost always end up disappointed but this was not the case this year. Not only was it fun it was cheap..only $70 for food & 5 hr top shelf open bar. I went here with a group of about 15 and we arrived shortly after 9pm. The place wasn't overly crowded...just crowded enough. Rarely had to wait for drinks, music was good and I actually got a glass of champagne at midnight which seems to always be advertised for NYE and then you never see it. My friends and I had a blast and definitely will consider this again for next year!I've walked by this place so many times without actually going in, seems like I missed out. I love the contrast of the exposed brick walls, textured curtains, and icicle lights with the high tech-ness of the flat screens. I had the blue burger, which wasn't too bad. 
PROS: the food is pretty good, there are huge flat screens everywhere, the servers are nice, not the quickest I've experienced, but very nice.
CONS: eh, it's a bar, nothing majorly special outside of what I've already said.
TIPS: we sent here on a Sunday early evening. It's quieter and there is more of a relaxed crowd as opposed to a typical "bar" crowd. Afternoons and weekdays seem the ideal time to come if you want a quieter ambiance or if you want to eat with your family. However if you like the bar party scene, then the Friday night Saturday night is the time for you to go.i went to the prison thing across the street and snuck out of line for a quick drink and to use the bathroom. good luck. one bar and many many people. i tried but didn't want to be rude so i went outside and asked a server who was taking drink orders i said i'm in a hurry and here is  20 bucks for a double rum and coke and keep the change . 5 or 6 mins still waiting so i left. yes the 20 $ is gone. i had to go. too busy and not enough bars within the place.  everything converges upon one bar. smh there should be at least 2 or 3. close the others on less busy nights. i do not know about the food. my review is based on a quickie. though the food photos look good from fellow yelp reviewers . mine is based upon a trying to get a quick drink with a great tip.Great brunch! Good service, yummy drink and food specials, would definitely come back. I had the Belgian waffle with chocolate chips, others at our table had the breakfast sandwich, burgers, and the monte cristo sandwich. No complaints!This was the last stop on our bar crawl...well, at least my last stop cuz I was fizzucked up.  word life, son.
This spot was huge.  A large bar area and a larger dining area.  It does get packed later on in the eve but it doesn't get uncomfortable.
I had the buffalo wings, calamari and tatertots with cheese and scallions (holy shit, that was redic).
I don't really chill in this area so it was fortuitous to finally find a good spot over here.
BTW, F the Phillies, Flyers, Sixers and Eagles.I went to this bar/restaurant on a Saturday evening with my husband and a friend, hoping to continue our college football watching.  We live in Center City and had wanted to check this place out for a while.  Upon arrival, very weird vibe and very quiet. The music was super low and coming out of only two speakers near the bar.  It seemed like the dining area was very quiet with uninviting ambiance.  I initially attempted to make cheerful small talk with the bartender, Dana, concerning our games that day.  The bartender was borderline rude, very impersonal, and did not even inquire as to which games we were interested in so that a TV could be changed (there were only two other people at the bar and they were not watching the televisions).  
We each ordered drinks. Oddly, the bartender asked if we wanted to start a tab and needed to take a card.  The place was not busy at all and it was early in the evening.  Okaaaaay.  As we were finishing our drinks, the bartender never asked us if we wanted to order another - even though she removed my friend's empty beer glass - and never offered menus - even though we likely would have ordered something to snack on.  After finishing our drinks, we had to sit and stare at our bartender from down the bar, who appeared to be ignoring us and speaking with co-workers. Several other bartenders or servers were walking behind the bar and would not look in our direction either.  We would have just thrown some cash on the bar and left, but they had my friend's card.  It's unfortunate because this establishment could have made much more money off of us that evening. And, further, I am usually a generous over-tipper, but my gratuity is always based on service - which was obviously lacking here.  
Just a weird experience all around.   How perfect that this establishment is across the street from an old prison because we definitely felt imprisoned.  We moved over to a bar on Callowhill where we spent a lot of money on drinks, participated in welcomed and lively conversation with our bartender, and received a television change for our football game. 
Granted, we didn't get to try the food, but we do not recommend Urban Saloon for any reason and we will not be back.Great bar type atmosphere for lunch. Tons of TVs everywhere, although today was void of any good sports action. Grilled cheese and tomato soup are a perfect pair, got mine with onion and bacon. Friendly service3.5 stars is probably more accurate. Went here to watch football on Sunday's as I often do, and was disappointed to learn they no longer offer the 20 piece wing sampler :( Apparently they just got a new chef and he removed it from the menu. The wings are still sizeable, cooked well, juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. It was the variety I loved though. Without the sampler other sport's bars like Cavanaugh's are now just as good of an option.Went here for a intimate stand up comedy act which i must say was pretty darn hilarious!  I laughed so much that i feel like i could possibly have the strongest abs ever.
As for food, I haven't eaten much here at urban saloon but i like their tater tots and that is good enough for me!The new chef will still make the wing sampler if you request it do updating my review from 3 stars to 4. My favorite wing spot again and a fantastic place to catch the eagles game. Get there early for a prime seat.The food is exactly tasteless. Ordered the mushroom meatballs and the Cajun shrimp. Both were meh. There was about 0 resemblance to anything Cajun in the shrimp. The beers on tap were incredibly simple. This is a bar that used to carry Dogfish Head 90 min, now is into things like goose island. Staff is great. Atmosphere is fun. If you're looking for good food or beer keep going.THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 14 - THE FINALE
Food - hot sausage sandwich / pulled pork (slider?) / Beverage - Tito cocktail/punch
The final stop of our excursion and it was definitely a good one.  Being close to 5pm already, the bar was packed, but with it still being light outside and lots of windows in the ceiling, the room was bathed in natural light that made the whole place look and feel energetic.
Having eaten here in the past, we've had a good experience with the food.  Unfortunately, we were quite full and decided to skip the food and obtain our complimentary beverage.  The drink, for me, tasted like a Malibu Bay Breeze with titos instead of rum.
Conclusion: Despite the large crowd, the best spot to go is always the bar.  Get the drink and you can usually get the food.  Here's hoping next year's participants put a bit more thought into their offerings and work on developing their systems at crowd control.  Some were much better than others.. and those others should pass next year.The tator tots are pretty.. pretty.. pretty good.  
Great for groups, kids and everyone that got turned down by the pretentious snobs at Fare down the street.We stopped in for drinks, the server was very nice and just the right amount of attentive. The atmosphere was nice (we were there about 8:30 on a Saturday night). They have beer flights for only one dollar more than the average draft price.
I would have given Urban 4 stars but........
The hostess was completely rude. There were no seats at the bar, and upon seeing many open tables we asked if we could have a table for drinks. She said she didn't know because "there might be a party coming in". I suggested she seat the people behind us and ask the manager if it was ok to seat us. she responded with "how long are you staying/" 
I thought about bringing it up to the server or manager, and ultimately figured whatever, i'll just yelp about it.The only thing that saves this place from a one-star rating is the tater tots. That, and a $4.50 bloody mary on Sat. afternoon. 
I went in with the bf at about 3PM and it was mostly dead except for a few Auburn grads gathering for a football game. I hate watching sports on tv, though I can understand how those that like it would come here, as there are huge tvs, lots of them, and ample floor space. It feels hugely empty, though, when there isn't a big crowd gathered for the game. 
The music sucked. We waited FOREVER for our food (especially ridiculous considering there was no one in the place) and my meal sucked. I ordered the veggie burger, but they were "out" (a big no-no to use frozen patties - make your own!) so I had to order the hummos sandwich. I got it on bread which, though it looked toasted, just tasted old and stale and cardboard-y. The hummus was dry and there was only about a Tbs. on the whole sandwhich, and the entire thing lacked flavor. 
 The bf and I were trying to be good, so we ordered greens with our sandwiches, but we also asked to split a side of tots (who can resist tots?) They came on a HUGE plate, and a good 20 minutes before our food, so we were starving and ate almost all of them. They were tasty, but who can ruin tots? They are frozen, and then deep fat fried. 
I can't imagine how terrible this place must be on the weekends. The crowd sound Blech.Nice big open space, with what seems like not enough tables.  I guess it fills up on the weekends at night.  We came to this place for brunch after a late night of drinking.  I ordered the Ham and Cheese and the Chicken Noodle Soup.  The soup was great for my hangover, although the pieces of chicken was a little dry and the spiral pasta didn't really match up too well.
The ham and cheese was a little to hard around the crust.  For a guy who got braces not only a week ago, it was very hard to eat.  The cheese would melt and scold my mouth and I couldn't bite down on the ham that well.  It was a big mess at the end.
The tater tots were delicious and crispy.  And the bloody mary was one of the best bloody mary's I've had in a while.I've been to Urban Saloon on a number of occasions, and every time the service is terrible and the food is mediocre. They do have a good draft beer list, but after my last experience here when I intended to meet up with friends for a quick meal and it took 3 hours due to poor service, I don't plan on coming back.I've dined here roughly a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed. The service has always been second to none and the food has been nothing short of delicious. You won't find fine dining here but you will find great burgers, sandwiches, and salads. It is also VERY spacious inside which allows for a more intimate experience within your dining party.does anyone else think that if there is ever a shootout in this restaurant the headlines will be amazing??
(i've never been there, nothing about it looks even remotely appealing)super loud bar area, not conducive to hearing anyone, and definitely steer clear if you've got a headache.
on the handful of times i have dined here, i've had some menu items executed well, and others not so much. burnt tater tots? ugh. overcooked steak on an already overpriced dish? double ugh. bangin mac n cheese w tomato soup? ok i can forgive you.Urban Saloon wouldn't continue to exist if it wasn't where it is. The food is sub par, the atmosphere is uninspired. The place survives because of its functionality, the place is large, and has cheap drinks.I think I just found my newest neighborhood favorite. Yay for Urban Saloon!
Last night hubby and I decided to check out another neighborhood restaurant and we were pleasantly surprised. It was a nice spacious atmosphere with a moderate noise volume. We ordered the mac and cheese w| tomato soup and nachos to start. Wow! The nachos were enough for two people so perhaps I shouldn't have ordered an appetizer for myself (though tasty). We enjoyed both apps. Despite my satiated appetite, I also enjoyed my Sloppy Joe and tater tots. Usually I don't care how good something is, I won't over stuff myself. THIS was worth the uncomfortable feeling afterward. I didn't think a Sloppy Joe could taste so good! Urban Saloon proved otherwise. I also thoroughly enjoyed the tater tots.
Even more surprising was the cost. We expected to pay much more for our food. Personally, I think the food is worth more (went to another restaurant in the neighborhood that proved to be overpriced) but if it's on the cheaper side, I don't mind supporting them again in the future.
My only gripe is the service, which could be way worse but it isn't great either. The serves are often inattentive and disappear from long periods of time. Usually pretty friendly but they don't seem like they can handle the crowd.This is one of the nicer bars in the Fairmount area, despite it's name. It is usually pretty bump'n on a Friday and Saturday night, which always makes for a good time, the beer selection is ok.  They do a really nice job in their though with the lighting and the atmosphere...pretty cool.Urban Saloon is that dressed up bar/restaurant that each neighborhood has. The space is pretty neat, formal dining to the right and a more laid back bar to the left. I found the prices to be average (considering the neighborhood) and enjoyed some amazing nachos at the bar on my last visit. I'll have to stop back for dinner soon!Last Sunday evening, the weather was perfect in Philly so my bf and I decided to try out Urban Saloon. It was a cute place, a little dark inside for me but cute. We opted to sit outside to enjoy the weather and the people. 
We ordered calamari as a starter which we thought was great. That quickly disappeared from the plate. For the entree I got the crab cake with a cucumber salad, which was delicious and my bf got a burger which was ok. I tried a bite, and I have to say I have had better but it was still OK. 
The service was good, the only thing was that it took a while for the waiter to pick up the bill but he eventually got there. Definitely a cute place to sit outside, enjoy the weather and the neighbor.Not the best beer selection but the food was pretty good for bar fare. We shared the buttermilk chicken tenders with tots. The tenders were perfectly crispy and juicy and came with both bbq sauce and honey mustard for dipping. The tots were very good as well. I then ordered the black & blue burger, which was a little overcooked and dry.  Overall, I think their appetizer offerings are much better than anything else on the menu and would suggest sharing a few items.Fair beer selection, tho they do often have Dale's Pale Ale in the can available (the best beer in a can ever IMHO).
Same "fair" rating re the food menu, but with one cool plus:  one can get tater tots (and lots of em) as a side with most sandwiches.
Attracts a bit of a frat boy crowd, unfortunately.Cute warm decor inside.
 Went here right before we went over to the Terror Behind the WallsJust not my kind of scene. At all.  I feel like this place is another outpost of Public House (you can read my review of this place too)  Big, generic and with a bar name that sounds like, omg! oh-so-cool.  Same mediocre food with very similar menu selections.  Beer selections are a little more varied and interesting though they could stand to update their lists more frequently.  Good place for big groups.  Solid happy hour specials if you're in the 'hood during that time.  
The staff here is much more tolerable than Public House, a lot more action and a lot less attitude.  Though that might change depending what night you're in here.  The weekend crowd tends to skew towards a younger and more rowdier demographic - often very frat-like.  If that's your bag, go on weekends and get your drink on.  If not, stick to weeknights or go somewhere more authentic in the area: think Rembrandt's, the Bishop's collar or even London Grill.Oh blah. 
The place's decoration makes you expect so much more. The food is average at best. The wait staff were gossiping about non-sense the whole time my beer was empty right in front of me. Extremely corporate. 
I was also missing one of my wings from my appetizer.  
Not sure how it is at night but if the bartender pays twice as much attention than he does during the day to the bar you will be disappointed.Pretty big and spacious and clean environment. Great service. Wide selection of beer options at a decent price.Usually love the place. Just stopped by at 4:00 on a Saturday afternoon. It was not too busy, about 5-6 tables were sat. The bar was full, but there were two waitresses working the floor. Neither paid any attention to us whatsoever and after about 10 minutes we just left. While we were sat they walked by us a few times, bussed a high top next to us, but no one seemed to notice we were there. There was not a hostess to ask about service so we just left. I've noticed the service going down hill over my last few visits. The atmosphere, food and beer list is good enough that I hope they resolve their poor service issues shortly because I enjoy Urban Saloon very much.