Been here for happy hour twice. Great food and drinks both times. Bummed they took the spinach chaat off the happy hour menu. A must have for each visit. The ribs and mussels are good apps as well. The HH cocktails, old fashioned and some cucumber cocktail were good and refreshing. 
Definitely worth stopping by.So excited to have a good Indian restaurant with nice ambiance. Service was great, cocktails were amazing and food is delicious.  The only drawback was the lighting (too bright) and the height off booth seating.  Inder is the GM and very attentive.  Loved that the waitstaff had perfect pronunciation of dish names.We picked this place because of the happy hour only to find out that if you're sitting at a table than it doesn't include you. Bummer!
We got vindaloo it was so exceedingly delicious. The meat just falls off the bone. The best I've ever had. 
-The saag paneer/ palaak panner was so very delicious. Lots of paneer. Yum.
- The Kashmiri naan was insanely delicious. We all loved out food. 
I wouldn't order the chai again. Not sure if it was a mix or if they used skim milk. No cardamom? Something off. 
-- Still the food was great. 
-My friends loved their gulab jamun.
The decor is true desi modern art... it was extraordinary.  Really loved the colors and Hindi script and huge size. 
Great atmosphere. 
Lots of waiters at hand to serve you. We were very well looked after and glasses of water were topped off often.
Great great great service.
I wish the music was more desi style but ... its your style. I can dig that,Tried Veda with the family over the holidays, and were amazed.  Not super familiar with Indian food, so let the Manager make some suggestions.  Everything was delicious, and we struggled to pick a favorite.  Crispy spinach a must, and the Veda Mule is officially my new favorite cocktail.  Will definitely be back...Great space! Great time! Walking into an Indian bistro is usually intimidating as a Caucasian male but Veda.. WOW, what an amazing experience! Awesome decor followed by an awesome atmosphere blended a traditional Indian restaurant with a progressive and upbeat downtown Philly eatery. I will be going back - insider tip: try the Tandoori chicken on the appetizer list. To die for.Food is awesome but lighting sucks. They need to dim the lights
Service was great as were the drinksI have to say this is the best happy hour that I've been to in Philadelphia. The prices and food are phenomenal in every aspect.
Let's start with the walk-in. It absolutely looks like you're in somebody's house with the bookshelves and the alcohol. The whole feel is very welcoming. If you look at the seating there's a surprisingly large amount of it. Go to the bar for happy hour and you'll see even the bar has lots of seating. Contrast this with a small place like Tinto. The whole atmosphere just comes together well. I personally appreciated the straws decorated in a black and white swirl. It looked very elegant. And of note the bartenders were very pleasant and attentive. They're definitely worth a nice tip.
Now, on to the food. I think most items on the happy hour menu (which I've attached in a photo) are $5. I would definitely go for the Calcutta ribs because they're delicious and there's three of them and it's $5! The naan with goat cheese is also delicious with a nice serving and that is also pictured. And for dessert I would suggest the rice pudding like I always do at Indian restaurants because it was phenomenal.
Go here and then come back for more. I definitely plan to!We tried a little bit of everything and it was all fantastic. The atmosphere was very open and fun and even though they were very busy the food came out so quick and delicious. We sat at the bar with Bill and he was attentive with great conversation. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We will be back again very soon!The best fine dine restaurant in the center city. Dinner menu is delightful. Their food is delicious and great service! We even had lunch buffet and it's really nice on varieties. Modern interior design and bar. I would definitely eat here again!We came here for lunch. Excellent, fresh, a lot of food, service was very good and the presentation was perfect! Will definitely return.I have been here a total of three times for dinner. The food is average (on the bland end). But to pay that much for Indian food, I expect to have a better atmosphere. The atmosphere is trying to be nice, but done cheaply.
For example, Tashan was a beautiful restaurant, so when I was charged more than expected for lamb vindaloo, I was ok with it. Here, paying 22 dollars for an Indian dish is absurd because the space is not as nice and it's lamb vindaloo. At least they stopped charging for rice, which they did the first time I went.
I wanted to like this place since it is walking distance to my home, but I will have to walk a few more blocks to the better Indian restaurant.Very very good food.  I tasted a wide assortment of things, as everyone at the table shared. Everything was great with the exception of my dessert, which was supposed to be a semifreddo, but was frozen hard as ice and couldn't even be cut with a knife (even though the flavor was good).
 Unfortunately, I had to give a less than stellar review because the service was abysmal.  Drinks took forever to come out and our server was missing in action most of the night.  It seemed as though every time she passed our table looking very busy she would intentionally divert her eyes so she wouldn't see we wanted an additional drink or something else.Place opened 3 days ago. Great location and ambiance. Food is outstanding with lots of vegan options.As an Indian, I would never say that veda has authentic Indian food/flavors. I love my Indian food and the spice. 
I came here for restaurant week $35 for 4 course meal, which is great because most places are 3 courses for same price. I LOVED LOVED LOVED their drinks and the service but I won't say the same about the food. Besides the fried okra and fried paneer, I can't rave about any of their food options. I tried couple of the curries and the taste of it just did not feel authentic to me. 
Excellent place for ambiance as it was cute little balcony near the bar so it's nice for summer evenings. Service was fantastic and loved the bartender and our waiter. They're kind and friendly - made us feel more like their friends. 
I'll probably only return back here for apps and drinks.Went here for happy hour and had a wonderful experience! 
The restaurant has a great and warm atmosphere! The space is beautiful and well-decorated. I had a wonderful and knowledgeable bartender (who made a fantastic cocktail--- I had the Laila, one of the happy hour specials.) I enjoyed delicious happy hour snacks too (okra salad and pork ribs).... all for under $20!! Can't recommend it enough. Excited to come back for lunch and dinner!Upscale Indian restaurant with a good selection of classic Indian meals and some must try appetizers.
The table favorite was their Palak Chat (A crunchy, mildly spiced spinach starter). 
They also have a good bar menu with some unique cocktails made with Indian ingredients. 
Priced to its location, a good meal for 2 excluding drinks can be around $50 mark. 
Losing a star because some of the dishes could be further elevated.Been here a couple times now for lunch during the week with work colleagues.  Food is delicious, though I recommend getting an extra side of basmati rice.  The meat portion at lunch isn't all that large either so just be aware - it was lunch though.  Great Indian spot in Center City!Veda is amazing! The ambience coupled with the fusion food items and carefully crafted drinks make for a perfect dining experience. I tried a number of drinks on the menu and each were so different and so delicious - amongst them were the "Laila", the "Old Fashioned Gabbar", and a few others the bartender, Raul, mixed himself. I also tried the "Crispy Spinach Chaat" and the "Ragda Patties" which were perfectly made and filled with flavor. 
The service was also impeccable from the moment we walked through the door to when we walked out. It was seamless. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning for more!The service wasnt good!! I sat there for greater than 45mins and a waiter didnt approach my table and I had to go and ask for service. Although the mango lassi was really good.Most of what we ordered was great, including shrimp curry and wild mushroom kofta. The tandoori lamb chops were undercooked and not flavorful. But the waitress graciously offered to exchange them for something else, so it was all good. Nice wine list.The food was fantatstic and the we had some of the nicest service I have ever had in a restaurant.  Everyone was so genuinely nice and fun to talk to. And again, the food was simply delicious and beautifully presented.The food was absolutely delicious and the service was perfect. I definitely recommend the lamb dishes! I will definitely come back!!After exactly 2 hours and 10 mins from the time we sat, we were explicitly asked to vacate our table so they could seat the next party. We were ontime fir our reservation. Our table of 4 people ordered 5 alcoholic drinks, 1 appetizer, 4 entrees plus 2 orders of bread, 2 desserts, and thus there was no shortage of food for the managers to complain that we occupied the table of 4 without eating. We were 4 well behaved adults and in no way rowdy either. All we were doing was eating and chatting, both of which are expected in a restaurant. The server also often cleared up some of our plates while some of us were still eating (!) I have been to hundreds of restaurant in my life and never been explicitly asked to get up and leave. Giving hints is one thing, explicitly asking to leave is completely unheard of!
I am fairly certain if the owners read this review they would be flabbergasted to know their staff did this! Telling 4 people seated on a table for exactly 2 hours 10 mins to leave so as to seat the next party is a COMPLETE no no in the culinary world!This place is definitely the most nicely decorated indian restaurant in the city. From the amazing customer service to the delicious food, it's definitely a place you must try. The spinach chat was refreshing! Definitely a must visit!A delicious and adventurous meal! Sunday night, and the mood was beautifully mellow. The Calcutta Ribs were not too spicy and delicately different from the usual fare. The Gawn Shrimp Curry had just the right amount of spice and paired well with the more mellow but flavorful Wild Mushroom Korma. The tandoori lamb was boring, and the waitress took it off our bill. The Chili Cilantro Naan had great texture, but the flavors didn't add to it He meal. I would definitely eat here again, if only to explore the other interesting menu choices.Super tasty. Great spice. Everyone was satisfied. Will be revisiting.  Everything is clearly marked vegan and gluten free (I am both so thats convenient).Recently moved from New York City, and I have tried several Indian restaurants in the area.  Is the food good? To me, it was average or slightly above average at best.  
I ordered Chicken Tikka Achari, Okra Salad, and an order of naan.  $30 for take-out and that did not include rice.  I believe rice was an additional $3-$5.  I have no idea how an Indian restaurant gets away with additional charge for standard rice.
Overall, food was fine, but you can get much better Indian food for less.  I will probably give it one more try.Delicious! We came here on a whim on Labor Day. Not many restaurants were open so we thought, let's give Veda a try. It was a great experience! Good food and amazing atmosphere! The mango lassi and the brunch menu was delicious. Thanks!I've passed the unassuming facade of this place many times, and finally tried it on a whim. What a great place! Cute, trendy, comfortable interior (and fantastic music when I was there). The happy hour menu features attractively priced drinks and small plates. The Masala Hummus Platter and Oakra Salad were outstanding. This was an impromptu visit, but the next one will be planned!I am visiting from out of town and wanted some good Indian food.
I ordered takeout - lamb vindaloo, one of my favorite dishes.
The dish was not at all what I know lamb vindaloo to be. It was watery, had very little flavor, and even though I ordered the hottest version, it was a mild level, at best.
The rice was okay, the naan was good.  The host was cordial and my food was ready on time.
Overall, I am very disappointed. The reviews gave me the impression this would be a place I could order what I wanted and it would be at least semi-authentic.
Unfortunately, I will need to find a different Indian restaurant during the rest of my stay here.Drinks and food are a little slow to come out; they need to work on their service and organization a little bit. However, the food is excellent and the wait staff are super nice.I noticed this place had great reviews and happy hour every day, so we decided to give it a shot. We actually returned a few times to the bar and to the restaurant. But overall, we've decided it's not worth the price. The food is not as good as the similar fancy indian restaurant Indeblue and the staff at Veda can be a little surly (although some are nice). I will say that some of the happy hour snacks at the bar are totally scrumptious, but the drinks are just meh, and for such high meal prices, I expect the food to really blow me away. It doesn't. So, we probably won't be returning.Really nice new Indian restaurant. Went there for restaurant week. $35 per person for a starter, small plate, entree, naan and dessert. Of course the drinks were extra. Starting with the drinks - quite a good and creative selection of cocktails with an Indian twist. For food we had the okra salad, fried cauliflower, spinach chaat, chicken tikka masala, fish tamarind, lamb roganjosh, tofu and peas masala, and a bunch of desserts. The appetizers were quite good. The main course was also really good though I wish it would have a little. It more spice. The naan bread was warm and crisp. The fish was our least favorite. It sauce was on the sweet side and quite watery. The tofu peas was very salty. Overall I would have given the restaurant 4 stars. Dropped it to 3 stars from 4 because they charged us 25% gratuity for 6 people. There were 4 adults and two children and only the adults had dinner. To top it off no where on our restaurant menu did it mention that parties of 6 or more would be charged 25% tip. When questioned the server brought us the regular menu (which was never offered to us) which showed the tip policy. Our total bill was in excess $200 with out the tip. This certainly left a bad taste. If you have a party of less than 6 give this place shotThis is really good Indian fusion food. Had a good time with friends. Really love the environment.We loved the food here. It was super filling! The restaurant is beautiful and very fancy. 
We came here on a Friday night in August with no reservation and were seated at the bar. My brother ordered the chicken tikka masala and I ordered the Chana masala along with garlic masala. 
We loved the food! The Chana masala was so delicious! And completely dairy free. The rice was fresh and flavorful. My brother loved the tikka masala and said it was super delicious. 
I'd definitely come here for Indian food in center city!Great Indian Bistro on Chestnut right in Center City.  The space is modern and fun.  It was a Friday night and the bar was hopping as well, looked like fun.  Went with my gf and daughter and were seated immediately at a nice table for 4.  Waiter was very helpful and there were a nice selection of cocktails.  I had the Indian Version of the Margarita and it was very tasty.
We ordered the Lassoni Gobi, essentially fried cauliflower.  It's excellent with a spicy and tangy sauce, however, the cauliflower to breading ratio is probably too low.  We also ordered the pork ribs as an appetizer and these were outstanding, there was a battle over which of the 3 of us got the extra fourth rib.  Meaty and tender, with a great sauce, as good as any bbq place
For main courses we got the Chicken Korma (substituting chicken for the mushroom korma on the menu, for $2 well worth it), Chicken Biryani, and Tandoori Shrimp.  The Korma was outstanding, nice pieces of chicken in a creamy and delicious sauce.  The Tandoori Shrimp was my favorite, large crispy pieces of delicious shrimp.  The Chicken Biryani was ok, nothing special, and a lot of rice.  We also got Garlic Naan which was delicious, especially when dipped in the sauces. We ended with Golub Jamon as a dessert, it was ok.  The ice cream it came with was nice, but the Golub Jamon itself seemed like a couple of Rum Cake balls, nothing special.
Service was fast and friendly, and a manager stopped by to check on us and bus some dishes and even took our picture for us.  Very nice staff.  The cost was a little more than your normal Indian.  About $151 including tip and 2 cocktails, and all the food we had, so $50 per person.Veda is my new favorite restaurant. The space is beautiful, the service is attentive without being pushy or intrusive, and the food is absolutely delightful. My dining partner and I tried all of the vegetarian options on Veda's prix fixe lunch menu: corn soup, veggie curry soup (which was the soup of the day), channa dal, dal makhani, tofu mutter, and a paneer dish whose name I cannot remember, and we declared all of them to be the best, ever. The cocktails were pretty good too; my only critique would be that all of the cocktails' presentation (we tried four different ones) was a little lackluster, especially given their price point, but that's just a super minor quibble. I can't wait to go back to Veda!Ordered for pick up. 
Went into the restaurant and the lady at the front greeted me and told me to pick it up at the bar. 
Went to the bar and everyone working was too busy either serving bar guests or chatting to each other to help me. I had to track one guy down and asked him to pick up my order. He looked at me as if I had 5 heads and was really confused. He went on to ask someone else who also came and asked me if I was sure I had to pick up food - he as well was very confused. From there they ended up finding my food which was literally in a plastic bag on the counter right behind them/in front of me. I then paid for it and again had to wait while they were chatting to each other or serving bar guests. Finally I had to interrupt one of their chats and say I signed the bill now can I get my food. And the one guy said oh didn't realize you didn't get the food yet. And I said no and he handed it to me and I left. Just was a weird experience. 
Food tastes great though so they win points for that. Just in future if one person tells me to go to the bar to pay and pick up, then it would be nice if the people working at the bar also know this plan so they don't all look lost and waste time.I'm not all that familiar with Indian food but the bartender(Accosh?) recommended two different dishes that were spectacular. The bartenders all seemed to be grooving together and the place was very nice. I was only at the standing bar but the table layout and environment made it seem like a really good date spot. I will be going back***My friend asked me if I wanted to go to a new Indian restaurant on Saturday, about which I thought: a.) YES, obviously, and b.) "New?" How "new" could an Indian restaurant be? For better or worse, they're almost all the same, and interchangeable. NOT Veda. It's in the old Le Castagne spot on 19th and Chestnut, and it's beautiful from before you even enter the big glass doors. There's a monochrome library/cabinet of curiosities by the hostess stand (complete with an old fashioned phone), and while the bookshelves almost obscure the restaurant from sight, creating a really private and intimate feel once seated, you can see the bar and the barstools lined up by the window and entryway, which has more of a snappy, casual, European cocktail hour vibe. It was only 5pm when we got there to ask for a table but we were told they were all booked. The hostess called a party that was late for their reservation, and it ended up being a no-show, so we scored a table. The place quickly filled up. I should note that I owed my friend the seat with the view from last time we dined out and I got the booth seat (aka the People Watching seat) so I made the heroic sacrifice of sitting facing the booth, but because of the architecture of the place, there was no bad seat in the house - there was still plenty to look at and take in. 
The menu was a lot of fun because there were so very few "classics" that Americans are accustomed to. For example, Chicken Tikka Masala, my go-to, was noticeably absent, but there were a couple similar substitutes, such as Chicken Tikka Makhani, with fenugreek and honey, so I was "forced" to try something new, and I absolutely loved it!! The food is truly outstanding.
The service lost a point because (ready?) it was *too* attentive. The woman spent about 3 and a half minutes telling us about two new wines, but neither of us are into wine and so we all could have saved a lot of time (ours) and energy (hers). She also cleared our appetizer plate too soon, not realizing that we would want to literally scrape every fleck of the Spinach Chaat off the plate because it was THAT good. 
They were surprisingly stingy with the rice, which came free with the entrees, which is odd because the fact that rice is super cheap is no restaurant-industry secret. They brought basically a thimble full for both of us to share, and we had to ask for a second bowl, which was individually sized, not family sized. (Usually, restaurants provide one serving of rice per entree, not one per table.) 
We did the usual sit-back-and-digest move that one is wont to do at an Indian restaurant, and immediately three separate servers and the manager came up and asked if we were done. We were not. I understand that we were lucky to sneak in without a reservation but we were truly feeling pressured to move on and give up our seats.
None of that stopped me from raving about the restaurant for the entire rest of the weekend, though, about everything from the decor and vibe to the delicious food. Will absolutely be back and have promised everyone I know to take them to Veda. I'm especially interested in the prix-fixe lunch, the House Cardamom beer, and the kolfi, pictures of which look like a beautifully made panna cotta.I checked this restaurant out a few days ago with some friends for dinner.  Veda is very much trying to be the Rasika (DC famous) of Philadelphia.  No doubt the ambiance was nice, the food was presentable and mostly satisfying, but the level of service was extremely disappointing.  Maybe bc it's new and the staff are still learning, which I hope will be improved upon.  We waited an extremely long time to get our waters, and they served the entrees first before bringing the naan (waited another 5-10 min for the naan).  The price point for the entrees are a bit high for being a new Indian restaurant.  The spinach chaat was good, but the apple jalebi was awful and served lukewarm.  I'll wait another 4-6 months before considering to visit again to give them a chance to work out the kinks of what doesn't work.Happy Hour Paradise (.com). Amazing drinks (including cocktails and solid wine selection). Good quality meats (e.g. chicken and lamb are very tender, not gamy). I would go with any chicken or lamb entree, was underwhelmed the shrimp entree personally. The friendly service and very likable owners/staff make this place a joy to be a regular at!Wonderful service, gorgeous place, and great food. My friend is on the less adventurous side, and only orders chicken korma at Indian restaurants. The chef accommodated my picky friend and made chicken korma off menu. Ever dish we had was delicious. The corn soup and paneer lababdar were especially good. Highly recommend.Thrilled to have Veda in my 'hood!  A beautiful, inviting space, serving excellent cocktails (the Laila was my favorite) and delicious food.  Its upscale modern Indian food - more in the vein of IndeBlue vs. neighborhood Indian Cuisine.  Really enjoyed the gobi and samosas, chicken makhani and the fish kari was so delicious and tasty.  We will definitely be back!Dinner experience: 2 stars 
Lunch experience: 4 stars
I've been wanting to try this restaurant since it opened, but was really disappointed with my dinner experience. In a nutshell, I think the food is OK (Indian buffet quality) until you factor in the price point. I paid over $55 for a meal for one person (w/o alcohol) and left pretty much unimpressed with every aspect of the experience, even after coming in really hungry. 
The Seafood Bhel (small plate item) was interesting - a mixture of shrimp, scallop, and calamari mixed in with raw onion strips, carrot strips, and a spicy/tangy mango chutney. This was relatively flavorful, but would be much better if the shrimp, scallops, and calamari were not all so minuscule. For $12, the price point was all right for the portion. 
The Lamb Roganjosh, however, was very dry and not very flavorful. The portion was also not so impressive for the price of $21, especially considering you can get larger portions of more more tender/flavorful lamb dishes from quite a few South Asian spots in Philly for half the cost. 
Entrees involving meat + sauce come with a side of plain basmati rice, but no chutney, and naan/paratha range from $3 to $5 extra. The garlic naan I ordered turned out to be small, dry, and less stretchy/fluffy than ones I've had in every Indian/Pakistani/Afghan place I've visited in Philly. 
Not sure if I just happened to select all the wrong items on the menu, but all of the food I had was below average. The restaurant's interior is nice, but perhaps still not enough to justify the upcharge. I may return to try their HH specials or desserts, but probably not for dinner.
*8/17/17 update: 
I came back here for lunch and had a much better food experience. There are not as many options as other Indian buffets in town, but the options they had were very good. They had a few chicken dishes, veggie dishes, and palak paneer. In contrast to my prior experience, the chicken in the lunch buffet tasted moist and freshly made. The naan provided with the meal was also more fresh than the one I was given during dinner. For $15, it's a bit pricier than a standard Indian buffet, but factoring in the ambiance and cleanliness, I think it's reasonable. I would definitely come back to try the lunch buffet again.Great service with friendly staff. The restaurant has a tasteful and elegant ambiance with a casual vibe. As for the food, I tried the lunch buffet for $15 and it was all good! It's a good option for those trying to taste more Indian cuisine-options included yellow lentil dal, chana masala, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, and tandoori chicken. Also during the lunch special they have discounted drinks. Nice place to stop for flavorful food and drinks with friends.Loved this place. Being indian myself, I can get picky when it comes to finding "good" indian restaurants but Veda has exceeded expectations. From the food to the drinks to the service to the overall vibe/ambience...everything was fabulous! Cocktails are fun with cool names, we tried the Old Fashioned Gabbar and the Laila (try this if you want something refreshing) as well as a couple of wines from their Wine list. For apps, we had the Spinach Chaat, Spicy Reshmi Kabab, and Masala Crab Cakes. For an entree, we split the Chicken Tikka Makhani with a side of Garlic Naan since we were already getting stuffed and because you obviously can't ever go wrong with Chicken Tikka. Although every single item was delicious, I'd have to say my absolute favorite was the Spinach Chaat, could eat bowls of that stuff all day...no joke. Not to mention the owner brought out a complimentary Blueberry Kulfi for dessert which was also nothing short of amazing! Our service was also impeccable-we were checked on multiple times throughout the meal by different people. Lots of things on the menu I still want to try, def coming back! Including for happy hour ;)Raul the bartender, is one of the finest mixologists I've come across in all of Philadelphia. Great drinks, personality, and service.My sister, her son and I met for lunch at Veda today.
We were pleased with the smart, comfortable decor, friendly and attentive service and delicious buffet.  A good selection of well-prepared and replenished crispy pakoras, chicken, fish, vegetables, tofu!, rice and gulab jamun.  The mint, ginger beer was totally refreshing!  The 20% Yelp discount got us in the door, but we'll be back!This place is awesome. The ambiance is great, the people are friendly and the food is amaziinggg. 
I really liked their selection at the bar as well.Awesome happy hour! Quality, yummy cocktails and apps. Recommend the hummus and the old fashioned.Wonderful new Indian restaurant and in a great location!
First, Veda is beautiful in side.  The decor was very well done with the exception of some light issues.  It was VERY bright inside.  Hopefully they can correct that.
Service was very good and attentive.  Food came in a good amount of time.  We ordered the Mushroom Korma, Tofu Green Peas Curry, Goan Shrimp Curry and the Masala Hummus Platter.  ALL were very well done.  SO DELICIOUS and quite honestly, probably the best Indian food I've had in Philly.
Girly note... loved having the framed mirrors by the tables.  I could check my teeth, lipstick and hair during the meal.  HAHA
I hope they are very successful!  I will definitely go back and have already started to tell friends about them!This review is for happy hour only. The space is large, sleek and modern. Bar area is a decent size but got crowded quickly. Bartender was friendly and attentive but got in the weeds quickly and would have benefitted from a second set of hands. The hh menu is small; we got the fish which tasted fresh albeit a bit greasy and the spinach which was tasty and crisp. My wife enjoyed one of their signature cocktails. So I would give 3 1/2 stars. I will probably return for dinner as I'm not sure you can judge a new restaurant based on 2 hh dishes.Philly finally has a great modern Indian restaurant! The food and drinks are both great along with the ambience. Highly recommend this place!Some of the best Indian food experience I've had in Philly! Also check out their Balcony Bar, they've got some mad cocktail creations down there.Wonderful experience at Veda! I've now sat at both the bar and dining area and have enjoyed the food, service and ambience. The spinach chaat, gobi and chicken tikka makhani were superb. I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of their drinks. I consider myself a bit of a whiskey/drink snob and particularly liked the old fashioned and last train to Delhi. Will return!We were staying two blocks away at Center city and were looking for an Indian restaurant on what was a brutally cold February evening. With just a 15 min waiting time, we were shown to our table. We started with a spicy corn soup, lasooni gobi and crispy spinach chaat. Now I cannot be really sure if it was the hunger, the cold weather or the food (just kidding, it was the food), this meal came as close to gastronomical paradise as we had ever experienced. For Entrees, we ordered Baingan and Dal Makhani and they were really excellent too. Looks the cooks knew what they were doing. For Baingan/egg plant to taste good, it takes a lot of effort from steaming/frying it to marinating it in the right (rich, heart attack-inducing) sauce. 
Our experience going to restaurants with kids in tow, is always a gamble. It ranges from the downright "why would you just not stay home with your rowdy kids" to the gracious "Vasudaiva Kutumbakam (we are all part of one large divine family)". This one was closer to the latter. Waitstaff was nice and kind. Most importantly not coming in once every 30 seconds asking me if everything is fine (that's when you start wondering "is everything really fine?"). There was definitely a young couple giving us dirty looks from a table few feet away. I bear nothing but goodwill for them and wish for them to have a couple of kids of their own.Excquisite food and menu. Atmosphere lively yet relaxing. Service was above and beyond. A truly delightful dining experience.It can be a nerve wracking thing to bring an Indian friend to a fancy new Indian restaurant with some fusion things on the menu, and even more intimidating to bring coworkers who are beer and steak and potato types. Somehow, Veda pleased them all.
Happy hour here is incredible. Great discounts on food, cocktails, beer, and wine. The Old Fashioned and the Laila were on special and both delicious. The Calcutta ribs and spinach chat were good sized portions and very good- must order. The potato patties were good too and also a decent sized portion. Happy hour is only at the bar, but its a nice sized space with some room for standing and seating.
Dinner here was just as solid. We enjoyed the cauliflower app (almost like general tsos cauliflower), goan shrimp curry (rarely seen on menus according to my friend), the lamb vindaloo (tender lamb, not too spicy), the paneer makhni (creamy and delicious), the gulab jamus (we asked them to swap the vanilla for cardamom ice cream), and a reasonably priced $40 bottle of wine. My friends weren't a fan of the goat cheese naan but the garlic and herb was delicious.
Don't forget to check in on yelp for 20% discount! Will definitely be back for happy hour, and for their lunch special too!Food and service excellent. Beautiful setting. Spices exquisite. A big step up in Indian cuisine.Cool atmosphere - subpar food - very disappointing - food was bland and that's bad for Indian cuisineImpeccable service, wonderful portions (not too overwhelming---just right), nice decor, wonderful bathrooms (I had to say, love 'em sinks), trendy place to have wonderful food and wonderful service. All the best Veda, you're doing superbly!
Be warned: this is not the kind of place that offers those indian lunch buffets you may encounter in the typical indian restaurants. 
By the way, order the cauliflower appetizers---yum.By far the best Indian restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. The wall grafti was sick! The bar vibes were very cool, the drinks were 10/10 (Recommend the Laila), the appetizer were awesome (spinach chaat) 10/10. Great food, great ambiance and vibesThis was my first time at Veda, the atmosphere is great, staff were awesome and the food was also good. I wish my food had more flavor and spice but overall I'll give this place another shot. Maybe this time Ill go for lunch instead of dinnerEnjoyed Veda for a business lunch. Ordered directly off the menu, not from the buffet. Clean restaurant, pleasant atmosphere, very approachable.This is my first review (I think) because I totally fell in love with this place. They don't overpower their food with spices and stuff which is a huge win for me. It's really good for people who don't typically eat Indian. And literally everyone of their small plates is to die for. 
Okay now lets talk about the bar...yeah it's my new favorite bar/happy hour in the city. Raul and the rest of the bartenders put on a SHOW. It's right next to an open window too so you get some outside breeze as you watch them make your drink. And if you're a whiskey drinker like me, get your butt to Veda asap. #PapiThe restaurant was very modern with a great atmosphere. Perfect for a date! The food was also really good, served in cool dishes. I def recommend this place and would go again myself :)Lunch used to be very good but now the buffet is of poor quality. Food is cold even at  1 pm. It's so not worth the price anymore. I was excited to find a good Indian restaurant near Rittenhouse square but I am disappointed that it didn't last.Tip:
1. Spicy scale is no joke, its not an American spice scale- I got the 2 (out of 5) and felt the burn!
Had a really lovely meal here on Saturday night!  I will preface this that I love London style Indian curries, so my palate may be used to more cream / less spice than others.
Why have I never thought of a mango lassi cocktail before?  It was the perfect accompaniment to our spicy entrees.  Their whole cocktail menu was great!  We started with some delicious veggie samosas, with some fun adult drinks: mango lassi cocktail and a desi mule.  For entrees we had the Chicken Tikka Makhani (creamy, comforting) and Chicken Lababdar (spicy!). The Labaabdar was different from what I was expecting but very good- with onions and lots of pepper.  
Ambiance and service were both great, and there is an area in the back that looks like it can accommodate large parties.  I thought the prices were very fair, good size portions with enough for left overs.  
Will be back!This is my 2nd updated review. 
I did have a lot of complaints about Veda's dinner options, and the taste of their Curry's, but I had still given it a 4 star because of their service and drinks. 
This review is mostly to rave about their happy hour menu and their appetizers. I'm still not sure if I'll ever give their curries another try, but I'll definitely come back for more and more appetizers. We ended up coming back here for happy hour, as a friend of mine is a bartender there. Drinks are fantastic as always, especially Karishma.     Their chicken kebabs, chaats and samosas were so good and full of flavors. 
I'm glad I made a return visit here. :)Delicious. Modern Indian. Nothing typical thank goodness. The cauliflower appetizer is a must. With all of the delicious appetizers, we didn't order a main dish! We went twice in our short visit.DISAPPOINTED! 
we were rushed out in 30 mins on a lunch buffet. 
Excuse they had was a big party coming in for lunch, they should have specified this earlier that accommodation was contingent on wrapping up early which we wouldn't have agreed on as it was a BUFFET! 
Failed planning on their side.As my first review. This modern, hip bar/bistro is a place to visit to start off your night. The happy hour here is amazing; $6 old fashioned and a variety of indian inspired small plates for $5-6. As an added bonus try to sit at the bar for the half outdoor seating with a great ambiance and view. Also you can watch and converse with the great bartenders. They will make you personalized drinks catered to your taste and spirit. Def check out Raul, he was such a pleasure with an upbeat vibe and outgoing attitude.Went here with my sister for a chill dinner. 
Service was great, water was never empty. 
The tikka masala and biyani was prepared very well 
Garlic naan was not too memorable.
You don't get the authentic Indian food vibe but it was delicious and affordable.Hot new Indian restaurant concept in the heart of philly. Delicious food and beautiful drinks. The happy hour is a must visit offering 50% off drinks!!Awesome food! My sis and I went for Happy Hour and, my goodness, the bar food was so good! We had the chicken murmuri rolls and the samosas. In terms of the drinks: My Old Fashioned tasted like a typical Old Fashioned, nothing really remarkable but still well-made. I think my sister was more impressed by hers (some kind of cucumber drink) than I was by mine. But the food-- so good! Can't wait to come back for dinner. They have a 20% off coupon for Yelp check-ins.My fiance and I came to dinner last night at Veda! I was excited to try it out since I love trying modern Indian food. The service here was great! The hostess and waiter were both very friendly. Everyone in general had a friendly/kind vibe to them. Our waters were always filled. I got the Paneer Makhani and my man got the Tandoori Chicken. We also got Basmati rice and naan! The Paneer Makhani was flavorful and my man was very happy with his chicken. I like that they offered me a spice level for my paneer. I got 2/5, but next time I will get 3/5. I like food with a little spice but not overpowering. I also want to try the creative cocktails next time. My only wish about this place is that they give bigger size naan! It is much smaller than other similar types of Indian restaurants. We will be returning!!Cool ambiance. Menu needs work. Pricing needs to reflect quality of food. 
The food was okay but overpriced for the size / quality. We went during restaurant week for dinner. Portion sizes were on the small side, which admittedly could have been because of restaurant week. The salad that I ordered was very plain (why was it on the menu in the first place?), but the okra salad that my wife ordered was nice. For the second course, we had the Calcutta pork ribs, which tasted like American ribs, and the lassoni gobi, which tasted like Chinese sweet and sour pork but made out of cauliflower (not bad, but not that spectacular either). The curries were the the best part of the meal. The desserts were pretty good too.    
The service was great until we were asked to leave within minutes of finishing our dessert by some guy we'd never seen before. I don't think that we overstayed our welcome. The food took a while to come out, which was fine, but if they were so concerned about keeping to their reservation schedule, they could have timed their service accordingly. I honestly can't remember the last time I was asked to leave a restaurant. It made the rest of the service feel fake.
I think that this place has potential. They need to tighten up their menu and work on their pricing.I went there for lunch. The venue is beautiful. It's a nice spot for a date and a dinner party. The food was ok, but being from Edison, New Jersey, I'm a harsh critic when it comes to Indian food. The portions were decent. I got the tandoori chicken lunch special. The naan was ok but did not seem fresh. The rice was dry and also didnt seem fresh. The tandoori chicken was not properly charred, but had good flavor. I think if they keep the rice and naan fresh, and roast the chicken more, this place has incredible promise.  I will definitely be back. I am rooting for this place because Center City needs a classy and tasty Indian Restaurant.Great interiors
Good vibe
Definitely upscale
Went for the 4 course meal
Server was Kyle and he was awesome
Great for a relaxed dinner. Not good if you are in rush.
Yogurt and herb soup was good
Lasoni gobi lacked the taste of garlic (almost none)
Vegetarian thali: Presentation is awesome (see picture)
Dal Makhani: very good but not authentic
Korma: good
Chana: Not good
Palak paneer average
Didn't try sweets