Vegan-ish you are really exceptional, I had a wonderful experience here today. I was extremely surprised I never noticed it. You can order anything and it will be terrific, I tried Bangin Blackened Salmon Burrito and was very impressed. The staff were extremely professional and courteous. Vegan-ish - You've hooked us.Omg the burger is the BEST in the city! I would get this once a week if I were closer. This is the one you want at 3pm and 3am! West Philly's best vegan burger hands down! Just put a touch of ketchup and enjoy!I was excited about this place opening. I had the jambalaya tacos and another time I had the cheeseburger, both were really good. The staff were nice, food came out fast especially since everything is made to order. Only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the portions are small for the amount you pay. I am not a person that eats a lot but I felt like I should have ordered multiple things. Definitely recommend if you want something small to eat.Absolutely delicious!! So happy to have a Vegan joint within 10 minutes from my house. I ordered a basic burger with a few additions as well as the fried brussels sprouts which were beyond delicious.I will be back sooner than laterThere food is very good just wish they had more of a selection my go to is the Bella mushroom sandwich, Brussels, and buffalo cauliflower.Ewwww. Ordered the Bella Mushroom sandwich. My advice if you order this item or any others ask them to hold the human hairs. Ordered over Uber Eats about a third through the sandwich I began to choke on what was a long strand of human hair. In order to get a refund from Uber eats I had to prove that it with a picture. I didn't have to look far. I went back in the sandwich to see ANOTHER strand of hair. So yeah ewwww. Dine at your own risk.My 1st time trying Veganish, and it was Okay. I was happy to know we finally had a pescatarian/Vegetarian restaurant in West Philly. I order from Veganish through UberEats. I tried the Buffalo Cauliflower & The Crab cake Sandwich. I thought the Buffalo Cauliflower was okay, but a bit too spicy for me. The Crab Cake sandwich was pretty good, just taste little salty. Honestly I thought my food was pretty decent but not a fan of the price. My total order came to 30.00 $. Not sure if I would give them another try, but anything is possible..Awesome vegetarian food near the zoo! Needed a quick lunch, including for a 5-year-old - Veganish did not disappoint! Everything was freshly prepared and beautifully-tastefully seasoned. We thoroughly enjoyed the Bella Mushroom Sandwich and Vietnamese Hoagie and our grandson is inhaling his plain Cod-Avocado sandwich (had them hold the slaw and jam) and delicious, fresh fries that are perfectly salted-peppered. We also really like the taste and crispiness of the fried cauliflower, but wish there were more creative sauces than buffalo or BBQ. Nice place, friendly staff (who bumped our order up when Grubhub changed the ETA from 10-20 mins to just under an hour). Well worth the short wait for delicious, freshly prepared food. Will definitely be back!I've never experienced anything like this in my life. We got there at 7:05pm ordered 2 sandwiches and 50 mins later finally got two mediocre sandwiches. Their website says "fast food" so we stopped by for a quick bite before our flight out of Philly and almost missed our flights because it took so damn long to get our food. It was also pretty damn frustrating to see the employees making the food move at the speed of "snail". Honestly, don't waste your time eating here... find a nearby Burger King and get an impossible whooper.This place is fire!!! The blackened salmon wrap is amazing. It has ruined my life for the better, I look at everyone else's salmon as inferior (even my own). The fries are addicting and go great with ketchup or even bbq sauce if that's your vibe. On the days that I do not feel like picking up a pot or pan I can rely on this spot for a clutch meal. Thank you Vegan-ish please keep that salmon wrap!!!What stood out the most? The customer service was great! A majority of the staff here is less than 30 years old please don't that deter you. Each person we encountered was helpful and attentive. I walked in to inform the staff I would be bringing in a disabled person. They immediately sprung into action carving out a secure section for them. While I parked my car my guest was offered a complimentary soft drink while they wait for me. NICE TOUCH!
As a starter we had the buffalo cauliflower, yum! We both ordered the Chesapeake Crab Cake sandwich with fries and enjoyed it. The lemonade was very tasty not overly sweet but flavorful. Our portions were adequate and served hot. 
The decor is modern and bright with minimal decorations which works for the space. I found Veganish  very clean from the door to the open kitchen. A hard task considering on this day they were very busy. 
I don't live in the area but I will return and recommend others give it a try!...just got takeout from the new location on 15th and spring garden....all I have to say is WOW!!!...omg the food is so f'ing good!!...we had the chikn cheesesteak-bacon cheeseburger-cheese fries-avocado toast-and Buffalo cauliflower...and everything as beyond expected and we usually expect great food when we're trying something new, and like I said, the food went way beyond beyond expectations.
Good luck on the new location guys-and We'll be in again very soon (this week immediately )We stopped at this place on our way to a show at the Mann music theater it was very close and convenient to the venue. The food was extremely good the staff was super friendly and the environment was very welcoming. I'm glad to see a business like this thriving in the area. It was interesting that they have vegan food as well as fish. I've been a vegan for a long time but my wife eats fish so it was nice for her and our other guest to have options that were vegan even though I imagine non-vegans can thoroughly enjoy the vegan food. Highly recommend you check this out if you're in the area.I've been hearing about this place for a little while now but finally decided to check it out. It lives up to all the hype. I got a green smoothie, chick'n sub and fries. All were delicious, the sub was a little too spicy for me but I'll just try something new next time.Great vegan food! I loved the cheesesteak. Not sure what the sauce on it is but it made it taste amazing. Price is a bit high but I would still get this again.Delicious food!!! My partner & I ordered delivery & it was so yummy. He loved his vegan burger & I loved my crabcake sandwich, tasted fresh & amazing. We'll definitely be back for more!Wonderful vegan(ish) sandwich shop! Took my friend here for her birthday, we ordered the chick'n sandwich and the bbq burger (Smokey...) song with fries and Brussels. The brussel sprouts were seasoned well, not as crispy as preferable but very good. We both enjoyed our  meals and were stuffed afterwards. I like they had a little side salad with the meal. I ended up adding those  greens inside my sandwich Bc I wanted some greenery. Overall, can't wait to visit again - thumbs up!
We went on a Friday night around 4:30 and it was quite busy. Parking is in the neighborhood/street.Yummy, yummy yummy! Nuf said.  Support this establishment. And eat the good good they make.The food is decent, the burgers could use thicker patty or smaller buns either way they aren't the most proportionate but they are good. My BIGGEST issue is the wait time. It's atrocious. The service is also not the best. You need to call maybe an hour and a half in advance. I gave them the first try, and then the second I just left without my food because waiting in 100 degree weather for vegetables is insane. Please improve guys!I love it here.  The food is fresh and flavorful.  Shrimp taco has so much flavor with the pico de gallo and Adobo Mayo.  If you're looking a delicious sloppy burger look no further than the nacho Burger.  Guacamole cheese sauce and salsa on the most amazing bun.  I get it all the time and I'm never disappointed.This hip and stylishly decorated restaurant is a must try!
I'm as carnivorous as they come and I thoroughly enjoyed my "chicken" sandwich with a spicy aoli and the Vietnamese hoagie, with a side of fries and the green smoothie.
At first glance, it looked like those production-perfect sandwiches from a commercial. The "chicken" patty was thick, well seasoned and crispy on the outside. I also liked the bread they use.
The vegetarian take on the Vietnamese hoagie was pretty spot on. If I order it again, I would just request that the roll be a little less toasted. The mushrooms to replicate the meat texture were very well seasoned.
The fries were very good and I like that they don't basically powder them in salt. It's a subtle saltiness, as it should be.
The green smoothie was cool and refreshing. I also had a sip of the non-dairy chocolate shake and it was amazing. Oddly enough, it perfectly complimented the fries, so when I go back, I'll get one with a side of fries to dip into it, lol!.
+1 for the environmental-friendly paper straws!This place is awesome!  The perfect place for my pescatarian family!  And sooo delicious!Decided try Vegan-ish on a recent trip to Philly. I tried the Fried Brussel sprouts and Buffalo cauliflower. Service was good but fried foods to go didn't allow me to full enjoy my meal. On my trip to Philly I will be sure to try more menu options.Super tasty, hearty vegan burgers. Fries are really salty. Buffalo cauliflower is actually crispy and well cooked. the vegan cutlet sandwich also a win. When you want comfort food that's still vegan, this is it.The bangin' blackened salmon burrito was delicious!!! I ordered through ubereats and for the first time in years my food was actually hot enough just to eat it straight from the bag. At first the burrito looked a bit small to me but it was stuffed with salmon which made it quite fulfilling. I am eager to try more things on the menu. Also if you see this veganish I will gladly become a brand ambassador for a free burrito lol.My vegetarian wife was really excited to hear another veg spot was opening in West Philly. So was I! Some of y'all know how hard it is to find vegetarian or vegan to take out at odd hours. Well enters vegan-ish to add those name to the West Philly specialty foods party. When we arrived the lines were literally out the door. My only pet peeve about the experience was watching some people get their food first after ordering waaaaayyy after other people. But I get it. It's opening day and things happen. 
The food itself was pretty amazing. Arguably some of the best vegetarian food I've had. My wife really really enjoyed it, too. 
My favorite was the "When Smokey Sings" burger with coleslaw and some type of special sauce. Brussel sprouts were chard perfectly. We will definitely be back but maybe in a few weeks when buzz comes down a little bit. I don't feel like waiting two hours again lol
BTW The price point is pretty comparable to a place that rhythms with "Sip City Says" lolTrying to support local businesses  affected by the pandemic and now riots, did not expect to find my new FAVORITE restaurant!! Vegan-ish is amazing! We ordered takeout-it was ready the minute we got there. We got  (vegetarian) Bacon  Cheeseburger -my son inhaled it, it must have been great. I had the the Bangin Blackened Salmon Burrito-it was delicious with kale, Caesar dressing and fried chickpeas. I had the second half the next day for breakfast-what a treat! We also got the Jambalaya Shrimp Taco with very fresh tasty shrimp and perfect avocado slices. This place is really special - it's our new go-to and we look forward to being there when it reopens for table service. GO TO VEGAN-ISH! The food is SOOO good!Super tasty! I ordered through Uber eats and oh my it was so good! I'm lactose intolerant and was able to indulge in cheese and their strawberry milkshake! The best ever! Food that tastes amazing and food that makes you feel great too! Thank you!!! I'm sad I don't live here or I'd be back!The food was great! Very fresh ingredients, with a unique taste! The restaurant is very clean, modern and comfortable. I love that they had the vegan and pescatarian options!This place is amazing!!! I had a philly burger and fries and devoured it in the car!!!! Big ups to the owner I'm so Prada him lol I had to call and give him his flowers because a review on yelp just isn't enough! SUPPORT BLACK BUSINESSES!!!!Customer service and food is absolutely delish. The cauliflower wings , vegan steak and burger were  soooo good. I waited a minimum for 15-20 mins for my food. The staff were very pleasant. Veganish will  definitely will earn my business again.The shrimp burger was the bomb. I wish I would have taken a picture but I was starving. The bread was sooooo soft and buttery and the shrimp patty was seasoned perfectly. They gave me a lot of avacado which I was happy about. I also got the green smoothie which was really refreshing! I can't wait to come back to try more itemsTried this place at a recommendation. Must say that I was pleasantly surprised! The fried brussel sprouts were really good and the Buffalo tenders were good as well. Met the owner and we discovered that we know some of the same people. I will be back to try other things on the menu. I hope the portions are a little bit bigger. Nice atmosphere and very clean.The place is new and cute. 
The Fried cod fish Sandwich. It was really tasty, a blend of sorta sweet and spicy, it was a  really good amount of avocado on it. However, the cole slaw was a  little too wet. 
The buffalo cauliflower came about 5 pieces at $5 so $1 each ? It was a little too much breading for my taste however it was nicely coated in a nice sauce. 
The Chickpea Burger Samosa was bomb.com so good!! If you ever had an Indian samosa it resembles the taste of that (hence its name). It was very flavorful had a great crunch and balanced out nicely with the apricot chutney. 
The arugula side salad $6 was very skimpy just arugula and maybe 4-5 slices of tomato.
The staff were friendly and helpful. Service was slightly slow but everything is made to order. Can't wait until they get their online ordering will be back to order sandwiches:)This place is AMAZING but why the 4 stars, well the wait was too long and the space was to small.  As busy as they were I figured their seating area would have been bigger.  They location was in a weird spot but im not from Philly.  I had a lot of the items from the menu.  Overall food was really good.With all the promising reviews, I had high hopes for Vegan-ish. My mistake was ordering to-go from this restaurant; I think dining in would offer a much better experience in terms of the food quality. I tried the cauliflower wings, which were completely completely soggy and soft and mushy by the time I tried it. The burger I got was also simply soggy and tasted too sweet. 
When I came into the restaurant to pick up my order, it took awhile before anyone came to help me with my order. I gave them my name, which was actually the wrong name, and they looked like they went to look for my name. I stood there for 15 minutes with no updates. Luckily, my bf came into the restaurant and told me and them that it's under his name.My daughter just brought me vegan-ish and I'm a little disappointed. I had buffalo cauliflower without sauce so I guess it is just fried cauliflower. No seasoning. Could have used some crispness too. The fries were not tasty at all. I like fries that are crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. These weren't that!! I also decided to have the Ginger Carrot Lemonade. I didn't taste any carrots or ginger.  Oh well ,maybe it was just an off day. Everyone is allowed to one of those, right??Food is amazing. I loved the unique layout and design of the restaurant. It's also clean and the staff are super professional.Burger wasn't bad. Fries were disappointing. Lacks value without value meals or combos. The Jack up is on with everything A la carte!!!Loveeee the chickpea "salmon" burger. They put fries in the burger which is a plus (you don't have to order the fries) but order them anyway! Their shakes don't miss either and they deliver in West Phila.My husband and I went to Veganish and we are fans for LIFE! I had the Banging Salmon Burrito, OMG, it was the best and first salmon burrito I've had. The brussels sprouts were good as well. My husband had the Nacho burger and all he kept saying was yum. He also had the shrimp nachos and fries, he thoroughly enjoyed his meal. He said that he couldn't tell that he was eating beef. We also tried the vanilla shake which I loved and my husband had a strawberry.
The place was clean and the staff was courteous. The owner Mark was on location at the time and checked on us to make sure that everything was to our satisfaction. The music was lively and there was a constant stream of customers.
The only thing that I don't like is that we live an hour outside of the city. But we will definitely go back often. My next try will be the Chesapeake Crab Cake sandwich and and the Chickpea Burger Samosa.  
Check it out, you won't be disappointed!Came to the wonderful restaurant today based on a request from my daughter. It's always nice to happen upon an establishment that really exceeds your expectations.  The food was really tasty and the service equally as satisfying.  We ordered online and everything was prepared as described.  I recommend trying this business as soon as you can!! It will not disappoint.Loved this place! Stopped in randomly as it's new to my neighborhood so I happened to just be riding past. There are literally no nearby vegan/ pescatarian eats so I was super excited to give it a try and boy was it DEL-ISH! The customer service was amazing, the cashier was polite and smiling. The location is clean, food presentation was great and tasted even better. We ordered the bbq tenders w/ fries, Bella burger, and jambalaya shrimp tacos. Highly recommend and I will definitely be returning!
P.S. I would've given this spot 5 stars but I had to run back to the restaurant after getting home because my Bella burger wasn't in the bag--no big deal though!Especially great time to support Black owned businesses. I ordered the chick'n sandwich and brussel sprouts, and both were great. This neighborhood spot is just as good as HipCityVeg, if not better!The staff pleasant and nice, excellent customer service-yay! The Green-ish Smoothie was delish. Decided on the bacon cheese burger. The burger while tasty was dry and hard. The bun like toast. The bacon was tough, not sure why. Not at all what I expected. I would give another try. Hoping for the best. Perhaps opening weekend, a little busy Sunday.The food is way over priced & it's just mediocre. The Chick'n cheesesteak was $15 & in the pictures on Ubereats has fries next to it, well when it got here it was just the sad sandwich. No fries. So that's a sneaky finesse because why is every sandwich pictured next to fries but none of them come with fries? I'm thinking if I'm paying $15 for something I at least am getting fries with it or it should be decent amount of food. Not to mention the sandwich itself is small & there isn't much "meat" in there. NOT worth the $15 I paid. It's ashame too because I really want to support black & vegan businesses but Vegan-ish is definitely out of their mind with the prices.This was the best Vegan Burger I've had.  Worth the trip into Philly .   Fast Service and FriendlyBlack owned vegan restaurant in West Philly?  Yes, its a must try!
Veganish delivered excellent flavor, freshness, and there was plenty of food to keep you full!
We tried two of the burgers, fries and buffalo cauliflower.  We were full and fulfilled.  
Everything on the menu sounds delicious and love they offer seafood options (the "ish" part). Definitely going back!
Oh, and the customer service was prompt and polite, and they provided updates due to delays (COVID).The food was great I ordered the salmon burrito and my fiancée ordered the "burger" . We also had cauliflower and fries . I think the bill was about $30 which is reasonable. The cashier was friendly ! the business is black owned!  ( yes that part matters ) . I'll definitely be backGreat customer service, delicious salmon and kale burrito for only $10.  The salmon was crispy and spicy! Yum!!! I am definitely going again if I'm in the areaWhat a delight to find both a black-owned and plant based restaurant. The restaurant is clean , the food is good, and the staff are pleasant.Staff is very helpful. Food comes out hot. Prices are reasonable. Great customer service. I wanted to keep this review short because I will be back. It is also great to know that one of the owners is an alum of the Lincoln University of PA, my alma mater.Easy/safe pick up option for one of the best dinners we've had during quarantine. The spicy chicken sandwich was delicious and hearty, fries were great, buffalo cauliflower was the perfect balance of crispy but you can still taste the cauliflower too. Highly recommend!This was my first time trying! I'm give it 4 stars only because I never dined inside nor ordered inside. 
I order online off yelp thru grub hub . The menu was good. I choose the the Chesapeake bay crab sandwich and fries. My order was completed quick and ready for pick up . I was able to park out front . Due to the. Here the pandemic issue, curbside only and delivery I believe. There was a few people at the door area waiting. I sat in the car, then called to check if my food was done and they young lady brung the bag out to me. She was friendly and very welcoming. 
Now let's talk about the food!! Hands down .... awesome PERIOD!! The flavor, texture and taste was so good! Fries was hot and of quality! I enjoyed every bit! If this was not real crab meat then I was fooled lol 
Yes I recommend yes I'll return and it was good price and yes good customer service when I called. A must go must try! West Philly gem! Black owned!Yesss! Finally an amazing vegan place with great ambience and employees. Before my sisters and I entered, Ziyah opened the door for us because it was raining and even gave compliments to us about our outfits lol! While looking at the menu, I noticed the dope artwork displayed and music. The hip hop and rap music was not too loud but perfect to bop to in your seat. 
There were plenty of options to choose from and Ziyah was excellent with answering all the questions about the menu. The Cripsy Golden Tenders and Vietnamese Hoagie were very tasty! I would love to come back here to try out their other options. 
PS: Ziyah deserves a raise.I have eaten there many times and really enjoyed the food , however, I am highly disappointed!! I placed an order for delivery as soon as they opened because I was unable to pick it up like I usually do. I ordered online through Veganish website and was suppose to receive my delivery at 11:30am. It was 2:30 and I had not received my food so I called the restaurant only to be informed my food had been sitting there ready since 11:30. I spoke with the manager and told him, had I known my order was ready and been sitting there that long, I would have made arrangements to have it picked up. He then proceeded to say he was not responsible for the delivery drivers!!! Again, trying to rectify the situation, i told him I would pick it up if I could have my food made over. He refused and then repeated he doesn't do refunds!! When I asked him for the number of the company he used for his delivery service, he couldn't provide that information as well!! To make matters worse, I was charged for food I never received! I will never patronize this establishment again. It is so disappointing wanting to support a small black owned business and being treated the way I did for something that wasn't my fault. I understand it was the third party's fault, however, the owner did not provide any suggestions to make this right! And for that, he has lost me and my family as customers!!!The food was absolutely amazing....fresh, well done, seasoned, and hot. I placed a telephone order and to my surprise after driving for about 10 minutes after picking up my order I decided to take a bite of the "when smokey sings burger" it was still reasonably hot as well as um um good lol. The brussel sprouts are very mouth-watering and the fries are crispy without being over cooked. 
The staff is very very mannarable, respectful, pleasant, the young person on the register is absolutely amazing and apologetic. The owner wants all of the customers to feel at home, welcomed. He wants your order to be what you ordered. He seems to be very reserved and laid back. Overall I'm impressed. Will try again..I've been meaning to try this place and I finally did! I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but curious lol. My sister and I called them directly and ordered pickup for "bacon cheeseburgers" with fries on the side. Was a little taken aback that everything is a la carte, but eh, what can you do? I personally can't say how it was inside since my sister went in to get the food.  She did say it looked nice and there were younger people working. Just know it's hard to park around there and I had to double-park on the famously busy 52nd Street lol. Food was ready in a decent time for direct pickup (about 20-25 minutes).
The food was piping hot inside the bag and smelled amazing. Once we got settled to eat, we opened it and the burger looked like a real burger, and the smoky mushrooms that acted as bacon tasted like bacon! The cheese was good too and didn't taste plastic-y like other vegan cheese I've had before. Even though the burger was a little smushed, it was good and the fries were good too. My sister didn't like the cheese sauce they had for it but it was good to me. I'd come back to try more food. :-)The food is amazing! I am not a vegan but I enjoyed every bite of my "When Smokey Sings" Burger! The customer service was awesome. The Muhammad Ali picture adds a nice touch to the place. Great food! Great Vibes! I'll be back!Buffalo cauliflower is delicious!!!! Especially with the chipotle sauce! They strawberry shake is fantastic as well #SupportBlackOwnedBusinessesWould not recommend. This place was recommended to me by a friend while I was visiting Philly and the food was okay, but we also ordered 2 shakes that they were not able to fulfill on our order. I'm not sure why, they just said they didn't have shakes that night but also said they cannot refund the order. 
We ordered pickup through Postmates. I've contacted postmates 4 different times via 4 different avenues and they all state it is the restaurant's responsibility to process the refund. 
It has now been nearly a month and I have been calling veganish weekly to check the status of this. Initially I met a nice employee who was trying to help and process it. Today I called and got a very rude employee who said "I can't really help you there's nothing I can do". He gave me the number to "the owner". I called that number and it is out of service. 
I am extremely stressed financially right now, and wanted to support this business while in Philly for an emergency situation and the only thing I got out of it was losing money and time for nothing. I guess go here if you want to pay for okay vegan food and also pay for items you never receive with no option for a refund...Woah. I knew the menu looked great with a million things for a funny eater to try, I had no idea that this sandwich would challenge my long standing favorite West Philly sandwich. Im hooked on the Tofu Banh Mi at another West Philly food spot, and I like to try other veggie banh mi to compare. The Vietnamese Hoagie at Veganish hits all the important banh mi points, good bread (which had been lightly grilled inside!), the right veggies including jalapeños, and a smooth and tangy sauce. Now the eggplant, please let me tell you about the eggplant. Thinly sliced, perfectly cooked to be both toothsome and creamy. A solid sandwich, I would absolutely order it again. Now, the Chick'n Cheezesteak. I was offered a bite of my friends sandwich, from that brief bite my impression was that this is  a solid menu item. Again the bread was lightly grilled inside so it stood up to the heavy, well sauced, uniformly cubed chick'n. The cheeze they used achieved melted coverage, without being slimy. Good, classic, Philly comfort food, made vegan. One more place Im looking forward to going to in person post pandemic.Horrible  service I don't recommend anybody to come here ... and the food is horrible....Happy New Years !!! 
I decided to give Veganish another try to end out my 2020. I order the Chick n Cheese steak with a side of BBQ Cauliflower. The Chick n Cheesesteak was awful. Whoever prepared the Cheesesteak used way TOOOOO much salt !!! it was inedible in every way imaginable. The BBQ Cauliflower was drenched in BBQ sauce, just didn't taste like anything special to me. I refuse to waist anymore money on this restaurant, for food that doesn't even come close to 3 stars.I've ordered from this place before and the food is really good which is why this isn't 1 star. However, their food is not worth the price or the wait time. 
Today I placed an order for pickup through Postmates and was told at 7:15 that it would be done in 5 minutes so I went to the restaurant and stood outside for 45 minutes! Other people were coming and placing orders when they arrived and got their food before me. My food took more than an hour to be made, not 5 minutes like they said on the phone when I placed the order. I don't mind the food taking a while to cook, but please do not have your customers standing outside for 45 minutes without any explanation.
All this just to end up with soggy burgers and cold fries.Ordered on their website 3 burgers, cauliflower Buffalo, cheesy fries and 2 smoothies. Arrived after estimated time for pick up. Waited over 30 min at the restaurant and then received cold food. I had to heat it up in the oven and I am 8 min away from restaurant. the Buffalo cauliflower felt like it just came out of the fridge. 
I ordered food around 524. I tried to support smalll restaurant but will Not order again for cold food. The restaurant itself was really pretty.I ordered through DoorDash, I got the crab burger and it was abhorrent. The bread was wet & soggy. While the crab was flavorless and mushy, although I saw ingredients on it. The lettuce was lifeless and the tomatoes were bland. I have no idea how I just took a bite out of a sandwich that taste like nothing on burnt bread! Never again!!!!Vegan burger and vegan cheese fries, a vegan fattys' dream. I tried the bacon cheeseburger and the nacho burger with a side of fries and brussel sprouts. The burgers were delicious. I really love how restaurants are experimenting with imitation bacon. 
The fries were okay. Pretty much your run of the "meal"restaurant fries. Better than McDonalds but nothing on Chick-fil-a. 
I was salivating in anticipation of the brussle sprouts and I was sadly disappointed. They were okay. I was hoping they might be a little more crispier. 
Over all the food is decent and the vibe is nice. The playlist was hitting and didn't make the wait too bad. The staff was pretty nice. However, they charged us a dollar for sauce on the side, which I thought was very capitalist, but it works in their favor because my boyfriend loves sauce.I did not like this AT ALL.
Crab burger- fell completely apart including bread, it was just a mess. 
Buffalo cauliflower- nope, greasy falling apart.
I don't know what happen here, can't win them all.It was amazing. Bangin Blackened Salmon Burrito seemed a bit small for me though. The Buffalo Cauliflower bites were great and the crispy chicken sandwich as well. We'll be back for sureThe place was understaffed and it was a hot day.  The people who had to work seemed worn out.  AC was enough, at least for the customers.  My bacon burger and one of my friend's bacon burger were cooked too much.  My avocado smoothie was good and another one of my friends liked the french fries, which weren't bad.  
I'm not sure how the seafood is here.  I was tempted to try, but I wanted to eat vegan because my friends are vegan and I wanted to be respectful of that since we went there because it was a vegan place nearby.
The interior decor is superb and very homely.  It is a nice local establishment to try to vibe up the 52nd St. business district with its neighbor next door.This food was amazing!!!! You need to get the cheese fries, you wouldn't know they weren't real cheese! Amera, Marc, and Tray are such good friends employees, so easy and helpful and Made my experience great. The milkshake and the Philly burger is fire!Love this place. Good selection of food that taste so good. 
BBQ Cauliflower 
And any vegan burger is a good choiceThis is my 3rd time supporting this establishment.  Honestly, the first 2 times, I had to wait at least 30 minutes, but the food was excellent, so I excused the wait. I will always support vegan and I will especially support and love on black businesses; however, tonight was kinda' the last straw.  I can't excuse repeated experiences that challenge my support. I called in my order: a Nacho burger and a carrot-ginger lemonade.  
I drove from Camden, JERSEY (I said I support) 20 minutes after completing my order.  When we got there, there were at least 6 parties waiting. Long story short, we waited for over an hour to get two items.  
We were told the Wifi didn't work, so orders never printed.  I wasn't acknowledged for over 20 minutes.  Staff was apologetic about the wait and I brushed it off.  But when we got home, the burger only had tortilla chips and some red sauce on the bun, underneath the burger. No guacamole. Little cheez sauce.  I was floored. 
I'm still going to ride or die for black business, but I need the love returned. Three strikes for this one and unfortunately it's out.Brilliant hoagie with seitan and vegan sauces.  Loved it. The vegan cake was also tasty.  Will be back.  Worth the 20 mins drive. Prices were slightly more than I expected however after having the meal it is worth it.Had Vegan-ish for lunch the other day. I enjoyed the When Smokie Sings. I will be back. Service was excellent as the staff were very courteous. 
I hear concerns about the wait time: please note it is not fast food, but made to order. I feel the wait was appropriate as I went during lunch hour. 
I plan to go again. Great work Vegan-ish!All I can say is the crab cake is FIYAH!!!! Sooo good, just go ahead and order two of the you will thank me later.Vegan-ish is a gem that can be hard to spot from the street if you're passing by (see picture for storefront). All of their dishes are vegan or fish, which is great for us. We ordered their chickenless cheesesteak which was enough for two people to split and really delicious. For sides, we ordered the Brussel sprouts and buffalo cauliflower. Brussel sprouts were okay, but the buffalo cauliflower was amazing. 
We had a slight mixup where they forgot to include one of the items I ordered when I picked up, but I was able to get a refund no problem when got home and called, realizing the mistake. So +1 for good customer service.
Bonus points for earth-friendly cardboard containers and no plasticware! Can't wait to go back and try some more of the menu (and return for the cauliflower).The food is okay, though nothing special. The fried Brussel Sprouts lack seasoning, the mushroom burger is tiny and overwhelmed by the roll. The green- ish smoothie is quite flavorful. Unfortunately the service is poor. Waited half an hour for this while people came on and out. Pretty clear they forgot the order but didn't have the courtesy to say so or compensate in any way. So overall a big eh.I ate here two nights ago and was excited to go back. Now I wish I had not tried to make a good thing happen twice in one week, because I was very disappointed!
I ordered the bbq cauliflower after falling in love with it on day one. Today, it is a mass of solid veg that my fork can barely penetrate. 
I also ordered the "giant" avocado toast. This item is neither giant, and can barely claim to include avocado. This think piece of sourdough toast was smaller than my hand, and was accompanied by 4 slivers of avocado. I doubt even a quarter of an avocado was used tho make this. This item would be called salsa on toast.
My partner ordered the chickpea samosa burger. I guess overloading it with curry sauce is what made this soggy sandwich special. We were disappointed to see that the chutney was not included, and vegan Mayo was used instead. 
Ya'll need to slow down. I saw 4 people working here, and only one guy cooking who was clearly overwhelmed.