I'd love to try this again based on other's reviews. The night I went, the kitchen was about to close and we got seated upstairs which was almost empty and lacked ambiance. Hoping to get a better vibe next time.Everything here was wonderful-the food, service, all of it. Played are a bit small and pricy but nonetheless we will be back!Arrived here at 4:40 to ensure that we would get a seat and we did right away. Kitchen doesn't even open until 5, if that says anything about the usual wait. We had Richard as a server who was absolutely fantastic, very knowledgeable about the menu (apparently he used to be a chef here), very friendly. 
Started with pumpkin & brown butter toast and a scallop ceviche. I found the toast relatively average, not worth the price tag; on the other hand, the scallop ceviche was pretty incredible, a very well thought-out blend of flavors and textures complementing the scallop pieces themselves. 
Then she had half the amish chicken, and I had the sea bass. It was honestly the best cooked fish I've ever had, with a perfectly crisp skin bordering the tender and flaky meat. All served on some vegetables in an exquisite broth. The way I'm talking about it, I have to agree that Vernick does live up to the hype. 
Dessert was the jewish apple cake and the semifreddo. Both very unique, very tastefully done. I would have to say the one weakness I felt they had was the cocktails. Reasonably priced yes, but they aren't the best I've ever had (Charlie's keeps its title in my book).Best meal we've had in Philly. We ordered about 10 dishes, a variety of small and large plates to share between four people - perfect for sampling and felt very satisfied at the end of the meal. Each dish was amazingly fresh and well-balanced with stunning presentation. Absolutely delicious. Highlights were the toasts (crab was so good) - cauliflower, crudos, pastas, sea bass ... on second thought it's actually challenging to think of a highlight because we enjoyed everything. Strong, tasty cocktails and great service rounded out an excellent night. The only thing we didn't try was the dessert, so that'll be our excuse to return!Down in Philadelphia for the night and decided to give this restaurant a chance after reading the Yelp reviews. It didn't disappoint. Sat comfortably at the bar, good service from both the hostess and the bartender. Food was very fresh and well prepared. Started with very fresh avocado on toast and then moved on to a very nice pork shoulder, though a bit chewy. But, the winner was my wife's roasted half chicken: very juicy and flavorful. As has been mentioned on the reviews here before, the blueberry dessert with vanilla ice cream is a must try.Vernick Is a place I would definitely take a date and hopefully you get the cute seats on the second floor by the outdoor balcony.  
As far as the food goes.  It was pretty good.  The ones I recommend is definitely try the Pea and Bacon toast.  I still drool thinking about it.  The grilled octopus was prepared very well and the hamachi were the ones that stuck out! 
Of course dinner wouldn't be complete without dessert.  We went for the mini cookie sandwiches.  They were sooooo good and definitely helped end the meal well! 
For service, I thought it was a little bit slow.  We waited a little too long in between plates and I felt like my server was gone alot and didn't really check back as much.The food here is excellent, especially the small plates. I would skip the mains and order the uni, tuna tartar, and the raw salmon dish. Their toasts are also good. This place would be 5-star if it weren't for the price. For the size of their portions, it's just not good value.Great place to dine. Both the chef tasting and at the tables. Romantic atmosphere for date night. We look forward to going back so many nice dishes to try and can't do them all in one sitting. Service was great and we were not rushed.It's a bit pricey, but its money well spent! 
I like to call their Martinis custom made! If you just ask the bartender to make a special martini for you he will wow you with the preparation and the taste. I personally take my good sweet time drinking these specially prepared Martinis, not only because I know I'm paying for it, but because of how serious he is about preparing it. Ok if the Martinis are this good... Wait till you try their dishes!!! My mouth is watering just thinking of it! Every dish is prepared with so much flavor. Like the Martinis, I don't want the experience to end as I take each bite, I do it with such ease because I indulge in each moment, so not to forget it. Hahaha! Yes I know what you're thinking! It's a foodgasm! 
So although it's a bit pricey, foodgasms are worth every dime!Great meal last weekend at Vernick.
We had the nicest server (with handlebar moustache, Kaleb).
Food was all sustainable, farm to table, small plates.
Scallop crudo was excellent, as was the avocado toast w/ spicy radish.
Interesting cocktails.....I had the NEWgroni w/ grapefruit and Aperol. 
Salad with a crusted egg was delicious, as was the sea bass w/ broccoli and olives.
We shared a lot of small plates and had a really fun night upstairs.  
Philly is a great food city, can't wait to go back!Simply the best meal we have ever had in the city. From the raw oysters to crab toast to a daily special blackened maco shark toast and finally the sea bass everything was unbelievable! The service was top notch and the wine selection excellent. Go... You won't be disappointed.Vernick - wow.  That's really all I can say - WOW.  This place is wonderful.  My girlfriend and I visited last weekend and we had a fantastic dining experience.  The service staff is top notch.  Everyone is very friendly and our waitress was wonderful.  And the food, oh the food!  Absolutely delicious!  I had the Arctic Char and I sampled some of my friend's Striped Jack. Both were fantastic.  Overall a fabulous experience.  I'm already telling everyone about it!  I will be back for sure!Stylish Place.
Very Accommodating staff.
Now onto the FOOD...
Maryland Crab on Toast.
Arctic Char/Crispy Skin/Dill.
Beets/Sheep's Milk Ricotta.
Mushroom Salad/Crispy Egg/Frisee/Porcini Cream. (Disappointing... I think they mistakenly went a little too heavy handed with the salt. It could have been a hit if it weren't for the mishap. No harm, no foul.)
Warm Parmesan Custard/Caramelized Baby Artichokes.
Roasted Organic Amish Chicken/Lemon & Herb Jus.
I would say that the two dishes that we really REALLY LOVED were the Crab on Toast & the CHICKEN!!
THEE dish I would UNDOUBTEDLY return for is the CHICKEN!! OMG!!
JUICY & TENDER and Seasoned PERFECTLY!!
The BEST Roasted CHICKEN I have EVER HAD!!
My mouth is watering just thinking about that CHICKEN!!
There is NOTHING like it!!
I can't even believe Roasted Chicken like that EXISTS!! 
So darn good...Delicious. Expeditious. Marvolishous. Flavorishious. Chocloticious. 
All 5.  
I had shrimp Thai rice. 5+ stars. Also parmigiana custard with bread marvelous. Get the bread unbuttered. 
Sea bream my wife loved. Duck was wonderful. 
Chocolate cake was tied with best I ever had. Would b best but I don't insult chocolate of this caliber. All so good. Caramel topping is actually made of specially imported micro miniature Carmel capsules. Ok. Just joking.  But it was not like any other. The rest is pure 10-40;(. This is the best.  
Marscapone napolian was wowalisious.  
Try the cappachino. Rival coffee is great.Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philly. I went in with my boss and we needed a quick meal. We tried sourdough toast with Salmon topping, beef cheek with polenta and bass. Everything from food to service was excellent.Fairly quiet ambiance. Very good food, and "small plates" actually bigger than you would expect.  We ordered too much. Toasts were excellent starter. Beet salad and octopus salad excellent.  Brussels sprouts and fettuccini with shitake also excellent. Couldn't manage dessert. Very attentive wait staff.What a delicious place!  It is in a great location of the rittenhouse.  My husband brought me here for my birthday.  We sat upstairs by the window and it was a perfect summer night!  The service was great and they brought out a candle for my birthday.
Our favorite dishes were the grilled octopus (cooked to perfection) and steamed halibut.  The fish was made with basil broth base which was amazing.  It was light and refreshing but at the same time filled with bursting flavors.I wanted so bad to leave 5 stars - but something had stopped me. The food is presented beautifully and has impeccable taste. I ordered a specialty drink martini which missed its mark with me - my husband got a Tom Collins which was wonderful. The chef gave a complimentary tasting of a potato soup which was out of this world. We started off with small plates; the oysters, sea urchin scrambled eggs and tuna poke. The raw oysters were In a blood orange sauce and were one of a kind! Sea urchin with eggs were such a different, yet intriguing taste (this was the best item my husband and I both had at vernick -- a must try). The tuna poke was fresh, but nothing to compared to the kind you will have in hawaii. My husband devoured the rabbit leg and sausage entree (which I wish I would have ordered myself after having my own meal of the veal cutlet). The rabbit dish had a delectable sauce accompanied by some potatoes and veggies. While the veal cutlet i had, seemed to lack taste and was either overcooked or incredibly dry. Definitely worth going to - but be sure to make reservations. Also, no valet parking; you either have to find parking on the road or a nearby parking garage.Doesn't matter what I order here, it's All delicious. From presentation to taste...A+. Even the roasted chicken is juicy and succulent with the perfect char skin! And I especially enjoy sitting at the chef's table and watching them prepare each dish meticulously.My fiancé and I were celebrating our anniversary, and we chose none other than Vernick. We asked to sit upstairs and they gave us a cozy corner overlooking the window. I loved the ambiance. Our server, Ethan, greeted us with a champagne toast for the occasion. He was attentive and informative, and made the evening a memorable one.
We freaking dined. 
Chef sent out a honeydew mint gazpacho shot of soup with chili oil, and a pepper cookie. A delightful treat!!
We started with the: Maryland Crab Toast and Fried Green Tomato Toast. The Maryland Crab Toast was to die for. I didn't want it to end. The fried green tomato toast had a breading, and a smoky flavor to it. Just the right amount of char. So yum.
Then came the sea urchin with scrambled eggs. Oh my god. I'm not sure why, but it works. The eggs cut the ocean flavor of the sea urchin perfectly. Warm, salty and delicious. It had an unpredictable texture. It tasted like the coast of Maine, not center city Philly. A must order!!
Chef also sent out an artic char. It was served raw, in small cubes, topped with thin pieces of an herb. The crispy skin gave an element of crunch and salt. The dish was really refreshing, with a touch of sweet. Such an awesome surprise, and one of the favorites of the evening.
The warm ricotta cheese small plate had amazing flavor blends .I highly recommend the grilled artichoke. It comes with a saffron aioli that is the perfect fit. I've always experienced artichokes as having a waxey flavor, but that was not the case here. The artichokes were delish. The least impressive dish was the tagliatelle, which was a duck pasta small plate. The duck was good, but the dish as a whole reminded me a lot of stroganoff, and I despise stroganoff. I am sure that it was just a personal preference thing.
The sea bass will melt in your mouth. I never would have thought to serve fish in tomato sauce! Highlight of the meal. The rabbit was savory and cooked to perfection.
I was about ready to burst after all of that, so naturally we ordered espresso and dessert. The mint chocolate semifreddo was an indulgent end to the evening. Rich, yet light, and topped with raspberries.
Creative dishes, everything was delicious, the best service, well made drinks, I think I just found my favorite restaurant! They know what they're doing here and they do it well.  We can't wait to come back!!Good place to eat with a good ambience.  The lamb bolognese was very good as were all of the bread/toast apps.  This place was better than what I expected.  I would return here again.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Love everything about this place, always a solid experience. Often dream about their beef tartare toast. Their menu is ever-changing but there are some seasonal dishes and specials I tried since they have opened that Im always hoping would make another appearance on the menu. (yes strawberry/feta salad and beef cheek I'm talking about you!). Staff has been knowledgeable and attentive and have provided great recommendations on food and drink.  Looking forward for the next occasion to return.It was a mysterious place for me that don't ever participate for restaurant week. It's a little high for a grad student budget but I decide to go at least once for a good occasion. 
We didn't put reservation in ahead of time, but seating on the bar table is one of great opportunities to see how all the dishes being cooked. Kitchen is clean and chefs look pretty professional. Food was great, and I especially enjoyed my small plate octopus. The octopus was very tender and flavorful, and it's prob one of the best grill octopus that I ever had in Philly.I went to Vernick with my in-laws for my MIL's bday. We had a reservation for 8:30 but we arrived about ten minutes early and got a drink at the bar. I highly recommend their cocktails - I had the Old Cuban, which is Vernick's take on a mojito. It was one of the best cocktails I have had in a looong time. The bartender was great - quick on service and cheerily answered my FIL's questions about the different types of bitters they use. 
To start we had a salad- the special (a strawberry goat cheese) which was eh, seemed like a salad you could get anywhere. However, the crispy and creamy mozzarella plate was amazing. I considered snatching it away and hiding in a corner to eat it by myself - Gollum style - but I luckily wasnt quite drunk enough yet to do that. I'm a gluten free vegetarian so I didnt have the peas and bacon on toast, but I was assured it was excellent in a want-to-steal-it-away manner. We also got the grilled icerberg salad, which was great as long as you got a bite of everything on your fork (fig, cheese, etc), otherwise it was just nicely charred lettuce. 
The chef offered to make me a special plate, which I appreciated. However - and this is the reason I am withholding a star - it wasnt clear from what the waitress described that he was basically going to make me a roasted veggie plate. I was a little disappointed - no rice or anything else - just a plate of veggies. Delicious veggies, but I expected more...
The fam loved the whole roasted chicken and fish of the day. Had an excellent dark chocolate cake for dessert (well, I just had the frosting) and without any prompting, the waitress thoughtfully included a candle for the bday. Overall, a very satisfying meal.This dinner was so good I think I might have blacked out.  That's about all I need to add to the rest of these reviews.We came here for dinner on a Wednesday and it was packed!  There were a lot of small group dinners and dates, and the ambiance was cozy and relaxed.  It's a great place for catching up with friends, too!  
Some of the highlights:
1. Complimentary onion soup amuse bouche with a niblet of bread: Savory and creamy!  A perfect starter!
2. Roasted octopus: Wonderfully tender, aromatic, and savory.  
3. Fromage blanc and kumquats on toast: I loved this!  The creaminess of the melted fromage blended well with the sweet quince topping and sliced kumquats.
4. Fresh spaghetti with beef ragu: This was the pasta of the day and very solid with a savory and slightly creamy onion-based sauce.
5. Brussels sprouts: Amazing!  Roasted to perfection and slightly charred with a sweet caramel glaze and grapes.
6. Crispy potatoes: Perfectly crispy skin and soft interior.  A great version of fries!
7. Black pepper roasted cauliflower: Pretty greasy but very savory and nicely charred.
8. Halibut with mushrooms, sweet potato, and napa in a miso broth: Very tender halibut in a savory broth.  I loved the oyster and trumpet mushrooms.
9. Braised rabbit leg, sausage, Swiss chard, carrots, and potatoes: This was my favorite dish with a succulent and savory rabbit leg.  The sausage was decent but the rabbit was simply outstanding!  Definitely a must-try.
Service was decent although we did feel slightly rushed since they were busy and probably waiting for our table.  Overall, a great option for new American in Philadelphia, although portions are tiny.Such an amazing menu!!! Very fresh, innovative dishes. The staff is very attentive. My suggestion: go with friends, order and share to experience as much of the menu as possible...and just relax and take your time.Vernick's is 5 stars all around.  Went there for a Saturday night dinner with friends. Very busy and bustling.  Swanky atmosphere, attentive service and the food was out of this world.  We ordered 8 small plates and the Branzino to share and every dish was made to perfection.  I would order every single one again but can't wait to try the others. Portions were perfect - not too small, not too big, just enough for a tasteful of each for four people with maybe an extra small portion for the person who loved the dish the most. The service was thoughtful as well...instead of just delivering plates to the table the chef paired each serving to compliment 4 courses.  If you are looking for great food and a delightful dining experience definitely check this place out. Friendly, impeccable. I can't say enough great things and can't wait to go back.Came here for some late night eats at around 10:15pm (sorry for the late seating, staff at Vernick).  Our server was wonderful and was able to recommend many of her favorites and suggested a few top notch dishes.  
After I ordered wine and my companion ordered something a bit more stiff, we started with the complimentary amuse-bouche which was warm potato soup with parsley oil and a little cheesy puff nugget type thing.  Amazing and a perfect start for a cold night.  
We ordered two toasts- the first was a beef tartare with fresh horseradish and it was out of this world.  Probably one of my favorites of the night.  The second was the broccoli and bacon jam toast which was probably blessed by Jesus or something because it was heavenly.  Both toast dishes were charred so they were crispy - but they were still soft and didn't assault the roof of your mouth.  We also got the tuna poke raw dish and holy hell this was so good. Huge chunks of tuna dressed with cilantro and macadamia nuts and a sweet soy. 
To share a couple main dish small plates we got the steamed mussels with couscous and the buckwheat pasta.  Both were phenomenal.  The couscous was a perfect accompaniment to the mussels and was PACKED with flavor.  The mussels were a nice size and were so delicate.  The dish also had brussels sprouts which (now that I am in my 30's) I adore and they were the perfect addition.  Be careful though, that dish comes with a bit of a kick.  It was a bit spicy so if you're thinking of a calm dish to share with grandma, this isn't it.  I'd order it 10 times over though.  The buckwheat fettuccine with mushrooms was also perfect. I have an undeniable love affair with carbs and this one did not disappoint.  The homemade fettuccine was lovely and the dish was savory and filling.  
5 stars for Vernick Food and Drink.  I'm so happy I love so close!Outstanding, amazing, incredible I don't know what else to say. If you haven't been here, you need to do everything in your power to get here! Food, drinks, atmosphere are all second to none. Went here for Valentine's Day and was blown away (blew my gf away too). Couldn't have asked for a better time. Just do yourself a favor and make the time to have some sort of meal here, you will not be disappointed.Best thing about Vernick: its Eastern European menu flavors & that they're open till 1 am on Sundays, which is a rarity in Center City
Decor: intriguing, their white-wash hardwood countertops are lovely... if you can and weather permitting, get a table by their open windows to feel the breeze and people-watch
Drinks: their menu offers mocktails, how cool and different is that...
Appetizers: free carrot soup with orange cream and a biscuit... a very cute surprise from the chef presented in fancy little cups :)
Food: their beef tartare was delicious, served on toasted bread as a sandwich, the horseradish and cheese in it give the recipe a unique flavor... 
Space-wise: full but did not feel crowded or too loud
Location: Rittenhouse is as hot as it gets in Center City Philadelphia
Parking: tough as expected for that area...
Wait to be seated and order: 10 minutes on Sunday evening, they had space to have us wait at the bar and get our drink order started right away
Online presence: their website could use a minor facelift & addition of all of their PR publications & mentions
The people: we didn't stay past closing time but felt like our server couldn't wait for us to leave... as we were walking out we chatted a bit with another staff member with a handlebar moustache and he made what I thought was an unnecessary, untactful, and completely unexpected remark... which is why I'm giving them only three starsThis occupies the same "space" as the late lamented Brasserie Perrier, an elegant bar that is all things to all people. My only criticisms are that when I ate there the upstairs was quite noisy, and in general the chairs (all hardwood) are not that comfortable. Impeccable bartenders and service.My husband and I dined by the window one Saturday night in June two years ago.  We would 've been back more recently, but hard to get reservations there on Saturday nights without too much forethought.  It was a good thing my husband and I ordered the same dishes since we would not have shared our meals because it was so delicious.  The seafood salad as the appetizer and the sea bass with fire-roasted tomatoes and broccoli were perfect!  The blueberry pie for dessert was fantastic.Consistently excellent food and service. The whole Bronzino with orange and fennel, charred eggplant and mushrooms on toast, hen's nest mushroom, spaghetti squash are dishes we come back.
Congratulations to them for being recognized as one of the best restaurants in the country!It was good but not as good as they said it would be.
To become a top notch restaurant, there is still long way to go.Sit at the chef's counter
Order the avocado toast
Enjoy the show - these chefs are so talented!Exceptional food, drinks, and service. Go here and you will be happy. I also appreciated that it's not overly formal or stuffy. 
It's expensive, yes, but I think it's actually a good value - less expensive than some lesser restaurants in the area.Vernick has now raised the bar for every other restaurant experience I will have in Philadelphia. 
If you're coming with just one other eating companion, I HIGHLY recommend the chef's table, where you are able to catch a glimpse of the (extremely) organized chaos that is their kitchen. Seeing the care and precision that the chefs at Vernick put into making our food made us appreciate what we were eating even more. And despite their frenzy, most of the chefs are very happy and willing to answer questions. 
Now... onto the food. We chose to go the small plates route so we could have a variety of dishes. 
- Uni over soft scrambled eggs: not stingy with their uni.  I was nervous about getting overdone and dry eggs, but that was not the case! There was a yogurt-type foam in between the uni and eggs. 
- Chicken liver and red onion chutney toast: Very well made chicken pate. The crunchy sweetness of the chutney was a nice contrast to the savoriness of the pate. 
- Grilled romaine: Who would have thought that a head of romaine would be so delicious??
- Lamb neck tagliatelle: Vernick does their meats well; pieces of lamb meat fell apart with the slight prodding of my fork. 
- Grilled octopus: Prior to eating at Vernick, Amada's grilled octopus was my favorite, but they were left in the dust after tasting Vernick's version. Perhaps it was the pickled fennel that gave it a great flavor. 
- Meyer Lemon semifreddo: a slice of pistachio meringue on top of what tastes like if gelato and mousse had a baby. 
Service was attentive and knowledgeable. The pace which dishes came out was nicely timed. 
After some poking around, I discovered that head chef, Greg Vernick, has worked under the famed Chef Jean-Georges Vongrichten, at both Jean Georges and Nougatine. No wonder!! 
I will be back. It feels very much like a neighborhood spot where the diners and staff know each other by name.Can't miss restaurant. Highly recommend, food was fantastic and service, atmosphere equally good.Amazing food ..well balanced..only thing is the famous roasted chicken dish was little area of pink in the center and not fully cooked. Should have said something but didn't want to seem rude. Vibe is great in the place and I think this may have been an one time thing. Try to sit at food bar if you can as there is a lot going on while watching the kitchen and it's fun. Bar has separate seating wait list from rest of place. Definitely worth a try. I'm going back myself.Vernick: trendy, decadent, expensive. 
Those are the three words that come to mind.  I love the atmosphere, the service is great and anyone who loves a small plate sharing type of dining experience would appreciate the menu at Vernick.
Cocktails here will put you on your butt.  Or maybe just me.  Their Pimms Cup is one of the best.
They always have an array of specials.  My favorite dish ever enjoyed here was a lobster risotto dish.  Incredibly rich but the thought of it lingers with you long after your dinner outing here.  Other favorites include the avacado and spicy radish on toast as well as the grilled hearts of romaine with cheddar and figs.  
This isn't a "swing-by" lackadaisical dinner destination.  Make sure to snag a reservation far in advance on the weekends.  Definitely one of Philly's current top recommendations in my opinion.It was my first time there and I really enjoyed my time there. They have both large and small dishes, allowing you to try many things which is one of my favorite things. I LOVE to share food this even when it's 2 people, so you can still try a lot of dishes and share them! they're dishes are flavorful and tasty! I really love their on toast items! Another really special thing about them is that they're dishes are really homie and healthy! light and fresh which is something hard to find sometimes.Friends took us here to celebrate a special occasion.   We're from South Jersey and have never experienced such a trendy, classy restaurant.  The food was exceptional & service was top notch.  Our table ordered several "small plates" to share as appetizers.   They were great. One better than the next.  The main courses were superb & desert was the icing on the cake.    Service was exceptional.  Great place.  Highly recommend.My wife and I had a great meal here on a very busy night for the restaurant. Service was great with helpful recommendations along the way. We split a toast, raw dish, vegetable, and small plate since we had a few snack at happy hour before. We got the bacon and pea toast, as recommended by our server, and it was delicious. The toasts are a must try. Our raw dish was the jackfish, which was one of the tastiest raw dishes we've ever had. We finished with the pappardelle with wild boar ragout. The ragout was savory and the pappardelle was perfect. We skipped dessert because we were stuffed, but are dying to go back because they looked phenomenal.Amazing.  Went here for a special occasion.  The ambience is awesome - very energetic but not too loud, and cozy.  Recommend eating upstairs.
The wine was probably the highlight but the food was great.  A little on the pricey side.  But it is definitely among the best restaurants I've been to in Philly.This is a really good spot.
Grilled hearts of romaine with figs were out of this world - never would ahve thought to grill romaine.
The tuna poke was the best tuna I have ever eaten.
They know how to make a drink and have a decent selection of beers.
My only beef is that the portions seem a little small for the price. 
Cool atmosphere, good service, great food. I will be back.*Went for a large group dinner and the menu was preselected. 
Great ambiance for a romantic dinner for that special occasion. 
Service was impeccable. 
Food had some real wins and a couple that were close but not quite worthy of all the praise. 
Grilled romaine salad was spot on and worth every charred morsel that is offset by that dressing I couldn't get enough of. Had a nice fruity white wine from Lombardy that I would highly recommend. 
The crab cake type bite with a lemony aioli was delicious and earth every calotype until you bite into the veal meatball that had a nice crisp bite through pan searing with a deliciously fresh spicy tomato sauce that made me feel like I was in Italy. 
Beet tartare with horseradish exploded in my mouth with horseradish bites that awakened the senses and washed away by that Lombardy wine. 
If you see foie grass on the menu and are
Not morally opposed you must order this dish. 
The seared sea bass was delicious and worth ordering the steak was ok. The orchiette pasta was not a night hit at my table. 
The chocolate cake type dessert with Madeira was an amazing piece of dessert history that belongs in the Taste Museum.We finally made a reservation (4 weeks ahead) for Saturday night.  It was a 9pm reservation and the bar along with the restaurant were full. I loved the ambience. Service was a bit slow. Before our food started coming out, we were served an amuse bouche. A small shot of beet soup along with a cheese puff. The liver and tuna tartare toast were good but the boar pappardelle and branzino for two is a must! We also enjoyed the Charles Bridge drink.This place puts all my other five stars to shame. Not only was the food here amazing, but the staff, including the chef owner couldn't have been any nicer. I've been to a lot of places to eat in the city, but never before has the chef come and asked to take a picture of us before. We were blown away. 
Anyway, the food couldn't have been any better. We had the game and Brie toast as well as the pumpkin and brown butter toast. We also had the duck pasta , beets and ricotta and the chicken. I normally don't order chicken out, but I had heard the chicken here was phenomenal and I had heard correctly. My dining partner isn't really a meat eater and he said it changed how he felt about meat. CHANGED HOW HE FELT! It was that good. 
We finished with the special mint ice cream and the brown butter torte which was recommended by the chef (we sat at the chefs counter). I'd sit there every time now because it's like dinner and a show and these guys were precise and really informative. I went during dinner rush on a Saturday and they stopped what they were doing every time to answer my questions and explain what they were making. It's no wonder this place gets rated so highly. They deserve it. 
I'll be back. I want to try all the toasts!Great small restaurant and bar with craft cocktails and awesome small plates. Our bartender was a great help with food selection of some of her local favorites. Poke, hiramasa and duck pasta. Looks small from when you walk in, but it has a nice upstairs and back dining areaThanks to 1-95 traffic and Rittenhouse parking, our party trickled in 15 minutes past our reservation time, but the hosts were extremely nice about it. 
We started with a couple of complimentary amuse-bouche and really enjoyed both the soup and the cheese puff. The small plate special of Scallops was really good with perfectly cooked scallops and a bed of pureed beans (which I typically do not like, but in the case, scraped the plate clean). 
For entrees, we felt that my Braised Beef Cheek was the crowd favorite with its tender and flavorful meat. The Grilled Red Snapper (subbing for the Black Sea Bass that was on the menu, but not available) and the Cod were both good too, although certainly more mild. 
The sides of vegetables were all excellent: Black Pepper Roasted Cauliflower (a spicy kick that I loved); Brussels Sprouts (quite sweet); and the Crispy Potatoes & Shishito Peppers (my least favorite, but still good).
And...because we couldn't resist, we tried the Date Cake, which didn't sound too intriguing on the menu, but was a great dessert (although decidedly sweet).I love coming to this resto it was recommended to me by a friend and I'm so glad I Dave it a go. Although I always sit at the bar, the service I receive is always amazing. 
I'm a big octopus fan and this place delivers the best grilled octopus. The bartender Latifa is awesome she makes amazing drinks. I love going there alone because I get to sit at the bar, order great food then go home happy. 
Great place for a date or girls night or for a solo diner. One of my top spot plus is near my house.The food was terrific, though it took the bar tender a while to get me my cocktail. Would go back again!Amazing service, great food.  Probably a bit ostentatious, and a bit louder than I care for.  I had the grilled octopus (good, but lacked much flavor of octopus), raw arctic char (very nice, love the hint of spice in the marinade), and one of the toasts (tasty at first, less so as it cooled).  This place mixes some really good drinks, I had two and was a bit foggy when I left (was walking, so not a problem).  Sat chef-side, and chatted with one of the chefs, who gave some good advice on what to order.  Since I was on my own, I appreciated the entertainment value of watching the food being prepared.My meal at Vernick has been favorite this far in 2017. The wait staff was friendly, attentive, professional, and very knowledgeable about the menu. We sat outside and enjoyed the ambiance of downtown Philly. We ordered a dozen plates and each one was done to perfection . The consistent high quality of all the plates we ordered differentiates Vernick from its competitors (there is usually one thing that lets me down). My experience at Vernick was delightfully delicious.Everything I tried was so unique and delicious.. and I'm a picky eater. The service was AMAZING, they're so nice. And the place itself was nice, we sat in the open kitchen and that was a great experience. I would definitely recommend!Last night for one of many birthday celebrations, my brother took me to Vernick.  It was by far one of the best meals I've had in Philly .  Being related to a chef brings about some worthy connections in the culinary world.  When we first sat down at the chef's counter, we were greeted by former coworkers and a friendly server.  The wine and cocktail list had a great variety.  I drank a bougelais throughout the meal and my brother had the cl smooth, appropriately named and fresh!
The chef sent over the the crispy potatoes and grilled shishito peppers with lemon zest.  A great way to get started.  We then ordered one of the special toasts with chicken liver pate and red onion chutney - just outstanding!  I have to explicitly state that you could eat just the toasts at Vernick and be totally satisfied.  We watched the Sous grill dozens of sourdough slices to perfection each and every time.  We also ordered the hamachi and were sent the arctic char - both delicious and fresh.  The char served with the crispy skin was mouth-wateringly good, drizzled with what I think was a chili/truffle oil.  
The house-made mozzarella was a must and the mussels were a different take on the traditional bowl with broth and bread.  These were deconstructed, shell-less and served with soaked croutons, cabbage mixed into the dijon broth - just divine!
We ordered the potato ravioli which was a great size for sharing and really savory.  I love that the lamb pieces were on the outside and not minced into the ravioli mixture.  Great sauce with haricot vertes and a herb crustini sprinkling on top.
The chicken liver pate toast wasn't enough for us so we order two more toasts to finish off the meal: the fromage blanc and komquat and the beef tartar.  The fromage was a great combination, a bit sweet and took me right back to Paris.  The beef tartar had fresh horseradish and what I think was small bites of Pecorino cheese.  I loved them both!
Overall, I think this might be my new favorite spot in Philly, and luckily it's right around the corner.  The service was friendly and paced well.  I loved sitting at the counter and watching the magic unfold.  
Oh and the pecan pie with a candle for dessert was just the best finale!Hopped in a bar spot with girlfriends on a Saturday afternoon. The location was light and airy with great personalities running the restaurant.
Before we started eating, everyone was given an amuse bouche of pea soup with chili oil in a egg cup. Delicious but drink fast because it sets fast.
We started with the sea urchin scramble and avocado toast. The sea urchin was very fresh, with the scramble was heavy on salt. The avocado toast was refreshing but the spiced beets could have had more of a kick.
We then had the potato ravioli with braised lamb and the sea bass. The ravioli was sweet, melty, and topped with pesto bread crumbs(?). The lamb had robust lamb flavor, nicely balanced by the fava beans. Personally like the fava beans over the green beans in the dish. The sea bass was delicately grilled on both sides, making for a beautiful presentation. The tomato base with veggies was yummy, again heavy on the salt.
Overall, great ambiance, delicious food (minus the excessive salt), and nice service. Looking forward to revisiting for apparently great drinks by the bar tender, Vincent.Simply : hands down the best new restaurant in the city. Perfect for couples, groups of friends or for those dining solo. The food is delicious & interesting without any pretense. Great for vegetarians & those with food restrictions; the sensitive staff and management do everything in their power to ensure you have a good time in their establishment. AND the prices are reasonable.
Highly recommend the crostini, vegetable dishes, steak & all the desserts. Very good selection of wine as well & bartenders who know what they're doing - this place is a gem!Seasonal food cooked to perfection combined with flawless, crisp, attentive, friendly service, combine to make this a truly five star dining experience.  
         We were quickly seated our coats were taken and we were immediately offered complementary glasses of Champagne as they knew it was our Anniversary. Our server Jennifer was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and how the food was prepared. She noted the specials for us and then we were presented with an Amuse Bouche of Vichyssoise with a tiny Gourgere. Very tasty way to begin our meal.  
        We started off with a selection of toasts, avocado and spicy radish and broccoli and bacon jam. We liked the broccoli best. The toast on the avocado was a little too charred, the only hiccup of the night. I am sure if we said something they would have replaced it but we did not. 
          We each had a small plate, I had the Foie Gras with blood orange frisée salad and my wife had the Chilled lobster salad with potato rosti. Each was beautifully plated. The lobster sweet and perfectly cooked. The potatoes were like a crisp pancake. Fantastic. First time for me with Foie and I enjoyed the sweet and savory combination. 
           Our large plates were the Organic Amish Chicken. By far the best chicken dish we have ever tasted. The chicken was moist and the skin crisp and tasty. The vegetables roasted to perfection. The only lament was that there was no bread to sop up the delicious juice. My spice rubbed Wagyu beef was fork tender and the fat on the meat was creamy like butter, also accompanied by perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts and root vegetables. The sauce was a bit sweet but not unpleasant. I enjoyed a glass of 2015 Domaine des Cassagnoles Colombard crisp and fruit full with my meal. 
        We saved room for dessert and were happy we did enjoying the Milk Chocolate hazelnut pie with cinnamon chile ice cream and a petite brownie a la mode. The pie was chock full of hazelnuts enclosed in a buttery flakey crust topped with that chile ice cream with a bit of heat. The brownie was moist and full of chocolate flavor.  It is small if you want something sweet but do not have s lot of room. 
         I finished the meal with a Little Giuseppe a digestive made with Cynar , punt e mes, lemon and salt. 
          This was a truly satisfying experience made possible by the attentive staff who kept the table clean and reset, our glasses always full, napkins folded when we left the table along with the delicious food. Thanks.WOW! Love this place. Food is so unique and delicious!!! I ate here about 6 months ago, so i can't remember what I had but I do remember enjoying the meal quite a bit. Its a bit on the pricey side, but its worth what you pay! I would definitely go back!One of the best places in Philly. 4.5 stars.
It's difficult to get reservation here. So we came here for drinks after dinner. Instead everything looked so good that we had a second dinner here.
the cocktails are amazing. the bartender is super knowledgeable. I had the old cuban (not on the menu) and milk punch (for the first time). both were exquisite.
Food was pretty good. We only had sides so this is not a good judge of the overall food quality
-- Side of cauliflower was a bit too burnt - avoid.
-- Crispy potatoes and shishito peppers were fantatic -- the crispiness of the potatoes are probably the best ones that I have tasted, wish that the shishito peppers were a bit more numerous in proportion
-- grilled octopus, toasted farro, corn & avocado -- pretty good. had better elsewhere in greek/italian restaurants but this is a solid version.
some of the pastas passing us by looked great in presentation but didn't get the chance to taste since it is our second dinner after all.I came here for cocktails and small plates with a friend. There's really nothing that I can say about the food that has not been said. It really is *that* good!, but I also wanted to give a shout out to their bar program. Their cocktails are awesome-- up there with all the best cocktail bars in the city (Ranstead Room, Franklin Mortgage). After telling the bartender what we were in the mood for (i.e. something with gin and cucumber, or something with tequila and citrus!) he blew our minds with off the menu drinks. So, even if you don't plan to stay for dinner, it's totally worth it to pop in for a cocktail and a nibble (the toast!).I cannot even imagine how this place can get anything lower then a 5. I have lived in NYC for 20 years and for the very first place I went to in Philly, it made me very excited about the town and what it has to offer. Thank you Vernick for an amazing start! My friends and I sat outside so I cannot comment on much aside from the food, but the service was spot on as well.This is a tough place to get a reservation-popular & deservedly so. The entrance is to the bar area, with a stairway leading to the restaurant area. It's not particularly big or fancy up there. 
The menu offers dishes of varied sizes. Many plates can be shared. There are also large plates for two: tonight's grilled fish (for 2) was a 2-lb bronzino. Since I was alone, I ordered three dishes; all were terrific. I started with Maryland crab on toast. It was surprisingly big & filling. They are known for their toast dishes. I then ordered the jack with avocado from the "Raw" section. I then had a medium-sized dish of tagliatelle with lamb ragout. All very tasty. They make their own gelato, and I love good vanilla (bean) ice cream. It was very good. 
Service was friendly, attentive & efficient.Absolutely yummy! Great service, friendly staff and interesting dishes.Definitely recommend this place.I went here with three of my girlfriends on a girls' weekend to Philly. One if the girls who lives locally, and knew we'd need a reservation, made one three months in advance! We really enjoyed our dinner! We were seated in the back of the restaurant, by the kitchen, but it didn't distract us from our dinner or our conversation like it can at other restaurants. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. Also, the kitchen treated us to tuna tartar and cauliflower soup tasters, which were thoughtful and delicious! We ordered all sorts of dishes and shared everything because there was so much we wanted to try! Not a one thing we ordered was bad. You MUST try the pumpkin toast starter and the beef tartar toast starter, delicious! The fois gras was a special that evening and it was arguably the best I've ever had! Also, do not forget the date cake!! Wow! It is a little pricey, but not pretentious! A great find and a fun evening!!Been coming to Vernick for small bites and cocktails, always great food, cocktails and service. Last night, celebrated two birthdays, a party of 7. This would be my first full/proper dinner. We were seated upstairs at a long table. To start  we decided to order  a bunch of small plates to sample/share with each other. As always, I ordered the steak tartare, which I think is the best in Philly. The other small plates ordered, from the raw menu, 1/2 doz oysters, sea urchin and warm scrambled eggs (another favorite), house mozzarella with rhubarb jam and seasalt, steamed mushrooms with a fried egg on top, I believe an egg plant dish, grilled shrimp and avacado, potato ravioli with braised lamb....for entree I ordered the grilled blace sea bass.  For desseEverything was delicious, perfectly executed. For a relatively big party, the kitchen and the servers were able to get our orders to us with perfect timing (the upstairs dining room was full as well as the bar and downstairs dining room). The cocktails were execllent as well, I a couple of my favorite cocktails, the Veuve Carre (not on the menu), Czech Sour, Sazerac (def the best in Philly), had a sip of one of the Manhattan "Variation" cocktails, this may be one of the top 5 best cocktails I've ever had. Wow...  Overall....Great dinner, Great Cocktails. Great time.One of the single best dining experiences I can recall. My girlfriend and had the tuna poke, beef tartare, Maryland toast, peas and bacon, heart of romaine, parmesan custard and the cauliflower and every plate was incredible, with all the little fine details standing out in even the smallest side plates.  The portions were very large and the wait staff was super attentive and friendly.  The place is a food haven that makes you feel at home and the dinner was seriously one of the finest meals I can recall.  A couple days later I had dinner in NYC and having already had Vernick, their food paled in comparison.Pleasantly satisfying. I, along with 2 others visited on a rainy Wednesday night, and even without reservations--we were seated rather quickly. We enjoyed witty cocktails paired with delectable dishes.  Would visit over & over again.There was a long wait. We were staying in an apartment just next door at Andy & Caron's airbnb and the hostess very generously offered to call us when there was a table. When we were summoned, it felt as if we were asked to join the family table. 
We were three gals and the waitress treated us regally. I had the tartare of course (scrumptious) and the special of the day - we were all just delighted with the evening!Why a single star, one might ask? Well, in relation to the price point, the disappointment couldn't be larger.
The service:
Not the best.  Honestly, we were sat, and the one servers had to cover for the second, and then didn't bother to tell the second that they did.  They took our drink order (after we'd been sitting for five minutes without water), and then our actual server just asked the same question again, "what would you like to drink?".  ::shakes head::
Biggest pet peeve: didn't ask us if we had any dietary restrictions.  Here we have a non-descriptive menu, where most of the options have many other ingredients that aren't listed.  Our server didn't bother to ask us if there was anything we couldn't eat or didn't want.  I mean, hey, we're from the Mid-West, and that's standard even there.  We expect better from a *real* city like Philly.
The food:
In a word: salt.  And by that we mean too much!  It destroyed our palates, and after the first tasting we were already discussing how "salt forward" the food was.  By the end, we could barely eat the food.  We aren't low sodium people by any means, but by the end, our mouths and throats hurt from the amount of salt.  We even mentioned this to our server after the first courses, and were told that the later courses would be better. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  Maybe it was a fluke, maybe it was because it was a Tuesday night?
Dietary restrictions are also hard.  We *should* have explained them up front, but we weren't asked.  It's weird to order something with a "crispy" egg, and that to mean a poached egg deep fried in Panko.  Honestly, there's the concept of the egg white being cooked until it's crispy.  It's just poor descriptions on the menu.  Basically you should ask the server for every little ingredient and technique used in every menu item because you will be surprised what the final result will be compared to what's written.
But hey, we're normal folk from the mid-west and we don't know how to eat at these *fine* establishments in *real* cities.
Overall, very disappointed.  We've had food three times better for half the price in any number of cities across the U.S.  But, maybe that's just us....?Wonderful experience everytime we go.  My wife and I have been to Vernick 3 times now.  Each time we go it seems to get better.  Keep up the good work.This was one of the best meals I have had in Philly, everything was delicious. We started with a raw fish special, it was a white fish in a dashi broth. Next we had the beef tartare, and then shared the duck. They also make a pretty great old fashioned.This is now our favorite place in Philadelphia.The food is original and tasty without being too fussy.Flavours are authentic and there is a humbleness to the dishes that are exquisite.Dont miss the toasts- share them and order a few.The pastas are great as well and do not miss the desserts!
 I also want to mention that we arrived recently on a super busy Sat evening and Open Table screwed up our 8 pm reservation.The manager said please have a round of drinks on us at the bar and we will get this all sorted out- no worries here,we will feed you and make you happy.Five minutes late we had a great table for four and proceeded to have a terrific waitress and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
 Run don't walk here-it's well worth it!A fun and exciting evening.We had a great meal here.  It was tough reservation to come by a few months ago when we went, so I'd plan on reserving a few weeks in advance for weekend nights.  The cocktails were amazing and very creative.  We had the new-groni, which was tasty.  Unfortunately, I procrastinated in writing this, but I do recall that the wood-fire roasted chicken was unbelievable.  The scene is good...a busy place with solid ambience.  We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and could witness the culinary excellence going on....would probably prefer a table next time, but it was neat experience.  Overall, it was a very good meal...one of the better spots in Philly at the moment.This is our go to place for a great dinner and amazing service. Unfortunately our last meal was not that. The chef/owner was not there which was a first for us and the service wasn't up to par. Noise level deafening so we could barely speak. Our friends were sitting two tables away with the same waiter and had the same experienceWow! Beef tartar, tuna poke exceptional. Grilled shrimp salad and black bass amazing. 
The service friendly and profess. The prices a bit high but expected for area and well wort it. The only bit of criticism is the over use of dill. Four out of six dishes had dill in it and I am not a big fan of that taste.  
Dessert was ok a choc and butterscotch parfait but everything else was so good I forgot about it already. 
We will definitely return.I just writ a review that was very uncomplimentary of the service. Let me add that the manager was exceptional in resolving the issues. BTW, our waitress, Kelly, was great.I really like Vernick. The decor is great, the service is nearly perfect and the food is very tasty as well.
I'm saying 4.5 stars for now, planning to return and update accordingly after the second meal.
I thought the serving sizes were a little too small for the price, and the service was a tad overbearing. I usually love attentiveness, but sometimes the feeling of being forced to order more - "oh that's not enough, you need at least a few more small plates and breads or another large at a minimum" - feels disingenuous. Guess what? We'd ordered just right! And worst case we could add something on after, or get a dessert or two extra. I'm not sure why, but that sort of thing rubs me the wrong way.
But the food we did order was great, and eating upstairs was very nice. I loved the minimal, natural decor and touches. The steamed halibut ($29) was divine, and the chilled seafood salad ($14) was one of the best seafood salads I've had. I'd also recommend all the options in the "on toast" section ($8-$15), especially the spinach & fontina ($10).
Overall a very enjoyable meal, looking forward to returning. 
If you're thinking about heading out to a nice dinner and want to try something new in the Rittenhouse area, I absolutely recommend Vernick.