This bar opened 6 months ago. Amazing staff and owner. This restaurant has a special speakeasy. Ask the bartender for the passwordI really had a fun night at Vesper. The staff is fantastic and welcoming and the food is tasty, well portioned and well priced. I had the scallops, the pork belly and the fingerling potatoes. All had me licking my fork clean. The drinks were great as well! I will definitely go back! Oh there was a wedding party there when we were. It is an amazing space for parties! Even has a speakeasy vibe to it.The requirement to state a secret password to open a hidden door behind a false bookcase was entertaining.  The service in the speak-easy was excellent!I've been to this swanky spot twice for drinks. The bartenders and staff are always extremely friendly. They have amazing happy hour specials. They also currently have an after-sips happy hour on Wednesdays. The happy hour consists of $10 carafes of red or white wine, yes including the house cab. They also have $8 cocktails and $4 drafts. 
They have awesome snacks on happy hour as well. I really liked the steak dumplings and the sliders. The cheese plate was a crowd pleaser as well. 
I've had two great experiences here. I want to come back and try dinner. They have live music often. You must come try their after sips happy hour this summer!Came here for a double date during restaurant week with some friends. Inside, is dimly lit and very romantic setting. There was live acoustic music the night we ate here, which was a little loud but still nice. 
For food, we all purchased from the restaurant week menu. The lobster ravioli was amazing! Probably one of the better ones I've had, sauce was not too rich and had a decent portion of lobster meat. The scallops comes with 3, they were cooked perfectly! And lastly the short rib was incredible. Meat fell right off the bone and the chipotle grits served with it was the perfect combination. 
The service was very friendly. I would definitely come back to Vesper to check out their regular menu. Very impressed with my experience.Enjoyed a lovely dinner.  Food was delish and very reasonably priced.  Service was a little slow, but not enough to ruin the evening.  Drinks were great, loved the glassware.  Spaces were big and we were there on the early side so it was a little quiet, which served my party well.  But the piano made for a great atmosphere.  Worth a visit for sure.Went here for my friend's surprise party. 
The whole service team was inflexible and grumpy, 'harshing' the ~vibes~ of our enthusiastic group. 
Specifically, the Bartender was unhelpful and cold beginning even before anyone had ordered a drink. She spent half the night scrolling through instagram and rolling her eyes at the birthday girl when she was just trying to order drinks for her parents. 
Bathroom facilities were nice.This was the worst experience that I have had during my visit in Philadelphia. My college friend arrived in Philly from Washington DC and we decided to go to Vesper for drinks. We entered the establishment and sat down at a high top table in the bar area. The bartender came over to our high top twice to ask us if we were ready to order and we weren't because we were catching up instead of looking at the menu. When we were ready to order, we waved in her direction to get her attention, she then "asked" another bartender loudly "is it okay for me to go over there" which we were taken aback by because she had come over to our table twice already and when there was a group of older men sitting at the table next to us, she happily went to their table. The bartender then proceeds to yell over the bar to acquire our order. Once she made our drinks, she brought them to our high top table and we began to engage in a discussion about her questioning her need to "go over" and service us. She said that she was new to bartender and wasn't sure what she should do to which we responded that's impossible because you came to our table twice already. She gave an excuse to it being crowded which it was not (there were about 10 people in there including us). She continued to come over to our table to tell us more about why she asked her boss that and every time it did not make sense. It was horrible customer service and I would not recommend this place to anyone.A great place to share plates of tapas-like foods. Great drinks, fun atmosphere. Very quaint. Being from the south, I appreciate the live music! And also, the downstairs is bumpin!Amazing cocktails, Amazing food, Great music, and the best group of people I have ever had the pleasure to meet.  Bar & wait staff are on point and are always willing to serve you or supply you with the secret password for the super secret speakeasy. Happy Hours are one of the best in the city and nights keep the fun going with live music or dj.  This has become one of my favorite spots to be.This was my first weekend off in over a decade. I didn't know where to even begin with all of the restaurants in the city. I happened to park in the lot across the street and noticed the sign a few weeks back and was intrigued. I AM SO GLAD I DID MY RESEARCH!!! If you are a Frank Sinatra fan, or ever wished you lived during the prohibition or supper club era, this is a MUST!!! The bar itself is a class act, the dinner music puts you right back to a supper club when music was music, the dinner was out of this world, and to top it all off, a DJ followed which kept the place jumping all night long....for the VIPs in the house.....there's a VERY COOL rotary phone in the front of the house and IF your nice ....you'll get a secret password which will move a secret bookshelf and allow you access to a speakeasy downstairs ....complete with full bar and different music!!! Awesome staff....great drinks ....amazing concept !!!! Total hidden gem and a MUST  TRY.....was too much to appreciate ....Cool new vibe in the heart of center city  Vesper Sporting Club really has something for everyone!!!Apart from the choice in live bands and acoustics in the front bar, this would be a great place to hang. The atmosphere is great; however, the live music is way too loud and blaring, it takes away from an enjoyable ambiance.I've heard the name Vesper mentioned a few times over the years, but never visited. Last Wednesday I went with a friend for dinner during restaurant week. We had a lovely experience. Our waiter, Alberto provided attentive and courteous service-even going so far as to replace an appetizer for a a very minimal issue which was beyond anyone's control. Alberto also had the bartender whip up a custom champagne cocktail just so suit my whim. I'm beginning to seem a little high maintenance., perhaps I am, but not once did the staff hesitate to accommodate our requests. I appreciate great service,I really enjoyed my cocktail,  and each of our 4 dishes was wonderful. I absolutely loved the duck ravioli appetizer and found the short rib to be perfectly tender. The passion fruit puree that accompanied my Creme Brule reminded me of Rio! A classy dining room and live music rounded out a near perfect dining experience. I'll be back on a regular basis.We had mixed feelings about Vesper.  The positive:  the atmosphere is cool and swanky, the food is absolutely delicious, the staff we encountered were all friendly, the service was decent, there is live music, the cocktails were delicious.  The negative: prices are extremely high for what you get.  Most appetizers/small plates are around $14 and there are about 3 bites of food in each.  The cocktails are all around $13 and are very small.  I would estimate the glasses they are served in are 4 ounces.  For $13 you should get a standard sized cocktail.  The vegetarian pot pie entrée was delicious, but had no crust!  It was just the filling baked into a ceramic container.  As far as the live music, the night we were there they had a bluegrass band.  Not exactly what we expected at a swanky, sophisticated supper club.  Nothing against the band - they were good musicians, but we were not really in the mood for hillbilly music and didn't feel it fit this venue.
All things considered, we are glad we gave it a try, but we blew a lot of money and it really wasn't worth it.DO NOT COME TO THIS PIECE OF SHIT VENUE! The drinks are garbage, the place smells like rancid dog shit, and the dimwit bouncers were harassing women the entire night. I hope this fuck up of a bar gets shut down immediatelyWent here on a Friday night in the summer and there was an AMAZING DJ playing. I'm always down for a good night of dancing and this was by far the best experience I've had in Philly. I hear they don't always have that so maybe just call beforehand to see. The downstairs bar is also on point.Nice location but uncomfortable, out-of-date interior space and crappy cocktails made by some guy claiming them to be "the best in Philly". Not so. No wonder the place was empty.I attended a private Birthday party event downstairs in the "Speakeasy" on a Saturday night 2 weeks ago.  Since it was a "Ratpack" themed party and they had a wonderful singer crooning Frank Sinatra songs, I thought it was a good pick for the party.  Loved the look and set up of the downstairs and the first round of drinks were great. Things went a bit down hill from there.  The friend throwing the party was upset that the food wasn't coming out.  There were supposed to be passed appetizers as well as a table set up, and it was taking a long time apparently.  My second martini was served in a small champagne glass and the bartender apologized that they were out of glasses. We were passed one tray of huge shrimp but it never came out again.  The rest of the food was OK - I expected better for a private catered event.  The coordinator from the restaurant did apologize that there were problems that evening, but I didn't see things improve. I learned later what they had been charged for the food, and that they were offered no discount for the issues except a $200 gift certificate to come back and have dinner there. Things can always go wrong in the kitchen, but it's how management deals with them that makes all the difference.I'm belated in this review
We excitedly went opening weekend and showed up way too early in the bar downstairs --like AARP early 
It wasn't terribly hard to find in the alley which was nice 
We had our password and called the bartender downstairs with the phone on the left as you enter and then the door opened to the dark and seductive bar below
The bartenders were very accommodating even though they had barely set up everything!
They were super knowledgeable and passionate about craft cocktails and made delicious off the cuff drinks to boot so it definitely entertained us for the 2hrs until more people actually started to show up
What can I say?? I get excited about new cocktail places!!
Very nice selection of standard drinks on their menu, I liked their twists like Corpse Reviver with Cocchi Americano vs Lillet Blanc
They also made some reinterpreted versions of a Clover Club that I really enjoyed
Drinks were around $15-18ish which is to be expected for all of the work they do/different ingredients that go into the cocktail
At the time they did not have Genever or egg whites for any drinks so I was a bit bummed but they did have some interesting simple syrups and shrubs so I will definitely be coming back!
We only drank in the downstairs bar so I can't comment on the food but I will say the drinks and atmosphere etc were fantastic! Will definitely come back again...just not so early on a Friday night ;)
Note: its a cellar/basement so not only can you not get cell phone service down there but also I read online they don't allow cell phones down there which I actually really appreciate in today's day and age of everyone with their phones out on the table or constantly flipping through fb or instagram, its very distracting!
There's a general hierarchy of etiquette inmho-- which places real people/company over anything on your phone so just put it away and enjoy the moment!Great vibe and feels like a hidden Gem. Great service and food. Big Fan!Elegant and classy without being pretentious.
Great live music.
Cocktails are really good, but they could be a little more imaginative with the beer list (Tripels, quads, Belgian blondes that aren't Hoegardten or Stella, dark ales ...there are plenty of local beers that are excellent and cheap like golden monkey, flying fish exit 4 or grand cru, etc.)
My biggest complaint is that their website is never updated for the live entertainment, so unless I know about an event, I'm not likely to go.  And I never visit their site ...which I would do when i'm going to various sites to figure out what to do...great place to hang out, good "traditional" cocktails and beer selection. anything good and neat gets pricy fast "this place has Westland Scotch".Great drinks! Cool atmosphere. Shhh there is a secret and if you ask the bar tender nicely maybe you will find out what's hidden below. Now once you find the secret the choice is yours but I prefer upstairs! The Frank Sinatra singer was great when we were there.Came here for a fancy family dinner over a weekend trip to Philly and enjoyed the experience! 
We had a gift card for restaurant.com and I wanted to make use of it because I knew we wanted to go somewhere a bit nicer and more expensive. This place was on restaurant.com's site, had good reviews, and a quick peep at the menu proved that there would be something for everyone. However, after making reservations and redeeming the gift certificate for Vesper, I saw that it is labeled a "swanky restaurant with drinks and dancing" (or something like that) and got a bit nervous--would this be an appropriate place for a family meal? 
When we got there (the entrance is in an alley and next to a parking garage), I was appeased. No live music that night and it wasn't too busy. There was another big family there with a baby in a baby carrier.
The food was great! Of the dishes we sampled: the scallops (perfectly cooked with a great hash underneath but be warned: the hash has bacon), lobster bisque (somewhat sweet which we weren't expecting but big pieces of lobster and didn't taste fishy at all), rack of lamb (a special that night), and whole lobster (also a special).
Overall, a great spot for young people and families. Great food and for the caliber of the menu and food, the price was not bad, especially for the location (in Rittenhouse Square). Not giving five stars because it didn't seem to be as nice--aesthetically-- as I had expected. But still a great placeOverpriced drinks which is typical for Philadelphia but usually in that case it is offset by good service. Nope not here. Came here on a Saturday night with a bunch of friends and the bouncer made it a point to come over to us while we were finishing our drink to let us know the place was closed. Meanwhile at least 20 other people to the left and right of us finishing up their drinks he decides to grab our drinks and throw us out and then wait outside instead of getting everyone else out of the bar. All in all just rude people. It's one thing to kick the whole bar out but don't single out 2 people.I want to give this place a 5 star because everything was pretty fabulous except for the ambiance. I went here Friday night for a dinner date. We made a reservation for 7pm, which turned out to be completely unnecessary as we were the only ones in the dinning room. I've lived in Philly for almost two years and I know 7 may be a little on the early side, but not to be seated in a dinner room that was empty. The live music that people have raved about didn't start until we were getting ready to leave around 8pm, which was disappointing because I love live music and what we did stay and listen to was very good. 
When we walked in after the small entrance area was a sportslike bar, there were a few people there, it looked like they had come from after work. When we left, this area had filled up and looked like a good place to go to if Misconduct around the corner was to full. 
We walked through to a larger area where there was a stage off to the side. The band played on the small stage, and as we were leaving there was a dance class going on which was kind of neat. 
We then turned into the large empty dinning room. A family left after their dinner shortly after we were seated. A large group did end up coming in. This space felt more like a place to reserve for a larger group. Like an engagement party, or celebratory thing. 
We were seated in a two seat table. Service was awesome. The wait staff was very attentive in filling water, getting our order and answering questions. The food was very good. We got the seafood appetizer which was delicious and perfect for 2. And then we got 3 items from the "second tastes". I thought it was going to be too much food, but we probably could have ordered more. I kind of liked it though because we got to try a lot of different meals. If you're a person who doesn't like to share though I wouldn't recommend doing this, but instead get your own meal. We also both got dessert. I got the cheesecake which was very very good. After the meal I was very content in that I wasn't overstuffed, but the perfect amount of full. 
We each had a different cocktail before dinner which was absolutely great. My date loves cocktails, which is why had gone here. As we were eating Johnny, who I think was a manager came over and chatted with us. When we went to leave Johnny stopped us and asked where we were going. We were headed to Franklin Mortgage for more cocktails when Johnny told us about the speakeasy downstairs. He gave us the password and even came down and paid for our first round. He was super friendly, and the bartenders were even more friendly. They made really great drinks after we told them what we typically liked. Again though the ambiance was lacking. It has a ton of potential but a great spot, but there just weren't many people down there. 
Johnny and the entire wait staff was absolutely fantastic. Super friendly. This place really has everything it needs to be great, it just needs people to go! I'll certainly be back, hopefully with more people.Went here on thrusday night with couple of friends- Love the atmosphere , Live music was playing but volume was perfect;drinks were solid,I personally enjoyed a little drink called a flu shot -they're take on a cold hot toddy in the philly February. The blonde female bartender was polite and knowledgeable as well. Everyone at the place was easy on the eyes, including the crowd .The place was legit-I will be back with more friends forsure.-dLoved the vibe and decor of this restaurant, but, unfortunately, that was about all I liked:(. We had a small Valentine's Day menu (which was not mentioned when making a reservation and was not listed on their website) so we were very disappointed. I had the arugula salad for a starter. It was TINY and way overdressed. After that we were given 2 little rolls. I got the filet which was supposed to come with a shallot purée and thyme reduction, but both were pretty nonexistent. The filet was cooked well, however. The whipped potatoes were good but not plentiful at all and the spinach was just bland spinach. The salted caramel cheesecake was probably the best course. Also disappointing were the drinks. For $11-$15 a cocktail, they should be making them correctly!  I had a Cosmo that was mostly lime juice and then tried a lemon drop martini which was just vodka and a tiny bit of sugar on one part of the glass. My husband got the vesper (horrible) and a bourbon with a muddle of mint, but they just tossed some leaves in it. It might seem picky, but if we're paying that much, they should be good!  We really wanted to like this place more than we did.Tried Vesper for the Winter Restaurant Week of 2016. Ticker away on a small side street the restaurant is not that easy to find, but that fits the theme of the restaurant. The walk to the main dining room takes you past the bar and a lounge area with a stage for live music. I've read there is a "secret" club in the basement as well. The décor seems to be going for an old style speakeasy type of feel. But the water stain on the ceiling in the dining room seemed to be going a bit too far to get that feeling of an old restaurant.
My 3 course meal consisted of the Duck Confit Ravioli, Braised Short Rib, and Burnt Orange & Chocolate Cake. The ravioli was OK, but would have been better with more ravioli and less spinach. The Short Rib was disappointing.  I had to cut it with a knife, so it surely didn't fall off the bone before it was served. I've had better at many different places. The cake was a good dessert. I also tried my girlfriend's Roasted Bone Marrow, and was not impressed. 
With so many good restaurants in the city Vesper will need to step up its game to compete. I would only go back to listen to music in the lounge, after having dinner elsewhere.Philly is a great city to go out and experience the cuisine and nightlife. However, each great city has their crappy and overpriced spots. Vesper is one of them. Between overpriced drinks and piss poor service this spot is a must miss!!!We had a great time last night for my fiancee's birthday. The Staff went out of their way to accommodate us and couldn't be nicer. Our food, (seafood sampler and scallops & pork belly) were fantastic.This place is absolutely awesome. Was there on Thursday when they had a 9-piece band playing music from the 20's and 30's and a few guests dancing. Lively atmosphere, delicious food, and great cocktails. The hidden bar downstairs was truly a great find. Definitely a must-visit place on a night out in Philly.Tried to make reservations for my birthday a week prior. I left two messages and called about 10 times and never got a return call. It's been two weeks and I'm still waiting for a call back (sarcasm) lol I rather not give any business to an establishment that can't answer the phone or return a phone call.Great cocktails and food. My husband and I along with some friends stopped in for pre dinner drinks and ended up ordering the truffle guacamole and fish and chip bites. Absolutely awesome. Our bartender Pat was great too-friendly and knowledgeable. Love the classic cocktails-the old fashioned is top notch, with a delicious candied cherry to snack on. Highly recommend.Super trendy spot with awesome food and great staff..highly recommended.
Go ask for Derm and he will make sure you have a great time. Perfect place for a date with an amazing seafood platter accompanied by soulful live music..
Jeanette and Brian are friendly and extremely attentive bartenders.
Jason is good fun and an excellent server.
Don't miss this spot..
If you're cool enough, they will let you in on a secret. Try it out! My hangout spot for sure!Incredible food and great service! We found this gem by accident since the restaurant we were going to was closed.  The service by our waiter Alberto was excellent and his suggestions  couldn't have been better.  The live music was an added bonus and definitely recommend for date night or just dinner with friends.First off, let us preface that we never write reviews on places. The service and food at Vesper made this 5 star yelp review not only much deserved by the Vesper crew but a must! My fiancé and I had an overnight layover in Philly and decided to drop in for some late night food. Before we even arrived, we called ahead to make the sure the kitchen was open. Jeanette (who is amazing) answered the phone right away. Score! Kitchen closed at 11pm that night. This speakeasy-esque establishment greeted us with a killer oyster service, a stocked bar, an amazing app & entree menu curated by chef Corey (who is a total sweetheart). We rarely have an actual head chef take the time to walk us through the menu AND make personal recommendations. I had the crabmeat stuffed trout (which was caught the day prior). My fiancé had the bone-in NY strip (he wouldn't stop raving about it). This crew really made us feel like we were home!Like what so unexpected. My four girlfriends and I walked into a nearly empty vesper. I know it for more of a late night spot. It was a very intimate setting there weren't many people in the restaurant (actually lucky us). The menu doesn't do the food justice. It was literally an art! Absolutely amazing. Vesper did not disappoint with its restaurant week selection. Definitely try it! We loved it. The service was great too.I am pretty certain that this new establishment i not really sure what it wants to be in terms of theme. The main bar is very nice and active, was not really comfortable and oddly configured, the speakeasy was interesting and very well done. The pre-dinner cocktails were very good but a bit overpriced. The menu/dining idea is very conflicted. An example of the food sharing concept is that when a table orders a 24 oz center cut sirloin meant for sharing and it comes to the table whole is a bit ridiculous. I did politely ask the server to take it to the kitchen after presentation for carving but he insisted cutting table side. The result was not good as he did not have the proper knife and was cutting on the plate rather than a cutting board. The result was a plate sliding and shifting on the table and 24 oz of mutilated beef. I was very unimpressed with the preparation and taste of all items except for the crab cocktail which was quite good.Vesper was an excellent choice for a Restaurant Week meal.  The whole experience was enjoyable and isn't that what dining out is all about?  We all tried and shared so many items off of the Restaurant Week menu that it is hard to comment on everything.  We did begin with a raw seafood sampler that was not on the special menu but included oysters, crab meat, and shrimps with various sauces.  A good beginning!  Now to the Restaurant Week items themselves.  The warm rolls and salads were fine, the entrees for the most part didn't disappoint, and there was a choice of chocolate or cheesecake for dessert.  I thought the lobster ravioli could use some more seasoning and the spaetzle that came with the tender braised short ribs was too dried out but the scallops and roasted Brussels sprouts were right on.  Service by Rocco was both efficient and very friendly and we enjoyed a couple of good bottles of dry Italian wine which added to the dinner.  In addition to the food and wine, there was an excellent singer from Northern Ireland providing music.  (He usually sings on Wednesday nights and has a nice repertoire of songs that he covers.)  The general manager John also checked in with us....especially to aid in the wine selections.  All in all, Vesper was a really good Restaurant week choice!Came into Vesper over the weekend, as I was looking for a cocktail bar near my house, that I haven't been to yet.  Yelp shows Vesper, which my roommate said was a private club. However, they recently opened up to the public! To my surprise!  Don't be intimidated when you walk up to the door, there are several door-men but they are all very friendly.
The main floor is a cocktail lounge, mixology type style. There's a long bar, with several TV's. The back room is also large, with a piano and small stage for a guitarist or small band.  There was a single guitarist playing fun cover songs when I was there Friday.  He was really good!  The drinks were also very good, I had a gin drink from the cocktail menu, with lemon and champagne in it.  My friends had a Manhattan style drink which they really liked. My only suggestion would be a larger cocktail menu. For the complex bar and ingredients they offer, there weren't very many drinks on the menu, which kept me wondering what else they can make. 
The downstairs basement is another story... 
There's a "secret" door in the basement with a telephone attached. You type in the passcode on the telephone for the door to open. Behind the door is a pretty big looking night club, with bumping music. I didn't get a good look inside, but it was awkward seeing people waiting in line because they may or may not know the password. Awakward! Just let someone in why don't ya? 
The crowd was strange, a mix of everyone. It seemed like all the old "parents" were upstairs enjoying the cocktail lounge, while their "kids" in tight dresses and high heels were partying downstairs a the club.  Different and slightly weird!  But overall, they did a great job gutting this place and making it fancy with great drinks, music, and atmosphere. I'll be back!Our first visit to Vesper and a memorable one. Great vibe as we entered, terrific cocktails in the lounge and an awesome meal. Our server helped us navigate the menu, made excellent recommendations and cared for our every need. Scallops with pork belly, prawns and duck were a delicious variety. We shared a large steak that fed us all and shared sweet desserts.
Everyone was welcoming and attentive to our every need. Don't miss the pretzel rolls and mustard butter... over the top!
Well go back soon.When I first walked into the place I'm thinking okay I came to an empty bar. Then I looked around the corner and that's where the actual was. I came for brunch with my friends. Disclaimer you have to put a $100 hold on your table in order to sit down. Next you get bottomless mimosas. And when I say bottomless, bitch I mean bottomless. We ended up getting 7 bottles  the food was really good also and a lot! The dj was lit I may have to have him at a bbq this summer. But def would go again & also bring more people. Just know you'll be spending some money bc gratuity added in! But best brunch I've ever been to. Will def be back bro!A good place for an evening of drinks, food, and music. They have a decent selection of drinks, and options for food as well (usually smaller portions, more expensive, but the appetizers were really very good). The upstairs is a bar area, but the bottom is more of a club-feel with more mood lighting, club-type music, etc. When I was there, a group had rented out the bottom for a private event, so they only let us take a quick look, but otherwise I believe that you can get a password from the bartenders, call downstairs on a telephone, and enter behind a "secret bookcase" to get downstairs. I'm not sure how much of a secret it is anymore though! It was an interesting crowd -- some older folks, some younger ones as well. I think it is a little overpriced, but they have good options for live music if you're into that for your evening scene!I visited Vesper for a casual Saturday date night and found it to be wonderful!  The staff was very helpful.  I tend to enjoy sipping on Manhattans when I am out and wanted to switch it up.  The waiter's recommendation of a Vesper was perfect.  The drink was exactly what I was looking for.  The food was excellent.  My husband and I split the raw bar sampler and some oysters.  I found the oysters to be fresh and a lot more appetizing than others I have had in the Philadelphia area.  We also had the salmon and a dessert, no complaints there.  There was live music upstairs which I found to be very enjoyable while we were dining.  I will definitely be visiting Vesper again.  Can't wait to take some friends/family along for the next trip!My time at Vesper has been happy hour after work, so I can't speak about the food or music, but I can say the staff is friendly and unlike some places the noise level is low, making it easy to hold a conversation. Tony the Irish Bartender is a great guy, an excellent bartender and will make you feel welcome, as will the others behind the bar. Cheers!Required a $750.00 min to sit at a booth for the game.  Place is filthy, smells like a frat house and they still try to charge out the you know what.  Never again.  Better milk it for all it's got. This place will be closed by June. I guarantee it.Great venue for food, drink and live entertainment. We are older so we like live music. Tonight, the live music stopped at 10 and then the DJ comes on and takes care of the younger crowd with bottle service. Not our thing, but the people there looked happy! The food was really good. I had the Fish and Chips and my wife had the homemade chips and homemade quacamole... they both were fantastic! We highly recommend this place!I did not have a wonderful experience at Vesper.  The menu and the food were relatively good but the experience was not great.  My waiter was just terrible and as a customer you just begin to feel trapped because you are at the mercy of when this person is going to come to your table.  It seems like a fun place to get drinks or listen to music but I would not dine here again.I sourced a private dinner here for 10 professionals with a pre-set menu. The communication leading up to the dinner was wonderful. They were responsive and accommodating. Jason was the manager the evening of the dinner. He was wonderful as well. All of the attendees had rave reviews. The atmosphere with the live music was great but what really made the evening was the people. All of the staff was SO friendly and seemed to really love what they do. Four stars because I had the scallops and they were far too salty, but the bread before the meal with the herb butter was DELICIOUS and my colleague had the filet, which was also good!OK, but music is FAR TOO LOUD!  Deafening, in fact.Ughh.. so much potential. This place could be awesome, sadly it isn't. So let me jump right in... the food was horrible. We spent over two bills pre tip, so it's not cheap either, but what a let down. We ordered a seafood tower and the clams were fishy, the oysters were tasteless, and the lobster was slimy. We didn't even come close to attempting to finish it. I never leave oysters..ever. the sea bass looked good, but had absolutely no flavor. Yo, Owner of this place...You have such a solid setup.. change the chef and cooks. I mean even add some salt or something. 
Ok now the good. Server was cool, he tried to recommend and help
Onto the best part and why it has 2 stars In stead of none... drinks were solid and strong. Live music with a guy who sounded just like frank... it becomes a pretty good club later on. I'll come back to drink definitely. Such a shame bc this place could be awesome all around.Had dinner there recently ,and it was great.Manhattans at the bar ,WoW, you must stop after one or two , but they won't flag you.Nice to see people that are well dressed.  Large French cut pork chop done to perfection. House Merlot was good but not great. Service was courteous and prompt,we changed our minds ,during our fine salads,no one got flustered. Oh, and try the snapper soup one of the best in town.I had no room for desert , but the coffee and the decaf were a nice finish. I hope to go again !Really a wonderfully done supper club!
The restaurant is set up to serve small groups (4 to 6) and the menu is designed for sharing.  The quality is absolutely top notch, as is the service!  The decor was a great mix of 50/60s era with some modern touches.  A beautiful room and very roomy, no concerns about the next table's conversation flooding your's out.
The only thing holding this back from being a five star was:
1.  Live music.  While not being so loud as to hamper conversation, I much preferred the pre-recorded Frank/Dino/Sammy era music, but other's mileage may vary.
2.  Something Vesper couldn't do anything about:  The dining room was empty through most of our meal.  Important to note - it was Father's Day and perhaps this isn't the type of place where most families would go for that holiday, so factor that in.
It's important that you understand, this isn't your typical ap, entre, dessert type restaurant.  It's an opportunity to sample some truly fine dishes with friends and family.  If that's what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed.Lovin the Vesper Club and it's speakeasy bar downstairs!  Wonderful jazz band last Saturday night followed by a DJ and dancing.  Finally a place where it's not too overly young in age to hang out and have a great time!Not worth the time or money.  Service was very slow, salad warm and entrees cold. 
Ordered a Manhattan up w shaker rocks on the side- got a champagne glass w bourbon and a cherry, w a beer pint glass of ice on the side.   Really???
Don't waste your time- there's a hundred better placed to spend your time and $.  
Not the same as it was when the private supper club was here.  Won't be backWhen I heard that Vesper, an old private supper club, was reopening after an extensive renovation, I was excited to check it out.  I went with my boyfriend for post-dinner drinks and had a great experience. The upstairs bar had a great atmosphere and great drinks. We tried some amazing oysters and went to the "speakeasy" downstairs.  
Overall we had a fantastic experience and cannot wait to go back.Ate here about a month ago with two of our friends. The service was enthusiastic and accommodating; the entertainment and atmosphere was fun and definitely a throw-back; and the food was reasonable though didn't wow us. My wife's scallop entree was a little lackluster. Overall a decent experience.I've had a lot of fantastic cocktails in my life.  I've talked to interesting bartenders and some even told me some mixology tricks.  I've had bartenders give me a drink on the house, because I settled my tab, finished my drink, and was still waiting for my wife to take her third sip of hers...  At the speakeasy part of Vesper, I think I found the best bartenders I've ever encountered.  Evan and Robin were the most informative and brought hospitality in the bar industry to the next level for me.  My wife had some questions and they poured her a small sample of a liquor.  I asked if I could take a small sip of her glass and I was told by Evan, that he would pour me one.  I ordered a cocktail and I was asked if I liked sour beers, which I do, because the drink tasted like one.  He wanted to be sure that I enjoyed the drink.  
On my next drink, there was some fire involved and Robin setup a scientific experiment for me to see what he was doing.  He set up a glass of water and dipped a spoon in bourbon, lit it and extracted some orange oils into the plain water.  That way, I could see that it wasn't just show, but added a subtle flavor.  Oh, they even let me smell some bitters, which I took them up on, even though I had the exact same one in my home bar.  I did tell Robin that I think they were the best bartenders.  They truly care about their craft.Great new place with extremely friendly staff!  Had a drink and chatted for a bit but will be coming back to check out the speak easy.  Definitely makes a difference when people are just plain nice!Was wooed by the charming hostess Lauren, who deftly recruited my friends and I to come check Vesper out. We had about 30 mins before our main man had to catch a cab to the 30th Street Station, and we'd resolved to get one more last drink, so it was serendipitous that she found us on the street, idling. I'm glad we went in, and I like the sense of experimentation here; Lauren gave us a great tour of the secret lounge and the history behind it. There was a very talented live musician covering everything from Johnny Cash to Pink Floyd. Everybody working there was very attentive and seemed keen on creating a positive experience. I feel like this place is going to be very popular and hoppin' in the near future, especially given its relationship to and proximity with Misconduct Tavern. Will definitely be back, and, again, kudos to Lauren for the guerrilla marketing.So, (spoiler alert) I love this place. They have the best cocktail specials for happy hour in the city. I'm partial to the old fashioneds.
I've come here no fewer than 50 times in the past year but am only now doing a review (forgive me for my selfishness). 
It's a chill spot. Great food and drinks for happy hour, easily accessible, and centrally located. The staff is also amazing--the bartenders Stephanie and Jeanette are two of the most darling and real young women you could have the pleasure of getting to know. The hostesses, wait-staff, and owners are also awesome. They are the definition of "a stranger is a friend you haven't met yet". 
Vesper does a great job of balancing a high class place/feel without the astronomical price. They also have live music several times a week and the ever-present allure of the speakeasy. It's truly a great place and I HIGHLY recommend it for those that won't ruin it for the rest of us (jk).
UPDATE:: John, the manager (who also happens to give amazing hugs) went on a search for me for some, ahem, feminine products, and when he didn't find it among the female staff WENT AND BOUGHT THEM FOR ME!!!! I don't even think my bf and I are there yet haha! This bar will literally fulfill all your needs! vesper and the awesome staff hereI feel the need to update my review-- that's how much it's changed!! And for the worse unfortunately
Went there on a Friday evening and had dinner -- skip the food, it's overpriced and not very tasty/nor fresh tasting but I was there for cocktails
We easily get into the basement lounge on a Friday at 9 which should have been warning flag #1
This place doesn't know what it wants to be--
Do you want it to be an upscale cocktail lounge or a late night dance club party place for 22yr olds??
The music and clientele and dress spoke to the latter
People in sneakers and baseball hats??! Blasting EDM...
And then the final nail in the coffin
They got rid of our favorite talented bartender Jesse and replaced him with hacks
Everything we had was overpriced and flavorless
It was clear they didn't have a clue about true cocktail making -- all of the Bartenders choice drinks were unbalanced and used odd ingredients just for the sake of bravado and when I asked more questions it was evident they staff behind the bar wasn't trained enough about spirits -- who doesn't know what a genever is? Or about different bitters...
I know me some good cocktails (Employees Only, Death & Co, Milk & Honey before they closed....)
I rescind my previous recommendation, avoid this place like the plagueThis place is not a must try by any means. A friend recommended this since she saw they had bottomless mimosas for $25. I wouldn't come back for the mimosas. Actually, with the bartender they had I wouldn't come back for any alcoholic beverages. 
Food & drinks - My friend ordered a lemon drop martini, chicken & waffles. I had a pineapple upside down martini with the French toast breakfast platter. The chicken was seasoned perfectly, tender, juicy & lightly crisp on the breading. The waffle was luke warm however it tasted good & soft with a very mild crunch.
My French toast was warmer then the waffle and had a crispy texture around the crust. The eggs were standard scramble and I chose sausage which was 2 pork sausage links that were very tasty. I actually wanted more of the sausage. 
Our drinks were not tasty at all. The best way to describe them both is tasteless. I don't know how you mess up a lemon drop martini but it was done. I sent my drink back as it tasted watery with no alcohol. Even the second one, while removing the water, was lacking taste. It was just flat and tasteless. It was a waste of $14 for sure. I asked if the bartender was new but my waitress said he's the regular bartender. We wouldn't let him serve us another drink for free if they offered. The mimosas came with oj, I saw cranberry juice as well but we were told oj was only option for $25.
Atmosphere- there is a section straight back that's kept dark with high and low top table seating. Some fit big groups and others for 2 -4 guests. The lighting is kept low to create a club/lounge atmosphere. Disco lights are located in this section and they have a fog system. This might be nice for later in the day, but I felt it was too much for Saturday afternoon brunch. There are big screen TVs all around the upper walls in this section that played videos to coordinate with the songs the DJ played. Having a DJ is a nice touch, however the TVs kept freezing up and finally all crashed after awhile. 
Our waitress was ok. I asked for paper napkins before our meals came but she never gave us any. The security was cool but I just wouldn't go back. Lastly the bathroom is in the basement and it's sorta dark going down there so be careful.A real supper club with good live music.  We had the raw bar sampler and crab cake, and some really unique and delicious cocktails while a really talented and fun rockabilly quartet performed.  Then we headed to the speakeasy for more music and fun.  Great food and ambiance!  I would recommend going at 8pm or later to ensure the band is playing when you arrive.Stef works there... how can you not love this place? 
Of note:
* Cocktails are the real deal.
* Staff is cool as shit. 
* Food is scrumptious. 
* Decent beer on draft and nice bottle options.
* Outstanding Whiskey selection
* Live music
* Hidden little Speakeasy style spot downstairs on select nights
Feels like you're off the beaten path even though you're in the middle of center city.We really liked our dinner + live music date. We weren't up for hanging out at a bar all night but we did want dinner and a bit of a lively scene. We got both a solid meal and a fun atmosphere at Vesper.
We maneuvered through a bustling bar scene to get to our table. From there we listened to 20s music and watched amateur yet talented swing dancing on the dance floor. 
We ordered several of the small(er) plates. The salmon was excellent - cooked perfectly and so were the scallops. We also really liked the mushroom risotto. 
Since Vesper is more of a bar/club the food really exceeded my expectations.I had a reservation for 9pm, got there 5 min early, to find out there was a 20 min wait for the table to be ready. This is given that 9:30 was the last seating time, and there were at least 5 larger tables available when we walked in. So you'd rather have customers stand around in hope of getting a few larger parties as the dinner service is winding down? Not a good move if you ask me. I wish I could say our service was attentive, but I can't. There was no bread offered while waiting for the food, some of our utensils were missing, and after getting the bill our waters were never refilled. The food was good, but not spectacular or filling, especially not for the price. The cocktails were amazing though. So if you're looking for a place with good drinks, you'll be pleased. The dining area was also really cold, where both my friend and I ended up wearing jackets for most of the dinner, and the radio music got really loud towards the end. I'd come back here again for drinks, but not for dinner.My friend and I visited on a Saturday night when we heard that there was a good crowd. We got there around 1030 and there was alot of people but not too bad. We went downstairs to the speakeasy first and waiting about 10 minutes but could not get a bartenders attention so we went back upstairs. We were lucky enough to get a seat at the bar and stayed for about 2 hours. The specialty drinks were good and the service was good also. By 1230 the place was packed with mid to late 20's crowd. Would most likely return.I came here for a networking work event. We were in a large room upstairs with a bar so plenty of room to walk around and mingle. I had read on yelp prior to the event that their guacamole was the best in the city. I can definitely say it was good! After the event my coworkers and I walked downstairs to the speakeasy portion which was very cool. You can only get in with the password which of course adds to the secrecy vibe. I am definitely looking forward to coming back here with my friends !Awesome new version of the grand old lady. The Vesper 'Club', while fabulous in its day, had shown her age in her last few years. This new incarnation, open to the public, saved all the old but shined her up like a new penny. Terrific on all levels. Come on in, enjoy a real cocktail.Great steakhouse!...Had a terrific experience!...My bartender, Eric, was the BEST!...I will definitely be back!The remake of this classic establishment is very disappointing.  The menu is boring and the food is average at best.  The drinks are good but pricey. The table service was slow and the staff didn't seem to be well trained. There is a minimum charge ( $100) and a credit card requirement to sit at a table in the bar area which I feel is a bit pompous.  There wasn't anything about this place that would make me recommend it.Oh Vesper how you've changed. This went from being a high class, unique, prohibition style restaurant/bar to now ... I don't even know what it is. It's a shady, douchefest 4000 staffed by attractive morons who you have to repeatedly ask for the same things over and over- like water. That's tough to remember, I get it. They had a DJ with lights and fog machine going while simultaneously serving mimosas and brunch. That made the food impossible to see and disgusting to eat. A fog machine on Sunday at 10AM. Really. It was weird and sad.On Sydenham Street between 15th/16th and Walnut/Locust streets, Vesper is hidden away in the heart of Center City. And shouldn't that be the case? After all, it is a supper club with a speakeasy hidden within (psst: it's behind the bookcase by the hostess stand). In 1901, the original Vesper club was chartered by the Mummers and throughout the next century, it was home to folks seeking reprieve from Prohibition with bathtub gin stills and mob ties leaving their mark. In 2015, the trio of Brendan Smith, Chuck Ercole, and John Barry re-imagined Vesper to be a Philly destination to enjoy a refined night out, without any pretension. 
Whiskey Smash | Old Fashioned | Moscow Mule | Vesper [$13 each]
The eponymous Vesper cocktail was smooth and boozy, with Bluecoat Gin featured along with vodka and Cocchi Americano. I enjoyed the Whiskey Smash, which had the bite of whiskey, muddled in the fashion of a Mint Julep with a citrusy twist. And who can say no to a properly made Old Fashioned or the ginger effervescence of a Moscow Mule? 
Bread Service
Bread service consists of house-baked bread - warm, crusty, and fluffy within. A pat of chive butter melted easily and created a satisfying start to the meal.
Caprese Tower [$12]
Broken balsamic, basil oil
The meal proper started off with a tower of thick-cut and ripe tomatoes, stacked with fresh mozzarella. Balsamic and basil oil drizzle complemented each bite, providing a twist on the classic caprese.  
Scallops & Chorizo
Skewers of savory-sweet scallops and house-smoked chorizo provided a nice interplay between textures and tastes, with red pepper providing a fresh reprieve. Oh, and the scallops were from Hokkaido, giving you a sense of the quality of ingredients available at Vesper.
Hog Wings [$12]
House-made spicy honey BBQ, summer slaw
One of the big hits of the night had to be the hog wings. Currently off-menu and soon to be featured on both the regular menu and during Happy Hour, these are a must. Properly frenched in lollipop fashion, these nuggets of pork joy are tender as can be and will fall off the bone in one fell swoop. The spicy sauce is tempered by honey and the summer slaw of watermelon radish, carrots, and parsnips provided a countervailing element to the pork. 
Lobster Ravioli [$28]
Sauteed leeks, roasted spring squash
Lobster ravioli were generously portioned and cooked nicely al dente. The sauce was rich and smoky, with the tender, sweet lobster still shining through. The sauteed leeks and roasted spring squash provided even more depth to each bite. 
Chilean Seabass [$38]
Rehydrated cherry risotto, pistachio pesto 
We could not get enough of the Chilean sea bass. A stunner of a dish and possibly the best of the night, the fish was cooked perfectly. Delicately seared and firm, yet flaky, Chef Mullen's deft touch with the seasoning on the fish was reasonable considering the punch of flavor from the rich risotto and flavorful pistachio pesto. Definitely coming back for this! 
Seared Lamb Loin [$32]
Ratatouille 
Lamb loin cut like butter and easily ate like filet, with the light, grassy notes reminding you this was lamb. The bed of ratatouille was sweet, earthy, and had enough acid to counter the lamb.
Duroc Pork Rib Chop [$36]
Potato and Swiss Chard Gratin
Vesper doesn't kid around with the quality of its ingredients. The brined Duroc Pork Rib Chop was moist, juicy, and nicely crusted on the exterior. And the potato and swiss chard gratin? Pure heaven, with the swiss chard almost eating like creamed spinach, but with more texture, especially with the potato gratin and crusted mozzarella on top. Even if you don't get this dish, you'd be remiss if you didn't order the gratin as a side!  
Chocolate Cake & Cheesecake 
At this point we were clearly stuffed, but dessert came in the form of a chocolate cake that was light, moist, and had a decadent ganache. The cheesecake was a clear winner in my book as well. So much so that it stacks up with Junior's in NY. It had just the right amount of tang and creaminess, with an ephemeral texture that made me think there was ricotta involved. So light in fact, it almost felt as though it evaporated upon mastication. If only that were the case with the waistline after a night like this.  
Chef Mullen's clearly killing it in the kitchen and service was beyond reproach. I know I'll be by again to check out the speakeasy downstairs, perhaps after popping in for some hog wings during Happy Hour. Then again, I can easily see that turning into another night salivating over more of the Chilean Sea bass and and cheesecake.We went to Vesper because we hada coupon and it looked like a good menu.  We got there and when we saw all of the food come out we ended up ordering so many things from the menu.  The toasted bread with Procuito and the grilled cheese sandwiches were great.  All of the seafood was fresh and fantastic.  I ordered a steak to share with my friend and the drinks were delicious.  There is a private Speakeasy bar downstairs, a hopping bar upstairs and during dinner a wonderful singer that made us think Frank Sinatra came back to life.  Our waiter Larry made us relaxed and made sure our food was spaced out so we could enjoy our evening.  Can't wait to go back.I've been here several times since it opened but just doing a review. They have a great happy hour which usually isn't too crowded. I love their take on fish n chips. They usually have live music but the last time I was there they didn't, disappointed. I wish there was a little more diversity in their performances as well. Overall though, I really like this place...it's one of my main go-to's.Lolooove this place! Went with friends on a Friday night, it was really quiet, but the bar was packed. We had dinner, shared small plates, it was delicious and creative. Our server was so nice and accomodating, and at the end of our meal we checked out the speakeasy downstairs. Highlight of the whole thing was definitely the guy playing guitar, taking requests as well! Will definitely be back!What a fun spot! Hidden down a back street in philly, vesper is truly a gem. I've only been there for brunch, however I had the time of my life. When you walk in it has a dive bar theme, but as you walk into the back it turns into a dayclub. You will definitely need reservations if you want to do their day brunch. A group of us went for a friends birthday, and it was 25 dollars a head for bottomless mimosas. There is a DJ, large TVs and an area where you can dance behind your table if you are on the edge of the bar. There is also food for purchase. I got the chicken and waffles and was not disappointed despite it's "nightclub" theme. All in all this is a great place to let loose and have fun!