Just opened next to parc, there was a wait there so they accommodated us right away at the bar. Beautiful place and clean. Our bartender Chris was excellent and made strong cocktails. Bathroom
Was behind the wine bar which was a little odd. The foaccacia with honey butter I highly suggest. We got the snapper which was a little too pickled but the cheese/cauliflower small plate was excellent. The past was decent size for price and delicious. Good atmosphere and service for such a new place would recommend even for just drinks.absolutely loved it- the food, drinks, atmosphere, and service were all impressive, especially considering how new the place is. the menu is creative and not too flashy. our server was extremely kind and attentive without being pushy. love that the menu has a pasta encyclopedia on the back! can't wait to return.Absolutely amazing food. One of the best if not best pastas I have had and we were at delposto in nyc just a month ago!!! Via Locusta is truly exceptional with their very fine selections of pasta! The focaccia with the honey butter was delightful. The pastas truly though were the highlight! We had the agnolotti and the doppio ravioli.  Both were nothing short of melt in your mouth deliciousness. Wish we came with bigger appetites and could taste another one of their pastas!  Highly recommend the restaurant!I loved their food, small ish portions but definitely quality over quantity. Desserts are also must! The manager is super friendly and all the workers were so nice and accommodating even w a stroller and baby. Would 100% recommend !!!!Everything is looking auspicious for Michael Schulson's latest offshoot, Via Locusta. The house made pasta dishes are the draw, and certainly the reason why you'll be dreaming of coming back even before you depart.Wanted to check out Shulson's newest & swung by. Had drinks only, but hope to check out food. 
Nice design - very similar to Giuseppe & Sons. 
Sat at the bar. Mixed drinks were well made, price on par with comparable spots. 
Service got better as the visit went on. Not so welcoming in the beginning, but warmed up at the bar. Managers swung by at the end to make sure all went well. Much appreciated. 
Intending to go back and have food, but not in any particular rush.What a fantastic experience outdoor dining here last Saturday!  Definitely make reservations if you have yet to experience the surreal, cozy joy that is heat lamp dining in the freezing cold on a city street (for the record, we were adequately TOASTY here, so much so I didn't wear my winter coat or scarf the entire meal and wished I didn't wear a sweater either). Get on down here!
Our server, Paul, was THE best.  Insanely knowledgable about the expansive wine list and the best pairings for each section of the menu, pacing our courses with calculated precision.  Plus, super friendly and attentive (especially considering servers have to cross the street in traffic to deliver our food!)
A breakdown:
The Sauce: started with two glasses of white, then moved on to a bottle of red (a lovely licorice-y bottle of Barbera, per Paul's recommendation)
The Starter: addicting, toasty & not shy of seasoning foccacia bread served piping hot in a mini cast iron skillet and served with delightful whipped bee pollen honey butter (can you eat this if you're allergic to bees, serious question) & an addition of silky farmer's cheese (I would literally go back just to order 5 these - bread lovers, REJOICE!)
The Small Plate: lovely, bitter chicory with a smattering of pistachios and a hefty dousing of a fresh and herby rose vinaigrette, topped with plump figs (very large portion for being labelled "small")
The Shareable Pastas: creamy duck ragu gramigna and lemony saffron calamaretti (that gamey duck won the battle, especially paired with the red, but that calamaretti was also fantastic)
The Sizable Entrees: peppery NY strip steak and a decadent roast suckling pig (wonderful crust on the steak but a *tiny* complaint is that the steak knives were not sharp at all, and that pig was 1000% worth the high cholesterol)
The Sweet(s): fried apple donut and a butterscotch gelato served with all the fixins' (this was 2desserts and we did not need 2desserts - it was excessive but worth every delicious bite)
It feels like you're in a fort, with a tall heat lamp and two smaller heat lamps ensconcing you in a warm, orange glow.  The street pavement itself was covered in some type of outdoor carpet and the clear plastic tents with a greenhouse assortment of hanging plants and strung lights, openings, and socially-distanced tables allowed both air flow and privacy, a must in these troubling times.
Will I be back? Hell yeah!Came in for first time. Nancy was our server and she took care of us to the endth degree. Everyone was so attentive. Then we tried the food. Holy. Moly. We wanted to eat until it was unsafe to continue to do so, everything was so good. 5 stars. 2 thumbs up.So i found this restaurant while browsing the web for hottest new Philadelphia restaurants January 2020. I saw that it was a Michael Schulson restaurant and we had been to sampan and giuseppe and sons and loved them both and we love Italian so we figured we would give this a shot. We were going last minute on a monday night and usually dont make reservations but we called ahead and they had 1 table left for 6:30pm. The host was very friendly and we were seated got a few drinks and ordered the focaccia with the farmers cheese to start. They never did bring the farmers cheese but we didnt say anything because the focaccia was excellent and the butter that went on it melted in your mouth. There was no charge on the final bill for the farmers cheese either so he must not have put it in no big deal at all no worries. The server was very informative and knew the dishes on the menu and ingredients and when i asked a few foodie specific questions he knew the answers immediately. The service was top notch. Table was wiped down after each dish and water filled and always someone around if you needed anything. The manager also checked in to make sure everything was ok. The next dish we ordered was the sweet onion small plate. This was also delicious and tasty. It was onion on the outside with sausage and breadcrumbs in the midldle. A very unique and thoughtful complex dish. We both ordered pastas as our main course. She got the king crab fusilli and i got the garganelli with guanciale, pecorino, and tomato. The fusilli had plenty of king crab and both pastas dishes were good sizes so we left with a full belly. The garganelli had the perfect amount of spiciness to it and the guanciale was cooked (pan seared im guessing?) perfectly crispy and tomatoes tasted so fresh. We passed on dessert as we were both full but the server did give us each a baci the Italian candy with our check. The check came to $80 which wasnt bad for the amount of food and top notch service. Definitely worth checking this place out! Im sure this restaurant will soon be ranked in the top 50 restaurants in Philadelphia by Philadelphia magazine as is Alpen rose steakhouse our next stop for the dry aged steaks! Thank you!This definitely falls in the "very nice meal out" category. And delicious to boot. The kid (on his drop-off at college tour of Philly) got white pork sauce on most excellent wide noodles, I had the charred octopus with an assortment of delicious sauces and the *Show Stopping Corn Agnolotti*. So delicate they were served protected from the plate. The tender pasta pillows were filled with that ephemeral sweet and corn-y flavor that seems to have a shelf-life of mere hours. 
Very worth a special dinner.Lovely ambiance! The food was great & we were lucky to sneak in a reservation for 9:45 on a Saturday. The drinks were great & overall the vibes were top notch at the place. Will def be coming back when in Philly next time!overall beautiful space and great service!
the food: i got several of the small plates which i thought were far better than the pastas. heirloom tomato salad topped with pesto was amazing, the octopus dish had the softest octopus ever, and loved the focaccia with burrata (a little salty though!) for pasta i had the sweet corn with truffle, which was good but a little dry for me.
service: came with a larger party and was still so consistently taken care of and accommodated for, cannot applaud them enough!My good friends and me decided to stop by for drinks during our recent visit to Philly. WOW!!!! These drinks  were absolutely amazing!  The bartenders all of them were kick ass amazing. These were artists in every way creating cocktails with both sophistication and depth. Never have I left a review simply for drinks. But this recent experience really demanded. Shawn and the crew killed it in the best way. I'll be back many times. I had like 6 drinks and left a $40 tip. Thanks guys and Via LocustaNice outdoor seating, good drinks, food was solid. Good for a quick sit down or casual dinner. Would be back for happy hour, but probably not for dinner.
Drink-wise, the Melograno spritz was one of the best I've had. The expresso martinis were pretty good and were great as a dessert cocktail since the dessert options were pretty limited. The Mela Rossa was my least favorite drink of the night, it was heavy on the aperol in flavor.
Food-wise, we ordered the Focaccia with the shaved prosciutto, this was done very well and was the best the dish of the night. The bread is very light and fluffy and is great with the richness of the honey butter. This is definitely a must have while dining here. For our entrees we ordered 2 pastas to split, the quadretti ravioli and the gramigna. The quadretti was solid, however it was a bit boring. It was a very simple dish and had a bit too much butter and oil on the plate with it for my taste. The gramigna was okay, it was quite hearty yet the sauce was too light and lacked much flavor. The flavor of this dish came purely from the meat and it was pretty boring as well. Overall, it was a solid meal, but nothing crazy.Incredible fresh pasta with very imaginative small plates, fresh focaccia that's to die for, superbly friendly service and an excellent bar - one of my new go-to restaurants. My only complaint is that it was a little loud, then again, I'm a little old. Order a lot of everything, be adventurous and ask the wait staff what they like, they seem to have good taste. Crudo was clean, salty and sour, the gnocchi tasted Asian inspired, definitely a chef having fun experimenting, and the pasta dishes were both amazing. It's a cool little spot that's part of a very solid family of restaurants - I'd like to see this one take liberties with pasta as often as the inspiration strikes. Well done.I am not usually one to write a "bad" review but I was so disappointed in our experience at Via Locusta.  
They seated us at an outside table that was right outside the front door which had the heat and smell blasting directly towards us, my finace never complains and he even said we cannot sit here.  I went back inside to ask the hostess if we could move and she could not have been more understanding and pleasant and said she would move us the first table that opened up.   When I walked in the door she knew exactly why I was back in there which made me think why do they sit people there in the first place?  Although she was extremely understanding and helpful. 
Once we move tables our server comes over and we try to order the focaccia to munch on while we decide what we want.  She said that the kitchen prefers an entire order but she assured us about 6 times that everything would be coursed properly and we would not feel overwhelmed with everything coming at once, so we placed our whole order.  
There were 4 of us we got the Focaccia with the Whipped Honey Butter, Tuscan lardo, and Burrata.  Honestly just get the classic with the Honey Butter because the Lardo and burrata were nothing to write home about.  We ordered the Tuna Tartare, Octopus, and Gnoccho Fritto for apps.  The Tuna Tartare had good flavor but was room temperate, the octopus was good but a little tough, and the gnoccho fritto is not at all worth it.  The Focaccia and all of the apps came out at the same time which we were less than thrilled about. 
For pastas we ordered the Pappardelle, Cappelletti, Agnolotti, and Fusilli and then the suckling pig for the big plate.  The suckling pig came out before 2 of the pastas did ....... after the waitress repeating herself multiple times about how things would be coursed and then it not happening was extremely disappointing.  None of the pastas were anything that special, they were good but certainly not great and nothing I would be going back for.  The suckling pig was the high point of the meal for sure.  
Finally we finish up our meal and there are STILL dirty plates from the lardo, butter, and burrata that were served first with the focaccia on the table.  The table was small, they served way too many things at once, and then left the dirty plates on the table.  
For a Schulson restaurant we are so excited to try and have been wanting to try since it opened, it was extremely disappointing and we will not be back.I think this place has a lot of potential.  We went the first week they opened and booked the reservation well in advance and we were surprised to be put at the large group table in the private dining room upstairs.  I will say this is a cool area if you have a big group and want some private space, but not ideal for a party of 2.  Not a big deal, we were able to move our table downstairs.  
The decor and ambiance is amazing, and I appreciate the restaurant being on the smaller side because I think for house made pasta this is necessary.  There is only one single person bathroom and it's awkwardly placed behind where the servers stand which is my only issue with the space.  
I had a few different cocktails that, for the most part, were well balanced.  Food wise we had the snapper and scallop crudo.  Both were incredible and maybe the highlights of our meal.  Really balanced in flavor and the fish itself was of great quality.   The horseradish in the snapper crudo wasn't overpowering and was a really nice touch.  Had the squash appetizer which my wife liked but I honestly hated.  The skin was left on and was incredibly bitter.  This dish just didn't work for me.  Pasta wise, I will say that the pasta itself is clearly really well done here.  The Agnolotti was definitely the best of the 3 we had, but how can pasta with truffle that you're dipping into cheese with your hands be bad?  The doppio ravioli was pretty good but just a bit too heavy with the combination of the Gorgonzola and the fig.  After one or two you're done.  Finally we had the buccatini and I thought the pasta was too light for this style but flavor wise was good.   For dessert we had two different pies and both were amazing.  
Overall, I think this place can become a 5 star spot once the pasta dishes are improved a touch, the potential is clearly there.The food fantastic, the lighting/ambience mellow, but watch out for the wine prices! The Italian-centric wine list is printed on dark paper and near impossible to read. I allowed the waiter to suggest a wine pairing with my food (pear small plate, agnolotti with truffle) and my friend said she loves Barolo, so would take a glass of that. I scanned the wine prices, nothing struck me as out of ordinary, the typical $14-$15 range on first glance. However, when the bill arrived, my friend's glass of Barolo was $27.00. Yes, twenty-seven dollars. If that's what it's worth, so be it. But wines like that should be noted as "special" on the wine list, and called out. I found it outrageous. I'll be far more careful next time.This is the latest addition to the Rittenhouse area. Located on the north side of Locust Street, Midway between 17th and 18th. This is a very nice place. Dim lit medium sized dining room offers great ambiance. Our Server Dustin was excellent . I am vegan and he was very helpful pointing out several options for me on the menu, and also offering to make adjustments to some dishes to accommodate. Plates are purposefully designed smaller with hopes that diners will have a chance to try more. My friend and I started with the "Crudite" salad and a second salad plate whose name escapes me. Both were fresh, cold, and delicious. I had the whole wheat Spaghetti which was so delicious, I had to ask twice if was made using butter. The olive oil sauce was that AMAZING!! My friend had ravioli which I couldn't try but she proclaimed was delicious! After 4 plates and a glass of Pinot Grigio for her and a Tito's Martini for me, we had no room for desert. My cocktail was made to perfection and she enjoyed her glass of white. Besides Dustin's special attention to our table, another server checked on us twice, and someone came from the bar minutes after our drinks were served to make sure we were satisfied. We had 7:15 reservations on a Saturday night and we were imediately sat. In and out in about an hour but not rushed. Check was $92 (pleasant surprise). Crowd is sophisticated and what you'd expect in Rittenhouse. This will not doubt be a hot spot this summer. No pun intended. I live right next door and will surely be back. Give it a shot. You can't go wrong here.Wonderful restaurant. The ambiance tends to the loud side, more festive than overbearing. The food was fabulous, we got the focaccia, dopio ravioli and suckling pig.
The cocktails were more sweet than complex, but very enjoyable.
To top it all off, the service is first rate!Even in the Rona, Schulson doesn't miss! This location opened right around March and hasn't had a chance to shine fully, just yet but on my second visit here, I'm even more excited for indoor dining and whatever life after this brings. The steak dish with a side of potatoes is a perfect meal during this steamy summer. The cocktails are equally immaculate--no pre-batched "cocktails to go" here; you're getting a full mixology experience from some of the best in the city. Rittenhouse is buzzing with activity and with the closing of 18th Street; Via is perfectly situated away from most of the madness. What more can you ask for?We recently had lunch after having dinner there another time and all I can say is it's awesome. In my opinion one of the best places for pasta in philly and excellent cocktailsWe visited Via Locusta for Valentines Day with a party of 8.  The restaurant &  bar is absolutely beautiful.   We ordered a bunch of plates to share that were awesome.  The appetizer focaccia bread was delicious accompanied by a sweet honey butter.  I could have eaten e few loafs!  The ravioli was tasty, the king crab fusilli macaroni was to die for, sword fish was perfect, roast pig was very very very good and the Bone in NY strip (sliced) was probably my favorite.     The restaurant was packed but service was spot on, cleaning plates, filling water, etc.    Everything was very reasonably priced for a Rittenhouse Square area restaurant.   Will definitely be back.   Highly recommend!I was really looking forward to dinner at this restaurant, but it was unfortunately a disappointment. I went with two friends for dinner on a Saturday night in October. We had a reservation, but were kept waiting for roughly an hour outside for our table. We also ran into another group of friends, who also had been waiting about 30 minutes after their reservation time for their table. We were not notified about the backup in advance and the restaurant did not offer a round of drinks or an appetizer as typically happens in this situation.
The restaurant's decor and outdoor seating area were beautiful, and the outdoor seating area on the street (where we sat) is warm and comfortable due to the heat lamps they have out. We appreciated that touch.
Drinks were average, but not great for the price - I had the Rickey Rosso. I finished the drink and liked it fine, but would probably not get it again.  You're better off going with wine here. The best appetizer (and possibly the best part of the meal) was the skillet foccacia. The butter was very good and the bread is delicious. Another bright spot was the fried eggplant, which I thought was very good - and I'm generally not an eggplant fan. We tried three different pastas (the agnolotti, the garganelli, and the bucatini) and none were particularly good. My garganelli amatriciana was fine, but I have had much better versions of this dish elsewhere in Philly. For a place that specializes in pasta, this was disappointing. 
I also hesitate to say this in the times of COVID, because I'm grateful that in-person dining is possible and recognize that it's an extremely stressful time for restaurants and servers, but the service was also not great. Our server was dismissive and refused to give my friend a recommendation when she specifically asked. 
With two drinks, three appetizers, and three pastas, the bill was almost $200 after tip. This would have been fine if the food were great, but at this price point, there are much better Italian restaurants in Rittenhouse/Center City.Was traveling through and this restaurant was near our hotel. Called and easily made a reservation on a Tuesday night but they were definitely busy! 
Enjoyed a meal here during Covid and their outside dining set up. 
Their staff is exceptional and we loved our meal. We ordered their focaccia house-made bread and butter, so delicious especially on a cold night. 
We shared a salad and fresh pasta dish. 
We are vegetarian and found this menu accommodating. Again, the service was really great! They provided heaters in their outdoor dining space so we were cozy! Thanks for a memorable meal during our first visit to Philly in the middle of a pandemic. Recommend!Came here today for lunch with a friend and it was amazing! I love all Michael Schulsons restaurants so I wasn't too surprised that this one was just as great. Their outdoor seating is great for winter and because of dining restrictions cause of Covid. Food was amazing and service was great too! Focaccia bread is a must try we got it with the whipped honey butter, burrata and prosciutto. The garganelli pasta was also delicious! Will def be back and would def recommend.Exceptional food. Sometimes you go to an Italian restaurant and all of the spices and sauces blend into the same taste. Not here! Every dish is uniquely seasoned, so fresh, and beautifully presented. Can't go wrong with handmade pasta (sweet corn agnolotti) or crudos. The summer Frozen Pompelo (gin, aperol, grapefruit, and lemon) is as satisfying and dangerous as a Slurpee.Great service and great outdoor seating during Covid. They've created open air individaul pods with heaters.
We had the foccacia bread with honey butter, quadretti ravioli,  pappardelle and the short rib panino. All were great but the foccacia, short rib and pappardelle were our favorites. 
The short rib melted in our mouth. Will definitely be backWanted to love this place but I really only loved the focaccia bread and the brown sugar butter it came with. The menu was small and they kept recommending us to get more than one pasta dish even though we said no thank you multiple times. One was enough to fill us if we aren't too hungry. Still generous proportions. My boyfriend had the oxtail and loved it and I had the crabmeat over fusilli and thought it was mediocre.Soooooo good! We came here for happy hour that they have everyday from 3-6pm which is awesome. They had a few wines, beers and cocktails to choose from. We got pretty much every happy hour app to split and all were delicious! The focaccia bread I am still dreaming about. We ordered a second one because we were all dying for more. The bruschetta was also very tasty and flavorful. The agnolotti was delicious too with the sauce. The gnocchi fritto was not what I was expecting but was so delicious the ricotta salata you put on top. I cannot wait to go back again everything was so delicious. The only one I didn't love was the tagliata salad just because the steak was to rare for me but that's my fault for not specifying!Absolutely charming. 
From the cozy lighting and warm indoors.. to the classy menu with a plethora of options and wide variety.. the incredible wait staff (our waiter was OUTSTANDING).. or the fresh cocktails and delicious food.. 
DON'T SLEEP on Via Locusta.  
We ordered the Tuna and the fruit along with several different, fresh cocktails. The waiter easily adapted to my needs.
Unfortunately I didn't tell them I was gluten or dairy free so I didn't get to indulge but they brought us out FRESH croissants on the house - for no reason. 
It was the icing on top of an already superb experience. 
Highly HIGHLY recommend. Go for a drink, an entire meal, just apps over happy hour or simply to have your day made by the sweetest workers ever. 
Seriously! You will not regret supporting this amazing business.The first time we went in February 2020 the food was very good. But the second time we went today was a bit disappointing. Many of the happy hour appetizers I got were average at best. One pasta dish was excellent- the agnolotti, but another one was very disappointing. Overall not a great experience, especially for the steep price of dinner.Love this restaurant. Food is really solid and service is really good. Outdoor dining space is really nice too. The only thing is....portions are small. Please order extra dishes!Excellent service and wonderful outdoor dining! The focaccia with three spreads was unreal and the pasta dishes just melted in your mouth. They have a weekly happy hour 4-6pm which was nice for pre dinner drinks! I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasional or a nicer night out.I know most places are struggling during COVID, but I honestly don't understand why this place has 4.5 stars. We went during a long weekend in Philly because it had great reviews and it was close to our AirBnb, so I had high expectations. Keep in mind i worked in the restaurant biz for 6 years so I don't bash places unless it's necessary, but EVERY dish we ordered here was absolutely coated in salt. I got the tomato salad first (which was actually decent and had a normal amount of salt) but my boyfriend got the cucumber salad and it wasn't even edible. Then we both got two different pasta dishes and we could barely finish either of them because they were so incredibly salty. I don't know if they were just trying to get rid of salt that day, or if we just caught them at a bad time, but we ended up going down the street for cheesesteaks later that night because we were still starving. I swear I had to chug a bottle of water after that! I will add that the service was amazing that's the only reason its getting 3 starsGreat restaurant. Loved the lettuce & red snapper ceviche. Pastas off the charts! We loved the margaritas, so refreshing & light, not too sweet. Tiramisu was outstanding too ! Although we couldn't sit inside, interior is sexy. Highly recommended for refined, gourmet food!Glad this place is still going despite opening right at the beginning of Covid. I had heard of this place from multiple pasta snob friends and was glad to try it out. 
For drinks we got a couple of the spritz which honestly depending on how you like your alcohol, you could barely taste the alcohol. They were delicious though especially the melone. 
The focaccia was amazing and definitely a to get. I kinda wish we got two haha and the butter that came with it was divine. 
Pasta, we got the garganelli, gramigna, agnolotti, and the pappardelle. Pretty much all the meat ones and the agnolotti which was corn and black truffle. 
All the pastas were good, but I will say that I wish the pasta came out hotter. They were more on the side of luke warm to cooled so the texture of the pasta wasn't as nice once it got to our table. 
Since competition is super crazy in the city especially for pasta you gotta watch for anything you can make better.Wow. What a great new hot spot! Super attentive staff, especially Chris and Nicole. food was unique and flavorful. Can't wait to come back! We loved everything, especially the agnolotti and the pappardelle with wild boar ragu. The owner Jeff was great and seems to be in his element!A perfect meal. The pastas, the focaccia (with the honey butter!), the suckling pig, the chocolate and caramel tart, the cocktails, the service and the space - everything was incredible.New so maybe they have to get it together but I wasn't a fan. Needed the waiter to explain the muni and he did well. Food was at times bland and other times over salted. No one in our party seemed to favor the food. I'll give a plus to an ample portion of gelotti   Service was good. Food came out promptly. All entrees under $ 30 and most under $20. That said will not go backI couldn't wait to come here, the reservations were hard to get. We sat at the bar and had to wait a while for our seat. Finally, so excited after the long wait, we were lead upstairs, past a kitchen, dark stairs, and sat down in something like a picnic table. We were seated into to a kitchen room. I had garbage bins behind me. My friend had a sink behind him. I had a big mixer next to me. Crates, etc. we were seated in a kitchen storage room. Thanks for the great experience.
This is not how you treat your customers. 
Please see the pictures.I'm not usually one to post a review good or bad however last night my husband and I had such an amazing experience. Everything from start to finish was exceptional and cooked to perfection. The house made pasta was out of this world and the chicken was some of the best we've had (also don't forget about their amazing cocktails). Our server added to the experience with great knowledge and timed the courses perfectly. Highly recommend and will  be a go-to in our future visits to philly!This place was charming, the service was excellent and the food was superb!! The pasta dishes are ALL good.Although we have been getting take-out from some of our favorite places in Philly, this was the first time we have actually eaten at a restaurant in Town since this whole pandemic thing began. What an excellent experience it was from beginning to end.
We ate at one of the covered outdoor tables that line the street - with most looking like they can accommodate a party of 4. A few may hold more. After checking our temperatures, we were led to our table.
Because our reservations were for 5:45, we just snuck into Happy Hour prices for some of the items. 
Under "Small Plates" we enjoyed:
Focaccia with Bee Pollen and Honey Butter, Farmer's Cheese and Whipped Tuscan Lardo.
Tuna Tartare with Celery, Apple and Truffle.
Snapper Crudo with Fennel, Horseradish and Lemon.
Asparagus with Prosciutto, Mint & Shallot.
Gnoccho Fritto, Puffed Pastry with Prosciutto and Candied Red Pepper.
All were very very good with the Tuna and the Gnoccho at the top of our favorite list.
Under Pasta we enjoyed the Spring Pea Agnolotti with Mint and Smoked Pecorino. This was one of the best pastas we have had in a long time and should not be missed. If it's on the Happy Hour menu, as it was while we were there, order the full size portion - you won't regret it.
For our Main we shared the Roast Suckling Pig with Kale, Sunchoke Mostarda and Rosemary. Perfectly cooked with crisp skin and moist, tender meat underneath.
We had mentioned it was our Anniversary and were given a delicious complimentary Blueberry Sorbet with candied nuts and marinated cherries.
Because many of the small plate items were on the Happy Hour menu, surprisingly the bill, with1 glass of wine and 2 beers, only came to around $130 before tip.
All of the Staff could not have been more fun or informed about the menu. Can't wait to return.I LOVE this restaurant!  We didn't even know it was here until a friend told us about it and we must have walked by several times.  We frequent Parc, and walk to 17th, but don't walk too fast or you'll miss it!  It is right behind it.  It is very cozy inside with minimal seating, bar, and outdoor gazebos.  The food is amazing, we loved the charred octopus.  Staff is always lovely and welcoming, a good date spot.  We keep going back!Phenomenal spot with an excellent happy hour!
The ambiance is classy and intimate, with excellent service. Our server was very attentive and professional, and I appreciated how he was really helpful as we were gauging how much to order from the HH menu. 
Everything was delicious - we knew we had to get the famous focaccia bread with honey butter, which did not disappoint. We also ordered the steak salad, which balanced out our meal nicely and had a fairly solid portion for being a small plate item, even for us to share. The eggplant and crispy bake with prosciutto was pretty good too. One of our favorite items was the pasta with sweet corn; it's a small portion but it's creamy and slightly sweet and melts in your mouth. 
There wasn't a lot of wine options for the HH menu (I think it was just a generic white or red) but they had some unique sparkling drinks and some beer options as well. 
Would definitely recommend this place and hope to come again!Came here for happy hour with some friends and had a great experience. Their spritzers were light and delicious, my favorite is the hugo. The assortment of appetizers is nice as well, with my favorites being the pumpkin agnolotti (absolutely delicious) and their focaccia. They also have a good amount of outdoor seating making it easy to dine with them!Love this place! I came here because I saw it on Instagram. The pasta is house made and the sweet corn pasta is DELICIOUS, the snapper is so refreshing, the focaccia bread is yummy, and the dessert was the perfect finishing touch on the meal. I recommend this highly !! Must try it.It was my birthday dinner and although this wasn't my first choice for restaurant, I'm so happy I came!
We had to wait about 20 min after arrival for our table, but we just stood and drank cocktails from the bar (yummy).
The food was delicious! I went to El Vez for lunch that day and it was sorely disappointing with it's lack of flavor (although the sea bass taco on my taco sampler was good, but very small). Via Locusta made up for it! Every dish (aside from the steak my friend got) was actually seasoned and delicious! We ate the focaccia appetizer, 4 small plates (tuna tartare, cauliflower, zucchini, one other), I got the lamb ragu (switched out to pappardelle pasta), my friend had the 1/2 chicken (also delicious), and my other friend had the steak (which didn't have seasoning and we sent it back). 
They sent out a sparkler with pistachio ice cream for my bday dessert and it was DELICIOUS.
Also, the staff was very nice, knowledgeable, and accomodating.
Highly recommend, would return again. :DI went here for my birthday. The food was outstanding. We started with 3 small plates one pasta, then two in my party had pasta for the main course. The other two of us had swordfish and roasted pig. What a great dinner everything was perfectDidn't have a reservation but wanted to take advantage of the beautiful weather on sun and was able to get a table outside. Loved loved loved our meal! You must try one of their focaccia items. And I tried several items and loved them all. My bf has the steak salad and loved it also. They have happy hr from 4-6pm so great deals also! Check it out!HUGE fan of this place! We went for happy hour (which is EVERYday!!) and ordered the focaccia (fluffy and buttery bread with amazing accompaniments and can be vegetarian since the sausage comes on the side) and the Tagliata Salad (comes with an amazing juicy steak -- and good quantity too!). A friend of mine also got the gnocchi fritto (a bit smaller portion but still great)... nice outdoor seating (not that heated, but still really cozy, distanced, and ventilated)The small plates and pasta are good. I also had the main entree Roasted suckling pig, which is ok because it's a bit on the salty side for my taste.Highly recommend the happy hour! The focaccia bread is great like everyone else says. I don't even like bread but it was delicious. The regular menu is a bit pricey which is normal for this area, but in my opinion not worth it. However, some of the dishes are quite good and you get a great value during happy hour. I enjoyed the elderflower spritz I had and the steak salad and fried eggplant. Bass crudo was just ok but the octopus was great. We tried two pasta dishes (one with bass, one with leeks & cheese). The second came out with pasta clumped together but they immediately sent another and complimentary gelato which was very tasty. I'll be back for happy hour.Service is what stands out the most here, as it's exceptional. However, our main entrees were a disappointment as the fresh pasta wasn't very soft and was warm at best when served. However, the rosemary bread with honey butter was delightful. Sadly, they were also out of the caprese- tomato mozzarella basil salad. We are here on a Monday evening, so it was busy but not packed. I probably won't go back there again as I wasn't impressed for a finer Italian restaurant.I had lunch here solo and it was so wonderful! Staff were super friendly and welcoming, and my waiter recommended a few dishes at my request that turned out to be great. I had the chicory salad and tuna tartare and recommend both. I will absolutely be back to try the pastas. Loved it!came for dinner on a friday. nice interior and outdoor seating options too. 
foccacia - great, fried bread. awesome honey butter. almost ordered a second
fried eggplant - largest amount, is what it is. nice add with the mint
octopus - ok this tasted great but straight up only 6 bites on the plate??? for 18 dollars 
agnolotti - loved it, youll love it too if you like corn.
spaghetti w/mussels - thought the almond breadcrumbs wouldn't matter but added some nice nuttiness and texture. 
(both pastas were awesome, just wish there was more)
pork w/ cherries - great, like a very expensive version of crispy pork belly
cocktails were pretty meh tbh. not super well balanced or interesting. would prob stick to wine.
overall everything tasted great BUT the portions are really small so you're struggling to get full. if you're coming, maybe try happy hour, or come from a happy hour.My first experience at Via Locusta was very good, and I'm looking forward to returning so I can try even more of the menu. My dining companion and I were on a little bit of a time crunch because we had theatre tickets, so we let our server (Richard) know up front and he did a great job pacing our meal and making sure we had plenty of time to get to the show. 
My friend and I were both looking for something non-alcoholic, but there weren't any options on the menu. We took our server's suggestion to leave it up to the bartender, which resulted in two okay tasting sweet drinks. I'd much rather choose something for myself from a list to satisfy my own tastes. 
For food, we started with snapper crudo and romanesco fritto. Both were great. The crudo was fresh and bright while the romenesco had a great kick of heat. 
For our mains, we shared four pasta dishes which, in hindsight, could have (and probably should have) been knocked down to three simply because they were so filling. We had: quadretti ravioli, agnolotti, fusilli and garganelli. All of these were delicious and only made me want to return sooner to try the others that we left out. 
We sadly did not have time for dessert but I've seen photos of the chocolate tart which I would really like to try. That said, we still received a couple hazelnut and chocolate cookies to end on a sweet note. Looking forward to getting back to Via Locusta sooner than later!The only bathroom in the entire restaurant is behind a server station in the pass out. I know Michael Schulson knows enough about restaurants to know that's a terrible idea, and yet he allowed it anyway. Absolutely baffling. 
The food and service are fine. This is very much a typical Rittenhouse "see and be seen" restaurant, so set your expectations accordingly.Super friendly staff, very safe outdoor seating, and the best focaccia I have had (with honey butter)!Oh my goddddddd this food is so DAMN GOOD.
Literally anything you order will be amazing. I had the bucatini and pretty much cried on the spot. PLEASE GET THE BREAD. I wanna order one of those for myself- I don't even want to share it hahaha
I'd recommend ordering more than 1 plate per person if you come to this restaurant hungry, as the portions are pretty small, and you'll likely want to share with others!!! I'll be back ASAP I promiseI usually don't leave reviews but this place was so incredible that I had to. All 4 dishes that my girlfriend and I ordered were fantastic, especially the swordfish which was the most tender, delicious fish I've ever had. Pasta was hand-made and had the perfect texture and taste. The service was phenomenal, everyone who worked there was so nice. The dishes were a bit on the small side but without a doubt worth the price. I've been to many great restaurants in Philadelphia and this place is now my favorite. Definitely recommendFantastic evening out. Food was fabulous and service was on point. Between two of us we had two small plates ( tomatoes and burrata and the fried gnoccho with the pepper mustardo) both were nice. Then we did two pasta. The one everyone talks about with the corn filling and truffle cream dipping sauce and the ravioli. It was really good I need to go back just to try new dishes.Michael Schulson knocks one down Locust Street with Via Locusta.  It's primarily a pasta menu, with a variety of small plates, and the dishes are meant for sharing -- but when you dial into pasta, you have to dial with focus.  Via Locusta hits all of the good points -- the small plates (snapper crudo and heirloom tomatos) were richly flavored and carried just the right amount of oil, agliata and balsamic.  The snapper crudo was graced with Meyer lemon -- not slices or garnish, but painstakingly zested lemon to complement the finely sliced fennel.
Pasta was cooked to perfection; pork ragu and gaunciale were ideal meat sauce ingredients with the tagiatelle and garganelli.
They have tables set up on the sidewalk and half a lane of Locust Street, reservations taken online and honored as soon as we arrived, and the service was impeccable.Looking for a good restaurant, a little trendy, outdoor seating in the RIttenhouse Square area. Chose Via Locusta after reading reviews on Yelp. Very nice evening weatherwise, so glad to do their outdoor seating in one of those open-faced trailer structures that have established themselves on the Philly Restaurant scene. Good choice, plenty of social distancing, lively scene, good people watching. Nice wine selection, then appetizers, zucchini for my Buddy, his Birthday, asparagus (its the season!!) with proscuitto. I liked my appetizer more, the asparagus was very flavorful and the mixture more than interesting. BTW, now appetizers are called Small Plates. He had the roasted half chicken, very nice presentation, very moist and flavorful. I had the roasted suckling pig with crackling. Maybe the best suckling pig at a restaurant Ive ever had. Moist with nice kale pairing, and sweet taste. Dessert, he had a blueberry ultra healthy gelato, mine the full creamy caramel with walnut toppings gelato. Mine was better. Nice apertifs afterwards, which the restaurant seems to take pride in their bar offerings. Mine anise, his a coffee martini. Get the anise. What was quite nice is that the staff seems genuinely knowledgeable about what the kitchen is preparing and very helpful. Our server, Esther, was quite nice, and guided us well. All the above, the bill came to $162 before taxes and tip which I thought was very fair considering that we had the full menu from liquors to excellent preparations. If you have gotten this far on the Review, you will understand why I give VIA LOCUSTA a 100% RECOMMEND.Being a fan of the other schulson restaurants, I was very excited to finally come here. The pastas are great, some better than others. The doppio ravioli and agnolotti are a must, as well as the focaccia. The crab fusilli was very good as well but had a more tangy flavor to it. Also the desert was awesome - some sort of berry pie. We sat upstairs in the pasta making room which was a cool experience but you do lose some of the feel of the ambiance downstairs.My SO and I came for an early evening happy hour one Saturday. They have outdoor seating and we were able to get a reservation.The menu is limited but appropriate for a happy hour promotion. 
For the drinks - the Apertivo is very heavy on the aperol in flavor. The rosemary focaccia was very good especially with the honey-butter. Be sure to put some lemon juice on the eggplant fritto. The tagliata salad was a good serving of new york strip steak. The gnocchi fritto was very interesting - be sure to look it up (its not fried gnocchi, lol).
Our waitress was not very friendly, while EVERYBODY else was very nice. She spilled a drink on our table and in the food and it was well over fifteen minutes before she came back to clean anything up. We just sat there with a wet, sticky table that entire time. Accidents happen, totally understandable but there were so many alternative ways she could have handled it and that is where we were very put off. She didn't ask if she spilled anything on us until the end of the meal.Wow! This place was fantastic. We stopped by here for happy hour a couple weeks ago and we're super impressed by the food, drinks and service. The happy hour menu is great - we got the spritz, focaccia, steak salad and chicken sandwiches. All great! We will definitely be back to try more of the menu.So on a whim we booked this place 3 days after it opened - which we always promise that we won't do - we usually like to wait for restaurants to be open a few weeks so they can iron out the kinks.
Let's say we needn't have worried - it was really great.  I had a snapper crudo and some out-of-this world-ravioli with (fortunately in-season) white truffles.  DW had the cabbage as an appetizer followed by the fig ravioli.  We split a foccacia.
All of the dishes were outstanding.  The crudo was very delicately sliced and melted in your mouth.  The cabbage was way better than it sounded - a surprisingly well rounded dish.  We thought about sharing the two pasta dishes, but after trying one bite of each other's, we both looked like Golum in Lord of the Rings - each holding onto our "precious."
The foccacia was interesting - more polished and, well, just different than a typical foccacia.  The bread is a bit dense and round but pretty and really needs to be tasted.  It also turned out to be desirable, as the portion sizes of the other dishes weren't small but they also weren't huge.
In sum, this is not a south-philly red-gravy kind of Italian place.  There are plenty of those - and they're great - but this is more for someone who prefers quality over quantity and likes new twists on old favorites.  You won't be disappointed.Everything was very good. From the waiters, drinks, and food. It was really a great experience. The seating was even fast.One of the best restaurants in the city and i'm really not a big fan of schulson restaurants!! I think this one stands out. the pace is good and the food is fabulous. the roasted pig on the main plates is one of the best items in Philadelphia. As for Covid, they are careful and well spread out. The pasta items are delicious. not a huge fan of the Bucatini, but the quadretti and garganelli are fab.I recently went to Via Locusta on a date. The servers were extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations. We ordered two cocktails that had just been added to the menu. They were delicious and beautifully presented. We shared a few small plates, a pasta dish, and the most delicious strawberry and pistachio ice cream I have ever had. I will definitely be returning!Honestly really disappointed in my latest experience at Via Locusta :( 
I wanted to plan a really nice and upscale dinner for my parents to meet my future in laws, so we chose Via Locusta because I had been twice before and had a good time. I made a reservation for 6 of us inside and talked it up to everyone beforehand.
When we arrived, they sat us at a table that was set up for 5 and didn't look big enough for 6. When I told them we were 6, they responded as if we had added someone last minute, which we did not. I was put off by the way they were handling it because they said things like "we only have 2 tables for larger than 4" and "we're a small restaurant and just doing our best" but seemed unwilling to accommodate us. Eventually we settled on a table in the back that was just big enough for us. It did end up being fine, but started the night off on a less happy note. (Side note we asked to sit outside which they said was full, which is fine, but we saw 2 people sitting at an 8-top which would have fit us perfectly.)
We got to ordering and oddly, each time they brought out shareable plates, nobody ever brought out serving utensils. With COVID we felt that was especially strange, and when we would ask it was like we were asking for something strange.
The food was good, but everyone at the table agreed it was not an experience that would be commensurate with the high price tag. Unfortunately I do not think I will be back :(Every dish was amazing!!!! Served tapas style. Definitely great to share with each other. Every time a new dish came out it was exciting. We tried to decide what our favorite was. The octopus, the tuna tartar, the gnocho (not gnocchi) all amazing. The pasta dishes we shared. Wow! And the dessert... The apples that were fried like donuts (can't explain, you just have to experience) the homade gelatto and sorbet. Heavenly. And the service was fantastic. Our waiter Sam in particular. Make a reservation now. You don't want to miss this.Came here for the first time with some friends for happy hour. The seating outside for Covid was actually very cute. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Wine was delicious!
We ordered the focaccia app and it was by far our fave. The honey butter and farmers cheese were to die for with the warm bread. We didn't love the sausage spread. The beef in our salad was a bit rare for our liking. We also got the bruschetta which was tasty. The gnocchi was DELICIOUS but def a little rich. The agnolotti was also really really good.
A bit pricey for just happy hour, but the ambiance and food are really nice. I would def come back! Love a Schulson restaurant!Amazing food and service.  Truly delicious-- from the beet salad to the cauliflower to suckling pig, steak, and pasta dishes to the sorbet.  All truly delectable! The manager was so gracious.  Wonderful place to have dinner with my family after a year of quarantine.Schulson has some great restaurants, but his Italian ones are just okay. Was excited to try this place, but was disappointed. Came with a group of 6 so we tried a bunch of items on the menu. We were most impressed by the appetizers. I would recommend this place if you just wanted apps and cocktails or wine! The pasta itself was really good and you could tell it was homemade. However, the sauces were really bland. Definitely have room for improvement with the flavor. Also there's only 1 bathroom for the whole restaurant so be prepared to wait.Since I've moved to philly my girlfriend has been begging me to go here with her. She is Italian and I have said that Italian isn't my favorite kind of cuisine. She was determined to change my mind and Via Locusta was able to do that. This is a small high end Italian restaurant in a prime location. We were seated outside (Covid) in the middle of winter and managed not to freeze. Our server was really pleasant and recommended awesome food and drink. We both had a specialty cocktails then switched to wine with our mains. The homemade focaccia bread is a must have. All of their pasta is made in house and the flavors that went with them were carefully crafted and seasonal. For Italian food this meal felt surprisingly light. Everything was exceptional! We were enjoying ourselves so much that we forgot to take pictures of the 2 main pasta dishes :( I highly recommend this place and will be going back for my next Italian fix.Went to Via Locusta on Friday night. My gf was able to get us reservations into one of these warm nooks they set up with clear partitions and a heating lamp. It was a great start that made the evening comfortable from the start. Tom, the manager, was very accommodating and our waitress was very nice and did a great job with some menu recommendations 
We started with tuna and snapper crude which were both very light and tasty. The beet salad was the best I have ever had. My gf got the special pasta with truffle shavings and I had the pasta with calamari. Both were off the charts. Of course we shared a sorbet dessert which was very large and delicious. 
This was the best restaurant experience I have had in some time and they made it that much better considering these crazy times during COVID.What does one want when it's 100 degrees outside? Apparently pasta. So I find myself at Via Locusta looking for a mid day snack. There were plenty of outdoor seats, and they were at a safe distance. 
I got two pastas and the focaccia. I would return for the pasta for sure. The focaccia was supremely dry, I don't know what happened so that was disappointing. But, both the Agnolotti  and Bucatini were exceptional. 
The pasta was cooked perfectly, the bucatini thick with just the right amount of cheese and leeks. The Agnolotti was delicate and the corn filling was delicious. I can't wait to try some of their other pastas.
Overall
Focaccia: 1/5
Bucatini 5/5
Agnolotti 4/5