This place is great! Really good sushi at a discount price. It's not hard to find cheap sushi, but its hard to find cheap sushi that tastes fresh. Not to mention the portions at Vic's are very big compared to over sushi places that cost more with worse sushi.Let me start by saying I'm a sushi Nazi and can smell sushi pretenders from a mile away. If you want authentic sushi, this is NOT the place. If you want Americanized rolls and other "creative" creations, come on in!
This place is small, cramped, and the I was shocked by the prices they are charging! I spent $30 on 2 rolls and the tuna dumpling and still left hungry. I've spent upward of $150 on a sushi meal. Those are mainly for the experience and the impeccable preparation by master chefs. For this place, I expected Americanized sushi that can fill me up. 
Do yourself a favor and just go to the all-you-can-eat sushi place in Center City to get similar quality with unlimited quantity. For the same price...Delicious, fresh and reasonably priced sushi!  I had the birthday roll...the tuna was amazingly fresh...it was also beautifully presented with a very good portion size.  You will not be disappointed in this place!great place. the sushi is excellent for the price. they dont pack on the rice, which rules. the place itself is crazy small. i would never stay to eat there if i were with someone. i had some diff veggie rolls which were yummy and fresh and perfect. everything was ripe (the avocado) and crispy (picked root veggies).  also i really like that they provide trashy gossip mags to read while you wait. great place.Spicy Tuna Tartar was presented very creatively and it was really good. Samson Roll was delicious as were the other rolls. The fish was fresh and the rice was nice and sticky. Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, service was ok. I'd come back again if I was craving sushi.Was kind of disappointed with this place. We rushed inside on a rainy day and was hoping it was going to be a hidden gem seeing the size of the place (very small with one table and more seats at the counter) but the sushi was a little lacking for me. We went for lunch and got the salmon platter and some other rolls. The raw salmon itself was amazing but the rolls were very small and squished and didn't taste that great. Some of the avocado was also browning already. 
The kani salad (really recommend) and miso soup were great though! Another plus was the free bags of tea and hot water they had! I really loved thatI don't particular enjoy the crowded atmosphere, but this place has a great 3 roll special to order out. It's pretty good sushi that gets the job done when you have that sushi craving.The sushi is amazing.  I love the sushi/ rice ratio.  my favorites are the tiger roll and the sansom roll.  It is an explosion of sushi delight in your mouth!
I'll admit, it is a very small area for dining in, but they are super fast whether you're sitting at the bar or ordering out.  Personally, I like to take out.  I was addicted to it until i moved out of philly.  Now, it'll be hard finding a place as good as vic's.Awesome sushi place in Center City! The restaurant itself is a bit small but its great for takeout and they have free delivery! They're prices are also really reasonable! They have a good deal for 3 rolls for $10.95! You can't beat that!I have been searching for a decent and affordable take out sushi place and vic's is definitely it!  The prices are great (3 rolls for $11!) and the sushi is fresh and delicious!  The place is very small and there is probably enough room to seat 8 or so.  However, if you do find a spot at the sushi bar it is BYOB.
Due to it's popularity, service is a little slow so during busy times it can take up to 40 minutes for an order so keep that in mind or try to go during off times.I ordered 3 rolls for $11.  Great deal!  
i don't know just from those 3 rolls I could tell how great this place is but its super convenient for me, a quick stopover on my home from work when I'm in the mood for sushi.did the lunch special. good price for so much sushi. but I really didn't think the sushi was that great. maybe you get what you pay for. the rice was very soft too. the place is def small as other reviewers mentioned. I think I did Eel, spicy shrimp, and asparagus.Finally a sushi joint in Philly that's friendly to my checking account!! So to begin with this sushi bar is tiny (not BYOB tiny) but TINY!!!  Literally I counted maybe 10 seats around a sushi bar. The prices were shocking! Had I been transported back to California- $4.50 for two piece of nigiri- hello I'm already in love with this place. 
For apps we had the gyoza and edamame- both cheap and fairly decent, although the edamame was a bit undercooked. The real standout was the sushi. Its roughly $10.95 for your choice of 3 basic rolls- awesome! The sushi was good, although I noticed that they were more liberal with the avocado and cucumber, rather than the fish, but everything tasted fresh. We also had a specialty roll with mango and unagi. Unagi was awesome- yum yum and tasted super good with the thin slices of mango (although the mango wasn't very ripe) on top. The specialty rolls were pricier, but a great deal considering how much sushi you get. And the nigiri- OMG- melt in your mouth- very fresh!
They deliver for orders greater than $10 and takeout is definitely the way to go. Finally an affordable sushi joint!If I could give this place a zero, I would. My brother, boyfriend and I ordered from here because of the good reviews. I guess they were having a terrible off day, but our sushi was HORRIBLE. We couldn't even eat it! It looked bad, tasted bad, and did not look fresh AT ALL. We spent $40 and we picked it up to not even eat it!! We were all way too scared we would get sick. The sushi from the grocery store was better than this stuff. I have attached photos. You can see how gross it looks. Also, they were falling apart!! The rolls wouldn't stay together when you picked them up! Save yourself and go anywhere else.Allows us to substitute rolls for the 39 piece for 1$ extra. Employees are nice and warming, the area is nice and quiet and sit in is air conditionedAbsolutely jonesing for sushi, I was glad to be a few steps away from miniature Vic Sushi Bar. 
If you're trying to grab a bite with more than a handful of friends, check in elsewhere. I estimate the max capacity at 17, including chefs and other employees. If you didn't already know those 17 people intimately as of yet, you soon will as you bump elbows with fellow patrons and sit about arms-length away from sushi rollers. 
Key word here: self-sufficiency. 
Get up and get your own drink. Keep your eyes on the guys: they give you a look and you give your order. Once it's ready, you're handed your plate over the window.
My simple sushi (I saw much more colorful and compounded combos rolling out) was fresh and not weighed down with too much rice. Next time I find myself in need of sushi, hopefully I'm not too far from Vic'sAfter exploring a dozen or so sushi restaurants in center city (and a few really fancy ones in the suburbs too), I have to say Vic remains my absolute favorite.
I've tried a few of their offerings, but what always keeps me coming back is their Philadelphia Roll, which happens to be the only type of sushi I can say "melts in your mouth" it's really that good.  Ingredients are fresh and made with expert craftsmanship right in front of you (as it should be, no picking who-knows-how-old sushi out of a chafer).  Not only that, but the staff are genuinely friendly, they enjoy what they do and appreciate their customers.
Best of all, it's VERY easy on the wallet, $10 will leave you satiated, although you'll probably want more.
As a few others have said, it's not a dinner place, you can count the number of seats on one hand.  During the warm months you can get take out and enjoy it in nearby Rittenhouse Park...who could ask for more?Delivering fresh and tasty sushi...  enough said!  We order from Vic's a lot for lunch, and I have really grown to love this place.  Their sushi is nothing fancy, but it is fresh and always consistently delicious.  They have a great selection of Veggie rolls, and they offer a $10 special where you can choose 3 rolls, which is quite a bit of food for $10!  
For my last party, I ordered a Sushi tray pretty late the evening before, and they were very accommodating. Not one piece was left on the tray at the end of our party.  Everyone enjoyed the selection they put together.  
The inside of the restaurant is quite small, but it is a BYO.  If you can get a table, it would be great place for dinner too!I used to come here a lot because I liked the intimate feel. Now a days though, it's easier for me to just go to Tsuki Sushi because it has so much more space. 
The rolls ok. Sometimes they're good. But the last time I went the put so little eel in my eel roll and just covered the rice in eel sauce... soooo cheap. 
Pay a dollar more, and get better service and better rolls at Tsuki a couple blocks over.Best sushi in Philadelphia. Always fresh. The place is tiny so it's not great for groups.So good! So cheap! So fresh! Found this place a couple nights ago to get sushi takeout, and not only was I able to get many rolls for a super decent price, I only had to wait a few minutes while I watched them being made and they were amazingly fresh and delicious! Oh, I'll be back, and it will be a fearsome feast to behold! I also randomly liked that they gave soy sauce in plastic dishes instead of those really annoyingly hard to open packets, it made my life so much easier!Tiny place but the food is amazing and they are really quick to get you everything. Very expedient!Delicious sushi. Everything fresh and good. So small to go with a baby. Nice to place to pick up or delivery.Vic's Sushi Bar is hands down my favorite sushi spot in the city! The 3 roll deal is great, the small sit down is charming, and when you're really feeling lazy.. they deliver! I have recommended this spot to multiple friends and they love it.I went here on a weekday after work. It's a tiny hole in the wall place with limited seating so I recommend taking out. I got the miso soup which was pretty good but their sweet potato rolls is my favorite. The location is very convenient! The service and price are usually great. I'll definitely be going back again!Came here for lunch and got 3 rolls combo as well as the tuna dumplings. Everything was fresh and delicious, but particularly the tuna dumplings - a must if you come here!Yum yum yum yum yum. I'm pretty speechless, which, for me, is totally rare.
Finally ate here on the recommendations of yelpers, and they are all right. Yep, it's small (you feel like you're eating in someone's kitchen) but it's cozy and as long as it's not too crowded, it adds to the experience.
The service was great, the sushi, which was amazingly delicious, was made quickly and the price was right.
If they weren't playing a Muzac version of "Ave Maria" over and over on the speaker in front of me, it would have been darn near perfect. As it was, it made me, my belly and my credit card happy. I'm down with the VIC.3 roll combo special is a really good deal for decent quality sushi. I take one star away bc its near impossible to get seating during dinner time. But they are BYOB if you don't mind waiting.After a week of disappointing eats at a various restaurants, Vic Sushi was a nice surprise to end a week long trip.  Although the bar (which is the entire restaurant) only seats 6 to 8 guests at a time, we were fortunate to be seated within 15 minutes.  This gave us a good opportunity to watch the chefs prepare some unique creations with their delicate knife skills.  
The rolls were amazing and comparable to some of the stand-out sushi restaurants in California: affordable, creative, huge, and fresh!
I definitely recommend the tuna dumplings: These tuna sashimi pouches are listed under appetizers, but were probably the most memorable and tastiest part of the dinner.  Yummm.
This place is a small and cozy with a big emphasis on SMALL, so I'd probably opt for take-out if I were a local living in Philly.  I imagine there have probably been a good number of chopstick stabbing accidents as the counter bar can get crowded.This is a very small sushi bar located right next to helium comedy club.  It's a good place to grab a quick bite before a show if you're running late.  The inside sits about no more than 15 people with about 10 seats at the bar and one table on the side that sits 4 people.  
The sushi is not spectacular so don't expect your sushi to come out looking like those you would find at a fancy sushi restaurant in center city (such as Raw).  For the price, I feel the sushi is very good (the quality of raw fish did not disappoint).  They have a 3 roll special for 10.95 which I felt was the best deal.  I usually order their Kani salad, which I find very tasty and refreshing (it's crab sticks and cucumber with spicy mayo).
As far as the service, don't expect much, it's basically eat and leave.  They get pretty busy during lunch hours and evening hours as the place is rather small. Overall, if you crave sushi and are on a time constraint, this place is perfect for the price and quality of food.Visited for a late lunch on Wednesday May 25th 2011.
A small BYOB that unfortunately, in my opinion, did not rise up to all the positive reviews.  Although cheap, the sushi lacked in flavor.   
Positive(s) - Cheap (3 sushi rolls for $10.95).. Fast service..  
Negative(s) - Lacking in flavor on all levels.. No liquor license.. 
Hoping that my visit was merely a fluke. - Going to try some of their speciality rolls next visit which aren't as cost efficient as the 3 rolls for $10.95, but look promising.Came with a group of 5 people. Barely any seating. It's a whole in a wall space. Reminds you of those old Japanese movie where only locals go for the best unique eats. This place has a table for five and then a wrap around bar that looks like it sits 8 people. BYOB is cool but drinks are self serve.
We placed our order with the sushi chef. Miso soup is good. Salad is more of a take out style. No waitress. Sushi is pretty darn good. BFF roll is the best. Orders were put in and came out quick. We got ours handed over the counter. The rest of the rolls were good. Prices are decent. They also have delivery for nearby area. It's definitely a unique find in this area.An amazing sushi place - definitely one of the best sushi places I've been to. 
Their menu is very unique and the sushi is absolutely delicious. The tuna dumplings are great, and so is the Sansom roll! The restaurant is a little small so sometimes you'll have to wait for a spot to open up, but they post photos of previous guests on the wall, which I though was a nice little thing to do. 
Also, the preparers are super friendly and nice, and they prepare everything in front of you so you can see your sushi being freshly prepared. 
Overall, definitely a must-try!Great sushi! Great prices! 
although I've never actually been to the place, it is my understanding that it is extremely small. This is a great sushi take out. I'm always afraid to get sushi to go. You get great sushi from this place. very original menu with really good special rolls.
If you're looking for a  sushi take-out this is your place!I've tried quite a few sushi places in the city and this is one of my favorites! The prices are good, they have a good selection of rolls, and if you dine in it's BYO. The seating is fairly limited and the size of the place is small so I usually do takeout, but I did dine in once and the service was extremely quick! The take out service is also quick usually ready in 15 minutes and always ready when I walk over to pick it up. I've had a variety of rolls here but I usually opt for the 3 roll special, it's 3 of the more basic rolls for 11.75 which is a great deal. I've also gotten a few of the specialty rolls, the best friends roll was amazing! The Sansom and the fantastic roll were decent but not my favorite. If you like shrimp in your rolls then you will probably like the sansom, seems to be a popular one, just prefer fresh fish with my rolls. And the tuna dumpling appetizer is a must try with lots of avocado and tuna, it's delicious! They also have good quality sashimi like I like to treat myself to occasionally. You really can't go wrong here!The combination deals are spectacular for sushi, but if your not going for their combination deals, the price is very high for some very average sushi. Also, the shrimp tempura roll is odd. The tempura is mixed in raw tuna and then the shrimp (that was cooked too long) is added?? Maybe I got a bad order or a new person making my sushi but it was bad and definitely not shrimp tempura. I even asked just to make sure after tasting it...Well-priced and a no-frills atmosphere. We got take-out and enjoyed all of the six rolls we decided on, especially the sweet potato roll (3 rolls for $10.95). There's very limited seating but the plates being put together by the chef at the counter were so beautiful, it looks worth a return trip to eat-in.Vic is the best place for eating sushi in Philadelphia. Prices are ok, and the food is amazing.Simply the best- quick service, great food, great prices, amazing all around
- from, a localThis is one of the best sushi bars in Philly and in general. But don't be fooled by how small and low-key it looks. This place ranks in the big leagues, for sure.
There were two of us. We ordered a spider roll, a summer roll, a birthday roll (all special rolls), edamame and seaweed salad. It was fantastic. The sushi was so fresh and flavorful I was fighting to hold back tears of joy. Not to mention the service was incredibly fast. I'm glad we got in there when we did though because right after we sat down, about three more couples walked in behind us and had to leave or wait awkwardly behind us until enough chairs opened up. I have no idea how long the wait was for them because I'm pretty sure I blacked out in a sushi-eating frenzy shortly after we got our food. It was very quiet in there because the restaurant is so small. I really can't emphasize how small this place is, but it's 100% worth it to go here. I've been told not to go here on a Friday or Saturday night because it's crazy, so please consider that if you're going here for the first time. Otherwise, I definitely recommend Vic's. It is sure to impress.Excellent place for sushi, and the Tuna Dumplings are out-of-control amazing!
If you can get seats, it's a very cozy place to dine, but even if you can't, Rittenhouse Square is just a few blocks away.  It's also located near the Roxy Theatre and Helium Comedy Club, so it's a great place for dates.
The only real downside is it has limited seating (~5-7 seats), but that, I think, adds to the charm.  All-and-all, a great find.This place is essentially take-out only but wow I have never been so happy to give my money to a restaurant.  I mean it is sushi so don't expect to fill up for cheap but Vic is great quality, especially for such moderate prices.  The salmon combo and the sansom roll are standout gems in an already formidable menu.  Vic is a hole-in-the-wall for sure so be sure to take-out but they are obsessed with making amazing sushi, so its totally worth walking to rittenhouse square to actually eat it.I love the food here and frequently order delivery as well as take out.  
I recently ordered for delivery and realized they had saved my credit card information into their computer system!  An even bigger shocker was when I looked at my delivery receipt, my CC number AND expiration date was fully printed out on the receipt for the whole world to see.  
I am beyond upset, this is a huge security violation.  Most people wouldn't even notice and most businesses with half a brain would know better than to do this.
Bummer because I really like their food.Very small place, maybe 8 seats at the sushi bar, but the food was very good.  This is NOT a destination restaurant, but more a great place to grab a bite if you are local.  If I'm ever in the area again and hungry, I will definitely stop in for a bite.Will never understand how this place has such high ratings. The sushi totally sucks. They don't cut the fish properly so you may end up with a bite full of skin. Nasty.Can I get a HELL YEAH?
Seriously... Can I? Cause I want to give it to Vic. I stopped in for lunch this week and was floored by the by everything I ordered. My standard is miso, a roll and sake sashimi. I tried a nontraditional iRoll, guess I'm a sucker for anything referencing apple. There was an unexpected surprise of coconut, it really added an interesting complexity to the roll. The roll are fun and make great use of flavor combinations.
Sashimi is where I really judge sushi. It is the most striped down and honest food product you can get. If you don't have a great product there's no hiding it. Vic's sake sashimi was like kissing a mermaid, smooth, sensual and seductive. I could eat this all day.
Vic is my new favorite sushi bar.Patience is a virtue, and if you want Friday night sushi from Vic's, you'll need it. Arrive early or wait 20 minutes. 
Once you are seated, it's a much different place. The first few times I went, I had few almost no complaints. Beyond waiting for two groups of four to leave and clear out space this time, it's another great experience. The woman taking our order greeted us and gave us time to relax and sift through their sizable menu. We had one special roll and the three roll special. The rolls came out fast and well plated very nicely. Once again the eel roll and sweet potato roll shined. 
Bottom line: let's call this a 3.5 star review because the wait is too long, but the service and sushi and good enough to make me give it 4 stars instead of three.  It's a BYOB, too- a definite plus.Wow! First off, the food was fantastic! I ordered 4 rolls total: the Alaskan roll, Spicy Salmon roll, Crazy Roll, and a White Dragon roll. On top of that, my guest and I also had a miso soup. The miso soups were okay, but with a touch of soy sauce, it made it much better. But on to the good stuff. The sushi came out quickly and was presented nicely as well. The regular rolls come with 8 pieces for a cheap price too! I'll take 8 pieces over 6 pieces any day! The special rolls were outstanding. Try the CRAZY ROLL. The crab mix on the roll was so tasty. 
I docked 1 star solely due to space issues. There is literally no where to sit besides at the sushi bar. No tables, nothing. So, odds are you are going to have to wait unless you get lucky. 
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi, and for a cheap price!There's not much I can say.
I come to Vic's when I'm craving sushi, and 3 rolls for $11 with lightning speed service makes it even better. I've never had the specialty rolls, but even the basic ones are satisfying. If Vic's were closer to where I lived, I would come here much, much more often.
There are about 7 seats total in the place, so be prepared to wait a long time if you get there in the middle of a meal time. The complimentary tea makes it fine! You can also call-ahead and order, but you'd miss out on possibly being in one of their pictures lining the walls.
The only downside is that they're closed on Mondays, and sometimes I want sushi on Mondays. And that they're popular, which means less sushi / longer wait for me. (I know, a woeful situation indeed.)Our favorite Sushi place, so easy going and food is fresh and tasty all the time.Vic Sushi was a really nice surprise in comparison to the usual, overly priced subpar sushi in CC. There's only seating at a small bar that wraps around the sushi counter, but to me that was an enjoyable aspect to the experience. But, be aware if you're looking for seating that you may have to do carry out. If dining here, you MUST try the tuna dumplings. It's like nothing I've ever tried before and my life is forever changed. Also, the three roll special for $11 is a really great deal.Went to Vic Sushi for the first time this week, it was great! VERY small on the inside, so it might be better for takeout if you're picky about the ambiance/space. 
They have a great deal for 3 rolls, which I usually do not order that many but the rolls were on the small side, since you are getting 3 for about $10. 
Also try the Volcano roll (not included in the 3 roll special!) it is amazing! 
BYOB was nice too! Note: they do not take AMEX but do accept credit cards!I usually don't get Sushi because I never really like the taste of it but I visited this place today and found out that what I was eating wasn't really seaweed and rice wrapped nothingness compared to this place. The fish was very fresh, delicious and very quickly made. I ordered the 3 roll special - the Shrimp Tempura, White Tuna Roll and Inari Roll. All of the rolls were very good but what roll stood out the most was the Shrimp Tempura which was amazing. All in all, the price and the fact that they make it fresh in front of you very quickly, this place is very good.Vic's 3 rolls for $10.95 and incredible specialty rolls (including the shrimp tempura mango coconut roll... mind-blowing!) will make any sushi lover a very happy person!  This small, intimate BYOB makes it sometimes hard to get a seat, but take out and delivery make getting your sushi fix very easy! Vic's creations are out of this world: aesthetically pleasing and incredible tasting!Came here for a date with my girlfriend and I have to say that I am a fan.  The price wasn't bad and the food was pretty good.  The two od us opted for one of their party platters because we can both eat alot lmfao.  The only downside to this place was the room to sit.  This place is definitely a better place to bring food home from then to eat there.  All and all really good sushi for the price and I would absolutely come here again probably to get take out though.Best sushi in Philadelphia! We went for lunch on a weekday and were able to get seated in the tiny restaurant. We ordered the tuna dumplings, which were delicious as expected. We also did the 3 roll special- I actually recommend against doing this. These rolls were nothing special. The specialty rolls are where Vic differentiates itself. Sansom was my favorite!Let's hear it for Vic!  I love this place.  I always get the 2 roll special for take out.  Always the yellowtail [mmm].  Last week I thought I'd branch out and try the spicy tuna roll.  Don't do that.  Ever.  It was basically mayonnaise and disgusting.  But the yellowtail is solid.  One of these days I might try sitting down in there.You ever meet a person who just always seems to find something to nit pick about? Well those have got to be the people who gave this place any less than a 4!!! (unless they requested delivery)
I have now been here 2 times, once on a date and once on a mad lunch break dash from my office in East Falls to their Sansom St. location to fulfill my Sushi craving, and I have yet to be disappointed. The Ocean Brothers roll and Crazy roll are among my favorites for now since I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu. 
If there was anything that I would warn future patrons about it would be the fact that this place is quite small and on a busy night, or if you're traveling with a nice size group of people, it might be difficult to get seating. The other thing I would warn about is their delivery service. I have never ordered delivery, however, I witnessed the staff taking a few calls from patrons who'd ordered 30 or more minutes before and had not yet received their order. Not making excuses for them but I would attribute this issue to their popularity and the fact that their delivery, at least on that night, was a middle aged man on a bike.
Overall, I think this place is definitely worth visiting AT LEAST once to gain your own experience. Who knows, it might become a FAV!!!This place was fantastic. I was really surprised my first time I arrived at Vic Sushi, because it was so small, and because my friend told me it was a BYO. There is a tiny bar section, and a table right at the entrance of the restaurant that will fit a maximum of 5 people. There aren't really any servers, and the waiter/waitress takes your order over the bar area.
The sushi is delicious and so impeccably made. Everything tasted so fresh, and when I asked for extra masago on the side, they obliged! They also have really unique rolls, one which includes strips of mango on the top. This type of creativity makes me want to go back again and again to try out new rolls. 
I recommend this place to anyone who likes take-out, doesn't mind small spaces, and can tolerate a possible lack of service. 
Fantastic food!Tasty sushi for reasonable price. Small place and waiting list could be long. Service could be improved.Ordered an Alaskan roll (salmon and avocado) and the salmon was the lowest quality I have ever seen. It was more fat that salmon. Do not recommendThe hype is real, this place is so good. Their specialty rolls, price-wise, might not seem like the best "deal" because their $12-15 prices seem pretty average, but the rice-to-filling ratio is UNREAL, they're 10% rice to 90% filling. My favorite is the birthday roll, an awesome combo of different fish with a little avocado. Delicious, great quality, the only thing keeping me from 5 stars is that it's a tiny space so unless you plan on coming at a weird time, like 3 PM, you have to get takeout because there is only seating for about 8 people. Otherwise, if you love sushi, get takeout and you will not be disappointed.This is my go to place for sushi in Philly. The sushi is always fresh and the presentation of each roll is fantastic, especially for the specialty rolls. My favorite is the yellow dragon roll. The mango is the perfect partner with the eel. The restaurant is tiny and always crowded so be prepared to wait for a seat at peak hours.Awesome sushi, great 3 roll specials, and quick delivery (even on a weekend night)!  Only downfall, they're not open on Sundays! :(This place is Philly's best kept secret or judging from the number of reviews here maybe not. Here's what you need to know: it's small, they don't take reservations, they're a byob, they do take out, they're delicious and fresh. If you're coming in for awesome sushi, you won't be disappointed, if you're coming in for thrills and fancy decor well, this may not be the place for you. Me personally though, I love the decor, or actually the lack of thereof. Except for a wall of photographs you won't see any adornments. The focus is on the rolls and the guys behind the counter making your delicious dinner. I'll keep coming back for that.Vic is the best deal in town, shoved into the tiniest space in town. Everyone must know about the 3 rolls for $10 deal as its always full and there's always a wait. Shumai are stellar and sushi is above average but I don't love it/ think its as high quality as everyone else. Its great for a sushi fix and byo so excellent option for a cheap eat. Nice staff round out the experience.Delicious specialty rolls and 3 roll special for $10.95 can't be beat! Actually, when it comes down to it, this seems to be the most consistent quality sushi place in Phila. The seating limit of ~10 people makes this place charming but also a little tight, but the sushi is really top of the line. They are fast, and always have incredible specials. We love the tuna dumplings stuffed with avacado as well.The three roll special is good price, but the rolls are small, with a limited selection.  Miso soup was very good, but they do not give you the spoons that you usually get in sushi bars, you just get a regular plastic spoon.  The two special rolls that I had were very good, definatly worth the price.  The Al a Carte sushi was good, with very fresh fish.
The ambinence was ok, it is very small and cramped if all the seats are taken (12-15 seats), and they have an old school boom box playing 80s music.The only thing stopping me from giving Vic's 5 stars is their service and quality of the rolls/food goes down tremendously during lunch (1130am - 130pm). The reason for that is because of their "3 Rolls for $10.95" lunch special. Otherwise, the rolls are made well and you receive 8 pieces per roll. If you eat in, you receive free tea. I have tried a handful of the special rolls and while they are a bit pricey, for the most part, they are worth it!
*Others may say that the small venue is also a negative.DELICIOUS SUSHI! prepared fast. I love their food, it's incredible, but the seating is limited so don't get there at peak times (or just order take-out).I feel like this place has 3 1/2 star food but the quick service bumps it up to 4. The ocean brother roll was delicious-- everything else we had was pretty standard. And honest to God I've never had sushi this fast. Usually it's torturously slow. If you're going to go on a second date and you think that it may bomb, this is the place to go. The place is psychotically small (only 13 people could sit!) so you can't talk about douchey things without the person rubbing elbows next to you overhearing. We ordered, had our sushi and was finished in under 30 minutes NO JOKE. I mean we were hungry so there wasn't any playing around, but still! Also, you can bring your own beer. So again, if you're on a crappy date, you can at least drink many beers without it jacking up the price of the meal. 
I'm looking out for you, you OKCupid daters!Unbelievable quality & value!!  While it is a small BYOB place it has a certain charm & exclusivity to it.  I try to go here whenever I come up to Helium for a show.  Love the variety in the menu & the liberal use of salmon in many of the rolls :)Best sushi place in center city! It's a hole in the wall but great fresh food and it's a BYOB!
3 roll special is always delicious and prepared quickly.
The chef Jimmy is very nice and if you catch them at the end of the evening when there are no other people there you can request a surprise roll! The line is usually out the door but I never waited for more than 15-20 minutes. I just with they were open later at night and on Sundays.The place is small and the seating is limited.  The staff is friendly and very personable. They are eager to help with any questions and even might share a funny story with you during the course of your dinner.  Vic and his wife really take good care of you and make you feel at home. The sashimi is very fresh and tender almost buttery and the rolls can be unique in innovation and impressive in taste. I would recommend trying the "Samson Roll", you will not be disappointed.  Also the "Romantic Roll" and the "Tiger Roll" are some of my other personal favorites. The establishment is a BYOB so feel free to bring your beverage of your choice with you. The space is limited but fortunately for me the times, I have never had to wait for a seat.Man, I love this place. It's small, but people get elbow-to-elbow and get along.
The iRoll and the Dragon Roll are two of my favorites. We go with 4 people at lunch and enjoy the whole vibe. We get really fresh sushi and get to be up close and personal with the sushi chefs. To me, this is the top sushi place in Philly.Best sushi is the entire city. Tiny tiny place. All they have is the bar and one table that seats four. But the wait is so worth it. Fresh fish, creative combos and they do takeout. Literally every roll is delicious and you can't chose wrongMy favorite sushi in Philly! Haven't had a roll I didn't like. My favorites are the alaska roll with mango-they will always add/sub anything to rolls or the sansom roll. 3 roll deal is great but all of the specialty rolls are delicious. If dining in get there early/go late since the store is so small. The best bet is to order take-out and eat in rittenhouse.haven't been here in a while, but i love the sushi deals. not only is it reasonably priced, but it's delicious. only problem would be the SMALL SPACE. there is almost never a place to sit, so it's best to order take out.Love this place with all my heart!
Tiny little hole in the wall, family owned operation.  See the same people there making my sushi every time I come in! The old guy is always carving the cucumbers into really these thin long spirals, sometimes the little boy runs around and is ridiculously cute.  It is small, cozy, and intimate  and that is what I love about it.
The sushi itself is fantastic for the price, freshness, flavor,and selection! You can get three rolls (8 pcs) for $10. If that's not a deal I don't know what is.  This includes all the pretty standard rolls: spicy tuna (so good), cali, alaska, salmon, philly, shrimp tempura, tuna, veggie rolls, etc.  Their specialty rolls look incredible as well.
$3 seaweed salads that are huge, edamame, good japanese salads.
Free hot tea!
Good selection of cold bottled teas!
I really couldn't recommend this place enough.
Lauren D. and I always go here when we're cravin sushi! :)I'm a believer that sushi is all about personal preference - I'm a fan of tuna and white tuna - so I think the most I can say about Vic's is that it has a great sushi to price ratio. The fish is most definitely fresh and the craftsmanship of the sushi is something you would expect to be paying double for. 
One item that has been raved about in nearly every review is the tuna dumpling. It's great for the experience of eating a delicious ball of avocado and tuna, but five dollars per dumpling is a bit of a steep cost. 
I'm a fan of hole in the wall places, this isn't a fancy restaurant by a long shot, but it's a great place to sit down, eat some good sushi, and chat with a couple friends.