I've been coming here for years since I was a little girl. I love this place. I have tried several other Vietnamese restaurant but this place is the best. We usually get the clay pot cat fish, spring rolls, grilled beef wrapped in grape leaves, sweet and sour seafood soup, pork chop over broken rice, salt baked chicken and grilled shrimp. I wish they didn't keep raising the prices though.Best crawfish and black bean sauce. The papaya salad is awesome too. Great decor and fast friendly service. Highly recommend.You must order the spring rolls.  They are unparalleled. It has gotten a little pricier over the years, but it has an upscale modern atmosphere.  Also the corn rice pudding is worth a try.their BBQ Platter is a MUST TRY. they keep increasing the price but its definitely worth getting especially as a shared appetizer dish. their pho is small in portion but tasty. Also, their pork chop and broken rice dish is surprisingly good--not oily and fatty but juicy and clean.While the menu isn't overly creative, and there are certainly cheaper options of similar food in the immediate area, this place has a nice intimate atmosphere over which to enjoy a meal and conversation.Best spot in town for quality of food, location, consistency and overall service.
Pho is top notch along with the egg rolls.  I miss this place so much after moving away, that I make it a point to stop by here on long layovers now.
You could argue there's better spots in the "Philly Area" but this is by far the best spot down town, and it's rare to get both good service and good food in the Vietnamese game.The pho was really oily and the portion was small. Also- they only gave 1 type of beef . Usually you will find various types of beef briskets in the soup. The waiters were nice and the restaurant had a nice atmosphereService was good. Food was not. Lacked flavor and  not authentic whatsoever.  We were the only ones in there and as it got busier we noticed not 1 asian person walked in.  It was disappointing.Food very generic. My bowl of noodles was very sad with canned vegetables. Service bad. Our server didn't even apologize for forgetting my drink.This is a favorite restaurant of my husband's as well as some close friends of ours who are on a first name basis with Benny (the owner).  We always enjoy going and ordering all sorts of different things that we can pass around and share.  I love all the variety, and try to have something new every time.  
Enjoy the Vietnamese beer (Okay so that I've tried the same of more than once!), we always share the BBQ Platter and our eyes are always bigger than our stomachs as we share a Pho soup and both still order a main course each!  Makes for good leftovers!  : )
Be prepared to be there for awhile, but that is part of what I really enjoy about it.  It's quality time with friends rather than a rushed meal.  Everything always tastes extremely fresh, and I'd recommend trying it out if you've never been before.My favorite place!!!! Delicious food and great service. I just can't get enough of it!Large, clean Chinatown haunt with food that everyone can enjoy. From picky eaters to adventurous ones; vegetarians to carnivores, Vietnam satisfies every palate. Meateaters shouldn't miss the BBQ platter (which is more than enough to feed 3) and then wash that down with a steaming bowl of pho. 
You've also gotta love their flaming punchbowls filled with liquor to the brim. My vote goes to this Vietnam over the across the street neighbor...especially if you're on a date.fast service, clean, tasty, and authentic. It's always a good experience visiting Vietnam! My favorite joint in Philly!I have all sorts of fond memories of Vietnam. Dining or takeout this place delivers. I love my all time fav broken rice with chicken, but pretty much anything I ever tried here was good. Look it's not authentic vietnamese but if you're like me and want it a bit Americanized this is your place. The cocktails are HARDCORE and served up in all sorts of fun glasses. Price for food and drinks is reasonable too. The ambience is so charming. It's in a converted brownstone with 2 main levels and the restrooms are between floors - very cute. The service was always at least ok but never spectacular - probably the one thing they could work on. I loved this place so much I took my parents here the one time they visited me in Philly during a torrential downpour- and they're from L.A., home of the most eclectic and delicious Asian food (well maybe second to the bay area). 
Vietnam, if I ever get back to Philly, prepare yourself for some of my serious lovin.Good Pho!!! The apps are fantastic (shrimp roll, fried pork spring roll, grilled meatballs)  I suffered from a case of ordering too much food and thinking that I was going to be able eat it!  For entrees I ordered beef and lemon grass which was great had a Thai flare to it, beef noodles great beef flavor and the pork and shrimp wonton pho. Haven't eaten that one yet. Food came out fast and the best part is it didn't kill my wallet. I did get it to take home so the freshness was compromised but I knew that was going to be the case. Parking was tricky !!Pretty good food with a nice quiet atmosphere. Beef Soup to share is fun and yummy! Also ordered the Lime Chicken, which is sort of similar to General Tso's chicken with a hint of lime/tang! Sweet and Sour Shrimp was yummy. The pineapple hunks were clearly canned, but the dish wasn't bad overall. The shrimp were actually super delicious.Went there for lunch. I loved the decor, above the average environment restaurants in Chinatown, it's nice and clean. We ordered the crispy spring roll, it was delicious, a little bit too salty though. Both my friend and I ordered the noodle soup. I'm a big Pho fan, but the pho here didn't meet my expectation, less of flavor. On the other hand, maybe it also means they didn't put MSG in the food, not like other Chinese restaurants. The price is reasonable and the service is friendly. Will go back to try some rice dishes.Not impressed , at all . My ATF place is  across street at Vietnam place, but as this was business lunch .
So the selection isn't same neither is the food . 
I absolutely love charbroiled squid with lemon grass , and I was hoping to have it again as its a Vietnamese dish and I was wrong , what I got was thin slices of squid with no taste . 
The beef wrapped in grape leaf was average , and my spring rolls were over fried and dry . 
I guess bc I've tasted the best , 
 this was less than impressive .
Not bad , but if you have chance go cross the street . 
Try the green tea ice cream (it's to die for ! )I have been pleased with anything I have ordered here. My go to in any Vietnamese restaurant is always the vermicelli noddle bowl. Theirs certainly didn't disappoint. My favorite is the pork and I always tack on a spring roll. I've also tried the chicken basil which was very good. I'd recommend it to anybody looking for decent Vietnamese food or looking to branch out their Asian cuisine obsession.Staff very nice, we split the BBQ platter and a veggie for two---everything was good...sauces were good too.  Next time...I want to do a noodle soup!It had been a few years since my last visit to Vietnam, but it was among my top picks for Christmas Day lunch. And since Sang Kee was packed and taking cash only, it quickly went from #2 to the #1 choice. I'm glad.
We got there at the perfect time, snagged the table for two at the front window, and started to thaw out with tea and hot sake. There were so many enticing options on the menu, we definitely ordered more than we could handle. Not a problem at all; the leftovers made a perfect Boxing Day lunch.
The Tom Lan Bot shrimp (6) were plump, perfectly battered and fried, not heavy at all, just crispy and tasty. The Goi Cuon shrimp &pork rolls (2), not fried, were a nice light counterpoint. 
As for entrees, the Heo Kho To (claypot pork) was among the best I've had, on par with my old favorite Vietnamese sit-down in San Francisco, the one with the line out the door at lunch and dinner times. The sauce and spice hit just the right note of heat. It even edged out my entree, the Ga Rang Muoi Tieu (salt/pepper chicken), for top honors. I enjoyed the chicken -- which also reheated well -- and its spicy kick, but I thought it came with a sauce. Fortunately, it was cooked so well, it was moist and flavorful, and not nearly as dry as its deceiving looks. 
All that said, the biggest surprise was the bok choy side dish. I've often seen bok choy cooked down to withered, limp spinach-like consistency. Not this time. The huge stalks were steamed with garlic and coated with garlic sauce, but retained the snap of celery and a burst of flavor with each bite. We agreed that it was the best bok choy either of us have had.
After finishing off the tea and sake, we dragged our sated selves back out into the cold, leftovers in hand, and savored the full but not heavy or overloaded feeling. It reminded me of my past visits. And it got me thinking about all of the other menu options I still need to explore on future visits.There's a minimum you have to order to eat here. No problem. The food was average. No problem. At least give me freaking hot bowl of pho or a bigger bowl dammit; the broth was bland. The spring roll could use a lot of work. My first impression wasn't great, and I don't intend to come back. Back across the street...(I was nice enough to leave 3 stars --- punk)This place is nice, pretty snug.  I've had my share of pho before and I've never seen anything as skimpy on the size of the dish, that's not to say its bad.  The spring rolls were excellent.  Service was mediocre, its kind of like the factory atmosphere I've seen from other peoples reviews.  I'd give it 4 stars if the soup was bigger and the service friendlier.  I'll definitely be back and hope it's a little better next time.Vermicelli with crispy spring rolls was pretty bland. Noodle soup with wontons was ok. Nothing special.The grilled pork rolls appetizer (no. 4) is insanely good as are the spring rolls.  The grilled pork over vermicelli is downright bewitching.  I stopped myself from licking the bowl.  Not so crazy about the beef satee but that speaks more of my preferences rather the objective "goodness" of this particular dish.  Comfortable place, slightly more upscale than other dining options in the area.  Not expensive, immaculately clean and plenty of food.Being from New York, I'm tired of Vietnamese restaurants that can't make the cut, so I was pleasantly surprised that: one, this restaurant offers authentic dishes, and two, my favorite snack food is on the menu (it rarely makes an appearance in more Americanized restaurants).  Maybe it was wrong of me to have high expectations for this restaurant, but it didn't disappoint -- far from it.
We started with thit nuong cuon.  I've only had this appetizer either in the comfort of my own home or California, and this one reminded exactly of the ones in California, and it was dee-licious, sweetly char-grilled meat wrapped in the most refreshing of vegetables and vermicelli.
Now my favorite: banh cuon.  The best way to describe the dish is a rice noodle ravioli or crepe filled with peppered minced pork and wood ear mushroom.  It is then topped off with cha (pork roll), fried shallots, and spicy fish sauce.  Since it is my favorite, I'm a bit more critical...and it suited my tastebuds wonderfully.  I actually recall being incredibly giddy.
For the main course, the Boyfriend and I split ga chanh, which although drenched in a savory sauce, was crisp and tender and juicy.
I truly enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  The food is indeed authentic and delicious.  The wait staff were all Vietnamese and courteous (which made it fairly easy and less awkward to order since it feels strange to Americanize my Vietnamese more than it already is).  Even the decor resembled a Vietnamese stilt house.I never write reviews but I had to tonight. I love Vietnamese food and wanted to take my visiting family to a fancier place than I would usually go (some joint on Wash Ave). 
Each dish was worse than the previous and the service was insulting terrible. We had to clear the table because they kept piling thing on top of each other without taking away the empties. 
Yuck, don't do it.We have been going to Vietnam Restaurant for at least 9 years and it never disappoints! The food is consistently great. I can't speak for the service lately since we have done exclusively take-out the past few years.
My husband's favorite meal is the house special vermicelli - the portion is huge and there is plenty in it (I think it's pork, spring rolls, Vietnamese meatballs). My absolute favorite is either the house special crispy egg noodle or the crispy egg noodle with tofu. The spring roll appetizer is also delicious!!
Their pho is good too though it is tough if you get take-out since the noodles come in a container and end up stuck together. If you get it I would recommend a giant bowl to mix it all together. But even still it's pretty good! (Note: I am by no means a pho expert, just going by what I think tastes good)
Definitely worth eating here or doing take-out!Went here with the wife and kid. Food was great!  Loved the spingrolls because the used a different kind of wrap than most other Viet places. The service was great too!  Will definitely be back soon and more often....You are screwed if you don't know what you're doing here. The menu is goes like this: noodles with beef, noodles with chicken, rice with shrimp, rice with chicken... you get the idea. 
Fortunately, the menu also says "ask for help ordering!" So I did. The waiter said, "Um, whatchu like?" I said beef, and he pointed to about every beef dish. Uh oh.
So I waited until my date picked something and then I said "Oh that was what I was going to get!" She's too nice so she said okay and picked something else. Now, she's not Asian, but damn she picked right on, as I hoped. I thanked her by adding to this page a picture of her drinking a volcano bowl.
The food is good, a great place to go if you're headed to the Trocadero.
What to order? Start with a volcano bowl, skip the appetizers, and get #45 with a side of hot sauce. It's like a noodle dish with apps on top.
Good food, quick service.Food was super tasty, would definitely say its worth stopping in. Could have been a little better with recommendations though -- took my mom who was pretty unfamiliar with Vietnamese food and the waiter just seemed in a rush and simply wrote the first thing he heard when she was asking about the dishes.Delicious authentic Vietnamese food. I was looking for a place to have a good meal while traveling on business in Philly and came across Vietnam. Basic decor, friendly staff, good service, nice portions and delicious.I've been here, as well as to its across-the-street-rival Vietnam Palace countless times, and to be honest I don't think I could differentiate between the two in a blind taste test. If I had to pick one, this one would win on the basis of atmosphere alone.
I've tried literally dozens of their dishes and I don't think I've ever had a single thing that wasn't tasty. There are a couple dishes, however, which I can always rely on, such as the charbroiled pork and vermacelli (classic) and the salt and pepper shrimp (unreal).
Let me tell me tell you about these shrimp. Actually, forget that, just order them next time you go.When my fiance told me we were going to dinner at Vietnam for a friend's birthday, I actually asked him what kind of food he thought they served. He was like, umm, Vietnamese food. Well, I thought maybe they had some sort of avant garde or ironic name and they were actually a hot dog place or something. You never know!
Anyway, this is my new favorite restaurant. We've been here twice now and it's ruined me for all other food. The beef with broken rice is like a drug. It's actually sort of gross how fast I consume it. The pork clay pot inspires similarly crude behavior. But the food is just so good!
We've also tried the Vietnamese ravioli, chicken with broken rice, and chicken clay pot. None of them disappointed, although none stood out as much as the two mentioned above.
But! For dessert! You can get corn pudding! And it tastes like the actual DEFINITION of 'delicious.' Seriously, you must try it.
Drinks are tasty, fun, and humorously-named. Service has been spotty. But the food! Oh yeah.I thought I wrote a review for this, But This is My Go-to for Vietmanese food,always consistently good &  nice portions!! Been going here for years, even before they remodeled!!The owners have another location on Baltimore pike & catered my friends bridal shower & of course exceptional food !!!  
The pho , the summer rolls, & rice dishes are the BEST. Dont forget grape leave appetizer!!!
Yumm!!!
Return Factor: Totally!!This place is pretty good.  I've been here two times.  First time I got the cubed steak (bo luc lac), a classic viet dish that was actually disappointing wrt my standards.  The second time I got the broken rice with shredded pork, pretty tasty.  I've never been to the one across the street so I can't compare them.  Overall it's a solid vietnamese place.  Maybe next time I'll try canh chua & ca co.I'm only giving 3 stars because service was okay and pho was okay. There was two of us and a child so we ended up ordering three meals and one appetizer. My girlfriend and I shared the volcano drink which was straight up sugar we couldn't even finish it. Horrible. Then I got summer rolls and pho for my app and meal which were okay nothing crazy. My girlfriend got the egg roll vermicelli which was extremely bland. We ordered vegetable fried rice for our child and it tasted like nothing. Absolutely flavorless. 
The reviews on this place are great so I figured the experience with the food would be more than decent. The food literally had no taste.Classic, authentic Vietnamese and Chinese food. A friend and I visited on a Saturday night and walked right in. They do not take reservations, but I doubt you would have to wait long if there ever was a wait. We ordered wine, chicken fried rice, and shrimp lo mein between the two of us and it was plenty. We went home with leftovers and ate them the next day. The food came out quick and the service was decent. Would definitely come back!My favorite Vietnamese restaurant of philly !!!!!! I love the pork vermicelli and the spicy beef pho !!!!! Strongly recommended. It is affordable and the decoration is nice. The service is good and there is not line. You can park outside in the street or in the parking slot next to it for free !!!! Great placeHad the chef special duck soup and pho tai.   Ordered the large and it came out looking like a small when compared to other places.  Head was pounding after.  Too much msg!This one sits at the edge of Chinatown in downtown Philly. It was a winter day and great time for Pho. The place has nice decor and the service was attentive. Food was pretty good but on the high end for pricing. Overall I would come again for their pho.Usually we got to nearby Xe Lua but on a recent trip to Philly Xe Lua was closed so we tried out Vietnam. Aside from being quite a bit pricier than Xe Lua (granted it's a prettier spot) we weren't that impressed with the food. Spring rolls were good but the iced coffee was not great and the beef carpaccio wasn't good at all. Got takeout but service/atmosphere seemed pleasant.I decided to try this place because my regular Pho spot Pho Xe Lua is closed on Wednesdays. 
It is much nicer looking but that's about it. The prices are approximately double, and the "large" bowl of Pho is about the same size as a small bowl at every Pho place I've been to all over the country and didn't even fill me up. 
Pho lovers, don't bother.
Too bad I did not read Stephen B.'s review as he summed up my sentiments exactly.  I guess you were there on a Wednesday too!Yummy food, fast and friendly service, and were very accommodating of our large group. I visited with a group of people while we were attending a convention nearby, and we left happy and full.a great traditional family owned and orientated for two generations restaurant. 
friendly owners and servers, fair price, some dishes are amazing, especially the BBQ sampler! they are featured on travel channels, different magazines, almost everyone loves this place!I came here last night craving a hot soup to soothe my sore throat. 
Pros:
-Pho was delicious 
-fast seating
-fast service 
-fair prices 
-authentic taste
Cons:
-asked for ice cream without peanuts and they put it on anyway. I asked them to take them out because I am allergic and they scooped it out rather than giving me a new one. As a result I just gave it to my friend and he enjoyed itThe steamed bok choi was perfectly done and crispy and the portions were substantial. Lots of menu items to pick from to suit anyone's tastes.
They could benefit from setting up a few cheaper options as the menu was devoid of lunch specials. The main course pricing is on par with any higher-end restaurant in Chinatown. Bar Saigon on the top floor looks like it'd be a nice, quiet happy hour spot with it's lounge-feel.Food was delicious and service was excellent.  We were just one of three tables we had the beef pho, beef with lemon grass and broken rice and shrimp curry.  All three were delicious.  Also had the grape leave rolls and meatballs for an appetizer.  Would definitely go back excellent food and service.It is safe to bet that we would eat Vietnamese at less once a week. Overall, the ambience and decor of the restaurant is nice, particularly compared to typical Asian restaurants in Chinatown. However, the food was too salty, and not good enough to make us come back any time soon.  And let's face it, you don't eat Vietnamese food for decor or ambiance... 
The ambiance. Perhaps an old row home? It's very clean, and has dark wood interior that is inviting. No wait on a Friday night dinner time, but enough patrons dining to have a pleasant noise level. 
The order: 
Bun w chicken. We have had this dish at almost every Vietnamese restaurant we have been to... The bowl was too small to adequately combine the noodles, veggies and chicken so that you can have taste of all different ingredients in one bite.... The chicken also lacked the grill flavor that we have come to expect. There was no herbs or anything special to make this simple dish shine. 
Bo Lu Loc ... The beef cubes were way to salty... and it's not a compliment when I say that I prefer the cubes of beef from chipotle over this. Also, would have preferred water cress or some other vegetable over iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and soggy cucumbers...Best. Cha Gio (pork and shrimp fried spring rolls). Ever.  Also the Che Dau - a must have at the end of your meal.  Love x3 this place.Vietnam is, arguably, my favorite restaurant in the city. 
I came here for my birthday before I moved (it was over this birthday meal that it was officially decided that I would move to Philadelphia) and we have come here every few months since then.
The noodle bowls are great. I prefer the crispy noodle nests with tofu or the vermicelli noodle bowl with tofu. Either way, you can't go wrong. The sauce is mild enough but still flavorful. 
My favorite parts about eating here occur on either end of the main course. The appetizer - crispy veggie spring rolls, SO DELICIOUS. And crispy and the sauce is so good. A little spicy, a little not. And the dessert - the corn or black-eyed pea puddings. The pudding is not your standard pudding. It is warm and milky and sweet. I want to get in that tiny bowl and wiggle around for a while. Maybe take a nap while I'm in there. It is the best. 
Other bonuses: if there's a wait, you can go up to the bar on the third floor and sit and chat, have a drink, and they come to let you know when your table is ready. This is a good date thing. The ambiance is quiet and busy. They give you forks if you're like me and don't want to work while eating and use chopsticks. The food is very, very reasonably priced, as well. 
This place is good for everyone except for babies who only eat McDonalds, soft pretzels, and Chili's.Wow...that pretty much sums it up. 
The service is great, the food comes super fast, and the dishes taste so fresh yet are full of flavor. I've only been here once but I can confidently say this is the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. I ordered the vermicelli pork bowl and it was heaping with meat and fresh vegetables. The fish sauce that comes with the dish is a great addition but if you ask for the peanut sauce it's a real flavor enhancer as well. 
Everything was delicious, but what really blew me away was the crispy pork spring rolls. My god, they will you give you a full throttle foodgasm! They add crunch and texture to the vermicelli bowl, and they might be the best thing on the menu. 
I was completely satiated after dinner, but not too full. I left feeling happy and warm inside.Love vietnam but orderd Pho tonight and the whole house smells like bad chicken.  NOT fresh at all.  Such a bummer because we love eating there.  DO NOT order Pho there.  Otherwise, great food.What a delicious find in Chinatown! Went here with an old friend to catch up over a few drinks.  After perusing the drink menu, we decided to be efficient and ordered the Volcano drink for two.  It was your typical rum-juice drink served in a huge porcelain cup with a small divet in the middle (the volcano) filled with Bacarda 151 that was on fire. It was a great start to a fantastic meal.  While the drink was large, I don't think it was that strong. 
After perusing other Yelp reviews, we decided to order the Vietnamese Ravioli, a combination Vermicelli Dish and the Pork Clay Pot.  The Vietnamese Ravioli certainly gets points for being different, but I can't say that I'd order it again.  It may be better if it was a litter spicier, or maybe the rice-wine-based dipping sauce was spicy.
The Vermicelli dish was excellent.  It came with pork, chicken, a type of ground meat log and a vegetarian spring roll.  All the meats were seasoned exceptionally well.  The ground meat log (sort of like a ground lamb kabob) was a little difficult to eat without a knife, but I persevered.  At the bottom of the bowl was a variety of cucumber and carrot that helped offset the blandness of the noodles.  My friends Pork Clay Pot was very good as well, set in a sweet, spicy sauce.  He finished it all!
Since it was a slow Sunday evening, the service was very quick and attentive. While the food could have been a bit spicier, the presentation and attention to detail made up for it.  I would highly recommend this place to someone who may be unfamiliar with Vietnamese food.  They will definitely want more!Been going to this restaurant when Yelp didn't exist and when it wasn't renovated yet. A favorite go-to Vietnamese cuisine restaurant amongst friends and a karaoke hangout in the 90s. 
Now that I don't live in Philly anymore, now in Cali, I try to come here when I visit family. I always compare the Vietnamese food I try to this place. I consider this place the golden standard for Vietnamese cuisine. 
Highly recommended.My friends were craving for Asian food without too much walk in Philly.  We just found this restaurant via yelp.  The decor for this restaurant is definitely nicer than other Pho restaurants.  However, I was a bit disappointed with the food.  yes its pricey compare with how much I normally paid in LA.  Yes the food does have some MSG feel to it and yes its somewhat greasy but I did get my stomach filled with some food.  We all left happy.  
The taste is kinda blend and unremarkable but I guess for Philly, I have to settle with what they have here.Perhaps Vietnam was too hyped, but I prefer Pho Ha in south Philly.2.5 lunch
Cute interior and charming warm wood. Food came out too quickly---banh xeo could have been fried longer and so could the filling ingredients. More sloppily cut ashen onions spied i than ever I saw some pork or prawns. the only herb given to is was basil. boo. And iceberg leaves?!? really?
Papaya salad bit pedestrian, in my opinion. Did the job. Our chicken lemongrass noodle soup was also 'just alright' getting the theme here?
Cafe sue da was excellent. Big kick, deep roast, strong....but at $3.95/ small cup?!? Again....really?!!!!!!!
Lunch ended up being close to $40 because of the rip-off!!!! drinks. Had I only known and not assumed....There is a reason why Vietnam Restaurant has been on Philadelphia's Top 50 Restaurants for a few years and that is because the food is just killer.  My family and I have been going since 1997 when the restaurant was still a hole in the wall, but as they've changed the interior of the restaurant the food remained the same with it's authentic tastes.  Try the bbq platter, the vermicelli dishes are great as well as the Chicken with basil.  You really can't go wrong with the food here.  I've taken all my close friends to this place and they still continue to go.  The only bad part is trying to find street parking.  Enjoy!I have to say I was pretty disappointed with Vietnam Restaurant. Maybe it was all the anticipation I had of a great meal to be had. The atmosphere is inviting and warm with wood paneled walls (not cheesy or 70s style). The food however left much to be desired for. We probably ordered the wrong things, but something simple such as fresh spring rolls should not be tough and chewy. The pan fried noodles were awful and the basil chicken had little to no flavor (where's the basil). I'm tempted to return and order something else since everyone raves about this restaurant, but there's way too many yummy restaurants in the city to return to one I found mediocre.Crispy spring rolls hits the spot every single time.
This time, I ordered the stewed beef pho, and while it was delicious and I'm thinking of making this my regular go-to dish when I come here, I could have used more soup and a bigger bowl! And I mean bigger bowl literally, not bigger portion-- it was hard mixing everything together. The portion size itself was decent; I didn't finish all the noodles (but I made sure to pick out all the beef cubes, hehe). 
Service was good, at least with the actual people taking our order and bringing it over. For some reason the male servers are always super nice, but the female hostesses are always snobby and act like they have better things to do. When we arrived there, we were seated at the sunniest table in the place. My friend and I had to squint because the 6pm sun was beating down on us through the window. I asked the girl bringing our drinks if we could please close the blinds, and she kind of hesitated and said, "Umm...if it's bothering you THAT much, you could just move tables." Obviously it WAS bothering us that much if we asked if we could lower the blinds!
Towards the end of the meal I was trying to flag someone down for the check. All the girls were standing around, chatting. Finally I was able to flag a (surprise, surprise) male server walking back into the dining area. Does this place hire girls who have beauty but no brains, or more importantly, customer service skills?!
Bottom line: food is great, but don't count on the girls to be polite.I adore fish in claypot with Vietnamese caramel sauce (nuoc mau). The version here is not that good. The sauce was too salty, kind of thin. And it was more expensive than the cheap Vietnamese places I usually go to.So me and the babe are on a new kick of trying all the places I have been talking about for a few years.  We finally made it to Vietnam and it was so worth the wait.  First off, let me say I feel really bad for the place across the street named "Vietnam Palace."  Everyone I have talked to is always like, "Oh yea, Vietnam is awesome...but the one across the street with the "restaurant" title.  They get a bad rap but I am sure the food is just fine at the palace.  Anywho, Vietnam was perfection.  We were seated right away on a Friday night.  We ordered the giant bowl of liquor called the Flaming Volcano.  It was about 6:30 and we got a few glances from the classier people in the joint.  The drink was freaking awesome though and pretty strong (the rest of the night was not one of my finest moments).  
I will say that the veggie spring rolls were the best in the city (if anyone has a different opinion please let me know)  We pretty much inhaled the rolls because they were so crispy and filled with delish veggies.  We also shared two entrees, the spicy, crunchy and beautiful salt and pepper shrimp.  The other entree was a noodle dish with shrimp and chicken which was also fresh and flavorful.  Everyone else in the place was slurping on the Pho which looked divine but it was 85 degrees out and I was not in the mood to sweat like a man.  All in all, the place is fantastic and I cannot wait to go back and try everything.  I might even try the Palace just because I feel bad..  Enjoy!First things first: anyone who thinks the competition across the street even compares to Vietnam Restaurant gets the gas face.
With that said, this place is, to use an already overused/corny/strained sports analogy, the Stockton to my Malone. It has fed me some great meals over the years and is frighteningly consistent considering its longevity. I recommend the chicken basil and anything involving either spring rolls or pork chops. The meats have a fresh, smoky flavor to them, the broken rice is perfectly cooked, the portions are forgiving, and the bok choy is one of the best spice sponges I've come across at any restaurant. I haven't tried the pho yet - that's the only reason why I'm withholding a star for the time being.
To wit: Last time I went here, I noticed a copy of "Myth of the Welfare Queen" that was chilling above the bar as part of the decor. Even if the food here wasn't awesome, that's worth three stars all by itself. As far as reviews go, it's that kind of attention to detail that keeps my praise high and my sarcasm low.Not a ton of vegetarian options, but the soup hit the spot on a cold new year's day.Came here on a bit of lark Friday night after getting out of sorts at Art After 5 at the Museum. We were on our way back across town to Old City and got a hankering for something delicious. Vietnam's glowing neon sign (visible peripherally as you head East on Vine or Race) flickered in my memory and the impulse bit hard. I was insistent that we go and we sat down to a rewarding meal of spring rolls, chow fun and lemon chicken. 
Pros
-Really excellent Vietnamese food. We only sampled 3 items (and missed the much-cited BBQ platter) but were uniformly blown away by the quality and quantity.
-Price - big bang for your bucks.
-Atmosphere - not divey in the least - considering the China Town location this is refreshing.
-Good beers - Singha and a Vietnamese Lager called '33' did the trick in countering the good greasy of the Vietnamese cuisine. 
Cons (Apologies)
-We were in full-on party mode while the place was sporting some serious date-night vibes on Friday. Not a con per se, but a caveat. We were a little loud and silly and may have spoiled the romance for a few people. Though one couple engaged us with the confession that after wrapping up their meal at Vietnam, the perfect Friday concluded with an in-home viewing of 'Fringe' on DVD. Hot!Very nice lunch spot! Prompt service, affordable and tasty food.  (The spring rolls are amazing!)  Will definitely be back, can't wait to try other things on the menu.I lived in Vietnam for about 1.5 years and this place is delicious. I got the pho bo kho (beef stew) and would go back just for that. So good!Enjoyed a really good dinner here on Friday for a friend's birthday. We had a huge group - around 12 people - and the service was great! Many of us had the famous flaming volcano drink, which is tasty, but very sweet. The spring rolls were delicious. Crispy and crunchy, which good filling and a sweet chili sauce to dip them in. I had the house special noodle bowl - with chicken, pork, spring roll, and "meat stick" over vermicelli noodles. It's deceptively big and very filling. All of us had a great, relaxed time eating here.I have been coming to Vietnam for years prior to the renovation.  Growing up on Vietnamese cooking, this was a great place to pop in for me to grab some comfort food. Over the years, although the food is still good, I feel the robust flavors of my childhood have been watered down for the 'western' palate and I've had to request additional condiments to spice my dishes.This is by far one of the pricier Viet eateries around town, which by the Philly restaurant scene is still very cheap.
The staff's friendly, and I always exchange warm conversation since they recognize me through my many visits. The servers tend to dart around the dining room, making service very quick and efficient, but the intimacy next to none. The new reno boasts wall to wall wood has become a nightmare for holding any kind of conversation, either that or people have blurred the octave of indoor vs. outdoor voice.
All in all, a great place for the introduction to the Vietnamese cuisine, but there are a lot of other places around with better flavors!I am not going to lie- my local Vietnamese place in St. Louis, Missouri is the best Vietnamese that I have ever had in my life.  Granted, I love the noodle soups with veggies and tofu, which is really hard to screw up, but there is just something about my hometown joint that just can't be beat!! Vietnam was definitely a good place though- don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my noodle soups with raw tofu, veggies, and a delicious lemongrass martini...  The restaurant was small and in the middle of china town- Philly.  A little sketchy area filled with the smells of every Asian restaurant mashed together, a familiar smell, but not necessarily one that would make your mouth water.  The service was good and the food was pretty good too- We ordered a few cocktails and a spring roll to start... The spring rolls were really yummy and the dipping sauce was nice and lite. Definitely a good start to a great evening.
I had the tofu noodle soup bowl, which was alright...not impressed, but the tofu was steamed well.  I think that is a plus!! The veggies were loaded into my soup, but there definitely could have been more.  My boyfriend got a noodle bowl and it looked great, they loaded up meatballs ontop and lots of noodles on the bottom. He said it was yummy- he couldn't even finish half of it! Everyone else in my party loved their food and thought it was refreshing not to walk out of the restaurant feeling like we had to roll ourselves to the car.  Thumbs up Vietnam- even though my local hometown spot is a tab better:)Just dined for the Chinese New Year & still a Best of Philly  - Delish!  excellent yellow curry, generous portions and great service.  Previous review remains the same.  Add this to your chinatown must dine list.OK so I visit my brother in Philly maybe max 3 weekends a year, and we ALWAYS go to this restaurant.  we ALWAYS get the same dishes...the bun (rice noodles )with either the mixed meats (for the boys) or grilled chicken (for me).  SOOOO TASTY.  I've eaten this dish countless places, in more authentic restaurants, across Vietnam, orange county in california (the mecca of vietnamese food), at home.  And this by far takes the top spot (sorry mom!).
A little pricey for what you actually get but the place looks so much nicer and cleaner than your average vietnamese restaurant.  The service is good.  Order extra carrot/radish pickles!!This place was so ridiculously good, we ended up there 2 nights in a row!
Must order:
~ Summer rolls: really fresh julienned veggies and shrimp rolled up in a soft rice roll, dip in peanut sauce and DONE!
~ Grilled pork chop broken rice: Love the marinade they have on the chops!  It's sweet and sour all at the same time.  The broken rice is soo addictive, not as heavy as traditional asian sticky rice or even jasmine rice...the plate looks intimidating because it's a huge amount of rice but it's deceiving, you really do want that much rice on a plate for this one.
~ Grilled beef over vermicelli noodles: I think it's the same marinade as the pork above but this is served over very thin rice noodles.  You add teh fish sauce dressing to the entire thing and toss.  It's heaven in a bowl.  Dish comes lukewarm/room temp because that's how it's supposed to be eaten.
~ Crispy spring rolls: Fried made to order, light and piping hot when it get to your table.  Wrapped in some of the red leaf lettuse that it comes bedded on and it's a real treat.
And the service was attentive but not obtrusive!I had pho here last week for lunch and I was not happy with the outcome.  The broth was not very flavorful, and the pieces of pork in it were too old and had an off-taste. The soup was not served hot enough to properly cook the bean sprouts.  I will not get pho here again.  
Cost was around $8.One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. The spring rolls are one of the best I had compared to other Vietnamese restaurants I been to. The service is friendly and the setting is nice. The prices are affordable.  They take reservations for large parties.The food is nice. The starters are better than the main courses, and can fill you up. My personal favorite is the meat balls with the rice paper. 
The service is good. They will let you sit only once the entire group is present.The best thing we three did at Vietnam Restaurant was take the advice of yelpers and order the BBQ platter! When it arrived we were overwhelmed by the bounty: crispy spring rolls, beef stuffed grape leaves, chargrilled chicken, grilled meatballs, rice vermicelli, lettuce and rice paper (to wrap it all up in!) They say it serves two - if you plan on ordering other main dishes, it can easily serve four.
For dinner I ordered the chicken pho (my litmus test for Vietnamese food) and the broth (my favorite part) was a bit like bland dishwater. I also wish it had been served in a larger bowl; delivered as it was the soup was sloshing over the side.
Still, I'd return for the BBQ platter any day of the week!Hands down Philly's best Vietnamese restaurant with decor.  This place reminds me of Saigon Grill in NYC and the prices are very reasonable.  Service is prompt and not so friendly at times.
They can be a little nicer to folks with kids and more accommodating overall.  This place is not good for large groups and it can get packed so plan on waiting in their large waiting area (in comparison to the size of the restaurant).
As for the food.... WOW! The mixed appetizer platter are fantastic and the meatball roll is right on the money.  Grilled pork chops, Bun w/ grilled meat, and Pho are all right on the money.  The pork chops will melt in your mouth with a crisp slightly charred exterior and the nuc Chom? sauce smothered all over hits all the Vietnamese taste buds of sweet, sour, spicy, savory, and all delicious.  
I always manage to get parking right in front of the restaurant which makes me love it that much more.The only reason people like this place is because it's Americanized and blanded down to the point where you can barely recognize the actual Viet flavors. Sure, they have shiny decor and a hip drinks menu--but the food falls flat, as does the service.
Go here if you want to feel like you're being "adventurous" while avoiding any actual gastronomic enlightenment. To be fair, I even tried this place twice: once when it first opened, and again a couple months ago when a friend was determined to convince me that it was now the best Vietnamese in Philly. It's not. Go across the street to Vietnam Palace for that.