I like pizza joints that after you eat at them, you don't feel like you gain 5 pounds.  If you like greasy heavy 1 pound a slice pizza, then this place is not for you. However, if you like light, thin, perfect balance of crust, cheese and tomato sauce......this is your place. 
This is the ONLY pizza spot in Philadelphia I will actually eat at and I'm a food snob.This is probably the best pizza in NE Philly, and I'm glad we came here for dinner. 
We took the whole family out for pizza and I'm happy the wife chose Vince's. There were alot of people here, but a server took our order fairly quick, and the pizzas came to our table in what seemed like only a few minutes. 
The pizza? Good stuff! Impressed with how good the crust was, and they put plenty of toppings on the pies. We also got a pitcher of soda, as the waitress told us this would be less expensive overall (how nice is that)?
Very clean, friendly, good pizza... all this to feed my family for less than $50! We'll be back here soon.
PS - they only take cash here, no credit cards.It is what it is with Vince's.  This relic of Philadelphia tastebuds has been entertaining palettes since before I was born.  It's a must have when I visit my hometown and it never disappoints.  We ordered take-Out, but if you do decide to dine-in know what you are in for.  This isn't a fancy joint, it's just tables, chairs, and pizza.  The only time you pick your head up from the table is when the birds score.
The regular pizza is great, but if you want to try something a little different, order a white pizza with broccoli and fresh garlic - easy on the cheese.Great thin crust pizza made Philly style. Rich tomato sauce and fresh toppings garnish sharp cheese. The new restaurant is much larger than the old one, but the place still gets very full very fast and often times people show up, look at how packed it is, and leave. The service is great and the workers are friendly, and even gave us a free pizza since ours got "caught in the oven" and part of the crust was slightly burnt. You feel like family at Vince's! Endless pitchers of Cherry Pepsi too.The best pizza not only in Philly but New York and Chicago. You can't get pizza like this anywhere and believe me I've tried them all.I have heard great things about this place and really wanted to like it, but I can't get over the fact that there were canned mushrooms on my pizza.  Even Pizza Hut uses fresh cut veggies!  I was told it was a 45 minute wait for pick-up on a Friday night, which I thought was reasonable, but then I thought was a little strange when it wasn't totally packed when I came to pick up.  The crust was good and the sauce was good, but I didn't find it outstanding, and I can't get over those canned mushrooms.Oh Vince's how I long for you.  I can not find your equal and it is painful. Sauce, cheese, crispy crust - pizza perfection.Vince's Pizza is 2nd only to the original Charlie's Pizzeria-same family, I believe.
I live closer to Vince's now and anytime I want a great pizza, I order from Vince's and pick it up.  
The smell of Vince's pizza is hands down the best car air freshener everrr!!  It's all I can do not to pull over and dig in on the side of the road!  
They don't deliver and only accept cash.  They get very busy-so if you're calling ahead for a pickup order- be patient.  Their phone rings off the hook! 
Extra cheese and pepperoni!  Go get some!How could you be closed on mother's day, it's the biggest day for going out to eat, even if it's for pizza...not just any pizza, great pizza...I dont get it????oh well I guess we will have to wait till Friday nightMakes my mouth water just thinking about it.  They open at 4 though...that sucks.Hands down one of my favorite pizza places. Thin crust, hand tossed, much more like an upside down pizza, with a little more sauce then cheese. I would eat it cold or for breakfast any day. Every time I eat here (I've been a customer for 7+ years) I get the same thing, but I am dying to try the strombolis and other items. They're not open for lunch (what a bummer), and they only offer pickup and dining in services. When they moved locations I was alarmed but they remained in the neighborhood and continued producing great food under the same ownership. You need to try this place out!I am a little disappointed with this style of pizza due to the crunchier and thinner crust. I prefer a softer thinner crust that one can fold in half.  The ingredients and cheese taste delicious and I enjoyed a cheese and one with steak shavings. However, living away from Philly for a long time and having to endure similar crusts where I live, I would pass if you are looking for a basic Philly style pizza.
So, I personally struggle wanting to give this joint  4 stars but can't due to my personal taste in crusts.  I think it's safe to assume that people who live in the area would enjoy this style as they have various offerings at anytime and perhaps this variety could provide you a 4 star experience. I'm just not a fan.This is our place every Friday.  Vince's has the best pizza in Northeast Philly.  They open at 4 p.m so you have to keep calling because the line is always busy.  I would recommend the large white pizza with broccoli, spinach and chunks of tomato.  It is heavenly.  You may have to wait 45 minutes on the weekends if you walk in, so make sure you call ahead to order your pie.  John knows me by now and always has my pie ready.  They always support our charities to by donating to the Cystic Fibrosis Fundraisers we have every year.  Remember to bring cash because they don't take credit cards.   See you there!We love the pizza.  For the six ovens that they haveit does take a little long.  The waitress staff....need training.  Takes forever to be waited on and forget it after you receive your pizza never again except for the check. It's been every time we have been there.  The high chairs are either dirty and or broken.  We scrubbed it with wipes last time and when the waitress was also to clean it is time....the stuff was crusted on the chair.  
Yes we like the pizza....  Maybe just for take out.This is my favorite pizza by far. Sauce to-cheese-ratio is perfect, and the fact that the cheese is sliced rather than shredded means that the cheesy goodness is even throughout. The sauce is sweet, which I appreciate more than others might. Wait on a Friday may be a little while, but definitely worth it. Family owned and operated for years. I cannot recommend Vince's enough.Vince's pizza came to our attention by friends who loved it and believed it would be allergy safe for my family. I researched the restaurant on yelp and saw the many great reviews. I called the restaurant to confirm that they had no nuts, eggs, or shellfish ingredients in the menu. They confirmed this for me.
The next step was making the trip from Jersey to this NE Philly pizza place. Let me begin by saying the staff was EXTREMELY understanding of my allergy concerns and were willing to wash their hands and take special precautions including using a newly cleaned pizza cutter for my kids' pizza. Chris was amazing in prepping safe pizza pies, Val our server was so kind, understanding, and friendly in her service. And Becky and Kevin in the back were great in keeping us safe too! 
Now the food - the Stromboli and pizza were great!! High quality cheese that was not greasy, delicious homemade pizza sauce, and thin crispy crusts on the pizza! Yummmm. Worth the 35 minute drive - it's GREAT that this restaurant does just a couple of menu items and they do them great!! The stomboli is HUGE and may be shared by 2 to 3 people! Get to this place and enjoy!!! I imagine it gets very busy on weekends as it was pretty hopping on a Monday night! Take out was busy too.Meh...great pizza for the northeast of Philadelphia. Light years away from the best however.Great pizza but many restrictions,  no delivery,  does not open till 4pm, very limited menu,  and no meatball pizza,  r u kidding me???  Very strange,   I'll give it 3 stars for the great pizza,  would b more w/ out so many restrictions.Great pizza spot, one of the best in Philly, thin crust and sweet sauce - not the most convenient, but they know their pizza and that's all you can ask.ordered here for the first time after living in the NE my whole life and it was delicious! i wasn't exactly pleased with the service of the woman who took my order and although the pizza is a bit on the pricer side, it's def worth it! i would def recommend and order from here agin!tasty pizza (crust could be chewier)  
but the service at take out can be very cold & rude. 
Also calling to place a order can be a chore. They just don't feel like picking up their phones for some reason.I've been to New York, Chicago, 6 cities in Italy - pretty much everywhere known for its pizza - and Vince's is still my favorite in the world. It's just perfect. The sauce is nice and sweet, the crust is perfectly crunchy, and the fact that the cheese goes under the sauce just makes the pizza. Been eating here for 20 years and will probably eat here for the rest of my life.All jokes aside this is the best pizza you will ever eat, without question. Vince's is legit.Order in advance as it gets packed!  Don't add any of the crap on the table like bad parm 
Or garlic salt or peppers. This is a delicate great crust cracker thin and worth. The joke to NE Philly!!
You pass 42 wawas and 40 dunkin donuts on the way!This pizza is amazing.  Instead of shredded cheese, they use big slabs of mozzarella, and a unique sauce, the likes of which i haven't tasted anywhere else, both over a crisp and perfectly baked crust.
Really unique and a place you must visit.This is the best pizza in the Northeast. Maybe even best in Philly. 
Vince's is a very basic operation, they make pizza and they do it well. Its not the nicest place in town and won't win any decor awards but if your hungry for pizza then this is the place. All the Pie's are good including the plain.
 You may have to wait a while for a table, then wait awhile for your pie but the pizza is definitely worth the wait.
This place sells lots of pizza, they are packed on a Friday night for dine in and the line for pickup is usually out the door. 
Don't forget to bring CASH as they do not accept credit.for me, there are really only two knocks on this place. The hours (don't open until 4PM) and the fact that they are cash only. However, looking past those issues, the experience was great. I walked in to place an order for take out. The staff was very friendly, and checked up on me and kept me updated on my order (they were very busy at the time). The pizza came out of the oven, was put into the box, cut and given to me very quickly. That was appreciated, as I hate when pizza sits in the open air too long. 
when I got home, I could immediately tell I was in for something special. The crust was thin, crispy and the pizza had a nice sauce to cheese ratio. I ordered a half pepperoni and half sausage and the toppings were plentiful but not overdone. The pepperoni, in particular, was fantastic. The sauce has a mild sweetness, but it was not overpowering. It was really a very fantastic pizza and a nice change of pace to the standard take out pizza that popularizes the northeast Philly area.
One thing I will make special mention of is this. While waiting for my pizza order, four customers came in. the people running the establishment knew them by name, and even knew what they would be ordering. This is a sign of a place that has a lot of repeat business. also, when the people dining in were paying, the first thing asked was if they enjoyed their meal. 
Will definitely be back.The pizza is ok, for me not enough cheese. The service is terrible, the waitress took a long time to ask about our drinks and when she finally did she came out with the smallest cups. Never once did she come back to ask how everything was and would we like anything else. This is the second time we went to the new location, where the service was lacking. The first time I chalked it up to them being busy, but after happening a second time, when the restaurant wsn't so busy that's just the way it is. For what it is, we won't be visiting again.Their pizza is 5 star BUT the experience can be hectic. 1st good luck trying to get through to phone in an order. Busy signal followed by "Vinces hour wait" ,then much of the staff is NOT super-friendly. So combine the wait w/ the mob scene when you go in , unorganized pickup system + cash only and what you get is 3 stars. (Instead of 5) But you should give it a shot (Pizza is that good) .. .but try a random Wed night.Only place I ever called that openly announces when you call they have an 1 1/2 wait and is comfortable with it.   
You would have thought when they got the new location they would have increased their capacity but i guess that requires planning of which they did not. 
Then you arrive your pizza isn't even piping hot.   Outside crust is hard as concrete inside crust is under done.   
Even with all that this place still serves much better than average pizza for this area but I like Gearo's better
Cash only.That is some delicious pizza! I have been looking for pizza like this in Northeast and i finally found it. We had a white pizza with sausage, mushrooms and garlic and it was just perfect, they bring it out piping hot. The crust is perfect, everything was just very tasty. The staff is also very friendly. I highly recommend this place, will go back for sure.Really great quality pizza. By far the best in the northeast. This pizza can compete with any of the best pizza places in the cityHands down, best pizza in the area and honestly I've ever had. Eat in or pick up only and cash only. 
Simple but the sauce is outstanding and the consistency (no need to "fold") is great. I go here almost once a month. Wouldn't dare switching.I came in pretty late on a Friday night on the way from one bar and to the next. I wasn't really familiar with Vince's at the time, but my friends in the Northeast pretty much swear by it and I was in no state to turn down what was touted as a great pie.
The place was a bit crowded, but honestly I don't want to eat at the pizza place who's not doing a little business on Saturday night. We ordered before too long and the pizza (pepperoni, onions, green peppers) came out within 20 minutes. 
We probably would have done a little better on time if we had ordered in advance, but that's far from their fault and as I mentioned, we were otherwise engaged at the time.
Of course, the speed of the service doesn't matter without good food, and Vince's delivers. There is plenty of pepperoni and they are definitely not shy about the other toppings either. The sauce isn't bland and tasteless like some other local joints I could mention and they DO NOT UNDER-CHEESE THEIR PIZZA, which I loathe and was a relief not to see here. The crust is crisp in a way you don't normally encounter in Philly, but it's their unique signature and it obviously keeps people coming back for a reason. Pizza is one of my favorite dishes, and so many places insist on screwing it up...Vince's is not one of them.
As far as details, it's cash-only, so hit the ATM before you go. The guy at the counter was as cool as possible about the wait given the packed house, and overall there's just nothing to complain about. Factor in a tasty pizza at a pretty decent price (around $15 all told) and you've got a place I'll definitely give a visit next time I cross Frankford Ave. Thanks again, Vince's.I've been going to Vince's for years and grew up going to Chalie's....To me, Vince's is very good, but it's definitely a different style of pie and can see how people don't like it....But dude, it's 2012 and still "cash only". How much business is lost because they don't accept credit cards?I crave this pizza like a junkie craves crack cocaine! No really I'm a big fatso and this stuff is worth the early grave visit. If you have any sense you will at least try this Pizza!
Sauce 5 out of 5
Crust 5 1/2 out of 5
Cheese 4.5 out of 5Vince's Pizza is one of my all time favorite pizza  places. The only bad part about Vince's is that it doesn't deliver which is really inconvenient because I have to pack the kids up and bring them along with me.  It does have seating but there is nothing to keep the kids occupied like a television. Pizza is great though!The pizza is soooo good all the time and the
Staff are very friendly 
I recommend this place to everyoneGot a small 1/2 Spinach-garlic(white),1/2 plain(red) --$12.69
The sauce and cheese toppings were flavorful. Especially the fresh spinach-garlic. The crust however was just meh. Thin and crisp w/o much flavor. Cracker-like, not chewy.
Not wowed like I expectedWe live in Northeast Philly, right down the street actually from Vince's. I kept saying id like to try it since a classmates claimed it was the best pizza in Philly. I ordered a "small" white pie with broccoli and I can say, it's pretty damn good lol. This small pizza was the size of a normal large,thin crusted with that authentic stone oven baked taste. I'm looking forward to the next time we order from here, good job Vince'sDelicious! Nice crispy thin crust, perfect amount of sauce and cheese. Appropriately priced for excellent pizza. Definitely recommend.Easily the best pizza in all of Philadelphia. You will never find any that can compare. 
The hours aren't the best: They typically only open for dinner time and close before a late rush, even on weekends. They only take cash. There's no delivery.
But that's all fine! Because you have to believe that Vince's is doing all of those things so they can remain focused on simply making the best pizza possible. If they start to expand with delivery, or open too long, I doubt they would even be able to keep up with the demand. It's all worth it in my opinion.
Give it a try. You will not be sorry. You'll only be sorry you waited so long to try them.I enjoy the pizza but could they do their customers a favor and get a second phone line? I have a better chance of getting through to the local radio station for concert tickets than I do ordering a freakin pizza.  There are plenty of places I can spend my money if they are too busy.Best pizza in the northeast, Love the cheese on the table.... The plain is amazing and the cheese steak pizza is unreal. The pizza is always served hot and the sauce awesome... I cant say enough good things about vinces... this is only make me want to eat it right now......
My favorite Pizza outside Delorenzo's in trenton... its up there with them and its that goodBest pizza ever. My Nana used to take me every Friday to their shop in Richboro (which has since closed down) so now I drive over a half hour to taste this deliciousness. Definitely a treat!Great pizza and good prices. The crust was awesome and the house made sauce it to die for. If you like Charlie's pizza you'll love Vince's. Best pizza me and my wife have found in the northeast by far would defiantly order there againJust moved to the area, decided to check out Vince's after being recommended. The pizza was perfect. I really can't say much more than that. The crust was cooked to perfection. Not too crispy but not flimsy. There was virtually no grease in the pizza box after it was gone. 
I got half pepperoni half plain. The pepperoni was perfectly placed throughout the cheese. It also had fresh garlic on it which really made this pizza perfect. 
The service was also great. The guys behind the counter were polite and even though it was packed in the restaurant (which I'm assuming it always is after having this pizza) the pizza was ready in under 20 minutes. Also priced good. 
If your going to go bring cash, as they don't accept any other payment. Also they only sell pizza and Stromboli. No other crap like all the other "pizza" restaurants. Just this fact signifies they gotta have a good pie! I can't wait to go back. 
All in all, I've had a lot of pizza and this is top 2 in my book.Very good.
The way pizza was meant to be...
great thin crust, great sauce.
one thing I would do is order extra cheese next time.  they use delicious high quality mozzarella, but there wasnt enough of it for me.  I looooove cheese, especially cheese of this quality and would just like some more of it.5 stars!!! People there treat u like family.
Yeah, the wait can be long because so many people go there but that's because it's worth the wait!!!!!
BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY HANDS DOWNI personally LOVE this place for their white pie, with spinach, tomatoes and garlic It is in a class by itself...even if you aren't a fan of veggie pies, this is just different. 
Tons of garlic, and a crispy thin crust, even better the next day if you are lucky enough to have leftovers  :)
Saying this, Im not a huge pizza fan, but when I crave a pie it's Vinces for me.  Their plain pie to me is just that plain....but all in all good!!!   
My 4 star rating is on taste, service and cleanliness is not their forte'I'm going to make this real simple I went to Vince's and the waitress saw my cup was empty for soda after she gave me the bill I asked her for some more soda she said I would have to pay for a refill I told her no problem so I was just at Charlie's Pizza the other day and I believe these people somehow or another related or was related but Charlie's Pizza gives you free refills I was just there the day before yesterday anyway when I paid for the pizza I put the dollar something in my pocket the waitress actually came outside and asked for her tip I couldn't believe it it was really really tacky she said was something wrong with her service I said no so she goes where is my tip I said when you charge me for the soda so I said I'm not going to tip her so she got mad and I explained the Charlie's Pizza gives free refills and she said well they charge 250 for a soda well I wouldn't mind paying 2:50 for soda all I know is if this lady will hurt his business and I'm sorry that Vince got a one-star from me because of the service the pizza is wonderful but get rid of the lady call out your number and go pick up your pizza get a cup you guys can get your own soda we don't need her no more or retrain her anyway I feel sorry for her because I don't know what my $5 would have done for her more or less in her life I just can't believe that she came out and Hunt us down like we didn't pay our billThey have the best pizza that I know of in the Northeast. Well, that is besides the ones I make here at home. One thing that I don't hear people say about them is how good their Stromboli's taste. Great dough and a great tasting tomato sauce. The sauce is a little on the sweet side. Which I don't think is all basil, perhaps a little sugar but I don't know. I don't have the family recipe.
A great place for a pizza eat in or take out. One draw back the wait for a pizza on Friday or Saturday night can be very long. Call well ahead.Every slice, every bite was heaven. When I pass, I need this pie served at my wake.
I ordered a large pizza with sausage and mushrooms and a large stromboli. They were both amazing. The pie had a nice burnt on the crust, and the dough was grade A. The menu was limited and there werent lots of options for toppings. Still, well worth the drive.I wanted to love this pizza, I really did. Everyone I've talked to who had Vince's pizza (before it moved into the new Grant Plaza) raved about it. But unfortunately, between the wait, the price, and the fact that by the time we got it home (5 minutes away) it was cold and like cardboard, I can't give a great rating. To be fair, we only ordered from them the one time. Maybe it was an off night, maybe it was a fluke, but it wasn't enough to get us to go back a second time.Well worth the long drive from Spruce Hill to Northeast Philadelphia. Ordered a large extra cheese. Excellent dough with just enough char on the bottom yet it still remains flexible. Quality tasting cheeses and a very unique sauce that was almost like blotches of crushed tomatoes. Some of best pizza I have had in Philly and and definitely one of the best pies I have had in a long time. The only issue was the distance Vince's is from my house.Definitely the best pizza in the city the only downside is that they don't deliver, but the drive is well worth it. Always get well done if you like a crispy crust.Vince's does pizza right. I go far out of my way to go here.
Nothing fancy, but the pizza is amazing. Kind of reminds me of shore pizza.
Amazing crust.Love Vince's the only reason it isn't 5 stars for me personally is because the pizza is always room temp to warm after a 3 minute car ride.  And they have strange hours. Other than that...its delish!The pizza is so good here it must be made out of rainbows and unicorns.  It reminds me of Charlie's pizza off the boulevard...probably same or similar recipe.  Don't get funny with toppings, the plain is simply the best.
You have to show up and place your order at 4:00 PM if you do not want to wait a long time.  BRING CASH!  They do not accept credit cards.  
Definite must go...Crisp crust, tasty sauce, good cheese. Service is less than stellar though.Vince's is definitely the best pizza in NE Philly.  Thin and crispy, great sauce, light on the cheese.  While the pizza is delicious, DO NOT MISS the white spinach stromboli. Best stromboli I've ever had - I get it every time.
They lose a star for taking the phone off the hook when they get too busy.  Service is always ok...nothing great.  Cash only.Been a steady customer for years. Never had a problem. The staff were friendly and the food is always delicious. Just pizza, just the best!I would have rated this higher but there are such few toppings to choose from! No onions, no bell peppers, no olives, etc. Very limited toppings. I did like the thin crispy crust and tangy pizza sauce that was not sweet. Another negative is that they only accept cash for payment.I've been hearing about Vince's for years! People always compared it to Charlie's which I enjoyed very much. The sauce tasted very fresh and the dough was nice and light. All in all, a great pizza! Would definitely go back!I'd wax poetic on the deliciousosity of their pizza, but just thinking about it makes my mouth water as I contemplate moving back to the N'East to be close to this place.  Seriously, a place that only sells pizza?  They're bringing it to the table!I love Vince's...  I've been going to Vince's for as long as I can remember...  Red pie with steak is my favorite...  I don't know if it's the dough, the sauce, the steak, or the crew that works there, but it's all the best!!!Picked up 2 pies last week...was great! My only issue was I had to wait 45 minutes for them, but it was Friday night at 6:45 pm and the place was packed.Making quality pizza seems to be becoming a lost art. No offense to the Greeks but leave the pizza making to the Italians. 
This place is the best around with the exception of Taconellis. Thin crust, sweet and tang sauce and whole mozzarella. Delicious! Only problem is they don't always pick up the phone??I'd say 3.5 stars but no option here. This cash-only spot serves pizza or Stromboli. That's it. Pizza was tasty. Very good for Northeast Philly. I learned this is the same family who owned Charlie's down on Roosevelt Boulevard before they broke off to start this. Service was a little slow. Charging for soda refills is BS.   New location is nicely done.Best pizza in the Northeast. Best in Philly.  Maybe the best I ever had in the world (and I lived in Italy for a while).
Vince's former carnation was Charlie's Pizza on the Roosevelt Boulevard near Sears.  I remember going with my Mom for Take-out back in 1963.  I think Vince the owner moved his operation to the Grant Avenue location in the 1980s.  It is essentially unchanged over 50 years:  Pizza only, no credit cards, and always crowded.  Decor is very basic.  But they have a lot of Three Stooges pictures hanging up and that's good enough for me.  All pizzas are very reasonably priced.
Vince's pizza is like no other.  A very thin and crispy crust that is rigid enough to hold a bank safe without flopping [I can see how the schmendrake from Chicago would not like this type pizza unless the crust was thicker than a pillow].  Vince's also has a generous amount of high-quality sauce.  But it's the cheese that makes this the king.  They use whole chunks of whole milk mozzarella.  It's texture and taste is like no other (Surprisingly, there was a pizza joint in Cocoa Beach, Floride (A NY PizzaPlace) that was quite close, but their crust was not the best).  
Vince's pizza really doesn't need any toppings as it is so good on it's own.  We occasionally get garlic on it.
As I always like to say: When God wants a pizza, hegoes to Vince's.Love the pizza. Hate the service. Rude. Terrible service. Went for years--done with it now...have been treated rudely once too often. Funny thing is that all of these years despite the terrible service always left a nice tip...now I really regret that.First I will say the pizza is really good. But the customer service is so bad that Iwill never ever ever come here ever again in my life. Permanently boycotted.
 Once I went here with my family and there were only two tables seated. We watied 45 minutes and then I went up to the counter and asked how long our pizza was going to be as I noticed a pizza sitting on top of the oven. This pizza was ther efor a good 15 minutes before I went up to ask where ours was. I sat down and said to my folks that Ibet they forgto to bring out our pie and thats it on top of the oven. Then they proceeded to try to serve us the pizza that was sitting on top of the oven for probably close to 20 minutes. it was burnt to a crisp on one side of it, dry as a bone from being warmed for so long! They did bring it to our table and tried to act as if there was nothing wrong. I told the waitress who was extremely rude that you just took that pizza off the top of the oven and it has been there for 20 minutes. She looke me square in the eye and said no it isnt. The owner was there and didnt do anything about it. There was around 6 staff looking at us as she brought the pizza over. No offer of a new pie! Nothing. This place is on the permanent boycott list.A friend of mine got me a Vinces pizza after I told him I was jonesing for Charlies, but didn't feel like getting shot at to get a pizza. (I grew up not far from there & we used to get Charlies all the time......you couldn't pay me to go into that warzone now!!) This pizza sucked. One of the worst pies I've ever had. Too sweet & not enough cheese, & crust was hard as a rock. You couldn't pay me to eat this garbage pie ever again.The pizza's are good thats not what I'm warning you, the next customer, about! If you plan on eating be wary of the delay. The same waitress (which should be replaced) has worked there as long as I have been going, 16 years! When I eat in I always have to ask for the correct number of paper plates, forks, knives and napkins. Its really not that hard to count out the correct number. I have to watch her stand just staring into space instead of coming over to my waving hand in the air. If you need a refill on your soda hold off from drinking any of it till the pizza comes cause once the pizza comes thats the only time you can get a refill and then you don't see the waitress again. Take out forget it, its like calling into a radio station, you have to keep calling back hoping that you can get threw. Well they are letting you think they are busy. I have personally witnessed them on numerous times pick the phone up answer that call and never hang it up for atleast five minutes. You can see all this because you can see them making the pizzas. It's not like they are in a back room making the pizzas.As I said good pizza, gives me heart burn personally but staff and management need to remember they need us the customers.I'll have to say I too don't get it, went here because of the good reviews and it was pretty disappointing.  I too would order extra cheese if I went again for sure.  My problem however, was the metallic tasting sauce that made the pizza very reminiscent of the pizza I used to get at The Palace skating rink as a kid.
Service was friendly and quick and the place was very clean and had a couple big parties on a Wednesday night so i don't think I'll hurt their business any but, I will definitely not be returning.One of the worst pizza's I have ever had. Sauce had a heavy garlic metallic flavor. Toppings where cold.Great pizza place. Very fresh thin crust pizza. Seems like a local favorite. The place was buzzing with carry out and dine in customers. We were staying at a hotel near by and stopped in for dinner.  FYI, they only sell pizza and sodas. I wanted a salad with my pizza, but I got over it because the pizza was so good.The northeast is flooded with pizza joints but only one can get away with answering the phone with this line " thank you for calling vinces pizza the wait is 1 hour how can I help you"?  
Yes the pizza is that good and yes they only accept cash and guess what the wait and the intermediate trip to wawa for cash is worth it because you will not get a better pizza in Philly.  Yes its better than that spot in Kensington that make you order your dough in advance and also only accept cash
I've been in the restaurant several times and have never come in contact with any rude employees. Yes they are busy and probably tired so if you walk in and start giving them an attitude because your food isn't ready then expect an attitude in return..
Now for the pizza
To the untrained eye this pizza may appear greasy.  The grease you are used to seeing at that cheap pizza joint is from cheap cheese but the oil you see on vinces pizza is actually olive oil.   
You can't go wrong with Vince's pizza.  I've been eating it for at least 25 years...and hopefully I'll be eating it for30 more.You can't get better pizza in the northeast. The menu is limited to pizza and Stromboli but the pizza is piping hot a very delicious. I crave this pizza at least once a week.I wish I could comment on the pizza here but never got to try it. Arrived at 9:30, mind you the hours are 4-10 and was told they were closed because they ran out of dough. How do you run out a whole half hour before closing??? Completely unacceptable. I could see if it was 10 minutes before closing. They need to change their stated hours. I just don't understand how you're only open for 6 hours and can't maintain the product you're selling during that short time frame. Went to Aldo's, they're open til 11 and never had a bad pizza there. This place needs to get their stuff together. Very poorly run establishment.