Service was very laid back.  The wine was expensive but tasteful. It s fun getting flights. The sandwich I ordered had obviously been made earlier in the day or ??  The bread was very hard on one side.  When I said something to the server he just sort of said, " oh".  Not very nice esp. for the price they ask in this airport. 
I suggest go to Chickie and Pete s.Poor customer service ruined the ambiance. I've been to a few of these chains and honestly wasn't expecting fast food style service at a Vino Volo. Would have been better off buying a beer and sitting at the gate.LOVE Vino Volo!  I'm so happy this establishment graces a few terminals at the Philly airport, it is so nice to have a place to sit and have a decent glass of wine and some quality food to eat before a flight and not be stuck in some greasy bar drinking overpriced beer.
I've tried a few of their salads, and I always love the cheese plate, which features three different cheeses, some marcona almonds, chutney, a few pieces of dried fruit and some toasted bread, the perfect snack to enjoy with some wine.
And to top it off, more than one time I've been here, I have gotten a free pour!  The staff is great, and I've had a few times where I had an hour to kill before the flight, so a few glasses of wine later I pay my tab and realize they only charged me for two instead of three, or one instead of two.Nice place with nice lite menu but I absolutely hate their reliance on the iPhone app. It loses my password and then I'm forced to dig through my laptop trying to recover or generate a new one each time. I came here to have a relaxing time and the result - damn app! - is the opposite effect.Vino Volo is a great alternative to the fast food places at the food court.  The goat cheese salad with chicken is a great pre-flight meal.  And with $2.00 "Cellar" tastes (simply download the app and show it to your friendly bartender), this place brings civilization into this hectic terminal.  The servers are attentive and prompt.  On the day I visited, the bartender on duty charged me for an appetizer I did not order.  She found the mistake and quickly corrected it as I was already walking out.  Thanks for the great service!I discovered the first Vino Volo about two years ago in the Oakland airport.  I am thrilled that they have expanded to many locations.  I love the tasting menu - you get three wines from one of the selected groupings.  Very relaxing, not something normal to airports.  I didn't eat this time but the food pairings I have had in the past have been great and a good match to the wines.Vino Volo is located in the PHL airport. They have an excellent wine selection and some great, although few, menu choices. You should check the menu first just to make sure that they have something you like. 
First, what I love about this place is that it's like a tiny oasis in the hustle and bustle of the airport. The chairs are extremely comfortable and the atmosphere inviting, which is so rare for an airport restaurant. 
They had various flights of wine tastings but I stuck with a single glass of Riesling. I tried the "small" portions of the smoked salmon bites and pork tacos.  Both were delicious. The smoked salmon was raw on top of what tasted like a piece of Melba toast with some aioli. The tacos were in corn tortillas, which are far more authentic than the flour kind! 
If I ever had time to kill in this airport, this is where I'd spend it! Overall a great spot!Wine lovers rejoice! Vino Volo (can I call them "Double V"?) is an oasis in the bustle of Philadelphia International Airport. Ever since hearing about this place, I'd been eager to have an excuse to take a flight, just so I could try VV. The service is awesome.
Since I didn't know when the next time we would be in PHL would be, we decided to go the flight route. We had two wine flights, one with a California theme and one with a winter theme. Each came with a helpful informational paper coaster, and the waitress took the time to explain each individual wine. Nice touch!
The food was great, and a notch above your typical airport food fare. Since half-sizes were available, we decided to go for them so we could get a wider variety of food. All of the meat was well-cured, definitely feeling like "food to be enjoyed with wine." We went for the braised pork tacos, brie and prosciutto sandwich, and smoked salmon rolls - the salmon was especially delicious, but I enjoyed all of them.
Veni vidi vici. Vino Volo. You're gonna love the Double V.This is the best place to pass time at the airport. I have been to a vino volo last year at the Detroit airport. The area at the Detroit airport was nicer than this one. But nevertheless, I enjoyed both places.
I had the wine club selection tasting. I chose this because of a Dierberg Pinot Noir that it featured. It was so good! But, the top winner was...the Siena by Ferrari-Carano! It's a sangiovese / malbec blend. I had an extra glass of that. Yum!  
BTW, I paired the reds with a flour less chocolate cake with raspberry sauce. OMG, so good! They need to have this at every airport!Not the cheapest place to get drunk pre-flight at the airport. The wine selections are interesting and I've written down a few to buy at home. Food is decent but some portions are small. In any event, the place is usually crawling with attractive women in their 20s and 30s.I stopped in at the Vino Volo near terminal C in the PHL airport. 
The wine selection was good, but the menu options were limited due to them running out of bread for making any of the sandwich offerings. 
No worries. I ordered up a Central Coast Pinot Noir and a salad. The service at the bar was excellent, and outlet plugs ran all along the length of the bar for charging up devices while you dined/worked.
The wine was very good, the prices were reasonable and the meal service was prompt.
I will definitely stop here again the next time I am changing through Philly!If there were a Vino Volo in every airport, I might've considered prolonging my consulting career.  This place is fabulous!  Great wines, great prices, great snacks, and friendly service.  Next time I'm at PHL, I might actually hope for a flight delay, only to indulge in some Vino Volo goodness.The only place to stop for great wine and food -- and exceptional service -- at PHL. Hours few by. Like a mini vacation in otherwise painful travel grind. Seek out Michelle. Very knowledgable and friendly. She rocks an already rocking joint.Long layover? Sit down, relax and have a flight of wine. My girlfriend and I love wine and this place has a great selection of it, so while we had a long layover in the Philly airport we decided to stop and drink some. We started with two flights of wine and one order of olives. It was the perfect combination. All the wines were delicious. We even had a full glass after the tastings. Nothing like being a little tipsy in the airport. The experience was perfect. The staff was very friendly as well. 
I would hang out here next time I am at the Philly airport.3.5 stars I should say. Good place to kill some time in the airport. 
I had the shades of white flight- all three were pretty good, including a Californian wine I ordered a second glass of. Service depended on who was behind the bar (I was there for a bit of time). The atmosphere was relaxed and I actually enjoyed the music playing. I also had a cheese plate which was good; albeit, pretty small.I had a 3 hour layover coming from LAX and when I walked past this place my head immediately turned around...cool ambience, friendly, knowledgeable staff and great wine.  Fairly reasonable for wine...pretty decent cheese plate and I loved the Reisling the best from Germany.Brie sandwich was tasty. Salmon & cheese cake are still looking for an identity. Difficult to get waitress' attention. Could be a nice place though.So long story short, I was stuck at PHL for a number of hours and was looking for a place to eat, drink, and relax.
First off, I realize that this place is predominantly a wine bar and my expectations for food was pretty low initially.  However, after I read the various reviews, I decided to give it a shot because a number of people recommended the pork tacos.  Unfortunately, I've had excellent tacos in Mexico at local taquerias and what Vino Volo served is an embarrassment to all tacos around the world.  It was obvious that the white corn tortillas were previously frozen and improperly warmed up because it did not taste like it was actually cooked.  The "braised pork" was little better than striated cardboard.  It was dry, tasteless, and tough to swallow... literally.  The only thing that made the meal palatable were the minuscule lime wedges that came with the meal.
If the food wasn't bad enough, I question the ability and knowledge of the waitstaff.  We had ordered a Shiraz, which according to the menu was a straight Shiraz.  What arrived was actually a blend that wasn't aerated or allowed to breath.  The bouquet of the Shiraz was nothing like the typical Shiraz and produced a gag reaction from me just by getting a whiff of it from 3 feet away.  I would have chalked it up to my personal preferences if it wasn't for the fact that I actually like most Shiraz.
The service was just OK.  The waiter was semi-attentive, which isn't a bad thing since I hate being overly bothered when I'm trying to enjoy (or in this case, choke down) a meal.  For being in the middle of an airport, the seating and ambiance was fantastic.  However, like someone else mentioned, the seating wasn't conducive to eating, and I do not like to be forced to recline that far from the table while drinking wine (since I sip them instead of gulp them).Stopped here for a quick dinner while waiting to change planes.  Had the pork tacos ($9) and the flourless chocolate cake ($5).  Not bad for airport food.  I will say that the chairs were horribly uncomfortable for eating.  (Perhaps they're good for drinking wine...but I didn't have that much time)
One quick note:  This is classified as a "wine bar," so I missed it on my initial search for places to eat.  It's worth keeping in mid...Ya know... for a wine bar in the airport, we were pleasantly surprised! The wine selection is great! The food was delicious. I had a salad and olive plate. My husband had the chicken sandwich. SO GOOD. Someone next to us had truffle macaroni and cheese. It smelled heavenly!
I'll definitely be back... but I have to agree with Eva. I wish I knew before hand how much they didn't suck!!!!!!!!Vino Volo makes your stay at the airport an enjoyable experience. I ordered the braised pork tacos and a lovely little cabernet sauvignon to celebrate my upcoming long-haul flight to Europe in Philly. I also found their location in Washington Dulles while traveling long-haul through Dulles. It's like a blessed bastion of peaceful civilization in the midst of airport chaos. Try the olives. Try the almonds. Try the food. Try the wine. Sit in the comfy chairs. Strike up a conversation with a random stranger. Or don't and just breathe and sip your wine. Enjoy. Enjoy.Everyone dreads the airport experience: waiting on line, taking your shoes off, going through that weird x-ray machine where you have to lift your arms.  But I always look forward to stopping for a glass of wine at Vino Volo.  Who knew that a cozy winebar would be located in an airport!  You don't feel like you are in the airport anymore.  The servers are friendly.  The wine choices are great and reasonably priced.  And, I had picked up a sandwich from somewhere else and they let me eat it there while I sipped my wine! :)  It is always a nice start to a trip when I stop into Vino Volo, and a great excuse for getting to the airport early.Excellent lunch at Vino Vole in Philly airport.   We had cured olives which were delicious, Marconi almonds (to die for) roasted with rosemary then a roasted chicken salad.  Fab!  Totally satisfying and so happy to have found it.  The atmosphere is fantastic with jazz playing, perfect service and excellent food.  Love it!   Must try the chocolate and cheesecake duo for the perfect ending.  I have fallen in love with Philly again.So honestly after enjoying a leisurely dinner + wine flight + glass of wine at Vino Volo last night before my flight home I was prepared to give them a 5 star review.  I mean - great wine bar at the airport, food is decent, definitely a relaxing place to spend my pre-flight extra time.
I enjoyed the wine I was drinking so much that I wrote it down to remember for later.  Louis Latour Chardonnay-Vignoier 2010.  Lovely.  Vino Volo was charging $14 for a glass.  I supposed I should have googled it from the airport, and I would have realized that a bottle of the stuff can be had RETAIL (not wholesale - which is the price Vino Volo is paying) for below $10.  I expect to be ripped off at the airport, but that price is highway robbery.  Next time I will stick with the (less) overpriced beers in the bars down the corridor.Why do they not have one of these in all the airports I go to??!!! 
It was great to have a couple glasses of wine and some small bites to eat before getting on the plane.  Our waitress was friendly, the wine was good, and the proscuitto and brie sandwich was pretty awesome.
And, the chairs are extremely comfortable.  Next time I am at an airport with a Vino Volo, I will be there in a heartbeat.Great food. Great wine. Love this place. Wish every airport had one!!Just what I needed . The representative was very knowledgeable . Happy to have delicious wine while waiting for my planeTwo Locations (B/C connector & D/E connector) offer comfortable seating, accessible power outlets, and affordable meal options -- in addition to an extensive and exquisite wine menu. Wait staff is courteous and quick! A great place to kill some time before or after a flight!A rather relaxing oasis in the hustle and bustle of the airport. While no establishment at an airport doesn't gauge you, Vino Volo is relatively speaking, reasonably priced for its wines by the glass, flights and small plates. Staff rather knowledgeable and helpful. 
The waiter with a beard teetered on the edge of pretentiousness when he attempted to debate the merits of Sonoma Dry Creek Italian varietals with me despite my demonstration of in depth knowledge and personal relationships with local vintners.My favorite place in the Philly airport. Just show them the Vino Volo app and you will receive a free wine sample.Not only do they have outtanding wine but ther food is delicious  I love the Burrata and roasted tomato salad as well as their marinated olives.  I had a delightful Italian wine flight from the  Puglia and Piedmont region for just 15.00. And always a plus to recharge your phone and free WIFI.I love this concept!!  --wine tastings at the airport!!
Visiting this wine bar was a real treat and definitely helped pass the time on my 2 hour layover.  I was very surprised at the fine caliber of wines they had to offer.  The flights are excellent.  I tried a 'central coast' flight and each and every one was a hit!  
Friendly staff, clean area, good stemware, wonderful wine.  Definitely looking forward to my next layover - Cheers to Vino Volo!Great spot! We always stop in on the way out. Wines are great. Excellent cheese plate. Check out the Loyalty program!I used to like this place and was a regular but they were really rude. They made me get up from my table and asked me to move to the bar. May be my skin was too dark for them.Charged me $3 for water just so I could get the password for the WiFi because the airport's wifi was down. And just to add insult to injury, the speed of the connection was slower than 90s Internet.Great gem in PHL airport!  Lovely selection of world wines, tasty food,everything reasonably priced and very well presented.  Very pleasant staff.  Wish I had found this place before Jack Duggan's disgusting establishment in the same terminal where everything was inedible....I wavered between a 3 and a 4 on this one, finally agreeing that 'I'm a fan.' I had a 2-hour layover in Philly around lunch time. I knew I wouldn't have time for lunch after I arrived in DC. So I went in to Vino Volo for a quick bite. 
Here's what I like about it. Creative food choices. I had a garbanzo, chorizo chili. It was very good. I also like that you can get half order, which was just about what I wanted. 
One frustration: I wanted an espresso after I finished my food. No espresso. In fact, no coffee at all. OK, I thought, there must be a Starbucks or something else in the concourse. Wrong-o. So no coffee at all that lunch.
I think it's interesting how many of the other reviewers gave this a 5-star rating. In a very objective sense, I don't think it deserves it. It compares favorably to most of the other choices for airport food. But I don't think I'd give it 5 stars compared to other wine bars that you might choose to go to.
And yes, even though it was lunch, I did have a glass of wine. I picked a California red, very moderately priced, that went very well with my chili.Nice wine selection ( albeit airport pricing) and good selection of tapas. The chacutturie board is well done. Excellent alternative to the jammed in louder places that most frequent.This was about what I'd expect from an airport wine bar. The wine was a little pricey, with the cheapest (but still good) being $8. But that's not too bad for an airport drink.
When I first got there, I waited a good 5 minutes until someone acknowledged me (granted, it was almost full), but then they were very friendly after that. 
I ordered the Prosciutto and Brie sandwich. It was tasty, but small and not too filling for an $11 sandwich. There also wasn't much (or any, possibly) Brie cheese on the second half of my sandwich. When there was Brie, everything meshed well and the fig spread was a really nice touch to bring together the prosciutto and Brie. 
For the airport, its probably some of the best food you can get. And they have outlets at each seat of the bar so you can charge up, which is nice. But would I stop here after arriving at PHL, when I could eat anywhere in the city? No.I love this place! When my fight is delayed it's my go-to-spot!!! I love the Samantha Star chardonnay is my ultimate recommendation.Vino Volo at the Philadelphia Airport has an excellent selection of wines and pretty decent food. For snacks, the olives and flavored almonds are an excellent complement to a glass of wine. For dinner, I had the Tuscan Chicken sandwich which consisted of herb roasted chicken served with this red pepper aioli on Ciabatta bread. This was pretty legit for airport food. I will most likely be back next time I am at the Philly Airport.When the Founder decided that he couldn't get a decent vino at the airport, he created a spot where winos unite. And the small bites are always perfect. You never know what's in store, so drink often, experiment and enjoy.  Love their signature smoked salmon and their prosciutto and Brie.Had a lovely sushi meal here on Saturday while waiting for my flight. Great wine choices, fresh sushi and a nice server= a great dining experience in an airport!. Great choice if you are an Asian food or wine lover!.This is a smaller Vino Volo but for me, smaller meant more individual service from the bartender and good wine conversation.  Really nice way to kick off a flight - with a flight :)Exceptionally delicious! Coulda ate array of lamb meatballs...yummy!! Mixed greens were tasty too. Kinda pricey.Such a great idea. Sat in the 'patio', enjoyed two glasses of wine while waiting on my flight. 
Great wine list, and I liked the 'flight' idea, although, my neighbor complained about the small sip she got per glass. I didn't eat, there was nothing on the menu that really interested me. Service was ok, only one bartender on, and she seemed a bit frazzled by the late lunch crowd.A nice diversion from the normal airport fare. Quiet, comfortable, and very tasty food selection that is shoulders above the normal greasy airport sandwich. Small but decent selection of old word and new world wines that are moderately priced considering it is in an airport. Would definitely return on next stop through philly.
Service was top notch as well.I really enjoy the Vino Volvo locations as I travel. At this one I arrived as they were closing on a Friday night. I would have been fine if they had to turn me away. But not this one, a welcome and a glass of Vino!
A great Terrasole red , a great ending to my week before the trip home. THANK YOU VINO VOLVO PHILADELPHIA, TERMINAL C. I will always be a patron! Thank you Ronald, fantastic customer service.I used to like this place. It just took them over 20 minutes(at an airport where people are trying to make flights) o deliver a charcuterie board & water. The meat is cheap supermarket lunch meat. I can't believe they're calling this charcuterie. It was terrible.Why wouldn't you stop here? Unless it's a question of budget, this is a quality stop in your travel day. Small plates allow for a scalable, incremental approach to hunger management. Food ingredients and preparation favorably impressed this reviewer. Also a nice glass of a Hungarian summer wine with which he was previously unfamiliar. Friendly and helpful folks.I like Vino Volo even though I'm not a drinker. I like it that they have healthy choices in the airport, because you know how there're too many fast food chains in the airport. Ive been to Vino Volo in 3 different airports I think, Boston, Austin, and Philadelphia. I've tried their smoked salmon crostini, prosciutto fig sandwich, and chicken salad. All were good. If I'm in a restaurant where they have Vino Volo, I'd definitely stop there for food.Nice selection on flights and food. Food is light and perfect for flights...not too heavy when flying. 
I loved the ginger carrot soup and smoked salmon bites.Took a seat at the bar which I had to swap as it had zero padding and was wobbling all over the place.
Noticed a lot of small black flys hovering around. Ordered a expensive semi ok glass of red.
Also ordered a Brie and prosciutto sandwich. Should have known better as overheard barmen talking about the expiry  date on the Brie .
Sandwich arrived, soft limp bread and dodgy salad. Took a bite and noticed the prosciutto was actually thick cut ham. Even worse there was that dodgy crunching between the teeth that lets you instantly know something isn't right.
I took one more hesitant bite to affirm my first thoughts. Yep the worse Brie and prosciutto sandwich I have had in my life. As another fly zipped by towards the food i quickly checked out.STOP. Stop here if you would like a relaxing or engaging experience
while waiting for you flight at Philadelphia International Airport. Have a wine flight for that red-eye and perhaps the pork tacos. The chicken samy is "meh" as is the vanilla bean cheescake but the wines are great and much attention has been paid to giving you info on what you are having. The mixed greens for five bucks is a great way to get salad greens outside of other chains. If they had Italian espresso, well- I would stay longer. Perhaps it is best if they don't. Servers are always polite and a step above what one finds at airports. The big guy we had with a mustache and beard was a dream.My favorite airport food joint  -- can't beat great sandwiches and great selection of wine. Service is super fast with knowledgeable staff about the wine.
Brunello 2005 has been my favorite after trying multiple here. Brie and prosciutto sandwich is much better than most of the airport junk.Rolled up to the bar with 15 minutes before my flight. No one waiting & the waitress refused to pour a glass of wine cuz it wasn't the right glass.' She said Your gonna have to wait until the 'right' glasses get to the bar, that way I know how much to pour.' 
When asking her if I could give some constructive feedback to her manager about keeping a measuring device behind the bar to increase sales, her reply was, 'I'm not the owner I don't make the rules, but if I was.. The wine would be free and I'd be pouring it down your throats.'  
   I understand that people in airports can be in a rush. But if you chose to serve the public being sarcastic and rude to customers is no way to represent yourself or  the company you work for. Needless  to say
I will not be returning.Critics say it's overpriced and the wine and foods are unremarkable, but lighten up. When on a long layover thanks to a flight delay, my husband and I found the staff very welcoming and more than willing to let us hang out in a pleasant, quiet corner, taking up two tables with our glasses and platters, for hours. It cost less than springing for refuge in an airline club and we enjoyed cheeses, meats and almonds with wine flights tailored to our requests. It was far superior in atmosphere and food quality to the other options in the terminal, so I have to give it a positive review.Solid airport option for light fare and wine. Wine pairing are solid and affordable for the airport.We arrived at the airport extremely early and stopped in for lunch. Our server, David, was pleasant and professional. My wife had the lentil soup, with a salad. I tried the Brie & Prosciutto. Both were delicious. As expected, the wine list is quite nice. Another server, Audrey, explained the loyalty program and was also very friendly and knowledgeable. We look forward to our next trip to VV!I had only a 1 hour layover while I was traveling on business, and the internet was down in the store! I had cash, so it was no problem, but she was unable to print me a receipt and didn't mention it until after I got my meal! It took longer than expected to finish my smoke salmon rolls. At least the salmon rolls were okay, but nothing I'm willing to go back for after that experience.In the mood for a small pours of mediocre, overpriced wines?  Got a craving for the saddest cheese plate in the world, complete with slimy meat that'd make a 3am roadside deli feel shamed?  Feel like overpaying for olives that probably came from a can?
If all of this sounds like a good way to spend your post-TSA free massage time, you're in luck.   They have a finely curated list of half-corked wines that have been open for a bare minimum of two days before serving, and a small selection of inappropriately described small food plates, service that definitely makes it seem like an exclusive event (read: your presence is doing them a disservice) and an environment that screams "we won't be here in 3 months" more than your average pop-up.Very good chorizo and chickpea chili.  My daughter loved her Brie and prosciutto sandwich and my wife really enjoyed her salad.  Nice olive plate as well.  Wines were excellent.  Definitely will be back.So yes, it's in an airport.  But it's surprisingly good for what it is.
+ Clean, modern design
+ Spacious, you're not sitting on top of the next person
+ Professional staff
+ Thoughtful menu - hands-down the best option for eating, drinking, and/or killing time in the PHL Terminal D
    * Skip the pork tacos - total boredom
    * Go straight to the brie & prosciutto sandwich - heaven in your mouth  
- minus one star for a complete lack of moderately-priced full-bodied reds - the cheapest cabernet was $15.  I'm about to board a giant bus with wings and pack myself into the sardined-economy section, clearly I am made of sensibility and not money.This place is my pre-flight out of Philly tradition. Screw allowing yourself enough time to get thru security, I always make sure I have enough time to sit down at Vino Volo. Apparently there are 3 stores in the Philly airport. I love coming here for their wine flights (they start at $9!) and since I mostly have AM flights (the airplane kind), this place is rarely packed during that time! Yes, sometimes I do get a bit self conscious sitting at the bar with 3 glasses before noon but whatever, its noon somewhere. The food is ok. I've only ordered their "half plates" which are pretty tiny. I know they have a kitchen but I don't think they actually cook back there, unless you count the microwave. So I usually stick to items that don't need to be cooked, like the smoked salmon with crab cream cheese (I've never had any crab but that's what they call it) served on crustinis with two giant salty capers. The environment is clean, modern and makes you forget you're at the airport, kinda. The service is quick and can feel a bit cold and unfriendly but I guess it's an airport bar after all.One of the nicer airport restaurants/wine bars I have seen. The roasted chicken breast salad in pine nuts, dried cranberries, and herbed vinaigrette was very good. The veggies were fresh and the chicken was actually chicken (not fake airport chicken). Equally impressive is the relaxed, open air atmosphere despite being located right by the security gate. Of note, I respect any restaurant that displays the calorie, fat, and sodium composition of each option although the sodium content of most options here made me think several times before I sat down.Hartsfield Airport, wake up.  We need one of these.  I love this place.  Quiet, non-smoky, tasty food and a nice wine selection.  I am in an airport every week and this is my first experience with this.  Bravo!I love love this restaurant. It's just perfect for a wine loving traveler who doesn't need a big meal and wants quality over quantity. This place is quiet, perhaps the quietest place in PHL. Every week when I stop here there is someone who works in the airport napping nearby. They have nice pop music playing in the atmosphere. No TVs, thank goodness. There is a nice view. I can see ships docking nearby. Their prices are fine by me. The food is great. I love the tarts, the chocolate torte, the chicken breast salad, the white chicken chili, and the smoked salmon rolls. I haven't had the other items yet.This restaurant has completely changed my expectations of airport food. I used to be content with a hurried slice of greasy pizza, but no longer. A Vino Volo brie sandwich is now the standard to beat.
But it's not just the food. In PHL's chaotic "Philadelphia Marketplace" their little restaurant was a tranquil sanctuary. People aren't jostling you, carts aren't beeping at you, and CNN's Rick Sanchez isn't guffawing idiotically about the latest celebrity "news." It's just you and some quality food and some top notch wine.
Ah, the wine. I am a huge fan of wine flights. Comparing three wines lets me appreciate each more fully that I would without the perspective of immediate contrast. Some wine bars seem to assemble their flights at random, and some by pseudo-arbitrary criteria like "country" or "continent." But the Vino Volo flights are masterfully assembled: each is unique, but in a way that emphasizes their differences. Pick something that sounds good, and you won't go wrong.
Yet all this wonderfulness comes at a price. Two wine flights, two entrées, and one glass of wine plus tip came to $72. Vino Volo was so nice that I know I will be back, but at that price make sure you have the time to really soak it in.Beats your typical sad airport eats.  Feels like home. Or what home could be if it were in an airport.The place was empty but so was the airport so I thought I'd give it a shot. Don't go here! While the portions were the right size for me....very small...the prices were high for the taste. The mixed green salad was fresh, but the pasta was rubbery. I bet it has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. The wine ....I could have bought a better bottle for the price of one glass. At a place that has vino as part of the name I would expect all the wines to taste great.Headline: poor service (like uncomfortably so) and really high prices - as in the most glasses are around $12-14 dollars. Come on - this is an airport bar in between 2 terminals facing the security line. It sucks, because I love wine and hate flying so this would be perfect. Another complaint- for those of us who like to feel like effervescent pixies while drinking you will be disappointed to learn there are no bubbly wines. Again, come on peeps, if I can make that with my soda stream you can do that AT YOUR WINE BAR. 
So on the plus side, I would have given this place only 2 stars save for the spacious seating, relatively reasonable good food options, and the free wifi. If, like me, you are so paralyzed with dread thinking about your flight that exorbitant prices and subpar service won't phase you this is your spot.Wow I had no idea this place existed. Such a better option than the usual airport sports bar. Plus less volume but same amount of booze means I'm less lucky to have to pee at 30,000 feet which is always a plus!
They have a nice collection of world wines, not just California's or French. Plus they offer flights to try 3 at once. I had a glass of pinot grigio to pair with my mixed green salad with goat cheese tossed with champagne vinaigrette (still shocked I ate this at the airport). Unfortunately the greens were a little wilty but that was the only issue with my experience. I also had the world value wines tasting which was nice to give opportunity to try more than one wine. I liked the Chilean wine best .
Their menu was varied and offered pairings with wine. Staff was attentive enough, prices were good. I'll definitely be back next time I fly out of phl.I'm a fan of Vino Volo in general. This particular location has been my campground more often than I'd like due to flight delays at PHL. There is no better place to spend time in the airport while waiting for a flight. The wine selection changes frequently and always offers some gems. The flights are well-chosen and help you better understand different wine varieties. The staff is friendly and helpful for recommendations. The food is tasty--I especially like the chorizo chickpea chili and the chicken sandwich. It is a bit pricy for wine, but the quality exceeds other airport options by so much that I hardly mind. I do wish this location had more seating.I was waiting for a flight and wasn't in the mood for beer, and I happened to walk by this wine bar. Very happy I found it. It has a nice little selection of wines and the food menu looks like things that would compliment the drinks nicely. 
Nice open set up too. I would definitely go back on my next flight out of Philly.I kept seeing the place at all these other airports and never went, since I didn't think it was anything special... now after going at the Philadelphia airport on my way back from a 10-day work trip, I will definitely be back here.  Just a nice laid back, "classy" airport bar... not that i'm looking for classy in my sweats, sneakers and hoodie, but it was just different from your normal airport bar & grill.  I tried the "Off the Beaten Path" flight which included 3 white wines from places you wouldn't normally think of... India, Africa and I can't remember the third, but all were pretty good. Definitely get their Smoked Salmon Rolls, not sushi but rolled salmon on a crostini with crabmeat (opt for the regular size... trust me, it's worth it)... between the wine and these rolls it was a perfect small dinner and then onto my flight.  I just hung out at the bar, but the rest of the guests all seemed very comfy in the nice modern chairs.  Anyways, check it out next time you're at one of the many airports that has one in there.The perfect getaway from the chaos of traveling. I've seen many of these throughout airports but never had enough time to stop by since i'm always getting to my gate in the nick of time. 
The decor is very modern and the chairs are comfy and perfect for some good people watching. The wine is probably overpriced but hey, you're at an airport.
I tried the salmon on baguette to start and then had the half salad with goat cheese, cranberries and chicken. It's nice to finally have more healthy options at the airport, I'm a fan for sure.
Now if only I can get to the airport early every time so I can have a glass of wine before every flight!I have flown though PHL for years, and have never found anything to enjoyably pass the time. Tonight I had a couple of hours so I tried Vino Volo - a place I had seen in the past, but never thought to try. They have added a seating area outside the main wine bar that almost feels like "outside". They have padded wicker chairs and wooden tables with umbrellas overhead. The tables for two are close, but once you sit down you feel like you're in this little private spot in the middle of a busy terminal.
Their wines were great, and the food was surprisingly good - excellent for an airport. I started with a Willamette Valley Pinot Noir and salmon/crab crostini. Very tasty. After a nice leisurely time with my food, wine and iPad, I decided to go for a chocolate cake and Zinfandel. Again, very very good. After spending about 90 minutes in my little private nook, I felt relaxed, refreshed, and wishing I had been able to enjoy it with my wife. Ii will definitely be back. Vino Volo is a good reason to connect through Philadelphia in the late afternoon or evening.Matt and I usually get to the airport with tons of time to spare, so recently before we boarded our plane to Pittsburgh, we stopped at Vino Volo for a quick drink and bite to eat. This wine bar chain currently has locations in about 10 airports in the U.S. and it's a welcome change to the overwhelming fast food options you usually get.
There is an impressive, albeit small, wine list with some fun flight options. (Heh, get it?)  Matt's artisan cured meats (small size for $8) were yummy but really just made him more hungry for a real dinner. My brie & prosciutto sandwich (small size for $6) was surprisingly tasty. The brie was slightly melted and warm and the fig spread was ooey and gooey (in a good way).
It's nice to have Vino Volo in the Philly airport, because when we were early in Pittsburgh coming home, we sat in a Friday's. Not as nice.I was pretty stressed out from some delayed flights when I strolled past Vino Volo. I passed it up and then came back because it just looked so relaxing. I stopped in for about an hour. I got the "Old World Whites" flight which was lovely. I paired it with the brie and prosciutto sandwich (wow!) and ended with the Chocolate Cheesecake Duo. It came to a little under $30, which I thought was plenty reasonable for the lovely atmosphere and the good attitude I came out with. I highly recommend!
I almost bought a bottle (bottles are 4x the glass price, btw), but I didn't quite have the money... But that option is available too, if you just fall in love with one.Nice place to take a break from a crowd, it's tucked away in a corner. A bit overpriced, total bill for 2 glasses of wine and a charcuterie board was $55 incuding tip. Overall, not bad by airport standards.Stressful flight day.  Knew that if I held out and made it to PHL I could find me some vino.  Ordered a flight of three CA Kings for 13.00 and if rocked.  Ordered small grilled chicken salad with vinaigrette dressing, pine nuts and dried cranberries. Don't forget goat cheese.  Should have ordered another flight to taste!!!!   The small salad was 6.  The three tasting flight was 13.  Stick with what they know best.  Wine!!! The salad size wasn't the issue.  It was the poor pint size piece of chicken smaller than my thumb that was the issue.      
Had to chase my waiter for my water chaser. Not cool.  He basically had a section of five tables.  To his defense it is obvious this area is part of Vino Volo but here plops this extra trashy couple who just "wanna hang here" till he finishes his smelly sub from the food court.  Nice.  Would I come back?  Yes.  You're traveling. It's stressful. The good options ate healthy with the nutrition content available.   Plus, the chairs are super comfy just ask the icky couple fitting next to me.  They didn't come for what Vino Volo is best known for..,,,