I have been to the Supper Club three times now for dinner and have had 2 great experiences and one below average one.  
First experience:  About a month after it opened on a weekday night.  Dined with another vegetarian friend of mine.  We both ordered the Papardelle and it was amazing.  Perfectly cooked.  Note, my friend is a true Italiana and was still impressed with the food.  Our waiter was flamboyant and silly but overall helpful.  There was singing from the moment we arrived until we ordered dessert when they took a break.  The mousse cake is DELICIOUS and I still dream about it.  
Second experience:  June 2012, Saturday night.  A friend from out of tow and her musical loving children took me out for my birthday here.  I ordered all of the same food and it was all still delicious, especially that mousse cake.  I was called up for a birthday shot and there was singing again, throughout the night.  
Third experience:  September 2012, Saturday night.  A friend heard about the June experience and wanted to go.  We arrived at 8pm and had to ask to be seated somewhere that wasn't behind the mirrored post.  When we asked to sit in the main room right in front of the stage, we were told the tables were reserved.  NO ONE SAT THERE ALL NIGHT.  Our food and service were great, again the papardelle.  My friend ordered the Grouper Special and reported that it was good.  We asked when the entertainment would be begin and were told "in 5 minutes".  About 30 minutes later, at 9, we were entertained by 20-30 minutes of music.  It was great but then they took a "brief break" which involved the piano player walking around drinking soda FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF.  My friend was determined to stay for a second set to hear our fabulous waiter, David, sing.  At 10:30 we were treated to another 15 minutes of music and then another "brief break."  I was not interested in waiting around any longer.  While waiting, the lovely proprieter of the establishment came around to ask how the food was.  He handed us a card, which we thought was a coupon, and were excited about.  When we realized it was his business card, we were disappointed and confused.  
The food is good but the entertainment is the reason to go.  
All in all, I would go here again and would recommend it to others but now with a caveat just in case people don't have 3 hours to spend sitting around to wait for the entire reason they came to the establishment in the first place.I went here to celebrate a friend's birthday this past December. I had a fantastic time. The pianist was entertaining, the singing was great, and the ambiance was wonderful. Unfortunately, the food was underwhelming. I ordered the pappardelle which was a nice portion of tasteless pasta. The carmelized onions were the saving grace of this dish. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food enough, so I can't say if i just got a dud or not. After our meal, the owner came over and gave us all 10% discount cards after pushing really hard for us to come back regularly. I didn't care for that too much. If your restaurant is good, the food will speak for itself and you wont have to beg for returning patrons. Overall, go for the company and the piano, not the food.PROS: Tasty dishes, medium portions, good entertainment, great service
CONS: Pricey
The food at Walnut Street Supper Club was better than expected. The lobster ravioli was creamy and delicious, topped with a small lobster tail. The tuna entree was also well-cooked and balanced. The staff is friendly, and the vocal performances were pleasant.After reading the mixed reviews on Yelp, I decided to try the Supper Club last night with my boyfriend because I was intrigued by the concept.  When we walked in, we were greeted very warmly by the bartender while the host sat another party.  After a short wait, the manager saw us to the "Liza Minnelli booth."  We were seated, and after a few minutes, the extra place settings were cleared.  It's a minor detail, but while we each had all of the pieces of a place setting, they were not laid out appropriately, leaving my fork to my right side, and a knife to be taken from one of the cleared settings.
The specials were read, and I was pleased to hear that the split pea soup was vegetarian... until another server came over to tell us that this wasn't the case.  Our appetizer was a fried goat cheese with a lingonberry compote and a balsamic reduction.  The cheese and compote were very good, but the balsamic was far too thick to eat with the soft cheese.  Even with bread, it clung to the plate.
I had a mushroom pasta dish, the pappardelle.  It was passing, but very garlicky and salty.  The mushrooms were also chewy.  My date had a pesto dish, which he said was good, but I did not taste it.  For dessert, we ordered gelato.  I had the chocolate hazelnut and he the raspberry.  Both were very good, though the chocolate had a slight taste of freezer burn.
Throughout the meal, the server was attentive, and both he and the manager visited several times to ask how things were.  The performances were mostly average, though there were a few very good songs.  
I will say that I noticed a few things during dinner that seemed to be direct responses to comments I'd read on Yelp.  For example, one commenter mentioned no one cleaning crumbs off of his table.  During the meal, my boyfriend went to wipe away some crumbs and our server jumped to say "I'll get that!" and then came back with a scraper.
All in all, it was an average meal in a good atmosphere at a pretty high price.  ($85 after tip for a cheese appetizer, 2 pasta entrees, 2 dishes of gelato, and 2 glasses of wine).Definitely an interesting place to check out.  The experience is something different.  Both my date and I got pasta and it was very good but nothing special.  There were little touches that a nicer restaurant may have thought of, such as an extra dish for the mussels that I had to ask for.  The experience was pleasant, food was good but just a-ok.  i would go back again if someone was particularly interested.Went here before a Sixers game - they give you 20% off your food (not drinks, but still!) if you have tickets to a game or show in town.  The atmosphere is super classy, like something straight out of a 20's gangster movie, but in a good way.  Even so, my date and I were in jeans and sweatshirts (again, going to the Sixers game); we felt a little underdressed at first, but it wasn't a big deal at all.
The atmosphere rocked.  LIve piano, with all the staff singing, even the coat-check guy.  The singers were really good, too.
Service was great, although were were there at 5pm on a Wednesday so we were probably the only customer for the first half of our meal.  Still, our waiter was incredibly friendly.  The manager came and checked on us twice, and the owner even talked to us on our way out.
As for the food: amazing.  Yes, the prices might seem a little on the high end at first ($15-25 for most entrees, $8-10 for appetizers), but I was pleasantly surprised at both the quality and quantity of the meals.  We had the antipasto appetizer, which was 3 cheeses, some prosciutto, and various vegetables.  Honestly, at most places, I would have expected only the meat and the cheese for $10, but this plate was huge.
I had the baby back ribs.  When they say "fall off the bone," they're not kidding.  I ate the bones clean with just a fork and knife.  The sauce was really good too.
My date had the lobster ravioli.  Also delicious.  I usually feel like meals like that aren't worth the cost, but this one came with a lobster tail.  In addition to the typical serving of ravioli.
We didn't have dessert, so I can't comment on that.  But otherwise we had a great experience.We enjoyed dinner at the Walnut Street Supper Club before a show at the Walnut Street Theatre on a Wednesday night.  The restaurant was not that crowded but starting to fill up when we were leaving. 
Our whole group loved everything about this place.  Great 40's atmosphere, our waiter was a dynamite server as well as great singer.  Love the whole concept of the wait staff also being entertainers.  
Food was delicious especially the goat cheese appetizer and the lamb chops.  
We will be back again !!We had a group of 13 on the balcony for my Dad's surprise birthday and had a blast!  The wait staff was very professional, courteous and attentive.  The traditional Italian cuisine was delicious, from the grilled calamari appetizer, down to the gelato we had for dessert.  The entertainment was a lot of fun, and made the experience complete.  The owner Ralph made it a point to stop by our table and make sure everything was to our liking.  Matt the manager went above and beyond the call of duty to make sure the surprise element went off without a hitch.  Our lovely evening at this restaurant was more than we expected and we would highly recommend it, especially for celebratory events.Great singers. It was fun to sit at the bar to grab a drink before we went to the walnut theater . My wife and I shared a plate of lobster&spinach ravioli's , which were good but not great. We did not have a lot of time because we wanted to eat quickly and get out. There were two tv's at the bar so you could see the waiters and waitresses sing live . We were caught up in the performances , all we're great. The problem was , so was the bartender who seem to think she was an American Idol judge then helping any of the customers. Had to call to her to get drinks because she would not stop looking at the tv .And i was Trying to get my check was such a bother... So don't sit at the bar.We went here before a show at the Walnut Street Theatre using an online coupon deal. It was a Saturday night and we made reservations. Really liked the decor as well as the concept. We were seated at a table upstairs next to the balcony, with a nice side view of the stage (great seats!). We both ordered the same thing - I guess it was the chicken special. It was mushrooms, chicken, asparagus with risotto (truffle oil too). The portions were huge and it was very flavorful and delicious. The entertainment began after we were there about 20 minutes. Next time, we'll make later reservations to make the most of it. We are looking forward to returning, for both the entertainment and to try some other menu items. 
FYI - You get a discount with theater tickets.
I forgot to add - the service was excellent and the hostess and servers were very friendly!I was in Philadelphia on business and this restaurant was 2 blocks from my hotel, so a co-worker and I decided to go in for dinner.  We were both extremely impressed with the service, atmosphere and food.  I had the ribs - to die for!  It was like finding a door to the past - every waiter/waitress/bartender will get up on stage and sing.  The prices are very good also.I was so excited to go here and was never so disappointed.  Singing staff,  dinner, and cocktails!  What could go wrong? Everything!  I ordered a Caprese Salad and Seared Tuna.  The Caprese salad was bland and the tuna over cooked and not seared at all.  We went for a Birthday dinner for my friend and thank god there was some ok entertainment, but still not worth the hefty bill we received at the end of the evening.  Oh and because the staff is so busy singing,  your service is so slow.  
The singing staff is supper friendly...I definitely wouldn't have sought this place out for a meal, but we ended up there one night recently.  It was a fun time with ok food and drinks.  The interior of the building is beautiful with dark damasque wallpaper (or it may have even been fabric, we sat in the middle of the room so I couldn't touch it) and a gleaming black piano on the stage.  Each of the staff members gets a chance to sing a song.  It was fun to see our waiter, the bartender, and even the sound booth guy upstairs come down and perform for the diners.  
The food was so-so.  I ordered the chicken with spinach and prosciutto in a white wine sauce.  The chicken was tender and juicy and the prosciutto was perfectly salty, but there was just a bit too much spinach for me and I didn't really see sauce at all on my plate (maybe they accidentally left it off?  Or maybe it was just really thin and I didn't notice it).  My friend ordered the shrimp cocktail and a salad, which had wilted lettuce.  The best thing I ate was dessert, it was a cheesecake with a blueberry jam and a crumble on top.  It was deliciously sweet and tart and creamy all at the same time.  
During our meal, a man came over to our table and introduced himself as the owner, asking how our meal was.  He gave us some coupons for discounted prices and told me that they offered a 20% discount to anyone with a Jefferson Hospital ID badge (I had just gotten done work and was still wearing scrubs).  I don't know if he does this for every table, but it seemed like he really loves his business and wants to bring in a younger crowd.  This was also evidenced by the fact that some of the songs sang were pop songs (Adele).  All in all, it was a good time and I might go back if I have family in town and want to take them somewhere "different".Great service, great entertainment, great fun!  Food is mediocre.  Dined with 4 friends who loved the ambiance, drinks and entertainment but all agreed food was just ok.  Would come back again for the "fun factor"!Our experience at Walnut Street Supper Club was one of the best dining experiences we've ever had.  This place cannot be compared to any Starr, Garces or other high end restaurant in Philly.  It really shouldn't try to compete with these places, because it's so different, and in my opinion so much better.
Prices are ridiculously reasonable, with most pasta dishes hovering around 20 for very healthy portions.  They have a good variety of items on their menu, for those who don't feel like traditional Italian.  My dad ordered the ribs, and for a man who knows his high end meats in Philadelphia, he said they were close to the best he's ever had.
Besides the consistent and delicious food, the atmosphere alone will bring us back.  The service was impeccable.  Attentive without being overbearing.  And on top of it all,  the servers all sing as part of the show.  The little stage is built off to the side, and doesn't have to be the focal point of your dinner if you don't want it to be.  We were impressed with the vocal chops these servers had and their ability to really mix it up in their song selections--from My Funny Valentine to Let's Hear it For the Boys and of course a little Piano Man sing-along thrown in.
Our entire party was extremely pleased with the whole experience.We came here on an early Sunday night, so it was uncrowded. We sat at the bar for awhile and chatted up the bartender and some other patrons, while enjoying nicely-prepared martinis. We chose a booth, which was cozy. Although our view of the small stage was partially blocked, we could watch the performers on a screen. Our appetizers and entrees were delicious and substantial, if pricey. The waitress/vocalist assured me the grouper was fresh, and it tasted it.  Four of us shared terrific and ample limoncello cheesecake and chocolate mousse desserts.
Service was competent and friendly, and most of the performing staff  were real pros. 
Even after the place filled up, the noise level was reasonable and allowed for  conversation.
While pricey, we thought the added feature of live singers doing standards and show tunes (piano accompaniment), made the club a good value.  Not for everyone, but we'll be back.Great restaurant with live music. Came here for one of my graduation dinners. Mother had picked it out and failed to mention to ANYONE about the live music. Our table was almost on top of the band so it didn't provide the best atmosphere for table discussions, but that could have been the angle my mother was going for. Great food, great drinks, great staff. Very helpful. The owner came by during dinner and gave us all cards, and myself a VIP 20% coupon since I'm the only one who lives in Philly. 
Overall, great place. Decently expensive but exceptionally tasty food.We have a business a couple of blocks away and we have been coming here for late night wine and appetizers almost every week. Fried mozzarella with salad is my favorite appetizer, and the bartender Amanda is always friendly and helpful - and she has a nice voice. I see there are some review complaints about their pastas, which we didn't have, but the tuna or swordfish with mashed potatoes was great. I asked for a side of wasabi and they found it for me, off the menu. I prefer to sit at the bar ( not a fan of broadway) but the food and atmosphere is fine for us there.I actually wanted to give this place 1 star, but my lack of enjoyment there may have been my own fault. I was expecting a big band or supper club with a Sinatra-type crooning in the back ground like you see in the old movies... The kind our grandparents used to go to in the 40's and 50's.. 
Turns out, the waiters and waitresses take turns singing show tunes.. And if there's anything I hate, it's a broadway musical. It's was like my own personal hell. Truthfully, I thought the singers sounded better clanging dishes together than singing, but hey... The bar is TINY and right in the entrance where people are standing in line for their table... Maybe it's just me and my dislike for show tunes...
Note: we did not eat there, just went to catch some tunes and hopefully a buzz...a really fun time.
upon first entering, the decor is fancier than i was prepared for, but i did not feel uncomfortable being there in jeans. let's just say there were several other tables full of people dressed for the theatre (e.g. older ladies in pearls and fur, gentlemen in suit jackets). white tablecloths, cloth napkin, etc. 
it was great to meet the manager and owner last thursday. my friend got the chicken, her cousin got the veal parmigiana, and i tried the ribs... we all loved the calamari appetizer (we ordered it fried but they also offer it sauteed).
i cannot tell you how much i enjoyed the ribs. the plate was heaping and the sauce was sooo delicious. you just need to go try it for yourself. veal and chicken were a hit too.
desserts we tried: cannolo, tiramisu, chocolate mousse cake. all delicious, but we were too full from dinner to finish them. fresh strawberries on top of everything - a nice touch.
the waitstaff take turns getting up on stage and singing, and there were some really impressive voices. our server was friendly but i unfortunately forget her name.
this is the type of place my parents would really love.Ok, the atmosphere is pretty neat. My 3 year old loved it... one of the singers walked past our table mid-performance and pointed at her and she talked about it the entire night. The food, ehh.. not the best. I am vegetarian and my only option was pasta, so i got the fettuccine alfredo (asked them special to add broccoli and tomatoes). 
it was a saturday night and the place was about half full.. but still we waited for 40 minutes for our food. 3 meals. 40 minutes. waitress was sweet but still. by then my daughter ate the entire basket of bread and didn't touch her 20 dollar lasagna... which by the way my friend tells me wasn't very good and we didn't even bother to box. 
if this place got better food with wider menu selection, and worked on kitchen speed--- it could last. otherwise, walnut street supper club will be gone in a year.Oh, dear.  Went here for a Xmas Party.  The atmosphere is flawless--the management and food, not so much.  Gorden Ramsey needs to pay this place a visit.  Reservations were made in Novemeber for Xmas.  That doesn't mean that they were ready for us by any means at all.  The Table should have been ready.  No.  When you have a group of 10 or more people at 9PM--you should have the table ready.  They didn't even know we were coming! BIG Disconnect! Communication is the restaurant buisness is KEY--if that breaks down, things go wrong.  The Antipasto was underwhelming.  I had better.  The Braciole was over cooked in spots (slightly crunchy) and was cooked in some red wine based gravy.  It was not very flavorful and it was a bit cool.  The Chocolate Mousse Cake was still semi-frozen.  I kept thinking Gorden ramsey needs to pay these guys a visit.  You can get Italian Food better at other places in town.  The wait staff is very freindly and competent.  It needs an overhaul of management and the kitchen needs to step up their game.  Novelty will get you so far.Wanted to try this place for a while, so when an Amazon Deal popped up, we finally had an excuse to go.
Entrees were a decent size, food was okay. If anything, you come for the atmosphere and entertainment (the waiters sing). We did not get dessert because it looked kinda sad. 
I would recommend making reservations on Opentable.com to avoid waiting for a table. Don't go hear if you want to talk to your date - it was busy, loud and hard to hear about half the time.Excellent service by our waiter. The atmosphere is very relaxing. The food was good, but seemed on par with other Italian restaurants we have eaten at. My wife ordered the lobster bisque and were told they had just ran out. Seems odd since it was only 8pm. We missed the live entertainment they offer by one day. That would have been a nice experience. Great service, appealing atmosphere are their best qualities .We were very pleasantly surprised with WSSC!  
Friends went opening night and panned the food as average at best and the service as dreadful. 
We had solid food and fantastic service from the minute we walked in the door.  
The singers were also decent and some actually very good !
We had tickets to a show at 8 so when I called to make the reservation a few days earlier they pressed us to go with a 5:45 PM reservation rather than the 6:30 we had been thinking.  We resisted at first but agreed to 5:45 and they were absolutely right.  Take your time, let them take care of you, enjoy the atmosphere and entertainment and don't rush the pace.  
We asked for a table where we could see the stage (based on earlier  reviews on yelp) and we were given a table two tables away from the stage.  
The staff and our waiter were great!  Attentive but not overbearing.  
We also took the advice from other posters and were straightforward with our food and drink orders to not complicate anything.  
Drinks came out efficiently when ordered.  
Our server suggested we order appetizers and entrees at the same time so they could be timed correctly and they were.   
The fried goat cheese appetizer was excellent as was the fried calamari.  My friends also had the mushroom appetizer which they enjoyed (don't care much for mushrooms so I skipped it).  
I had the pasta with vodka sauce and I was happy with it but I wouldn't call it great.  My partner had the lobster ravioli which he said was very good.  My friend Steve had the fish special with the sauce on the side which he rated as excellent.  His wife had a different pasta dish than mine which she also enjoyed..  
In fact my only complaint is that I had to ask twice for a large spoon for the pasta.  The bill was $167 (before tip) for 4 people with two rounds of drinks, 3 appetizers, 4 entrees and 4 coffees. The dessert tray looked good but we opted to all go out after our show for a late dessert.  And since we had show tickets they gave us a 20% discount on the bill.  
With tip it worked out to about $50 each.  Not bad for a nice meal with live entertainment.  
We would definitely go back again and recommend the place!Takes you back a step in time with all the classy ambiance of a bygone supper club era.
Lots of varied well priced appetizers and entrees on the menu but the best is the entertainment!
The wait staff sings from the stage with a piano accompanist as well as being broadcast by TV.  They are also excellent at doing their real job.
Discounted $7 parking in a lot next door helps keep your costs down.
Don't miss this experience !I imagine the entertainment is more fun when the place is packed and there's a real crowd to interact with, but we went on a weeknight and it was dead!  The wait staff was very friendly, but the food was overpriced and most of the entrees only come with a starch or a vegetable, not both.  They had a wine list, but no cocktail menu (to their credit, they said they were working on getting one together).  The entertainment itself was good; the singers were talented, the piano player was obviously trained, and they performed a variety of songs.  They were also happy to take requests from the audience.  The place is much bigger than it looks from the outside, but the decor was a little cheesy for my taste.  If you're really into Broadway, you'll probably have a great time, but if you're not, it just feels kinda lame.  I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I don't think it was for me.  If I do go again, I will probably aim to go during the weekend to see if the atmosphere is a bit different then.I've worked in the restaurant industry for almost ten years. I can count on my hands the times where I truly had an incredible dinning experience---and this is one. 
The atmosphere is incredible as we were greeted immediately and seated thanks to Open Table reservation. 
The staff was very friendly, had us engaged in conversation, and was authentic. 
We loved the singing by the team and the piano playing was great. 
Was truly worth every penny. Will come back again.I very much enjoyed my dining experience here. The food was very good, prices are reasonable, the staff are GREAT, and the music is so much.
I would highly recommend coming here.Went here on a spur of the moment adventure and had a wonderful time. The live entertainment was exactly that, highly entertaining. The drinks were delicious, and when I ordered an appetizer and said I was gluten free, they said I could order most of the appetizers and they would substitute rice for flour in many of the non-gluten free dishes. Very considerate, and what an experience! Its pretty swanky so I would suggest going for special  occasions.For my 27th birthday I wanted to do something different.  I heard about Walnut Street Supper Club from a coworker--which is funny because I work less than a block away.  I had no idea that it was more than "just a restaurant".  We decided to give it a whirl, so we got our friends together and made a reservation (through www.opentable.com of course!)
We all arrived separately so when we go there a few friends were already at the bar.  Navigating how to "get in" the front door was confusing for some reason, but eventually we all made it in!  The bar was the perfect size and purpose for waiting for friends. After everyone was there we were escorted to the coat check and then to our table.  
We had a total of 9 people altogether and they sat us at a large round table by the stage.  The decor is very 1920's "club" like, and there is an upstairs mezzanine that overlooks the stage and main floor. The music sets the mood, with tunes from Etta James and Frank Sinatra filling the room.  
The menu is mostly Italian dishes with a very adorable cocktail list in the back.  I drank "The Judy Garland" all night long. It was DELICIOUS! Most others had specialty cocktails as well, which were reasonably priced and definitely packed a punch!
We started off with several appetizers for the table.  An antipasta salad, a couple of caprese salads, and friend calamari. The antipasta salad was a generous portion and had a wide range of offerings.  It was definitely a no-frills presentation.  My favorite was the caprese salad--huge chunks of mozzarella, thick slices of tomato, and the BEST part--an entire basil plants worth of leaves!  I hate when you order caprese salad and it's just a sprinkle of basil on top. The portion was generous and the olive oil was nice (not the best but not the cheap stuff either).
For our entrees we had fettuccini alfredo, a couple fettuccini ala vodkas, a NY strip, and I had the pappardelle. I lucked out with mine being the best at the table I think--not that the others were bad--just that mine was better!  The steak came out perfectly cooked to temperature and the sauces were good all around.  This is not gourmet Italian food by any means, but simply good tasting, well prepared meals. The real reason to dine here is the entertainment.
The music director, Jeremiah is HANDS DOWN part of the reason this is one of the most fun birthdays I have ever had.  He was interactive, funny, personable, and of course VERY talented. He engaged our party several times and sent us a round of "pineapple upside down cake" birthday shots to get the party started.  Sonni was our server and also a VERY talented musician. She sang a 10,000 Maniacs song that really got everyone in the mood. Dan was another singer working that night who obliged my request for Whitney Houston.  Jeremiah brought the house down with Billy Joel and got us to order another round of shots just for fun! It was absolutely SUCH a good time.
The next day, each of our friends contacted us to let us know what a great time they had, how unexpected it was, and how we can't wait to go back.  None of us had ever been to anything like that and we can't tell you enough what fun it was for a group.  I have already started to plan my next gathering!  If you are even thinking about going, make the reservation!  You will NOT regret it!I'm completely in love with the Walnut Street Supper Club!   When I heard about the concept I was already excited. Reasonably priced quality food with live entertainment?  What more can you ask for!  
I decided to have an impromptu birthday celebration for 10 on February 2nd.  I spoke with James, the manager, and he was more than happy to accomodate.  He patiently answered all of my questions and helped me work out fluctuating guest count.  When I arrived, he was there and greeted me by name with a smile.  The venue is beautiful and automatically transports you an old school supper club.  The warm and inviting space is enhanced by the kindness and positive energy of their bartendars who we became very familiar with while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.  They gave us the low down on restaurant and made reccomendations on their favorite menu selections.
Madeline was our server and was incredibly patient with us as we definitely had a case of the sillies that night.  She made great suggestions....We ordered a wide variety of things and everything was delicious.  I ordered the Seafood Martini (kind of a seafood cake with big pieces of crab and shrimp), the truffle risotto (served with cheese and mushrooms...OMG!  my absolute fav), the lobster ravioli (served with a mini lobster tail and large chunks of lobster in the ravioli) and the cannoli.  The icing on the cake was that she was an amazing singer (great Adele cover).
I would definitely go again and encourage everyone to give to give it a whirl if you're looking for a different way to spend an evening.
Quickie Review:  A fun time with awesome entertainment, great service, delicious food and reasonably priced bottles of wine...Go!Great location and atmosphere!
Stopped here with my wife on our way to see a show at the Walnut St. Theatre for dinner.  We really had a good time here....really laid back and enjoyed listening to the staff sing on stage.  Most of them were really good singers!  The food was descent (reason for not getting 5 stars)...nothing that really stood out as over the top.  Would highly recommend coming here to have a good time with friends/family!Atmosphere is nice, our waiter Chris was good, the entertainment was average except for the two singers (the bartender and water girl). The food was well below average. The calamari was no better than South Philly corner pizza place frozen deep fried calamari. The Caprese salad was a joke barely any tomato and hard mozzarella. I had frozen lobster ravioli with a smelly piece of lobster tail that I couldn't eat. My wife had the tuna special which was nothing special, it was unseasoned and bland. Our drinks and waiter were good, but for $138 you can get a much better dinner.Food: Extremely average.  
My $19 pasta came out all glumped together.  It was overly peppery, had a few sauteed onions and mushrooms.  I could have made way better pasta myself at home in 10 minutes.  Husband's grouper average as well.  Overly fried.  Lacking in flavor.
Atmosphere: Cheesy as hell, but not enough so to be ironic or kitch.  Just mildly tacky.  I usually hate TVs in a restaurant, but the TVs here have some pretty good clips of old song and dance routines.  They were the best entertainment in the place. 
Performers: They clearly love what they are doing but most had pretty poor voices.
Service: Great, friendly, attentive.  
I'm not sure I would go back even if I had a gift certificate.We had the best time! We are from San Diego and have been on a cross country trip. We had just placed our bags in our hotel and started walking down the street to find a place for dinner. We saw the piano bar and walked right in. The service was excellent, the food was awesome ( I had the lamb), the singing was fun and energetic. Our oldest son has been dressing in his Flash costume throughout our trip and the staff was up for letting him do that at the restaurant. See our pic. We had an awesome time talking with the friendly staff and enjoyed every dish. We spend our time looking for fun eating experiences and this will go down as one of our BEST. Our 8 and 5 year old boys also liked the piano and the food!After coming to the Walnut Street Supper Club for almost two years now, I wanted to write a more detailed update. It seems especially important to do so, because my husband and I just held our wedding reception there. I'm so glad that the owner, Ralph, suggested the idea of holding our reception there, back when we were looking at venues. It couldn't have been more perfect. 
The staff - I just can't say enough about how talented and dedicated they are. They worked so hard to make our wedding reception amazing. All of our guests had nice things to say about the service and the entertainment (which was unbelievably awesome). They can't wait to come back to the WSSC for dinner sometime. 
The food was delicious. They managed to get dinner out to all 100 of our guests so fast! One of the reasons why I was glad we hosted our wedding reception at WSSC was that I wanted something more than average catered wedding food. Our guests couldn't stop praising the food, and raved about the lobster ravioli in particular. 
We'll keep coming back to WSSC again and again, because of how wonderful they have been to my husband and I all this time. I can't thank them enough for making our wedding reception so special. 
Amazing food. Amazing service. Incredible entertainment. You can't go wrong with the Walnut Street Supper Club.So, on a recent visit back to my home town of Philly, I stumbled upon this joint!! My friends and I were amused at the singing waiters and waitresses, but in the end, the queenie singers from Karaoke night on Monday's at Woody's (which is right across the street) are much better! The service here is what makes this place 4 stars!!Such a different experience. Walnut Street Supper Club is a throwback to clubs and lounges in the 1940's where show tunes and live music are sung during dinner. Here, the waiters and bartenders are the ones performing. 
Food: it's not Osteria but the food is pretty good. Our group had the chicken Parm, lobster ravioli, and seafood fra diablo. Each dish were fairly big portions.
Price:Considering the show element, the price is more than fair.Every course was delicious plus the old-time hollywood environment is entertaining. Went on a night without live entertainment though so definitely trying to come back again.
Grilled calamari to start and I got the Frutti di Mare as an entree. Also their minestrone soup is well done.Their Bailey's chocolate mousse banana pound cake was to die for. If they offer it when you're there, definitely a must have. I thought I was full but this baby was worth the extra pounds. The only thing that got me a little bit was the homemade pasta were a little too wet/soft for my tastes, but that's not to say it stopped me from licking my plate. Overall, great experience and left in a food coma - feeling that satisfyingly uncomfortable fullness.Unexpected pleasure.  Did not know what to expect but the guys had the steak dishes and loved them, my girlfriend had the chicken parm and I had the pasta pesto which we loved too and we had soup and salad which did not disappoint.  
The surprise was the staff performs at the piano and boy did we see some talent, we loved it.
The service did not suffer even tho they were our entertainment, our server Beth was one of the best we have ever had and they  all help each other out.
Looking forward to taking a new set of friends there soon, we loved itAll the waitstaff are talented singers but we came to talk and visit with one another and were seated near the piano and under a booming speaker. Conversation was extremely limited. If I ever returned to this restaurant, I would request a table far from the music. My companions thought the food excellent but I had penne pesto which was supposed to be topped with roasted tomato and broccoli florets. There only a trace amount of either so it was mostly just pasta.the waitstaff was great...everyone was really friendly....we really enjoyed our dinner.. it was a nice place to take friends...I thought this place was a lot of fun, and the food was good and reasonably priced.  While there was a lot of singing going on, it was just the right volume, and not intrusive at all.
The atmosphere: elegant 1950s, soft candlelight, big round elevated booths facing the stage.  It could certainly be romantic if you wanted it to be, and the servers were all very friendly.
The food: standard Italian fare done well.  We started with the day's soup - a very good Fontina and asparagus.  We also had the antipasto plate, which had the cheese, meats, and veggies you'd expect, but was also priced appropriately at $10.  
For mains, I had the linguine with broccoli rabe and sausage, which was nice, but the broccoli would have been easier to eat if it had been in slightly smaller pieces.  My partner had the veal parm, which was nice and light and served with nicely presented grilled veggies instead of a huge wad of gummy pasta.
The wine list was decent (Italy, California, France, New Zealand) and priced right.  The desserts were also good.
All in all, I plan on going back to this place, and I would recommend checking it out.This is such an original place, I was blown away by my experience here. Not only is it a neat atmosphere, photos of scenes from old movies, red and gold colors drawing in the sense of an old fashioned theater, but the waiters actually get up a sing! And I'm not talking any Johnny Rockets action here. They get up alongside a grand piano and draw the audience in with their amazing renditions of broadway and other tunes. From Barbara Streisand to Seal, there was no lack of entertainment. The owner himself, a smart business man who has opened 16 restaurants and speaks casually of Frank Sinatra and other celebrities who often stopped in his establishments, not only stopped by to chat at our table but came back several times to make sure we were as comfortable as possible. Oh yeah, and the Italian food was also delish ;-) An outstanding experience, and on a Wednesday night! I can't imagine what this 40-year old treasure is like on the weekends. In my opinion, it's a must if you're in Philly.The interior is laid out like a classic 1940s restaurant with white linens, half-circle booths and second floor seating.  The food is very good. We had the salmon and the tuna.  Both were properly cooked, perfectly seasoned and very tasty.  
This is a good place to go to eat whether or not you enjoy the live entertainment.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  It seemed like they all enjoyed working there. The owner came by to ask us how our food was on two occasions.
Overall we had a great experience, but I do have a few criticisms. The bartenders shook cocktails that should have been stirred, leaving drinks like martinis and manhattans on the watery side.  
The TVs in the bar played fuzzy clips of old performances.  I realize they wanted to create an atmosphere centered around a theme, but the TVs seemed out of place and detracted from the authenticity of the theme.   Music (standards or cool jazz) played through a quality sound system would have sufficed.  When there was live music on stage the patrons at the bar could only hear the vocals through the speakers, which made the entertainment a little harsh on the ears.  The issue could be easily resolved with better sound mixing.Went here for date night on Sunday evening and it was a complete snooze fest. We saw three of the waiters sing and that was it for the rest of the night. We tried to find a schedule for performances on their website and couldn't find it. When we initially arrived, we were seated in a booth, but a column was blocking our view of the stage. The food was mediocre at best.  We decided to get the veal parmesan and a pork tenderloin dish with some risotto. We could have gotten something comparable to our dishes at an Olive Garden or cheap italian take-out restaurant. Both entrees were extremely bland and unseasoned.  The food is clearly secondary to the performances. 
The one notable highlight was our host. He was extremely pleasant but after we were seated, our meal and entertainment went downhill from there. We were disappointed by the lack of live entertainment throughout the meal especially when it is factored into the price we paid for our meal. Overall, a snooze fest indeed. Good night and good luck, Walnut Street Supper Club.My boyfriend took me here for our fourth anniversary and nothing could have impressed me more.  This place is the total package. A bit pricey but it's to be expected. The atmosphere is simply stunning visually. The food was delicious. I suggest getting the goat cheese appetizer. The sauce complements it perfectly and the dish melts in your mouth. I still dream about it. To top it off, the staff are so nice and they sing cabaret style onstage. The manager was even so nice when we arrived to ask if we celebrating anything special. Later on one of the beautifully voiced singer-waitresses dedicated Ella Fitzgerald's "At Last" to us. it was a wonderful place.Although not perfect, I found this place charming. The ambiance is lovely, the food was decent and reasonably priced and the manager was terrific. Not only was he attentive, friendly and professional, he offered to buy our table a round of after dinner drinks, because it was my brother's birthday, and there were a few snafus during dinner.
For one, the server, who struck me as inexperienced, spilled my niece's soda, and didn't bring her another one. My brother had to ask the manager. The server also stood off to one side of the table when taking our orders, instead of going around the table and approaching each of us, and we had to shout to be heard above the music. I finally asked her to come closer so that I didn't have to yell my order. She also gave my sister-in-law a steak knife but forgot to bring one for my brother, who was also have steak; she neglected to bring extra plates for dishes we were sharing, etc. (I really think that she was more focused on singing than table service. She did have a beautiful voice.)
As for the food, I ordered the lobster ravioli, and it tasted fishy. My sister-in-law's steak was lukewarm and when we asked for butter for our bread, we got a plate of those foil-wrapped pats that you get in diners, and they were almost frozen. Meanwhile, everyone else said their meals were delicious.
To give credit where it's due, the place is new and they need to iron out the kinks. But overall, I found this to be a most enjoyable evening out.UNfortunately, I did not love my time at WSSC, and I should know I was there for two hours. The singing was ok, although the TVS are horrible quality and I  hand to contort my body to look at the stage. The food was really sub par. I had a chicken dish that really would have been better at olive garden. Ew. The service is verrrrry slow. No thank ya.Delicious food at ridiculously reasonable prices. Definitely try the antipasto plate. Great music, but for a 40's supper club, they should focus on only old-school music and skip the 80's acoustic music; ruins the ambience. All of the singers are incredibly talented, but would prefer to hear only the Great American Songbook and skip Elton John.Food was average, nothing special. The drinks, overpriced and small pours of wine. Having said that the service and entertainment were great. What really ruins this place? The owner/manager Ralph. Watching him scream at the staff all night long, and then come to our table to talk, and talk, and talk. He doesn't respect the people that work here. He told us they all are waiting for broadway but none of them will ever make it. Would I ever come here again? No.Disappointed. I was excited to try this restaurant because of the food and entertainment. The service was friendly; however, we had to wait for a long, long time to get fed. the food was ok but not blown away.This was the perfect birthday date! It's an old fashioned type atmosphere with a romantic vibe. There was live music throughout our lovely dinner. Gay friendly a major PLUS! We got amazing seats and our waiter made us feel so welcomed!
The food was average, but the service was excellent! The cost of the food is balanced out by the enthusiastic atmosphere and passionate performances. Great points with a date who enjoys broadway and show tunes!I was hoping for a 5 star experience for this Walnut Street establishment, but it fell short on many accounts.  I was being treated by a dear friend as a special thank you.  We were seated in the balcony, but in a part of the balcony that was near a service door.  I felt like I was in a glorified fire escape.  The waiter was delightful, but he was overwhelmed by the running up and down the steps to our table and the multi-tasking of singing and serving.  He forgot many of the extras like offering grated cheese or extra bread.  The food was average.  Over-cooked veal parmesan, veggies buried under the entree (?#!).  We felt rushed - as though we were in the way.  The performers were just 'okay.'  Nothing near to the quality of New York/London performers.  Amateur.  The pianist was talented, but he could have dressed it up a bit---especially to give the place an air of sophistication.  I will go back - but I will voice any dissatisfaction.  I was a guest at this visit, so kept my tongue silent.Came here on a very cold January night after having looked at the menu, walked past and decided we should return.
The styling is very nice, gave me a nice warm feeling as soon as we walked in from the cold.  Ther were a number of people at the bar as you walk in and waiters and waitresses flurrying about.  We got sat right away without a researvation (not that shocking because the place is pretty big).  They also had free coat check, which I always appreciate, and they didn't lose anything, hahah!
We were seated upstair, near a TV monitor.  I will say, the closed circuit system isn't the best.  You can't see faces, and the lighting and angle aren't flattering for anyone.  They should invest in a digital system, but I'm sure the cost associated would be significant.  Out waitress was Kim, very bouncy blonde who joked with us about how her singing is better than her waitressing skills.
The service overall was excellent, the GM even came over and checked on us, and all the tables around us, to see if we were enjoying ourselves.  I will say, seeing your server performing is fun, and there were a lot of employees who were quite good.
The food was also quite tasty.  We started with a pan fried goat cheese app, which Kim said was like a tuned up and extra delicious version of a mozzarella stick - it totally was!  I had a veal dish, and my boyfriend had tilapia.  They were both quite good, hot and nice sized portions.  Their Italian vegetables were a nothing too good, and I could have used a starch with mine, but otherwise I was very happy.  
Didn't have dessert but I'm sure it would have been tasty as well.  Overall, a great experience and I will be back again, but I'll be sure to ask to sit downstairs by the stage.What a happy surprise! Loved the singing waitstaff (they were very cordial & professional too - talent AND personality) ... we felt welcome from the moment we walked in. Food was good, but the atmosphere and comfort level of the place is what we felt raised it up to now being a favorite restaurant that we're telling everyone about! For Sunday night in center city it wasn't over-crowded and service was prompt; when there was even a small delay, someone came over to let us know it would just be a minute. The owner (?) is a charming man who made us feel like we were honored guests. A place that really appreciates and values its patrons - what a nice old-fashioned treat!I had such a good time! The food was excellent. good portions. dessert was worth it too. the entertainment was my favorite part. it was really an evening out, not just dinner.Great steak, and amazing appetizers. 
The atmosphere is very nice, and the entertainment is fun.
Would definitely go again.This place is great! I went with a friend while visiting Philly, and the hotel concierge recommended this place. The food was great, the drinks were delicious, and the restaurant owner is such a nice guy! He sat with us and chatted for a while. I will definitely go back to this place next time I'm in the area.It was the Boo's birthday weekend so it was all about him. Or, better yet, it was everything I wanted to do, but on my dime. I wanted to check this place out before our dinner at Amada. It seemed like a very date-y place and the perfect excuse to go. We did not eat and sat at the bar. We arrived about 6pm and there were plenty of seats. The bartender Megan was VERY nice, and we found out later, very talented. Cute concept.Rat packy design. Old school glamour. All of the front of the house staff perform. It is a place you go to once, maybe twice, but not a regular destination. It's an event type night. I have no idea what the food was like, but they show the performances on the TVs behind the bar so you don't miss anything. 
I love that the FOH staff can combine performing and paying their bills at the same time. In all my years of bartending, I have come across so many talented coworkers that hustled in the F&B biz so they could chase their dreams. Here, they can kill 2 birds with one stone. 
If I wanted to go again, it will be sans BF. Show tunes and whatnot are not his favorite things. He was a good sport. After all, it was all about him, right? hahah
Of course, drinks were expensive. I'm sure that building has a high rent. Again, not a normal hang, but somewhere you should go at least once. Perfect for Mothers Day, birthdays, celebrations of any kind. I also saw some young kids loving it. Family friendly fun plus booze and food.So Cool! I loved the great staff and service. My friend and I were out on the town and had a great first experience. We were seated right away at a lovely table, greeted really warmly by our waiter and was given great recommendations for our meals. 
I hadnt expected the live entertainment but was pleasantly surprised by 5/6 performances. Amazing voices and all different from each other. 
I enjoyed the food sooo much! I had a stuffed chicken on an amazing red-pesto sauce. yummm! I later sent my parents and they reported only having a great experince wonderful food! Worth splurging for the night !!!The "new" Walnut Street Supper Clubwas the chosen location for a friends birthday dinner. I had been here several years ago, when it was Portofino Italian Restaurant . This place is hit or miss. The food is good, but not acceptional . The waitstaff also performs with a live band , which is a great idea , however, the music is so loud that it was difficult to hear my dining companions . In addition, our waitress was a great singer, but no so stellar in the waitress department . We arrived on time, and had to wait over an hour for our food to arrive. We noticed that not much food was leaving the kitchen , so it seems that everyone was hungarily waiting. Our waitress did not come over even once in that time to apologize, explain the situation, or bring us any additional bread. By the time the food came, we were all ravenous - which is not the best way to enjoy a meal . In a foody town like Philadelphia, you've got to do better in terms of food and especially, customer service.Food was good. Atmosphere was good. Would definitely go again. The only problem was there was no music to be had when we were there. We had a reservation at 5pm on a Sunday so it was only me and my girlfriend in the restaurant at the time. If you want live music make a later reservation or go later. Otherwise it was a good time and it was a unique experience.Apparently reservations mean nothing at the Walnut Street Supper Club. We had a 7pm reservation for Saturday night and didn't end up getting a table until 7:40. Have they never served a Saturday crowd before? The entire staff was running around like chickens with their heads cut off, we hardly saw our waiter at all. 
The food was average at best, the manicotti was dry and no better than Olive Garden quality (not great). 
Way overpriced for the quality of food.
The singers were as entertaining as a high school drama club, and their songs were not even from the time period advertised. The website says the music will be from the 20s-60s, and we heard Celine Dion, Wicked, Elton John, and almost entirely contemporary music. Very disappointing. 
Will not be returning, not at all worth the $100+ bill.I was terribly disappointed. We went on a Wednesday night, my birthday. 
The site reads: "Step back in time and hear the songs made famous by the great crooners -  Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Sara Vaughn, Eartha Kitt and Nat King Cole to name just a few.  Songs will range from the 1920's to the 1960's." What we got? Eric Clapton, Christina Aquilera, The Weather Girls, and something from "Shrek"? The only song that was even close was a Gershwin, which I did quite enjoy! Everything else was 80s-current pop crud. We were there from 8:30-10:30, and I would say the music was only about 20 mins max, despite all sources saying it was supposed to go until 11.
That being said, the staff was EXCELLENT. The people, the ambiance, and the pan-seared goat cheese appetizer were the only things attempting to salvage the evening for me. The wild mushroom ensemble appetizer was also decent. For the main dishes, we had the lobster ravioli and the fettuccini alla vodka. For Italian fare, they were horribly light on the cheese and flavor. The different consistencies were the only hints that I was eating something. Also, the waitress asked if I would like a "protein" with my fettuccini, so I assumed I'd read the menu wrong and added chicken. However, it came with Italian bacon ... so it already had a protein?
I ordered a "Rat Pack" Old Fashion. It was horrid, but seeing as how I have no idea what an old fashion should taste like, I'll allow that it's possibly exactly how it should taste.
Just a primarily disappointing experience. The menus were lovely, the room was lovely, our waitress Beth had a great voice. I would have loved to hear her sing something from the '40s! 
On leaving, virtually with tears in my eyes because my high hopes had been dashed to nothing, the host said he had a "gift" for me ... at which point he handed me a coupon. Really? Sigh. Never tell someone you have a gift and give them a lousy coupon. A gift card, sure? A coupon, notsomuch.
I debated writing this review, because everyone was so nice and I truly loved the idea of the place. But I was just so upset. This was supposed to be a wonderful birthday evening and it wound up so sad and depressing. They need to know that if they're touting crooners, they can't give the audience Clapton and expect repeat business ...
If I hear a friend say they went and got exactly the experience the site promises? I would most certainly return. Maybe I'd only order appetizers and wine, but I'd return!Went for the second time to this great place in the city after the show.
They have entertainment in the evenings presented by each of their employees. Cool the have your waiter sing on stage in between serving.
Prices are a little higher then just a place to eat but the food is worth a whole lot more.
All food served fresh and made right there.
We will go again when in the city.
:-)I absolutely adore this restaurant. I went here to celebrate mine and a friend's birthday with some mutual friends, and it was easily the best birthday dinner I've had in ages. We were treated like royalty. 
The service was just beyond spectacular, and I'll now request David as my server every time I go in there. Between the birthday shots by the piano, the emcee playing my song just for me, and the amazing food (I had the filet mignon and it was perfection), it was just the perfect night out.Wanut Street Supper Club is a good concept undone by extremely poor execution. I was part of a party of 10 celebrating a friend's birthday this past weekend (January 28), and we chose the Supper Club because we had friends working the bar and knew a few of the wait staff/singers through local theater groups.
Our reservation was at 8:15. We were seated around 8:20, ordered drinks by 8:30 but didn't get them until 9:15 (brought by someone who wasn't our server), ordered our food at 9:20, and *finally* were fed at 10:20. I can stand for slightly slower service on a busy night for a party of 10, but when it's a chore to even get your water glass refilled, there's a problem.
The food was...fine. I ordered Chicken Parmigania, which was gratefully not served over a huge helping of pasta; no matter how hungry the wait made me, I couldn't have finished more than they gave me. It wasn't the best chicken parm I've ever had, but it was good, with a light and crispy breading and a bright tomato sauce to compliment the pretty standard cheese.
The ambiance was nice; the entertainment was the only thing that kept us from freaking out over the slowness of service. The young man who emceed the evening, Jeremiah, was charming and talented, and the staff were almost all phenomenal when performing their individual numbers. Towards the end of the night, when many tables had emptied out, we were able to request some performers, including our friend from behind the bar. It really helped build up good will that they were very friendly to us after all that had happened.
Would I return to Walnut Street Supper Club, even though the service was among the slowest I've experienced and, when they were at the table, they were dropping saucy flatware on my friend's shirt? Believe it or not, yes. It's a young restaurant and overcomes many of its shortcomings with charm. In a few months, with time to hone the balance between entertainment value and decent service, the Supper Club could make for a great dinner destination in the heart of the city.I was pleasantly surprised with Walnut St Supper Club! I didn't know what to expect honestly because I felt like the reviews were all over the place. Specifically, the food shocked me most. I was expecting mediocre food and a decent show. However, I thought the food was very good. In a venue like this, usually places only focus on one aspect of the experience, but Walnut Street Supper Club has managed both successfully. I am a sucker for 50's style decor.
We ordered the mushroom ensemble which was a little rich but the risottos and mushroom were cooked very well and even the presentation was nice and clean. For my entree I ordered the braciole. The flavor was spot on, but it was a kind of cold in the middle which was a turn off. My fianc ordered the pappardelle which was billed as having truffle oil, but it was very hard to get that flavor from the dish. Overall though the dish was very pleasant. 
Our server Bianca was excellent... At both performing and being a server. As a whole, there wasn't one performance I didn't enjoy. The hostess was also on her game. The owner came around to all the tables to meet everyone which I thought was a nice touch. 
I would definitely suggest giving this place a try if you're looking to get out and try a different experience. Is it the best meal I've ever had? No. Is the absolute best performance I've ever seen? No. However, it is a very fun and unique experience that makes you want to drink dirty martinis, eat til you're stuffed and watch performances in an intimate setting which a rarity in this city. I could certainly see this as being a great place for a first date as well.I should start off by saying that I am not a fan of Broadway musicals and I ended up dining at this place because I had to get a reservation for 9 people by 8:00pm on a Friday night. That being said, it ended up being fine. Sorta.
When we first got to the place, our table was right next to the stage. This would have been alright if we were interested in interacting with the performing waiters and all that but like I said, we weren't. Management was very accommodating in moving us to a quieter section of the restaurant.
When my dad asked for a suggestion from the owner who stopped by our table, the guy launched into this monologue about pretty much every item on the menu. After the guy finished this long-winded, grating and totally unhelpful sales pitch, our really friendly young waiter took our orders and everything to follow was generally fine. 
No complaints about the food though clearly they're focused on the Broadway aspect of things.
To sum it up, if you're desperate this place isn't bad. If you like musicals this place would probably be awesome.We wanted to have a good dining experience before the snow storm hit.  We made a list of new places we hadn't tried yet but had heard a buzz about.  In the end, we decided to give Walnut Street Supper Club a try.  We were excited about the music and, from other reviews, the general food/dining experience...
Food/Drinks: 2.0 stars
What restaurant doesn't have a cocktail menu?!?  I asked for the menu and they said "we're working on that".  What?!?  I ordered my favorite drink (which can be a specialized drink)-- Dark N' Stormy.  In the end, after constant revisions and "we dont have this.... we don't have that" I ended up with a terrible cocktail.
Appetizers-- We ordered the Antipasto Platter.  We are huge meat and cheese platter fans and were excited to try the dish after reading the description on the menu.  The Antipasto Platter was just flat EMBARRASSING. Every vegetable on the plate was canned.  The meat and cheeses were scarce.  Horrible.
Entrees-- Going into the entrees, Walnut Street Supper Club was scoring a big fat Zero in this category.  We got the:
**CHICKEN MARCO POLO- A delicious chicken dish with spinach, prosciutto and mozzarella with a white wine sauce.  But still... you cant say Prosciutto and throw in a couple small strips of Prosciutto and highlight it as a feature of the dish.  Again, poor form but an overall good dish.
**NEW YORK STRIP STEAK-- The sauce is a peppercorn brandy cream sauce and I got the baked potato.  The steak was a good piece of meat and cooked well.  The baked potato was sorry.  Who just throws a whole baked potato on a plate without any work to transform it.  Especially for the dish that costs almost $30?!? I can get a more elevated potato at Wendys.
Service: 2.0 stars
I felt bad for our waitress.  She was so bad and so obviously inexperienced that we felt bad for her.  She was nervous and just couldn't get things right.  The GM popped up at our table at the most inopportune time to ask us how things were (mouths full in the middle of our meal).  They managed to spill just about everything on our table cloth which looked like abstract art by the end of the meal.  They never wiped the table down.  Overall, it was just embarassing.
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
The restaurant was surprisingly, no shockingly bigger than expected.  I almost wish it wasn't as big as it is.  It takes it from a cool throwback to the 1940s to almost a Chuck-E-Cheese feel.  The waiters and waitresses performing was great but they were singing modern songs in a 1940s Supper Club??  The piano player was very good but he took breaks every 5 songs... Really buddy?? You need that many breaks... I hope this isn't your full time job.  No one gets that many breaks in a real job.  Sack up and keep playing.   Overall, a good idea that just misses the overall mark.
Location: 4.0 stars
Can't beat being around the new 13th street.  A nice variety of places to go after dinner.
Price: 2.0 stars
For $50 per person, the food and drinks were not worth it.  If they are going basic with their food, they need to readjust their prices.  I'm not going to be so critical if I'm not paying high end prices for lower end food and drinks.
**Overall: 2.0 stars
I can't even rant anymore in this last paragraph.  I spilt my guts above.  Walnut Street Supper Club was a good idea that just didn't pan out.  I can't imagine they'll be able to maintain business enough to cover the likely astronomical cost of their restaurant space.  My bet... Walnut Street Supper Club will be closed within the year.Complete scam...Went there for an employee retirement dinner last night during the happy hour and it was our understanding that we would get the happy hour  1/2 drink prices at our table ($3 beer and $5 house wine) when we received our check they charged us the full amount for the drinks $12/glass of wine and $7 bottle of beer. I questioned the server about the happy hour prices and she told me very snotty that it clearly says that the happy hour prices are for the bar only. If we were told this to begin with our group would have walked 30 steps to the bar and saved ourselves the extra money. They changed us an extra $150 because of this issue.  I will not go back to this place on principle alone. If we weren't there the place would have otherwise been empty.Excellent food and fun live music.  I had a great time.  Hubby's dinner (ribs) were fall off the bone and delicious.  I had the chicken parm but with alfredo sauce instead of the red sauce.  SO GOOD.  They've done a very good job of getting the feel of a cool old place with modern amenities.  Well done, we look forward to going back and bringing friends and family.The food is sub-standard and the entertainment so-so.
Nice bar and atmosphere. Attentive wait staff.
The antipasto was nothing like the one pictured on this sight. It was completely bland. Hasn't the chef heard of salt and pepper? The salad was not dressed AT ALL!
Main dishes - same problem. No seasoning whatsoever. 
The entertainment was lead by an obnoxious "music director"/pianist. He played very well but only called up people to sing that he seemed to like. His monologues between songs were pitiful. There was some good singing, but it was inconsistent. One girl sang one song very well and then got up and completely bombed on her next selection. Some poor repertoire choices were clearly made. Lots of out of tune singing.
For the price we paid, the quality should have been much higher.
We won't be back.The food is very expensive for average tasting food. The menu is basic, uninspired, but if you're here, you're probably not coming for the food. The live entertainment is really fun, as ALL of the staff there sing. They take requests, and most of the songs are Broadway show tunes. I went on a weekend for dinner, and the place was nearly empty, even though most of the restaurants around it were full of people. The staff are very accommodating and nice, so worth a visit if you're here for a business trip and are looking for something a little different than Chili's or Applebee's.Got there over an hour and a half before (reservation) our show 2 blocks away and were told that we could only order an appetizer and a pasta dish due to time, but it was obviously because the kitchen was slammed. Place was full and they appear to have seatings and cook meals in waves instead of to order. This is not the place to go if you are going to an 8 o'clock show because 90% of the patrons are doing the same on a weekend night.  Entertainment is weak but they at least try. The whole restaurant appears to be trying to do something different or old school or who knows. The one thing they are not doing is taking care of the customers who actually come there to eat. Food was a solid 6/10. Three shrimp on the shrimp cocktail plate, a pretty weak serving of calamari, and the pasta dishes were nothing memorable. Don't eat with the masses near tourist spots. This is a prime example of a Once and Done.I really liked this place. It struck me as a throwback as I walked by a week ago, but walking inside I found that it's a great place to get a drink and dinner. The singing may feel gimicky, but it's actually a lot of fun, and made me want go stick around. The drinks are a little pricey (and that's compared to San Francisco), but the shrimp and scallops over linguine was quite good. I'll definitely be going back!The wait staff was very friendly and the singing element was fun.    
Had the Chef's Pork Tenderloin and was disappointed.   The meat was properly cooked but really lacked any flavor or seasoning.   
My wife had the Pasta Ala Vodka and said the same thing about lack of seasoning.   
I had the Marilyn Monroe beverage and enjoyed it very much.   
The food itself deserved only 2 stars but the welcoming staff and singing helped push it up a star.So I was thinking about Crashing the Yelp Elite event at the Capital grill when I spied the menu here. Sounded interesting so I figured what the heck, let's give it a try.
We hit them just as they were opening on Sunday at 4, so there was a little bit of a bumpy start as people located the bartender. My friend and I opted to sit at the bar so we had a view of the Walnut street foot traffic. Overall, the place is cozy and warm, and certainly pretty for date night. There are TV's everywhere to highlight the stage presentations, and yes, they can get loud.
Cocktails are $12 for a standard pour, so par with most places. I ordered the antipasti, the seafood martini, and the grilled squid. My friend ordered the Parmesan asparagus soup.
Service was attentive to be sure. I was surprised when small salt and pepper shakers were supplied by default. Not a bad thing, but in this day of celebrity chefs most of those big egos consider their food properly seasoned and a request for salt similar to kicking their dearly beloved in the groin. 
The soup was very good according to my guest. I'm not a big soup guy so I was glad to hear, as everything else we were served was downhill from there.
See my pictures to get a glimpse of these dishes:
The grilled calamari was like a poor man's grilled octopus. It wasn't chewy, but that was about the only redeeming factor. It was frankly bland, and the balsamic glaze too sweet with the wilted greens added for presentation. Had the greens been replaced by a bit of grilled raddichio, it would have worked, but as it was, it was simply meh.
The next disappointment was the antipasti. Three THIN slices of lunchmeat and three slices of provolone don't equate to an antipasti folks, no matter what you think. This was essentially a $10 salad. steamed mushrooms that tasted like cork, some beets, giardiniera diced up (clumsily), some chopped artichoke hearths, three slices of cucumber, a few tomato slices, some greens. Zzzzzzz.
The worst disappointment of the night was the seafood martini. On the menu it read as 'shrimp, crab, and scallops' presented in a martini glass. One of my favorite appetizers. The glob of seafood patty that arrived instead might as well have been a turd. I kid you not. This was a seafood 'cake' that looked like it had been served from a street cart. If there were scallops and shrimp in the brown pudding, they had been blended smooth into what really should have been billed as a croquet. It tasted better than it looked, but frankly that wasn't a hard accomplishment. What a disappointment.
With 75% of the dishes poor to middling, we decided to cut our losses and run. For two drinks each plus the above appetizers, the bill was $84.