Visited here last Sunday & really enjoyed the food  and live music!
The service was a little slow but the music def kept you distracted!
I ordered the chicken livers & gravy & a salad very yummy! (Asked for extra gravy)OMG.  We went last night for the all you can eat Crabs, and they were absolutely awful.  In fact, all of the food was vile.  The crabs were so small and all of the meat stuck to the shell.  So NOT worth the money.  I could have made my own crab legs for half the price and they would have actually tasted good.  AWFUL AWFUL AWFULOk Comedy on Monday Nights was soooo good. I had the appetizer sampler I posted a picture, more than enough food to share. We had no idea it was that big but it was delicious, especially the cat fish and corn bread. But get there early or make reservations for the shows because it gets packed and you end up paying to stand and watch a show. Great for the nice summer nights, and contrary to other peoples opinion, I like the new locations, more parking right by the movie theater, so you can get drinks before or after watching a movie and its right off the highway. I frequented this venue over the summer and have no complaints.Me and my girlfriend just went tonight and horrible time because it was overpriced for average food and and very loud the good things was that the service was good and the food came out fast but we will give it one more try for the buffetWarmdaddy's is the number one soulfood restaurant in Philly.  A bit pricey, but the service is always excellent and the food is amazing.  I make it a point to come here at least a few times a year.  The portions are very generous and the live music makes it a memorable dining experience.  Parking is ample as well.  There's also the option of having meals outdoors, either the patio or the rooftop (beautiful view of Philly) - no cover charge for outdoor dining.The food is good.  But don't expect good service.  My husband and I went there for a Friday night dinner. We were seated outside due to the wait time. This suited us just fine since the music was too loud and over powering for me.  Once seated however the wait staff forgot about us.  I had to go and find our waitress just so she could come get our drink orders. At this point we knew what we wanted. Our order took so long that our appetizers and meals came out at the same time. Some sides never made it out. The wait for the check and even to pay was even more painful.  
I might order take out but never dine in again.If for nothing else... I give them a five for the cornbread. I consider Warm Daddy's to be a Philadelphia treasure! Local talents are amazing, the cost atmosphere makes it feel like a speak easy or smoky jazz club. It's nice to feel like a part of a community.Awesome southern comfort food in the heart of Old City. The management here is great and they make you feel welcome. They have live blues music on the weekend and that helps make the atmosphere really chill. The food was excellent: chicken and waffles, gumbo, fried catfish, mashed potatoes, collard greens and candied yams. They also serve some strong mixed drinks, which are very, very good. The service was very attentive and accomodating, I highly recommend it for a fun night out.Warmdaddy's is one of my favorite places to go to for dinner in Philly. The vibe is very warm and calm. Try to go after 6 so that you can hear live music as you eat. Cornbread is a yummy starter for dinner. Definitely recommend the fried chicken for a meal.Pretty chilled spot of warm hearted black folk. Not sure about the area... I ubered!!!! My server is the bomb!!! Her name is Brittany and she is real and she rocks!!! I ordered the fried chicken salad and the Carolina rum punch and shit was tasty!!!!!This place has a specific attitude.  It's a cool go with the flow place.  So sometimes your order may take a while or you won't be served right away.  This is most likely because the place is always packed.  Make reservations AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE.  Luckily while you wait you'll be able to listen to fantastic music while you sit.  The food is across the broad good.  Never had a bad plate.  If you want a chill night.  This is your place.I've been to Warmdaddy's a few times.  I always return hoping for a great experience and leave slightly disappointed. The service is slow and disorganized, the servers don't seem to have an assigned area which means your likely to get neglected.  I love New Orleans/Cajun/Southern style food but the food at WDs is mediocre at best.  On a positive side, the corn bread is great, the drinks are good and the performances are always fun.My boyfriend and I were visiting Philly for a few days and came here on a Thursday night (8/23/18). It was a little after 10pm and we were told the kitchen closes at 10 on Thursdays. We understood but still wanted to get some drinks since we'd heard good things about this place. We were told the rooftop bar was open so we went upstairs and it was a nice vibe. We appreciated the DJ playing actual vinyls of soul classics. We were standing at the bar near the door getting ready to order when a women working there came over and said it's a $5 cover. We paid only to not make a scene but if it was a $5 cover why wasn't there someone manning the door and why wasn't it specifically stated when we first came in and were told about the bar? We ordered two drinks, a margarita ($12) and a honey jar ($10). Overpriced? Yes. However, we're from New York where these are standard prices and we also wanted to patronize a black owned business. My boyfriend ordered the drinks which should have been $22 without tip but when he got the bill the total was $28, this is without tax or a tip. They overcharged for both the drinks. He chose not to make a scene, but this was pretty frustrating. We were considering revisiting another day to have brunch here but after this experience we will not be. The only reason they are getting 2 stars is because the drinks were fairly good (even though they were a bit small).I would like to have been able to rate the food however we never were seated and walked out in disgust. We were in town visiting from Baltimore for my birthday weekend. I looked the place up and called to find out if a certain football game was on there she stated yes and to come down. We got there only to find the wait was going to be pretty lengthy. We didnt mind. The person at the front told us 2 hours and took our names. So we stayed indoors for a while, walked around and sat in the car. We came back an hour and 45 min later. Someone who I could only assume was a manager proceeded to tell us he didnt have any space. We stated we gave our name and the waiter told us a table would be ready. This guy just weakly apologized and stated "I'm sorry but he should have said we MAY be able to seat you." WHAT?!?? After having us wait two hours you dont say MAYBE we can seat you. We could have left to eat somewhere else. He apologized again but did not seem sincere. 
I understand if you have a heavy RSVP day planned but this needs to be communicated to your STAFF. Had when I called I had been told, we wouldnt have came. Had we been told when we ARRIVED, we would not have waited TWO HOURS to just look like idiots waiting in the front of the store.
Never again.Amazin Grace was terrific as the atmosphere is always at Warmdaddy's which draws you in for what is expected to be a soulful evening. However looks are deceiving there service & food they could have kept it. To think if your going to charge a 15 dollar cover you would hope that the establishment  would enforce a dress code & the show would start on time. The food suck & the waiter gave my entire place setting to another table after coming over twice unprepared and unable to serve us.  Although management did there best to many bad highlights to rationally find a good time at this dump. The Roots must be performing before I give a thought of spending any time or money at this so called Philadelphia establishment.Great food big portion. Great place to have a party. They place music while you eat. Have a band. Awesome seafood platter. My wife and I ate here with a few other couples before the Kevin hart show. It was a great time and event.After nearly three years since last visiting this establishment, I decided to come in on a Sunday afternoon while visiting Philly.  The service was pretty good, our server was very attentive and caring. In addition, I love the fact that the GM came around to make sure everything was ok. My dinner which consisted of fall apart short ribs, collard greens and sweet potatoes was delicious and hearty. My other two companions had fried chicken and waffles (chicken was succulent and fried to perfection); and the other had Jambalaya (I have tasted better Jambalaya, I suggest eating this dish at Nola's ). Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.I am so happy that we tried warmdaddy's restaurant the weekend of labor day. Tashawwa I believe that her name did a great job with serving us. Now the food we went for jazz sun brunch and the food was d y n a m i t e . The made to order waffles and omellette were very good money well spent. I will return.The ambiance, service, food, drinks and entertainment were just plain and simply put, outstanding. I was visiting from DC and wanted to experience Phillies music and food scene, and WarmDaddies didn't disappoint. Amazing Grace put on a dynamite show. I had the cornbread, Mac, yams, and catfish...two thumbs up on everything. And the parking situation was stupid easy. I'll be making this a regular venue whenever I'm in town. Awesome vibeThe food is awesome! Not to mention, they have really good live music! The service is really relaxed and inviting. They make you feel at home while your mouth and ears are dazzled!Visited there last night while on a business trip to Philly. The comedy show was the bomb, food was outstanding and service was excellent! Great experience. Good job from Detroit!We had an outstanding time!!  Jeff Bradshaw performed.  The food was outstanding!!!  We were very pleased.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service towards the end of the evening was a little sketchy.  I really liked our server Lamar, but I think he had too many tables to wait on.  They probably could use a little extra help on a Saturday night.  Either way, we left pleased and full.Did Sunday brunch here and had an amazing time. The food was exceptional and the live band was engaging and talented. Can't wait to go back!Go for the music, not the food! Ordered gumbo, turkey chili, cornbread and greens. Should have stuck with just cornbread and greens! Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Music was awesome!!This used to be a very nice restaurant, food used to be good. so I recently visited September 6, 2015. My experience was not good at all! We sat outside, all the tables were dirty, no utensils on the table, no napkins, our server was inexperienced , the hostess had to come out and clean the tables. He was  noticeably tired and very slow, so I helped him. Not a joke. Food was disappointing to say the least and not hot . needless to say I will never frequent this restaurant again . I used to enjoy this restaurant in early days , but my recent visits have been disappointing.I went this past weekend on a whim due to needing to past time before a movie starting at the theater next door. They rushed my order still the food was excellent. I suggest the crab mac and cheese. Great drinks as well. Beautiful people great servers and wonderful music adding to the soulful ambiance. I wanted to go back next day but they are closed on Monday's. I will be back definitely.I went for brunch on Sunday morning. The food was good, some better then others but the music was too loud. The singer was amazing but it was so loud you couldn't barely hear each otherThis place is honestly overrated. I tried the cabbage and collard greens, the corn, candied yams and their famous corn bread. Their corn bread is actually good. However, I wasn't a fan of their cabbage and collard greens mix. The service was okay. My server was the bartender and I asked him for a glass of water which he never got, I asked for a to go container and the container received was dirty with marks on the inside. I decided at this point I was ready to go. I asked the host for my. Check bc my server was MIA, I get the check and there's already a gratuity added which I was not for bc my server did nothing to receive a tip! The manager was nice enough to get ride of it for me. I will not be coming back here again. The music helped which is why I gave it 3 stars!Terrible customer service but most importantly quality of food was horrible.  Management isn't very considerate with taking care of customers when service is lacking and if you have a big party consider a different location unless your ok touching elbows...Went here with my family the Saturday before Fathers Day. Service was horrendous from the jump, from the hostess who wouldn't have cared if we stayed or left to the waiter who was overly agitated for no reason. The waiter was annoyed that my father had basic questions about what was in an entree and if he could have cucumber in his water. He actually raised his voice and spoke sternly.  We should've left then. We did not and we paid the price: average food, a rude and inattentive waiter, and a mandatory 18% tip for our party of 5. I love supporting and believe in supporting black business, but I will never be back to this establishment. It's a shame because Turae's comedy show is nice and he supplies excellent customer service.Utterly disappointed!!! I have been here several times, however, this is the first time I decided to celebrate my birthday here. I invited my family out to have a birthday brunch and everything went wrong. When we arrived they were just setting up and we had to wait for like 30 minutes (after our reservation time) to get seated! Irked!! I watched as they moved tables around and then they seated some people that came in after us. Irked again!! Next, they made some make shift table in the middle of the floor. It was cold and people were walking by and bumping into our table. I told the hostess that I wanted to sit against the wall and she said All those tables were taken. WTF? Im beyond irked at this point. She was rude and tried to be smart and said, Oh, you wanna talk to a manager? I said yes and then the manager came over and was absolutely no help. She said I should have said I wanted to be seated on the wall when I made the reservations! How the F am I supposed to know that when I got there they would put me at some make shift table in the middle of the frickin floor? They completely ruined my Family Birthday Brunch. My Mom was sooo upset she made my family get out of the brunch line so that we could leave!! The manager did not provide any type of customer service, she was basically like take this table or leave. Sooo we left and went somewhere that actually knows what customer service is... SMDH! Never again!Went for Sunday Brunch - Food was good, basic brunch item Waffles, French Toast, Bacon, made to order Omelettes with a variety of Soul Food; Collard Greens, Mac and Cheese, Yams, Fried Fish, Cornbread, etc. I appreciate the food was prepared free of pork and not overly seasoned. 
I really went for the live music and they didn't disappoint, MUSIC WAS GREAT!!! 
Live Band with a Male Singer, that did covers of R&B, mostly artists from Philadelphia but his Teddy Pendergrass covers were THEE BEST!!! He embodied the spirit of TP and made each song his own...The Sound of Philadelphia in Philly on a Sunday Afternoon - is alright with me!! 
Will go back on a Friday or Saturday for dinner to see if the food is REALLY good!The food was amazing! The wait time was about 30-40 mins on a Tuesday evening. It wasn't a problem because I helped myself to the bar in the meantime. The complimentary cornbread starter was arguably the best cornbread I ever had! It was so warm, moist and soft & came in a skillet. I ordered the jambalaya w/ cheese grits & candy yams. It was ALOT of food so I took a majority of it home to eat the next day. I definitely will return.Now, listen. I came here on a Friday night with some girlfriends. I know Patty Jackson is in the building tonight, but the service was absolutely atrocious. We've waited over 2 hours for our food, and then, when we got it, the check was completely wrong. Thank goodness for BRIAN G., who made sure we were as comfortable as possible. Seriously, give that dude a raise. Everyone else upstairs on the deck, was absolutely terrible. Fire them and salt the Earth afterward. So much nope.The food and band on point! Please try the tex mex rolls!!!Nice place to be with friends and family people, great sever awesome
Music is fun fin. What else to say? You have to see for yourself!!!The food is ok.... if you like your food luke-warm. The food quality over the years has drastically diminished which is sad, bc i used to tell everyone to come here for dinner. The service is ok, i mean the servers try as best as they can; but the quality of the food that comes out of the kitchen is not their fault. We ordered our drinks, soup and entrees, and somehow our entrees came out in 15 minutes! No drinks (i ordered iced tea), no soup (gumbo), no cornbread, no silverware. Super backwards. Then my entire entree was cold! The mashed potatoes were clearly ice cream scooped out from an old batch and was not even warm; just cold. The green beans were room temp. My short ribs were room temp. Then when my gumbo finally did come out, that was room temp. I don't know how other people eat, but generally when i order food, i expect it to come out hot... or is that not normal? They took my entree back & brought it out in a matter of 5 minutes. So that tells me that their food is all made in the morning or night before & plated as ordered. Bc it should have taken at least another 40 min to bring out a fresh plate with my entree, not 5 minutes after sending it back. And yes...they still made us pay full price. Now i remembered why i haven't come back here in so long, but i stupidly figured i would give this place another try. (Oh it's been 30 min & we're still sitting here waiting to pay. I'm writing this as I'm waiting for my credit card to come back on a full priced check for an incredibly sub par meal. I'm disappointed with how badly this place has gone down.Nice place for a group. Delicious food, nice soulful music and great service. For a more intimate feel I like "Relish", which has the same owners. One of my favorite places to eat out....hands downCome hungry and go with the fried chicken platter with sides of your choice. Mac and cheese is great but a little pricey For a separate side. Service can be sluggish but all and all the food makes the wait worth it. Check out their website for different daily entertainment options. Sunday evening is the best night with live music and buffet. Comfort food for the soul!We had a wonderful time. A bargain to say the least!  Our server Shannon was wonderful and attentive. The music was fantastic. We danced our way out the door. A very energetic restaurant.  I highly recommend giving it a try.Warmdaddy's should change their name to COLDdaddy's. I ate here on Saturday. I ordered the BBQ Salmon, collard greens, black-eyed peas and cornbread- all of which were served ICE COLD. The best thing about Warmdaddy's is the entertainment. They have a singer called "Amazing Grace", and well.... she's AMAZING.Got to Warmdaddys early for happy hour as we wanted to see the band. As part of happy hour there's a free buffet. It sounds good, right? Good if you like frozen mixed vegetables, rice and scary looking chicken that didn't seem hot. We decided to head upstairs to the deck and luckily snag two seats at the bar. It's then that we see it. There is NO sink with hot running water. They are cleaning the glasses by dunking them in three separate buckets. So EVERY person's germs before you have been included in the buckets. HOW CAN THIS BE ALLOWED BY THE BOARD OF HEALTH????  Absolutely disgusting.
The Mac and cheese appetizer was by far the best. Cheesy, hot and delicious . The spicy shrimp was fried with a nice dipping sauce.
They hit us all for a 20 dollar entertainment fee - but the band Big James and the Chicago Playboys was worth it. 
For dinner my lady had the short ribs and I had the fried chicken all white meat (2 dollar up charge). She thought short ribs were ok. The fried chicken was good. Huge chicken breasts and wings and very tasty. Sides of mashed potatoes and string beans were terrible. 
Everyone loved the cornbread. 
Service upstairs was HORRIBLE. Getting a drink at the bar took forever. Downstairs the food runners screwed up who gets what (I don't need the waitress to deliver the food IF the runners get it right). She did a fair job overall. 
Still, I can't get that glass sanitation method out of my head. Luckily, we didn't get sick as of this morning at 8AM.
Dropped way too much money for what we got.I too dined at Wamdaddy's last night. I'm an incredibly understanding person when it comes to service related jobs but given Warmdaddy's history of being a busy spot, I would have expected that management would have a better game plan for busy nights. I waited long for my drink but not as long as my friends. I ordered one small, simple appetizer to eat which never came because the waitress never ordered it. The rooftop's host, Brian, went above and beyond by personally going to find my food and making sure it was brought to me. I did, however, also have to ask for a box because it was time to leave. 
Management, I blame you. Get it together!Live music and good food.  Tuesday all you can eat crab legs was delicious.  I would recommend it as a date night or just hanging with friends.The food was fantastic. I had the Braised Turkey Wings and my boyfriend had the Calipso Chicken Sandwich. Definitely get the mac and cheese, it's probably the best I've ever had. Our server Trisha was very gracious and helpful. I'll definitely go back!Overrated I must say. I've been here twice now, once for a networking event which was advertised as not having a cover and when a friend and I arrived we had to explain over and over to the door person what group we were with and that we were just there to network around the bar. 
On my second experience I came here with the same friend for dinner on a Sunday evening and while the place was pretty empty they insisted on squeezing us in a drab corner. Strike one
Our server was also pretty incompetent and slow moving our entire dinner. She also forgot my friend's cornbread and we had to remind her several times. Strike two.
I also find it ridiculous that a soul food resturant does NOT have baked macaroni and cheese as a side dish. While I know it is a popular item and it can be expensive to make, you all charge enough for your entrees so it is not an unreasonable request. Why should I have to pay an additonal $10 for baked mac & cheese as a appetizer when I just want it as a side portion. Strike three. 
I may go back but it will take some convincing.OMG THE FOOD WAS AMAZING! It was really good southern food! The corn bread they give you is the best I have eaten and I have went to plenty of soul food restaurants. It didn't take long for a waiter to come and serve us and the music they play while your eating inside was really nice. The only thing I didn't like is that they have seats right in front of the speaker which almost made me and by friends death... lol. BUT overall I would give this restaurant more than 5 STARS! Outstanding food :DLet's start by saying, I do appreciate since the move from Front St-I am happy because parking is better, but that's about all.   It's amazing that this place is still in business because the food is average and the service is consistently poor.  It may be in part because it is one of the few place that showcase live music of African-American artists.  
I have been here many times, usually at the urging of others, and each time I am hopeful it will be a better experience, but sadly it ends up being more disappointing than the last visit.  This establishment has been in business for many years and I suspect they will continue to stay in business, I just hope that they commit to improving the customer service, it would greatly enhance the experience of the diner.Come for the music, not the food.  I came with a large-ish group (we had a whole corner reserved) and it seems, like it's sister restaurant Zanzibar blue, that the menu choices for warmdaddy's are hit and miss.  My companions who got the turkey chop were very happy, while I was stuck with what can be called a "glob" of honey fried chicken.  The chicken was was bland and dry and the skin was sticky  and not crisp and had nooooooo flavor.  The sides were ok but forgettable.
The music however was good.  And that should be the draw.  Don't expect to talk, though, the sound system is way too loud for thatWe had a party of 20. Our order was mixed up the staff was bringing food from other tables.  When the food finally came out it was cold.  We was not satisfied at all. Smh Horrible Customer Service.  The manager actually told us he couldnt accommodate us for desert. Because they close to an hour to bring out our food.  And he had anothet party coming in.Though the food has always been decent, I have always had an issue with the service. On the roof deck during happy hour, I'm told there are some 200 patrons, but there are only 2 waitresses and one bartender! How could you possibly be successful with so little staff? To top it off, we waited 30 minutes for a drink, and over 2 hours for an appetizer that my waitress NEVER ORDERED. While the restaurant itself is lovely, they need to do a whole lot better servicing their patrons if they expect anyone to want to come back. The only reason we were patient was because our hostess, Brian G, tried his absolute best to make us happy. He is great and you should be thanking him because otherwise we would have left.I'm from New York. I visited Warmdaddy's while here in Philly for a girl's weekend. The atmosphere is cozy, the food is delicious and Amazing Grace is OFF THE HOOK. Omg she is a great singer and performer and she can get the crowd hype. Even tho the crowd was dry. What's up with that Philly??? Grace...come to New York with that fly ass voice and you will get it popping all night.Just had the most horrible experience ever!!!! So the appetizers came out hot and fresh but when I got my angus rib eye long and behold a long hair- black at the tip and gray at the bottom. So when I finally found the waitress that was nowhere to be found for 20mins I informed her about the hair in my steak and she said Okay. I was like umm ok? Can you please take this off the check I'm so disgusted I pulled the hair out my mouth from a piece that I ate. The manager came over and of course apologized for the incident in which the waitress Shana did not and offered another meal. After the manager left we saw a girl with a Long gray ponytail come out the bathroom and go in the kitchen with a hat no hair net, not saying it was her but looked kind of suspicious since she gave us our appetizers earlier on. I was so disgusted and so I declined to take anything home. Funny thing is the waitress brought the check and apologized. So I'm like really you waited all that time and said something when tip time came. Needless to say her TIP WAS OKAY. It's crazy how now a days customer service is. The manager was super nice and came by with drink and appetizer coupons which I gave to my mom. HOW I FEEL RIGHT NOW I WONT BE BACK OR RECOMMEND A FRIEND and for me being a foodie that is rare. I just keep thinking about pulling that hair out my mouth and waitress Shana saying Okay to me that felt like what it want me to do. Anyways glad we celebrated you guys birthday ; something told me to stick to my favorite soul food restaurant SOUTHERN BLUES IN BALTIMORE,MD that never let us down smhAttended the Paint Out Loud Event. My friend and I request a server several times to place an order but no one came over for an hour. It seemed like the servers were focused on the opposite side of the room. After an hour, someone that looked like the mgr. came over to take our order but had the nerve to came back with a bill. He also tried to charge us full price for appetizers that were half price before 8 pm. My friend explained that we arrived 1/2 hour prior and waiting an hour for service. The waitress kindly adjusted our bill. I felt that whole bill should of been on them since it took an hour to serve us. Can't give a review on the food because it was too late order by the time they served us. Warmdaddy's really need to do better.Is Warmdaddy's first name Luke? 
Here's the short of it: Good food / Shiesty service + Questionable, unspecified, inconsistent gratuity application = Not a good experience.
For those of you who love a food service novella :) please read on:
After years of hearing good things about the jazz and food and such, I finally made my first visit ever for Monday night's "Gospel Mondaze" night, a celebration showcasing local musicians and spoken word artists. One of my friends was performing so I was fine with paying the $15 cover charge. 
Our server stopped by shortly after we sat down. First impressions people. This was one of those interactions where the person possesses a cheerful voice, yet the demeanor was less than cheerful and more like, oh-my-god-all-these-people-ugh. Audibly sighing and shifting while we asked for waters didn't make for a great start. 
Taking 5+ minutes to bring 3 waters didn't make it any better. 
Important sidenote: We, party of 3, asked for separate checks and were seated at 2 separate tables. We were later joined by a friend who brought our party total to, you guessed it, 4. FOUR.
My tablemate ordered an entree and I ordered a catfish po' boy. The menu clearly stated that "Warmdaddy's Entrees come with your choice of any two side dishes and one skillet of fresh made cornbread for the table to share."
Our friend at the other table also ordered an entree so I don't know why our server was surprised when we asked about the other mini-skillet of cornbread. Did I mention it was gospel night and dinner time? I'm pointing this out 'cause this gets to the root of understanding and being willing to serve thine audience. I'm not fidna get all preachy (well maybe a little) but when people come out to praise the Lord AND eat CORNBREAD of all things, you cannot be half-steppin'.
This marks the first time our server verbally got a li'l snappy. When our friend at the separate table inquired about her cornbread, we all got, "Oh, well this is for you all to share." But we're at 2 separate tables and we ordered 2 separate entrees and the menu says ... 
Fine, she snapped, and a few minutes later our friend got her own skillet. It wasn't thrown at her, but it was dropped in a very so-there, thuddish kind of way.  It took another 2-3 minutes before she could get a plate upon which to partake of the said cornbread, but bygones ...  
Meanwhile the show started, and I could not help but notice that there was a speaker cracklin' more than my cornbread. For an establishment that regularly promotes music and food and atmosphere, there is no reason to have a busted speaker snapping and popping during performances. 
So my food came, my tablemate got hers and our 4th party member--who ordered a good 10 minutes after ALL of us--got her food. The "can I have cornbread too?" member of our party got nothing ... not a "Your food will be out shortly," "There's a holdup on fried chicken," nothing ... 
... for, like, 10 minutes. The manager happens to stop by to ask us how we're doing. My friend gestures at the 3 of us who are eating and mentions that she, too, should be doing the same. The manager quickly assures her she'll check the status. Several minutes later our server arrives at our table and instead of leading off with an "I'm sorry for the delay," she firmly declares that this isn't her fault. 
Listen. Hungry people don't care whose fault it is; hungry paying customers just want to know when they're going to eat.
"No-tip" fearing servers don't roll their eyes and breeze away for a smoke break; they see what else they could get for you in the meantime while you wait ... even if it's nothing. They still offer. Not our server though. She went to smoke and brought the smoke cloud back with her minutes later to ask if we were okay in that voice that really cared less.
This server also brought out a stack of wet plates and drops them on our table with our checks and leaves us to dole them out ourselves. What can I do with a wet plate? Bump presentation at that point. Chile, boo. 
THEN we get to the most irksome part--they've added in the 18% gratuity. The 18% gratuity that the menu says will only be added for parties of 5 or more. We were FOUR. Then they TAXED the tip. Naw playa. Our hungry friend refused to pay the tip and rightfully so; the server nearly showed her tail and stomped off to get the manager. Needless to say, she didn't get her tip.
Warmdaddy's can pimp somebody else's wallet with that shady service and sly tip-wranglin'. I cannot abide and will not return.I visited Warmdaddy's last Friday, during my honeymoon stay in Philadelphia. We arrived around 9:30pm and were seated right away. Luckily, we arrived right before the band started their second set. The atmosphere was perfect for a romantic dinner. Dark lighting and great live music. The cornbread was excellent, but that's about all that I enjoyed. I ordered catfish, mashed potatoes and gravy, and candied yams. I was unimpressed by the soul food. My wife particularly enjoyed her BBQ salmon and peach cobbler.Went for the Sunday jazz brunch over the July 4th wknd. Music was great!  Would have liked more food options for the price paid.Iv been here about 3 times 2x dining in and once just for take out.
The cornbread is amazing. Iv had their ribs and tried their chicken meal. 
Don't ever get the potato salad its like neon yellow and not good The gumbo also looked liked canned soup so we passed on that dish but everything else Iv had there is good - string beans were fresh, cornbread, jerk chicken egg rolls, fried chicken, mac and cheese. I am mad that mac and cheese is not a side anymore and Im definitely not paying appetizer prices for it. They have a great happy hour on Wednesday and I love the live acts - there is a cover charge sometimes but I didnt pay one the last time I dined in. They have great drinks and the service is decent. When they get busy,service is a little all over the place but the food was too good for me to care lolI'd seen Warmdaddy's on a trip to Philly last year and decided that I'd give them a go since I was in the area.
Well, for starters; I was met with piss and vinegar in the form or an attitude by the individual who was the seating hostess. Her stern warning to me and my dining companion was that she'd seat us but we gotta be done eating by 5p. I'm like Whaaat? Chile please, I'm hungry and really not feeling your foolishness.
Seated in a not even half full restaurant and told to hurry up is not the way you encourage return patronage or greet first timers. This improved with the efforts of my server. She was on point, made solid suggestions and was very candid with us. For that I appreciate you.
I went with the turkey wings and they were tender and the serving is enough to share. I didn't care for the rice and potato salad that were sides. The corn bread is a feast for the eyes and was tasty.
Deliberately taking my own sweet time to finish my food, I went to the ladies room before hitting the road and enter to see the seating hostess doing her hair, clothes and boots strewn around the bathroom as if she were at home. I'm like really? You'd thinks she'd pick up some of her ish as she sees patrons trying to maneuver over her ish to wash their hands. Nope, she kept on styling her hair and playing her music.
It's tomfoolery like this that makes me not want to return and baffles me why people who don't want to be bothered seek jobs interacting with people.
Good concept of music playing (live on certain days) and multiple televisions on display. Located steps away from the movie theater so if interested you could make a reservation and hopefully won't be rushed.
Management, a evaluation of people and processes is deeply desired and required to prevent declining patronage.Warm daddy's is ok, not great not horrible just ok. I'll list the good first, we ordered the skillet Mac and cheese and it was delicious! Smooth, velvety, and the bread crumbs on top added a slight crunch. The skillet cornbread was also pretty good just a tad bit dry. My s/o ordered the salmon with a mango BBQ glaze which was delicious and I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was great! Now for the cons...as I've read in quite a few other reviews, the service is seriously lacking. We sat at the bar and the gentleman who was bartending was off in another world. The potato salad that both of us ordered was HORRIBLE...like ShopRite potato salad but with red and green peppers added?. To top that off the waffle (which is my favorite part of chicken and waffles) was hard and dry. Not to mention the candied yams I ordered as a side were lukewarm and the green beans my  s/o ordered were flat out cold. All in all it wasn't bad to the point that I'd never go back, but it certainly left a bad taste in my mouth from now. Next time I'll stick with my usual spots for my chicken and waffles and give warm daddy's a try for brunch.My friends took us to warm daddy's for my birthday. The live band was excellent.
Our waiter was great and the food was good.
It was a little close but you can still enjoy yourself with your friends.Does anyone know if they allow smoking on the rooftop bar here? I have been here before and really like the food, but am looking to sit on the roof this time and enjoy a cigar. Also how is the wait? If someone could let me know I would appreciate it!This place should be shut down for bad service. I took my cousin from DC there and the doorman was so unbelievably rude that it provided comic commentary for the rest of the night. I read with great interest those that were giving it high marks and drew the conclusion that extremely slow and obtuse service has become the norm for some. I hope their existence does not continue to add to the perception that Philly is not a friendly town. Join me in saying enough is enough by going somewhere else. No one should be subjected to such disrespect.I'd known of Warmdaddy's for years but never made my way there. What a mistake! The food is phenomenal, service incredibly kind and attentive, and the music great. We'll be back for sure, only next time we'll make a reservation.I finally went here with my wife last Saturday, and overall the place is nice and the waiter was very nice, but my food tasted like it was microwaved and it tasted too much like regular home food I was expecting different, and my mashed potatoes wasn't that hot and tasted a little bland, and we were annoyed because they ran out of peaches for the cobbler in the middle of a non busy Saturday, again the place is nice but I may not go here again!The food was just okay. We took my grandmother here for her birthday and it was average. The service was not great and the hostess was very unfriendly. I like to be greeted with a smile when I walk into any establishment. It should be required at all businesses to have someone who is friendly greeting your customers. I will probably never return.The food was awesome. There was also a live band and I LOVE live music; but it gets extremely loud so you won't have much conversation at your table. I used Open Table to make reservations. I strongly suggest you make reservations. Tonight was all you can eat crabs and two sides. Best surprise ever: the sides are all you can eat, too!This restaurant exciting and excellent. I went while on a mini vacation with my girls to a theme park and it was recommended from my father in love. We went and got a wonderful hostess that had told us the reservation list was full but we could eat if we was done with in an hour and half! That was fine it was just the four of us. We had half price appetizers since they have happy hour on Saturday from 2-4. We had Mac and cheese, cornbread, drinks and the two entree we got. The service was good by Tasha and the restaurant was relaxing and fun! Our food came hot and pretty! Eating with eyes! The restaurant is small but they have eating out side and up top that seems to be outside also. The ladies room was clean and had a attendant in it. Which she was so nice. The shopping center we is right and parking is around back unless you are handicapped. There is also a movie theater beside them so make it a date night!My friends and I went on a Saturday afternoon because I was recommended this place by a colleague. And let me just say this place shocked me beyond all belief. As soon as you walk into the restaurant, you are hit with amazing music and very beautiful paintings that embody the southern culture. Unfortunately, we couldn't hear the jazz band, but the ambiance in this place was incredible. Our waitress, Shannon was absolutely amazing and so helpful. The food came out extremely fast and it was amazing. Probably the best soul food that I have had in awhile. Not to mention the cornbread was heavenly.I went to Warmdaddy's for their  Friday happy hour  which is widely advertised.It did not live up to the hype. The happy hour is from 5 to 7 and was too low key for me.One because  from the radio you get the impression that Patty Jackson is there throughout happy hour and  she was not she appeared for about a half hour.The food  during happy hour was good but only three selections and you can only sit in the bar area which was kind of  tight. We were told if you sit in the dining area you cannot  partake of the happy hour buffet and you must order off the menu and leave by 7 because the area is reserved from that point .
My party did opt to  sit  in the dining area and order off the menu.This was my third visit and for me it's official Warmdaddy's food is just ok and the entertainment as well. If your in the area and just want to chill it's cool but I would not go out of my way to eat here.
If you do go get there before seven to avoid the cover charge which is too high for the average local bands they book.I'm giving it 3 stars because the ambiance and vibe you get alone from the live music band makes you feel warm and welcomed. The food was ok and I'll leave it at that. I've had some great soul food in my lifetime and I must say its "OK", but the crowd and good service makes up for the overall experience. Our drinks did seemed watered down like (sitting for awhile) It's a great place for a cute date night with your significant other. If you like jazz and blues or even comedy this is where the place to be!I did not want to give this place any stars. My family & I decided to try it out because of the great reviews & the pictures we saw on line. I called to reserve a table for 5 on Saturday afternoon since they only take reservations. I was told they were booked. So she told us to come in and sit by the bar. When we arrived the tables that were available was next to the restroom. The carpet was dirty and it smelled badly. They tried their best to accommodate us so they gave us a booth seat. Their booths need an upgrade. The table cloth was dirty, the table next to us was not clean & the seats were taped. We were not happy so we decided to leave. As we were getting up from our seats we saw a ROACH on the table!!!! We ran out of there so fast!!!! I told the hostesses. They both stood there with a dumb look on their face. This is not acceptable!!!! Please do not eat here!!!!! They need an exterminator ASAP!!!! I should have known something wasnt right when I saw the other restaurant next door was closed down & the movie theater next door look so old. My party of five decided to eat at the Cheesecake Factory instead.....lolThe corn bread alone is worth the trip. We ate in the upstairs outdoor area and I was pleasantly surprised by the ambience. Music playing from my high school/college days (early to mid 2000's) had me in a full blown karokee situation at the table. Visit this black owned business and support. 
Side Notes: Drinks are good but weak.Service was extremely slow. The food portions were extremely small...but the food was good. Do not come unless u like waiting forever when its not busy. Smhfour stars based SOLEY off the band.. otherwise a 2.5/3
Our reservations were for 1pm. We arrived at 12:45, the dinning room was full, some empty tables here and there.. but the lady said they would seat us closer to 1pm. Which was cool, UNTIL, more people began walking in, and walking in, and then it was crowd. Now you have people leaving the dinning room, walking thorugh the crowd of people standing, waiting to be seated. The brunch on sundays is served buffet style, BUT they had not cleared the food from the morning, so when i arrived, i still saw food from the morning, looking picked over and just not fresh. (i.e. breakfast biscuits and cornbread on the serving table not covered) we got seated closer to 1:10/1:15 but in a non professional way. The hostest must have heard me complaining about how poorly they plan between the early morning buffet and the early afternoon brunch buffet. She sat ladies down, who arrive AFTER US and then MOTIONED for us to come TO her THROUGH the crowd that was standing still waiting to be seated. THIS IS COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. 
If your going to have two sessions on sunday for buffet, PLEASE separate them more. 11-1 AND 1:30-3:30 .. that leaves time for clean up (which during my wait i witnessed) and better food prep. 
By the time we sat down, our waiter Corey .. who was by far the best, greeted us very friendly. He gave us the run down, and told us we could go begin the buffet. The crown was still standing by the entrance/walkway so we had to go the opposite way to the buffet, which as we did,  we notice majority of the food out, was from the morning, and looked picked over, the fruit tray was barely there.. etc. we decided to get a freshly made omelet and sat back down. The omelet station was good, just a little oily. After that, they put more food out, and the band started. the band was phenomenal!!!! I would go back ONLY FOR THE BAND and maybe a little food. Def not at my reservation time, maybe closer to the time they seated us.
The band was loud, but they took control and had people dancing and singing.. it was wonderful, i cant complement enough!  
I would hope that you guys could measure up to how your sister resturant RELISH is. I love RELISH and it would be nice to see you guys improve. Not saying i wont come back, but there are alot of improvments to be made.My husband and I came here for valentines day and we were slightly disappointed, there were issues from the time we walked in which should have signaled us to leave. When we walked in we were told that there was a $25/person cover charge for the restaurant bc there was live music that night. Well naturally we were annoyed bc the hostess did not mention the cover charge when we made the reservation over the phone. We thought about leaving but it was already after 9p and finding another place to eat would have been nearly impossible
We were seated fairly quickly and entered the very tight dining room space....I mean I get it the goal is to make money so you cram as many tables and chairs in as possible but it was just to tight and uncomfortable, it was also really cold so we kept our jackets on.
We were greeted by a nice waitress who remained pleasant throughout the evening but was often difficult to find. 
They bought out complimentary cornbread that was very good. Then we attempted to order. The initial dish I wanted was no longer available so I got the bbq salmon and my husband ordered the fried chickens dinner. we also ordered the mac n cheese to share. 
The food took a long to come out so we were hoping to enjoy the live music we paid to listen to. They said the music would start at 9:30 but they did not start until 10:00p. And while they were amazing as well as the highlight of the night, they only played for 45mins! Again we were annoyed that we paid $50 for less than an hr of music.
Anyway on to the food. The salmon was fresh but lacked in flavor, it was not seasoned well. The collard greens had good flavor and a slight spice but had huge stems in them which is a no no. I ordered the candied yams (my husband did also) and we both thought they had an overly sweet and burnt taste to them. I Sent them back for rice that turned out to be overcooked. I had a taste of my husbands chicken which was also over cooked and lacked seasoning. Lastly, the mac n cheese was actually delicious it was seasoned and very cheesy and served in a skillet,
Our waitress offered us a free dessert for my birthday which we accepted and the red velvet cake was amazing.....unfortunately she charged us for it after saying it would be free. We were so tired of waiting around that we paid the bill and took the cost of the cake out of her tip
Definitely not returning I would rather go to Relish in Philly.The food is consistently awesome, the live entertainment is fantastic, and the staff are friendly and engaging. I've been here more times than I can count and I will continue going there. Love this place!Good food.  Great ambiance.  Live music.  A winning combination.
I wish this place didn't have a cover charge.  That's a bummer.  Besides that, this place is a win.
Will be back!I love the Sunday brunch...there's a bit of everything. The food's good. Served buffet style, kept fresh and warm. The bands are usually good and the wait staff are really pleasant and attentive. My family and I always leave stuffed.One of my favorite places. 
Been there a few times and haven't been disappointed.   Love the music, food and ambiance altogether.  Even their Thursday night happy hour complimentary buffet was enjoyable. I expected slim-picking or limited supply, but I was wrong, it was pretty reasonable.   
Seating is a little tight, but it doesn't keep me away.