I hate this Wendy's they're worse than 11st location they are very slow but when u hungry and on my way to suburban st what can u do the dumb cashier gonna b s jerk I ask for lite ice and he gave me no ice I corrected him he give me attitude ask for fresh friesAgain, a Wendy's in Philadelphia which is completely and unnecessarily slow - unbelievably slow in fact with zero people in the line or the dining area.
After fifteen; twenty minutes- I finally receive a burger which is not even warm
What's going on with inner city Philly Wendys? It is not somewhere you'd want to be as a client or employee- any of them.  They are all very poorly run here in my opinion and this city's franchises are giving a bad name to the chain
RE-VISIT 8/31
Oh yes, this one's a solid one - star
TOTAL GARBAGE LOCATION
jesus. They cannot get anything right. Staff of complete mental retardation patients, living in 50 IQ LAND.  #jesustakethewheelBad food and slow service. And a magnet for trouble on the block. It would be a blessing if profitability declines and it moves somewhere else in the City. Memo to Alterra: Raise the Rents!Customer Service: The customer service here is terrible. 
Presentation: Relatively Clean. Long Lines. 
Price: It can be a little pricey for fast food. My girlfriend and I always between the two of us drop at least $20.   
Food: The food here is actually pretty good. I recommend the baconator or a chilli and a baked potato.  
Me: Whenever you have the opportunity, sit downstairs. Its so peaceful! Use the Free Wifi!Hell's Basement!!  aka-"Bad Wendy and the Spirit Cow"  
     Late night visit on a weekend, workers took a couple of orders, then stood in the back talking to their co-workers, took 5-10 minutes to place my order, although I was next at the counter.  
      When the order was done, the food was sitting there and the worker was taking her time, not really doing anything, finally I said, "Can I have my order?"  My tone was stern, I was tired of waiting.  She looked at me like I had two heads and turned to her co-worker and they both started mumbling, the manager looked at them both and said, "Let it go!"  
     It was an anger management technique.  I think I would have preferred that the worker leap over the counter in attack.  I would have stopped her in mid air with just two words, words that she's never thought of or probably even heard before--"Customer Service!!"  She would have wilted and crashed to the floor.
      I got my order and went to sit, there's limited seating because the restaurant floor surrounds a chained-off stairway leading to a basement.  It is right in the middle of the restaurant and creates a narrow seating area all around, not many tables.  I sit at the only table available, next to a group of inner-city LGBTQ teens.  I'm gay so it wasn't anything out of the ordinary, however, I don't like to hear a loud three snap description regarding which guy was emitting which fluid in the alley behind Woody's, especially when I'm eating my burger with mayonnaise.  Just doesn't work for me.  
      My order was wrong, which it often is at this Wendy's. I was not headed back to the counter, though.  Why is this Wendy's such a nightmare?  
      I think the basement is the problem.  I think that after the restaurant closes, all the employees gather around the chained-off basement stairway.  Slowly, Bad Wendy ascends the staircase.  She's a fright, not the cute red head with pigtails but a version of the original, this one resembles one of those dolls that's been ravaged by hyperactive children, with all the hair pulled out and makeup running every which way in streaks.  
      Bad Wendy insists that all the employees come up with a way to make service worse at this location.  Maybe unloosen the screws in all the seats, maybe serve frozen hamburger patties.  Wendy descends into Hell's Basement with the nights winning suggestion and confers with the Spirit Cow.  
      Spirit Cow bought this particular Wendy's in a plot to get America to stop eating beef.  Chicken is safer, trust me.  
     Consider yourself warned.I'd like to thank Wendy's for being an affordable option for a quick bite before class.  After draining my wallet with grad school bills and the mortgage, I doubt that I'd be able to afford much else.  A solid 3.  It would've been a 4 but I've had to smell way to many stinky people whilst waiting for my side salad and nugget combo.Went in at 5 on a Monday afternoon to pick up some snacks. Expecting the worst based on reviews - it's my second visit in some seven years. The cashiers were fine and service was very quick, although there were only 5-6 people in front of me when I entered the line. Food's all right for fast food, but the small frosty's still frozen and not "drinkable" more than ten minutes later.The only reason why this place gets a 1 star is because I have to select one... I feel embarrassed just writing a review for this place but it should be excluded because it's a chain and it's fast food.
Horrible doesn't begin to describe how terrible this place is.
1. The staff is terrible, did they go to a local high school and just pick at random who works there? Sure seems like it. The males behind the counter are too busy checking out every single female that walks through the door OR too busy flirting with the cashiers. The females are too busy chit chatting with everyone that works there and can't take your order until THEY are done with their conversation.
2. I've been here twice, I didn't get anything but went with my boyfriend. He got a frosty... it literally took us OVER 20 minutes to get it. I don't care if there are other people waiting for food, make a frosty... it should NOT take that long, stop talking and do your job. The second time he wanted a sandwich, grilled chicken... it took the cashier/cooks about 15 minutes to let him know they didn't have chicken... uhm, wow, thank you?
3. It's always crowded, loud, filled with obnoxious high school kids who can't say excuse me or are just completely rude. 
There is no reason why any one should ever step foot in this place... I don't understand why it's still open.It's nice and clean. I got the 4 for 4$ deal which is pretty inexpensive. Lots of available seats, tvs to watch and even a fireplace upstairs. There's a downstairs seating also which is where the rest room is located.In a pinch, Meh. If you're NOT in a pinch, avoid this place like they're serving Soilent Green. IT'S PEOPLE!I'm sure all the other reviews some it up, but just in case anyone thinks anything is different. Dear god are the people the who work here completely awful at their job. This is easily in my mind the worst customer service experience. Everyone is so slow, and I've been to plenty of fast food places to know that while it's probably worse at a fast food joint, this is far worse than any of those.
That being said, it's open later than any other place in the area. If one late night you find yourself on this street corner minutes away from death unless you go inside and order a baconator, well, let me advise you that there are worse things than dying from hunger.The service is often slow and surly, but the food is as good as any other Wendy's.Things this Wendy's is good for:
1. Out of town tourists visiting and wanting to see some real Philly folks
2. Quick dinner before Philly Orchestra - grease from the nuggets are perfect for turning pages on the Playbill
3. Weekend brunch on a hangover/late night drunk food
4. Date night with the girlfriend because even after living in the kitchen, she still can't make a sandwich as good as Wendy's
What other restaurant in Rittenhouse can serve all these customer needs??Crowded, disorganized, messy and frustrating. I love a good Wendy's burger every now and again but the only thing appealing about this location is the bird's eye view of 15th and Chestnut's busy intersection.
There's another Wendy's location at 11th & Walnut, but if you're willing to bypass restaurant, you might as well head over to Five Guys which is just a few doors down on Chestnut.The television was busted, the the place was disgusting and unclean. And the service was subpar and CurtI stop in after work 3 time a week?  the food  is hot and good. I get a triple cheese, double cheese, french fries and a  sweet tea .  am glad they be open at 12:00 amAgain, a Wendy's in Philadelphia which is completely and unnecessarily slow - unbelievably slow in fact with zero people in the line or the dining area.
After fifteen; twenty minutes- I finally receive a burger which is not even warm
What's going on with inner city Philly Wendys? It is not somewhere you'd want to be as a client or employee- any of them.  They are all very poorly run here in my opinion and this city's franchises are giving a bad name to the chainThis Wendy's is always crowded but its close to my job. However dont be offended if the workers missing a few teeth and loud school kids from the charter school from across the street.
On lunch hour the lines do move pretty fast.UH.....really? This place attracts the ghettoest of banchees in all of Philly. I cant wait until they shut you down and turn you into a Wells Fargo in a few months. But then again, they are opening up a Popeyes a couple doors down soon...so maybe people should just avoid this whole block in general!? #BancheeTransferenceYou know what? Fuck this place! Everytime we go in there, something goes wrong. The first time we went in there, we got our little parfaits, and before we leave, a fight breaks out right in front of the store and we're trapped in there for half and hour, cops never came. The second time my fright got hit on by a gay guy. Usually not a problem, until he grabbed his ass -firmly-. Then another time, we got talked about loudly by a bunch of "Rachets" in the corner. The downstairs ain't never open, and the place is generally too damn crowded. No dollar menu, and the damn frosty machine don't work half the time. Finally, zombies, homeless people who aim endlessly make this (Or try to) store their home, every night.
Just fuck this Wendy's, yo. Fuck it.When I'm in the mood for fast food, this Wendy's is definitely on my short list. Since the renovations, it seems much more clean. It's definitely got a better vibe than the wendys on 11th & walnut. My food is always fast and the staff is friendly.Don't get me wrong I enjoy Fast Food every once in awhile and I think wendy's chicken nuggets are the best of the big fast food chain but I would avoid this particular Wendy's at all costs. Everyone in this establishment looks miserable, from the workers to the people just waiting for their food. This must be where happiness comes to die.
The scene in here is always interesting to say the least. On any given night you will have people passed out at the tables, yelling, altercations, or any other nonsense you could possibly dream up. 
The lines move slow, and the food isn't too "fast" but its your standard Wendys food. You will have to put up with a good amount of nonsense though to get it.What can I say that hasn't already been said? Customer Service, cleanliness, etc.  all very poor.
I went in to get the half salad and chicken wrap.  Salad was not bad - but I found a piece of plastic wrap in my sandwich.  Yuck.
There are plenty of other choices in this area - I strongly suggest that you go somewhere else.  I know I will.Ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and it was so bad that I couldn't finish it. Service was also slow and they don't have cups for water. Not big on fast food but even for fast food this Wendy's sucked.Maybe I just caught this place on a good day, but to me it was fine. I got 10 chicken nuggets and an order of fries. The chicken nuggets were pretty good (especially since this is Wendys!), the fries were on the meh side, but Wendys isn't known for having the best fries for a reason. My table was a bit dirty (I'm used to having that, but it was still annoying to have to give the table a wipe down). Service was actually on the fast side. 
Again, maybe I just caught this place on a good day.Again, a Wendy's in Philadelphia which is completely and unnecessarily slow - unbelievably slow in fact with zero people in the line or the dining area.
After fifteen; twenty minutes- I finally receive a burger which is not even warm
What's going on with inner city Philly Wendys? It is not somewhere you'd want to be as a client or employee- any of them.  They are all very poorly run here in my opinion and this city's franchises are giving a bad name to the chain
RE-VISIT #2 on 8/31:
Oh yes, this one's a solid one - star
RE-VISIT #3 on 9/9:
Burger was made 3TIMES with mayonnaise after being asked #NOMAYO
WILL THERE BE A VISIT4? Probably not. The clientele here also is lower than desireable
What was funniest was the guy making it each time would swear to me up and down that he made it himself= and there was no mayo! Hahaha I said, open it! 
UPDATE
RE-VISIT #4 on 9/10
Yes I gave them a fourth try. I ordered a Stacker (double burger) #NOMAYO.
What I got first time after a considerable wait was a super-greasy, cold and soggy burger (with mayo, obviously slathered all over both bun halves).
Second burger came out- at least not cold, it was barely over room temperature. It did NOT have mayo!! However; unfortunately it was only a jr. cheeseburger. I just LOLed hard. I doubt I'll go back to this location. 
Saving grace: I witnessed a woman wiping down the tables and busting her back to try and keep their dining room clean after numerous dirty kids. I said god bless you- it 's tough to clean up after such filthy animals like the ones that come in and eat here every day. She had such a great attitude- Hey, it's job security, that I might go back and have a potato or something some day. And then, unlike the other99% of the clientele, I will take my wrapper or tray and actually use a trash can.
To top it off, these guys walking out behind me were so rude walking out (after leaving all their dirty cups and trash on the table) that they wanted me to open the door for them. I held the door open for the other guys (who cares right, thats just what you do), but they refused to grab it.  The first door i saw him not reach out to hold the door open. Am I supposed to hold the doors for him and let him out in front of me? So, second door i just let it shut on that !@#$. Too bad it wasn't a real fast-closing door that would have been way more apropos. So partly the staff is lazy, but at least they try to fix their mistakes. Some staff is hard working and has good attitudes- much of the Wendy's in center city do not (and all chains). I'm realizing that it's not just employees- its customers that are complete d bags! No wonder it's hard to work in this environment.
VISIT 11/7/15 2:47-2:57 PM
At the front counter their Princess cashier barely acknowledged me, took the order and did not say thank you, make eye contact, or have any emotion other than disgruntled and RUDE.
It took 10 minutes for me to get my cold cheeseburgerNot that any Wendy's is particularly delicious, but it makes a nice fast food meal every once and awhile.  So know my standards aren't crazy high.  I would even be understanding if I had vomiting or diarrhea afterward--because that is part of the Wendy's package.  This place was terrible though, even by those standards.  The service was abysmal, but the worst was that ALL 3 condiment containers they gave me had congealed into a solid (see photos below).  Wendy's is at least supposed to taste good going INTO your body, that is the social contract I have made to explain why I deal with the consequences of it exiting the body.  
But on a serious note, I am pretty sure someone would have gotten ill if they actually eaten the sauce there.  I'll never know though because there was no expiration date.
You've been warned.Yuck.  I don't really like fast food anyway - and Wendy's is barely tolerable, but this location (a busy one due to location for sure) is pretty awful.
Not a good choice.I don't frequent Wendy's in general, and this was my only second time at this location.  I was lured in by their advertisement for "fresh" fries with sea salt, along with the fact that I pass it twice a day and it's always crowded, so it must be good, right?  
When I went in, there were 2 lines and I belatedly realized I was in the wrong one.  My line had one register, while the other had 2...what kind of set up is that?  After waiting more than 10 minutes (should've trusted my instincts and left at that point) I switched lines and still finished sooner.
I got a #1 and was hoping the wait was worth it - NOT!  The fries were tastless and rubbery.  The burger was also tasteless with the exception of the half of a raw onion that was on it.  I took off almost all of the onion - I swear that taste stayed on me for the next day - and it was still awful.  The roll tasted stale and the rest didn't taste like much at all.Came here to grab some dinner quick. The place definitely could use some cleaning and revamping, looked like the whole shop was starting to fall apart. I got the 4 for 4 deal with the free Dave's Single promotion this month for downloading the app. The chicken nuggets were only a little warm, and not exactly tender. The fries weren't too fresh. The sandwiches were pretty okay, though I was given a drink instead of a frosty I ordered originally. Yeah ..this place could really use a little better management and help.Im giving a fast food chain in Philadelphia four stars bc of the performance of staff dealing with drunks
The manager I think was fast getting orders out, asked if customers wanted ketchup, gave napkins... Excellent on his behalf. 
Food came out correct and tasted as it should have, so no complaints.This place is always crowded. But that is because of the location.
I will say that the staff here has always been nice to me. They do their best to get orders out quickly, but the popularity of this place makes that almost impossible.
4 for 4 is the best deal. And download the app...a lot of deal available also.Order 2 large fries for 1$ each and two jr cheese burgers.
Fries came burnt but the manager replaced them with fresh fries no problem. 
Both burgers where under done however once again manager stepped in and gave me two fresh chicken sandwiches that where perfect. 
Free refills on soda is always a plus 
Huge tv on ESPN was the highlight of my visit will be back just not for burgers. Not the cleanest Wendy's (they are extremely busy) clean enough that I ate in the restaurant. Great for children and quick mealsThis Wendy's needs to change their hours. There are sketchy exchanges constantly happening during the early evening outside of the restaurant especially on weekends. Not to mention the shooting that occurred there last night at 8:40PM!!!!!!! It is dirty inside, and people choose to use the street as their trash can who eat there.When I was there yesterday it was pretty much dead. The line was not too long, but the service could use improvement. Overall the area is clean and I haven't yet gone down to the basement seating area. I didn't eat the food, my bf did. So can't say much about that.Straight up rough.  It's like a fucking block party in there!  
The staff needs to understand that they are working in a professional environment -- that goes with their hygiene and their speech.  Me thinks I won't be going back there anytime soon - I rather starve on my break than to go there.Many things I can overlook, but horrible customer service is not one of them. Managers need to better train their staff on proper service etiquette. Cause this ain't the way business is handled. If i don't throw my money at you, then don't throw my bag of food on the counter.no ..nope ..ok. just no...
dirty tables,disgusting bathroom to start
the dining area ,first floor is a place for people apparently to hang out ,without making purchases and take over that area ..asking for change ,being super loud and way too much .
Go to the liberty place court ,next blockEven though it was late, the wait was not too long. Customer service was actually good too. Andre was very polite and nice. Very attentive and a gentlemen also cleaned a table off just for us.I want to enjoy Wendy's, I often think of it as my favorite fast food chain.  In spite of this, the 15th St one has a way of wanting to be avoided.
They say open til 1 or later, but I've been locked out early before. So their late night operation is apparently hit or miss.  The clientele here is very young, loud and obnoxious, and so messy that the establishment has taken to blocking off areas of the seating so that they stay clean enough for the next shift.  You don't have to do that, at most other places.  But this one is notoriously messy anyway, and I'm not sure I'd be willing to revisit this when a real good burger place, Five Guys, is less than a block away and open daily from 11a-10p.I ordered a chicken Caesar salad from Wendy's and when I looked at the chicken it was raw. This place needs to close down.Finding places to grab some food with curfews, pandemic, and peaceful protests all at the same time is quite the challenge, but I must say that Wendy's is managing VERY WELL. 
Wendy's has done a FANTASTIC job of adjusting to the pandemic's restrictions by enforcing safety precautions throughout its restaurant. The co-workers were super polite despite the stress and it was very clear how to navigate the restaurant in a safe manner. The food was prepared quickly and was fantastic!
I have to say that I have never had such amazing spicy chicken nuggets before from a fast-food restaurant. SO worth the try if you have never had them from here!!Avoid avoid avoid. I took exactly 29 minutes to get food. Not a single staff member cared about the wait time and customer satisfaction. Staff members joked among themselves and could care less.  Avoid avoid avoid.I was in here today I ordered a burger meal and chili and nuggets the customer service wasn't that bad but if I have to wait 25 mins in like and like 10 to get food everything needs to be fresh I think they are understaffed but you need to do better no one wants food that expired off the timer let's be realjust gross. i mean...it's a wendy's. crazy busy all the time because of the location. the staff has a system
in place but still...it's just all gross. employees are rude and they got my order wrong...very simple order of cheeseburger and fries. i got a chicken sandwich. gross again. don't think i'll be going in here again but they'll def still stay in business lol they get enough traffic to keep themselves open.
also, they have a really creepy wendy's mannequin in their windowfront...Horrible service. Staff is miserable. These are the employees that don't deserve what some ask in $15 an hour. Management needs to take control ASAP!This place is a joke. Workers Are so lazy here that they make the delivery guys for grub hub / Uber eats etc actually prepare the drinks and package everything whether there's 0 customers or not. Who tf knows what these ppl have on their hands yet they can stick their fingers in my drink ....?in  this pandemic,i wanted to order something , tryed to order something from wendys,on grubhub,,i cant,...all take out is price gouging, ch burger fries lemomaid,=$28.00......im a senior can't get out , but ive notice i cant order the ordering has gone up so much you cant even order, if you do order the food come thrown together,,and thats at anyplace instead of doing a good job restaurants are taking this time not to care about the food they are putting out,, ordered a pizza from my fav place evans on 43street phila, the pizza looked like a child made this is after my being a long time customer, so im not making this up ,, bewhere they dont care about the food in this pandemic!taking the easy way out and chargeing up,,,these demons ,,now i have to starve!Ended up here because the Starbucks around the block was packed. It was better here than I previously remember years ago... plus they had 70s 80s music playing instead of horrid pop like most places have,though there's always that one guy who got his mobile out playing tappy crap;This Wendy's is skid row. I
- Customer Service lmao
- dirty
- not sure if this place is a homeless shelter or burger jointWhy do I even write a review for a chain fast food restaurant? 
Luckily, for them, I checked in on Yelp (yes, I was clearly drunk since I checked into a fast food restaurant) and managed to remember a small glitch in my weekday festivity. 
When I asked the manager (who was working at the register) for my Frosty, he said, "that's not my job."
Do not deny a drunk girl her Frosty.Avoid this location.    Wendy's is what it is.    Staff here does not care about any thing.   3 visits before this review.  Today told a breakfast promo 2 for 4$ biscuits was over.   Signs are one all door s for this promo.  Bradley ran.Now this place is one of the worst fast food experience that I have ever had, I stood in a very very I will say again a very long line, close towards the drink machines.
I ordered a chicken sandwich fries and a drink. 
Now I'm not sure about their process but it took a while for my food to come out, not only that their customer service here sucks.
Seems all of the people at the registers had an attitude, I understand that the long lines was long before I came, I get it. but if you cant give a good customer experience with a smile, you might need to find a job where people don't have to look at your face.
I won't be back to this locationThis store is a mess. The customer service is horrible. I walked in for a pick up order and the cashier was acting as though she didn't want to assist me. They had no fries ready so about 3 other people and myself had to wait an extra 10 minutes. This is supposed to be fast food. If I wanted to wait for my food I would have waited until after work to cook a mealCraving Wendy's? Don't do it. At least not here. Not this one. I'm gonna go ahead and bet that every single employee at this establishment failed their GED. The non-responsive cashier couldn't be bothered with my order and the idiot putting my 2 simple sandwiches together must be illiterate because he couldn't have messed it up more if he'd actually tried to. Can't say I'm surprised - I knew what I was getting into when I peered through the window at the staff and clientele, but still. At least they care about safety, however, because the big dude with the "security" shirt standing by the soda fountain will definitely take care of business - once he's done posting that Facebook message.Usual Wendy's food in a dirty environment. Run in and run out with some delicious square meat burgers. The fact that this place is open late is one of the main reasons it's still open. I still love Wendy's food and the staff is actually pretty nice despite the environment. 
Enjoy to go!