Great place with reasonably priced happy hour drinks. I highly recommend the Tuscan Kale salad with black garlic ranch, apples, cheese, and crispy chick-peas.Held a baby shower here recently for my daughter .  Marissa was very helpful in the planning and I think everyone enjoyed themselves.  We used the main dining room and bar area.  The brunch food we chose was plentiful and mostly yummy although the grits were a bit bland .  We had sampled the shrimp and grits which were very good when scouting the place but the cheesy grits I had on that date
Did not compare - however the rest of the food - including sausage , bacon , eggs and pancakes was yummy .  I wish their pastries included some kind of iced cinnamon roll mostly because that's a favorite of mine but also because it would have been more festive than the small muffins which were a
Bit dry - the glazed donut/ roll was good though .  The only real issue was that the drink station - serve themselves coffee and hot water in thermal vessels and juices plus champagne to make mimosas - was not out until about 30 minutes after guests arrived -- and the juice carafes were very small - almost like what you'd place on one table so kept needing refill ( I think when it appears like there is only a small amount guests will be influenced to not tAke much out of politeness so should look plentiful ) also twice when I went for coffee it was empty -- although they did refill it when asked .  
The staff was very pleasant - the bartender was helpful and good about our taking up his entire bar top .  
I'd highly recommend this as a party venue or just as a good brunch placeWe live in the area and saw that this place opened recently so we decided to try it out.  
From an atmosphere standpoint, it definitely fits in with the area (almost hipster-ish) which isn't a con by any means.  It's clean, has a rustic type of feel, and almost feels "home-y". 
As for the food, we had the cheese sampler, Cesar salad, and chicken.  I was really please with the cheese sampler.  Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable regarding which cheeses were what, what they were similar to, etc.  Needless to say, we loved what he suggested. 
The chicken was very good as well.  Presented beautifully on top of a grilled snap peas topped with olive oil and herbs.  The corn side - I could eat that for days.  Delicious! 
Aside from the food, our server was fantastic.  He was knowledgeable and accommodating to all of our needs.  Our water was never empty, we never waited too long for one course to come out, and we were asked how everything was.  As mentioned the atmosphere of the place was great. 
We really liked this place a lot and will definitely be visiting again.  I highly recommend!I stopped in Whetstone for restaurant week and this was my first visit.  It's a cute little area tavern with a little more of an amped up menu.  
As a vegetarian I chose the options I could given the limited restaurant week menu. The pumpkin soup was very good and flavorful and while the salad wasn't a fancy concept salad that you often see when dining out, it was very good as well, but hey, I like salads. For my entree I had the vegetarian ravioli. This wasn't a bad dish but not mind blowing either. For dessert, I was eagerly waiting to try the peanut butter cake I had seen in pictures and on their menu. Wow, this fell way short of my expectations. It was way dry and seemed like it was stale. 
Overall the staff was friendly. The food was not bad.  If I lived in the neighborhood I might stop by for a bite to eat or a drink.Restaurant was totally empty for lunch today and hostess refused to seat my wife and child for lunch, saying the tables were all reserved.  What a joke.  Good business ideaIt was good in a typical Americana gastropub type format, except for one small but massive thing. It seemed the chef who was on that night perhaps smokes. There's nothing wrong with smoking, except chefs who smoke tend to over salt their food owing to deadened taste buds. One of the people in our party couldn't eat his roast beef sandwich and my creamed corn was fascinatingly salty to the point that I had to really pace myself. Aside from that, a decent place with nice decor.The food took a little long, but it is mothers day, so they were busy. The bloody marys are wonderful - I wish they had bottomless! Two of my friends got the hot chicken and enjoyed it. Very spicy. One friend got the whetstone scramble. Also very tasty, and a very good portion. I got three sides - 2 eggs, Canadian bacon, and multi grain toast. They improvised and gave me a great sandwich with some hash browns on the side. Perfect! Oh, and the homemade tater tots and cheese grits were both very good. Would definitely come here again next time I am in town.Went for restaurant week  on 1/19/18, very good food and great staff. Everything we tried was great. Only negative is the espresso machine was broke.  No big deal though.This is a wonderful spot for lunch! The service is great, and the portions are just right. Our server checked in with everyone, and seemed glad to be there. The hot chicken sandwich was divine!!! I loved the people-watching, too, on that busy corner.Came in to Whetstone to watch game and grab some dinner.  As always, I want to use a burger with bacon/cheese/fried egg as my yardstick.  They only have one burger on the menu, and it comes with cheese, slaw, pickles and onion.  Bartender seemed more interested in dancing around than waiting on customers, and took a bit of flagging to get her attention.  I ordered the burger, told the bartender to hold slaw/pickles/onion and asked if they could add bacon or fried egg.  The bartender told me that those are "brunch things" and "dont belong on a burger".  I still cant understand how restaurants refuse to figure out a way to overcharge me for an egg, but no bacon??  There should be a law against that.
Anyway, I just ordered the burger with "just the meat and cheese".  As expected, it came out with the slaw/onion/pickles, so I sent it back.  Bartender came back with the correct order a bit later, and it was really underwhelming.  Burger was small, served on a thin squished bun, and just looked pathetic.  It was cooked properly and tasted ok, but in a city with thousands of pubs, it was weak.
Stars off for bad service, no bacon, no egg, and underwhelming meal.  Wont be back.Cool modern gastropub, but a little overpriced. I came here for lunch today with my sister. I ordered the hot chicken sandwich with fries. I also ordered a beer. My sister ordered the grilled caesar salad with grilled chicken. The chicken sandwich was delicious. The chicken was perfectly fried. The batter was flavorful and crunchy. The bun was fresh and pretty tasty. The sandwich came with an aioli sauce and pickles. It was an excellent sandwich (though I would have preferred a tomato and red onion).  The sandwich came with a good size of delicious thick-cut french fries. Definitely some of the best french fries I've had in the City. Despite the good amount of fries, the sandwich could have been bigger, especially for $14. 
The caesar salad was essentially a half head of romaine grilled with bread crumbs and topped with anchovies. My sister asked for dressing on the side and it was a big bowl of dressing. The chicken was a bit bland but it tasted very fresh. My sister really enjoyed the salad. I tried it and thought it was tasty. Again, should have been a bit bigger for $16. 
The place looks really nice and inviting. The restaurant gets great natural light. It is very clean and well-kept. The server was very nice and accommodating. The beer list is decent and the cocktail list looked really interesting. I would certainly come back. However, it will have to be on payday because $40 for lunch for two and one beer is a bit steep.I've been here several times for lunch and dinner. The food and service is consistently good. Was just here recently for brunch for the first time and it was exceptional. I had terrific cream dried beef on thick fresh multi grain bread. I'll keep coming back and would recommend this place to anyone.So excited this place is finally open, I've been walking past the empty building for almost a year. I live around the corner so I've been there about 3 times,  no complaints during any visit. First visit I had the tar tar and the wings, second was the crab cake and burger. The burger is by far my favorite, the perfect size and doesn't fall apart when you eat it. The drinks are just as good as the food. Great beer list and the bartender really knows her stuff. I can't wait to try the roast beef sandwich the next time I'm there!Their new white bean burger is absolutely positively incredible. I am a vegetarian and this is the best veggie burger I have ever had. My eyes rolled in the back of my head. Will be back tomorrow.Vibes: quaint country home
Tasting notes for brunch:
-Shrimp and grits: well-salted shrimp in cheesy grits with cubes of ham and pepper in a red, savory broth. Egg on top is fried with crispy edges. Comes with two slices of either potato or whole grain toast. Potato toast was browned on both sides, a little on the dry side, but not bad for mopping up grits and broth. 
Impression: food is alright, nothing spectacular, a bit disappointing. On top of a 50-minute wait, I can only say this place is okay. It was slightly redeeming that the staff was aware of our long wait and gave us a dish for free.Very disappointing.. $14 for the worst hot chicken sandwich I've yet to try. If your looking for a good hot chicken this is not the place. Try bait and switch or northeast sandwich coI really like this neighborhood place a lot! The decor is bright, welcoming, and really adorable. I love that they now have outside seating as well. Every time I have gone there the staff and service is very good. The only thing they need to bring on is happy hour though! The cocktail and wine list is excellent and would be even more so once they bring a HH into the mix!Excellent food that's a step above typical pub fare. The place is fancier than a gastropub but still casual. The prices are great.
I had the burger, which was excellent, as was the steak tartare appetizer. The corn soup was a tad sweet for my taste, though to be fair it is described as sweet on the menu.The food could be better. Not what I had expected. The crab cakes was burnt. The food took forever to come out. Service okay, the staff gave off an awkward vibe. From the hostess to the waiters. The mussels and fries however, were great. Menu was simple with not much of a selection. Overall, I will not be returning to this new neighborhood tavern.I went to this extremely cute neighborhood corner bar/restaurant with my best friends the other night.  I go to the gym just down the road and have been anxiously awaiting to see what they are all about.  
I started with the Whetstone Salad with green goddess dressing and will now be craving it til I go again.  Very simple salad but absolutely hit the spot.  I followed with the steamed clams that were divine and come with ample toasted bread.  For dessert we all shared a piece of the most heavenly peanut butter cake.  
Love that they have outdoor seating!
Can't wait to go back!Had a great meal at the bar on a Thursday night. Drinks are very reasonably priced and tasted great. Bartender was very nice- but used her phone on the bar to look at a drink recipe while making the drink, which kind of took away from her authority on beverages. At least one ice cube would come flying out of the glass when she stirred. Every. Time. Not exaggerating at all, at least 8-9 times while we were sitting there we had to block ice cubes from hitting us. It became funny and we'd laugh when inevitably she would use the same amount of ice as last time or stir the same way every time. Might want to change your approach next time! But it was a great atmosphere and the food was great. French onion soup was very very port-y but I really enjoyed it. Tons of flavor and would order it again. Burger was great. Fries were the best. Highly recommend and will be coming back (maybe with protective eyewear for ice cubes).I came here on a Saturday morning for brunch with my best friend because we saw a picture of the Drunken Monkey pancakes on instagram. The restaurant itself is adorable. The aesthetic feels cozy yet chic. We ordered the duck and sweet potato hash and this was definitely the star of the show (sorry, Drunken Monkey pancakes.) 
I would come back again, its conveniently located off of South Street. Service was fine, nothing to write home about but altogether a solid experience.We were pretty disappointed in Whetstone given the published reviews recently and can't say that is at all what we saw or experienced ourselves. Service was lacking to the point we needed to step inside to request basics like silverware, condiments, and the even bill. The afternoon menu was also very disappointing. The portions were way less than we expected given the price and fairly weak in flavor. We live in the neighborhood and will not be returning but who knows, maybe things will get better.Been meaning to try for a while now, finally had the chance to stop in with bae. 
Atmosphere is nice, music was great and staff was attentive and friendly!
I got the pierogis (apparently a new addition) and a side of braised green beans and tomatoes. Pierogis should have been great but I was underwhelmed. The meat inside was yummy, but the dish was cold when it came out and it generally lacked flavor. The green beans were also cold and tasted like frozen steamed green beans covered in Ragu sauce. 
Bae had the burger and enjoyed it-nothing exceptional though. 
I really wanted this place to be great! Hoping the menu gets better if I decide to stop in again.I love the hot chicken sandwich and the cheese curds. There's a lot of great food options here, but to be honest, there is one reason I keep coming back and I hope management takes note. That's the server Katie. She is wonderful. I often take my toddler here for a weekday lunch date when it's nice and quiet. Katie really takes care of us and that kind of excellent service is why we choose Whetstone over any place else. When we have come on the weekend during busy brunch time the service is just as good.I'm definitely a fan, but we were surprised at the smaller than we expected size of the burgers and sandwiches. The beer list was also phenom!First visit on a not-so-busy Saturday night.   Three stars, according to Yelp, mean 'A-OK'.  Maybe B minus-OK in my estimation.
Locals will remember past culinary iterations in this space that were just meh.
For starters, the space is handsome but with some kitschy touches that will wear thin over time.  Whetstone has the look of a first post-grad project conceived by a marketing/restaurant design major.
The bar is smaller now when compared to the prior tenant's design, and this is because of the addition of a crudo/cheese station.  This concept is a culinary peeve for me, since ANYONE can pull together an excellent crudo/cheese plate at home for a fraction of the cost.  You can, Blanche.  You can.  
Moving along.
A particular aspect about this place that the current and previous owners keep failing to address is the lack of noise-abating construction materials.  At points, it was too loud with the place only half full.  A particularly chatty threesome ten feet away really drove that point home. 
This city is full of trendy places like this, and Whetstone, like all the rest, unfortunately fails to take the extra steps to create a marginally more quiet dining experience.  Skip this place on weekends if you hate the din as much as I do.
Onward.
My partner had the Caesar Salad, and I had the Whetstone salad, both of which were plentiful and quite good.  Only complaint is that the croutons in both were well past their prime and inedible.  Zero crunch.  Tough as licorice.
My partner had the seared Icelandic cod with clams (6 oz if that matters to you...), and he said it was a four-star dish.
On to my burger, listed as 'Dad's Burger' on the menu.  It was offered as a single patty (about 4-5 oz according to our server), or double patty (about $3 more) of La Frieda beef, which is a well-regarded meat purveyor.
Ok.  I get it.   Americans frequently ruin hamburgers by mashing the heck out of them with a spatula on a barbecue.  And yes, fattier is tastier, and cooking over a barbecue grill unfortunately lets all that unctuous goodness drip through the grill into oblivion.
However, the Dad's Burger, in spite of its carnal pedigree, was just plain drippy bovine bloviation that overwhelmed the meager bun and made me pine for the much-lauded burger at Rouge on Rittenhouse.  
Whatever toppings were on the Dad's Burger just got lost in the muck.  We all know that a proper burger is a thick, gently packed thing of beauty with some juice in evidence.  Not here, however.
I opted for the fries (half salad is also offered), which were just too friggin' salty.  Oversalting is a given here, as much as anywhere else, so no surprise.
I may give Whetstone another try, but there is nothing new going on here.I live in the neighborhood and I've been here a couple of times - the food is great, no issues with service, nice atmosphere. The wings are delicious.Did brunch here and everything was amazing. Decor is awesome and cozy. We got the mushroom veggie burger and Thai chicken salad. Flavor was incredible on both. My only complaint is paying four dollars for a shot-glass sized amount of grapefruit juice, but otherwise everything was perfect!People here are great. Good bar, good cocktails. Good atmosphere...and close to Jim's steaks, an added bonus.Great new place in our neighborhood. After several places couldn't make it in this spot, I think this is the one to succeed. The owners did a lot of work redoing the interior, and it is very attractive & comfortable.  The food is very good gastro pub fare. I've had the Whetstone salad - very good; the mushroom veggie burger - delish; the corn soup - also delish, yrich & creamy but with great texture. Home-made potato chips are great. They have a good beer list, lots of nice wines by the glass, and a full bar; haven't tried the mixed drinks yet. They've just added outdoor seating, and they have a long bar for those just interested in drinks and/or light food.
Went there recently with a 3 and a 4- year old in tow. Our waiter Eric, couldn't have been better! Aside from being friendly, informative & very competent, he was a master with the kiddos. He put their food orders in right away, before we even had a chance to request it. He brought them the coloring menus promptly, and when he realized they were out of crayons, he gave one of the kids his own pen. He also spent time discussing video game characters with the 4-year-old, even pulling out his phone to try to determine the name of a particular character. Awesome! Thanks, Eric! 
Even without small ones along, this is a place that I expect will become my neighborhood hangout.Great service, great food, cute place. I'm not sure what was happening in downtown but this area of town was pretty quiet and there wasn't really anyone around. The food was so good, we got the Kale Salad and Calamari and they both were perfection. Anna was super nice and gave us some insider tips for things to do while we were in Philly!Solid 4 stars. Food that goes a bit beyond gastropub, but with moderate prices.  Can def order apps and sides and build a meal, this has worked well at a lot of Stephen Starr restaurants and allows multiple visits at different price levels-I like.  Big open front room with windows everywhere, nice side dining area as well.  
   Loved:  corn soup--big portion--had texture, several flavors, garlic croutons, yum!
   fries--perfection, best I've had in awhile, comes w. sirracha ketchup
   pasta w. sharp provolone and stewed tomatoes, had a lot of spice (rosemary??) in  
   tomatoes, plays like a mac and cheese w. tomatoes on the side--I'll get this 
   again. 
   burger--can get as single or double, good size for price, highly recommend
   maple cream pie for dessert--amazing
Wasn't excited w. the homemade potato chips, might be amazing just out of the fryer, were ok. 
Not a fan of the checked outfits worn by wait staff, they add weight to the persons body--visually and kind of make the staff look like they don't have good fashion sense.  
Next time will go a bit deeper into the menu and try some entrees. 
Spent $37 before tip, had corn soup, burger, w. chips as side, split pasta as side, split maple pie, had one drink.  Was quite full (am 6'5", 235). 
Staff was excellent across the board.Terrible. A weeknight dinner marred by an overtly rude bartender, subpar food and staff who couldn't keep up with the flow. This place is in our neighborhood but it is not worth a visit. The steak, ordered per the server's suggestion medium rare, was brought out 15 minutes after all other food with apologies about it being overlooked. Indeed, meager in size, it was well done. If you can't cook something as intended, do not bring it out. And certainly do not charge for it. How can a joint that's all about pub food screw up the fries? A crying shame.Visited on a weeknight and had a fantastic experience. We had the mussels in the Bloody Mary broth as a starter, and they were awesome. The scallops with braised cauliflower & roasted cremini mushrooms as a main dish were delicious. 
The service was outstanding!. Attentive and timely.Food is good but the non alcoholic drinks are a bit of a joke, small 8oz glass loaded to the brim with ice and then charge $3.50 for juice?Apps and cocktails were great, but the pasta dish was wayyy too salty.  They remade it and same issue.  Wife had the same dish and it wasn't as bad.   They took mine off the check, but no manager visit or service recovery past the waitress, who was great.  Won't be back thoughThe food there may be delicious but I'll never know. We sat there for an hour waiting for our order of an omelette and a burger with tots. 
The noise level at brunch was absolutely insane to the point of hurting our ears.
The waitress stopped by once after an hour and told us she would find out if it was going to be much longer. After another 5 minutes, she didn't come back. We decided to go to the Barrel House across the street instead and left.Terrible service. Prep for snark and/or being ignored. The food is fine, but too expensive for what and how much you get. It's a shame, cause it's a good location and nice atmosphereExcellent selection of wines and - surprisingly for a wine bar - beer.  About 14 taps! They have Stella Cidre which I love bc it's dry, unlike most. Very cozy atmosphere, nice staff, good prices. Only complaint was service - cheese plate came without bread so bartender had to cut up dinner rolls. Cheese was good though! Will definitely go back.Good food but TERRIBLE service. Don't let them seat you in the back room unless you're prepared to wait over an hour for your food.I tried to have my first ever Eggs Benedict and BOY was I disappointed when I touched my fork to the soft head of the egg and experienced no ooze but instead a hard, crumbly yolk. BUMMER. Also, I was given only one half of a hard muffin but would have enjoyed the other half. Sue me and my carb loving heart!
My impression was that they didn't know how to accommodate the 6 of us and our different brunch orders while keeping my poached egg poachy (runny?). This wasn't an isolated experience, my friend ordered the same meal and same disappointingly hard yolk. Another friend had her spongy omelette arrive after we were done eating.
So I am still technically an Eggs Benedict virgin. Look out Bennys, here I come!Roast beef was perfectly done. Was so happy to see the potato bun wasn't slathered in butter.  Beer selection is decent and the bourbon wings were on point.  Service was excellent as well. Definitely will be back.Woah. My husband and I went here on whim. We had tried here when it first opened awhile ago and were not really blown away but figured its been awhile and it was brunch so why not give it another go and try dinner instead? So glad we did! We definitely over ordered a bit because we were starving but we had the ox tail- Do not skip! It was absolutely delicious. The mussels in a gin bloody mary sauce- sounds different but its actually better than a lot of mussels at other local bars.You can tell the mussels are fresh and that broth is amazing- paired with a buttered garlic bread was perfect. We had the kung pao chicken wings which were perfectly done- crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. We then split the tagliatelli which was in a lighter cream sauce and the flavors of the tomatos, thick bacon and mushrooms were so so good. For dessert we split a piece of cherry glazed cheesecake and it really was like biting into heaven. Our server was friendly and attentive and our drinks were very well made. Great place for a date night, a family get together or friends celebration.I would like to start by saying, my husband I used to LOVE it here! The service was great, the food consistently great, and nice atmosphere. We came religiously for happy hour, where the burger is amazing and the house wine is solid. We also came for brunch a few times and was consistently good - we could not believe there wasn't a wait to get in. Our last handful of events have been less than great. Service outside has been terrible, they changed happy hour from 4-6 instead of 5-7 which was a turnoff, and inside for brunch this morning we just had one of he worst experiences. We waited 30 minutes for our food, and the place was not even full. Our server never came back once to check in on us to see if we needed another drink, to apologize about the wait - nothing. Finally, after asking a different server about the wait, our food showed up. "Over-prepped" is what the manager said about our disgusting-tasting and burnt hash browns (they are usually SO GOOD!!) and there really was no explanation for the long wait or bad service. They took our food off the bill but that's not enough to convince me it's going to get better soon. Not until the service improves - that would have changed our entire experience. This was our neighborhood go-to, so I'm so sad to write this review. All I keep thinking is, you had a great thing going here - PLEASE don't screw it up! Please keep preparing consistently good food and please hire good servers who know how to provide a good customer experience! Also, until you change happy hour back to 5-7, we will be taking our business to Ela!I had been looking forward to checking this restaurant out, but have to say the food was overly-priced and heavy on the salt. This would have been excusable, but the bartender was outwardly rude...maybe from all the shots he was doing behind the bar. Not going to return.We went here on a whim, and it was an excellent choice! Despite being short-staffed and packed, they did an awesome job taking care of us. The bartender/manager got us started with drinks while we waited for a table. Once seated, our server was quick and friendly! The food was delicious and came it very quickly! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars (I wish there was a half) instead of 5 is because my first meal was satisfactory, but they rectified immediately and brought out the second dish I chose and it was delicious sweet potato gnocchi! My boyfriend's dish was also incredibly tasty! Awesome service, quick to fix, happy to please, delicious food, great ambience, will be back!!!Awesome dining spot in the heart of my favorite Philly neighborhood Queen Village with a good amount of outdoor seating!! Literally was smiling and dancing with every bite!! We wanted to finish our entrées, but we held back so that we could enjoy this deliciousness tomorrow. Friendly/attentive waitress. Beer/wine list..very good selection! Plenty of food..going home with full bellies and left overs :) Looking forward to going back because there is so much more we want to try on their menuMy most recent visit to Whetstone was positively exceptional! I've been there several times before and I've always liked them, but this time they really upped their game. The menu had fun items like lamb neck and Brussels sprouts with XO sauce along with classic items like their fabulous wings. The service was attentive at the perfect level and the kitchen sent out a couple vegetarian dishes because it was a birthday and the server overheard that the birthday girl was vegetarian. I couldn't have asked for a better dining experience and I can't wait to go back.Cute restaurant and bar.  Sat outside and did take awhile to be greeted but the shirt dark hair girl server was very nice.   Ordered the mussels and was not very impressed with the Bloody Mary sauce. Also was eaten alive, the bugs were out of control.  Would try again but probably sit at the bar.The food was delicious. One of my favorite dish to eat is mussels. Anywhere I dine out and if they have mussels, I'm ordering it. I had mussels from many places and Whetstone mussels was so tasty and perfect. I would definitely come back here again just for the mussels alone. 
My boyfriend ordered the hot chicken sandwich which was pretty spicy. The fried chicken was pretty good.
They also have a kids menu which is always a plus. When I go out to eat I always try to find a place with a kids menu.
Cute restaurant with nice decor and chill laid back vibes. However our service was so slow. Our waitress was not attentive to our table. It took her forever to place our order for drinks. Then it took her forever to clear our table. Honestly, I'm not even exaggerating, me and my boyfriend and my Mom were all ready to fall asleep at the table. Like hello, Kathleen, where are you???? I would of fallen asleep if i still didn't have my empty dish in front of me. When she finally came to clear our table and to get our check we asked her to put our kids meal to go and she came back empty handed. She said she threw it out. She looked confused and said she will ask that Kitchen to place an order free of charge. 
I always feel bad when we have horrible service cause I don't like to give less then 20% tip. I try to never give less then 20% tip but our waitress was just so slow.Thoroughly enjoyed lunch at Whetstone.  Charming decor, great food, pleasant and helpful waitstaff, and the grapefruit radler was amazing!  Well worth a visit.Had a great brunch here! Had the pumpkin pecan waffle which was amazing. Great setting as well. Decent portions, not too expensive. Will definitely come back to try the rest of their menu!Whetstone is a great addition the the neighborhood. I love the room; it is a happy space with ample bar and outside dining. Staff is friendly and knowledgable. I have eaten here twice and everything has been great: wonderful raw oysters and salads and great fish and interesting twists on standard pastas. A good, varied menu, casual and fun. I see other reviews indicating poor service and being sat in Siberia...full disclosure: I have only been on weekdays and have no idea what the Friday and Saturday crowds do to the scene, but come on a Tuesday and you will be pleased.Came here for brunch a few Sundays ago and got bottomless mimosas and their veggie and cheese omelette. The pours of the mimosas were VERY small, not only for us because we went bottomless, but I saw the other tables had small pours too. I mean not even 1/3 of the wine glass was filled. Anyways, we had to order them one after the other anyway because the service was slow. Our food came out and I had asked for a side of hot sauce, waited 30 minutes, and had to flag down somebody else. Thankfully he took the food back (which was now cold) and had the kitchen make a new one. Food was delicious, though! The cheese curds my friend got were very good and I liked the sauce they came with. The server seemed a bit overwhelmed as it looked like she was the only server there, for both inside and outside, during a Sunday brunch. I forgave her (a few mimosas in) haha. I don't know if I'll be back. I might want to give other places a try before I return here. The outdoor seating is really nice, though!New places always have challenges. Whetstone has lots of promise but needs to lighten up on the salt.
Drinks - Thumbs up for importing bottles of Monk's excellent sour ale all the way from 16th street. 
Appetizers - The wings had a wonderful aroma and great crunchy skin, but were very salty. The beets and carrots were good but the serving size was very small. 
Entries - The cod was cooked perfectly and served over an excellent broth and good clams. The pork was good, but very salty just like the wings.Was shocked to walk-in and be met by a fresh american style "tavern", almost something you'd expect to see in New England.  Cool dark blue's accented by crisp whites, it's classy and casual at the same time.  The menu is anything but casual, it's something a foodie would go out of their way to find.
The food is hearty and well seasoned, I've tried most of the things on the menu and can pretty much recommend it all.  The cheese plate is especially nice!
Cocktails are good, but if you're coming here for just mind-blowing unique cocktail creations, you'll be disappointed; they're well made classics and go with the food perfectly with a few specialty cocktails.  Beer list is nowhere near what you see at their other property (Bauhaus Schmitz), but there are a few solid selections for beer fans to still be happy spending an evening here.Very nice appearance inside and out. Only ordered a salad and a glass of wine so there's not too much to say about that. The salad was great. & glass of wine was even better! I went during the week, in the afternoon so the place was pretty empty, and the service was great. The lunch menu was so-so. Only wish there were more options.Snagged a seat at the bar on a packed Saturday night.
Got a cider and the crab cake/fries. The bartenders are friendly and pleasant. 
The crab cake was a bit of a letdown-- I wish they grilled the bun or had a better sear on the crab cake. It would've been great with a small change...as it was it was only tasty, but texturally lacking.
I had a nice time though and would recommend it to friends.Phenomenal wings and their hot chicken sandwich is one of the best I've had. It's also in a great spot too; easy to get to but quiet.Awesome food, Nashville hot chicken was incredible.  Went for brunch and they offer unlimited mimosas for a flat $25 compared to $9 each.  Server was more than attentive and definitely got our moneys worth.Stopped in randomly for a bite and to look at the drink menu. It was a positive experience, wasn't necessarily blown away but who cares it was good.  Drinks were all pretty good, including some unusual ones I've not run into before. Had a Hemingway diaquiri, great presentation, lovely glass, maybe a bit heavy on the luxardo, i usually find it more subtle.  Clam chowder was on point. 
Will stop by again.The mushroom burger is amazing.  Literally a burger made of mushrooms - no meat. Crab cake was really good as well. Excellent fries. My only gripe is that is seems most things (bites that I have had of friends food) are extra spicy for no reason.  Ketchup - no need to be spicy. Side of roasted broccoli - no need to be spicy.  I think that they should cut down on the spice factor (or give you the option)  Other than that, love it there!My girlfriend and I have been coming to Whetstone since it opened and it's honestly one of our favorite places in the neighborhood. 
The drinks and the staff are fantastic, the lemon meringue cheesecake is my favorite dessert in Philly, and they have $5 BURGERS DURING HAPPY HOUR that are fantastic. 
The rest of the menu can get a little pricey, but their mussels, wings, cheese curds, and pierogies are great and affordable. 
Come and get the burger, try the Brooklyn cocktail (whisky, vermouth, Maraschino liqueur, and angostura bitters), or just stick with their fantastic beer list (Sculpin on draft!)Last Friday was the first time my husband and I were at Whetstone. We arrived around 9:30. Walking in we were pleasantly surprised by the decor. The atmosphere of the restaurant was modern with vintage touches. (I especially enjoyed how each of the drink glasses was unique in shape or pattern.) There were multiple parties seated both inside and outside. The bar was full as well. We were greeted by the hostess and managed to find seating at the bar within a few minutes. Once at the bar we were served by Eric. He explained the extensive cocktail menu to us in detail. The cocktails were all very original with infusions and other unique ingredients made in house. We were told the cocktail menu changes seasonally and that there are often new additions. They also had a large beer selection on tap with several local breweries included. Eric made me the Como La Flor which was wonderful and recommended a great beer for my husband. I also had the Do You Remember the Thyme drink which was delicious as well, we were told is offered on their brunch menu. Eric was very attentive the whole time we were there and he was also very engaging. Would definitely recommend this restaurant and would not hesitate to come back.I am rethinking my continued use of Yelp after October 14th's hard-hitting South Park episode "You're not Yelping" 
Anyone here that hasn't seen it- the ep really does call into question the benefit of this constant "Yelpful" critiquing. 
As clever and helpful as we think we are- maybe... not so much.
So, I won't be yelping for a while after the following positive and no-nonsense review-
On Sunday October 18th Whetstone gave us a great brunch served by upbeat people in a pleasant atmosphere at an affordable price. 
Period.
Thanks Whetstone- see you again soon.The restaurant is in my neighborhood and I final got to try the other night during the pope's visit. I'm not a big beer drinkers o the food was reason to go. I heard it was a bit "upscale" in prices but I also heard the burgers are good. So I went. Service was great and they did a nice job with building. The room was not noisey at 3/4 full.
The entree prices (1/2 chicken foe example) were in mid-20s. The burger with a half salad, half soup or fries was $10. for single $14 for double. I asked how big the burger me was and was told 4 oz. When that's 4oz before cooping. It came on bun and was really almost size of a regular McDonalds's burger. The Martins roll overpowered it. The size ceasar salad was tasty but really just romaine and dressing. The side of fries was highlight (and bargain at $4.00). Be aware that they put pepper on the fries and the ketchup they serve (unless you ask for regular) is that sirachi type which is VERY spicy. If you don't like spicy, as for regular ketchup.
Everyone looked happy and I'll probably give them another shot and try the roast beef sandwichI really enjoyed! I've known Chef Nolen for years, so perhaps I'm slightly biased, but Whetstone was a really enjoyable time! 
The bartender Molly is an absolute professional, and was kind enough to make me a virgin cocktail off menu. She also suggested their house salad, which may seem simple enough, but was a real hit. Chef Nolen has always mastered amazing textures in his salads, and the addition of peas and cucumber to a standard house salad was a delight. I also enjoyed the steak tartare appetizer, which, covered in egg with crunchy chips and baguette slices, was awesome. Tartare done well is a joy! Pro Tip: Get the maple custard desert. Jess Nolen hit the ball out of the park on this one. Walnut crumble, rich yet light texture, and prepared to perfection. 
What sets Whetstone apart from other local places is their attention to detail. The design of the place allows one to peek into the half-open kitchen (as us foodie-voyeurs like to), the sleek bar is welcoming and warm, and the beautiful old whetstone above the visible cheese cooler is a nice touch. What I really like is Chef Nolen's charcuterie slicer right next to the bar and the host stand; we were able to casually chat about cheeses as he meticulously sliced (what I think was) speck or prosciutto.
They really set up a great local place here with a top notch staff, great pricing, and a comfortable atmosphere to enjoy the eats! You'd be silly not to check it out. Slam Dunk.Sunday dinner.  Nice place.  Good beer draft list.  Delicious Philadelphia Pepper Pot Soup.  I got the Rhode Island Clam Cakes.  Terrible!  Doughy "hush puppies" with no clams or even clam flavor!  Heavy, bland.  Don't get this loser.  Wife liked her crabcakes and the roasted cabbage is tasty.Mac n cheese
Burger
Mussels
Eric is the Regina George of bars.. and I love him. And this is the best bar ever.My wife and I stumbled upon Whetstone Tavern around 2 PM on a Saturday afternoon. We grabbed a table outside, not sure if we would just grab a drink and re-charge our batteries after a long stroll through town, or grab a bite to eat. Our server, Andolin ( not sure if I spelled that right), was awesome....she seemed to materialize on the sidewalk anytime we needed her. Although they were out of a couple of beers we hoped to order, the beer list was fairly robust and well rounded. We ended up spitting the kale salad and an order of buffalo wings. The salad was off the chain. Wings were well seasoned, and came with a celery/ blue cheese slaw that was a nice change up from the typical celery stick garnish. The food was fresh and well prepared, and I would definitely go back next time I was in town to explore it a little more. Great spotI think everyone should check out Whetstone; we had a delicious dinner there last night. I've laid out a few highlights and "areas of opportunity" below:
Highlights:
-Great cheese and charcuterie selection
-one of the best made old fashioneds I've had in the city
-good selection of beer, wine and whiskey
-fantastic pork chop and scallop entrees!
-amazing looking/smelling clam dish that was carried past our table
Opportunities:
-inconsistent serving size across entrees: my pork chop ($23ish) was a generous portion while the scallops ($25ish) only contained 4 scallops and was not nearly enough food as an entree size dish
-back room seating: it felt like we were in the part of the restaurant that was an afterthought. The lighting was brighter, we were next to a bathroom as well as a table of obnoxiously loud guests in a room with poor acoustics
-service: our waiter was helpful, but a little condescending. Is it so hard to just be friendly to people?
Final thoughts: definitely go, the restaurant just still has a few kinks to work out.Fantastic beer variety, which makes a small selection go a long way. The atmosphere is on the upscale side of casual. Rabbit was fantastic. Pepperpot soup could have used a bit more kick.
I ate  here shortly after they opened. Service was top notch. Meat and cheese plate looked good enough to tempt me, and I never order those.Still a 5 start spot for dinner!!! Next I need to try brunch. Their new spring menu is delicious. I really enjoyed the octopus appetizer and the whetstones salad with Green Goddess as starters. For the entrée I had the rabbit dish again and it was just as good as I remembered the first time. For dessert I enjoyed the lemon meringue cheesecake. The desserts are all made in-house from the pastry chef Jessica Nolan. I look forward to trying out her Bakery soon in the neighborhood too.Really awesome food and menu. Good vibe and cool decor. I live in the neighborhood and I love all of the bars/restaurants we have to choose from, however when a restaurant reserves all the tables for reservations it really cuts the casual diner out of the picture. I would encourage this place to leave space open for walk ins as well.I am so happy this place was great.  We need more places like this and it hit the spot last night.  We had salads, burgers, roast beef, crabcakes, fries and of course drinks. Everything was so good and our server was great.  We will be back and will spread the word.Great new addition to the Philly food scene. Very farm to table style dishes as evident by the yummy beets and carrot appetizer. Good beerlist thanks to brahaus. Lots of outdoor seating. Since it is off Bainbridge it is a little quieter than being right on south street. The roasted corn soup and rabbit entrée were musts. We also got the tri tip steak which was good but would have been better without the vinegrette. The maple custard was delicious, creamy rich and the whipped cream tasted like real whipped cream.First time here and it's a great spot. Good beer selection, nice cocktails and good mix of bar food and more creative dishes. Service was pretty good considering they just opened. Nice bright windows but still a warm feel inside. We'll be back.I'm so sad to be writing such a poor review for Whetstone.
Let me start by saying the food is AMAZING, best burger in the city in my opinion and the chef is great! It's their service that is drawing me to give only 2 stars. 
I live in the neighborhood so I've been coming since the opening. The service was great. Friendly staff and great bartenders (key in this neighborhood).
That took a turn for the worst when you hired the gentleman (with glasses). I've gone there about 4 different times now and he consistently gets ruder. 
Last evening I made the mistake of bringing 7 friends there for after work drinks. Bad idea. He was embarrassingly rude. There was 7 of us, so we naturally took up 7 spots at the bar (is that not ok?). When two of my friends stepped away momentarily (1 to go to the bathroom and 1 to smoke a cigarette) he requested we consolidate seats as we were "taking up to many". Mind you, there was no one waiting. 
From there he just gave attitude and was very unpleasant. Needless to say, we left, and left you and him with an empty bar. Not good for business. 
Again, I love the food here so if you're down with being treated horribly, check it out.Service was slow, cold, and inattentive. Food wasn't worth the wait and a vegetarian at our table got served two separate dishes - each she requested be vegetarian friendly - with meat on both of them