We went here a few weeks back because it was receiving a lot of hype. It was OK, nothing really special IMO. We had the beef curry and the bacon dish (which I can't recall the name of). The bacon was like waaaay too much bacon. The beef curry OK, but a little tough. Both meals were low in the temperature scale, like they had been sitting out for a while. 
The seating needs to be revamped. The place had mostly 4 tops, occupied by pairs. There is no hostess at the front door, so it's a little weird when you walk in, and need to go to the back takeout counter. 
All that being said, we will definitely be back for another try. This place has potential, and they can only get better.I've been waiting for this place to open for nearly a year, and I'm so glad it's finally here! The food is everything I'd hoped for--LOVE the Phaktsee especially--and I can't wait to try more dishes here. 
That said, I can't quite give this place five or even four stars yet, because they really need to get themselves together first. They don't even have a sign out front, which made it hard to find. The first time we tried to eat there, it was a zoo: the counter for ordering and pickup is at the back of the restaurant, and there was no host at the front to seat guests coming in, so anyone who wanted to sit in was milling about in confusion. 
We walked to the back of the restaurant to ask about wait times for seating. There were two empty tables, but we were told it was a half-hour wait. All the tables are large, four+ person tables, and nearly all were occupied by just two people. They would be able to double their capacity by having smaller tables that can be pushed together or split apart to suit different size parties. It was frustrating to see so many empty seats and be told we could not be seated. A man behind me also arrived saying he had booked a reservation on Open Table, and he was told that they weren't able to accommodate his family either. 
Since then, we've limited ourselves to take out since it doesn't seem like there's much chance of getting a table. Unfortunately, some days it is impossible to get through on the phone. We either get busy signals or a voicemail box which has not been set up. And as far as I can tell, they do not have any online ordering system. So until they get their in-house and take-out ordering systems better organized, they will not be getting as much business from us as we would like to give them. Disappointing as I would gladly eat there more often if they made it possible.Love love love. Food is so good, beef momos are delicious, staff is super friendly. Our new favorite in the neighborhood.Always go twice before the review!
This place was great both times. I will continue to explore the menu, and can't imagine anything won't be spectacular. The staff is very pleasant, the food delicious. Although maybe tough for the area, they should definitely make it as long as people are a bit adventurous.
I've had both the chilli chicken and phaktsee, both excellent and good sized portions.
Also will put them on my takeout list, as I can see over ordering and being pleasantly surprised with a breakfast the next morning...I am so happy about this restaurant!  We went last weekend and everything we got was amazing. They were so super friendly, the place is clean and had great ambience.   Definitely make a reservation because I'm sure the cat is out of the bag and this will soon be a lot of people's go to spot.  I can't wait to get some take out tomorrow. I can't stop telling everyone about it.  You will definitely love the food and the experience and it's BYO!The food exceeded expectations. The service was great. I just wish it were closer to home!We had never eaten Tibetan food so we stopped in for lunch. Our waitress Dolma was very hospitable and recommended a number of dishes. We thought every one of these was delicious. We had for an appetizer Gyuma  and soup Tsamthuk  and two entrees  Chili Chicken and Shatrak. The ambiance was charming and restful with plenty of room between tables. This restaurant has great food and great service. A real find right on Ridge Ave. We'll be back for sure....Soon!This place was absolutely wonderful to eat at! Everything we ate was delicious and the staff was so insanely friendly! I can't wait to go again!All the food was delicious and varied. Dumplings were great and not fatty. The curried chicken was especially good. Great new cuisine!Drove past on my way home and noticed this "new" restaurant.  Convinced the GF to join me here on a Friday and so glad we went!  They take reservations, but we risked it and only had to wait 15 minutes for a table at around 7 on a Friday.  Service was excellent as was the food.  BYOB, an app, and two entrees for $45?  Will go again!Everything was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The thenthuk (particularly the noodles) and vegetable momo were superb. I highly recommend ordering a mix of spinach and potato. I can't wait to come back and explore more of this delicious menu. Very excited to welcome White Yak to the neighborhood!Update - returned to try again, this time the appetizers were still going to come out after entrees but they warned us of that so all good. Overall, the service was better. 
Also, for vegetarians, learned that you can swap in faux beef/chicken in the meat entrees so that's definitely a plus.What a welcome addition to the Philadelphia food scene! We thoroughly enjoyed every dish that we tried- special shout-out to the steamed chicken momos and the chilli chicken. All the food is flavorful and delicious. They are BYOB.
The staff were lovely and very accommodating of our large group. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful with great attention to the details.As I'm writing this review I just got seated after 25 mins wait after the initial estimated 3 mins that the hostess told us. We came in a Friday night so I understand that we have to wait without an RSVP.
There were a party of two came after us but with RSVP so of course they got seated first and that's understandable. Then 2 tables are available then a party of 4 (they are just walk-ins) came in way after us like (15 mins). 
These ppl got taken right away to the table that supposed to be ours. Just because they are a bigger group. I would have left right there but because I drove 50 mins to try out this place and already wasted 1.5 hours. So we stocked around.Went with a group of seven. Order three Momos as appetizers (they only put in two but we just left it) and everybody ordered entrees. Entree's started coming out way before the apps. We let them know, "We ordered appetizers", they responded "No these are ready first, that will take awhile". Uh, no. That's not how that works, wait to cook the entrees then. Also members in our party ended up getting their entrees a full 20 minutes before the rest. One person was left with no food for 10 minutes while everyone else had theirs. Seems if you're running a restaurant, you should know this. And it's been open six months so I'm not giving them new restaurant kinks. 
We also brought wine. When we asked for it to be opened they handed us the corkscrew to open ourselves. I understand this isn't fine dining and it's on Ridge Avenue so I shouldn't expect much but that's still a little weird. 
I'm a vegetarian so I went with veggie Momos and the Veggie Mushroom Tofu entree. Yelp doesn't have any photos of the veggie entrees so crossed my fingers and hoped it would be enough. It was not so be wary that the veggie entrees will be filling. It was also bland. I ended up flavoring it with the Momo sauce. 
Another member of my party got a chicken dish but swapped the chicken for tofu so it's good to know they do that. Rest of the crew was split between delicious and okay. Prices are normal for what you're getting. 
Even with all the above it was still alright, it just felt a little amateur. I'm thankful it's an option in Rox though, would try again.Great little byob in roxborough. Food is unlike any other I've had. Not very often you find a Tibetan restaurant. New hidden gem in Philly. Would highly recommend! Oh, and it's BYOB!Very good! My first time at a Himalayan/Tibetan restaurant. Good flavor, not overpowering. I had the beef curry over rice which was good and we shared an order of dumplings which were also very good! The staff was friendly and dinner for two ended up below $50 with tip included. Would go back again.Great food!  Amazing experience. Both my husband and I truly enjoyed it. The spice is each dish was perfect. 
The service was excellent.  We definitely would come back. We found parking very easy right in front on a Friday night. We may have gotten lucky. 
My only gripe is that I could clearly hear any table's conversation which was a little distracting. Even those not talking loudly could be heard. Strange acoustics.  If you want a quiet dinner, this is not the place to go.Delicious food and great service! We had their Momo Combo and Phaktsee  They also have a good system to pick up your food during the pandemic. Can't wait to try it again.Something different that tastes great, would definitely recommend to anyone who likes to try new and unique things. Very clean and nicely decorated space too.Great home style food! Everything including noodles, sausage, dumplings seems to be made from scratch. Taste and service is good as well.Restaurant looks very unassuming from outside. Once inside the, the restaurant is very clean and tastefully decorated. I found this restaurant on Yelp. My daughter is a vegetarian and we are always looking for new restaurants near heat college that have choices for vegetarians instead of two items. This place had a multitude of options. We had the vegetable  Momo, chicken Satay, Veg Thenthuk, chicken lo mein, vegetable lo mein, and Beef Shatrak. Everything was delicious. The staff was very friendly and were eager to assist us when we asked for recommendations. We finished our meal off with a shared banana tempura which was a great way to finish our experience. We will definitely be returning to this hidden gem.I'm excited that White Yak had finally opened after waiting with much anticipation over the past year. The food is delicious and I'm looking forward to trying their other dishes in the near future.
I've been looking for good Tibetan good ever since I returned from living in Amdo. The restaurant really reminded me Tibet and made me miss being there.Delicious!  Had the traditional tsamthuk- perfect for a cold day- barley based soup- and followed with the best simple garlic bok choy.  A simple menu - with every dish letting the freshness of their ingredients shine.  Will be back again.  And again.  And again......Delicious Tibetan food. The momo was incredible and I also really enjoyed the chicken curry. Ask for the Tibetan house sauce if you like your food extra spicy which we do! The ambiance isn't anything to write home about nor is the service but the food definitely makes up for it!Saw a new restaurant with no idea what kind of food available has high rating.  Nice new place, service is good.  Food is average 3.5 stars
15% off on soft opening is 5 stars.This was a great find, appeared to have recently had a grand open spotless, beautiful decor and very pleasant greeters and servers. The traditional soup was different that I found comforting, the main dish was with white rice and  I was only wanting more it was a traditional dish also. I would  try the completely menu. I can see anyone being disappointed.Moved to roxborough 9 months ago and me and My bf have been wanting to try it for so long! Never had Tibetan cuisine. We ordered for the first time today and I have no words except.... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
I'll be ordering again. Incredible food. Vegetarian dishes were great. Not too spicy. My favorite: momo's.Delicious and authentic tasting Tibetan cuisine. We ordered it to-go however their shop's interior was very nice, wooden and warm- I wouldn't mind eating there next time. The prices were a little high- we payed $30 for 2 dishes total, but the flavors were there. 
We went with the Phaktsee  (pork and scallions) and the Chicken ThukNgo (similar to a Pad Thai). Highly recommend both. The Phaktsee's pork had a subtle sweet Smokey flavor to it which we loved and this was probably the more unique dish of the two. 
Note: their restaurant doesn't have their name on it yet. But above their door are some colorful Tibetan Prayer flags which do help identify their establishment.While I do t have a reference point of what good Tibetan  food tastes like, I am confident white yak would fare well. Dumplings , noodle salad, beef patties, and beef is always delicious. They are fast and friendly!!!! Top 3 places to eat in Manayunk/RoxboroughThe first time I came to this restaurant was a little over six months ago, and I've come back at least ten times since. The staff is welcoming and they truly care about their customers. My favorite dishes are the Shatrak, Chili Chicken, and Momo, but everything on the menu is delicious, fresh, and perfectly spiced. I love watching this place grow in popularity and succeed. It has undoubtedly become my favorite restaurant. 11/10Walking in to the White Yak is like coming home to a place even though you've never been there. I've been a half dozen times since the soft opening last summer and selfishly kept it to myself. Since Craig Laban has let the cat out of the bag on their amazing Momo (dumplings), here's my take on the place. Over the last several months the food impresses me more and more, I believe Chef Treley is continuing to refine her dishes. It's a delight to step off of Ridge avenue and be embraced by the warmth and coziness of the dining room and the beautifully sincere smiles of the staff. The unusual flavors, a bit of a blend of Chinese and Indian, are so satisfying, especially for meat eaters. The beef with yellow curry is perfection,  as are the Momos! It's hard to pick between the barley and the lentil soup, both are so tasty. My meditation teacher who is from California says he's been to several Tibetan places and this is the best he's had. This place is the closest you can come to feeling like you're in Tibet this side of the of the world!I wanted to like this place, but I was left disappointed. The momos were decent. It's basically your typical dumplings with thicker skin. The pepper sauce that came with it was good. However, the beef filling was a bit dry and tough. The chicken was the best out of the combo. The fried ribs needed more salt. The dried tofu dish was also very bland. The whole branzino was fried well and the sauce was decent, but again needed more seasoning or something more punchy. It definitely doesn't Satisfy someone who is used to more bold Asian flavors.What a hidden gem in Roxborough!
I was looking for something different to try nearby and I certainly found it at White Yak. Having never eaten Tibetan food, I was excited to see what it was all about. I can honestly say I have never had a dining experience like it! 
We started with beef steamed dumplings- they were cooked perfectly and came with a spicy mustard (I think) for dipping. But the real treats were the main courses. I ordered chili chicken, a curry dish that was more tangy than spicy. The chicken melted in my mouth. Fabulous! My companion had the beef bok choy which was equally delicious. We regretted not ordering any noodles as a few people around us had them and they looked phenomenal. 
White Yak is a BYOB so it makes for an affordable meal. The service was a bit slow but to be fair, they just opened not too long ago. And the staff were kind enough to offer us a free dessert, tsampa cake. It's not something I would have ordered but I'm glad they brought it as it was delightful. Not too sweet!
Overall, this is a charming spot. It's unpretentious, delicious food served by courteous and professional staff. We will be back!First time having Tibetan food, we had the Momo, ThukNgo, and the ribs. It was incredibly tasty, and the service was excellent. We'll definitely be back!I was looking for something different to try nearby and I certainly found it at White Yak,  Newly remodeled restaurant, great service with unique Himalayan offerings. All the dishes we ordered was good, I think a mix of Indian/Chinese/ Thai  sort of flavor .Attentive staff and very clean restaurantI only had takeout, but it was really good. The flavors were exceptional and food quality was good. Get all the dumplings.This was so good! We got the phaktsee, shatrak, and the momo combo! We really wanted to try something new and fun and this definitely delivered! My only complaints are that the portions were a little small for the price. I definitely couldn't justify ordering this often.Such a gem to the typical Roxborough fare and would love to see more places like this on Ridge. With the new brewery coming, hopefully locals continue to support new businesses.Really great food and service! We came for lunch around 2pm and had the chicken momo and the momo Khotrak. The dumplings were very nicely filled with good quality meat and vegetables. The Khotrak is served fried and they came out delicately browned on one side - perfectly done. The steamed momo was nicely firm, not watery or doughy.  I tried the buttered tea since I've never had it before, and it was delicious!  The server described the difference between how they prepare it here versus Tibet. Apparently here it is with a lighter butter with red tea. I thought it was delicious. We'll be back for dinner and to try dessert!Got takeout from White Yak, and the food was delicious! Great flavors, fresh ingredients. Tastes homemade. We got the chili chicken and the momo sampler. Will be back for more!A delicious and ESSENTIAL addition to Northwest Philadelphia's restaurant scene.
White Yak is very, very good. Speaking as someone who has some familiarity with food culture of Tibet and its nearby culinary regions of Sichuan and Nepal, I am extremely excited about the arrival of this restaurant to our area. It fills a void, not only for being the sole representation of Tibetan/Himalayan food in the Philadelphia metropolitan region, but also for providing Northwestern Philly neighborhoods with a delicious option for distinctive South and East Asian flavors. For those of us living in Roxborough and East Falls (which sadly lack decent Indian and Chinese restaurants), White Yak should be heartily welcomed! 
I've eaten there a few times now, and last night we had a big table so we were able to order quite a few things to share. The menu is a very interesting mix of dishes popular and important in Tibet, along with several foods that reflect interactions with India/Nepal and Sichuan and Central China. Appetizers include a delicious homemade beef sausage and starch jelly noodles ("laping") that are popular from Sichuan all the way to Katmandu. Momos (Tibetan dumplings) feature prominently on the menu, as they are one of the most popular Tibetan celebratory foods. We particularly liked the fried momos and the pepper sauce. The other very uniquely Tibetan item we sampled was the daikon soup thickened with tsampa (toasted barley flour is a staple among nomadic families and is a very unique flavor). 
In addition to these we got several entrees to share, and they were all terrific. The Phaktsee (which was very similar to Sichuanese "double cooked pork") was extremely flavorful. The crispy fried fish was deliciously doused in a mild pepper sauce, the "Chilly chicken" reminded me of a much beloved dish famous from Indo-Chinese restaurants. The beef curry had a deep flavor, which I happily sopped up with Tingmo steamed bread.
The manager, Treley C. Parshingtsang, is a gracious host who is happy to talk about her food. She told us she studied in famous kitchens between China and India, and it really shows in the diversity of the menu selection. 
These are very fresh flavors for us in Roxborough (all of which are expertly prepared in house despite the misguided claim of one Google reviewer). It's also BYOB.Everything at White Yak is incredible, and in particular the momo, la ping, eggplant and curry. Wonderful service too. Such a welcome addition to Philly!I used to always get the chili chicken until I decided to try the Thentuk - it's under the "noodles" part of the menu but it's actually like the best soup you've ever had in your life. It's also a huge portion and very filling. We eat it at least once a week!Got takeout the other day. Great customer service. The curried beef was amazing! Enjoyed the dumplings, they let me do a mixed order so I could try more than one flavor. Going back again this week!Ordered for the first time and loved it. We got a variety of dishes to share. The Shatrak and Curry were our favorites. We'll definitely order from here again.Got the veggie beef shatrak which was flavorful and good (after I got used to the odd texture of the fake beef) although smaller pieces of the "meat" would be good ...if I get it again I will cut it up so it's more evenly distributed!  The momos however were bland and not worth getting.  I decided to treat myself to the veggie combo but ended up not eating most of it.   Can't speak to any meat dishes and will probably try a few more veggie ones.  I got delivery so no idea what the restaurant is like.I'm sorry to say this but we were not amazed.
We've been to several Tibetan and Nepali restaurants in major cities in China, in every case run by natives of those two places, and every one of them was better than this.
The food we ordered wasn't bad, but it didn't come near the depth of flavor that we've seen from other places serving food from the Himalayas.
Maybe we'll give it a try sometime again to see if they were just off their stride, given the other reviews, but it just didn't wow me this time around. Everything felt... under-seasoned, I guess.If you want authentic Tibetan cuisine, this is the place. This is the only Tibetan restaurant in Philly area as far I know. I really like  decoration and setting of the restaurant. It has the sense of warmth and welcoming. Foods are great, especially Tibetan Gurma (Tibetan sausage), la-phing and of course Momo..Wonderful food and flavors I don't cook at home. The vegetable momo was especially delicious. We also got the bok choy and pulled noodles. I will order again.This was an amazing trip around the world! We have never been to Nepal/the Himalayas and never had the chance to try the cuisine before, and we've been eagerly awaiting the opening since seeing the sign in the window a year ago (mostly me, but DH is always up to try new cuisine).
We've been twice now and both times have been fantastic! We keep finding new favorites, but we would order anything again and will keep coming back until we've tried everything! Bonus - it's served family style so order a bunch and share it with your favorite people. It's also a really great value - we've gone home with leftovers both times!
Visit 1:
gyuma (Tibetan sausage)
Chilly Chicken - smells spicy but the flavor was perfectly balanced. Husband doesn't love spicy and said this was his favorite
Tibetan beef curry - a mild green curry
Visit 2:
Momo Khotrak - variety plate of dumplings
Pingsha
Phaktsee (husband's new favorite)
Chilly chicken (my favorite)
It is BYOB, so grab a bottle (or a six pack at the Foodery) and come in for a delicious meal in pleasant surroundings with friendly staff! You won't regret giving it a try!Service was great! The owners seem very nice. My dish came out super fast, which worried me at first, but tasted very fresh. I finished my meal and was satisfied and content and not like disgustingly full. I was not a fan of the Tibetan butter tea, but I'll still leave 5 stars because I'm not sure what I was expecting since I never had it before. However, I'm sure it's good if you're into that kind of thing. All the veggies were cooked to perfection and wasn't too oily either. The dining area looks neat and clean. I definitely will be back to try other items.I ordered for delivery a couple of times here, and the food was yummy. I especially liked the pork ribs, small portion for the price but excellent flavor. Also really good were the noodle salad, Gyuma sausage and Tibetan beef satay, they come with a lovely hot sauce that is just the right spice level. It would be great if they also had sukuti, a sort of Himalayan version of beef jerky that I'd seen in some New York City restaurants. I definitely hope to visit in person one day soon.Something different to try i had beef but it lacked the flavor from spices. 
Would recommend if you are in to Nepali fusion food and curious about it.We ordered a pretty big take out meal this week. Everything was delicious, hot and incredibly flavorful. This is now one of my go to restaurants around Manayunk/Roxborough.Great addition to Roxborough. The food was delicious - ordered the beef momo, beef thenthuk soup, and curry chicken. I'm still thinking about how good the momo was! The prices were fair, and staff was very friendly. The restaurant was full at 6pm on a Tuesday, but my partner and I were attended to and the food came out very quickly. 
Also in response to some previous comments about entrees coming out before 'appetizers' - in our experience, it's common in authentic Asian restaurants for the food to come out fresh, as ready, and for dishes to be shared family-style. It seems like more of a Westernized-priority for dishes to come out in a specific order. I certainly wouldn't hold custom against this restaurant!
Can't wait to come back to try more of the menu.Really wonderful menu and atmosphere, perfect for a date night and group dinners. We shared the momo to start, and had the chili chicken and phaktsee entrees. Everything was delicious but the phaktsee was especially good; we will definitely be back for more. The banana tempura dessert was perfect. We really enjoyed our first visit, and will be back soon!Great food!!  We have gone twice since their opening and really enjoy the fresh cuisine and amazing service!!This place was getting an unbelievable amount of press before I ate here: Philly Mag, FYI Philly,  the Inquirer, etc.  Pre-Covid there wasn't an empty seat in this small dine in shop on ridge Ave that had barely twenty tables.  I guess that was to be expected with Philly's first and only Tibetan restaurant.  The consumers appetite was strong.  With no entrees really cresting $20 the price point of this place is affordable.  A good strategy would be to order several items and share amongst others. 
I guess what took the anticipation off for me is I already ate at a Tibetan restaurant in Cambridge, MA.  Got two apps and an entree Curry chicken, with nothing really stand out.  I mean yeah it was good and it was affordable.  Might head back for dine in eventually and try so more items, but for now I'll stick to more so places I know and like.Great food, great service, and clean. Went during soft opening and was impressed with different offerings. Had the sausage app and the noodles with chicken (can't remember the name). Sausage comes already cut in bite size pieces. Noodles was like a pad Thai noodle with chicken and sprouts. Was crowded so might want to go online for reservation. BYOB. Many choices so good to bring the kidsWe came to dine pre-covid this January. We had never had tried Himalayan/Nepalese food before, but we love trying new things so we figured White Yak would be a good fit. I decided to order noodles because I wanted a more substantial meal whereas my friend got the beef curry. The flavor of the noodles were ok, I think was turned off by the mushy texture of the sauce. The curry was very lightly seasoned i think to let the natural flavor of each respective ingredient shine through.  Overall, I'm grateful I got to try a new cuisine and that I got a chance to meet the friendly/attentive staff. While it may have not been to my liking, I can see why others are loyal, even die-hard customers.First, I love the fact it is so easy to order online and pick up later. A little expensive but very good food! The momo is so good you taste every flavor with every bite!Definitely an outlier among these reviews, but I - as well as my friends group - thought the food was incredibly bland. We ordered several dishes, and nothing stood out. Even the momos, which we got the mixed platter and this is one of their big dishes, were disappointing. Hoping it was an off night, but based on what we ate I think they can stand up punch up the flavors.It was a great Tibetan restaurant- the food was delicious and served quickly. Plus the restaurant looked really nice! Would definitely recommend going here.Wow this place is so good!!! I love trying new cuisines. And this knocked it out of the park. The eggplant is phenomenalDidn't know what to expect and was so glad I went
Well prepared food in newly renovated surroundings with wonderful service and knowledgeable servers. 
Just give up White Dog and go to White Yak!I went to the White Yak with two of my friends. We wanted a local restaurant where we could meet up and have dinner before going to Walnut Restaurant College for a class together.   The service is great and our waitress was so pleasant and funny.   The food was fresh, tasty and basically amazing.   I had been here once before and hoped that my two friends liked it as much as I did. Not only is all of the food delicious, it's very fresh.  They loved it.  In addition to that, the  place is immaculate.  I will be recommending it to all of my friends and acquaintances and dining there often.This place is treasure. Delicious food and great service. I highly recommend the Thentok Soup, a beef, spinach, and hand drawn noodle flavorful dish! Do not miss out on ordering the tempura banana dessert. You can thank me later!:)Yummy food! Very nice place.
Firecracker momos we're very good.
Chilly chicken was nice. 
Service was excellent. 
I tried the Tibetan Salted Butter Tea but did not like it, not my taste.Rare 5-star venue for me, ratified by my dining companion who insisted I give a 5-star Yelp rating given all the fabulous food we had. 
My companion and I split Momo (dumpling) Combo platter and enjoyed all the different dumpling fillings, including the vegetarian.  Good-sized and quite filling.
Our entrees were also very good and we're both looking forward to coming back to try the "alternate dish" we each wanted.  Next time, I would even try to bring more people so we can eat family style and try several dishes. 
Everything seemed to be made VERY fresh and hand-made, no industrial pre-frozen dumplings from some factory in New Jersey mixed with some sauce.  All ingredients were high-quality and the mix of flavors complimented each dish.  
Pricing was very reasonable given the amount and quality of food.  Service was excellent as well.    Parking in the area is likely tough if you are used-to suburban shopping mall parking, but if you're used to city parking its no big deal.I am impressed, White Yak was definitely phenomenal. Excellent mood, and service is quick. The most flavorful dish was Gyuma, me and my friend absolutely loved it. It was so tasty. And workers were extremely polite and friendly. White Yak rocks.Best thing to happen to Manayunk is White Yak!!!! Can't wait til indoor dining resumes. For the love of momos, do yourself a favor and eat some Nepalese food. GREAT vegan/vegetarian options!!We've been looking for a high-quality take out spot since moving here from LA and were so excited to find White Yak -  just sad we hadn't come across it earlier! We had a chicken curry, beef shatrak, eggplant dish, and bok choy. Our favorite was the curry, followed by the eggplant, but each dish was delicately flavored and unique. And the food all settled well, which we find is often not the case with takeout. My 7 year old devoured every dish and claimed the leftovers for lunch. We'll be regulars!Absolutely terrific. We did take out on Saturday night. Generous portions in each of the recyclable containers. Food was terrific. Especially, during the latter part of this winter. We appreciate some heat and spice.Pick up was smooth and safe. Will definitely continue to send business their way.I'd heard about this place and wanted to check it out for some time, as it always sounded interesting.  The only thing I wasn't sure about was whether or not it was OK for gluten-free eaters, but a Yelp review a few months back addressed that beautifully!  I called to ask about gluten-free options, and they were great about pointing out what was OK and what should be avoided, and also mentioned that they can use gluten-free soy sauce at request.
We ordered a number of dishes that sounded good for take-out, including the whole fish and the pork belly dish.  I really liked those two dishes, and also enjoyed the others, but the beef was a bit on the tough side, especially in the Pingsha noodle dish.  The sauces were all tasty and nicely seasoned.  In many ways, the food was reminiscent of Chinese food with some subtle differences in flavors.
I also ordered the butter tea, which I'd read about in books and such (I believe it was the inspiration for Bulletproof Coffee).  While I get that it's a strange taste, I did enjoy it!
Overall, I enjoyed the food and would probably try something else there in the future!Excellent, fresh food. I live in Center City, so I never make my way up here, but the day was so beautiful I set a pin on this destination (recommended by a friend) and took a meandering drive. I got (take-out) the vegetable momos, mung bean and glass noodle salad, and the vegetarian beef shatrak. All were delicious, particularly the momos and the shatrak. Flavorful, not oily, and pretty filling. The salad alone could be a meal and is quite spicy (a plus for me, but buyer beware). Of course I ate the salad, some momos, and some of the shatrak in one sitting, and indeed sitting is about all I can do right now.
Note that you should always check your order. I discovered at home that there was no rice with my shatrak (but a small miso soup?); a quick call to the restaurant confirmed it was just overlooked. I didn't ask for a refund, but they later called back asking for my Venmo so they could credit me the money for the dish (I declined). Any restaurant going this extra mile, especially during these times, deserves continued patronage.
I so wish there were more Nepali options in Philly-- this might be the only one in the city-- but I'll absolutely take another ride here sometime.That was my first experience of Himalayan/Nepalese cuisine. I truly enjoyed everything that we had. The food had a hint of Chinese cuisine, but definitely more elegant.Delicious Tibetan food in my neighborhood - YAS! Momos are yummy and the vegan options for me are great!This place is a treasure. Don't miss the opportunity. 
The food is always superb, and if you enjoy spicy they will do you right. Tibetan food is basically a delicious combination of onions, garlic, ginger and spices along with a protein. The momo can best be described as somewhat similar to a dumpling, but usually with a sauce.We visited tonight during the soft open, we arrived at 8:50pm and they were very welcoming to us! They are doing 15% off of the bill during their soft opening weeks. The beef steamed dumplings were awesome, very filling and flavorful. For the two of us, 8 dumplings really filled us up. My boyfriend had the Pingha and really enjoyed it. I had the ThukNgo and it was similar to pad Thai but with a bit of a different flavor. Great portion sizes & friendly and quick service.