This place is fantastic.  During summer the outdoor seating area is very charming with a "not so busy" street. Indoors is even better. It's like walking through a nice home with different cute room with a slightly different theme although it's all dog related (which I really like).  The food is excellent!  I've had breakfast and lunch there a few times and I have yet to have something that I wasn't satisfied with. We live in Philadelphia and have access to a number of restaurants and still frequent this place. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that it may be a little pricy... Although overall pretty reasonable. You must go at least once if you're in Philadelphia!Recently visited for dinner with my daughter when visiting her University. Ambiance was warm and interesting, a bit crowded, but that added to the positive vibe. 
I started with west coast Oysters and My Boy Blue; enjoyed both tremendously. Followed with day boat Scallops; perfect. Then finished with warm Apple Tart and brown butter (caramel) Ice Cream; wonderful.
My daughter kept it simple with Pork Tenderloin and finished with the chocolate Creme Brûlée. She was very pleased with both and stopped herself just short of licking the desert dish.
Based on our experience and the positive comments herein, I plan to return for a weekend brunch.
Well done White Dog.I love this place! For 2 reasons, 1. My husband proposed to me there and 2. because of the amazing Brunch they have. I had the poached pear and pecan french toast and it was amazing! We sat by the window, which I definitely recommend because I'm not one for sitting in the middle of the room when I'm trying to have a nice intimate meal with someone. The service was very good, the wait staff seem to be very knowledgable about the menu. The decor is rugged with cute dog pictures everywhere. The only negative is that the brunch is so popular that there is always a line if you don't make a reservation. I am also a big proponent of Farm to Table establishments and this one definitely has brunch down to a tee!Gotta love White Dog. The food and service is reliably good and there are so many nooks of the restaurant, you always have a good amount of privacy.We got the chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe, side of salad and French fries.....and shrimp tacos and butternut squash soup with side salad. 
Best thing we had from each of our entree were the butternut squash soup which was really flavorful and the French fries with garlic Parmesan and truffle oil.
The chicken sand which tastes more burnt then the tasting the chicken or broccoli rabe.  Shrimp taco tasted very regularMold! The hot dog we ordered had mold on the bun. If I'm paying $7.50 for a hotdog its gotta be really tasty, not the luke-warm plate of garbage we received. 
The pepperjack burger was awesome but everything was overpriced. The management handled the moldy hotdog situation in a very friendly and professional way although we felt sick for the rest of the day.
Outside of all that the service wasn't great. We waited a really long time for the waitress to stop back and the hostess wasn't any help claiming our waitress was just busy, in a dismissive way.Excellent food. Amazing ambiance. Stellar service. Plus they're environmentally and politically conscious. Went to a great seminar about drug education which included a three course dinner. Highly recommended!What happened to White Dog Cafe?  First time I was there for my friend Dan's 21st birthday and it was a great time.  My last time that I was there was last '09 Summer and it was terrible.  My girlfriend had ordered Meadow Run Spring Lamb ($29), and there was barely any meat on there plus she asked for well-done and it was cooked rare.  
I ordered Spicy Lamb Bolognese ($19) and it was nothing spectacular for the price.  It was mostly rigatoni noodles and not much seasoning.  I know that I could cook better than this expensive, worthless dinner.  Extremely disappointed.  Never again.  Go next door to New Deck Tavern for cheaper specials.Hello,
Last night I had a wonderful meal (tuna tartar, duck, root beer float) and great service at White Dog. Here's why I'll never be back. I arrived with a group of 6 family members - we go a few times a year because it's convenient to 30th street station when my in-laws come to town. We were given menus - 4 of us were ordering priced fix. 2 were not. O wait, actually 0 are, because despite nothing noted on the menu, the new policy is that the priced fix meal must be ordered by the whole table, our server informed us kindly. We offered to be put on 2 checks. The manager came out and told us it was the chef's rule, "for our own good and the good of our experience" because it would be so hard for us to when to eat what if some people didn't have food in front of them. Stupid, but tolerable. And the priced fix options had $ next to them, so since they could be purchased a la carte, we got over it. And THEN we were told we couldn't have a LA carte from that special menu - even though the menu said "items available a LA carte" on the menu, because that's only available for groups smaller then 4. So my mother in law couldn't have the burrata. My sister in law couldn't have the scallops. What are you even thinking, White Dog? My table had ordered 2 bottles of wine, we were frequent visitors... I'm going to make it my job to tell everyone I know about my bad experience. Enough with the silly rules and stodginess from the lil cafe that use to be about quality in farm to table. You look like jerks.pThis wonderful little spot in University City offers a charming ambiance and creative menu. At its heart, White Dog is a boutique date spot, quaint and intimate. It's almost like an upscale bed and breakfast. Attached is a great bar with balanced cocktails and a quality draft list. It's great for a classier happy hour with a lively atmosphere.I've never splurged for dinner at White Dog, but the lunch is fabulous. The ingredients are all fresh and assembled well. My sandwich had a side of greens with dijon vinaigrette that was amazing. The portabello sandwich was tasty with wonderful whole-grain bread. A companion said that the lamb bolognese was good, but a bit spicy even though the waitress had the spice "toned down." The only disappointment was dessert. The waitress recommended the doughnuts, but they were quite dull.Been here a couple times now, always with a larger party of about 8.
I have been pleasantly surprised by the good, flavorful food, despite the relatively lower ratings. Everything I have gotten from the meat and cheese platters, to the leafy salads and fresh tomatoes, to the burgers and other entrees have been good.
There is a nice selection of drinks, with some tasty seasonal flavors. 
The food is always good, but for a larger group, the service has always been slow. That's my only complaint. Otherwise white dog cafe is a pretty solid choice.Went here for my friend's birthday brunch specifically because they have a bottomless brunch. We were a large group and our waitress was quite nice, but the wait was crazy for food and drinks. It's a cute place but they are severely understaffed. 
We were seated immediately, but after ordering we then had to wait another 30min for our drinks to come. My mushroom omelette was great and the pancakes were fine, but the delay in drinks was painful. 
I don't have crazy expectations for this type of thing, but it was quite disappointing to barely get two drinks for the birthday girl in the course of a two hour bottomless brunch.
UPDATE: The folks at White Dog reached out to me and they were awesome. They apologized for the wait and let me know it's not the norm and comped us a meal for another day. They went above and beyond and I think they're def worth checking out. Looks like circumstances just made for a crazy day, which happens. But it seems like they really care for their clientele, so I'm a big fan.I have been looking forward to going for sooooooo long. It was-- wait for it-- not that exciting....
 Our waiter was fun and great, he gets five stars.  The inside of the restaurant is really cool, that gets five stars.  The food was such a disappointment.  My fiancé had the fixed menu and I ordered a la carte.  My soup was good.  Hi mackerel was icky.  The risotto was AWESOME!  My tofu was dripping in butter and his steak was half the size of any other restaurant.  The molten cake had no lava :-(. I would go back for the ambiance alone but probably not the food.  It was overpriced for what it was.We went to the White Dog for a late dinner, and the food was good. The meats were especially good. The deconstructed pot roast was excellent, and the flank steak special I had was really good too. I also started with a mushroom soup that was excellent. For desert, I highly recommend the Apple crisp. 
The service was good, and the local beer selection is excellent. The decor could definitely use a refresh, and while its not a ripoff, I would say its pricey. Overall, a good place to go if your near Penn.Went for Sunday brunch--got egg white omelet and cheddar grits. Food was outstanding, though the lettuce could have been fresher. But the omelet and grits were fantastic. Service was meh so deducting a star for that. One red flag--they weren't busy so if service is less than stellar with the restaurant at maybe 50 pct capacity then it could be worse if busy. Prices a bit high but not awful.I went in for brunch and ordered the breakfast burger. It wasn't good at all. Tasted like someone didn't clean the grill. It had a very charcoal taste to it. My fiancé was satisfied with his chicken burger that he got. The atmosphere the waiter was good. They have a good drink menu.Our second visit to White Dog.  At the risk of arrogance, this is a world class restaurant. The food is excellent. Service fantastic.  Maggie has returned to serving and was wonderful. We had all the pastas, Tortellini and Ahi Tartare as appetizers. Scottish salmon.  Recommendation for the Trefethen blend and the "OPP" Oregon Pinot.  Great. Busy but worthy it.  Have wine on the patio, chill and enjoy.I hosted a dinner for a group of 35 here last week in the Dens area.  It was a huge hit.  The atmosphere, service, and food was outstanding.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.I will give this 2 stars only because the apple pumpkin spice soup is amazing. I went with a friend for lunch and it took 5 minutes for anyone to even give us water, half and hour for us to order and an hour for the food to come. They gave us a free sangria which my friend had as I was already nursing a hangover. Her food was cold when it came, not just cool but actually cold. Our lunch overall took 2 and a half hours and it was 54 dollars to boot! 54 dollars for soup, a hummus plate, French toast, home fries and a mimosa ? I will most certainly not be returning- we are in college and wanted a tasty meal but now we are both broke and upset it took so long to eat. Our waiter, tommy, was very apologetic which was very sweet and I know it wasn't his fault but come on!My wife had lunch here with her co-workers on a Friday, and was dying to take me there because the food was so good.  So, they next day we went there for dinner.  The ingredients are all organic and fresh, and both our meals were excellent.  The servings are small, so you will need to buy  two of three (appetizer, entree, desert) portions in order to not still feel hungry when you leave.
I would have given them 4 stars (I gave 3 only b/c 2 is too harsh) but upon waiting for our check, we saw a rodent scurry down one of the walls in the dining area!  I know its not easy to totally eliminate all pests when your restaurant is in a row home, but for the price of the dishes, there should be an Orkin guy standing right next to the table!Travelled to Phili for the November Marathon this year and needed a place close to the hotel.  A lucky pick.  Was crowded and lively which usually means slow service.  Not here,  despite being very busy, the service was excellent, waiter excellent and staff very friendly.  We had reservations which helped with zero wait.
Pistachio encrusted Tofu could convert the most passionate meat eater.  Linguini with a cream mushroom sauce was unbelievable.  Had to be careful not to over stuff on the bread - it was addicting.  Would definitely recommend as vegetarian friendly, not to say that the meat dishes looked swell as well.
A bottle of the house Malbec was a good choice also.This place is on the pricey side (for broke college students like myself), but the ambiance and decor in this place is on point. Love the decorations of dogs haha so funny. The pasta and fish are good here for dinner. I haven't been here for lunch or breakfast but I hear that this place is good for brunch so maybe I'll try it outI went here once for a dinner date, and I was left unimpressed. After all the hype about it, even from my friends, it did not live up to my expectations. The food was okay, but the pasta special I ordered had way too much sauce on it and was still relatively bland. Since it is on the more expensive side, I never felt compelled to go back and try something else there.Great decor featuring canines of all shapes and sizes, prompt and friendly service. Ordered Asparagus Salad and Chicken Banh Mi from the late lunch menu. Warm French bread rolls and sweet butter started the meal well. Asparagus salad was fresh and original with a unique creamy dressing and pickled fiddlehead ferns. Substituted tofu for the chicken in the sandwich to make it vegetarian. The parmesan French fries lacked any trace of the promised truffle oil, but were crisp and tasty anyway. The banh mi was a little heavy on aioli/mayo sauce, could have used more veggies.The place is nice with a good vibe. We waited at bar and I tried an excellent cocktail "Georgia blue ".  The food was good, most worthy to mention were the deviled eggs, the avocado blt, and chicken sausage.  Note the fried pickles are sliced thick and length wise so may be more filling than expected, but really good. The potato chips are well cooked and good to pick on. The service was ok, it seemed our waiter was sluggish.Overpriced, trying-too-hard food and extremely slow service. This is the kind of place you take your grandparents/parents or a Penn professor to, because you know who's footing the bill.Went here with a group of 8 and got booth seating - it isn't often that I sit in a restaurant with loose pillows on its booths. This decor gave the restaurant a very homey vibe. They handled our large group seamlessly. We were in and out in about an hour, which was impressive. 
The food: I got the fried pickles and the fish tacos - both were pretty good. I realized that I don't like fried pickles, but the chipotle aioli dipping sauce was creamy with a little kick, and the pickles served as a good vehicle to eat the sauce. Coming from California, I hold fish tacos to a certain standard. The fish tacos here were good and came with fried taro chips.Fantastic!
To start, service was impeccable. My server's name was Ian I believe, he was polite, attentive, really knowledgable about everything and had awesome recommendations. From everything I saw in the dining room it seemed like they have a really great staff all around, everyone seemed very professional and efficient. 
As for the food, the entire meal was incredible. Every dish came out quickly, and was presented beautifully. Every bite I had was better than the last. The squash gnocchi was insane. 
Awesome place, can't wait to get back!The Steak Tartar was not served as stated in the description on the menu. We ordered two servings and there was no egg yolk on either order. It was also pretty tasteless!
We also asked for 2 orders of Fried Green tomatoes. The 1st order was for my father in-law. It had 3 tomato slices. The second order was for me and it had only had 2 tomato slices. I was rather disappointed since I ordered this appetizer as my main course.
One of my guest ordered the Yellowtail Tuna Tartar and didn't eat it because it smelled unfresh.
When I made the reservation, I stated in the notes that we needed a table with space to accommodate a stroller. I also confirmed this with the restaurant when they contacted me to confirm my reservation. When we showed up it was as if they new nothing of my request. 
I also let them know it was a special occasion and that we were celebrating my husbands birthday but this was never acknowledged.
The service was great but everything else was a disappointment!I love this place.
I have been with my friends and my family. This place has a fantastic happy hour with half priced drinks and apps at the bar. The food is incredible (on-par with the best gastro-pub food you've ever had) and the service is fast and friendly. Any time, any table you'll get great food and great service. 
Try the Kobe Beef sliders, the Truffle Butter fries and the Chacouterie Cheese Platter and enjoy some of the fresh draught Yuengling (all half price at happy hour). 
Every time I go near Philadelphia I find myself drawn here.PLEASE BE AWARE- White Dog is no longer doing the bottomless brunch drinks.
However, my review is from prior to them getting rid of the special. The location is great, the décor is beautiful and the food was outstanding. Couple that with the bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's and  it was almost perfect. Why not 5 stars - the place was beyond packed, we had reservations made well ahead of time as we were celebrating a birthday with a group of 12 people. We weren't sat until ONE HOUR after our reservation time and unfortunately we didn't get much of an apology or even acknowledgement from the hostess as to how late we were being sat. However, once we got to our table and got our drinks and food -  we were able to forget about the hour wait.  So disappointed they got rid of the bottomless drink special.  But if drink costs / specials aren't your concern - I highly recommend.I'm a huge fan of this restaurant. I've only been here for brunch and dinner but mind you, they were both great. I recently came here for brunch the other weekend (apologies for the #delayReview) and had the omelette with goat cheese and bacon. Easily my favorite omelette in philly! The eggs are cooked just right so that it's not rubbery nor is it to liquid like. They even put a salad next to it to make it seem healthy! (Jokes aside, I'm sure it is). I'm only giving it 4 stars today primarily because I'm a huge espresso coffee lover and when I went their machine was broken. The waiter offered me coffee (black) which I considered but then told us that the coffee was from Dunkin (which I also love) but maybe next time I'm there I'll get some espresso-lovin! 
Also dogs scare me and so their "art" is a little daunting.We stopped in for dinner while in university city, remembering that my mother ate here years ago while attending a conference.  Ambiance is great from the bar to the dining areas.  We were dining late so we went right to the entrees.  My wife had the Hay Smoked Pork Tenderloin which was tender and delicious, well cooked but a little too smokey for her taste.  I had the Filet which was cooked perfectly and very flavorful.  The accompaniments were creative and tasty.  Everything was very fresh. The bread was delicious too.  Our server was very nice and made the experience all the better.I ate here twice (two days in a row, actually), once for lunch and once for dinner. It's a little pricey, but the food is totally worth it. I actually preferred the lunch menu. Somehow they made a simple bacon cheeseburger taste out of this world. I normally shudder at the thought of fish and chips, but after tasting my friend's from White Dog, I'm a fan of fish and chips. We also tried the grilled portabella, which was yummy. For dinner I had ahi tuna and my husband had filet, which he claims is the best tasting steak he's had in years. We will definitely go back if we're in the area.Ode to Madame Blavatsky, Theosophy and occultism - one can feel the spirit here and ponder what happened long ago inside these walls.  To this day psychedelic dogs decorate the walls and I wonder how much that crazy wisdom seeps through from long ago.
Food and environs were well above expectation and chef details were evident throughout.  Price point a tad higher than anticipated but well worth it, especially given the comfort of being here during school session break - nearly had private dining.I've been going to white dog for years. The food has never disappointed, but the service is consistently mediocre. I hate going to a restaurant where the staff thinks they are too good to serve me. I've never been compelled to write a review, though, until the last brunch. I went out to eat with six others and a 7 month old baby. The baby was well behaved and quiet for the entire brunch. One of the men meeting us was stuck in surgery so we waited for him to eat, and the entire brunch was delayed. Admittedly, we took more time eating than expected. But at hour #2, the host came over and told us that in 10 minutes he needed the room for a party. That's fine, but he sAid, "people with babies usually don't stay so long." wow. That is a rude, unnecessary thing to say to a group who has bought food and drinks for two hours with a baby present who hasn't made a peep. The should have offered us a seat in a different room and not mentioned the baby. They made he mom feel guilty for no reason and made us all feel awkward. I do not recommend this restaurant.Had to wait ten minutes to get seated, then ten minutes for the waiter, Timothy  to show up to take our order. This was while the restaurant was less than half full. Missed brunch menu because we waited so long...Mushroom soup was amazing as was the Beet salad and pear salad. Espresso bread was delicious. Would have preferred plain butter, it tasted like margarine. If they could fix the service, different hostess, different server this could easily be a five!This place's rep is too big for its own britches. Eaten here a few times and have always found the beer to be overpriced and the food to be mediocre. That's not to say the food is bad, but certainly not worth the prices. So, if you're not paying, stop by. Otherwise, head elsewhere.I've been many times for lunch, but this was our first time for dinner in several years. It was outstanding. I really like the quirky different rooms, and the updates they've made to the decor are lovely. We started with the tuna tartare (one of their all-time bests) and it didn't disappoint. The tuna is dressed in a sweet soy dressing, and then piled with perfect avocado on top. Just delicious. We then had the trout, the braised pork shank, and lobster mac 'n cheese. I don't love trout, but their preparation was spot-on. The fish was light and delicate, and paired perfectly with brussels and bacon. There was a hint of lemongrass or ginger (?) in the sauce that brightened it up. The shank too was delicious. Polenta and cabbage were decadent with the tender and juicy meat. We brought most of the shank home as it was very large (can't wait for yummy leftovers!). The mac 'n cheese was maybe the best I've ever had. It was a smallish portion, but so outrageously rich that we also brought some home. The service was attentive and knowledgeable, and even though we were in the small room towards the front where noise is sometimes an issue, it was completely acceptable last night. I sometimes forget how easy it is now with Lyft/Uber to cross the river, so very happy we made the trip. The night made my birthday special, so thank you White Dog!Personally, I don't let politics interfere with my dining experience.  I generally discourage political, philosophical, or religious discussion at the table no matter the company.  The only exception to that rule is whether is a discussion of the religious or philosophical food or wine experience.  Then we're on.
As for the White Dog...It feels like home.  There's few places more inviting during the winter to eat heartily, drink well, and enjoy the atmosphere.  iIt is an absolute honor to be the 1st reviewer for White Dog.  This is hands down one of the best eats in West Phila (located 1 block from UPENN).  The restaurant is broken into various rooms that have this homey vibe to 'em that makes you feel safe and warm and squishy all over.  White Dog single handedly made the winter in Philly seem bearable since it opened my eyes and heart to the Tuaca hot toddie.  The amish grilled cheese sandwich is my fave tho really any dish is an organic/orgasmic experience.  If someone asked me "I have one meal in West Philly, where should I go?"  I'd say without hesitation, "White Dog."I ordered the mussels, and was surprised by how small the critters were inside those shells. Could be they were overcooked?  I've certainly ordered or prepared myself much better mussels. Anyhow, the sauce was good and made up for the lack of protein.
The Sapphire Martini was excellent.Absolutely excellent! This a a very charming and beautifully decorated restaurant. I went for brunch around 11am on a Saturday. There was hardly anyone in there, around 12pm the restaurant was packed. There is a very chic brunch vibe. Our waitress was awesome! The food was fantastic. I can't wait to go back. I ordered the strawberry rhubarb Bellini (sweet especially at the last drops), mushroom soup (amazing), shrimp salad (there was a leafy green that was a little bitter but tasty). My friend had one of the omelettes and we shared the dessert. dessert was very good the mousse cake and creme brûlée absolutely amazing. Can't wait to go back!My experience with the White Dog was not that great. The restaurant is owned by Urban Outfitter's CEO's ex. She loves the earth, and loves local. So everything you get there is locally grown or raised. Which is great! However, the times I have been there I experienced that the food was not cooked properly, often leaving it dry and tough. Furthermore the seasonings were off, and it was a bit bland. 
The atmosphere is like Mom's kitchen. It's very cozy and inviting. But unless you are dying for local, you can get better elsewhere.Very good. Great brew (Yards Saison), great burrata, and really great gnocchi.I love White Dog. It's my favorite place to meet friends for Happy Hour ($5 glasses of good wine, $3 craft beers) and delicious $3-5 dishes that are scaled down versions of the restaurant's signature food. The service is almost always great.I came back to White Dog for my 2-year anniversary with the boyfriend, and it was honestly the best dining experience I have had in Philadelphia since moving here in June 2010.
We were seated at a cute little table near the window and were greeted with two glasses of champagne on the house and a congratulations for our anniversary!  It was such a kind gesture and the service was so happy and genuine--basically the perfect way to start out our meal.
The bread that came out was warm, slightly crispy on the outside, and wonderfully soft on the inside.
Salmon carpaccio: this was the special appetizer for the night, and it was well worth it.  The salmon was fresh and flavorful, and it was accented lightly with lemon juice.  The plate was garnished with a potato chip with craime fraiche on top and caviar.  A great, fresh starter that I highly recommend if it is available.
Lamb bolognese: This dish is so hearty and delicious.  The pasta is cooked perfectly and the lamb and sauce are so flavorful with just the perfect kick to it.  I really cannot eat spicy food, and this was completely tolerable for me.
Cheese grits: I have never had grits before, but I am obsessed with this stuff.  It is so creamy, rich, and cheesy with a little pepper kick, and this little bowl will really fill you up.  So if you have room, I suggest you try this!  Even if you don't, order it to go and heat it up the next day because it will still be delicious.
Lobster mac and cheese: Just as delicious as I remember.  This time we got HUGE CHUNKS of lobster, which made it even better!  I will ALWAYS get the lobster mac and cheese at White Dog because it is so irresistible.
Overall, a completely decadent, flavorful, filling, and wonderful meal.  We could barely finish half of it because everything we got was so creamy, but the leftovers were just as delicious the next day!  White Dog has now earned itself the status of my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia for a nice dinner, and I recommend it to all of my friends who want to take out significant others/friends for a delicious, classy meal.White Dog Cafe is hands down my favorite restaurant in University City for happy hour and I can't recommend it enough. The prices are excellent for the quality, and everything I've tried on their menu (East/west coast oysters, tuna tartare, Prince Edward Island mussels, southern fried chicken sandwich, mac and cheese, etc.) have been so fresh and consistently delicious! Happy hour is every Monday-Friday from 4-7 PM at the bar or outside seating area -- the outdoor seating area is cute and especially lovely on a warm, sunny day. The indoor rooms for non-happy hour, normal seating are decorated with lots of dog ornaments and delightful for dog people. The regular menu can be a bit pricy, but the food always tastes amazing.I've been here for brunch a number of times, and White Dog has never disappointed. I enjoy the fact that they update the menu every season - there are always refreshing + new dishes, but the ones that stay on the menu are pretty golden. For brunch, the kennett square omelet is my favorite! I enjoy the arugula salad and the spiced potatoes with sauteed bell peppers served on the side.
The tuna tartare is refreshing, but if you're going for something filling, I wouldn't recommend this. Eggs benedict is what you'd expect, although I've heard the biscuits can be a bit dry sometimes. Overall, decent ambiance and waitstaff. You can ask for as much bread and butter as you want.Mostly wins stars for the adorable decor of the place. My mom always wants to eat here when she's in town because she loves sitting in the different rooms. The food is reliably good, the ambience fun but classy, and the service really excellent. I especially love coming for brunch/breakfast because they serve a mixture of sweet scone like and regular bread with this awesome honey butter. A few of my favorite dishes include the truffle parmesan fries (truly amazing) and their burger (super flavorful and moist). Definitely a cute place to check out with family or a friend from out of town!Great place for brunch. The decor is a bit eccentric with dog paintings all over the walls. I enjoyed the appetizer of different kinds of bread. I got the eggs benedict such was good and the potatoes that came on the side were very nice as well. This place is a bit on the pricier side.Top spot for brunch in University City. Perfect place to do some day drinking with their AYCD (all you can drink) mimosas or bottomless bloody marys.
Very much a farm-to-table place. Highlights include Pork Roll and Egg sandwich and the Brunch Burger.I ordered the "fired oyster po boy" for lunch and it was awesome, especially the fries!!! This is the best fries I've ever had so far, though I've just been in the States for a little more than 3 months. A friend for UPenn highly recommend it, and it is indeed a great choice for fast but impressive food. I also highly recommend this cafe, and it might become one of the reasons that drive me to visit Philadelphia next time.This place is truly a gem. The decor is unique and quirky, along with the food (which is absolutely delicious). If you are planning to go here MAKE A RESERVATION, since it is typically very crowdedThe best part about this place is the many dog pictures adorning the walls. Aside from that, the food was "decent", but not for that price. My stomach was turning just looking at the menu. I knew going in that it was going to be pricey, but was hoping to at least get my moneys worth. The portions range from really small (most of the pastas) to large (the burger). It wasn't bad, but probably won't come back.My second trip here was last Sunday with my Mom and Grandma for brunch.  I told the hostess it was my Grandma's bday and she said they would make a big deal about it.  The waitstaff seemed overwhelmed.  Maybe they weren't expecting a big crowd for Sunday brunch on a sunny day in April??  The portions aren't huge but they are satisfying, I liked my french toast.  We had a party of 9 and mostly everyone enjoyed their food.  They dropped the ball on my Grandma's bday surprise, not even an acknowledgment from our server.  I'll think twice before going here again.  There are more impressive brunch menus elsewhere in the city.I ate here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend this week and it was perfect for that occasion.  Comfy and quiet inside, we got a nice, private table tucked away in the corner.  
The server was excellent, kind, and attentive.  He filled my water as soon as it got to halfway (which was often, because I drink a lot of water).  And he took note of the fact that I am vegan after only mentioning it once (brought me olive oil with the *vegan* bread instead of butter without me asking).  He was also not intrusive or interrupting on what was clearly a nice date.  
My meal, the seitan and dosas, was so effing delicious.  Nice to see a restaurant have a good vegan dish, not just a salad or some sad stir fry.  My boyfriend got a special that had pasta, lobster, and beef and enjoyed it.  We both also got specialty cocktails.  I got a Manhattan with figs which was one of the more delicious drinks I've tried.  My boyfriend got a hot toddy and loved it, the cinnamon sugar on the rim was a perfect touch.  Everything came out quickly too.
My only complaints:
I wish there was even one vegan appetizer.  
And the only vegan side dish is a curry cauliflower.  Since I already got a dish with curry, I didn't want more.
I wish there were more vegan options for dessert.  Only one.
Overall, I loved this meal.  It was exactly what we wanted.  We will definitely return.
UPDATE: While I loved dinner here and have had an equally delicious meal there, I was somewhat disappointed in brunch.  There was *nothing* vegan on the brunch menu.  However, they were accommodating and, with a little prodding, made a tofu scramble with veggies for me.  Don't know that I'll return for brunch, which their famous for.  Rather unfortunate.Above everything else and while the food was delicious, our waiter was top notch.  He knew the menu extremely well, paced our service just right and was not pushy with upselling.  I just thought he nailed it on the head.
The cheese and meat boards were divine and I loved being able to choose the cheese sampling. I went with the chicken and mash which was not too rich even though it was wrapped in proscuitto.  My mom and boyfriend had the wasabi crusted salmon which was also cooked to perfection and a good portion.
I love that the menu offers half and full sizes and the wine/beer list has a wide variety.  Definitely a do-over!The food is delicious and the service is over the top. I've dined here for large dinners with firms and private dinners with colleagues and brunch with friends. It's really a great spot. 
Food: Absolutely delicious. I recommend the salmon dish and the fried oysters. Do not leave without trying the fig cake for desert. YUM! 
Service: Excellent. The staff is friendly and polite. They're extremely attentive and know the menu well. 
Ambiance: Classy. It has a very artsy feel that doesn't compromise the upscale nature.The coziest place in town, excellent food, relaxing and has a lot of charm, a must visit place if you already haven't .3 Star food particularly for the $$$. Knocking off one star since I got food poisoning from the raw tuna. So painful!! I'll admit I have a weak stomach though but still, the quality here is suspect and I will never return.It's rare that I want to rush and write a review, but White Dog really hit the spot for me! I was staying at the Inn at Penn and looking for a nearby restaurant that was unique. I was in that kind of mood where I didn't know exactly what I wanted, and Yelp was giving me every specific cuisine type in the area. Anyway, a bartender at my hotel recommended this place as a "laid back continental restaurant," and it seemed the good fit for my hungry yet confused mood. 
What's weird about this place is since so much of the traffic is for brunch, it didn't come up in my dinner search. That's a huge miss because White Dog is great fir dinner. It's farm to table with a seasonal menu. The price point is a little higher than what's around, but I would say the food is worth it. I sat down and started with a chai tea infused Farmhouse Ale. It was fantastic and an easy transition into the fall beer season. If you are a beer drinker this place a good mix of some drafts and bottle options. I also noticed a cocktail menu I just wasn't in the mood to test, but it looked interesting. For an entree I ordered a half portion of the Spicy Lamb Rigatoni. IT WAS PERFECT! It was seasoned enough to have a true kick but not be uncomfortable. It also had this really nice basil and ricotta whip that perfectly balanced out the spice of the lamb. It was really thoughtfully paired, and I wish I had the appetite for the full dish. The half portion was $16 and the right amount for me since I'd eaten a late lunch and snacked most of the day. The full dish is about $24. Admittedly, the pasta didn't pair with my beer, so I left the booze alone to enjoy every single bite of my dinner. I finished eating and then returned to the rest of my beer to slowly drink and enjoy the bar.
University City has tons of quick eateries and food trucks, but this place seems to be a gem. If I was back in Philly I would definitely stop in again. I wish I had time for the morning brunch.Very good menu for Saturday brunch, and very good food.  The prices were about right for the quality and ambiance.  The service was lacking however.  Our server was borderline rude and cleared plates while we were still eating!  She also forgot to return after our appetizers were done to take our order and when flagged down just shrugged a "whatever".  A little more people skills and friendliness could easily bring this place up to 5 stars.The white dog is an institution.  It's been nestled just off penn campus for almost 30 years.  Fueled by an eclectic owner and a way ahead of its time philosophy, Judy wicks served up a political philosophy about community and sustainability for decades.  Her James beard award is for defining concepts like being the first business in pa to run entirely on alternative energy to mentoring Philadelphia youth into the culinary realm.
Flash forward to modern day.  Judy wicks may have bowed out in lieu of moshulu helmer Marty grims and much of her eclectic fare may have gone with her but I have to say that they food has only gotten better in all my years of dining there while going to Drexel. 
The lamb bolognese is hands down the best pasta dish I have ever had.  It's simple, rustic and perfectly executed with a beautiful simplicity.  Visit for this dish alone and you will leave happy... And sleepy.
The mushroom soup is also the best I've ever had.  They say its because the shrooms are from Kenner square.  I don't know about that but it is tasty
I used to get an amazing tuna tartar that was... The best ever.  That particular incarnation is gone and the updated version falls short of the previous but I don't take points away for trying new things and the new one is still pretty good.
Now that I have graduated I don't make it there as often but my most recent trip was just as amazing as I remember.  My last dinner was a delicious chicken with some sort of citrucy jus and bacon Mac and chz.  Of course it was deliciously gluttonous.
Over the years I've pretty much tried everything on the menu (from the awesome local drafts to the homemade desserts and wdc never ceases to impress.  I can't recommend enough checking out this Philly gem.  The food, service and philosophy are as 5 star as it comesOk so here's my 10th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
This restaurant deserves the distinction of 5 stars in my mind at least for brunch.
Ive eaten here on several occasions and I'll definitely return frequently because not only are the food, service, atmosphere, and everything else top notch but the prices are extremely reasonable and fair too!
I've heard that dinner is not as outstanding as brunch but I'll always wind up at their door when craving a satisfying and sublimely delicious morning/ afternoon meal!
One of my favorites by far!My bf and I have been together for awhile, and we finally decided that our parents should finally meet one another - a feat that was not easy to accomplish. After much consideration, and his parent's suggestions, we ended up going to the White Dog Cafe for lunch together.
It was a really nice spot for our occasion: small and nice with a homey feel, a laid back vibe that was perfect for easy conversation. We were seated downstairs, which was quieter than the upstairs area that includes a bar, however we did have a view of the back alley where supplies were coming in for the kitchen. Our waiter was nice and attentive, quickly placing and bringing our order and checking up on us occasionally. 
The food was really good - nice cafe style soups, salads, sandwiches and entree type dishes as well. And since there's a bar, they offer alcohol in the cafe so my parents got to enjoy a cocktail with their meal. Everything was really good, we tried a butternut squash soup, spinach and goat cheese salad, grilled chicken salad, omelet and an asian beef noodle stew. The menu we saw was shorter than what's listed on their website, but I have no idea why. But its a pleasant place to have a good meal and only spend a moderate amount of money.Came here to celebrate one of our friend's 25th birthday with a party of 15 for brunch or some outrageous number like that. Our server Eric was absolutely wonderful with each and every one of us despite our unending demands for the unlimited mimosas. Hats off to him, you can tell he's an experienced server. He also got all our seat numbers right with the food.
The food however, was even better than our server. Burrata appetizer? Godly. Wooden slate, red, yellow tomatoes, burrata, pesto, dots of reduced balsamic, and slices of bread crackers. Simple, effective, delicious, and well worth the price. My entree, the Pork Belly Benedict was wonderful too. 
As a server from a farm to table scratch kitchen restaurant I can really appreciate food of this higher caliber. The attention to detail with ingredients is outstanding and rest assured, your patrons can tell. 5/5 stars.I wish could give zero stars. The whole experience was disappointing.  Just zero class, zero attention to detail, zero responsibility, and zero "do the right thing".
I planned a private party to celebrate my daughter's college graduation.  Twenty family member traveled over 1500 miles to join the celebration.  I had worked for about 3 months with the catering manager picking out the right room, food and wine.  The event cost over $2500, and all I can say is the service was lousy, and the food mediocre (except the undercooked fish which was gross). I emailed the private party manager during the event every time something else happened, and spoke to him two days later.  I detailed the issues, and he was oh so apologetic. He talked to his Director and "generously" offered me a $100 gift card for a future dinner at the restaurant. Future dinner? Hmmmm, no thank you. Just ridiculous.  Problems:
1).  The Wine Cellar is actually two rooms, not one.  Our family, who wanted to be all together, had to decided whether to split up into two rooms or get crammed into one room.  We chose cram.
2).  The Wine Cellar is downstairs with zero accessibility for folks with mobility issues.  A couple of our elderly family members could not make it down the stairs.
3).  The printed menu had numerous misspellings: "Marlyand Crab Cakes" and "Rack of Lamp".  Ever heard of spell checker, or how about a simple read through of the $2500 menu?
4). I had discussed with the manager that we would like to offer beer and wine by the glass and asked to offer wine that was $12/ glass or less.  How was this handled?  The waiter handed out the full wine and drink menu and then announced that everyone needed to stay under $12/ glass.  Classy, right?
5).  5-6 of us ordered the bass.  It was significantly undercooked/ raw on the inside (the center had that translucent jellylike quality), we called the waitstaff back in and let them know it was inedible.  Then a head waiter came in and said "Oh, that is how we cook it, but if you want it cooked more, we can do that."  Uh, yes, we would like our food cooked so as to avoid illness. 
6). Dessert trio, is three thimble sized desserts that are essentially tasteless except for sugar.
7). After I had had enough, I asked to speak to the manager in private to express my concerns.  After every thing I said, he fed me the party line "I'll pass along your concerns". After hearing the standard response about 10 times I gave up...like talking to a robot. 
Take your private party to another venue that actually cares about quality and customer service.This is one of my favorite places in University City. I have been taking close friends and colleagues to here in the past years and we all have good time at White Dog Cafe. Plus, their food is all organic! Excellent environment. Good food. Recommend.i find that i give this place 4 stars more for ambience and service than the food, which makes me sad.  Every time i come here, i want it to be fabulous and delicious.   I mean, it's local, sustainable, and they seem to care....until they cook it.  It's all good, but not fantastic like i want it to be.  
The place is a beautifully kept old period property, though.  The cabinets have things stowed in them from other guests.  The windows show out to various parts of street.  the lighting is great, and the dog lamp shades and fixtures along with the doilies with dog patterns are so kitschy that you can't help but giggle at the sight.
All the wait staff are trying hard without trying too hard and the experience is always nice (they also have some pretty good beer on tap).  Overall, it's a place i'll keep giving my all.  But so far, the food...well.  Let's just say i'll keep hoping.Maybe it's just Philly food in general, but there is nothing on the menu that makes me say, "I must try this". Great food is easy to make, keep it simple. The dog can't perform on basic staples. The meat on the burger tasted gamey, the salads were bland. I continue to try white dog, but am never satisfied. The service is great.I had high expectations for this place since it has awesome reviews and is a farm to table restaurant. The portabella sandwich I got was pretty dry since there was only a small dab of aioli. The mushroom seemed like it was marinated in balsamic vinegar which I didn't like the taste of. 
I would be willing to come back and try something different since I doubt the place would have such good reviews if all food was like this.Oh, how I miss the White Dog. 4 fruitless years spent slaving away in Philadelphia and the only thing I learned was the glory and the greatness of the White Dog Cafe. The food, spectacular. The ambiance, charming. The staff, warm and welcoming. But the best part? The attached store, The Black Cat. Open late, packed with gems AND a selection of wacky hats? Yes, indeed. 
Stuffed and drunk, I'd select scented soaps and greeting cards and plastic chickens, peruse cookbooks and earrings and ceramic bowls covered in polka dots and peonies. I'd shop forever if I could. Well, I'd eat forever if I could, then I'd drink forever if I could, but given a third and final option, I would shop. And that, folks, is why I will forever treasure my time at the White Dog Cafe...I like to go here from time to time, for the brie or a hot coffee drink but sometimes the day bartenders rather talk to there friends then make me a drink. I do give credit to the sever who had to come to our cramped table.I stumbled upon this hidden gem while looking for a place to eat dinner in University City. Yes, it is expensive. Yes, the wait is lengthy and sucks balls.
But everything else is, simply put, incredible. The service is amazing and the food is even better ranging from the Spicy Lamb Bolognese to the best damn bread and butter I ever tasted. You even get pictures of dogs on the walls! What's not to love?
Man, I don't even need to say any more. Just hurry up and get your tail over to this place as soon as possible.My girlfriend and I stopped by White Dog Cafe for an early lunch right when they opened at 11:30 AM on a Tuesday. There's a sizable bar at the entrance and more seating towards the back. There's also a nice seating area outside. The dog-themed decorations are a plus too. There were a few groups already seated, but the lunch rush had filled the restaurant by around noon. We chose to sit at the bar as we were informed that they provide a 10% discount on lunch when you sit at the bar. The bartender who served us was friendly and the service was attentive. I ordered the Locust Point Farm Chicken Sandwich (smoked bacon, gruyere, pesto aioli, with a side of mixed greens and a pickle) and my girlfriend ordered the Green Meadow Double Cheddar Burger (smoked bacon mayo, Bibb lettuce, grilled red onion, on a brioche bun, with a side of truffle parmesan fries and a pickle). Both sandwiches were fantastic, fresh, and full of flavor. The Truffle Parmesan Fries that came with the burger were especially tasty.
White Dog Cafe provides excellent, quality, satisfying food in a well executed environment. We'll be sure to come back soon for another great experience.For weekend brunch, this place can't be beat. For dinner...well, yes, it can. But I digress. The best part of the brunch are the $10 bottomless mimosas/bloody marys/greyhounds/sangria (any combos of drinks). Fav brunch dishes: sausage and biscuits, whole wheat pancakes (light and fluffy, a welcome change from the very dense pancakes at other places) and spicy lamb ragu.Service was terrible.  Extremely slow.  The food was only fair and prices were high.  This is nothing like the other white dog cafe I've enjoyed.  So disappointed.  I went with a big group for an important celebration.Sit in the bar section for the best food at the best prices.