Went here because of a groupon and had a great time.  We went on a Friday and arrived early enough to try the happy hour - half off appetizer and wine for 3 bucks.  The atmosphere is a little odd, but the food was great.  We got the buffalo shrimp (special), chicken pita pizza, calamari, and the grilled vegetable platter.  Big portions and good prices, even without the happy hour.  Will definitely be going back.Hosted my 23rd birthday here this past weekend, where my guests got sufficiently plastered while watching the incredibly talented and beautiful women from Bravissimo Burlesque. We shimmied and sashayed, ate, drank, and toasted with private drink specials for our party. (Thanks for hooking us up Giovanni!) The bartenders were able to keep up with our group of 25+ party attendees, as well as the 30 or so other guests that evening. Impressive for such a small, crowded space.
Any other night: food's not bad, service is just ok and drinks are reasonably priced. 
But the burlesque show evenings, on the last Saturday of each month, are truly what keeps us coming back. 5 stars for them alone and for Wino playing host.The ambiance at WineO was very nice. The staff was friendly and the food was good. I took away a star only because service was extremely slow. We ordered a tuna sushi dish and it took way to long for something that isn't even cooked. It was also over priced. The rest of our meals though, were great.WineO is awesome!  I called to inquire about the timing of the monthly burlesque show and casually mentioned that I was coming to celebrate my husband's birthday.  The owner, Giovanni, told me that he will "take good care of us" and we would definitely have a fun evening.  
Well, that was an understatement.  As soon as we arrived for dinner, we were greeted by the warm, super friendly waitstaff.  Soon after, Giovanni came by to introduce himself and wished my husband a happy birthday.  It only got better and better from there.  A great bottle of wine.  The food was fresh and delicious.  My favorite items were the Shrimp Kabobs and the Panzanella with Jalapeno and Italian Bread.  Yum!  The burlesque show was unique and fun.  Giovanni surprised us by having one of the performers sing happy birthday to my husband, which plastered a HUGE smile across my husband's face.  The evening could not have gone better.  I would highly recommend WineO, especially on an event night.  It's a break from the ordinary and truly a memory that will last for a long time!!  Thank you, WineO.Omg! A true diamond in the rough! Northern Liberty's hidden treasure! The food here is amazing! Friendly staff and talented chef! Food is off the chart delicious I recommend the steak kabobs and calamari for appetizer and the gnocchi with Gorgonzola cream sauce for your main course. Absolutely to die for!! Reasonable prices for all and extensive wine list make it a most visit restaurant!I can't believe I used to live in the area for 3 years and never stopped in this place-I'm seriously beating myself up about this since I had a wonderful experience here and I now live in NYC.
I stopped in randomly on a Friday night with the bestie and was delighted to discover they had an amazing happy hour menu.
I ordered two glasses of house red and the MOST BEAUTIFUL and DELICIOUS cheese and fruit plate I've ever had in my life.  I've been to some foofy wine and cheese spots, and they're not touching WineO in terms of quality and presentation.  
We had to do a double take when we saw the bill, it was ridiculously affordable for the vast amount of food and drinks we ordered.  
I loved my experience here so much that I got a WineO T-shirt to take back home with me.  Yet I may have to wear it in dimly lit places so people don't think I'm a complete lush.It was my second time there and I was there for the show.  The food is good and the show is entertaining, highly recommended.My boyfriend and I used a restaurant.com gift certificate for an impromptu date night. I struggled between a 3 and 4 star rating, and ultimately decided to give them a 4 in hopes that my next  visit will bump them up from that 3.49999.
We got there a little after 6, and there was one other couple at the bar.  It was warm inside, but it was also very hot outside, and the windows were open. The decor is nice enough. I like the mixed matched chairs, but the random disco ball was confusing.
Our server was awesome. She had waters on the table right away, and kept it filled. When we got our appetizers, I asked for extra napkins before realizing she already had them sitting there. Five stars to her.
We got an order of Sweet and Spicy wings, and an order of calamari for an appetizer. The wings were giant and meaty, and I'd like to try the regular buffalo wings. The calamari was 3 times the portion you get at any other restaurant, and came fried peppers and onions, and 3 dipping sauces.  We took most of the calamari home.
I ordered the salmon with grilled vegetables and portabella. It wasn't bad, but it was heavy on olive oil, the mushrooms and tomatoes were very lemony, with the rest of the dish being a bit bland. The salmon was cooked well, but I wouldn't order it again.
Boyfriend ordered the Italian sausage sandwich. He enjoyed it, and I had some of the saucy cheesy Italian hoagie roll it was on. The marinara was delicious, as was the bread. In fact, if I could, I would just order saucy cheese bread. 
The owner popped over to check on us during our entrees. The little boy mentioned in other reviews was there, but he kept to himself and was well behaved.
WineO has happy hour, but its only valid at the bar, which is kind of annoying. Also they have a $25 dollar card minimum, which is absurd, and FYI, against Visa/Mastercard bylaws.WineO would be the appropriate name for this place - a bar focused on a great selection of fine wines.  They provided some yummy wines at the Elite Event - I spent most of the night sipping on a wonderful chardonnay.
After the event at Area 919, we decided to give the place a go.  The staff was friendly and attentive, and the setting was best described as cozy rustic Italian.  The bar, appropriately, felt like sitting in a wine cellar.  
The food was great.  The pita and artichoke dip was delicious.   I ordered a caprese - tomato, basil, and mozzarella - piadina, which was huge!   It definitely hit the spot.  Other menu items also looked delicious.
The $50 date night special on Thursdays definitely looks neat, and their happy hour specials are a steal, so I will definitely have to stop by again soon.This was my second time at WineO.  The first visit was a 20 minute wait at at table while no one acknowledged us sitting there.  We left.  Round two took place last night, a Tuesday.  
WineO is a pretty nice place actually.  It was much bigger than I had expected with the dinning room on the right side of the restaurant.  The bar area has a great decor.  It's a pretty chill, not too pretentious place, which is nice for a "wine bar".
I think on a Tuesday night there was only one girl running the entire restaurant.  She was very friendly, helpful and patient with us.  
The wine I choose was average to horrible.  I'm not going to let that interfere with my opinion of WineO but I'd probably be more apt to return if the wine I had wasn't below average.  The wine list was just extensive enough in my opinion.  There may have been about 30+ different bottles and most of which were available by the glass.  Even the beer list was quite acceptable.  Both the beer and the wine were very well priced.
We also had some food for this visit since we weren't ignored this time; an app to share and two entrees.  In general, I though the food was subpar and a little too heavy on some ingredients.  I'm certain that less ingredients and fresher ingredients would make a big difference.  My main concern was that they're really charging too much for what they're offering.  I can get a much more delicious and fresher meal a couple blocks away for 3/4 the price.  I guess that's the tradeoff for decent drink prices.
Evidently, around 9pm on Tuesdays is open mic night.  If you're down with that, good for you.  For anyone else more interested in a relaxing dinner with good company, go somewhere else.  I would suggest they move open mic hour to later in the night while people aren't finishing up their meals.
Overall, I didn't hate WineO even though they blew me off for the first visit.  It says a lot about how one waitress can make a difference than the previous.  I sort of liked the customer crowd and I may go back just for drinks on occasion.  But mostly just because it's close to my apartment.  I would never go out of my way to go there.  Definitely not interested in anything more than apps at the bar for future visits.Our server/bartender Brooke was fabulous. She's the only reason I didn't give one star. The wine was great and she was very knowledgeable. 
That being said, the food was sub par. My girlfriend's salmon smelled and tasted fishy to the point where we were afraid to eat it because we thought it was spoiled. I ordered my steak rare and it came out medium well to well done. Both dishes were incredibly salty. 
Go for drinks. Skip the food.Came here after an Elite event and I'm actually still sitting at the table with Z and the rest of the Elite. Cozy little dimmly lit place bit very friendly. The owner picked up the phone and gave us directions because we were horribly lost.  This just speaks to the family feel of the place. Not only did my Miller come with a frosted glass but also with a cute waitress. ;) They have a great special on Thursdays for a date that ends in 3 courses and a bottle of wine for $50. How can u beat that!! The mussels were extraordinary and the pita bread and artichoke that's they give out with every meal could be an entrée in itself. Definately coming back without the Elite crew one of these Thursday nights.The spot is very cute, nestled back a bit in a neighborhood, and has a bit of an artsy feel to it.  That, however, was the best thing about it.  We had a reservation, which was unnecessary as we were the only people in the bar.  And that's the thing, it's definitely more of a bar than a nice restaurant.  The music was nice, but a bit too loud; my husband and I had to raise our voices to hear each other.
The appetizer we got was fine, but things went a bit downhill from there.  My husband got the lamb "lollipops", which were good, though a bit overpriced.  I had the bouillabase, which was not amazing.  The flavors didn't marry properly, the pasta was overcoked, and the sauce was bland.  I left the restaurant hungry because I couldn't eat any more than a quarter of the dish.
My husband and I each had a glass of wine, and each was worthy of a good review.  The waitress was very knowledgeable about the wine list, and was able to make good recommendations.  We were very satisfied with the glasses that we chose.  While I wouldn't come back for the food, the wine might be worth another shot!
Overall, WineO was OK, and not terribly expensive.  But for the money, you can get much more than "OK" somewhere else.If you came to WineO for the wine, you will likely be impressed at the selection. The array runs an exhaustive three pages, but when I arrived to WineO, with fellow Yelpers in tow, I was expecting a gastropub. With a focus on the gastro.  Don't get me wrong I like my wine but that just it, I like MY wine, from MY cellar. (garage) That, and I was hungry, much like the rest of the crew.
I hastily grabbed a menu and placed my order, figuring something simple would do. A burger, they can't mess that up, right? Can they?
Sadly, what was promised on the menu was not what was delivered to the plate and what was delivered was certainty nothing to write home about. Slightly above par.
The waitress failed articulate to everyone that the sweet potato fries promised with the burger were not available and generally seemed frazzled by the number of people. Which seemed odd since our group of about 20 was pretty much the only people there.
This relatively roomy dimly lit "gastropub" (minus the gastro) just failed to impress ..  middle of the road food, slightly above average atmosphere, and mediocre service.
All around about a 2.5.They are serious about wine...I enjoy good wine--food is an after thought.  My Love & I went here on our date night.  I like the atmosphere & the service was great.  The server asked about my meal & offered wine pairing--loved that!!  We enjoyed our meals--will definitely recommend & return soon.i've never eaten a full meal here, but based on my experience of grazing over snacks and drinks, i am a fan.  calamari is great.  plus i always seem to run into a long-lost neighbor here, or spend way too much time chatting with the bartenders or the owner.  it's a place you can go solo for a drink and leave with a few new (or rekindled old) friends under your belt.  comfy, inexpensive, awesome.My girlfriend and I went to WineO using a Groupon we picked up a few months back.  Our reservation was for 6pm, but it was clear that we didn't need to make one, as we were two of about 10 people in the entire place (The place opens at 5pm, so I'm sure it picks up later in the evening).  The Breastaurant (what I like to call restaurants with prominent bars) was lightly decorated and simple with dim lighting and an overall cozy interior.  Our server was prompt, but not pushy, and knowledgable regarding the menu (both food and wine) without being condescending (my girlfriend and aren't huge wine enthusiasts).  So far we were pleased.
What thrilled us both was the quality of the food.  I had a seafood risotto, which literally had a peice of seafood in every single bite and was delicious.  The GF had tortollini in a pesto cream sauce (which I was happy to steal a bite of) that was also wonderful.  We shared an awesome calamari appetizer and tiramisu dessert, and split a bottle of wine (reccomended by the waiter - excellent).
Overall, I would reccomend WineO as a first-date Impress-a-New-Girl night (especially if you know a little about wine).  The food rocks, and the service/setting is simple and romantic.Well what can I say about this place that hasn't been covered by everyone so far. We Elite Yelpers invaded after the event at Area 919. 
We came, we saw, we rearranged furniture. 
Essentially we took over the whole place, aside from the owners and staff. After turning their dining room into one long banquet table we ordered some food and drink. My food was ok, but nothing special enough to make me drive all the way back to Northern Liberties again for. Maybe if I am in the area late at night and hungry I'll stop in since their kitchen stays open until 1:30am. All of the staff was friendly and the owner was very nice to accommodate our mob with out any advance warning.Sara C. does a great job describing the look and feel of WineO . I will only add that on a personal level the owner, and the bar tender working last night as well,  were really cool & very engaging. This amplified the homey rustic feel.
I take away one star simply because unlike everyone else, including Sara, my food was not great. I viewed glorious burgers, mussels, chicken sandwiches with what seemed to be a waterfall of melted cheese...a cheese fall if you will. But my sad little Prosciutto, Arugula, and Mozzarella (I think that's what it was supposed to be, there wasn't enough to tell) piadina was under filled, under filling, and unimpressive. I had never had a piadina, but since it was listed in the sandwiches right under the burger, I assumed I was getting a sandwich...this was in fact an Italian quesadillia...I love quesadillias, but this one not at all.
That aside, I really liked this place. I will be back. I will be ordering something else, and I am sure I will be adding a star :)We stopped in here when there was not a band and that was probably our biggest mistake. Only good music would lure anyone into a dive like this. The food was a hodge podge of items including Italian chicken, a cheese and nut plate and sushi. I was too scared to try sushi here. Service was slow and poor. I hate complaining but I can't think of anything good to mention.... The music must be their redeeming quality!i like wineo in theory.  dont want to review it badly.   i think all wineos problems are from lack of business (not having servers, replacement bottles of wine, inconsistent food quality)  
i think they are trying to survive.  the more you support them the better the place will be.  
ps dont use a coupon and then complain.  how cheap are you?This place was definitely not what I had expected it to be. Based on the name, the cute outside and quaint location, I was envisioning a romantic Italian restaurant with great food and a wine menu. Instead we walked into a bar/pub with mediocre food at best. I ordered overdone, chewy salmon and a shrimp salad that was dry and tasteless. My friend ordered grilled vegetables that tasted like they had been frozen and thawed out. For this type of food I would honestly just have cooked at home, and I am no chef. Sadly, won't be going back for the food. Perhaps will go here to grab a beer sometime. Our waitress was very nice.I had always enjoyed my servers at WineO, but had only been going there for late night drinks. So when there was a Groupon for WineO I decided to try the food. The menu is a little disjointed and all-over-the-place, which can be fine, but it didn't fit the theme WineO seems to be shooting for (mediterranean? wine country?).
From what I remember, the food was fine, however it was the interaction with the chef/owner that has made me never want to go to this restaurant again. I wanted to try the "Date Night" special, so I followed the Groupon instructions telling patrons to make reservations and to make note of the Groupon: I made reservations through OpenTable and wrote that we would be using our Groupon, and showed up for dinner. At the end of the meal the waitress said the Groupon wasn't valid for Date Night, which we weren't told when ordering and this limitation wasn't noted as a stipulation on the Groupon. I told her that we had followed the Groupon instructions, the Groupon says "valid for food and drink" and she went to talk to the chef/owner? Not sure of his exact title, but I think he called himself the owner.
The whole problem is that we are usually very deferent to restaurants and their employees--my fiance and I are both former chefs and waitstaff. We were prepared to talk about the issue and most likely concede, because we don't like public confrontations.
But he never spoke reasonably, or nicely, to us. He simply came out and started speaking angrily to me about all of the money he was already losing on the "Date Night" deal so he would never let the Groupon apply to that. I explained that we followed the Groupon instructions, and had noted it in the comments section of the reservation, like Groupon had said to do, so I thought this was all that I needed to do (all of the other restaurants we've used Groupons for haven't been very strict at all about "how" to use it).
He then started explaining to me that Groupon, OpenTable and his restaurant are all separate businesses and that the comments section on OpenTable is for things like "VIP" or "This is for someone's birthday." This confused me more. As a side note, I'm very aware that this NoLibs restaurant isn't also the global online reservation website and I thought that the comments section was where you wrote in notes for your impending dinner, like "VIP," "Birthday," or..."We will use a Groupon." He repeated this statement and how much money he was losing over and over, like a broken record and I started crying. I've never left an interaction as a customer in a restaurant crying. I usually let things slide b/c I know how crazy stressful running a restaurant is. I know it probably seems like we must've yelled/done something to warrant his reaction, but I was honestly just scared and confused by his hostility. I immediately came home to check Yelp and see if I was the only person with this Groupon issue of "new rules" made-up before, during or after dinner. I clearly was not.
Needless to say, our bill was the full original bill, plus 4 cards for "One free glass of house wine." We left the waitress a 20% tip b/c her service was fine and her boss' reaction was totally not her fault. And we never got to use the $20/$40 Groupon b/c we will never go there again. 
Cheers!I FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!
The first time my husband and I went to WineO, we were just going for drinks. We ordered a fruit and cheese plate. I was amazed at how it was put together. It wasn't just strawberries and grapes. They put oranges, dates, and apples. We were told about the different specials they had on each night of the week, and immediately wanted to go to the Couples Night on thursdays. $50 for 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts and a bottle of their house red or white wine. That's a great deal! 
I set up a couples dinner for 12 of our friends at WineO on a thursday night. Service was great. The waitress was very sweet and accommodating for a group as big as ours. I had the calamari, the 4 cheese pasta, and the cheesecake. The food was spectacular. 
I would recommend everyone to eat here on a couples night. Great for a date night or even just drinks.The most frustrating part about WineO is that it has so much potential.  It's in a cool location, has plenty of room, and is a decent space.  The idea of a wine bar, or cozy neighborhood bar on the quirky triangle of Poplar and St. John Neumann is outstanding. 
After stopping in a couple of times and a recent experience with dinner, however, I'm convinced that only a change in management/ownership will be able to save this place.  Why?  It doesn't know what it's supposed to be, and it fails at the things it tries.  
-A wine bar? The wine selection is so-so, our server had no insights into wine, and the food doesn't match up well with the wine bar concept.  As an example, I ordered a chianti.  The server brought a bottle different from the one I had ordered, and AS HE OPENED IT explained that it was "the replacement" for the one I ordered.  When I asked if he would describe it so I could decide whether I wanted it, he replied "it's from Italy and the distributor said it was a replacement for the one you ordered."  Nothing about vineyard, vintage, taste, etc...   
-A restaurant?  The food is downright awful.  The panzanella consisted of soggy bread topped with chopped, unripe vegatables. The cheese sauce on my gnocchi tasted like flour, and I could actually see the clumps of flour on closer examination.  Easily the worst meal I've had in a restaurant since stopping at a bad diner while passing through Wheeling, West Virginia in 1996.    
-A neighborhood bar?  It might meet this need best.  They serve beer, wine, and have the local teams on tv, but it just doesn't feel all that homey.  My local needs to have heat on cold winter nights.  The temperature inside seemed to be around 50 degrees.  The server was wearing a knit hat!
In general, poor service, terrible food.  But, the good news is, there's plenty of opportunity for improvement!Exceedingly mediocre.  Yep, I bet you didn't know an establishment could exceed at being mediocre, but this place does it.  I wasn't too impressed my first trip out here, but gave it a second chance.  Walking in to an empty bar at 9 on a Saturday was my first clue that I was making a mistake.  The small furry critter that ran across the dining room floor after we sat down was the second.  I'm sure lots of restaurants have mice; I've just never seen them.
The food just isn't good.  I'm not a wine drinker, but I've been assured the house wine is terrible.  I just couldn't wait to get out of there and was in a lousy mood for the rest of the evening.
As mentioned by others, the saving grace of this place is the bartender/server, Kissy (I may be spelling that wrong).  She makes it worth stopping in for a drink, but that's all they'll be getting out of me.The one thing about wine-o is the  bartender.  She is great!  My boyfriend and I went to Wine-O last night just b/c we were driving up 5th and wanted a late night snack.  We hadn't been there since Fall and when we walked in, we were greeted with a smile asked how we've been, She then went on to joke about winter hibernation and got us seated at the bar.  LOVE HER! 
Additionally there are no wine snobs at Wine-O.  The clientele is as mixed as this changing neighborhood.  The music is shuffled constantly and the atmosphere is cozy.  
This evening I had a tempranillo suggested by the bartender.  It was delicious, not too sweet, tasty, and even.  
Again not pretentious, she suggested the buffalo shrimp and they were great: 6 big shrimp, lightly breaded in buffalo sauce.  My boyfriend ordered an Italian sausage sandwich that came with fries.  It was good and so big we took half home.  
I've never eaten a formal meal here so I can't rate the dinner food.  If your up for conversations and bar food Wine-O is a great choice.I love this place. Amazing liquor and wine selection. Super friendly service and LOVE the Quizzo night. Just great food, really nice staff, and a good time.. Sorry I'm not writing more.. I just don't fancy myself an amateur critic or aspiring writer.. So I don't feel the need to waste my time writing some long banal review.I tried this place for the second time the other night after going for happy hour about 6 months ago. My first experience wasn't great, but it's a cute space so I decided to give it another try. We got there during happy hour which for the night we went advertised 1/2 price flights. The special was actually $13 for a flight (three 2 oz glasses of either red or white) and a cheese plate. The only wine option for happy hour was $3 house wine which I had the first time and was served Chanti from the bottle with the straw on it - you know the one I mean - you'd expect to find it in an old school Italian restaurant in South Philly... So, I didn't opt for the $3 wine this time. My friend and I shared the cheese plate which was fine, but aside from the sharp provolone with whole peppercorns (not a favorite) the others - gorgonzola, goat cheese and fontina, are pretty much staples in my fridge. Nothing too exciting, but very reasonable on the happy hour deal. We wanted dinner, but decided to split a bunch of appetizers instead of entrees. We ordered the grilled vegetable platter, calamari, and tuna mango maki roll. The grilled vegetables comes with onions, peppers, zucchini and eggplant. Unfortunately that's all it comes with, so if you're inclined to want to put your veggies on something, a fork is your only option. The flavor was very good, but eating a forkful of grilled onions doesn't do it for me. It did have two pieces of bread with bruschetta on the side, but the bread was really dry, and since it was already topped it didn't help solve the veggie problem. The calamari was fine - a little on the chewy side, but I appreciated the variety of sauces it came with. The maki was not like anything I (or anyone I know) would call maki. The plate had fist sized rolls of raw tuna wrapped loosely around guacamole with a mango salsa on the side. It was served with two giant fried wantons that we were told to use to eat the tuna and mango. I tried cutting through the tuna, but realized the white membrane part was still attached which I ended up having to pull like a string from my mouth after taking my first (and last) bite. We sent it back. I really wanted to like this place, but for the money there are too many other better options nearby :(After my 4th time here I am finally writing this just because this place is just superb.  
A nice, family owned business with great food and service!  The last time I dined there I ordered the stuffed portobello mushroom with ground beef (I get it every time!) along with steamed clams with chorizo sausage- awesome portions for the price!
Definitely will be returning!!!Oh, I really wanted you to be special, WineO. I feel bad saying it, but you just disappointed me so. Your location, though quaint, was completely ruined by everything else. The bar is nice - all that woodwork! - but your dining room is not very inviting (dark and dingey). Your staff was "meh" when we showed up around 7:30 for dinner and drinks. Your beer selection made me cranky. Your menu made my stomach turn. And your service left us wanting (to leave, that is.) The biggest sadface to the whole trip to see you: women's softball on the TVs directly across from our table. We were in foul spirits for days afterwards.I went to a Place called WineO & ATE like a FoodO! Yum..
 I notice most of the bad reviews are from a while ago- thinking something must have changed because my husband & I absolutely loved the place!
Tried it here for the 1st time to get a bite before a concert at the Electric Factory..
Don't be fooled by appearances. My husband confessed when we first walked in he was wondering what I got him into. Upon entering, there was a guy standing out front smoking, a couple dudes at the bar & 1 table of people eating. I guess it looked too much like a bar fly place to him which he is most definitely not.  
Hubby's tune quickly changed after talking with the charming hostess & our friendly waitress, Brooke.
We ordered & were told our choices were excellent & we ordered delicious plates. This was very true! !! Everything was EXCELLENT!! Can't wait to go back. 
Only downfall- they have ruined Calamari for me from everywhere else... 
SERIOUSLY- GET THE CALAMARI!!!! BEST EVER! the aioli sauce is out of this world & it is also served with roasted peppers... Ok my mouth just watered! Time to go back to WINEO!! :)This was stop number three on my birthday weekend.  The wine and beer selection is pretty decent.  LOVED the atmosphere and brick exposed locale--reminds me of places in NYC.  Very cool place to chill over vino with friends or to just watch a sports game.  They have a big sitting area for dinner--which became packed as the night wore on.  The bartender was friendly and didn't pressure us to keep consuming or ordering food.  We had appetizers and though I liked most of the stuff on the menu, the wings were NOT tasty at all--skip them.  I'd return here next time am in Philly.My friend and I went here last night. Yes, my friend noticed (I believe through Living Social) that they had an awesome deal for $50 on Thursdays--3 course meal (for each person) and a bottle of wine to share so we figured we:d check it out..  Otherwise, we probably would not have known this place existed. 
I'm glad we went.  
Pretty empty for a Thursday night-but with the rain, everywhere we went was pretty empty. However, we had a good time and enjoyed our food.  My friend had the pasta with four cheeses and I had the Chicken Florentine. I tried both meals and they were tasty.  My friend said the same.  We both ordered the Caprese Salad for an appetizer.  It was very fresh and just what you want from a Caprese Salad.
We had WineO's homemade Tiramisu for dessert-- which was excellent.  
I think the best part of our experience at WineO was being served by the owner.  I would love if at all restaurants the owner came out and said "hello", let alone serve me.  We also got the chance to see what a hard-worker the owner is and realized how much crap one puts up with as the owner of a restaurant...especially when it comes to cheap people with coupons expecting a five-star dining experience.  What kind of people use coupons with a party of 6 anyway?  
Anyway...as always, I go to a restaurant hoping for good food, a nice time with good company, and a place that makes me feel welcome and comfortable.  WineO did that for me.  Enjoy.Based on reviews, WineO seems to leave many patrons perplexed: They went expecting one thing and felt they got served another. Perhaps they imagined a wine bar of the Center City variety like Tria or Vintage, and so they felt duped by WineO's less than pretentious, less than sophisticated atmosphere. Yes, it might be considered a "dive" when compared to other Northern Liberties' options. But note, people, the name is "WineO," not "Wine Snob," "Wine Aficionado," "Wine Enthusiast." The name "WineO" suggests a person who loves wine...maybe a little too much, so much in fact that the person will even admit to having a box of Franzia in the fridge on occasion (for holiday guests, of course). This person doesn't need or want to pay $20 for parking and $10 and up for a glass of his or her favorite beverage, and he or she doesn't need a $20 and up meal to complement his or her drink of choice. This person rarely opts to sip his or her wine selection before consumption and rarely does he or she think to swirl, tilt, gurgle, etc. After all, in Italy everyone drinks wine, from the fancy to the homemade, and everyone appreciates a hearty Italian meal regardless of class. This all goes to say that WineO is a local bar for people who love wine, but not the classism that often comes with it in America's urban dining scene. The food is mostly authentic, rustic Italian, with, admittedly, a few out of sync options on the menu. One can expect fresh, absurdly large portions. It is rarely crowded and at least 1 local can always be found in his or her favorite seat during all hours of operation. WineO may not always have everything listed on their menu, but what this restaurant lacks in attention to detail and sophistication, it makes up for in working class authenticity in a neighborhood where the economic, racial, and ethnic diversity is dwindling in accordance with the building of $400,000+ properties and establishment of Starr eateries. Don't pass this place up: Just go and be open to what it has to offer.Nice, affordable, comfortable, and homey. Nothing is really worth raving about in particular, but the atmosphere makes it a definite place to go back to. 
The wine was very reasonable and approachable - nothing phenomenal, just good table wine. The food was comfort style but nothing stood out as excellent. (Would definitely recommend the Panzanella which is actually bruschetta with jalapeno). 
The service is excellent, though they did not have half of the dishes we asked for. Definitely a place to hang out for a long time with friends drinking some yummy wine.We went here on Saturday to hear a friend of ours play. I did not really have too many expectations and had a pleasant time overall. We were a party of four and we were able to get a booth with no problems. 
The decor is somewhat rundown and the booth acted like a seesaw: when the folks behind us sat down - we rose up, when they left - we sank back down. We were in the back room across from the kitchen and the room was dimly lit (which I like), but the glaring light from the open kitchen was unpleasant - they could easily put up a divider in the open space (like a little curtain across the counter behind the bar) to alleviate the glare. 
There seemed to be a shortage of staff (which happens and is not an issue) as the owner was running around tending to all the orders and all the tables. This may explain why I found service to be a bit spotty - inattentive and attentive at all the wrong times. For instance - four full drinks on the table and he is there to ask if we need more, empty drinks and he is nowhere to be found. 
We all ordered dinner (apps, mains, dessert) and the food was OKAY. It was not great - but definitely edible and reasonably priced. We started off with calamari, which was nice and crisp and tender featuring fried pepper slices (yum!) and a trio of dipping sauces. We also had the sweet potato fries, which were more like chips than fries as the potatoes had been cut ribbon-thin and fried served along side maple syrup. These were not really my taste, but I could see how someone with more of a sweet tooth could love them. 
I ordered the pasta quatro fromaggio and was served a LARGE portion of nicely cooked, al dente pasta in an appropriate amount of sauce. It was tasty. Other entrees at the table were generously portioned and everyone seemed to enjoy - I didn't try them, so I can't really say how they tasted. 
The wine list is impressive and, as others have remarked, was reasonably priced. The owner said that they are opening up a backyard wine garden in the summer and I can see this as being a big draw. 
Overall, we had a good time marred only by spotty service (which could be excused by short satff) and some odd infrastructure issues. It was a good place to see a band and as others have said - it is cash only, but they have an ATM on-site. I would go back if I were meeting someone in that neighborhood, but I am not sure I would make a special trip.WineO is a bar trapped in the middle. It is bi-curious...somewhat confused. Everything about the place screams really cool neighborhood dive bar. The place that would be your standbye if you live around there. But their menu & lack of commitment to the full dive bar vibe signals they are trying to be a nice resturant. This review goes to 4-5 stars if they scrap their ambitions for nice rest territory and embrace the dive bar vibe they are already set up for. Trust me, when you see the joint you'd much rather order a burger & fries than salmon. 
Overall cool place and I recomend. Good beer & wine selection. Burger was good &  my g/f had some foccia sand that she liked. Also a plus - really good old school hip hop playing all night (think this is how we chill from '93 til..)Me and my husband ate here and decided to try a special that they were offering.  It was a very expensive special, but it was a special occasion and we decided to splurge.  This was last year and I want to say the special was more than 50$ and included a bottle of wine.  I asked about the price and the waiter verified the price.  But when the check came it included a tip that was more than 20%.  When I asked about it, he simply replied that he was the owner and walked away.  Last weekend my in-laws went to this restaurant and told us that their waitress had made a mistake on their order (a salad with dressing instead of without).  After bringing out the correct food, the waitress just added the price of the replacement meal into the tip.  Trust me the food quality does not make up for the unfair business practices.  Whatever you may think personally about tipping, I believe that a business should communicate upfront about their policies and if it is unstated then it is assumed that it is up to the customer to gauge the worth of the service not the business.Wineo is a cute little find in Northern Liberties. Slightly off the beaten path, on the corner of 5th and Poplar, you could easily pass the place without noticing it. However, it's worth a second glance!
I was at Wineo for a Philly2night VIP wine tasting and I sampled a variety of fine Italian wines and noshed on some pita and artichoke - all for free! I never would have thought to have pita and artichoke, but it was pretty good and it held me over (or from falling over) until the end of the wine tasting,
After the wine tasting, I ordered food to share with a few friends. The fried calamari was excellent. I really liked the fried jalepenos that were mixed in there as I'm a glutton for spicy food! The wings and mussels were also pretty good. I was disappointed with the tuna roll I ordered. I guess I misread the description and thought I was ordering sushi with tuna and avocado, but it was more like sashimi and the piece of tuna was way too large to eat with any kind of grace. I wouldn't order that particular dish again, but the rest was delish.
Another note worth mentioning is the date night special they have on Thursday nights. For $50, you get 3 courses and a bottle of wine! You can't really beat that deal! And, if the weather is nice, you can sit outside!
I enjoy WineO, I just hope other people start to realize what a cool place it is so there would be a few more people in the restaurant. 
Side note - the bartender is pretty cool, too!This used to be the Ministry of Information. It's really weird walking in the place, because it looks like Ministry, but it's not Ministry. It's like the Twilight Zone. 
I went to dinner this past Friday with a friend of mine that had a groupon (or Living Social deal, I forget which).
The decor and ambiance is very nice, and they were empty when we got there. We were seated right away, and the waitress came over right away. Neither of us ordered a drink, and our water came quickly. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Finally! we got to order! Then we waited and waited and waited. Finally we got to eat! The manager came early in our meal and we confirmed the food was good. The waitress did not come. I put my empty water glass on the edge of the table. And the waitress did not come. I tried to make eye contact, I tried to wave. The waitress did not acknowldge us. Finally my friend went to the manager for water. We were almost done our meal at the point.
The food was very good, nothing to scream about, but decent. But it is not worth the wait and terrible service.
Also, I did not mind this, but something to note- there was a little boy of about 3 that belonged to the manager/owner. He kept being helped out of the kitchen and was running around the restuarant, not causing much of a ruckus, but not helping the romantic ambiance. At one point, he came to our table and wanted to sit with us. He said he had chicken nuggets, and I told him to get them and come sit with us. His dad(? I guess) came and retrieved him after a couple minutes. I wouldn't have minded him joining us, but I'm sure many diners would find this very annoying.I was a little reluctant to do 5 stars because I wouldn't say that the food is quite as good as you can get at some of the high-dollar joints in Philly, but, for the price I think the quality is actually great. More than just the food though (which seems to be better and better every time we go), I have to comment on the people. Bad service is all to easy to find in Philly, particularly in NoLibs, but everyone at this place seems to really care about their customers and the presentation of their food, menu and wine. The wine list is incredible and their staff is very knowledgeable about the offering. From the appetizers, to the entrees (especially the pasta and Italian dishes) to the desserts, I have never experienced a bad meal. Whether you're in the neighborhood or coming in from the burbs or elsewhere in the city, it is well worth the trip!This was my first time here, and I'm glad I didn't pay attention to these poor reviews before we met with some friends at WineO.
Our friends arrived about an hour before we did, just to relax and enjoy a drink & appetizer at the bar - the bartender was friendly to them and they were happy with the calamari they ordered (they read a few of these comments while they were waiting for us, and teased the bartender abotu being the "mean one).
At dinner, we enjoyed seafood risotto, grilled salmon, pork chops and a couple of  shrimp salads and plenty of wine (they're also willing to give a taste before you buy your glass). Plus, we even had a Groupon which the waiter accepted with a smile.  
We met the owner as well (I work with wine co.s/ restaurants on promos etc), and heard about the types who will use a bunch of coupons and will leave a 5.00 tip on 100.00 tab  then write a poor review.  
Bottom line is, we had a nice night, some good wine and very good food and we'll probably all head back Wineo again - esp. for the 'date night" special - 50 per couple with wine - you cannot beat that in Philly!great atmosphere . nice service . food was good especially the sweet potato fries  . loved the wine list!This is our local watering hole... the only minor gripe we have is that its cash only, which one can get over very quickly. Wineo's is chill place, has an interesting selection of wines (which they serve in flights, if you're into that sort of thing) and brews.  we grab late night eats and brunch here and never had a bad meal. the skewers are simply prepared but delicious. the formaggio pasta is  awesome - rich, like adult mac and cheese. my wife loves the burger and sweet potato fries. Service (kissy, dave and gio) is great as well.My fiancée and I visited this restaurant on Saturday night and were very disappointed.   
Major complaints:
1) Temperature - It was freezing cold.  We had to put on our jackets.  Also the bathrooms are not  heated at all. So if you have to go, hold it.  The server knew it was chilly and said it would warm up.  It didn't.  I had to retrieve our coats b/c it was too cold.  
2) Food was bland.  We ordered the Bouillabaisse and the Salmon.  Both had good/decent quality ingredients but the preparation was terrible.  Both lacked flavor.  The Rouille sauce for the Bouillabaisse had little if any flavor.  The Salmon hadn't been seasoned at all and was overcooked.  The menu selection was good as it had a wide range of prices for meals so you could spend $12-15 for an entree or $25 for an entree.
3) Wine - The selection was ok.  But for a place that was suppose to be a wine bar it had a pretty small selection.  My fiancee's wine was pretty good. However, I had a cabernet that had been opened some time ago.  It lacked the sharpness of  wine that was opened recently.  It was flat.  
The service was good.  Our waiter was very nice and the food came out quickly.   The decor is not very winebar-ish which is actually good for me.  It feels more like a sports bar and has no pretentiousness.  I think that is a great feature of the place.  I wish them well, I hope they can turn it around but at this time I could not recommend for anyone to try it out.LOVEEEE this place! It has quickly become my favorite spot for "date-night" in the past year. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon it one evening, and decided to give it a whirl. It's a nice atmosphere, with a menu full of interesting and delicious items. The wine list is great, and the bottles are all fairly reasonable! They do a date-night special one night of the week (I believe it's Tuesday?) where you get a bottle of wine, an app, 2 entrees, and a dessert for 50 bucks. Ummmmm...awesome! I've been here many times, and will continue to go back. It is NEVER crowded, so if you want a relaxing evening away from the crowds of the city...venture on over to WineO and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!At this point, I'm not sure if their open anymore.  I thought the service was nice, but the kitchen was damn slow and we were the only ones there.  I thought the food was better than I expected.  The chicken and steak were cooked well and tasted like good quality meat.  The pizza wasn't so great but that was probably our fault for ordering it.  I like the location, it's just a shame that there is not more going on here.  It seems like it could be a good spot if they could only get a decent crowd.The food was good, but  we waited 1 1/2 hours for our food.  Giovanni has a terrible attitude, he was impatient, brash with people in the aisles and at the tables; yeling and just down right nasty. This place can not handle a big crowd and there was an event being held about phenomenal women.  
I won't be returning and I don't recommend this place to anyone!!Very nice people, but the only enjoyable item we ate was the hummus, which I am pretty sure was just Bobbi's, which is always delicious. The menu is all over the place (french fries with wiz are Mediterranean?), and the place suffered from that old, stale deep fryer smell. It's an okay place to grab a drink, but that's the extent of reasons to go.Had a coupon and would have been less disappointed if it could been used towards wine instead of the food. The calamari, grilled octopus, chicken kabob, and lamb chops were so bland and extremely overcooked. The one thing that did had taste was the risotto but unfortunately too salty. We quickly regret that they gave huge portions.
Come for their nice selection of wine, as for the food...you get the idea.I'll admit it, I am only just really discovering Northern Liberties. Late to the game, I know, but it has been a great experience so far.
WineO is adorable! I went there last Wednesday for a Philly2night VIP and Philadelphia Weekly sponsored two hour open bar. They had free Cruzan rum drinks (yum!), beer specials, appetizers, and tons of giveaways. The open bar was fantastic o, but I was really surprised by how wonderful the restaurant itself was.
On the corner of 5th and Poplar, WineO isn't really in the center of things in Northern Liberties. I think this is what made it so great. It was a cute restaurant, with a nice atmosphere. It did get pretty crowded, besides the VIP event there was a Meet-up group there as well, but all the open windows and sunlight made the whole place seem airy and not hot and stuffy. There is a pretty decent outside area, also.
I didn't really try the food, so I can't speak for that, but all my friends really enjoyed the different appetizers. The bartenders and management were fantastic, very friendly and fun to talk to. 
I know, I'm probably starting to sound like a cheerleader for the Philly2night VIP Club, but all of their events are just so awesome! 
Overall, it was a great event at great venue. Good job, Philly2night!I've never actually eaten here, but I periodically frequent quizzo on Wednesday nights. Wednesday is pretty sweet. Cheap drinks, very fun and friendly crowd, and quizzo. And it's not like the kind of quizzo at other spots where people cheat and there are like 16 teams who know who the secretary of state was for France in 1930 (I mean seriously who would know that). I'm no genius and have won once and got second twice ($25 gift cert for 1st and $10 for 2nd, pbr pounders all around!). In short this is a really chill place to enjoy a few drinks/ apps with friends. It would also probably be a good date place on a Friday or Saturday.We went for Thursday "Date Night" which includes a bottle of house red or white, two apps, two entrees, and one dessert for $50.  Well worth the money!  I read a review about this place months ago, and because of that, I wasn't expecting the food to blow me away, but it was great.  I agree with Heidi - the artichoke dip was delicious and a nice touch.  Our server, Kissy, was very friendly.  She welcomed us with enthusiasm and invited us to take part in the wine tasting coming up the next night.  We were able to sit and enjoy our food and wine for hours without being glared at for hanging out too long.  I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking for a good place without pretenses.Worst. Restaurant. Ever. 
EVER!
I went here with my boyfriend this past winter. We went on a weeknight, so the place was practically empty. We sat down at a table, and immediately realized it was too cold in the restaurant to take off our coats. It must have been 50 degrees in the place. Even the lone waiter was wearing a wool cap!
We waited for the waiter as free internet radio (replete with super loud commercials) buzzed through the sound system, and the fluorescent glow of the flat screen TVs cut through the red-hued low lighting. The decor was neither here nor there: the place couldn't decide whether it wanted to be a neighborhood dive or an intimate restaurant.  
When the waiter arrived, we ordered a bottle of wine. He said he was out of it, but that the vendor had sent a substitute. We said we'd be happy to check out the substitute. When he came back with the bottle, he immediately started opening it...
My BF: Can we check out the bottle and decide if we want it before you open it?
Waiter: I mean, it's a chianti like the other one. See? It has one of those pink labels.
My BF: Well, then can you tell us a little more about it?
Waiter: The vendor sent it to replace the other one, so it's gotta be like that one...
You'd think a guy who owns a place called WineO (I'm fairly certain that our waiter was the owner) or even WORKS at a place called WineO would know a little more about wines...
With the drink orders filled, we asked him for an appetizer recommendation, and ordered accordingly. It was TERRIBLE. Cold, soggy toasted bread topped with some tomato mix. Really, really bad.
We then shivered some more as we waited for our main courses (which took much too long considering how few people were in the place). Finally, they arrived. My meal was unmemorable, though I do recall thinking that it tasted like a frozen dinner. My boyfriend's, on the other hand, was unforgettable: it was the worst gnocchi I'd ever tasted. It tasted like white flour. Nothing else. Really, really bad.
As for the price: RIDICULOUS. Our god awful meal in that terrible place set us back over $80!
I will never go back.my first experience here was good. big group, fun time. but my second visit left a lot to be desired. the food was bland and the service was soo slow. so...inconsistant maybe?have never tried this place so we ventured over here the other night. the restaurant atmosphere is great...a bar with some tall tables and a dining area. it's nicely lit and it's right in the nolibs neighborhood in between all these home so it's a definite neighborhood bar. i ordered the special seafood risotto, wings for appetizer and he ordered the salmon. wings were awesome but small and not that many.  my risotto was not actually real risotto more like rice which was a little watery but a good amount of seafood in there. the salmon was ok... nothing special...tossed in a honey balsamic sauce. they have a nice wine selection. for drinks i would definitely say take your friends here...it's just the perfect bar for drinks, not too crowded and a great selection. as far as food, i would probably go somewhere else next time.Walked by here last Fri & it looks like they've closed
Ate here a couple years ago & it was not good or worth it, even with a Groupon dealSTAY AWAY !!!
 We have never been so disappointed ,First of all  for a wine bar, they didn't have many of the items listed on the wine list and what they did serve seemed to have been open some time ago . The food was cold and no one at our table had a good meal .Would never recommend .So I went to WineO the other night first time with friends, we sat down we were greeted by bartender she was very nice. We ordered the Calamari and steak kabobs... the apps were great! for entree I had the special spinach ravioli with home made red sauce with portobello mushrooms it melted in my mouth yummy!, my friend had the Zuppe di pesce which is the chef's version of Italian seafood combination soup he nearly licked the bowl clean tons of seafood on top of fettucini served with grilled Italian bread WOW! 
We had a bottle of wine (Malbec El protillo) it went great with the meal recommend by the our server who seemed to have pretty good wine knowledge... for dessert we had a molton lava brownie Sunday  NEED I SAY MORE OMG! This place is great get in there before you have to wait in line to sit ... the Chef came out to greet us by our request ... nice guy looked like he is working hard ... happen to be the owner ... gave us complimentary espresso ... I highly recommend this place ... thinking about having my bday here
Don't forget there are alot of haters on YELP ... usually when they give a a  bad review its only half the story ... We live in the city deal with reality ... DON'T HATE , APPRECIATE !
Signing off the 
Real American
PS KATE M. must of had her period that week :)I went here with 3 other friends.  We each had a great meal.  Honestly, I loved every meal that we had.  Moz/tom salad (yummy), mussels (these are my favorite mussels in the city - have a vegetable undertone flavor), shrimp kabobs (juicy and flavorful - enjoyed more than what we've had elsewhere), chicken cannelloni melted off of the fork.  For just a "bar" the food was surprisingly good.  For 4 ppl, 4 apps, 4 dinner entrees, 2 bottles of wine and dessert $200 - but we had a restaurant.com coupon for $100.  Would return even without a coupon - especially for those mussels, baby!I really want to give WineO 2.5 stars but that's not really an option so 2 is just fine. We made a reservation on Valentines Day and arrived there a little it late but the waitress was very kind and understanding. Instead of seating us right away we stood there for at least 5 minutes just waiting for a table even though the restaurant was far from full. We finally seated ourselves and the waitress apologized and told us that she was the only waitress on duty for the time being so she was doing a lot. We ended up getting the date night special, which was 2 appetizer, 2 entrees, a bottle of house wine, and a dessert. The waitress warned us that "everything is made fresh" so we may have to wait a while but i didn't expect for the wait to be as long as it was. The couple in the booth next to us got in 15 minutes after us and they were receiving their food much faster.We ordered the caprese salad, which took almost 15 minutes to get and we didn't get the calamari until the rest of our meal was ready because they forgot.For entrees we ordered the florentine chicken and the 4 cheese pasta and both were good. So overall WineO was just ok. Even though our waitress (LuLu) was very busy she was friendly and pleasant to be around. The food was good but nothing mind blowing. I'm not sure if I'd go back.I went to WineO on a date recently and I had never been there before.  It happened to be Thursday night which was date night!  We had a fabulous time. Our server was friendly and attentive and we loved the menu! I'm actually going to inquire about hosting my birthday party there!If I could give negative stars I would! This place is TERRIBLE- Stay away! 
A few months ago a friend and I were lured to WineO by a groupon deal. We saw it as an opportunity to try something new, different from our go to places.  We checked  the website prior to purchasing and it looked good! Yet, neglected to look on yelp- big mistake. After purchasing we saw just how negative people felt about this establishment. We hoped most were being overly critical and made arrangements for 6 of us to go there on a Saturday night.
My roommate and I arrived first and were confronted with the first bad sign- the dining room was basically empty on a Saturday night....
Once sat, our waiter immediately asked if we had any type of 'coupon' and demanded we give it to him.  He also informed us there were stipulations not printed on the Groupon  coupon, such as you had to spend 20$ in food and 20$ in drinks - when the coupon clearly states you had to purchase two food items, no value indicated....  I wasn't in the mood for wine or beer and opted for a mixed drink- BIG mistake- it was only the beginning of an entirely terrible experience.
When the rest of the party arrive, I informed my friend the waiter requested the coupons at the beginning. When he came back with water, she gave him her coupon and he said 'one per table'... my friend went on to say that it clearly started a table of 6 or more could use two and she would like to speak to a manager if they were not going to accept the coupon. He said he'd talk to the manager- he seems irritated, like we were trying to 'pull one over on wineo'- i've obviously got better things to do with my time... After some time he came back and told us  that it would be okay if we used both, but that we would have to spend 40 in food 40 in drinks- which wouldn't be a problem with a table of 6, just annoying that he was arbitrarily making up rules which weren't printed.
Once that was resolved we ordered. Note to those of your gluten intolerant- this place is in no way gluten friendly! I ended up with shrimp kebab because it was the only thing that I knew would definitely be gluten free... What arrived was 2 kebabs comprised mostly of overly chard veggies, god awful salty 'dipping sauces' and 4 shrimp. I realize I ordered an appetizers as an entree-- but 4 shrimp for 10$s just seems a little steep to me... Not one person had what could even be remotely considered a good meal- the burgers where burned on the outside, mushy and cold in the center... The wings were mediocre at best (and again pricey) and the absolute worst- the sweet potato fries with maple syrup- the only way to make them even the least bit edible was dipping them in maple syrup so you would taste syrup rather than the burned mess they called 'sweet potato' fries--- in short- the food was AWFUL! and pricey... 
My one friend commented - its not awful if you consider it 'dive bar food', which we'd all be able to stomach if it had dive bar prices- which is does not..
This brings up another issue- that many a yelper has pointed out- what is Wineo? From the website and name you get one impression, you walk into a dive bar, and hope they're just trying to be ironic- but sadly they're just failing across the board. Which is sad because it really had the potential to be a great spot! (with a great name) 
I honestly wonder if we hadn't mentioned the Groupon coupon would we have been treated nicer or been served better food... In the end, we actually ended up going elsewhere because most people in our party were left unsatisfied by the awful meals they'd received at Wineo.
Do yourself a favor - and go anywhere other then WineO.My girl and I met two of my friends here, grabbed a table outside and got our party started. 
It wasn't dead, but it wasn't crowded. A couple of other outdoor tables were occupied and there were a few people in the bar. The location is great, just enough off the beaten path to be cozy but still very much in the mix of things. We shot the shit, drank and smoked the day away. We even met the owner and his wife who were very cool people.
The drinks were flowing and our server never missed a beat. At some point, she was handing us our drinks right through the window, table side.
I'm surprised by the quantity of negative reviews here. Nice restaurant? Reservations? Come on....I don't dispute people having bad experiences but when people start saying things like "it's more of a bar than a nice restaurant", itemizing their coupon discounts and acting as though there should be a sommelier on staff just because it's called "Wine-O"...one can't help but be cynical about them.
While there were no problems with the other meals ordered amongst the group, my gnocchi was severely overcooked. It was complete mush. Kitchen inconsistencies or not, we had an awesome day & night seated out on that sidewalk. We were probably there for seven hours or so, no exaggeration. 
Granted, I was only here once, but you know what? We were treated well, met a nice family and had a great day with great friends in a cozy place that I would return to soon.
I think that counts for something.Nice ambiance, good food, music is ok, depending on the night. Bartenders are very very nice and welcoming.  Stopped in for happy hour and sat at the bar with friends.
I heard they do a burlesque night once a month which draws a good crowd.I don't like to see businesses fail, especially when they're in my neighborhood.   
But this place, with its name that conveys all sorts of wild and fun adventures with wine and food (but that couldn't be further from the truth), is going nowhere fast. You can't help the location, but you can help attract repeat clientele with friendly, accessible and knowledgeable service.  You can help by creating an interesting, conservatively-sized menu that is focused on serving good food.
Clearly understaffed - during our last visit, the owner, visibly flustered, served us.  There was a lot of sighing, glasses being slammed down, waiting forever a day for actual service,  and an overall brusque and chilly attitude that made us feel as though we were wasting his time. As for the cherry on top, WineO offers a menu that's all over the place, TGI Friday's style, being comprised of sushi, hot wings, pita pizzas and gnocchi? what? and the execution, as you would have expected, is totally abysmal.  
 We need a good wine bar/bistro in these parts and I would patronize it and support it... if that place wasn't Wine-O.  Wine-O, upstaff, revise your menu, atmosphere and concept and get back to us.My wife and I have been here several times and love the atmosphere. The bartender extensive knowledge of wine goes a long way. Every time we have asked for her suggestion of a wine to go with our meal, she hits a homerun. I would recommend the mussels in the Fra diavlo sauce. Our favorite dish.We have been in the neighborhood for over a year and had been meaning to get to WineO for sometime but it did not disappoint.
Basically it is your really cool and laid back neighborhood bar but with outstanding food. 
I went for dinner with my wife and her mom and the food was great. I had a special of pumpkin ravioli in alfrado and it was delicious. They had some other pasta dishes that they enjoyed as well.
The wine list was huge as one would expect with the name, we had a nice bottle for 30 bucks. The waitress was quick and very cool.
All and all a great experience and we will be back.Count me in as a resident of Fantown of this place.  Went last week for the poetry slash short story reading.  Ok, yes, I pretty much wanted to murder myself and all of the so-called writers who got up on the mic to read their terrible terrible "literature".  But hey, there were a couple who weren't too bad or actually very good and I guess every Tuesday is a new chance for someone else who doesn't suck to emerge.  
But the real reason homegirl gets four stars is the mean ass burger I got.  I mean, I ordered it medium rare but I'm pretty sure it was much less done than that, but it. was. awesome.  Incredibly beefy beef.  I wolfed down about half of it in 30 seconds, then proceeded to have indigestion for 30 minutes.  I'm good like that.
You all should come here and not read your awful poetry.  It's really only a matter of time before I hurt someone.My hubby and I found found Wineo while on our way to eat. I yelled stop! And I am glad he did. We had dinner drinks and I have to say it was great! We will definitely be returning very soon. The owner was very friendly and not at all as he was portrayed by someone's review! Cute and classy!I typically like to review RIGHT after I visit a place, but I've been behind.  
I'm going to leave out details in order to keep this as accurate as possible.
We went on a weekday evening and the owner was our server.  As a whole, he was cordial to us.   How was the food?  I don't really remember. Must have been mediocre, plus the interactions below would have negated any positive food experience.
The wine list was pretty much obsolete.  Anything we asked to order had a "substitute" that he recommended.  With a name like "Wine-O", you would expect to receive an accurate wine list.  
Our bill came to $59, $40 of which we paid with a Groupon, and still had a $19 balance remaining to pay.  When we put our card on the table with the check, he informed us that there was a $25 minimum on a card.  (hello, even if we consider the discounted groupon price we still paid $39 for everything).  We paid with a $20, he received a $1.00 tip. 
Never, ever, ever going back.Attended the absolutely amazing burlesque show here over the weekend for a birthday party (hey Allie H.!) It's a very chill bar in NoLibs. We stuck with wine and beer, which were a good value. Our bartender was really friendly and attentive. Shots were $6, a nice deal if you're into that. 
The real attraction was definitely the burlesque show, which was great fun. Some stellar performances and it's an intimate space, so you really feel like you're a part of the show! Be sure to check them out.Don't bother!
We originally tried this place in February 2010. We were joined by friends and everyone commented on how cold the place was - no heat! The food was kinda blah, and some things listed on the menu were not available. The wait staff was limited, and not very responsive (the place had only a few tables of people seated). The owner stopped by to visit with us and told us of all the upcoming changes. He gave us a coupon (business card) for complimentary glasses of wine on our return.
Fast forward to August 2011 ... we decided we'd head back to WineO for another try and a quaint dinner for two. This time the interior was hot and muggy (AC was not working????). Our overall experience was terrible. The waitress was unfriendly, and couldn't bother to tell us the specials (we overheard them after we ordered, as people from other tables asked and she relayed them).  And as bad as we thought her attitude was, it got worse when she noticed we had coupons for complimentary glasses of wine and a recyclebank coupon for $10 off.
I ordered an appetizer, told they were out of it. I ordered an entree (Lamb Lollichops), told they haven't had them in months. I ordered one of their specialty cocktails (contained Bourbon and pineapple juice), was told that's a winter drink (they only have that Bourbon in the winter). Not once did she make suggestions for a possible substitute on any of these items. I made a suggestion, how about they update their menu to contain only items they actually have to offer!
The dining room was darkly lit, and there was a bright light from the kitchen window. We also had the wonderful feature of a screaming child to enjoy during our time there - someone in the kitchen brought their child to work, and we had to listen as the child screamed and ran about - the wait staff all doing their part to keep the child entertained. We had trouble holding a conversation due to the lack of being able to hear ourselves over the screaming.
In the end, I started off with the octopus over arugula - there was more arugula than octopus and it was drenched in a Balsamic dressing (very overpowering). My entree was the salmon, with vegetables in a Balsamic reduction. The plate and vegetables were a deep dark shade of Balsamic - there was no reduction, it was a soupy state. The Salmon was placed atop the dark mess, so at least I was able to eat that (cooked all the way through and a bit dry). 
And last, I did not see any changes the owner spoke of a year ago. Save your money, don't bother with this place.Giovanni Nolano's wine bar delivers.
Their kitchen serves up a selection of Mediterranean dishes with American flair, dishes that bring a smile to my face. ("American flair," you say? That's right.) Try the panzanella ($6) with jalapeno, marinated in some tangy spices plus Italian bread. Pair a glass of wine with their oh-so-moist chicken shishkabob ($8) - the moist meat simply dissolves in your mouth.
This wine bar is as frontier as a wine bar should feel. It's comfortably lit, with ample seating. The bartender on duty provided warm, personable service, and we took advantage of their surprising selection of hard liquor. Giovanni even asked how we were, and told us a little about the place.
Entertaining friends from out of town? Want to relax? Stop by this Northern Liberties spot.Went to WineO last night on a "triple date" with some friends. The atmosphere was cool, the wine prices were decent, and it was an environment that was conducive for good conversation. 
However, when it came to our meals, I was slightly disappointed. I can only speak for what I ordered which was fried calamari (as an appetizer for the table) and the steak piadina. The calamari was very bland tasting, which many in my party commented on, and my main course was very greasy and my steak tasted like it had been kept in the freezer too long.
With that being said, I would recommend Wineo as a place to socialize over drinks, but would not recommend as a place to have a meal.We had a Living Social coupon for this restaurant.  When we called to make reservations, we were told of some coupon guidelines, that just weren't accurate, because they weren't printed on the coupon. 
This place was definitely not what we had expected. Based on the name, we had in mind an upscale wine bar with good eats. Instead we walked into a bar, with zero food customers.  I ordered lamb, that was still frozen in the middle.  I sent it back - which I haven't done in about 10 years - but it was inedible.  My husband ordered the NY Strip Steak, and it was just bland. All in all with a coupon, with the price was too high.  We won't be going back for the food. Perhaps will go here for wine sometime. Our waitress was very nice.With a little time to kill before an event in the area, my friend and I decided to check out Wine-O.  We arrived around 6:30, which still put us in the happy hour range.  I had a glass of the house white for $3, a total steal for any bar in Philly.  
The bar and restaurant area had a very cozy feel, and the bartender was extremely nice and welcoming.  This is a place I would want to come with one or two people to catch up and have a relaxing night.TERRIBLE SERVICE and NO RESPECT FOR THE CUSTOMER!!!
I should have read the reviews before I bought my living social coupon, but alas I looked at their website and thought it looked pretty nice, I could not have been more wrong!  I decided to use the deal to go out with some friends for a birthday dinner.  
Worst customer service ever:
Upon arriving 20 minutes late for the reservation, (we called to say we were running late due to the weather(snow) and traffic) they scrambled to put tables together to accommodate the six of us.  I found this odd seeing as they had called to confirm our reservation 2 hours before and had actually made sure that I knew they were having a large party in at 7 and to try to come as early as possible so that they could have the dining room ready for that party (which was rude to start - and that large party never even showed up).  I tried to think nothing of it but the night just got worse and worse.
When we were finally seated in the empty restaurant the waiter came over and hastily informed us of the specials and ran away from the table.  When he came back we asked if the Happy Hour specials (1/2 price apps and $3 house wines) counted in the dining room to which he asked if we had a coupon.  I told him that I did and he began to state that no other specials applied with the living social deal.  I wasn't too upset with that as I had planned to use it to pay for myself and my friend for her birthday, so I asked that we could split the check and have the rest of our party be able to get the happy hour specials.  We were quite rudely told that we could not do that and then our waiter went off about how he felt living social had screwed them over and whatnot. I had used living social deals at other places before and they always honored their posted specials without question, because why not?  Those are their prices and the living social deal is supposed to work as a certificate - apparently WineO never got the memo!
We contemplated leaving but had traveled all the way from University City and were STARVING so we stayed.  After our waiter was overly touchy with everyone in our party and we had all eaten our subpar, overpriced food we got the check.
The check was not broken down at all AND a 20% tip was added to the total bill (including the alcohol $95 ($38 being 1 bottle of wine) and $18 tax(which was over the proper tax)). We had a miserable time trying to figure out how much we all owed and find a place to write how much to put on which card.  We were more than unhappy with our meals and the way we were treated from the start of the night so decided to leave a smaller tip than our waiter had allocated himself.  I usually do no dock tips and unless I am completely appalled RARELY tip less than 20% so this was out of the ordinary for me!  He kept coming to check on the payment numerous times while we were figuring things out and seemed annoyed that we were taking so long.  When we finally gave the payment he came back with two credit slips and asked for signatures and then returned less than a minute later with a calculator DEMANDING we pay the $45 tip he believed he deserved!!  When we told him that we were not legally required to pay that much gratuity he threatened to call the police and have us arrested.  We asked to speak to a manager and he told us that HE was the manager on duty.  We were so angry at this point that we simply gave him the money and left, it wasn't worth a fight and we wanted nothing more than to leave the cold, dark and dank restaurant and continue our night in a much better environment anyway.  He grabbed the money and all of the receipts and stormed away from the table.
Moral of the story:
If you want to overpay for subpar food, a short wine list and to be treated like absolute shit then this place is for you.  If you don't then PLEASE save your time and do NOT give this place a try.Back when the Ministry Of Information(http://www.yelp.com/biz/ministry-of-information-philadelphia#hrid:329Q2ivwzFW1B_LxTraiCw) closed permanently a little bit of McThrill closed to. After all it was one of the first bars that I really enjoyed in Philly, and one of the only places that gave me dream deja vu. I felt that nothing would be able to replace it, Especially when I first heard that a wine bar was in the works.
But that was about a year and a half ago when WineO was still it the works. And the street that Ministry was on, and the looming wine bar had became a distant memory. At least until I walked by it on the way to this months elite event and felt a sudden air of familiarity. and as soon as people started talking about going for the after party I knew I was about to be in for a reawakening. 
After posing for some photos by the swank looking sign I walked in and realized that the new owner had the same penchant for hanging random things on the wall that the old ones did. he even had my beloved taps from Ministry on there. Since the elite event already had me filled with wine from the place I decided to give the beer selection a try. while I was saddened by the lack of taps (especially when admiring my old favorites on the wall) the bottle selection was well rounded for all palettes. and it did hook up good ol number #9! I was excited to find the coolest bar snack ever, Wasabi peas mixed with peanuts, at least until I took a bite and found the peanuts to be bland. But when I talked to the owner we both found out that he received the wrong shipment for the day. so I'm just going to have to wait to try them with roasted & salted, or honey roasted. While talking to the owner more I found him to be a class act and he even told me the back stories behind some of the things on the wall.
Long winded review short WineO might not live up to my memories of Ministry Of Information. But it definitely brings in another new establishment to the area that has vast potential. And I definitely can't wait to see it succeed.