We've come here twice so far, and the staff has been attentive, the ambiance has been warm and friendly, and the food has been great. We most heartily recommend the Thief roll, which is raw ahi tuna, wakame, soy & wasabi crema, with a strange but delicious crust.
Good wine, good food, good neighborhood restaurant.If I'm in the mood for a great burger with a glass of wine, I go here. Wednesday's kids eat free are also a plus. The kids like their kids menu.
As a side, I have to say that I liked their old chef better. He made a great homemade applesauce that is not there anymore.  The food is still good but it tastes more like city bar food than the local fresh fare that we liked before.OK -I am a dick.
FINE.
This place blows.
I hate to say stuff like this when people work hard and all....but we ate there....we paid our money we worked hard for and I wish I had an Elios pizza and a budweiser instead.
I hate loud - and this was as loud as any greedy restaurant in town.  
The food was so way below underwhelming - I shake my head and can't figure out if people just can't cook or they can and get busy and don't taste.OR they see shit happen and let it go out the pass whether they would serve it to their mothers or not.
I now have good basis for other reviews - all the people that love this place I can question their other places seriously first...at least I got that out of it.Great food, drinks and service. The food is always delicious with a lot of localy sourced ingredients. Strong drink menu with a strong selection of beers and wines. Always a good time.Some friends and I met for dinner here tonight. Two of us were already there and we were waiting for the third . We decided to be seated, and ordered  our meal, the waitress was aware we were waiting for a third person. Half way thru our meal our friend arrived and ordered her meal.The waitress was very friendly and courteous, the service and meals okay. After we finished our meals, we had dessert, and than cocktails,while finishing these off, the male person who greets the patrons when they arrive came over to our table and told us we had to leave, stating he needed the table for a reservation.. We were not allowed to order anything else. We were utterly embarrassed, being the only African American patrons there at the time and being asked to leave as if we had done something wrong, was appalling. There were other patrons  who were there before we arrived, sitting at tables and at the bar, they were not asked to leave. If the establishment required reservations or limited time for dinning, we should have been told when we arrived. We weren't told because that was not the case. However, it was obvious,we were chosen because we were the minority and the less desired patrons. I have been to many,many dinning establishments far better than this, and  have never been asked to leave, while spending my money. I certainly will never patronize this or any other restaurant that would be this blatantly discriminatory and rude.Very patchy quality ranging from decent to forgettable.  
-- The Shrimp Penne at 17 bucks isn't anything to write Yelp about ...  well actually its worth writing about especially if management is reading this ... mediocre sauce - okay, but 4 shrimps -really?  
-- Organic chicken sandwich served on stale bread, yikes.   This was visit #4.  Something about not checking your starches; I recall stale croutons on an earlier visit.  C'mon Wine Thief!  
-- I agree with prior reviewers - the fried chicken is good but could use more flavor.  The collard greens are delicious but the beef addition makes it off bounds for many diners.   
Consider seasonal menu additions so those of us who haven't entirely given up on you get to sample other trys.Nice staff. Good wine. 
Small menu though and it rarely changes with the season, let alone offering features.  With such a small menu, they should offer features every day.I'm so pleased to have this place in the neighborhood. I've been twice so far, and both times have had solidly pleasant experiences.
The tables are quite close together (reminded me of Europe), and the interior is nice and simple. The wine list isn't as extensive as one would imagine for a restaurant with "wine" in the name, but there is a decent variety, and I hope to see a longer list in the future.
Everything I ate on both visits was absolutely delicious. This includes: homemade poppers, eggplant cheesecake (ordered both of those on both visits), fried chicken, buffalo meatloaf, mashed taters, collard greens, a cornbread pudding, tres leche cake, chocolate layer cake, and a sausage plate. Yes, all of that. But it was broken up into two visits, people, sheesh. 
I'll be keeping this place in my regular rotation.My wife really likes wine. She's not a drunk or anything, but if she's having a drink, she likes to drink wine. So when the time came to take her out for her birthday this year I naturally thought "why not take her to that Wine Thief place down the street."
Unfortunately my logic kinda back fired. 
We arrived at the restaurant around 7:30 pm - certainly not late, but past the "dinner rush." The place was probably 3/4 full, but the hostess told us that no tables were available and asked if we'd mind waiting at the bar until she had a chance to clear one. No big whoop in my opinion, so we sat down and looked over the wine menu. 
First impression was that for a restaurant called Wine Thief, their wine menu was pretty weak. By my count they are the Baskin Robbins of wine bistro's having 31 different wines on the menu (which, according to our bartender, weren't even all available that night). 31 bottles is a fine selection of wine, I guess... I am not sure if I expected more wines, or if the wines they had just didn't impress me. Anyway, we both had a glass of the 2008 Conquista Malbec which was sublime. 
Time ticked by, we each ordered another wine, and then another... next thing we knew 40 minutes had gone by and we still didn't have a table. After asking the hostess if she'd found a table (mind you, this is a small place, so I don't know where the tables were hiding) she hastily wiped down a table that was next to the bar and had been empty since we arrived. 
Both my wife and I have worked in food service, so we know how much that job sucks so we let that slide. Heck, if my only complaint was that I had to sit at the bar (and subsequently have 3 glasses of wine before dinner), the evening would have been great. 
Sat at the table for about 5 minutes before I was able to catch the attention of a waiter (everyone working that night was avoiding eye contact with the patrons - not just our waiter, and not just my wife and me... none of the waiters were paying attention to the "cues" of the patrons). 
We had had ample time to look over the menu while at the bar, so we ordered our appetizer (the cheese plate) and entrees (two New York Strips, medium, Au Poivre) all at once. 
Cheese plate arrived a few minutes later. Was thoroughly un-impressed. There were four or five, very small, cheese selections... hardly enough for one person. 
When asked, the waiter knew nothing about the different cheeses, which was disappointing as I always enjoy getting a lesson on where the cheese came from, etc. The selections weren't bad, but all seemed to be middle of the road flavor wise, and because of the small portion size, definitely not worth the $12 price tag.
Steaks arrived a few minutes after we'd cleared the cheese plate. We both cut into our steaks to find that they were not undercooked, they were still raw. Don't get me wrong, I love a pink center with my steak. These bad-boys were RED... and cold. 
I got the hostess' attention and asked if the chef could throw them back on the grill. She politely took the plates and brought them back a few minutes later... still significantly under cooked/ almost completely pink (we ordered medium, remember)? 
I pointed out that they were still under cooked (which she agreed and appologized for) but told her we'd just take them as-is because it was getting late at this point and we were paying our babysitter by the hour. 
At this point the hostess asked if there was anything she could do to make it up to us... Nice enough, sure, but when I waited tables, I wouldn't ASK if there was something I could do to make up for a mistake, I just did it. She should have comped us a drink, or written off the crappy cheese plate. Anything to make me think that she actually cared about our service. I know that in some restaurants wait staffers aren't empowered to make that type of decision. If that's the case at Wine Thief, my complaint is with the management, not the hostess.
Anyway, I told her no, we were fine, but ordered a Vesper half hoping she would get the hint and volunteer a free drink for me (no such luck). Apparently, while listed in the cocktail menu, this particular cocktail seems to have never been ordered at that bar before because the bartender brought me a rocks glass full of vodka with a lemon twist in it. No gin, no Lillet... Luckily I like vodka.
After I finished my drink, we asked to get our meals wrapped up, paid our bill (even left an ok tip knowing how hard waiting tables is) and left... 
I probably could have made a fuss, and some folks reading this might think I shouldn't have left without getting something taken off the bill, but I didn't mind paying full price for the meal because I knew that I could doctor up the steaks, and that I'd eventually get around to writing this review... and these final words:
While I hate taking shots at someone's business/livelihood, I was thoroughly disappointed by, and do not recommend Wine Thief.It's better. I kept a 3-star review to myself for a few years, but I think it's a little better. It's hit or miss. I still don't enjoy the tight quarters, when you're butting up against someone else's table, but the food was good last time and there are a lot of vegetarian options for my veggie friends.Great place, very impressed. Steak au poivre one of the best I've ever had. I loved my Dark and Stormy as well. Will definitely be back. - **Update** been back a few more times. Only getting better and better. One of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Its rare that a place can specialize in everything it serves...Update...Since my last review, The Wine Thief has a new chef. I would recommend trying the braised short ribs..Yum. Still a greta atmosphere. Nice cozy bar. Great bartenders...Try it...:)Been there three times; twice for dinner and most recently for drinks and appetizers with a friend. Good service, fresh and tasty food and decent wine list at reasonable prices.  Would recommend.What a tragedy...  We haven't visited on a regular basis but the last couple of times has been disappointing. One of the times my husband and I went, it was totally empty- just a few ppl at the bar.  The food took forever, we watched the bartender and a server just bicker back and forth...  And a decent number of people came in for dinner.  The owner looked at one of the servers to tell them that the kitchen was closed.  It was nowhere near closing time????
The last time I went, the place was also empty.  I went with a work colleague and the food was just ok and the service was horrible.
I'd really like this place to succeed because it's a good neighborhood place...  There was so much more energy in there, from the owner, hostess, bartender...  And now it's just blah.  Come on owner- get that energy and creative juices back!  Please!  We want to see you succeed.Wonderful food, attentive service, and cozy atmosphere. Decent prices and some real gems on the menu: mussels, ahi tuna roll, buffalo burger to name a few. Their 'Thief Salad' has a subtle vanilla citrus dressing and dried cherries tossed with jicama and spring mix that is out of this world. Good for kids. Make a reservation on the weekends, the dining room fills up fast.Tues night - nice happy hour attentive staff.  Good selection of beers and excellent wines.
food is a different story.  excellent crusted ahi tuna app.  nicely cooked tuna with very crunchy and tast coating.
I was continuing my search for excellent fried chicken but their selection was way off... nice amount for $16 - a full half chicken.  But... not well cooked. You shouldn't have to fight with fried chicken to pull it apart.  It was not coated with a pleasing, traditional crunchy topping.  I would rate it a 7.  The cornbread stuffing basically sucked.  I would have eaten Stove Top and been happier.  C'mon, how can anyone support this crap?  Maybe only if you can't cook so you think lukewarm unspiced junk is OK?  Has anyone ever seen Diner, Drive In and Dives?  Any restaurant should be closed down if they can't meet those minimal expectations.  Now I wouldn't close down Wine Thief because the atmosphere is great and the food id OK. My friend had a short rib that was OK in taste  but very short on size for the $.  Like I said - if every restaurant owner watched the Food network, life would be tasty and I could eat out more often.
Would I go back? yes.  Maybe I would stick to the apps and sandwiches.We had a couple of their tiny Mojitos from the street fest last night and really feel ripped off. For five bucks (x2) - it was mostly ice and a distraction dazzle of mint and lime.
That cup size was ridiculous (should have been in a bigger cup). For $2 maybe (especially in this economy - but, I guess that is why your restaurant is called The Wine Thief)... 
We decided to hit the grocery store and find some rum ourselves and leave the street fair and went home and made our own Mojitos instead... 
We won't be back. My number one pet peeve with restaurants is when they cut corners for the customers experience. Restaurants succeed in this current economy by making people feel like "Wow - that was worth it!"
I hate feeling ripped off.A nice new place in the neighborhood. I've been 3 or 4 times now, and enjoyed the meal every time. While much of the entrees are out of my price range (though I usually seem to be the poorest guy in the place), the $9 Angus Burger with Blue Cheese and Peppercorn Aoli on a seasoned bun is great, and comes with good fries. The eggplant cheesecake, as pretty much everyone has mentioned, is an astounding signature starter, and the homemade pablano poppers are great, too. 
The beer is a good bit more expensive than anywhere else in the neighborhood (I'd definitely go to Earth or McMenamin's instead for beer) and the mixed drinks seem pretty light on the actual alcohol, and the wine is all way too expensive for my tastes (although really a lot of wine culture is a huge charade for the wealthy anyway - I've had a huge range of qualities and prices in my time and the best way a $11 Canadian Cabernet). So, really good for food, not so good for drinking, also it can be a little cramped, so here's hoping that the yuppies will leave their kids at home next time.My girlfriend and i ate here for sunday brunch.  service was outstanding and they do a great Bloody Mary.  The food is fresh and modern, pricing is reasonable.  I ordered an omelette, and was pleasantly surprised when it came served on an English muffin topped with hollandaise.  Was delicious.  We also split the artisanal cheese and opted for two cheeses. They had a very interesting variety of four to choose from.  Definitely going back.My wife, son and a couple friends decided to forego Brittinghams for brunch today and try Wine Thief. My expectations were low as they are most of the time and I was pleasantly surprised.
First off, I have an 11 month old son as do our friends so kid friendly places are always important. They were very accommodating and sat us at a large table with plenty of room.
Service - Our waitress was nice and helpful. Answered questions about drinks and menu items. She was busy because I think she was the only server but that had no affect on us.
Food - I ordered the sweet potato and bacon soup with red beat salad. The soup was great but the salad could have used something more. I believe the goat cheese was supposed to be warmed but I remember it being cold. The nuts were a nice touch. The soup could have used more bacon. I think if you add bacon to most puréed soups it kicks it up a notch.
Drinks - My favorite part...the drink menu looked awesome. They even had a Sazerac on the menu which I've always wanted to try but not today. I went with the Moscow Mule, a mixture of Stoli, ginger beer and lime. It was well made and I could taste the vodka which is a plus. Nothing I hate more than a weak drink. A bonus gift for me was a second Moscow Mule that they thought I ordered. I didn't but will never refuse a good drink.
The menu was full of dishes and drinks that I want to try so we will definitely be making a trio back here soon.The Wine Thief was obviously having an off night when we went there.  We were not seated until about 40 minutes *after* our reservation.  There were a lot of tables full of people lingering after they paid the bill, so I don't think there was much the owner could do.  But then they messed up one of our orders.  To their credit, they comped us appetizers for our long wait, and then comped the dinner entree that was misordered.  
The butterfish entree was absolutely wonderful.  But the vegetable curry was terrible....there was so much curry sauce that I could not taste the vegetables or the rice. 
So all in all it was a mediocre experience.  This is a fairly new restaurant...perhaps with experience they will get better!Food wasn't bad, service was great. Went for lunch my date had crab cake and fries. I had the Thief Roll which was a tuna roll it wasn't bad either. I'm looking forward to going back for dinnerI ate there last night with a friend. Granted it was a Friday night, not the best time to judge a restaurant, but our waiter completely lost interest in us when we ordered mere $7 glasses of wine, and not the $12/glass Cabernet he attempted to push on us and every surrounding table, and entrees with no starters. We spent the rest of the evening in a futile attempt to get his attention. At one point my friend touched him to get his attention to ask for an additional glass of wine for me and the glare he gave her was breathtaking. The food was mediocre. I have no desire to ever go back.Long wait- but well worth it. The pork belly sandwich was amazing!!! Definitely going back next time I'm in Philly!!I'm not a huge fan of Germantown but this section seems okay-ish.  Not much parking however.  I was originally going to go to Umbria across the street but they seemed to have been closed - the door was unlocked but all the kitchen lights were out.  Odd.
Anyway, I had the Calamari and Seafood Stew.  The stew was really good.  Could have used a little thyme maybe, but all in all was good.  The  Calamari however was over breaded and very salty.  I wanted a glass of Beaujolais (red wine) however they were out.
Service wasn't horrible nor great, but they seemed to be short staffed nonetheless.  Desert was ok and appeared to be made in-house.  Price was reasonable for seafood, but for some reason I feel like I should have gotten a 'little more'.
2 stars is a little low for this place and 3 is a little high.  Not 'great' but they are trying at least.We found this place on yelp, as we were visiting the area and needed to find a meat lover and vegetarian friendly place.  If you are vegetarian or have vegetarian people in your life you like to dine with, this is a great option!  We were thrilled to have several great vegetarian choices, and the night we were there was a prix fixe vegetarian dinner offer (Mondays I think) !  The vegetarian french onion soup was DELICIOUS and such a treat, as it's usually made with beef broth so I can never get it.  
We got there for an early dinner that first night so had excellent service with a nice ambience.  We went back again with other friends on a Saturday night, prime time so had to wait a while for a table.  It was packed, so the down side was the noise level was a bit overwhelming, but the food was still great and we will be back next time we are in town.
For your first visit I recomment going on a week night early for the best experience : )The Wine Thief has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants.  After several dinners and now brunches (yes, brunch!!) we have decided to post a review (I don't like posting reviews after just 1 or 2 visits)
To start, we appreciate how Mt Airy is putting itself on the map of restaurant destinations, and this is DEFINITELY one of the better. 
The food is amazing. The organic fried chicken is perfect. The tuna steak is amazing. My wife raves about the meatloaf. The cheese plate and sausage plates are impressive to say the least. They always have something you may never have heard of, but with how good the rest of the food is, your imagination forces you to try them. And they are ALL worth it. 
The wine, liquor, and champagne selection is great as well. No doubt you will find something to compliment your meal.  And the dessert, one word. WOW!  Try the tres leches, or ask about daily specials. All are sure to put a perfect night cap on a perfect meal. 
I mentioned earlier that try are open for brunch, and I have o add that brunch is also amazing.  Get the eggs Al La Sophia. 
All in all, the Wine Thief is a great place to
enjoy an awesome meal and nice drink, with great company. 
If you haven't een, you owe it to yourself to try it. You'll love it.Their food is wonderful, but their cocktails are disappointing.  The sound good, but aren't executed well.    
I've been for both brunch and dinner.  They make a vegetarian french onlon soup that was such a treat.  Their salads are delicious and I could have eaten five plates of the  house made spinach cavatelli. The nicoise salad, the beet salad, and corn and poblano chowder were all excellent.  
Everyone on staff here is nice and work to make your meal enjoyable.Consistently delicious, fresh food served by friendly attentive staff. One of my goto places.I was there on Friday evening 11/16/12 around 8pm. Not impressed. The fries were soggy and only warm. The fritters were cold. The burgers we ordered were only warm. Nothing arrived hot. Service was fair.
We could have gone to a local bar for half the price and received hot food.On an extremely hot day, I was happy to visit Wine Thief.  Not surprisingly, it wasn't packed - I think most people were hunkered down at their homes in the AC.  I had a moscow mule and it was delicious, the cup was extremely cold which helped me cool off.  I had the beet salad and side of cornbread stuffing.  Both were delicious!  The server was attentive and friendly.  Overall, I had a really pleasant first experience here.  I hope to return for dinner!super impressed with this lil spot. learning my new hood, i consulted yelp for a vday place. ive never been out on valentines day before. not for 20 yrs at least. the weather has been awful. snow all the time, which i think worked in our favor. it wasnt mobbed. service was casual and fun. food was great. cheeses where cray good. i think our servers name was alex... loved him. stopped at the bar before we left. it is warm and cute. service again was great. the place could be upper crusty, but felt very comfortable. i could totally see just hanging at the bar and snackin on yum yums.Had to try it being the new trendy spot.. Wasn't what I thought it would be.    They have a fair priced menu but it's such a limited menu it's strange. It was almost as limited as the dollar menu at McDonald's. I would recommend giving it a try but can't guarantee you'll be running back for more like you would for some of the neighboring places.I must say I'm a little surprised by the negative reviews, having tried out Wine Thief for the first time late Friday night. The place was busy but not too packed, and we had the choice of either sitting at the bar or at a table, opting for the bar since we'd eaten elsewhere already. 
As others have noted, for a place with "wine" in its name, the wine selection isn't huge, but it's certainly varied and contains many varieties you don't normally see. My friend and I split a half carafe of white and a cheese platter. A previous reviewer commented that the cheese platter was small, but we weren't even able to finish it between us. The crackers, while unusually sweet, did complement the cheeses. It also came with pita bread for the baba ganoush, which I enjoyed. I didn't have any cocktails myself, but my friend loved her Manhattan.
We didn't have problems getting service as others mentioned, although that may have something to do with our being at the bar next to the bartender's girlfriend (I think) and close to the kitchen, but then again we didn't really order food. 
I look forward to coming back here to try the food. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that they were just having teething problems and are now on track. For example, others mentioned loud music, but last night my friend and I easily carried a conversation using our inside voices, so perhaps they got the hint. 
The server had to concentrate to name our cheeses, wrapping up with "Not sure if that means anything to you, because it doesn't to me." I appreciated the honesty and that he was having fun with his job, but I can see how someone who takes their cheeses seriously would be irritated by this. I suppose in hindsight it was a little informal for a bar that's trying to be more upscale.
If nothing else, I would recommend Wine Thief for a drink at the bar before or after dinner. They don't seem to have a happy hour, but the prices are reasonable and they get the atmosphere right. My rating may be a little forgiving because it's located in Mount Airy, which sorely needs more places like this.I've been here twice, and both times were fine.  Nothing was wrong with our meals, but nothing was great, either.  I really want to love this place since it's in my neighborhood, but it has yet to win me over in any real way.  I give them a solid 3.5 stars, and will give them a third shot to impress me.To be fair we went to this restaurant for first time on Night Market night, so it was very busy.  The good:  1) bartender rocks the drinks - very yummy, 2) the shrimp/feta salad was delicious.  The bad: 1) shrimp/fish ceviche was not good.  Tasted like they simply put cocktail sauce over it & lavished it heavily to try disguising fish that was chewy & shrimp that didn't    make any impact at all.  2) fried chicken with spinach & corn bread salad was 50/50.  The corn bread salad was definitely a plus but the fried chicken was under-seasoned & the spinach overcooked.We discovered this place on a random visit to Chestnut hill. We arrived in time to catch brunch and it was so so good. I had the French toast (my usual) and my friend had the Thief's Breakfast. Scrumptious.  
PROS:
- really good food
- great and attentive customer service
- cool atmosphere 
-comfy seating
CONS:
- street parking only 
TIPS:
- the one thing we didn't get to try which we should have was the WINE! (I know what you're thinking, How are you going to Wine Thief and NOT try the wine?) I say that to say try the wine. 
- try. The. Bellini. Mm-mm-mmmmBeen there twice and both times I found the food pretty joyless. Nothing special. And the waitress was a little indifferent and slow.
Dessert (creme brulee) tasted like jello pudding pop.This place is not bad, by any means.  It is a tad crowded with kids (at least two of the four times I have been) and we felt like we were seated between three familys who all had 6 years olds in school together.  So the parents kind of stood next to our table talking to each other with my party acting as a human wall (like that scene in Midsummer Night's Dream)...  Anyway... 
The Thief Roll: is their attempt at sushi and i love it.  it's killer.
Fried Chicken: isn't good.  Who would of thought someone would underseason fried chicken?
The Meatloaf: is OK.
Salads: they have some creative salads, something I always welcome and they hit more than they miss.
Two things to point out before I sign off: 
1) Dessert specials are good.  Satisfied two sweet-holics I know.
2) Happy Hour wine prices are good.  However, it was next to impossible to get a second glass of wine.  The server and I just could make eye-contact (or she is told not to).  Surprise, surprise she brings us a second glass of wine 5 minutes after the happy hour ends without us even ordering.  There is a huge difference between two $3 happy hour glasses and two $7 glasses.  
I will probably go back at some point.  Their selection of wines does change and I like that.Not sure if it was an off night or not, but at entree prices of $17-$21 and most apps and the $7 - $10 range, poor service is weak.  Went with a group of 4.  Wife asked for a "currant strong" wine suggestion and the server recommended 2 whites.  When we said, no red wines she made a suggestion and my wife said "ok I'll take that" - and the server immediately left - leaving 3 of us w/o a drink order in.  10-15 minutes later she came back to take our food order.  My wife asked where her wine was and about drinks for the rest of us and the server jumped on her saying "you never ordered wine".  I interjected at this point and said yes - she did - the wine YOU recommended and the server argued that she never recommended a wine!  We finally all 4 ordered drinks, one app (the eggplant cheesecake) and 4 burgers.  Waitress definitely slammed the drinks on the table when she finally delivered them.  
App was delivered and 10 minutes later she came around with tiny plates to share the app - about 9:59 too late.  Burgers were cooked well but totally unseasoned and bland.  Black pepper aioli was nearly inedible it had so much pepper in it.  
If you're having a bad night as a server, that's fine - we've all had that.  But don't ever, ever, ever argue with a customer - let alone on 2 points that you are clearly wrong on.  I was ready to leave at that point but we ended up staying.  If the service was better, we may have been more apt to delve into entrees and additional drinks, but we went elsewhere for after dinner drinks.  
Again, for the price range you're in, and in such a restaurant rich city as Philadelphia is, dropping that ball like this on a Friday night is inexcusable.  For similar prices (albeit a BYOB), you'd be MUCH better off across the street at Umbria for both service and food quality.Waited about half an hour on a Sat night for our table for 4 although we had a reservation. The person doing the seating was apologetic.  A party of 2 would be easier for this small place. Food was nothing special- typical neighborhood bar food with an abundance of French fries accompanying sandwiches. The menu is limited. Surprisingly they were out of at least 3 or 4 of the wines on their wine list - which is not extensive despite the restaurant's name. When we commented on that, the server gave us attitude as if it should be expected that they run out of 25 percent of their wine list on a Saturday night. The seating was tight and the noise level was a little higher than we'd like. There are too many better restaurants with more pleasant staff to choose from.   We won't be back.The human factor can never be discounted when you visit an eating establishment.  I will go out on a limb and say that Wine Thief has the most human of servers and barkeeps of any place that I have visited in my short life.  They seem to exist solely to provide pleasure and enjoyment.  The smile that I left with this evening is still on my face and the wonderful Bullit Bourbon is still on my lips.  The food is ethereal, the wine is divine and the coffee is out of this world.  Go there!We've been back to Wine Thief a number of times since the soft opening and each time there have been improvements.  The wine list continues to grow, which considering their name, is pretty important.  The place is hopping and the service has gotten better as the staff learns the wines and how they might be best paired.  One previous time, they were out of both the first and second wines that I wanted, but the waiter recommended a third option that I was happy with - it was less expensive than either of the two wines I wanted and the quality was good.  Since then, they have not been out of any wine we ordered.
This visit, I ordered the fried chicken and it's only gotten better since the opening.   It's not greasy and the chicken is incredibly moist.  The corn bread pudding is still phenomenal and the collard greens were great.
The cippino stew was a winner at our table.  My fiance had wanted to try it since we saw it written up in the Inquirer.  She wasn't disappointed.
The one dish that we ordered that night that could benefit from some more attention was the vegetarian Shepherd's Pie.  The reaction to the dish was literally, "Meh."  The other dishes all outweighed this subpar plate.
On another visit, we had the dry rubbed ribs and sweet potato fries that were on special.  They were cooked incredibly well...the meat came right off the bone and the flavors were balanced.  The ribs were a special this visit as well, but I opted for the chicken because I had been thinking about it all day already.
On this visit, the table also ordered the eggplant cheesecake and sending this out with toasted bread is a winner.  It's hard for me to not eat too much of it, but I have to restrain myself or I have to deal with the consequences.  It's worth it, though.  We also had the Thief Roll again and it's improved.  It's crispy, crunchy, but the inside was cold, the way it should be and it was a great contrast to the hot exterior.
We've also been for the Sunday brunch and it was very quiet when we went (around noon on Sunday).  My fiance ordered Sophie's Eggs, which was 2 eggs benedict, over cornbread pudding with cheddar cheese.  She added a roasted poblano pepper as a request.  I had the french toast, which had an orange and vanilla batter, and was fantastic.  I love french toast (FYI...best french toast ever: Village Coffee Shop in Boulder, Co.  If you are there, don't miss it.  Seriously.  Don't.  I dream about that french toast.  And I tell everyone about it.  It's incredible.)  I like my coffee black and it was quite nice to have something other than warm brown water.  It was good and strong and flavorful.  I can't remember where it was from...I wish I did because it'd be in our house.
Some things that we've noticed the last few visits:
- The sound absorbing panels that have been added along the top of the walls.  The place is still loud because it is such a confined space, but the panels help.  Low-talkers will have no chance of being heard, so maybe a few more panels will help out even more.
- There are covers over some of the vents now.  It's nice to not have ice cold air blowing over your feet and legs.
- Make a reservation.  Even during the week, it's filling up quickly.  It's nice to see it really busy, but be prepared for a wait if they don't have your name in advance.I was visiting my friend in Philly last weekend, and we were doing major brain damage over where to eat Saturday night.  Perhaps we should have done more? A few places we wanted to go had early-ish closing times, so we settled on the Wine Thief. It was a bit odd. We were greeted by a friendly person and seated in the front part of the restaurant, which is a bit small. The overall noise factor was a bit overwhelming. They are clearly trying to deal with this fact--it looked as if they had installed some noise baffling panels near the ceiling. The lighting is a bit harsh or something. So, overall, the atmosphere needed a bit of a tweak. The source of the noise soon became clear--a table of freakish-looking Philly-Goes-Real-Housewives-Jersey-Shore folks who apparently were giving our waiter some grief. We know this because he told us. Repeatedly. Once was okay. Twice, not awful...but it became a bit annoying. We get it, we hear them, they're obnoxious. Anyway, he seemed like he could be a stand up comic--that's the vibe he gave off. Then he told us a joke. A kind of stupid, long and inappropriate one...
Anyway, the food. The wine was good. The cheese plate looked kind of like someone had already eaten off of it which grossed me out. Fortunately, I was hungry. I got a salad, which didn't have as much flavor as I was led to believe by the menu. My friend got the special--a pasta--which she thought was okay, but not stellar either. 
Overall, we had fun and enjoyed each other's company, but I don't think we'll be racing back there anytime soon!The food is really good.  We went last night as a group of 4 and I had the Wine Thief salad (excellent orange berry balsamic dressing, craisins, cashews) and the salmon (mixed greens, quinoa) and both were great.  The salmon was a bit oversalted but perfectly cooked so it came off your fork like butter.  
My date had the scallop risotto which was a pretty small portion IMO.  He said it was good.  He opened with the vegetarian chili, garnished with tortillas and a side of garlic mash.  
My friends had the risotto and then the meatloaf.  They liked both.  
For dessert, we got the bread pudding, which wasn't traditional but more like chunks of bread.  It was great.  They got the special pie that was white chocolate cheesecake.  
If for food alone, this place rates 4-4.5 stars.  Unfortunately it had to be served to me and we had to sit there.  It was a beautiful night-probably 72-73 outside with no humidity.  Windows were open.  Vent blowing A/C right on my date's leg.  He actually held his napkin in front of it which made it a pleasure to eat one handed after 2 requests to turn it down or off.  
I went to use the ladies room and out comes kitchen staff of the unisex bathroom.  He didn't flush, peed on the seat and assumably the floor.  That was a great tone setter for my experience I did not share with my table.
Next, our server wasn't knowledgable, had no memory (so should be writing stuff down!!!) and generally wasn't polished, experienced or ready to be serving without supervision.  Somehow I get the sense he has been there awhile though.  He was generally inattentive-we sat without water (my friend's main beverage for at least 30 minutes) and my date and I  never asked to refill our drinks during the entire meal.  
Eh.  
Lastly, I was waiting to uncover the college kid picking the blasting music in the restaurant where I felt young at 34.  We seriously heard Paramore and like music blasting the entire meal.  
Hey, at least we can feel free to try out other area restaurants with no great need to return here!We've been eagerly awaiting the opening of the Wine Thief as a cool new addition close to home. I think we will become regulars. 
The atmosphere is clean and simple. Little art on the wall, a collection of simple glass jars and bottles in high windows, nice wood tones and huge windows in front that opened up to the evening air. 
I was a little surprised that, given the name, there was no wine menu, but the server described a few wines for us to find a good fit. Alas, they are using stemless wine glasses...so much for controlling temperature. On the plus side, they had some interesting choices and we were happy with the syrah we chose.
I tried the vegetarian French onion soup and it was perfect. Not greasy, good flavor, and just the right amount of melted cheese and crouton. The Caesar was a good sized portion. For dinner, I had the vegetarian shepherd's pie, which was a satisfying, well-baked combo of veggies, couscous and lentils in a tomatoey base, topped with mashed potatoes. My boyfriend had a pork special with grilled peaches, sweet potatoes and a sauce I think was a cider reduction. He enjoyed it, but said the peaches were a bit crispy still and he would have enjoyed a little more flavor from the sauce. We took a slice of key lime pie home for dessert later...a nice finish for the evening. 
I appreciated that the menu is a real mix of casual and fancier food, veg and meat items and small plates larger entrees. That sort of flexibility means lots of return visits to come. :)I had a great meal.  For an appetizer I had the Homemade Poppers.  They were incredible, crispy and cheesy, and heated evenly throughout.  Not the usual molten cheese surrounding a barely thawed pepper.  For the main course I had the Fried Chicken.  I would say it was techinically perfect, moist on the inside, crispy on the outside, but it lacked that certain something that makes my eyes roll back into my head.  The accompanying greens were the best I've ever had, slightly vinegary and sweet with no bitterness.  The  chicken also came with cornbread pudding which was another success.  It was moist and delicious with corn kernels that were still al dente.  The combination of textures was masterful.  Unforuneatly the portions were so plentiful that I had no room for desert.Good food a slightly higher then expected prices.  Seating was a bit cramped which makes for awkward conversation when you're in the personal space of someone else, try and get a table and not the "wall bench" when you go.How can a place called Wine Thief serve warmer-than-room-temperature wine? It's a crime... thief.The name of the restaurant says it all. Although our waiter was lovely, the place is way understaffed and the size of the drinks left much to be desired. 
Could not get a vegetable substitute for the fries because the steamer was "being used", though the waiter didn't know what for. Would not return nor recommend.Enjoyed a great dinner here last night.  French onion soup (was just ok), but I had the scallop & gnocchi entree, which was pure deliciousness.  I also had a side of brussel sprouts that were perfectly grilled and had the right level of crunch.... 
So far, this is the best meal that I've had at a Mount Airy / Chestnut Hill restaurant ... I look forward to returning when I'm off of the Pregnant Patty roster, and can enjoy a nice glass of [insert fab wine here] along w/ my meal...We visited on Friday night. My fiance had the shortribs, I had the steak au poivre and we split an order of poppers. He got a beer and I got a mojito.
Overall, we were both underwhelmed. We both felt the quality/taste of the food wasn't reflective of the somewhat expensive prices. Nothing was BAD persay, just not good enough to return. I will say the poppers were VERY bland. We both added salt and I've never seen my fiance add salt to anything. Our server was good, if a little abrupt. 
However, the atmosphere was great for a Friday night. Laid back and relaxed with dim lighting that was kind of romantic. I would suggest going and seeing what you think. We would return if friends wanted to check it out but we wouldn't seek it out again.I've been to the Wine Thief three times now and have always had an amazing experience.  After being told my numerous people that their Buffalo Meatloaf was to die for, I FINALLY ordered it.  And I am normally NOT a meatloaf person. IT WAS AMAZING!!!! Melts in your mouth. The sauce is sweet and yummy.  The french onion soup was also very good, and I loved the Penne with Shrimp in a Sundried Tomato Cream Sauce.  The Thief Roll is something you will tell your friends about.  The desserts were also great.  I normally don't like Pecan Pie, but theirs was AWESOME. Service was great - I went with a group of ten, and although our reservation was lost on a super busy Saturday night, they still seated us with no problem. Definitely try this restaurant!!!!!!!For Chestnut Hill and Mt Airy-ites, a great spot to fight winter cabin fever. If you're just feeling peckish on a non-peak night, stop in for a glass of Malbec and a few pieces of grilled bread.After having Croatian beer,  they just can't compete!  But the burger?!, the burger?!, the burger?!?  I ate the whole thing!!!!   Yeah I did!!!   And I had the 27.00 burger from Village Whiskey.....shoot!  I want my money back,!!!!   This place is my go to for burgers place!well, that was fast. i couldnt say enough nice things about this place until... 
my son and i were out walking a total of 8 miles from east  falls to chestnut hill. we stopped all over. visited family and spent money. wine thief was the last of our stops. we get there and it had just opened. there were already a couple people in there and several more walked in within the next few minutes. the same, sweet, funny dude who waited on me before, was a total ass this time. we felt so unwanted and awkward. i felt like i owed him an apology just for existing.  finished our drink, over tipped for his nasty and left feeling like a dick. everyone has a bad day. i spent way too many years behind the bar. i always faked the funk cause i dig money. i cant say ill be back. too many spots in this awesome city. i never say never, but i would have to have a real good reason to go back.While the name is Wine Thief the place is a bit short on wines, but the real attraction was the excitement of the Mt Airy folk sensing a good new place, and indeed the food and vibe were great.  
4 for dinner:
Starters:  
French onion soup - very good
Poppers - great
Grilled asparagus salad - very good
Entrees:
Fried chicken - very good with greens Bob said best ever tasted
Meatloaf - very good
Ciopino - very good.  1 with 1 without pasta.  Mussels yum, fish yum, broth, yum.  This was my dish, duh.
No desert.  The white wine Grilla was nice.
Prices seem about right and portions were generous.  Fun place and we'll return!The food was good. Perhaps some of the best
in the seriously-lacking culinary zone of Mt. Airy. So that's
not much of an achievement.
My problem was with the seriously I'll-informed
waitstaff, and lack of care, detail, and communication.
Our server didn't fit the atmosphere and would be better
off working at chili's ( no offense but it was obvious .)
He did wine thief a MAJOR disservice. Also they need a new chef,
or maybe just a different menu altogether.
The food was good but didn't 'fit the bill.'
The staff was lackadaisical and careless.
The pieces as a whole didn't fit together.
'Double-malt' scotch....really?
Wine list was decent, but not anything remarkable.
I hope they make some much needed changes.My fiancee and I have been to the Wine Thief three different times and have loved it each time.  Not sure what several other reviewers have experienced, but we've never had a bad experience.   Would definitely recommend to anyone in the area or someone stopping through wanting a great meal.  
Food:  Together we've eaten the hanger steak, fried chicken, plantains, a rib special, and buffalo burger.  The rib special was out of sight, but unfortunately not a normal item on the menu.  Fried chicken was my least favorite, but was not bad by any means.  I just don't [personally] like having to wrestle with my food at a restaurant, and ended up a greasy mess.
Service:  Each time has been attentive and friendly, helping with recommendations on wine & food.  Never botched an order, etc. 
**Note I recommended it to a vegetarian friend and both she and her boyfriend loved it...and made a point to thank me for the recommendation.  They had the vegetable shepard's pie and grilled portobello.Wow this place is Amazing. I went with my parents tonight and the food was delicious. I ordered the pan seared salmon it was cooked perfectly. My dad ordered the crabcake sandwich and he got a side order of the cornbread stuffing. The crabcake sandwich which my dad really like (just wish the sandwich was a little bit more bigger...more crab) but the corn bread Stuffing was not that great, it was so-so. It was somewhat of a different taste it didn't taste like cornbread. My mother had the scallops with the gnocchi. That was really good. They cook the scallops perfectly. The couple next to is had the meatloaf which was wrapped in bacon....it was huge. The other person had the bone in pork chop. We asked them how was it and they both said their dished were very good. After seeing the bone in pork chop that is going to be my next dish to try. The overall the food and experience was great. Server was very friendly and the owner is great also, Making sure guest were happy. Can't wait to go back.best burger in mt. airy!  wait staff pleasant not pretentious, nice menu,,,all good!Just a quick update to give mad props to the server who had a glass of wine in front of my irritated, irritating, alcohol-deprived friend in about ten seconds flat. She didn't approve, so he uncomplainingly brought her something else, and just generally was extremely patient until said friend was sufficiently inebriated and fed to be pleasant, and then didn't seem to hold it against us after that. We spent the rest of the night sampling classic cocktails and were far from disappointed. 
I may not have left a big enough tip to compensate for the initial nightmare that was my sober friend, but I did try.We went on a Thursday night which was nice because the place is small so if it were crowded it would have been kind of tight with the seating arrangements.  However, with that said, it was nicely decorated and provided a romantic but casual ambience.
The waiter was knowledgeable and helpful with wine and food selections.  Definitely knew the menu and each of the featured wines.
Food was nearly perfect. The buffalo meatloaf and how it was paired with mashed potatoes and the what tasted like a french onion reduction was very good.  I had the short ribs which is unusual for me but they literally fell off the bone.  There was no struggling because the meat simply fell off. Very tasty.  
We'll definitely go back.  Nice change from what is offered in the Chestnut Hill area.I met a friend here for a quick drink while I was in the area and thought it was a pretty neat little place. We only had the wine so I can't comment on the food, but it looked like it was a good menu.
First of all, they have happy hour on saturdays. That is amazing, especially when most places don't even have FRIDAY happy hour. And the specials were pretty good. They had both a red and a white on special for $4 per glass (and they were healthy pours!)
All in all, I would go back if I were in the areaWe made our second visit to the Wine Thief last night and it was utter chaos. It was a busy evening, but not slammed. However the service was AWOL most of the evening and our dinner got so botched they comped our meal. My boyfriend ordered the caesar salad with chicken. After well more than an hour, they brought the caesar, no chicken. They took it back to the kitchen to get the chicken, and after about a half hour brought out a small plate of chicken, no salad. Another wait to get the greens back, which were barely dressed. 
We waited ages to order drinks, way longer til my wine came and they never checked back to see if we wanted anything else. My cioppino was good at least. 
We're giving them a time-out for a little while, figuring they are still new and can hopefully sort out how to run the place soon.
Since our first visit, they now do have wine menus, so one improvement.My uncle took me here to celebrate my 33rd birthday. The food and wine were very solid and we had a nice time. The service was attentive without being intrusive. I particularly recommend the hanger steak, which had an almost buttery taste to it and a wonderfully springy sauce that did not mask, but rather enhanced, the flavor of the meat itself.  
This would have been a four or five star experience, but for one thing. We ordered two steaks, a couple of cups of wine, soups, and salad. My uncle wanted bread with his meal, which is a perfectly sane and normal request at a bistro. The waitress told us that there would be a $3 "upcharge" for bread. I think this is outrageous, and restaurants should be providing bread as a courtesy, especially for customers who are walking out with a $100+ bill. What's next, is there going to be an "upcharge" for tap water?
This is nickle and diming customers at its worst, and I am not returning because of this. This place would be PACKED but for quirks like this, because the food is really great and it's a nice setting in which to dine. Makes me feel like my business was not appreciated, and the restaurant is just trying to squeeze every penny out of me, not cultivate a repeat customer.Been their twice, good both times. This time had the beet salad and burgers. Burgers were perfect! Usually burgers are burgers, but we've had the rouge burger on Rittenhouse square-these were just as good.I went last night with a high school friend who I hadn't seen in years.  If it weren't for not wanting to embarrass her, I would have walked out before I even ordered.  
The place is tiny, like 12 tables in all, with a bar that can sit about 10 people.  When I walked in it was full except for a small high-top at the bar.  I grabbed that table so we would have a place ti sit.  I waited literally 10 min before a server came to the table,  they were obviously understaffed.  He asked if I wanted anything to drink.  Informing him I was going to wait for my guest he walked away.  My guest arrived shortly after.  I change the word server to waiter because his tone, demeanor, and lack of knowledge would have been better suited for a diner.  
As for the food...I had the asparagus salad, which is described as having pistachio nuts and drizzled balsamic.  Neither of which is true.  Well, I guess the one piece of pistachio on the salad, and the asparagus swimming in balsamic could qualify.  For my main course I had a blu cheese burger.  The burger was good, but the fries were the highlight of my meal, cooked and seasoned perfectly.  I think I know why this restaurant is named the Wine Thief...because someone stole half of their wine list.  The list they do serve is very limited, and basic.  
In a nutshell, this place is forgettable. If the service was any slower it would have been moving in reverse.  There was a clear lack of menu knowledge. The food seems hit or miss.  And what wine they serve is nothing exciting, it could be on a list at any restaurant on Germantown ave.When my wife and I can sneak out for some time to ourselves we pick wine thief!  Its a neighborhood feel with city food and drink!  The bartenders are so friendly and knowledgeable  - Wait staff always nice.  The food is great- the theif roll is always our favorite and the pita nachos- a great alternative to the regular bar nachos!  The fired chicken is my go to entree!  Always amazing.  Highly recommend the Wine Thief!I wanted to like The Wine Thief and I do. I like the Wednesday special, which is the filet, mashed potatoes and spinach. Yum. I agree with one post. There were a lot of little ones around. I figured because it was mid week and the day on which specials are served. I had the risotto once it was a tad too salty for my liking. The rolls and ceviche are tasty. Nice wine selection. Servers have great personality, polite etc. My favorite Bartender is on Sunday nights..Very cool, friendly  and funny. The wine thief is a great spot in West Mt airy to relax have a glass of wine and chat with peeps at the bar or watch a game. Or invite a few friends and have dinner, It's a cozy environment, not overwhelming with friendly servers. I wanted to like it ad I do!So thrilled to have this bistro in my 'hood! I met a friend for dinner on a Thursday night--reservations are a highly recommended, convenient cinch. 
A casual, chill ambiance intertwines with the simple, relaxed setting. The lighting is perfectly welcoming; and the spacial arrangement is well managed so it feels intimate enough at your table, and yet boisterous enough to feel as though you're surrounded by a gaggle of friends. 
Adored the knowledgeable, welcoming and attentive waitstaff. (Shout-out to Emily for making sure our glasses were never empty!)
The food is prepared simply proving that great, fresh ingredients make for a sumptuous plate at a sensible price. The grilled pork chop with peach white wine sauce, sweet mashed potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts is thus highly recommended :) 
(I see a lot of folks talkin' about this eggplant cheesecake, which was conspicuously absent. I'm hoping they bring that back 'cause it sounds marvelous.)
Now the wine. Some folks have mentioned their disappointment with the selections (or lack thereof) and I wholeheartedly disagree. The selections are varied in a way that is completely befitting of the bistro's mission, food pairings and setting. I think it's important to acknowledge that this is a neighborhood friendly establishment fostering an attitude of inclusion and infusion of culture. Everything from the waitstaff, to the location, to the food and decor denotes simplicity and a casual exchange of that which is just plain good. The markups are as minimal as anywhere I've been, and the effort it takes to deliver that is much appreciated by me. 
I discovered and enjoyed something new, and my 3 glasses of Vinho Tinto, Quinta da Garrida ('07) were divine and delightful surprises. I'm so likely to return so often that I'm dubbing the Wine Thief as my personal Cheers, a place where they're absolutely gonna know my name.Well, I've never been a fan of the Mt. Airy area, but I never turn down a free meal when given the chance. So when we found out that we were going to one of the nicer restaurants in the area, I was pleased to give it a try. And to my surprise it was pretty good.
After walking in last minute, it was apparent we were very lucky to get a table without a reservation on a Saturday night. While we got lucky with the seat, but unfortunately we were put right on top of the people (which seems like the norm). So the conversation that night was awkwardly shared with the table next to us which meant my conservative rants were heard with disdain by my liberal table-neighbors. Also, the service was not great, maybe because it was busy, but not very personable. We. 
My last critique is the fact that the Wine Thief does not have many wines on their wine list. Unlike other wine bars which I've been to, this presented a disappointing selection which is upsetting because it seems that's what they pride themselves on. But hoe hum, lets get on with the review.
For my appetizer I had the Beet Salad which was actually quite delicious. When getting beets, it's always a risk because the beets may not be very fresh, tasteful, or presented well. Luckily, paired with fresh arugula, and a tasty balsamic, the beets were sweet and tangy which went great with the bitterness of the arugula.
For my entrée I had the pork belly sandwich, and it was pretty good, but not great. While I love pork belly, this pork belly was nothing special. Maybe since it was on a sandwich they didn't feel the need to include a great piece of meat, but it was my main disappointment of the dish. Other than that, the roll it came on was delicious, and the arugula was good (again) and the French Fries came out hot, and tasty.
I'd recommend the wine thief to couples looking to try something new without the expensive price tag and formalness of an upscale restaurant. It is fitting that we decided on the wine thief at the last minute because it is a last minute or "safety" restaurant in my book.The restaurant is lovely, albeit a bit cramped. We had the pita nachos as an appetizer, which were amazing. 
I wasn't too impressed with our entrees, though. Tasty? Yes. Worth the money? Not really. However, I would still come here for small appetizer plates, drinks, and quality time with friends.I've only been to Wine Thief once and it was good enough that I would definitely return for a second go. The restaurant itself is small and comfortable with a nice bar in the middle. 
I wasn't in the mood for wine so I started off with a very tasty mojito. Even though it was the middle of winter it really hit the spot! For an appetizer we had the clamari which was very good but the saffron remoulade that accompanied it had very little flavor. 
I finished off with the fettuccine with steak, grilled squash, bleu cheese and bechamel sauce...awesome! The pasta was cooked perfectly and the steak and bleu cheese was divine! I only wished that the portion had been twice as large! Even for eating a entire pasta dish and half an appetizer I didn't leave overly full and ended up getting a plate of wings a half hour later at the bar! 
Will definitely return to try their pork chop and crab cakes that sounded awesome. 
I also have to give a quick reference to our server who was great! I believe his name was Andy and he was super friendly, attentive, and knew the menu well.A wine thief is a tube a winemaker uses to sneak wine from the barrel while it is being processed, to check its progress.  But the name was enough for us to find it when we were seeking a wine bar (after a wonderful soul food dinner at Nile Cafe just down the road).  So we only had drinks and fries here (huge plate and nicely seasoned).
We liked their wine list a lot and were surprised by how many they had by the glass, several French ones in there too as well as a dry rosé.  Their happy hour features $3 glasses, not a price I am used to seeing.  Although stemless wine glasses look cool on the table, they don't feel as good in the hand to me.  The cocktail list had some vintage drinks such as the Sazerac and Negroni, and the Mint Juleps looked good going by.
My spouse returned from the bathroom with news from a sign he spotted in there: they offer a fixed price vegetarian meal, only $22, for Meatless Mondays, and some of it is vegan. The regular menu had a vegan sandwich and pasta dish.  The place seems to specialize in fancy cheese, which is a big thing right now.  
The bar was comfy (thanks for the bag hooks underneath), and there was only one tv, tucked into a corner of the bar and not visible to the dining area or street, a better way if you must have one.  The walls are decorated with wine crate pices and better local art, and the space is very inviting with the front windows open.I finally visited this place on Friday night!  Some friends and I had gone to Solaris for dinner but they had no food left. (Really, on a Friday night???) So we headed to Wine Thief for a little wine and a superbly delicious meal.  I have the fried organic chicken with the cornbread pudding and a substitute of mashed sweet potatoes.  Everything was wonderful!  I can't recall what my friends ate but they loved their meals as well.  
We followed up with dessert.  We all tried something different - bread pudding, tres leche and chocolate cake.  Everyone raved about their dessert so I'm guessing this is an area where you can't go wrong!  
I'll definitely be adding this to my Chestnut Hill favorites.I suppose it's not really fair that I'm reviewing Wine Thief before it even officially opens, but I know several of the key players of this restaurant and was able to attend the soft opening last night. Their official grand opening is next Tuesday, June 16. I will be honest in this review; it does no good to sing a restaurant's praises if no praises are deserved.
They used a limited menu for the first night, with the plan to include additional dishes the next two nights. The style of food is American Comfort, but it was mentioned to me a better way to describe it would be comfortable American food. Even on the limited menu, there are some standouts that would bring me back as soon as I can.
From what I understood last night their liquor license won't be completed for two weeks, so for the soft opening, they provided wine and beer for free. They had a Chateau St Michelle 2005 Orphelin red varietal that we were told was mostly Pinot Noir, with other grapes blended. However, I did a little research afterward and found that it was actually mostly Syrah at 56%. It's important that the bartenders know the wine they are serving at a place like this. The wine was easy to drink from the start, but after letting it breathe for a while in the glass and open bottle, the layers and complexities really started to show.  It was a nice wine to have for free, but I would have been happy paying for it.
Frankly, I kind of enjoyed the limited menu.  It didn't allow for too much dawdling or hemming and hawing, although, to be completely honest, the app and the entree that I was going to order jumped off the menu and smacked me in the face.
The appetizer I ordered was the Thief Roll.  It's a seared ahi tuna roll, with a soy dipping sauce and a wasabi crema.  The flavor of the tuna was nearly over-powering and the seaweed in the roll was fantastic.  The flash frying gave the exterior a great crunch, but it really would have stood out had the inside of the roll be colder.  It was warm, which disappointed, but the dish definitely has the potential to be a knockout.  We also ordered the mussels, which were available with the typical marinara or a spicy Thai sauce.  We got the spicy Thai and the reviews were good.  The spice was balanced well with the mussels although it may have leaned a bit towards the "too spicy" side (that's not from me...).
The best appetizer of the night, by far, was the eggplant cheesecake.  It was velvety smooth, light and airy and full of flavor.  I'm not a huge eggplant person - if I can avoid it, I usually do - but this was incredible.  It comes with a fork, but crackers would do very well with it.
I ordered the fried chicken for my entree.  I'm a chicken guy.  Some people will always order salmon or tuna if they see it on the menu.  I love trying chefs' different approaches to chicken.  And I love fried chicken.  The sides that came with it were collard greens and corn bread pudding.  When the plate got to me, the chicken was steaming hot and piled high with a drumstick, thigh, and breast with wing.  Collard greens are collard greens, and either you like them or you don't.  These were good, everyone enjoyed them and the only reason they weren't cleared from the plate was because I was full.  And I was full because I ate every last bit of the corn bread pudding.  This was, flat out, the best corn bread pudding I have ever eaten if my life.  It was sweet and delicious.  It should be an appetizer, served in a bowl and also available as a side.  I would order the fried chicken again if only to eat the corn bread pudding.  Luckily, however, the fried chicken is also fantastic; full of flavor, moist, perfectly cooked and not too oily or greasy.  The skin was crispy and flaky and so, so good.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it.
They do have some kinks that need to be worked out, as any new restaurant has.  No bread came out initially with the mussels as it was supposed to.  Waiters were walking into each other as they learn to navigate the space.  It took a little while to get the apps and both the apps and entrees were brought out staggered - everyone didn't get them at the same time.  These are things that can be expected during soft openings.  The most important thing during a soft opening is the quality of the food and it was wonderful.  I look forward to getting back there once the bar is stocked.  
Overall, I really think Wine Thief is going to be a standout.  The food is going to be creative and good.  It'll be the kind of place you'll go back to and will have a hard time deciding whether to get the delicious meal you had last time again or try something new.  Either decision will be a winner. 
I will write an update when I've been back once they are fully open.WORST SERVICE EVER!! I had come here for dinner with a friend, and at the end of the night wanted to split the check. The server wound up charging my card twice, once for the full amount of the check and a second time for my half of the bill. Was not told at all that this had happened, but the money had been taken out of my account already. In this day and age of instant withdrawal of funds, customers should always be notified of mistakes like that! Moreover, 48hrs after the fact and the money still has not been returned to my bank!!!! The food was only so-so. The only good thing on the menu was the pork belly sandwich. And service (aside from the bill fiasco) was horrible. We ordered drinks (beer that was on tap!) when we sat down and the server took over 30 minutes to bring them to us. While we were waiting, she remembered to check on the table next to us, but completely forgot about our drinks! Horrible service, and boring food. NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR MONEY!We went to Wine Thief over Labor Day weekend.  I wanted to love it.  I didn't.  But don't let that you scare you -- I thought it was good enough for another chance, maybe brunch.  
Likes:
*Great service from a responsive, friendly waitress
*Plantain fritter:  crispy with a sweet, soft inside.  Yum!
*Corn pudding:  not so pudding-y.  More like a crumbly stuffing, but still, tasty.
*Fun beer selection
*Great renovations (it's hard to believe this is the same place as the old Bitar's) 
Dislikes:
*The fried chicken I ordered was beautifully fried, but waaaaaay underseasoned.  As in, not much taste at all.
*They charged $1.50 to substitute the plaintain fritter for the collard greens, making a $16 entree a $17.50 entree.  And all of the "sides" (including the fritter and collard greens) were available on the menu for the same price -- $4.  Why the markup for the substitution?  It was not a $17.50 entree.  
*My dining partner described the chicken sandwich as "eh." Make of it what you will.After taking too much time to decide what I wanted for dinner at the Night Market, the lines were beyond long and my hungry levels were on code red. I ditched my boyfriend in a line that wasn't moving and stalked down the street like a deranged lunatic. The wait at Earth, Bread & Brewery was about a half hour, so I moved on to Wine Thief, where I had picked up a glass of wine from their Night Market table earlier in the evening. 
As luck would have it, a high top in the bar was available, so I sat down and proceeded to have a nice dinner for one, not knowing if my boyfriend would get to the end of his line in time to join me (for the record, he didn't). The bar was dimly lit with candles throughout. It was crowded, so the din of the crowd was palpable, but not bothersome. As I sipped my glass of sauvignon blanc, I felt pretty peaceful - except for the occasional clanging of the bartenders at the ice machine, which was obnoxiously loud. 
For dinner, a big bowl of mussels in marinara sauce, with a few slices of toasted sourdough bread. It was heavenly. I felt positively blissful by the time I paid the check and rejoined the crowd. I'd love to check out Wine Thief for dinner on a night with less activity to see how the other menu items compare.