I love when picking somewhere to eat because there's no line turns out well! I'm at the Reading Terminal Market and decided I was hungry, since everything smells so good. It is so crowded but this place had no line. I ordered a pork schnitzel sandwich and it was heavenly!!! So much better than I was expecting. The fried pork was moist and flavorful, the bread was chewy, the herb mayo and crunchy lettuce were refreshing, and the tomato confit and mustards just gave it that extra kick. YUM.Got the Bavarian Smoked Sausage Sandwich and it was amazing. The bread was good, the Bavarian coleslaw and horseradish sauce was very tasty and the sausage by itself was super yum. They top it with fried onions - yep it's all as delicious as it sounds and looks. 
I only wish they had more of the coleslaw and the sauce. 
Wish I could eat more, sadly I was hungry enough for just one meal and had a lot of other things to try at the Reading Terminal.This is a hard one. On one hand, I really don't think they make a great restaurant. I was thoroughly unimpressed with my schnitzel, which is one of the simplest of Bavarian fare to produce: you pound out pork of veal, season with salt and pepper, drop into egg wash, flour, breadcrumb and fry it. When you mess up something simple, it generally is pretty obvious in the end product, and the offering was entirely average and offered at a price that convinced me to never get lunch there again.
On the other hand, anyone who makes blood sausage is on the side of the angels IMHO. They have a wondrous sampling of different sausages, which were mouthwatering and they have a very nice sampling of german good. As a grocery store, they are top notch (though that quality is matched with a corresponding price), so they kind of wind up dropping into the middle. They are A-OK overall.Meh. The currywurst was pretty ratchet. Basically the brat was dried out and what little curry ketchup there was, was simply ketchup at best. For what it's worth the sausage sandwiches looked fairly decent.Very good...had the smoked sausage sandwhich with stew. Also had an order of potato pancakes...roll was excellent and good pricing!I come here for the Weisswurst and the Baurenwursts. 
I spend about $50 each time. I recommend this to anyone. People think Bratwurst are the only German sausages.Amazing! Crisp bread, quality sausage, AMAZING sauce that doesn't overpower the meat. How there weren't longer lines for this place, I don't know.never been to brauhaus, but my first taste of wursthaus exceeded my expectations.  
had the bavarian sandwich.  it's a filling footlong portion, and the bauernwurst had that perfect "snap" i was hoping for.  juicy and smokey and not too greasy.  the bread was fresh and toasty, which is always a prerequisite for a great sandwich.  lastly the fried onions on top just took it to the next level.  also, the condiment wh*re in me has to give props to the curry ketchup and two types of mustards (spicy and sweet).
kinda wish they had french fries to go with the curry ketchup but i guess that didn't make it over from the brauhaus menu yet.  the only sides they have are the goulash or latkes.  didn't try either of those this time around, but i'll definitely be back.  hopefully they'll have fries by then.This place is awesome.   If you like German food, this is for you.  I went for the leberkase platter plus sauerkraut.  Way more than I can possibly eat but it's all fabulous.  And the price was great.  $8 for the platter plus $3 for the kraut...it can more than easily feed 2 hungry German food lovers. :))Admittedly I'm a bit of a spoiled brat (get it? brat? sauseeeeg??, nevermind)....I can get a Brauhaus brat(wurst) any old time I want living within spitting distance of the famed South Street establishment. Lucky for all of you who don't have that luxury in life, you can now get a taste of Germany at the conveniently located Reading Terminal Market in the brand spankin' new outpost, Wursthaus Schmitz. Sandwiches here are of epic proportion...literally, footlong sandwiches ranging from $8-10 that are not only reasonably priced, but meaty, cheesy, and dressed with the tastiest of toppings whether it be a sauce, a slaw, or a crunchy pickle.
I have stopped by twice and made two meals each out of the Bavarian and the Lyoner. The Bavarian comes topped with a Bavarian cole slaw, a horseradish sauce, and crunchy fried onions; the bauernwurst was nice and smoky with a great crisp casing which lasted straight through to the second meal later in the day. The Lyoner, oh God the Lyoner....a sandwich only suitable for a day that you know you won't feel bad for eating not just fried bologna, but gooey munster cheese, and the only slightly healthy topping; the dill pickle. I am so glad that I don't live next to the terminal anymore because it would be far too tempting having these sandwiches so close by.
If you're looking for some of the offerings of Brauhaus at Wursthaus, never you fear, you can still take home their awesome brats which are located in their front case, or you can loop around to the side of their location and grab other wonderful German goodies including yummy kinder treats. Do I like this place? Yes, yes I do. I am happy to see Brauhaus expand to cater to those that are scared of visiting my fair land of South Street...enjoy guys, you can still find me at the Brauerbund.The "Wurst" schnitzel ever. We ordered the schnitzel platter with french fries. The schnitzel came out looking a little too dark, but not too bad. I was optimistic. When we tried to cut it with the plastic silverware I actually started laughing as I was sawing furiously with my plastic knife5. It was impossible. My boyfriend then tried to rip it in half - nope. It was so dry and rubbery we couldn't even eat it. He didn't even eat the fries. He always eats the fries. Always. The potato pancakes were undercooked and very dense. It was such a let down. Maybe I should have gone with a (non-schnitzel) sandwich. I don't think I'd go back again to try it though.My friend and I were walking through Reading Terminal, searching for something healthy, when this display of mysterious head cheeses and sausages caught our eye. Abandoning all delusions of healthy eating, we ordered a liverwurst sandwich and fried bologna sandwich. While both were good, the fried bologna sandwich, composed of a soft roll and fried, thick-cut pieces of bologna, was waaay better. It's like the gourmet, adult version of a childhood classic. I am looking forward to trying more items off the menu!Simply awesome. The food they have seems to be German comfort food. I've had the Bavarian and Schnitzel sandwiches.. Both good choices. They also sell random German stuff like toothpaste, jams and candies. My only negative criticism would be that the food is slightly expensive, but then again, the quality is great, so I don't ever regret going there.What a disappointment! I love Brauhaus on South Street but the reading terminal location has let me down. The chicken schnitzel sandwich was barely edible due to burnt chicken. The chicken was very dry and thinner than the breading for the most part. I commented on the burnt look of the chicken coming out of the fryer to the cashier. She told me it wasn't burnt but just cooked properly. Because of the burnt chicken, a lot of it was inedibly crunchy/chewy.
The two stars goes to decent bread and German potato salad. Maybe some adjustments are needed to the fryer or overall cooking process?Best leberkaese ever! The potato pancakes are great too. Stumbled upon this place by chance, and will certainly go back again.Love the idea of this place but actually on a recent visit I found the Gulasch and potato pancakes disgusting. The Gulasch was inedible, it was so spicy! I've never had Gulasch like that in Germany, possibly Hungary but it will be a thinner sauce... this had a thick soup of pure spicy paprika. The Wurst sandwich came out split open (improperly prepared.) the potato pancake was not crispy, it was undercooked and flavorless. Please do better next time!I went here for lunch during jury duty (all of reading terminal gives a discount with your jury badge). Got the pork schnitzel. Its about a foot long with a good balance of meat to lettuce,tomato, etc. The sauce really added a lot of flavor. I would go here again, despite all the other choices at RTM. 
I'm giving it 4 stars because I find myself curious about all of the other choices at RTM, and don't see this place as a "must visit" every time I go to RTM. But if you are a fan of German food, this place is definitely worth a visit.Unbelievable sized portions and delicious food! Service was great and my husband and I are looking forward to our next time here!Our family visited the Love Park Christmas Village today, and after walking over to Wanamakers (i.e. Macy's) and catching their Christmas light show, we decided to swing by the Reading Terminal for a late lunch. We tried Wursthaus Schmitz, and the three of us each tried a different kind of wurst. All our sandwiches were delicious, and eating in the Terminal is always eclectic fun. The price couldn't be beat either. Wursthaus Schmitz also has a nice selection of German and Austrian imported and prepared specialties. We were very happy that we stopped by...Worst schnitzel I have ever eaten!  It was over cooked and dry.  I grew up in Germany and was expecting much better quality of food than what was served here.  I let the manager know this before i tossed my meal in the garbage and she was rude and insulting, telling me that i didn't know what i was talking about. She said that the way it was served to me is the way it is served in Germany.  From now on, I will be certain to tell everyone i know never to eat here.This vendor is conveniently located to the central seating at Reading Terminal Market which makes it one of my go-to spots when adding a couple of more interesting items to sample. I've tired the Hungarian sausage sandwich, some of the cold links, as well as some of the cold cuts. I'd suggest sampling a few of the cold cuts and figuring out which meat and spice blends are most appealing to you.One of the better sandwiches I've ever had.  The thick fried bologna is pretty good and works perfect with the muenster cheese, pickle and horseradish.  Will definitely get again!Large, filling and flavorful.  Try a Hungarian if you like peppers and a delicious goulash sauce with the wurst, or a Bacon & Schnitzel sandwich (which could easily feed two).  Opt for a sparkling apple cider from the fountain instead of a regular soda to go with your lunch.
Thumbs up for:  taste, service, pricePeople haven't really discovered this place yet so the lines aren't long.  Why people would wait in line for hours for DiNics when you can buy a sandwich here with no waiting is beyond me!  Plus the sandwiches are huge!  You can easily share one of their large wurst sandwiches between two people.  I recommend the Bavarian and the Polish!  Potato pancakes are good too!Fried Bologna sandwich is amazing. Quality meat with a mild horseradish sauce and a pickle. You must try.I got sick, and I have an iron stomach. 
I was really excited to find this place in the Reading Terminal Market, however my meal was an epic disappointment. My goulash tasted like it was three days old, they had no ice so I had a warm flat soda and the schnitzel in my BLT was burned.  They did have good customer service because I sent the sandwich back and they made a better one for me. I probably would not have cared to write a review but three hours later I am sitting here with time to write one.I was here on a recent trip to Reading Terminal and this was one of the highlights. First, let me start by saying I have a little bit of a bias because I love anywhere that serves good charcuterie. You could do everything else wrong but have a good sausage and I'm happy. 
Like most places at Reading, it is pretty small with a relatively short menu. I decided to go with the Hungarian paprika sausage sandwich and it was awesome. A ton of food for the money and the sausage was great. If you are not in the mood for a sausage sandwich there is also a nice selection of traditional German delicatessen fare 
Overall definitely worth the stop even in Reading where there are so many good options. It also makes me really want to go to Brauhaus Schmitz, their full restaurantGreat food! Prices could be better. 
After traveling to Germany, and coming from a German family, I was very impressed by Wursthaus's food. I am a fan of the Lyoner which is a sandwich that includes a grilled Lyoner (which is like a German bologna), pickles, onions, dressing, and Muenster cheese on a roll. 
Their prices in their market are a bit high, and they overcharge for their deli meats as well. However, you can't beat the authenticity without grabbing your passport and hopping on a plane to Deutschland!
Great customer service, and the staff is very friendly and willing to help :DDo you love German food?  Do you live near Reading Terminal?  Does the idea of going to South Street turn your stomach.  Fear not, Wursthaus Schmitz to the rescue.
As a fan of Brauhaus, I'm happy to report that many (possibly all and more) of the delicacies that I've come to know and love are available for purchase at Reading Terminal.  The display case is chock full of wonderful meaty and cheesey items to satisfy your craving for a taste Germany.
Upon my first (of several) visits I had the Bavarian and while being a hefty sandwich (I get two meals out of it) it's extremely tasty.  The baurenwurst, cole slaw and fried onions lend a creamy and slightly spicy flavor profile that would be a pick me up even on my wurst day (ba dump bump groan)
So now you don't have to treck down to South Street to satisfy your cravings.  I think this is an excellent addition to Reading Terminal and a fine representation of an established Philadelphia restaurant.After going all around the Reading Terminal Market, I chose this place because I could get something without bread. You see, I was planning on having a philly cheese steak not too long after so I needed a non-bread option. Both my brother and I got their "German meatloaf" -- Leberkase, I think it was called? It turned out to be very interesting; I'd never had a meatloaf quite like this one. The consistency was more like bologna than the meatloaf most americans are used to, but it was tasty! They take a slice and pan-fry it, it looks like, and it was accompanied by some nice vinegary German potato salad. The overall effect was quite nice and best of all--no bread :) The people working here were all very nice and friendly, although they did forget about our order of potato pancakes and we had to go up and ask. Those pancakes were worth the wait, however, crispy and delicious (if a tad overdone), especially with the side of apple sauce and sour cream, yum! We definitely don't have as many places serving this kind of food in CA, so it was nice to experience something out of the ordinary!Had two things there and I was impressed! The German meatloaf was tasty, and the smoked sausage platter was a huge amount of food for the price. I love their potato salad. I highly recommend it.While browsing the Market, I decided to try this place, since back in Houston, German food is not nearly as plentiful, or as good...in my opinion.
Tried the Bavarian and was pleased.  only had to wait a few minutes; entree serve hot and with all the right ingredients.  I wanted to sample more from the Wursthaus, but the Bavarian filled me up, so perhaps on a later visit.A Great Selection of German products. Their potato pancakes are great & the cucumber salad is the best! it has fresh dill and isn't sugary sweet like others I've had. They have a very large selection of German candy. and the biggest selection of Ritter chocolate I've ever seen. My only complaint is some of their items can be a bit pricy (esp. chocolate)The team behind the counter were courteous and efficient. We shared the Bavarian and Hungarian specialty sandwiches. The stew in Hungarian was greasy while the sausage was dry and chewy. The sausage in the Bavarian was also dry and very chewy. On top of that we ordered two bottles of water and wound up with two soda fountain cups filled with tap water for the eye-popping price of $2 each. My partner is still reeling with the indigestion 4.5 hours later. Do yourself a favor, go to another place in Reading Terminal.Highly recommend the foods here! The quality of the foods are top notch. They have super delicious schnitzel, potato pancakes, and bratwurst! I shared with my husband 2 sandwiches: the schnitzel & bratwurst sandwich, and they were ginormous! I was so stuffed afterwards for the rest of the day.
The taste of all these items were divine, and really delicious. I really loved the schnitzel - nicely fried, crispy, and not oily. The potato pancakes was crispy and full of taste. The bratwurst was so juicy and oh so yummy! My husband & I really enjoyed our meal.
Food wise it was excellent. The female cashier, however, was lacking in customer service. She gives off a "don't bother me" vibe, which was a big turn off.Went for lunch. Had the sausage platter, which was mediocre. Also had the Leber Käse platter, which was far below expectations...bland and boring. This is below standard for German food. Will not return.Picked up some takeout here to cook at home. Some very tasty well spiced brats and a few sides. The spatzel was very light, and when sauteed with butter was 1st class eating.Had the Bavarian here. I'm not really sure what it was that I was eating-- horseradish and onions for sure and plain wheat roll, but regardless, very tasty. It was a bit pricier than I would have liked, but worth trying once.OMG, it was sooooo good. 
I had a Bavarian Special. It was smoked bauernwurst, cole slaw, fried onions and horseradish sauce. I swear there was some kind of bacon in it too. 
It was smokey in flavor. I think the best sausage I have had in a long time. All the flavors just jelled together. The meat is high quality. It is slightly reminiscent of Kielbasa, but so much better tasting. It is clearly store made and not purchased somewhere. 
There were other selections available and meat for purchase. They have other goods for sale as well for those for a hunger for European Germanic type food. 
The sand which was large in size. I first thought I would not finish this delight. But, one bite and I was hooked, I had to have more and each and every bite was gone before lunch was over. 
This store is tucked in a corner of Reading Terminal Market. Service was slightly slow. This place should be packed out for the meaty delights. 
It is simply outstanding. Only a 4 star due to service.The weiner schnitzel was the best meal we had at the reading terminal market. It was huge and delicious. The fries were crispy and the people were very very nice. We also had the orange cola drink. It was interesting and refreshing.Just had the Bavarian, a simple sandwich that has me coming back.  Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.This place exceeded what we thought we may get........so glad we tried it, delicious German Sausages!I got The Hungarian as recommended by the cashier, but was slightly disappointed.  The sausage itself was smoky and cooked to perfection - but was a little too greasy for my taste.  The sandwich was dripping and soggy, swimming in it's own fat. 
It was a foot-long sandwich, which I devoured in my first sitting. I thought it would fill me up more, but I ended up getting a sweet bun at a nearby store to supplement the sandwich.Super busy
Takes credit cards
Decent wurst,. But not as good as the review s. And expected....
Still good but imo.. overratedOh mah lawwwwd.
Why have I not been to this place on previous trips to Reading Terminal?  It's amazing. 
For the large 10-12 inch sandwich they charge anywhere from 7-8$, which is great because they don't skimp out on the fillings.  I had a fried bologna sandwich that included muenster cheese, a pickle and some other magic sauce but godddaaamn was that good!  Boyfriend enjoyed a Bavarian which was a smoked sausage with fried onions and some type of mustard.  The bread:amazing.  Meat/fillings: amazing.  Price: amazing.  
Best part was that there was not a line to this place...and I know what you may be thinking...longest lines are at the best places.  BUT...this place is worth a venture if you're looking for a nice place to grab a bite on a busy Saturday afternoon (like we did).*insert obligatory "this place is the wurst!" joke*
Wursthaus is a cheaper alternative to Brauhaus Schmitz (and I don't really drink beer, so I rarely go there) and a better alternative to the nearby Brü on Chestnut, but is it essential to a visit to Reading Terminal? No, they're probably not even on the radar of the New Yorkers who come to tell us how much better their food is, like DiNic's and the Amish. 
I come here when I get tired of Dinic's after having it every week for a month, or when I crave some good old German food. 
The specialty sandwiches are HUGE for just $8, like a foot long! You don't even need a side, which I'm dying to try since the sides at Brauhaus are amazing, but the sandwiches are so large, you don't even need them! The Bavarian (smoked sausage, Bavarian coleslaw, fried onions, and horseradish sauce) is a great choice, but I found myself disappointed in the amount of meat on the Leberkäse sandwich (German onion meatloaf, grilled onions, and spicy horseradish mustard). 
P.S. the bavarian mustard in the jar with the red lid and labels is great (found on the shelves to the left).As a restaurant, what I tried was very good, and pretty authentic. As a shop, the prices were absurd, but authentic German food is expensive.  The mustard that we get in Germany in a huge tube for about 1 Euro, is available in a tiny tube for $6. But if you are desperate for a taste of home, they have it.  The deli meats are fantastic. Again, very overpriced, but the flavors are spot on. The Bavarian salami was $20/lb, but it tastes exactly like the stuff my MIL gets. Delicious. Expensive, but worth it if you crave REAL German flavors. 
They are connected with the German restaurant on Society Hill, which we will try next time we are in Philly.After enjoying a meal at Brauhaus Schmitz, I was THRILLED when I found out that they were opening Wursthaus Schmitz in RT. The thought of being able to swing by there and pick up any number of their housemade brats and wursts made the little German in me jump on top of a table and dance with glee, as if I had a bottomless pint of beer at Oktoberfest!
The staff were great when we first visited, describing the various types of sausages they had and being super patient as I contemplated which ones to try first. At this point, we've tried the grand majority of their available wursts and brats and boy are they tasty! Especially with a side of their homemade sauerkraut, available in the side deli counter along with a number of other appropriate side dishes. I think that the prices are quite reasonable considering that they are the only ones I know of in CC where I can easily get these types of specialty sausages. I may not be able to cook them as well as the chefs at Brauhaus, but I can get pretty darn close thanks to Wursthaus!I love your products, Wursthaus Schmitz, but your staff not so much. I dropped by this morning to pick up some sausages, salads and some sandwiches for myself and a friend. The guy working there was on his cell phone. He looked at me as I stood at the counter, didn't say a word, then ducked behind a column so I couldn't see him! After waiting about 10 minutes, I just left.AWESOME! Finally got a chance to get down to RTM to try Wursthaus Schmitz and loved it. Had the "Bavarian" which was a grilled smoked sausage with horseradish sauce, coleslaw and crispy fried onions on a 12-13 inch crispy crusted long roll. Also had the German potato salad which was decent but kind of swimming in oil, use a little less dressing and it would be perfect. The shelves of German specialities like sodas, chocolates and condiments is a nice touch and I grabbed a classic German Mezzo Mix (orange flavored cola) to wash my sandwich down. Now, if they could only do Doner Kebabs (German/Turkish kind of Gyro sandwich) there! Chef Nolan, you reading this??I enjoyed the currywurst here! The potato pancake side was pretty great too, but it would be nice to come with more applesauce. Look forward to coming back here!Had the Bavarian here a few weekends back and it was stupid good.  Huge, sloppy mess of a sandwich in all the right ways.  A big ol' tube of delicious meat with a nice spicy horseradish sauce to provide some lube and some crunchy onions piled on for good measure.  Grab some napkins.
Minus a star for the fryer being down the day I stopped by, so my girlfriend couldn't get a schnitzel and had to watch me make mouth love to the Bavarian alone.
Also, despite this being a busy Saturday the line was very short, or nonexistant.  Compared to adjacent venues this could be a huge plus.Excellent German food, Wursthaus Schmitz offers something different and delicious in Reading Terminal Market.
My German/Polish heritage won't allow me to give this place any less than 5 stars. And they really do earn it if you're a fan of this kind of food. We ordered the Bratwurst ($8) and a side of Sauerkraut ($4). The bratwurst is gratuitous and flavorful  and a heaping mound of sauerkraut (seriously consider splitting any dishes with another person). For the amount of food the prices are extremely reasonable, and odds are there won't be too long of a line with all the other food stands in Reading Terminal Market. Definitely worth a stop if you're craving something heavy, succulent, and very German.I got a potato pancake here the other day and it was good! Not as crispy as I'd like it but for the price you definitely get a lot of potato pancakes.Hungarian sausage sandwich with fries. SO GOOD.
Goulash on the bottom? Caramelized green bell peppers? Spicy smoky sausage? Perfecto. Loved it. Wanted more. But was full. Generous portions, expect a lunch coma. Not recommended if you to have a productive afternoon, hate delicious things, or are a vegetarian. Everyone else, gorge on.
Will return, mainly to buy sausages I think.This place is a smaller entity of Brauhaus Schmitz which is located on South Street. Always good eats. Then schnitzel blt/ sandwich is delicious. I love that you can get cucumber salad and potato pancakes on the fly!When I heard that Brahaus Schmitz, that bastion of German comfort fare on South Street, was opening up an outpost in Reading Terminal Market, I was excited! So I moseyed on over to the back center of RTM, and drooled at the offerings at Wursthaus Schmitz.
In addition to sandwiches, various meats and sides were offered for sale by weight.
On a Saturday at 1PM, there was not much of a line - I don't know if people are simply still clueless, but I'm sure that soon enough, there will be a line similar to Dinic's!
They've got someone manning the grill, churning out delicious sausages with snap and spice.
And in case you need condiments, they've got plenty, including curry ketchup and Bavarian sweet mustard!
For my first visit, I ordered two rolls, and attempted to order potato pancakes, but unfortunately, the fryer was down so I couldn't get my buds to taste this particular side. But that's OK, because the sausage rolls are immense!
The Bavarian ($8)
Smoked bauernwurst, bavarian cole slaw, horseradish sauce, fried onions 
The Bavarian had copious amounts of crunchy fried onions that were not the least bit greasy. They offered some great texture to the bauernwurst, which had really nice spice. The sausage itself had nice snap and the horseradish provided a nice pungent kick in my mouth. The creamy cole slaw brought everything together, while the roll stood up well to the entirety of this particular sandwich.
The Hungarian ($8)
Smoked Hungarian bratwurst, beef goulash, roasted hot Hungarian peppers
The Hungarian had a beef goulash topping it - deep and savory, which is a smoky spiciness that lingered. In fact, I could have easily eaten a sandwich from the goulash alone.  The bratwurst itself was saltier than the bauernwurst, but just as flavorful. This was a heavier sandwich with a deep spice that lingers, underscored by the vinegary hot pepper.
An added bonus is that Wursthaus Schmitz offer payment through Level Up - a great way to accumulate free credit to be applied to current and future meals.
Overall, Wursthaus definitely gets the job done by offering delicious, snappy sausages paired with the perfect accoutrements to blend into phenomenal sandwiches. I'm hoping to try the potato pancakes and the Schmitz, which I believe Wursthaus is waiting on the perfect pretzel roll before offering. In the meantime, there are a slew of other offerings you should try!The display is certainly mouthwatering, but the food quality was a little disappointing.  There are better options at Reading Terminal Market.This was not something I would try again my        
Meat was over cooked and pounded too thin ; water room temperature and service was just ok. 
Sorry because I love great German meats w bergdorffs in Chicago ( now gone) a best memory 40 yrs ago.Everything was ok. Nothin bad but nothing to say wow. I had the goulash and the Bavarian.We spent the Thanksgiving weekend in Philadelphia from New York with our family. Our visit list was to include a visit to the Reading Terminal Market.  
As we browsed the numerous Terminal eateries, we discovered Wursthaus Schmitz. We ordered the Bavarian Sausage (beef and pork blend) sandwich with German slaw.  My wife ordered the Bratwurst sandwich with sauerkraut.  The sandwich is served on a delicious 12" hoagie roll. Both sandwiches were excellent.  In addition to the sandwiches, we ordered a side order of German potato pancakes.  These were the best we have ever eaten - thick, tasty and cooked to perfection.  
Service was relatively quick - I guess you can't expect the most pleasant customer service in a busy market place.  The food certainly compensated for the lack of congeniality.
However, I would recommend Wursthaus for good German food.  Will definitely recommend this eatery and will re-visit this food stand when in Philly again.We got the curry bratwurst and chicken schnitzel platters. The curry bratwurst was unique - they made their own ketchup that had spices mixed in. I was not impressed by my chicken schnitzel. Granted I've had German food before from Helen, GA (a German town) so I had high expectations for this schnitzel. The schnitzel was rather dry and bland even after squeezing the lemon that they gave me on there. I ended up mixing some ketchup and hot sauce and using that to add some flavor.Went to Reading Terminal to meet a friend for lunch. Given that it was only my second time to this awesome place, I let him choose where we were gonna eat since he lived in the Philly area for four years. 
My friend knows that I LOVE da schnitzel because I grew up eating this stuff at shabbat with his family on Friday nights. Meat that's been pounded, breaded, and fried; what to not to love? Put that shit in a sandwich with bacon, lettuce, and tomato and you have one bad ass sandwich.  
Now, this is no ordinary sandwich.  The chicken is expertly fried, the bacon is thick and crispy, and the hoagie is quality. Put some of that magic curry ketchup on this bitch, it's a match made in heaven.