They literally tried to pocket money at the bar for drinks and lied to the patrons about the price of drinks. Terrible place and a huge scam!Horrible. Lied to patrons about drink costs so that bartenders could pocket the money. When a patron confronted the bartender about it he threatened to fight the patron.You would think that this restaurant would be an underrated Szechuan place because it's located right across from possibly the best Szechuan restaurant in Philly, Han Dynasty. However there are many factors as to why Xi'an remains small and unpopular. The food was, at most, average. It was barely flavored and not spicy at all(something Szechuan cuisine is known for.) Honestly the lack of originality and flavor in the food could easily just make Xi'-an another fast take-out Chinese place instead of an Olde City restaurant. This being said, it was especially annoying that the food was so expensive for smaller portions then what its rival across the street offers. 
The restaurant itself was small and the service was average.The food here was good and I'm sure that if we just stopped by for food and drinks I would not have had any problems. But what we stopped by for was karaoke. When we asked how much it was we were told $15/hour. We got up into the room and it was nice and clean. The song list however didn't have very many artists that we knew and the system wasn't that easy to use. We stayed for two hours though and when we got our bill we saw we were charged $100 for karaoke on top of our food and drinks. After talking to someone who I think was the manager he took 20% off our bill and I explained that that was still no where close to the price we were told at the entrance. He then proceeded to show me other people's bills from that night where he had taken the same 20% off because the argued it was too much too. We weren't the only ones who were told the incorrect price then charged for much more! The waitress was nice but the host at the front door blatantly lied us and then the manager took us for our money. I suppose this is why the establishment was pretty empty when we got there on a Saturday night. I won't be going back here again and if you're going to karaoke beware.I have never been so disappointed in karaoke in my entire life, and I personally love mixing friends, alcohol, and public singing.  In addition to lying to us about their alcohol pricing when we booked a week in advance for more than 50 people, the bartender tried to short-change everyone in my party when we bought drinks.  When one of us confronted him, he then tried to fight, which is an odd approach to customer service in my opinion.  There are plenty of karaoke options in Philadelphia, and I highly recommend exploring those before going to Xi'An Cuisine.Stopped on with some friends, nice resturant, I ordered the Seafood Soup  and a Spring Roll ,  was okay.This is a great establishment especially for karaoke! We were accommodated very well for just under 12 people. We were about 20 mins late, but I guess it worked in our favor because they took us to the 2nd floor and we had pretty much the entire floor with lots of room to sing, eat and dance. Any and every time we needed to more drinks the host was right there to take our order. At one point a waiter literally ran to give us a 6 pack of beer. They were way too nice, the food was great and it seemed like everyone in our party was having a blast. We ended up being there for 3 hours. We will definitely be going back!Let me preface this review by admitting my tolerance for spicy food is low. Even though my grandmother hails from Sichuan and most of my family can't eat a meal without a side of spicy red pepper. With that said, I'm very familiar with the mala flavor (numbing-spicy) and know it when it's authentic.
My friend and I dined here on a Sat afternoon after choosing not to go to Han Dynasty across the street because my friend was specifically craving for spicy food. Although Han Dynasty has some spicy dishes, they are not Sichuan - Han Dynasty's flavor is more Taiwanese. Unfortunately, the Old City location is more Americanized now but I'll take that to their page... Anyway, please don't compare these 2 restaurants, their Sichuan offerings are NOT the same!
It was my friend's turn to order on this outing so we had: Chinese chive pie, bean jelly with Sichuan sauce, spicy beef noodle soup and crispy spicy cucumbers. I've never had the Chinese chive pie and have never seen it on any menu. It's basically a flattened bread stuffed with little bit of chives, some vermicelli noodles and a little bit of eggs. Apparently, it's a regional snack and even though I'm not a fan of chives, this thing was delicious! 
In case you're wondering what the heck is "bean jelly," it's a clear, wide noodle - you'll want to use a fork and spoon. 
Anyway, don't hesitate to ask for help, they're very friendly and happy to make recommendations if you want to try authentic Xi'an dishes. They were also able to dial down the spiciness on the dishes we ordered but I somewhat regret they had to do it. I think the spicy beef noodle soup probably would've been spectacular if I could've tolerate it!
I hope this location do well; it's such as nice option in this area!! I can't wait to go back.Wow, spicy sour pork noodles... I think I have a new favorite dish. Spicy, sour, flavor, fresh noodles... Who could ask for more?
Can't wait to go back and try some other specialties. 
Informative bar manager/server, sounds like many exciting things to come and some where I'll spend many an evening. 
FYI, floor one bar and casual small tables, floor two more formal dining, floor three is/will be private karaoke.The interior of the place was very nice, service was good, food was excellent. The prices were very reasonable given the portion size of the dishes. What's not to like? They offer karaoke, which I did not take part in as I was just there on lunch, but I would definitely go one time to sing a song or two with friends.This place was average, I came here a while back with my best friend because my boyfriend worked here and I wanted to stalk him. So my friend and I ended up trying the food. We ordered spicy beef noodle soup and it was okay. The food wasn't amazingly great but it was good enough. I'd recommend this place if you were going with a large group of elders because the dishes were like home style foods.This location is closed. There are other two location of Xi'an Sizzling Woks.#1(China Town) 902 Arch ST PHILA PA 19107;    
#2(University CITY) 4000 CHESTNUT ST PHILA 19104.Think again. Their management is ridiculous and will charge you tip on the full room charge AND food/beverage. Beware - horrible management! Also, their song selection is pretty horrible!If your searching for authentic Chinese food  in old city, and also looking for great signature cocktails, this is your spot! Great service and good times. Singing on the first floor after 10pm too! My partner and I had a great time here; highly recommend!The Sichuan food in this place is really authentic and delicious. I would recommend my friends to try this place not only because of its food but also for its comfortable atmosphere.I am so amazed!!! Even better than most of the Xi'an restaurants in China! I am serious! Highly recommend Chinese hamburger and Liang pi .The bar war kinda nice, but dead. 
Nice place if you like American food.
No thanks for the claimed Xi'An flavor. 
The lamb was bearably flavored. Still "rock solid" oops
Liang pi ... could have been sold in an Italian place. Not Chinese. 
What they call Chinese burger was a total failure. Wrong spices and the meat may have traveled a little too far. 
May be its still good for Philly, but would not survive further north on I-95.This place is a scam! We should have listened to reviews people had left before. We had so much fun here, until the end of the night when they gave us the bill and it was DOUBLE what we were told it would be. They tried to overcharge us and make us pay more than $100 in gratuity. There was another party downstairs at the same time facing the SAME EXACT issue. They will try to overcharge you and not give you the price you were quoted. We made them re-do the whole bill, and they only did this because other customers were threatening to call the police. We did not want to swipe our cards at this place, since others claimed they had their card information stolen after going here -- we gave our cash and got out of there.
I truly don't understand why this place is still in business. I beg of you to read the reviews and steer clear of this place. Awful management. A great night of karaoke really turned sour. I can confidently say we will NEVER be returning.We went for karaoke and it's a little pricey. But on top of being pricey they do not inform you that they will charge a $10 of "gratitude". We did not eat, drink and a person only came in once to check on us so there was no need to have to charge $10 of "gratitude" when they did not do anything. Would never go here and wouldn't recommend it.I came in for a reservation for a party of about 8.  We were seated upstairs.  The food came out cold and the service was awful.  There was a terrible selection of pop songs for karaoke.  Honestly the atmosphere is the only thing that even deserved mentioning.  Better to not waste your money and just go to National Mechanics.The inside smelled like someone skipped the restroom and just used the floor, and then they tried to mop the floor with a swiffer.Last week I rent their private Karaoke room for a party of 10. Enjoy the party so much! I love the food, the drink and the staff was very friendly. This small place has multiple functions inside. They have bar at first floor, dining area and full kitchen at second floor, and several private karaoke rooms and Foosball table on the third floor. I would love to back for their food as well as having party here.Food was awesome. Service was amazing I think the bartender was the was the nicest, most genuine server I've ever had at a restaurant. Would highly recommend.We went for karaoke and it's a little pricey. But on top of being pricey they do not inform you that they will charge a $10 of "gratitude". We did not eat, drink and a person only came in once to check on us so there was no need to have to charge $10 of "gratitude" when they did not do anything. Would never go here and wouldn't recommend it.love Liang Pi！very good taste！next time want to try lamp or beef noodles. Not too many people. Good service.We decided to try this place on the second day they were open. We tried all the recommendations from our waiter: Sauteed Spicy Chicken & Noodle, and the Chinese Hamburger. The sauce for the noodles saved it, the chicken was a mystery (me and my boyfriend were sure we ate a pigeon of some sort). The chinese hamburger was good, nothing special about either dish nor was it spicy enough. I don't think I'll be going back to this location, I might check out the original Xian Sizzling Woks on Arch to spot the differences.Tried the 4 chicken wing special.  They gave you 2 legs n 2 wings. Basically 2 chicken wings and chopped in half n said its 4 wings. The ambience is beautiful and peaceful but the chikcken wings were not tasteful. The service was great. But I will not return.I recently tried Xi'an Famous Foods in NYC and wanted to have something similar in Philly. I looked this place up and gave it a go. Xi'an cuisine is different than your typical Szechuan as there is lots of lamb and beef and less pork options. I would stick with the meat and rice dishes, as the soup was too watery and diluted. Try the Biang Biang noodles.DO NOT GO HERE.
We ignored the other reviews, but this place is a complete scam.  They will lie and tell you one price and then double charge your for gratuity!  Also, when you reserve a room they will write your credit card information down on a slip of paper to "hold" the room for you.  Then, a few weeks after your visit, start to make charges on your credit card.  Please, do not go here, there are plenty of legitimate places to go in the city.  This place needs to be closed down.  It's a real shame because the rooms and karaoke equipment are good, but the illegal activity is down right scary.  After we noted that others had fraudulent charges on their credit cards we've reported this restaurant both to our credit card company and the Philadelphia Police.  Terrifying.Excellent service, delicious food :) I like my bubble tea on the stronger side and they were more than happy to accommodateXian sizzling woks in Chinatown is one of my favorite Chinatown restaurants! Authentic Xian taste I can't get enough of. I live near Old City and have tried Xian Restaurant - which is related to my favorite restaurant and I'm DISAPPOINTED. The food at this outlet is watered down sweet versions of the wonderfully spicy and salty dishes in Chinatown. I've even ordered the exact dishes I've had at the Chinatown location and it's not the same at all. The server (young guy) is also rude and slow. Go to Han Dynasty across the road!Early lunch here while on a work trip. Can not complain.  Dan Dan noodles are large enough to be a lunch.  Got pig ears and pickled vegetables and an extra bowl of rice to temper the chili sauce from the two dishes.This place was great. I am no expert of Chinese food, but I was surprised by taste with every bite. 
Ingredients seemed carefully chosen, carefully prepared and arranged. It tasted fresh and unique, layered. 
The restaurant was super clean, and once inside past the neon signs outside very stylish.
They were very friendly to me and seemed genuinely involved with the food.
It's a pity I am not closer, I would come back many times over. Especially considering that a meal so delicious and so big that I couldn't finish it cost only ~8 a course. Thanks guys... Hope u read thisFood is very good if you are a fan of non-americanized chinese food. Mildly spicy and sour and plenty of interesting items. Decor is good and pretty clean too. Beware of the sneaky waiter who added a 20% tip without telling us (family of four on a weekday lunch). We let it go because it was not a big deal but he may not be get away with it next time!This is the best Xian noodles I've ever had in the country. The soup is a good balance of spicy and sour. The Leek Dumplings are also amazing, although a little unorthodox in that they are deep fried. Definitely recommend this place.I've heard of their name thousand of times because of their Chinese hamburger and noodles, and today I finally had the Chinese hamburger and sautéed chicken with noodles. They were all amazing! 
Though the Chinese hamburger is not a real hamburger, the meat inside is juicy and tasty. Love it! The noodles in the sautéed chicken are chewy and the sauce is extremely delicious. 
I can't wait to try other dishes like Liang Pi and Biang Biang noodles next time.Terrible Experience.
Booked here since we could not get in to Hang Dynasty across the street.
Went out on a saturday night for dinner.
The place was pretty much dead.
Service was horrible.
when we asked for a drink menu , she gave us ! drink menu for the  8 of us.
Waited 45 min for drinks and took another 15 min for 3 missing drinks.
We had to take dishes from the next table, since the waitress could not be bothered to bring new ones after the starters.
Had 4 of the 6 main dishes by it self since the waitress did not bring out rice in-spite of asking her numerous times.
Food subpar at best.Everything I've tried so far has been very tasty. Prices are great. Same for service. Today was my fourth visit (the first three were actually to the 9th st one and today was my first time to the 2nd st one.) I will definitely be going back. I've also recommended it to my colleagues who have loved it.Disappointing. Went for a birthday celebration and left before receiving all of our food. Waitress was in the weeds before the night even started and management didn't offer help. 2 large groups. 1 new waitress. Food was underwhelming. Service terrible. Management absent. Other table waited 1 hour for their bill. I'll be going back to Han Dynasty and recommend spice 28.Xi'an is the second installment from the popular Xi'an Sizzling Woks in Chinatown.  This one is conveniently located in the heart of Old City.  The food is the little-known awesome food from the Chinese province of Shaanxi.  Think Silk Road meets Pacific Rim cuisine. Think what I ate - Pita Bread Soaked in Lamb & Beef Soup!
But what is different here from the Chinatown branch?  Okay there are two main differences.  This Xi'an is super chic and coolly lit inside ... and then there's an attractive bar replete with terra cotta figurines which is extremely well stocked.  Hey Xi'an, welcome to Old City!If you're looking for a more casual setting for chinese food in olde city, this is the better option than Han Dynasty. (go to Han Dynasty if you want a nicer, more unique environment). The food quality is great here, with so many food options and variety. The soup noodles are SO good, I definitely recommend it. 4 stars for me bc I prefer Han Dynasty's unique environment across the street but I would go here for a good quick meal without needed to go all the way to Chinatown.Visiting Philadelphia from Beijing with a colleague who is from Xi'an.  She was delighted by the menu and we truly enjoyed the traditional famous Xi'an dishes.  We sampled many items from the menu that are traditionally Chinese but did not sample from the American favorites (general tso's, etc).  We also enjoyed the Ma La Tang.  If you're looking for authentic flavors of Xi'an, this is a great place to do it:  great food, great service!Don't be fooled by previous reviews.
Both the service and food are awful.
The place is small and we were seated upstairs, which was emptyWe waited 3 HOURS for our food to come. Ridiculously horrible service. Would never go back or recommend.Think of Han Dynasty - then think of a MUCH better restaurant (yeah I said it, Han Dynasty is overrated as ). But enough about Han Dynasty.
Xi'an Cuisine is fantastic - the noodles are so delicious, made there everyday, the lamb skewers - are you kidding me? I haven't gotten lamb that tender and delicious since I raided an Amish farm during my senior prank. The drinks are also excellent, delicious, and refreshing. The duck was duck, which translates to perfection, because duck is perfect. By our fourth dish we were slowing down, so went with a lighter rice noodle for our beef lo mein, again, it was tasty and amazing. They know how to good food make.
I haven't done the karaoke yet, but I will. Lower Philly, be ware. They can bring you food/drinks to your karaoke room.
Finally, Sonya, the bartender and our server, was excellent. Friendly, professional, competent, everything the manager at Buffalo Billiards doesn't know and will never know how to be.
Go to this restaurant. Eat at this restaurant. Patronize this restaurant (but not in the listening to a younger sibling tell you their stories patronize).Food was excellent northern Chinese cuisine. Authentic. Not tourist fare. Can't speak of the karaoke aspect of the place. We got there 7pm on a Saturday night get and it was quiet. Worked for us.Some of the best Chinese food I've had in a very long time and extremely friendly service! Would definitely recommend if you're in the Philadelphia area.It's nice to have options, and there are two in Old City for Szechuan.  There is Xi'an and the rival, which is basically located across the street.  While I like food from both, I ordered from Xi'an tonight previous to getting out of work at 9:18pm.  Xi'an closes at 10pm, and being that I am a chef at a neighboring restaurant, I know that sometimes what workers might consider a last minute order will come in at any time before closing.  I was told that my food was to be picked up in twenty minutes (this would be 9:38pm).  After ending my shift, I headed over to Xi'an at 9:35pm, ran into an issue at a market near by, and then got three calls that came in at 9:47pm, 9:48pm, and 9:50pm from Xi'an.  I walked in while the last call was being made.  
I WAS a regular pick up patron here.  When you say that your restaurant closes at TEN, and a patron calls in advance to place an order, don't call them incessantly ten minutes before your restaurant closes.  If it were after 10pm I could see the severity.  
Bye, Xi'an.  I'll stick to Han Dynasty.Came here straight from the overly primped stratus bar at the hotel Monaco, where everyone was dressed for a party that never arrived. My order: the Biang biang noodles and the "Chinese hamburger." A meat and carb delight. When the bartender wasn't around, the hostess went behind the bar to make my drink, even though she clearly didn't know a thing about alcohol, she didn't mind my pointing things out. The bar felt like my living room, and I was right at home. I'd eat here over the stratosphere any day.I was here with my friend yesterday for dinner. The service was HORRIBLE. The server was very disrespectful to us; I've never had such an awful experience at all in any other restaurant, except this Xi'an. I would never recommend this restaurant and will never be back. It was a pretty chilly day; the server didn't even ask if we want anything warm / cozy to drink. So we requested hot water, that server seems to be irritated by our request and bought us hot waters without cups!! Excuses me, how are we supposed to drink it? I mean, if I know where the cups are, I really don't mind getting it myself, but that's not the attitude to treat customers.  Later on, when our food is up, we waited forever for our white rice that is supposed to come with the entrees. Finally, when they bring our white rice out, VERY DISAPPOINTED! It's definitely left overs and its overnight, the rice was hard and the color is not even white anymore. So we asked our server for an explanation of why they provide us with overnight rice, she stated, "that's how all restaurants are." Please, if you never been to other restaurants, don't said that. Even if they might do serve overnight rice, it's not the explanation that customers wanted. We also ordered a beef noodle soup, yet. They serve it without a spoon. Again, do you expect us to drink it from the bowl? It's not that we are being annoying, if you serve us right, we won't be requesting this and that. Seriously, if I know where the utensils are, I will go get it myself. This place is not even a dinning place, maybe a fast food restaurant with some disrespectful server that lacks manner. We haven't left the restaurant yet and we can hear that server in the kitchen being a BIATCH and talks about us behind our backs out loud. We also request to see the manager and she was like the manager is not there, if we have any problem we can talk to her. WTF? I mean, if you can't serve right, don't be a server then, I waited table before and this service is absolutely unacceptable.Great environment, love the karaoke bar upstairs. Tad original Chinese food with great consistency. Will visit again.Surprise Surprise! Good northern Chinese!
Saw mediocre reviews but really wanted some northern Chinese, went there with low expectation which became even lower when welcomed by two waiters with strong southern Chinese accent!
What a surprise it turned out food were pretty authentic will definitely recommend to whoever wants some northwestern Chinese in this areaTerrible experience- the worst service ever experienced in 20 years of living in Philly. There was only one other table besides ours, which was a bad sign for a Saturday night. The waitress was so slow, then rude on top of it all. Half the food and drinks never arrived. And what did come was underwhelming at best. Don't go there.Outstanding, outstanding, outstanding.  We tried three of the signature items: spicy sour minced pork noodles, Xi'an liang pi noodles, and smoked tea duck.
The soup was incredible. Thick with chili oil and very rich stock, minced vegetables and baby bok choi.  A star.  Spicy, but not painfully so.  Do this, especially on a 20 degree winter day like we did.
Xi'an liang pi is a cold dish.  Wide, thick, chewy noodles and big slices of tofu, dressed in a sauce where I could taste sesame and chile oil, among other things. Garnished with little matchsticks of apple.  Loved it.  Also moderately spicy.
The duck was cooked and presented perfectly.  One non-spicy dish to balance the heat of the others.  Not really as fun as Peking duck, but nothing here to criticize.
Server was very friendly, the vibe was funky, and the cocktail list was creative (although we stuck with beer).It's alright, gets crowded fast because of the tight space, interesting drinks. staff is kind of lost most of the time thoughFood was good, I had the west lake soup and cumin beef burger. Service was ok as I was the only customer in the restaurant (though it was 5pm, happy hour!) and just had to call the waitress from across the restaurant. The ambience was meh, again, I was the only customer in there! 
I liked the food and will probably return to Xi'an, though I was disappointed they did not accept my valid Spotluck coupon!Located in the Olde City across from Han Dynasty, Xi'an Cuisine is a new restaurant that also offers Sichuan cuisine. When you walk in, don't be mistaken that this place is only a smoky bar; the actual restaurant is on the second floor. I walked in Xi'an because Han Dynasty was full, so while I cannot compare the two Sichuan restaurants, I can say that Xi'an Cuisine offers a solid Sichuan cuisine dining experience.
Let's talk about the restaurant atmosphere first: Clean and brightly-lit setting in modern, Oriental-inspired decor. It was certainly almost heaven and hell difference compared to its bar section downstairs. Check, good clean environment!
How about the food? Xi'an won me over with its red oil dumpling appetizer, a classic in the Sichuan cuisine. Years living in Houston, I have not found a Sichuan restaurant there that has satisfying red oil dumplings, but ironically I found my ideal red oil dumpling in a Philly restaurant on accident! The dumpling skin was thin enough not to overwhelm the dumpling texture like most restaurants' do and thick enough to support the generous meat filling while latching some red oil on the exterior. The wonton dumpling was well made, but the true star was the hot red oil itself. The oil was spicy as expected, but the spiciness was not trying to overwhelming the taste bud and instead adds another aroma to the food. 
BEST red oil dumpling I have ever had!
The two entrees I have were the salted pan fried pork and mixed vegetables (Buddha's delight). The pork was unfortunately nothing out of ordinary, but the vegetables was a flavorful surprise! I usually avoid ordering the mixed vegetable dish in a Chinese restaurant because it tends to be bland, but my vegetarian mom insisted on ordering it in Xi'an. I'm a little kid who hates eating his vegetables, but Xi'an's vegetable dish was so well-done that it was my favorite entree between the two!
Admittedly the price is a bit high, although I cannot say for sure if this is a Philly standard pricing. Nonetheless, Xi'an Cuisine is a great choice if you are looking for a solid Sichuan experience!
---
tl;dr version
1. Solid Sichuan cuisine restaurant in Olde City
2. BEST red oil dumpling ever!One small (but important) tip: 
If Han Dynasty is packed (it invariably is,) then just cross the street to Xi'an. 
- If you have hankering for traditional spicy and light Chinese food, try Xi'an Liang Pi, and your craving will be satisfied. Yes, it's listed under appetizers but the portion is not tiny.  
- Even Chinese cuisine has its own version of burger. Loose ground beef (not in a patty form,) mixed with cumin, onion and green peppers, stuffed into flattered pita-like bun. Because I love burgers, I had to try this version. It was very dry and not as interesting as I thought it may be. 
- Chinese Chives Pie: Meh.
Let me repeat it one more time: If your favorite Chinese spot in old city was packed, come here. You will not be disappointed. 
Three Yelps.What a disappointment, after the efficient service and wonderful food of Xi'an Sizzling Woks. A birthday celebration was ruined with mediocre food and an almost absence of service, which, when it came, was reluctant and rude. We left without getting our second round of drinks and the rest of our food order. This second offering in the Xi'an family needs to work a lot harder to ensure it survives the competitive Philadelphia food arena.Delicious food! Great service! Love the wonton with chili oil and Chinese hamburger! Will definitely come back!Xi'an is simply awesome.  As close to traditional cuisine as I've had outside of China.  Liang Pi (cold, spicy, vinegar noodles) an absolute favorite, and Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles right behind.  The Wonton Soup won over my 9 year old, and a plan rendition of Biang Biang took care of the 6 year old.  We sat at the downstairs bar, and were cared for by one of the best servers ever had - knowledgeable, engaging.  The entire package is fabulous.Ordered food and had it delivered over 2 hours later.  The food was not even good, lowest quality Chinese food I've had in years, avoid this place at all costs.Let's start first with the good.  Good solid food, decent prices, friendly staff, and okay (if somewhat inconsistent) karaoke song choices.  Extra props for having real videos for a lot of the music.  Xi'an Cuisine, I really wanted to like you!!!
However, the management really needs to shape up, in terms of making sure that what they advertise is what they deliver.  
When we went and booked the room for a Saturday night party, we were told that the room charge was 50 dollars per hour and that whatever money you spend on the room, you get that much credit for food.  As this is pretty typical for Chinese karaoke places, we were like, this is great (but not that surprising).  
At the end of the night, when we were settling up the bill, we saw to our surprise that the food and drink we ordered was put in as a separate charge, essentially doubling what we were expecting to pay total.  We had carefully considered how much we were ordering to make sure it was roughly equivalent to the room price (100 bucks for 2 hours). When we confronted the management, they said, "Was it the old Chinese lady who told you that?  Sorry, her English isn't very good and that's wrong.  That's only during the weekdays, M-Th."  When we tried to protest, they were very apologetic (actually very pleasant and nice) but did not do anything at all to reduce the bill, give us credit, or anything.  C'mon guys!  I'm willing to give you a bit of slack for staff that doesn't speak English well, but you need to take some responsibility!  You obviously know that this is an issue, do not do anything about it, and then also refuse to offer some sort of compensation for what is your mistake?    That's totally unacceptable.  
So, long story short, could be a great place if the management was better and more ethical.   I guess this is a big issue, scanning some of the other reviews here (Robin C., Elliott S., etc.).  
If you do decide to come here, just be aware that THERE IS NO SPECIAL DEAL DURING THE WEEKEND..despite what some staff members may tell you.When a place is located to directly across the street from a similar business, its near impossible to review it without drumming up comparisons to the other spot. And in the case of Xi'an Cuisine its beyond difficult to write something about it without thinking of Han Dynasty's Old City location looming across the street.
We wouldn't have come here to begin with if Han Dynasty wasn't as crowded as it was on a First Friday evening.  But I was craving a similar spicy tinge with our libations, and seeing Dan Dan Noodles seemed too good to be true (and odd). In the end I even got the double cooked style pork that I was thinking about, and while both were still tasty,  it just wasn't delivered with the same panache. In fact the same could be said overall in terms of ambiance, service, cocktails, and the lack of a draft beer menu.
The one thing that Xi'an does have over Han Dynasty is the downstairs Karaoke lounge. With soooooo many Old City bars offering up karaoke on any given night, its a hard call as to what the better karaoke option is. But it is good to have a spot in the area that's a permanent fixture for it, especially if you're looking to do it in private rooms instead of out in the open.Why doesn't Yelp allow to give some businesses no stars at all?! Why? 
Last Saturday, my friends and I walked spontaneously to have a good night out. We thought just a few drinks and some singing was gonna do the work. As we walked in, we were greeted by a few people at the bar. Place was really quiet. We asked how much was a room for just an hour. We were told that it was going to be $50 but if we were to spend money on food and drinks, the room price wasn't going to be included. 
They took us upstairs. They had nice and spacious rooms. We sat down and we're ready to order. Within 5 minutes, a waitress walked in and asked us kindly to leave the room because another party had actually arrived a little late and they had a reservation. Fine. We understood. We sat downstairs for about 40 good minutes. We ordered a pitcher of 'mango splash' which honestly was freaking horrible. I only sipped twice. The waiter came by many times trying to be "very" friendly. He was filling the glasses as if we were in a 5 star restaurant. 
After 40 minutes they took us upstairs to the second floor open lounge. One of the girls ordered food and it came on time. As we're yawning (meaning super tired), my friend went downstairs to grab the bill. She comes back and says it's $150.00. All of us were in shock. It was double than what we expected. We go downstairs trying to clarify the miscommunication. One - the guy who told us about the price was NOT there. Two- two other parties of people were trying to clarify the same issue! Wow! 
We didn't want to swipe our cards. Thankfully one friend had cash and we left money for what we ordered and walked away. They had the nerves to chase us down. As we went back, a police vehicle was outside and we walked over. Some of the owners and now the bald head guy who once was friendly with us appeared. They were saying you are leaving without paying the full amount. Also the old lady GRABBED me and and another girl in front of the cops. There was nothing the cops could do as this is a civil matter. As I'm writing this review, I think why in the world didn't I check on the other ones. So many people have complained of the exact same issue. How's his place still in business?
You wanna do karaoke, you wanna eat Chinese or whatever - steer away from this place.