Beautiful, not annoyingly noisy sushi/ udon/soba restaurant. Service was very good and course pace was appropriate. Gyoza dumplings were very flavorful but (surprisingly) pretty greasy. Sushi for two is a very generous portion for $50. Highlights included 3 types of tuna, escolar and bronzino. A bit boring was the included California roll. Overall, a great addition to Manayunk, and a welcome huge improvement over the aging and gloomy  Hikaru.The sushi is good - very fresh and I love how they flavor their rice. Downside - the speciality rolls are crazy expensive and are average at best. Better sushi restaurants in the city have cheaper specialty rolls.
The regular rolls are tastier in my opinion and worth the money.
Service was below average - we felt rushed at the end even though it was 15 minutes before closing.
Biggest upside of this place was that they served Chabaa Thai. However, they shrunk that menu over the last couple of weeks to barely serve a few Chabaa dishes. I mean how do you remove red curry from Chabaa's menu?!
All in all its a solid 3 stars. No more and no less.I've been to Yanako many times. It's definitely my girlfriend and I's go to sushi place in the Manayunk/ Roxborough area. The inside has a very modern and attractive look to it. It gives the diner the perception that what they will be receiving may in fact be elevated Japanese and Thai cuisine.
I don't usually get the sushi, but I have often tasted it. My girlfriend typically gets the Eel roll and the spicy salmon roll. Both have always been very clean and fresh tasting. I typically order off of the Chabaa menu. I've got the Pad Krapao  with beef several times now. I love the flavors of the thai chiles and basil and I have began trying to replicate the dish at home.
My favorite thing about Yanako is actually something rather odd. I love the way they cook their rice here. I've never had rice cooked the way it is cooked at Yanako. Maybe I've never had perfectly cooked rice before or maybe they do something different to it. Either way my favorite part of my meal is usually loading some rice into my broth or sauce and just eating that. It's divine. Also, as far as Apps go, the crispy spring rolls on the Chabaa menu are awesome. The Thai sweet chili sauce that accompanies it just makes it that much better.
So anyways, this place is a BYOB which makes the dining experience here more affordable by a mile. I have no idea what I am going to do when Chabaa separates from Yanako, because I love being able to order off both menus.
Conclusion: Great place, you should go there.Hands Down the best sushi place around!  Chef Eddie and other sushi chefs make the experience even more spectacular. My favorites are the Younger Sister Roll, Seven Seas Roll, Maguru Su Miso, the Oysters, Uni, Live Scallop, Eel Avocado Roll, Escolar...You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.Very very overpriced for the quality of what you get. My teriyaki chicken was undercooked and tough. I didn't even finish it. The sushi fell apart and was only average at best.I love this sushi restaurant! They sushi chefs are very pleasant and always so friendly. The fish is fresh and always delicious. I come here often for lunch and always feel very satisfied with my meal.Sushi is fantastic! This place is byob so that saves you a little on the alcohol, but they will charge you more for the sushi so it evens out. Also an order of nigiri (which comes with 2 pieces at most places) only comes with one piece FYI.Came here for restaurant week. They have great presentations for their food. I would give them 6 stars for that alone. 
Love the decor of the establishment. 
I must say there is nothing that I don't like about this place. That said it didn't really WOW me.
This is a solid choice if you are in the area. Parking can be a little difficult to find. Tip: don't park on main st. Try and find parking in the back near the church.The red curry was bomb! There was a little bit of a wait but the service was really good.Disclaimer - I only eat vegetarian sushi so my review might not be meaningful to most. The vegetarian sushi is delicious though. My fiancé has tried almost all of the specialty rolls on the menu and he has loved them all. The presentation of the food is beautiful. The waitstaff is always friendly and seem very knowledgeable. The Gyoza appetizer is fantastic. I love the decor - so peaceful and clean looking. Highly recommend if craving sushi in Manayunk.Yanako was pretty good. Not the best I've had in the area, but i'd say above average sushi. Pricey though, so bring your wallet! Service was good, attentive. The fact that it is a BYOB is a major plus! If you're in the area, Yanako is a good option, but for amazing sushi, go up the street to Chestnut Hill and visit Osaka.Wow, what a find in Manyunk. We were a little nervous at first because the place was deserted when we got there at 7 on a Friday night, but it became packed within the hour. The restaurant itself is beautiful (if a little cramped) and the customer service was great. Everyone from the host to the waitress to the other waiter I passed on my way to the bathroom was so nice. My kimono roll was a burst of
flavor with each bite. I regretted not ordering more sushi when I was done. My only gripe is that I asked for spicy sauce on the side when I ordered but my waitress didn't bring it until I had eaten all but two sushi pieces, then I was charged for it. Annoying but minor, and it certainly is not going to stop me from going back for the amazing sushi.So decided to give the trendy neighborhood of Manayunk a try. So went to meet up with an old friend with my wife and ended up choosing Yanako. Yanako is a Japanese restaurant which specializes in fine Japanese cuisine. So we ended up getting a 7:00pm reservation and the place was relatively busy for a Friday night but not too busy. We have a newborn and asked the host for a chair. The host was kind of spaced out (weed) so she wasn't much help giving us a high chair which was inadequate for a us, however our server was great by suggesting to put the high chair upside down where the legs of the high chair were wide enough so it could accommodate our baby's car seat securely. My wife and I were pretty hungry and ended up ordering the taco yaki appetizer which was ehhh... nothing really to gloat about or order in the future (frozen). We also ordered the Pork Katsu which was pretty delicious and crispy. We also ordered 2 speciality sushi rolls which were also very good. Anyhow m, overall we thought the place was good, very fresh and great server. However, we felt as though the place wasn't the best place for families, it's more of a "Date Night" place with a romantic atmosphere. Perhaps we will come again if we can get someone to sit for our daughter, we really liked the food and the area. Our friends also liked the place as well and seemed happy we chose this restaurant. So overall, although we felt as though it wasn't family-friendly, we thought the food and service was exceptional and therefore hope to come again in the near future when we are on Main Street. However, the parking is an absolute nightmare so plan your time accordingly and take into account the time it takes to find decent parking.Went here a few months ago and I thought it was delicious. It looked really cute when I walked in, I loved the decor. We were seated upstairs and were the only people around 6 on a Friday night. We brought a variety of beer and they were very accommodating of keeping them cold. The service was pretty friendly. I got the California roll miso soup and the soft shell roll. The soft shell was my favorite, both unique and tasty.
I would definitely go back but mostly for a special occasion.My friend and I were skeptical about trying this place given the mixed reviews, but figured we give it a chance. The menu has a lot of variety, but has a sushi menu that is smaller and less creative than others. We ordered the gyozo and four rolls - and yes, it was on the pricier side. The gyozo was tasty, but the rolls were a bit bland and the rice on the rolls was not sticky. The decor was nice and the seating was rather intimate. The service was slow and there seemed to be only one waitress for the entire first floor. Overall, this experience was lack luster and expensive. I definitely recommend heading into center city for better less-expensive sushi and a more enjoyable experience.So. Delicious.  I can't wait to go back!  We had a party of three and it did take 15 minutes or so to get a table, even though we called ahead. Just a heads up, they don't take reservations for parties of three, so you'd be better off going with an even numbered amount of people.  Despite the wait, the hosts were pleasant and welcoming, even checking up on us during the meal to see if it was to our satisfaction, and they did graciously apologize for the wait.  Our meal and the service was so good that it made up for having to wait.  We ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, sushi, pad thai, and a crab dish, as well as desert- a dry chocolate cake and green tea ice cream.  I definitely would recommend.  Parking took a bit of looking, but we finally found a spot two blocks away.This restaurant is beautiful and the sushi was delicious. My one complaint was the service. My party of 2 went around 8PM on a weeknight last week. We waited for more than half an hour for our rolls to be created, even though there were only 4 other (small) parties in the restaurant at the time. Our waiter was very nice, but we had to wait an additional 15 minutes or so before he came around to bring the check.Very good and fresh sushi. Nice atmosphere and the service is sufficient. BYOB is a nice addition and the special rolls are worth the extra dollarsWalking by one day on Main St. Manayunk and I saw this place. I've heard good things about this restaurant so I decided to try it out. 
This place is gorgeous. 
I had the Sushi and Sashimi for 2. My lady never really had it, but she was all for it when the plate appeared right in front of us. It was a chef's choice and it was a great decision.
Though a little pricey, the quality and care is there. 
If you enjoy japanese fare, go to this place because its very hard to find good a good sushi place around philly!Came here on a Saturday night for a dinner date. I love BYO sushi places, so I was in my happy place right away. We ordered miso soup, the Manayunk special roll, California roll, and Spicy Tuna roll. All of the food was fresh and delicious! The rolls were a bit on the expensive side. I've definitely been to plenty of BYO sushi restaurants where the special rolls were not $17 a piece. I would still recommend coming here, just be prepared to drop a good amount of money!The hostess was busy on her phone before greeting us as we awkwardly stood, half in, half out the restaurant. When she was attentive, she was extremely accommodating. I'm under the impression that this place is normally packed for dinner, but we luckily swooped in while the tables were being turned and managed to snag a table for three - my sister, my mom, and me.
We ordered a plain veggie udon, green curry, jumbo lump crab fried rice, and a sushi roll (I don't remember which one). While the sushi was excellent - the fish itself was very cold and lacked any 'fishy' flavor - everything else to me was just okay. I think if you prefer your food to be a bit on the sweeter side, you would thoroughly enjoy this place. My mom had to doctor up the udon with a bit of wasabi and soy sauce to make the udon more savory. I think green curry is typically sweet, so I didn't mind and thoroughly enjoyed it. The fried rice was great - you could see tons of pieces of crab, and I thought it was well worth the money for such an expensive fried rice dish.
The interior is beautiful, albeit a bit cramped (closer to a NYC restaurant in terms of how 'cozy' it is). In the front, there's a table that seems like it's a traditional Japanese dinner table, where you sit on the floor (which is elevated there), which looked really cool.
I don't know if I'd go out of my way to return, but it was a pleasant meal with pleasant servers. The food was a tad bit sweet for me to be excited about this place, though.Very good place for a cool atmosphere and good sushi. The service was excellent and there was a good amount of time between our appetizers and entrees. I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed in any of their sushi. Would recommend!I've only been once for lunch. We stopped in and there was no hostess in sight but eventually a woman who ended up being our waitress sat us. 
My bf got a chirashi and I ordered a bento box with chicken teriyaki. He liked his chirashi but the portion was quite small for the price. (Lots of veggies, not much fish) 
My bento box was odd. The flavor of the chicken teriyaki was a little different than I'm used to but still good. The bento box didn't come with any rice which I found odd and it was also a fairly small portion compared to Many other restaurants I've been to. 
Once we were seated service was attentive. I did notice a couple come in, wait, wait, and wait for someone to acknowledge them and seat them. Finally a young girl (maybe 12) showed up and began asking them if they would like a table and said the hostess would be out soon. They seemed confused and after she left and came back again she said I can seat you and they said they'd rather wait for a hostess. Finally they get seated and no waiter shows so they just left. It was awkward and strange and I'm not sure if the young girl was the child of someone working but the whole situation was weird. Why not just have someone available to seat people? 
Overall, the food was pricey but good, the decor is beautiful, the service seems to be hit or miss especially when it comes to getting seated in the first place.Excellent. Decent price, great atmosphere. Byob with great service and very accommodating to our large group!Not bad. Good sushi, good service. Great addition to Main street. Go here, walk main street afterwards.I got the green curry, pick up yesterday and it was perfect. It was still warm after my 20 min walk back to the office which was a relief since that is not always the case with take out. The green curry was creamy with crisp bell peppers and just the right amount of bamboo shoots. It was $15 with chicken (as a $2) add on which was a stretch for my lunch budget. It would be great if there was a lunch menu. Otherwise, amazing food and friendly service.Well, the food is ok but nothing special. We place is zoo. Typical manyunk 20 shouting to be heard constantly. Staff couldn't care less. We won't be back.Basic rolls were proportionally perfect! Huge fish of fish and small amount of rice which I think is key. Specialty rolls were sizable and good. Service was good. Not too expensiveI went here last night with a bunch of friends to celebrate a birthday. We had a GREAT experience. They were very gracious about accommodating our large party. We were shown to a smaller upstairs room with a long table and some other diners. The decor was beautiful and serene.
We were very well attended to the entire time. Our waiter went above and beyond by keeping our water glasses filled, making sure our wine was promptly opened and chilled, and making recommendations that were very helpful. He even went above and beyond by not only remembering one of our party's preferred order, but also by accommodating a special request with the preparation. 
My friend and I split a spicy tuna roll, a Philadelphia roll, and a "Manayunk" specialty roll. The Manayunk was EXCELLENT. Every other piece of sushi that I tried was also very good. Everything was fresh and carefully crafted. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
The staff was also very friendly about allowing us to stay late and linger over our wine, when I'm sure all they wanted was to close up and go home. Our waiter and the owner both personally thanked all of us as we left. 
I will definitely be returning!Ordered Yanako through GrubHub and it was delish.  We loved the sushi and the freshness of the salads and dumplings.  It isn't every day that we spend 90+ on take-out but every once it a while it is worth it to splurge.  We definitely enjoyed the consistency from what we experienced when we dined in the restaurant.  Would definitely recommend for dining in or taking out!!Very good quality sushi...oysters were great. BYOB a huge plusMy husband and I came to Yanako last night for the first time.  As newbies to the neighborhood we were looking for a good sushi spot and were so excited to try this place, ESPECIALLY because it is a BYOB.  We arrived shortly after 8pm.  There was a nice little crowd for a Monday night.  We ordered the Octopus dumplings, gyoza dumplings and a seaweed salad to start.  The server was great, hostess attentive and it was nice to see that there were a lot of take out orders going out the door as well.  The appetizers were delicious.  We got 4 sushi rolls and my oh my were we full, and we had to take some home.  The entire staff was helpful and make our first dining experience AMAZING.  We will definitely return and look forward to trying some new things on the menu next time!I am surprised to see all the positive reviews for this place. 
The service sucked... we sat at a family style table and servers kept hitting my chair and we were neglected for about half an hour without our meal and without seeing our server.
In addition to the poor service, the food was sub-par. I ordered a salmon roll, which was chewy and nothing impressive. In addition, I ordered the Sansai noodles, which I like to describe as an "old sock soup" taste.
I know my Japanese food and this place definitely does not make the cut. Save your money and time.50$ sushi and sashimi for two is a good deal and enough for a couple. U can substitute the rolls for ur own choice by paying for the difference in price.Having lived in many areas of the city, I've had the opportunity to slowly make my way through a list of sushi spots around Philadelphia. Yanako holds their own to the top sushi places in Philadelphia. The open ceilings around the sushi bar area is inviting yet intimate. The staff is friendly and accommodating. I've tried many offerings of both sushi and thai at Yanako. My favorite being the tofu or shrimp green curry and Manayunk roll. You will not be disappointed by any option made here.This was probably one of the best dining experiences I have in the area. Made reservations for NYE. We were greeted and sat with no wait. Thai food was also an option since chaaba is under renovations. It's a Byob so we enjoyed a bottle of wine. We got soup, satay, crazy noodles and the chefs special sushi and sashimi plate. It was amazing from the first bite all the way to the last. The server helped us decide what to order and the owner greeted us at the table to make sure everything was good. The sushi and sashimi was extremely fresh and beautifully prepared.  They went through in detail of each fish and how the chef recommended eating it. We loved our dinners so much we ordered a dessert too. It also was delicious. We loved the homemade ice cream. Will return in the near future!First off, the decor and design of this place is amazing.  Really beautiful.  The food matched the ambiance.  Everything we ordered was excellent.  Appetizer of Gyoza, tempura, and fried chicken strips.  All of which were great.  Yummy good sized avocado salad with ginger dressing.  Had a bunch of rolls for main course...the seven seas roll was my favorite.  Very fresh and well prepared.   O and don't forget, BYOB.  We will return!Excellent lunch special with quality sushi. For $15 I had my choice of miso soup or salad, 5 pieces of "chef's choice" sashimi, 1 California roll and a drink. In and out under 45 minutes. Outdoor seating was a little tricky but great spot.I visit the area often and this is one of our go to places. I am picky about sushi and this is one place that doesn't disappoint. We order several rolls to share along with appetizers and all have been delicious[Warning - may lose appetite over the details of the review, but I would avoid ordering any dish that contains mushrooms for a bit.]
It's never fun when you get a bug in your food. Especially when you have no idea what that bug is. And even more so when you're ordering from a venue that also serves raw food.
My company orders from Yanako (through Grubhub) once every two weeks for a big working dinner since last August. Up until yesterday, we had no major issues - the food is always prepped well and any issues are swiftly taken care of. We've ordered everything from salmon rolls to their tempura udon. Back when Chaaba Thai was part of the restaurant, their pad thai was great too.
We literally have a sushi place on the first floor of our building, but we still sometimes order from here because honestly this place serves quality food for a honest price. Nothing special, but quality ingredients.
In finding a bug - not a fruitfly or mosquito, but more of a centipede - tucked in my mushroom that was part of the chirashi I ordered today, I don't know if we will be ordering ever again.
I think the knee jerk reaction is to use ALL CAPS and give a one star to the restaurant, but after I notified Grubhub the issue, I was called within five minutes, and I had a conversation with Moon (the owner) of the restaurant in the next ten. After seeing and confirming the photo of the bug, she explained the entire process of how the mushroom is sourced and prepared and how bizarre this was. She sounded genuinely sorry and appalled at the incident herself, and she offered to comp me through Grubhub. She assured that the head chef would go through their supplier and figure out what happened.
Given all the good experience we've had with Yanako and the proper way the owner handled this, I'm happy to give this venue three stars.
I will keep this post updated based on what the owner/chef find out or reply back in regards to this.This place used to me much better. We got two rolls of sushi and the chicken teriyaki meal, both were average at best.Very tasty food, nice decor, BYOB, great service, good prices, and has a cozy feel.  Have dined here several times and will be back!I'm really picky about my sushi and had low expectations but we were pleasantly surprised. We found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here after seeing that Green Tea Creme Brulee was offered (one of our favorites). Our waiter recommended the amazing toro (fatty tuna) that easily made our meal! Portions were generous (huge steak of Salmon teriyaki) but still on the slightly pricey side. Our sushi roll was delicious as well. Decor was amazing so I definitely recommend this place for a special occasion. It's a cozy restaurant with BYO so the table of tipsy men next to us was definitely on the louder side. They were tolerable but I didn't realize how loud they were until they left and the ambiance for us completely changed. I wish the hostess had distributed the seating better as there were plenty of tables available elsewhere in the restaurant.Yanako is a nice quiet Japanese restaurant. Our server was punctual and attentive. The sensai udon noodles were very unique. There was a strange charcoal taste that works well with the soft noodles and fresh herbs. We also ordered the asparagus roll, a must for us. I would come back to try the other food items.went recently for dinner and had a nice time... the decor is nice.. there were not many in the restaurant and the service did not rush us ... We ordered a few rolls and the quality was very good... Prices are average for sushi... Nothing here wowed me but it was very good and I'd certainly go back...Delicious Japanese.  We went carry out route.  It did not disappoint.  Very tasty gyoza.  Delish specialty roll.  No one complained about warm and fresh entrees of katzu dan, tempura, and udon.  Cold night cures!Decor was nice, but the food was mediocre. The menu is overpriced. I was in a group and the waiter assumed we were paying together and put us on the same bill, which included an extra step for nothing.Really just not impressed. The food was good, but the sushi rolls were all huge and fell apart before I could eat them. It was too expensive for what it is. Can't say I'll never go back but I'd rather pay less and get more sushi.Really relaxing and calming interior and very attentive service (almost too much). The seven seas roll we share as an appetizer was fresh and  was a great texture combination. My husband prefers not to have sushi for entire meal and had the beef teriyaki and he loved it. I had the sashimi plate and was able to ask for a couple favorites that they had no problem with. An great addition to Manayunk!!Rule of thumb: don't go to sushi place on Monday.  Most places have not replenish their fish after previous weekend. 
Fish was okay, though they lacked toro. Sushi rice was a little bit dried (I guess it was made from the last portion of the batch).  Tamago was good.  
This is solid spot. I will come back, but not on Monday.Great sushi, good prices. awesome set upInterior is great, love the courtyard.
Oyster and sashimi are fresh.
Will try the roll next time.Not great Japanese.  I have high hopes for the Thai cuisine as what we all knew as Chaaba has merged with this restaurant although I think only until Chaaba's new location in manyunk is ready for business.Food here is mediocre except for the sushi. It is definitely one of the better places to get sushi, but it is also quite pricey here too. 
If you want to get quality sushi, this is the place to go, but also be prepared to pay $8 for 6 pieces of sushi.Service was very poor. We were served water after 30 minutes of being there and after asking three times. Food was average; my friend ordered chicken teriyaki and the chicken was full of bones and they forgot to serve the rice and miso soup!Almost 5 stars.  Quality of the fish and rice is spot-on, and even the edamame was slightly crunchy and nicely sweet.  Service was better than most sushi bars, and the BYO aspect was a refreshing change.
The only dark spot was when my wife was served her Udon noodles - she's deathly allergic to shiitakes and the menu did not mention it whatsoever.  When she noticed, the server was more than happy to take it back, and that's a good start, however, top notch service would have dictated at least an offer to remake it without or a suggestion of a replacement; none was forthcoming and my wife went without an entree.  Not a huge deal, but like all service quibbles, it's the part of the meal that sticks around after.Updating this review because of inconsistency. Menu says Philadelphia Roll and has no description. Commonly, Philly rolls are Smoked Salmon, Avocado or Cucumber, and Cream Cheese. Two times I have ordered this roll and it has had avocado. I ordered this for a third time and the avocado is missing. When I called the restaurant I was told this roll never comes with avocado. 
I am not sure what the real story is, I was told to ask for avocado next time. Perhaps the menu should explain the ingredients of the standard rolls if they aren't made with common ingredients. 
I also do not understand why I must wait at the front of the restaurant for a good five minutes while waiting for change and for my loyalty points to be added to my card. When it is busy, the front gets crowded and there is not much space in the lobby entrance area.
Either way, Yanako is a true gem in Manayunk and has excellent food.Phenomenal food. We did the gyozo dumpling, crab fried rice, and beef panang curry. All were superb. Place is BYOB, remember to pick something up beforehand!Excellent sushi spot in Manayunk.  Really cool decor / ambiance.  Great service.  Reasonably priced and extremely fresh.  Best I've had in a while.  I definitely recommend checking this out if you are a sushi eater and live in the area.One of the best interiors of philly area sushi restaurants, actually. The sushi is fresh, but a tad over-priced. Most of the rolls are tuna heavy, but they have a few nice vegetable items. You can get better sushi for the same price in center city, but anyone who lives in the area who likes good sushi will come here from time to time.It's pretty good. It's not great for kids - no children's menu. The atmosphere is chill. The decor is nice and it feels very clean in the restaurant. The service is okay. I once had a hair in my food, which creeped me out (but mistakes happen). The crowd is diverse in every way. I only went a few times, because I actually enjoy the sushi down the street at Manayunk Brewery better (and my sons can enjoy a kiddie menu).I was sat by the hostess and given menus. About ten minutes later was given water. We then sat for another 30 minutes before anyone spoke to us and we went inside to order food to-go. Somewhat apologetic, they did nothing for the inconvenience. Food was overpriced and not very delicious. Will not be returning.Fancy decor.  Yes, very much fancy decor.  Unfortunately, once you take your focus off of it, you begin to realize the value proposition of the food (price/quantity/quality) doesn't metric more than 3-stars.  Yes, I've made multiple visits and yes the food and prices have stayed consistent.  Maybe that is why I am finally writing this review and landing right in the middle...High quality sushi and Japanese cuisine from the owner of Chabaa Thai Bistro a few blocks away!  I am huge fan of sushi and was ecstatic when I heard Moon was opening a sushi place in Manayunk.  They did an amazing job with the design, decor and atmosphere.  The nicest looking place on Main Street.  Highly suggest it if your're in the area and looking for high quality sushi!Excellent dinner! Highly recommend the Crazy Noodles, they were crazy good. We also had  the sushi and sashimi plate, again very delicious. They make their own soy sauce and it was amazing!!  It has a light smokiness and isn't too salty. The house made teriyaki sauce was exceptional too! Highly recommend!!!Love this place for sushi for 2 reasons, the
Food and the Service!  Food is always amazing. We had the mini pork belly steamed buns as an app and the shrimp lollipops. Steamed buns were amazing and the shrimp lollipops came with a tartar sauce that was delicious. Sushi rolls were fresh and perfect. Our server, Chris was attentive and gave us great suggestions and we always love to see and chat with Art, who is a wonderful fixture both at Yanako and Chabaa.Best sushi Thai restaurant in manayunk. 
Typically restaurants that try to do two themes do it back. However yanako is an exception, somehow it all fits and the food and atmosphere is great.Food: We ordered the oysters, dumplings, and Yanoko signature roll.
- The oysters were delicious, fresh & tasty with a sauce that tasted of soy sauce, ginger and a little wasabi. It had a good kick to it. 
- Dumplings were perfectly crispy, hot and savory. 
- The Yanoko signature roll is my favorite there, it consist of shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado and spicy tuna on top. Perfect combination of flavor and texture. 
Remember that this is BYOB. I forgot until we sat down for dinner! 
Service: My only critique is that the service is slow & it could be because a table for two has just enough room for two place settings and two rolls of sushi, so the server may not want to crowd the table but we found ourselves waiting for water throughout the evening.I was excited to try this new place in manayunk but ended up very disappointed with the sushi rolls. The atmosphere was nice but the sushi was very bland. The speciality rolls were overpriced for the size.  I will not be going back.good solid sushi place in manayunk.  didn't have some of the slightly more offbeat items I like such as toro or hamachi kama but what we did have was fresh and nicely preparedThe restaurant doesn't care about the customer,me and my friends have been there for almost two hours and no one came to ask us if we need something, also we have three people but they gave us a tiny table for two people. Worst experience ever, me and my friends left without having anything.This is my favorite sushi place in Philly! Everything is so FRESH and beautifully assembled. They make their own soy sauce, which has a delicious, smoky flavor. The raw fish is always fresh and flavorful, never chewy. I highly recommend the Manayunk roll! It has so many different flavored that come together and it's so delicious. 
They also serve Thai food here - I have only tried the spring rolls, but they were FANTASTIC. 
The service is always great, a tad slow during busy times but the sushi is well worth the wait.Love it here! The special told here are so yummy and fresh.  They often have special menu additions which are fun to try.  It's a byo and the wait staff are super friendly.  I have never had a bad meal or experience here.The food was great, the service not so much. 
We waited for the hostess to finish her text before looking up or greeting us. The waiter was very helpful and friendly, but for the amount of people in the restaurant the waiter was not very present. The food also took a very long time to come out with no explanation or apology from the waiter (I can remember them checking on us twice throughout the 1.5 hour meal).
The sushi was great (I'll get takeout in the future), but the chicken teriyaki was overpriced for the amount of food we received, same with the yakitori.  The chicken was fabulous, but not worth the price or lack of service. 
I'd recommend takeout or just getting sushi if you eat in.One of my favorite restaurants in Manayunk.  Service is always good and the sushi is fantastic.  Highly recommend the Seven Seas and Kimono rolls.  The spring rolls are also very tasty.  It is also BYOB which is a plus as there are not many on Main Street.Fresh sushi, gorgeous atmosphere, reasonable prices, attentive service, and it's a BYO. What more can you ask for? My only complaint (and really I should be thanking them) is that I'll never be able to eat cheap sushi again.
We ordered an appetizer, a noodle entree, and two of the special rolls - plenty of food for two - and our bill was less than $50. The restaurant really is gorgeous and transports you from Manayunk's dive bar atmosphere into a Japanese oasis.So happy to find this restaurant in Manayunk where the sushi is so fresh and the decoration simple, yet refine. Everything down to the green tea was excellent. We even had the mochi ice cream that was delicious. 
The price was also very reasonable. We will definitely be back.My husband and I love Yanako for the atmosphere and friendly service.
The food is good, but far too small for the price. We also dine-in or pick-up once a week and just moved here and are use to our beloved sushi spots giving us bigger rolls every once and a while when they see our constant returned service. That could be a little much to ask for from Yanako, but the rolls are definitely way too small and they really need to re-think their portion size.
If it wasn't for the portions, I would give Yanako the final 2 stars. Just too expensive for what you get!AMAZING SUSHI & BYO on Main St.  I love sushi and this is by far my new favorite place for Sushi in Philly.  The service is fantastic and prices are very reasonable as well.  Our server Chris was more than kind and accommodating.  The atmosphere is personal, cozy and vibrant all at the same time.  I highly recommend eating here!Hands down, best sushi in Manayunk! Sushi is my favorite food, and having recently moved here I was in search for a great (and reasonably priced) restaurant. Found it! The dining room is beautifully decorated, VERY clean and the staff are very pleasant. The sushi was incredibly fresh and beautifully presented. I highly recommend this restaurant!