My roomies and I picked up some to-go food from here a few weeks ago, we had been waiting for this place to open up! We were very impressed with the food! We ordered a spicy chicken, regular chicken and the zucchini fries. I had the regular chicken and the spicing was amazingggg! It was also pretty spicy considering it was a regular, so just be warned. They didn't skimp on meat which was much appreciated (and rare these days, I feel.) also had these amazing fries (potato) inside which were also on point. It was a very large, filling gyro and had some very unique flavors. $10 for one...
We were disappointed with the zucchini fries though... we ate everything as soon as we picked it up but the fries were limp and oily. Not crispy like we were expecting. The tzatziki sauce was also amazing and seemed homemade. 
My roomie who ran in to get the food said the people working were also very nice and it was a cute spot. Can't wait to go back to try the lamb gyro and some of the other items on the menu!The portions are huge and flavors are fine.  It tastes like a gyro, nothing too special.  When you carry out the fried zucchini it looses its crunch and becomes a blob of mush.I had the gyro lite and it was awesome! I also have had the fries a couple times. They were very good! They are open until 3am I think on Friday and Saturdays and this comes in clutch after a night out on the walk home. Definitely give them a try!Two thumbs up. I highly suggest this for take out lunch or dinner. Great location right at Broad and South.
I ordered a falafel sandwich with fries for take out. I loaded mine with feta and tzatskizi sauce. I ordered easily on their website and picked up my fresh (not soggy) sandwich within ten minutes. Quick, easy, delicious. Worth all $10 I spent on it.This probably my favorite place for a lamb gyro..compatable to the Italian style crimani sandwich in Pittsburgh!!Tried this place when it was fairly new. It's a welcome addition to the area and the owner was very eager and friendly. My platter was enough for two meals and the flavors were well executed. Would definitely go back.The classic was perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of sauce. Great price too!!Nice menu with choices for meat eaters and vegetarians. High quality ingredients prepared to showcase freshness. Great salads. Zucchini fries are great--but you've got to eat them fresh out of the fryer. Glad to have you in the neighborhood! And for those not in the immediate neighborhood, worth the walk/bike/Uber over.Ate a late night dinner here with two of my mates and we loved it. I went with tray option which paired loads of pita bread with two delicious pork kebabs, hummus and some fresh onion and tomato. It was yum. The service was friendly and the food was fantastic, check it out if your in the area.Another example of a place I really wanted to love. Let me start with the ambiance is very comfortable here and the staff are so very friendly and nice. 
I ordered a lamb gyro, understanding that it cost $3 more over chicken or pork. It came on a little aluminum tray. I was initially wowed by the size of the serving - doubted I could finish that for lunch and as a matter of fact, I barely finished half. The lamb itself was nice, some bits crispy which I happen to like. There was a great amount of fries that came with it - nice, thick, almost steak fries. Piping hot.
Unfortunately, I just couldn't get over the temperature of the lamb meat. Like another Yelper mentioned, the dry meat was barely warm, even cool to the touch. I really had hoped it would've been served fresh and hot off the skewers. I used a knife and fork and between the pita and meat, it was a lot of sawing to get enough for a bite.AUTHENTIC Greek gyro finally from someone in Philly. I've been waiting for something like this for the 7 years I've been in US. The gyro (or yeeroh much more accurately they make) is not just authentic, it is importantly delicious
Perfect portion size
Very good grilling of the pita, not sorry soggy, not charrburned
Fillings and spreads are in great consistency and ratio
The meat is delicious
Fries are pretty good, zuchini fries awesome!Yesterday was my first time dining here and it will not Be my last. I got the classic chicken wrap and my fiancé got the pork wrap..... AMAZING!! The zucchini fries were different and a bit softer that potatoe French fries however, I enjoyed them with ketchup.The positives were that it's open late and the gyro's are huge.  The negative was the taste, I had the lamb gyro and it was pretty bland and the lamb pieces were dry and tasted burnt.Quick place to stop by for a build your own Gyro! I went with whole wheat, pork gyro meat, roasted red peppers, spinach onion and tomatoe with the eggplant spread and zucchini fries. The fries were a fun addition, and would have been better if they were crispier. If you want, you can also get them on the side. 
It's a small place with minimal seating, so best for take out. Also, there's no vegetarian option!Excellent Gyros easily worth 4 - 4.5 stars. I tried both the Chicken and Pork so far and both were fantastic. The Gyros are huge, topped with fresh ingredients including the delicious house-made Tzatziki sauce and french fries as a topping as well. The inclusion of fries as a topping works very well and not that uncommon (common practice in both Germany and Canada).
I would highly recommend trying the zucchini fries as a side. They are amazing and served again with that delicious house made Tzatziki sauce for dipping. 
The restaurant is not very large but the food tends to be a quick eat so I didn't have to wait for a table on either visit. Staff was friendly and service was good.
Great job guys - I will be back for sure. Nice addition to the Philly scene.
BKFast delivery. Huge portions. Delicious food! Once I found out you can customize your own sandwich I wanted to move in. I LOVE this place!Definitely lives up to the yelp hype. I got the classic pork gyro with zucchini fries (comes inside gyro or on side). The gyro was phenomenal. The pork (which you don't get from halal shops) was delicious. Tender, slightly crispy, and well seasoned. Generous amount of meat perfectly balanced with onion/tomato and a perfectly grilled pita. And the tzatziki sauce was awesome, thick with a good amount of garlic. Zucchini fries were great too! Light, crispy, and not too heavily battered. 
Awesome, inexpensive place with great fast serviceIt takes 30 minutes to make 2 sandwiches in an empty restaurant. They do not answer their phones for pick up.  The place has horrible ventilation.  This being said, they are new and I imagine they will be working out the kinks.I was cycling in Philadelphia and looking for a Gyro...being from the UK and having lots of Greek friends I was not expecting too much ...but can you say wow I was overwhelmed...I got the classic Lamb Gyro and it exceeded all expectations...and it came with some amazing fries !! Lovely staff, atmosphere and delicious foodJust had a terrific 'Spartan' salad there. Really delicious, I'll be back!I would say these are the worst gyros I have tasted in my life . I ordered the classic chicken. The chicken was dry and the tazitzki sauce was tasteless.  I will never go back .Blown away.  Stopped for a late-ish night sandwich.  First, unlike most of the recent wave of Middle Eastern hummus places turning up all over, these guys serve Lamb!  Perfectly spiced, overstuffed pita with delicious lamb. 
I got my sandwich to go, and even after a 5 block walk, it was fantastic.  I may or may not have eaten all of the zucchini fries on the walk home. Also fantastic.  
The guys working were friendly, the place is super clean, well lit, nice looking interior.  Most importantly, quality product all around.  Straightforward menu with just enough choices.  I can't wait to go back!Well let's start off with the cool niche ambience of this place. Came in on a Sunday night and was promptly received with a smile and all questions answered ! I don't eat pork so I had to go for the lamb and that was not a mistake !
I ordered the lamb tray with zucchini fries and tzarziki sauce ! For toppings I had the tomatoes, spinach, crumble feta ( a must) and red peppers!
Warning : unless you are hungry don't order the tray for yourself ! I don't regret one second though. It def can feed 2 people comfortably ! The meat was succulent and tender . The sauce was on point, warm pita bread and I asked for a bit of hummus and they gave it to me at no charge ! A++! Will definitely come back for a smaller meal with maybe chicken but overall loved ! Great addition to this cityI came into the restaurant because I was looking for the pizza shop but the cashier advised me that it was closed. I took a chance at ordering from somewhere new and even though the takeout service was great and the food looked amazing, the falafel and the lemon potatoes were so salty I could finish my meal. 
I'm hopeful that the chef's will be less generous with the salt for the next batch.
Great price for freshly prepared food and the portions were so big, I was able to split the sandwich and potatoes with my guy. 
The regular pita was super soft and they made the sandwich with the right proportions that it wasn't soggy after carrying it to 5th and South.Will not be getting food from here again. I admit their "trays" have a lot of food and can make 2-3 meals but the food itself isn't good so who cares if you can make 3 meals out of it? The meat is shriveled up dry. The garlic eggplant spread was so salty. The zucchini fries basically ruin perfectly good zucchini. So expensive. So disappointing.Finally a legitimate Yeeroh spot in Philly. We had the pork Yeeroh, lamb Yeeroh and side of loukaniko. All were delicious and very tender and none of the processed stuff. Very clean and great service. Feta sticks will be had next time...they sold out so they must be good!Great customizable gyros. Good taste and loaded with meat. Fries come with the gyro and really go well together.Wow I was totally blown away by this gyro. The lamb meat was the best I've ever had in a gyro. Defenitley fresh and not your typical frozen lamb squares they serve at... Ever other gyro place ever. The ingredients were very fresh and you can tell the staff really cares about the product. The portion of regular fries or zucchini fries which are put directly in your sandwich is a great twist. Defenitley worth trying.Yeeroh is a new & tasty fast food option near the Broad and South Street intersection. And of course they specialize in gyros.  You can build your own or select one of their suggested gyros.  Sometimes I don't feel like thinking too much so I just went for the Diavolo with zucchini fries.  I can tell you this is a large and messy sandwich which is probably why it was also tasty.  It's not really that hot as its name would suggest and indeed I did not care for the ghost peppers and their texture & flavor that much.  But I liked everything else.  And the zucchini fries were a nice change from your usual French fries. Service was def friendly, there's free water to drink, and you can eat-in or take-out.  Yeeroh is a good addition to Center City Philadelphia.We stumbled upon this place looking for the pizza spot that used to be nearby. We were starving and gave it a shot - we LOVED our food. A chicken and a lamb gyro. I couldn't bring myself to eat only half it was so good! Friend's husband is German and used to "real" Kebab; we brought him some and he was over the moon. Only criticism is it's a little expensive (there are definitely cheaper similar places) and the delivery fee is high, despite the fact I live only a few blocks away (we asked after loving our meals). So, unfortunately it won't be in regular delivery rotation, but HIGHLY recommended giving it a try! Also, being able to order whole wheat pitas is a great option, and the guys behind the counter are incredibly nice and helpful. Overall thumbs up new addition to the neighborhood!Tried their the classic with lamb & it was delish! I'm not a big fan of gyro but I gotta say 'I'm impressed'. Cooked well, perfectly marinated. I will definitely go back yeeroh to try other items from their menu.This place is great! It's become a frequent stop on the way home from Center City. They serve all their dishes on cool metal trays. The lamb is awesome but get there early, they often sell out. Oh, yeah, and don't forget the zucchini fries! Staff is very friendly and will sometimes chat you up while waiting for your food. Definitely a place to check out!Ordered a gyro from Yeeroh on grub hub, literally every single bite was fatty and chewy. The pieces that weren't chewy were burnt to a crisp. Will never order from Yeeroh again.Ordered on grub hub and was not disappointed. The portions are enormous and everything was really fresh. Highly recommend!Yeeroh is awesome! Great addition to South St. I went with my fiancé for a quick dinner and our expectations were definitely exceeded. We both had the chicken gyro sandwich with fries on the side - regular for him and zucchini fries for me. The sandwiches were HUGE and so good. The chicken is carved fresh for each sandwich. Choice of spread and lots of toppings options. I also really enjoyed the zucchini fries! Don't get me wrong - they aren't like a regular french fry. But they don't taste like you're eating "healthy" either - a good balance! I definitely recommend! I will warn that the restaurant itself is small so best for only two people or take out.Worst gyro I ever had. Dry meat. BARELY any sauce. Bread chewy and I still taste the raw dough. Barely any sauce!!!!!! The very little sauce I had, it was tasteless. It was also cold. And we were the only people in the restaurant at the time. That's no excuse. 
It would be great if you are starving, drunk or lack taste buds. 
I was excited to try this place. But I'll never come back.
I wish I liked this place, I love gyros, but not here.So excited this is finally open! I've been telling my co-workers about this place anxiously awaiting!! 
Yesterday I got a few orders from my co-workers and went to pick up lunch. You order at the counter and they make your food to order, I expected this would take a while but was pleasantly surprised that it was only 10 minutes total (ordering and waiting). Upon first glance everything looked immaculate, the space is small but thoughtfully laid out...I would also be happy to dine in.
The girl at the counter was very friendly, she took my order and helped me along the way since it was my first time there and you can customize your gyro exactly how you want it. It was interesting to sit there and watch them assemble everything, they've got three "spits" going with chicken, pork and lamb with a long counter space with the toppings and sauces. I believe the owner was dining in as I was waiting, he was friendly and made some small talk and held the door open for me as I left. 
Got back to the office and all were happily surprised at the weight of the gyros..you could tell they were stuffed!
I personally decided to go with a lamb "tray" as everyone else got gyros (lamb is an up-charge but I feel like you HAVE to get lamb). Mine came in two boxes..one with the pita slices, gyro meat, salad and tzatziki and the other with the zucchini fries. I was stuffed by the time I was done with everything. I had plenty of pita and fries left over to share. Everyone was so impressed with the portion sizes, flavor and quality.
We will definitely be ordering from here more often!!! One request to Yeeroh...enable online ordering for fast pick up! Another gyro place opened up only a few blocks from my office but we all decided this was a much better value (portion size was practically double) and the food was much better overall (yeeroh offers lamb and the other place does not..).Delicious food, great service, reasonably prices. 
If you love authentic food this is the place!Very good version of the classic gyro sandwich.  Flavorful protein and accoutrements for a good price.  Owner takes pride in product and authenticity.Came here Sunday for a quick impromptu lunch with a friend- definitely the best decision I made all day. 
Made my own chicken souvlaki on a wheat pita with tzatziki sauce, spinach, tomatos, olives, and crumbed goat cheese (you pick 5) and got the zucchini fries on the side. I was not impressed with the fries as they were pretty soggy and didn't have enough breading. But the chicken souvlaki hit the spot! My friend got the chicken gyro and had no complaints. They were very generous with the tzatziki sauce (one of my all time favorite Greek condiments) in both our orders so that a pleasant surprise! I have my eyes on the spicy feta sauce for next time :)
Searing area is limited (maybe can seat 10 at max capacity?) but I love the fast casual style with the pay at the counter and seat yourself kinda deal. I would highly recommend eating there if you can since the food won't taste nearly as good as take out.Came here for a late lunch on a weekday. I made my own gyro with chicken gyro and toppings on whole wheat pita and zucchini fries on the side. I really like how they let you customize your gyro with different sauces and toppings. The gyro was enormous and extremely filling. It was stuffed generously with meat and veggies. The zucchini fries were a little disappointing - they are good as a healthy substitute to fries, but they are definitely not as crisp given the high water content of zucchini and they were under seasoned. I had to add on some salt and eat them with ketchup. I think they would be better as a topping on the gyro, rather than on the side.This place is awesome. Delicious food, awesome options, great sized portions, and really cool customer service. Highly recommend.I had the sandwich, upgraded to lamb meat. Overall, it was good; however, I thought the lamb was dry and overcooked. I was also disappointed that it did not include taziki sauce. I asked for a side but didn't get it. The zucchini fries as a side (for $1) would've been good if they were crunchy but by the time my late delivery arrived they were soggy and cold. I did order a side of the spicy feta and it rocked! 
I would try this again but I might call-in to verify my order instead of relying Yelp since clearly they don't read the notes.absolutely delicious! zucchini fries are a must, and, even though i can't eat dairy, i've heard phenomenal things about the feta sticks! everything is fresh and you get a great amount of food for the price. i definitely recommend itI really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to our expectations. The pork was very fatty and did not have a lot of flavor. The feta sticks were underwhelming and served with an odd jam that just didn't pair well. The zucchini fries had potential but we're overcooked and under salted. I dined with two other people and they were not satisfied with their meals either. Everyone got pork, so maybe another meat option would be better. Definitely not worth the money. The employees were super nice and helpful though.I love this place. Food is great... when you can get it. I was looking forward to feta sticks and the pita platter with spicy feta... both of which are out of stock. This isn't the first time. My recommendation would be to monitor your stock more closely and order when you're running low. Extremely disappointing.These portions are huge. The photos up right now were definitely representative of what you get. For $12, you get fries, a stack of meat, veggies and maybe 3 pita breads sliced up into quarters. The most memorable thing is probably the house tzatziki. It's so fresh and cucumbery. 
They are definitely not skimpy on anything. Food came out really fast too (less than 10 minutes). Try and get it to go maybe? You'll probably have leftovers.Meh. Huge and salty. Not the flavor I expect from a gyro. I'd rather stick to the typical Philly gyro spotThe food was good, but I'm not seeing how a Gyro (1), that consists mostly of fries (they're IN the pita), that costs $15, and roughly half the size of a Primo Hoagie  is $$?Totally underwhelmed! The chicken in the gyro sandwich was dry and had a very unpleasant bland flavor & bad after taste. Pulled most of it from my sandwich. The bread & garlic eggplant spread were the best part. Perhaps a souvlaki made with grilled meat would have been better. At $10 a pop I don't really feel like experimenting. 
Not really a pork or lamb guy. They have veggie & falafel options, but I'm scared. 
When a $3 gyro from my halal cart guy is more enjoyable, that says a lotGreat food, clean restaurant, and friendly owners. So far I've tried the lamb tray (with zucchini fries and hummus) and a salad with chicken. Everything is fresh and made to order. I'll be back soon!Friendly service by the owner himself, Yiannys!
Absolutely delicious (and generous) tray with pork (great flavor), tzatziki spread (seriously good), cucumber, red onion, and kalamata olives (who doesn't love olives?). Not pictured, side of well-seasoned fries, just slightly crisp (could be a little crisper, but still tasty). Also awesome: spicy feta spread and the slightly-more-expensive lamb!
Ps. The baklava is homemade by Yiannys's uncle!
Welcome to the neighborhood, Yeeroh!Greek food is not Philly's forte and I have found other Greek places mediocre at best. However, Yeeroh was very good. 
The chicken souvlaki was well seasoned and tender with 2 large skewers given in the platter. The pita was warm thick and chewy! The tzantziki was extra garlicky which I loved!
My husband had the lamb gyro which was also huge in portion, but the meat was surprisingly dry. It was about average. 
The zucchini fries are amazing! They are so fried and salty they taste as good as (if not better) than regular fries!
The prices are steep given that this is simple Greek food. The lamb gyro was $12! (They do use 100% lamb meat though). The platter does not even come with rice and was $12.50. I think the portions somewhat make up for it, but it still is overpriced. 
I had to take one star off for their customer service. They forgot a part of our order and we didn't realize it until we got home...and there was no way to speak with anyone-only a voicemail box. However, they have since changed their phone line so that you can now reach a live employee when you call their line. I was disappointed that a part of our order was missing, so make sure you check your bag before leaving, if you are getting take out!Dining Partner and I stopped by Yeeroh for takeout on Friday around 5:30. We placed our orders with the woman at the counter and then took a seat as our food was prepared. There is a good amount of seating and a TV in the front of the restaurant. I had the chicken gyro on a whole wheat pita with tzatziki. I was asked if I wanted fries and went with the zucchini fries. Dining Partner got the lamb gyro with tzatziki, onions, and tomatoes and regular fries. When we got home we were surprised to find the fries on our gyro. Aside from surprised we were also a little disappointed because the fries had become soggy in the wrapped sandwich. I ended up taking them off and eating them as I ate my gyro anyway. The gyro itself was stuffed with meat, a generous helping by any standard. I love that you can choose between the white or wheat pita. The wheat pita in combination with a pile of meat could have benefitted from more tzatziki sauce, but I actually appreciate it not being drenched.
I will definitely be back. Next time I'll ask for my zucchini fries and extra tzatziki on the side. Welcome to the neighborhood Yeeroh!Large generous portions. We ordered pork, chicken shawarmas and a mixed platter along with 2 dips and pita. 
The dips were really nice - though I felt like the hummus could definitely be much better. 
It's great value for money. The meat was great and the sandwiches were filling. We dined in and my only complaint is that the food was not hot. For grill based meat, I was disappointed. That's why the 3 star rating.Finally-a legit gyro place in Philly! It is nearly impossible to find a half-decent gyro on the east coast outside of New York City. Most pizza shops and Greek restaurants sell those frozen coagulated slabs of meat with the same old sides. Not here. I got the lamb and my fiancé got the chicken and both were incredibly delicious. Big chunks of incredibly-seasoned meat with the perfect sauces and sides. Add the zucchini fries; it's a must. The only critique would be the delivery took quite a while but this is anew establishment and I'm sure they'll work out all those kinks. So happy to have this place in the neighborhood!Went here for Saturday afternoon late lunch. The dining area was new and clean, but quite empty. It seems like they do a lot of delivery (caviar, etc) and takeout. Plenty of great food spins on the classic gyro. I wanted to stick with their staple and ordered a chicken tray with olives, arugula, peppers and the spicy feta. The tray is absolutely a fresh presentation and showcased their variety of toppings. The whole time I was indulging in the fresh pita bread and chicken was how clean everything tasted. The abundant zucchini fries were light and flavorful. The spicy feta sauce was creamy and packed a nice kick. I did not feel absolutely bloated after the meal and it was a hefty portion! Great spot and will be back to try more of their menu.Just around the corner from my real estate office, and I can't believe how long it took me to eat here! It was fantastic!! 
I had their traditional Gyro with pork and it was really great. The meet was perfectly prepared, and I will definitely be going back to try some of their other variations! 
I also got a chicken Skewer just to try something else while I was there, and WoW I'm glad I did! This chicken Skewer was the most perfectly cooked chicken I've ever had, ever! Absolutely perfect, I'm still having dreams about it. I'll probably be back there this week haha.Just had the Diavolo for the second time and am putting the it on my personal list of top ten sandwiches in the city! I know, bold call. Grilled pita sandwich stuffed with chicken gyro, spicy feta spread, ghost pepper hot sauce, peperoncini peppers, cucumbers and fries right on top. Heaven or hell? SO GOOD.Found this place on a whim and was so very happy I did!  I got their signature lamb/beef gyro with the fries on it, which I'd never had.  Fantastic food from some nice people.  Next time I'm in Philly, The steaks can wait--I'm going here!Food was OK, but business forgot an item and apparently overcharged for what was ordered including dessert which should have been comped. Also, the itemized receipt does not indicate prices; we had to go refer to menu to see exactly what we were charged for.Seriously the worst gyro I've ever had. The pita was hard, the lamb was full of gristle. 2 bites and it went into the bin. I ordered via seamless so sure, the pita issue? Okay. But inedible meat? Nope. $20 later and I'm still hungry and feel like an old man died in my mouth.My boyfriend and I recently discovered this new restaurant while Yelp-hunting for cheap, filling eats near out apartment. Both of us wanted something warm and satisfying, while I was craving something vegetarian with a brewing Hanger (my boyfriend's greatest fear). Yeeroh was the perfect solution, with the addition perk of finally putting to rest my confusion on how the word "gyro" is pronounced!!
The venue is very hip and clean (exposed brick, twinkle lights, trendy music); there are several tables, but they are obviously catering toward quick meals and takeout. Staff was awesome, very friendly and efficient. Yeeroh's menu offers Classic Sandwiches (set ingredients) as well as build-your-own sandwiches, a variety of starters, and some desserts. Each sandwich comes with a choice of zucchini fries or regular fries - you can choose to have them put into your gyro, or you can opt to have them on the side.
We decided to start with Feta Fries, which are similar in concept to Mozzarella sticks with a less Instagrammable cheese pull. But the feta flavor with the wonderfully seasoned and crispy coating really hit the spot, and successfully stemmed the Hanger while we waited for our gyros. I ordered a lovely vegetarian gyro on a wheat pita. The warm grilled veggies are well seasoned and paired perfectly with fresh spinach, tomato, and cucumber  that I opted for. The zucchini fries were amazing - thinly sliced, crispy, and indulgent but still "healthy" (I.e. guilt-free!). My boyfriend ordered The Diavolo - this monster of a sandwich is perfect for those who are hungry and those who love spice. It's stuffed with chicken, spicy feta sauce, GHOST PEPPER HOT SAUCE, pepperonis, and fries (yes the fries are IN the gyro). My boyfriend loved it, and I definitely had a few bites and many stolen fries. It may be that my boyfriend and I are used to spicy foods and have had our taste buds burned off, but The Diavolo wasn't overwhelmingly spicy. It definitely had a good kick, but anyone who can handle Hot Cheetos would be able to handle The Diavolo.
We ended our meal with Baklava (because when there is baklava, you can't not order it). It was a tad pricey at $5.50 a piece, but it's a decently large piece. I'm a bit of a baklava snob so I wouldn't say it was anything special, but I definitely enjoyed it.
To conclude, I must emphasize how generous the portions are, given the price. For less than $10 a person, you will get both quality and quantity. Definitely planning on returning here if I need a quick take-out meal, regardless of whether I'm feeling more of a #cleaneats or a #treatyoself mood!I've ordered Yeeroh a handful of times and enjoyed their fast-casual Greek food. Glorious gyros, tangy feta sticks, and crispy french fries, oh my!
Alas, my most recent visit to grab a takeout salad ended in sadness and kind of soured this place for me. 
A couple of days ago, I was hankering for something healthy so I went with the CYO salad option, which was supposed to be $7.99. I added a side of tzatziki along with the vinaigrette. I'm not sure how much additional it cost me, but I can assure you it didn't drive my total up to $11 and change, because it was a typical small cup. 
On this early afternoon, Yeeroh didn't seem to quite have it together, and things were a little slow. But because I could see the cooks doing their thing in the kitchen at a respectable pace, I decided my patience was warranted. They were ultra busy, after all!
I hauled my salad home after waiting at least ten minutes. I was so hangry that the price discrepancy didn't even occur to me until after I was finished eating. So what hit me right away? They forgot my damn feta.
That is not okay.
Plus, the portion of chicken shawarma was paltry af. This salad was the size of a side salad I'd make at home. That means big for a side salad, but not large enough to be a full meal type of deal salad.
Size does matter.
Especially when you're hangry. Ultimately, I was so upset over this salad that I wound up caving later on while I was at work and ordered a gigantic fried shrimp hoagie. By then, I literally felt lightheaded and couldn't think about anything but fat and carbs. I wasn't even hangry at that point. I was just depressed and starving.
I'm giving 3 stars only because of previous good experiences here, but I wouldn't get a salad again. Another similar spot provides salads that are three times as large with about a half pound of meat, so yeah. No.Came to try out this new spot on south street with a few friends on a Monday night. It was casual and clean with a decent amount of seating. The staff was helpful and knowledgeable. You have the option of a sandwich or a platter and are able to choose your own toppings and spread. I went with a chicken soulvaki sandwich. The best part by far were the zucchini fries--AMAZING. They are well seasoned and crispy (for zucchini fries). Overall, a great authentic spot for gyro that's worth the money. Will definitely be back!So good!!! Everything was very fresh for a faster food place. The gyro was just like the ones I've had in Greece. The tzatziki was amazing, you must get it! Overall will definitely be back. The staff was super friendly and very helpful in recommending good options!This is Philly's best kept Greek secret. Incredible vegetarian options. Everything from the pita sandwich's to the salad to the lemon potatoes was absolutely delicious!!Language barrier was  my main issue with this place. I was looking forward to trying the feta fries and instead they gave me fries with feta on top of it after I mentioned what I wanted a couple of time. 
I also told them I didn't want the meat wrapped up in a gyro, but like a platter and that was also hard to get across for some reason. I am from Philly and know how to ask for what I want, but the guy behind the counter wasn't understanding and that is why I give this place 3 stars.
Also never got my tzatziki which also upset me since I got the food to good. 
Okay, now for the review on the food the fries were good, the zucchini fries were good, the lamb was great and the portions were a good size.Just ordered from Yeeroh on Grubhub. We weren't super hungry so we decided to split a Tray with lamb gyro meat, tzatziki, and zucchini fries with cucumbers, olives, roasted red peppers, and crumbled feta. HOLY MOLY IS THAT A LOT OF DELICIOUS FOOD.
Prepare yourself for amazing quality, easy Greek food. The lamb was cooked just right. That tzatziki... The zucchini fries! I never had zucchini fries before and they were a great first introduction.
I would definitely recommend this spot for lunch or a "light" dinner or pretty much any time someone is craving Greek. We will absolutely be back.Just had the best early dinner here. Feta sticks and the EZ salad. Super delicious and authentic. Great quality and some stellar people working there. The kitchen gave us an amazing fried appetizer they were trying out. That was a nice bonus, and they didn't even know it was my birthday :)quality meat, a little skimpy on the tzatziki spread ( which is also too thick) and the fries are either stale or you need to wait for them to cook a fresh batch. good portions.This place is amazing! Not only was the staff super helpful and accommodating, but the food was great too! I had the diavolo and it you love spicy, this is the gyro for you! My friend had the greek style pita nachos and she was very impressed. The portions are huge and we got the food super quick! Will definitely be back for more. Thanks guys!Lived right by this place for a bit and never tried it...until now!!!! The gyros here in general are delicious and very filling. I've ordered an array of food from here and haven't been disappointed yet. The meat is so well seasoned- anything you get will be delicious!!Ordered through yelp. Super fresh fast and hot. Yeeroh, you and I are going to be friends for a long time.Truly authentic greek gyro! Best I've had outside of Athens. Order the Classic ap'ola for the traditional style.I ordered a gyro and dolmades and my roomie ordered a souvlaki bowl. I mean, it was alright. I've been to Athens so it doesn't compare, but I've also had gyros from kostas and it was better. I feel like this gyro wasn't as flavorful as I've had in other places in the city. But, it was good enough for dinner and good service / quick delivery through caviar!Finally delicious and authentic gyro in Philadelphia. This is the best outside of Greece I've had, and that's saying something! For the authentic experience just go with the "classic." It won't disappoint!Some of the best Gyro in Philly! Very close to authentic food you'll find in Greece (I'm Greek). Friendly service and affordable prices. Btw, they also cater.We tried this for lunch recently.  We liked it but didn't love it. I went off the pictures on the menu.  They looked so good.  So I got one of the salads from the picture. We will try again.  I just won't order the salad again.So I ordered from this place at 9:30 at night, a half order before they close. I got the kebab stuffed with feta cheese (a delightful meat log) and a chicken gyro bowl. I'm alllllll about the chipotle-fication of modern eating, and the bowl option is exactly that. And it was only about $9 for a giant portion (I even got four stuffed grape leaves in there with no upcharge!). The chicken was a little dry, but I honestly chalk that up to user error, as in, don't go to a restaurant 30 minutes before they close. But otherwise, it was phenomenal! I'll definitely be back