Quick delivery!  Pan fried pork gyoza is the bomb!  Kani salad was unexpectedly very spicy.  Definitely will order again.
Order again since above portion of my review...my Kani salad was the best I've ever had! My salmon avocado hand roll was unbelievably good!   My tuna tataki salad, I couldn't eat.  I expected a bed of lettuce with the tuna over.  This was sliced very thin, was waaay over peppered and served over shredded cucumbers.I've gone there many, many times and it's been very good every time.  I get the same rolls every time, but everything I've had there is worth repeating.  It's a cheap byob with good food.  I compare this place to a better and far more low key version of Vic.I only got delivery from here.... I am a sushi lover and I have been to most sushi spots in the city and continue to try new ones.  This menu has mostly tempura rolls which is a fancy word for fried.  My friends and I like to keep it healthy and try to avoid fried foods and the rolls that contain a lot of rice. This makes this menu very limited. The rolls that I have ordered have been non fried and fairly good, however they are so soaked in sauces that they take away from the flavor of the sashimi.  So we just wipe off some of the sauce and its good to go. For a take out and delivery this is fairly good, but I would never come here on a date or dinner with friends.A couple of months ago I ordered takeout from here and the fish tasted really off--really strong fishy taste like it had gone bad. I couldn't eat it because it was nauseating and I was afraid I was going to get food poisoning. I had to throw it away.Cucumber, avocado, and spicy tuna rolls all were good. I really enjoyed this place.Great food for the price. Super reasonable. Fast delivery. I've gotten Yellowtail delivery about 10 times now and everything has been as expected. Great value. Definitely recommend this place for sushi delivery.Sometimes all of those annoying menus that get stuffed into your mailbox lead to good finds. Yellowtail's arrived announcing their Grand Opening with a 10% discount (now expired). We hadn't eaten sushi in a bit, so I thought why not try them out since they're on my way back from my evening gym class. 
I ordered their 3 roll special (same price as Machi - 10.95) with spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and yellowtail scallion, an eel avocado roll, and tuna tartar (which turned out to be spicy although the menu didn't say that). They have online ordering, which is convenient if you want to place an order for a much later pickup time, and you can add a lot of different items to the rolls in your 3 roll special order, which is great!
Machi Sushi is my fiance's go-to place, but after eating our various rolls he turned to me and said that not only was Yellowtail's yellowtail scallion roll far superior, he thinks that their fish might somehow be fresher - it certainly did taste just a little bit better. My only gripe is that I'd like the spicy sauce to be spicier, and that they use less of it since some pieces seemed to ooze that mayo as I picked them up (ugh). But otherwise, delicious! The tartar was spicy, with a layer of avocado underneath and a nice heaping of caviar on top. I'll definitely be ordering from Yellowtail again!BYO, intimate sushi spot on a quiet part of Pine St. The menu is pretty interesting in that there are regular and specialty rolls, as well as Thai food. Did not have a chance to sample the Thai food because we really wanted to see how the sushi held its own against other more established spots in Philly.
You can get 3 regular rolls for $12.95, which is a pretty good deal. I think 3 of the specialty ran for around $30. Had the spicy salmon, shrimp tempura, and spicy tuna. We also got a Firecracker roll. All of it was delicious and the quality of fish was great (didn't seem frozen, no weird overly fishy odors).
It was cramped on a Friday night, but overall, the service was really good and quality of sushi was awesome. There was nothing to complain about and at the same time, it did not go above and beyond my expectations.Yellowtail is definitely one of my new favorite sushi spots in the Gayborhood! Housed in a small, yet centrally located space between 12th and 13th on Pine, the staff is welcoming, friendly, and prompt to greet anyone who walks in. My first visit was with my girlfriend, and we just so happened to be there on a night when it was particularly crowded, more specifically because it was raining and people were looking to stay dry! Regardless, we didn't have to wait long for our sushi and ended up sharing some mochi before we left.  I have since returned multiple times for lunch on my own, have even ordered delivery while at work, and am still very happy with the sushi and the service.  They have all my standard favorites, including the Philadelphia Roll (salmon and cream cheese) and the sweet potato roll, but my favorite specialty roll is the Christmas Roll (tuna, salmon, and yellowtail wrapped in green soy paper and topped with tobiko (tiny fish eggs)). Prices are reasonable too; standard rolls start around $3.50 and special rolls start around $9.  I highly recommend Yellowtail to anyone looking for great sushi and I will continue to keep patronizing them!Great spot - it's BYO, service is fast, prices are really fair, and they're always accommodating. I've gotten delivery from here a few times and it's always been surprisingly fast. This is my go-to spot for sure.Excellent service and the food was delicious!! Salmon Teriyaki Lunch Bento Box. Deserving of another visit.Updated 12/2017:  DO NOT GO HERE. FOOD POISONING BEWARE!!  I was hospitalized after eating here and after telling my friends it turned out that my friend and her boyfriend had both gotten food poisoning the month before I did as well as my other friend's cousin! ... all on different occasions. 
DO NOT EAT HERE. 
Old review:  Yellowtail sushi is by far one of the best sushi places in the city.  
Pros:
The sushi is great!
Three roll special
Specialty rolls are worth paying a little bit extra. 
The fish ALWAYS tastes fresh.
Cons:
The dining area is small, but that is the norm for most sushi places. 
Also, the staff are SO nice and accommodating. It's such a treat to experience good service.Dinner Combo B to share- delicious. Fish tasted very fresh and the variety of rolls was yummy.  The tempura roll had 2 "ends"!! Large amount of rolls and sushi for the price- plus get a soup or salad, as well.  BYOB for eat in which is always a nice option.  
Adequate seating inside, but reservation recommended for a large group.  
Service was polite and friendly. 
Will definitely return for lunch or dinner!Favorite sushi spot in the city if you dont want to get your wallet raped, weird music sometimes but byob and some really awesome sushi4.5 stars, I have been here three times and the food is always good, fish is fresh, service is good and quick, never a wait for a table. If you're very hungry the sushi pizza is a yummy appetizer (but they add a lot of mayo on top.. You can ask for it without or on the side)fish was fresh, but nothing special. Very nice rice and average prices. I did pick up, but the shop is very cute. I had the salmon cucumber roll and the eel avocado roll. I may go back for some takeout sushi - but the best deal is at lunch.Amazing bang for your buck. Will definitely be going back real soon!I tried this place for the first time and won't go back. The sushi was mediocre, overpriced and didn't seem especially fresh. You are better off going to Whole Foods.This is my favorite, go-to sushi place in Center City. I live nearby in Center City and often end up here with friends, ready to house enormous amounts of sushi. The menu has variety, plus many of the sushi nigiri items that I go for (I'm a big fan of saba nigiri and ikura nigiri, the mackerel and the salmon roe.) The proximity to other places in the 'hood is a major appeal of this place. It is fantastic, except when there are large groups of students or girls playing with their hair and having boring conversations about shopping while pretending to eat. Sometimes some of these people drift over from Rittenhouse and find themselves at a table that instead should belong **TO ME**, not them(!), because I love this place and how cozy it is and want it all to myself! This place is pretty small, with just a few tables and a 3-person sushi bar, and this is part of the charm. It does not have a lot of room, and although the staff is very accommodating, it would probably be hard to seat a group larger than four in this place.I've lived in the neighborhood for 3 years now and probably get sushi here once every 2-3 weeks at least. I have not once been disappointed with my food. The sushi is fresh and both the rolls for the three-roll special and the specialty rolls are very tasty. Most of the time, I end up ordering the three-roll special, it's hard to beat for $11.95. The restaurant is quaint and comfy. When the place is busy, the wait for take out can rarely be a little bit longer than anticipated but they're usually spot on. The staff are very friendly, though the guys behind the sushi bar have a very stoic demeanor. This remains my go-to sushi place and I can highly recommend it for tasty and affordable sushi.BAD SERVICE, NASTY FOOD, NASTY PEOPLE AND I GOT SICK!
I would give this place a 0 star if it was possible to write a review. I don't want anyone else to have the same bad experience! I got home from a long day at work one day. Ordered a 2 roll special and a fried calamari with mizo soup for delivery. It took them a hour to delivery. Get this, the delivery guy was ON A BIKE! He spilled all my soup. The food was nicely packaged and didn't get any soup in them. But, the food was nasty! Sushi was nasty and friend calamari was so soggy I couldn't eat it. 
Not only that but my food was $24 total with the discount they gave. I gave $40 of 2 $20 bills. The delivery guy gave me a $5 change and gave himself a $9 tip???!!!! And then he rode away before I could even say anything. 
Called back the restaurant and they said he went to delivery another order and will be back with my money. I waited another hour for my money. 
So much for relaxing with a night of sushi cravings. Yea, then I got sick later in the night from the few bites of that nasty food I actually tried to eat.Absolutely love this place. Cheap (good) sushi, BYOB, and a nice date place. I come here every once in a while with my boyfriend and we always have a great time. The food takes a long time to come out, but it gives us plenty of time to get through our beers and talk. I always get the shrimp tempura roll, the spicy tuna roll, and the yellow tail roll. They're all really good and relatively inexpensive compared to other sushi places in the city.Good sushi for a great price! The have a combination special in which you can choose any three rolls from a list of about twenty different choices for $10.95.  Today I ordered three of my favorites: the crispy crab meat roll, yellowtail and scallion roll and a shrimp tempura roll. All were excellent. I think the dragon roll is the best on the menu.
I usually oder take out. They are always polite and my order is always ready in 15-20 minutes. 
Its a small intimate restaurant with seating for about 20 people. The decor is modern with an asian twist. I took my daughter here and she loved it (especially the edamame). They also serve Thai cuisine, which I have not tried yet. Overall a good low key spot for sushi.I have ordered takeout from Yellowtail on numerous occasions and must say it is consistently great sushi! I have tried several of the chef specialty rolls and can't decide which one is my favorite, they are all really good. Always tastes fresh and delivery is fast. Definitely our favorite sushi spot in Philly.Extremely dissapointing.  Easily the worst sushi in center city.  The ceviche was terrible and tasted rotten.  Yellowtail and scallion roll was terrible, even the spicy tuna roll wasn't very good. The Unagi was decent but still sup par.  The service however was good and the Tea and salad was good. ZERO STARSAfter some turnover through the past two years at this storefront, I paid little mind when they suddenly boarded up the windows and underwent renovations for a few months before grandly opening their front door to present an intimate sushi restaurant right in the heart of my neighborhood.
With questionably the best sushi right up the street from here (no names revealed) I didn't think much of Yellowtail. That is, until one late evening when I was fixin' for some tempura shrimp and found that Yellowtail's twinkling lights in the night summoned me in.
The menu is extensive with a number of classic rolls accompanied by an eccentric list of house specialities, many of them with a San Francisco Bay themed appellation (i.e Oakland Raiders role with crab and tobiko).  The best choices, if one were to ask for my menu guidance, would have to be the Firecracker Roll with shrimp tempura and crabmeat avocado, the Tiger roll with crisp spicy scallops, or their Volcano role with fried avocado and shrimp in a spicy eel sauce. NOM times three. 
At first glance, tiny little Yellowtail might be overlooked by the hungry passerby, but as a delivery option, I'm not sure there is a better and more affordable ($1 delivery? Yes please.) sushi haven in Washington Square West.   Itadakimasu!Took out for dinner and very disappointed. Spicey sauce subpar. Fish not fresh. Comparable prices to all other places but why satiate yourself with inferior sushi. Good space. Friendly and quick service. EXCELLENT AND CURRENT MAGAZINES FOR READING.I love this place like a second home. The hostess is just wonderful, always remembering me and my usual order. Philly is not famous for its sushi, but the sushi here is definitely the best around for freshness at this price! It's a great cozy little byob, and I also do take out frequently. They have a fantastic three roll special at $10.95, and also do Thai food - which is actually spicy and good. A fantastic neighborhood gem!The best part about this place is the 3-roll special for $10.95 - pretty unbeatable for fresh sushi in center city.The sushi was fine. 
Sashimi even better. Rice was a bit dried out and old tasting on the nigiri. Maki were good.Growing up in Arizona, sushi delivery sounded like some kind of urban myth. Luckily once I moved to Philadelphia I realized it's REAL!! I ordered a rainbow roll and spicy tuna via Grubhub. It estimated my delivery time to be about 45 minutes but my phone was ringing only 20 minutes later that my food had arrived! The guy delivering it was super nice, great customer service (even if I did only see him for about 2 minutes while getting my food and signing his receipt.) I wasn't sure what to expect as far as quality goes for delivery sushi but I was pleasantly surprised. The rolls were great, didn't fall apart and very fresh. I will definitely be ordering from them again!This is my favorite casual sushi place in the city. It's BYOB so the prices stay low and you can enjoy what you want, and the staff is always friendly. Not too large so it doesn't get loud from lots of crowds, and the 3 roll combo for $12.95 makes a filling lunch or a nice light dinner!i would probably have given yellowtail four stars but the delivery took an hour. so maybe if i lived closer then it would be a different story (i live in old city). the three rolls for $10.95 sushi deal is pretty awesome.  i picked the salmon, spicy tuna, and yelowtail.  yea, each roll is skinny and sliced into six small pieces.  the pieces of fish are also small too, so overall, smallish portions.  i'd say the best part is that the fish quality was more than satisfactory to my sushi snobby tastebuds.  so in terms of getting what you pay for, the sushi is good and cheap, but it's negatively balanced out by the portions being too small and the delivery taking too long.Great sushi!
Very fresh and they deliver! Order from them at least once a week!!!!!
Love their specialty rolls...
Definitely recommend them.Food was crappy, the sushi made me and my girlfriend sick, go to another sushi restaurant!I really like their sushi. I lived around the corner from this place for years and would order sushi on Fridays. The sushi here is solid and consistent. You know what you are getting every time and consistency goes a long way to me. They have a three for $30 special on their specialty rolls, which you really can't beat! I also think they make a mean curry. I often order the yellow curry with a spice level of three out of five, and I find it to actually be spicy, unlike other places. The staff and delivery folks are also nice. If you choose to dine in, this place is BYOB and tiny. I would not recommend this for large groups. Enjoy.Yellowtail is an A-OK small, low-key  BYOB sushi spot that occupies the space formerly held by another small, low-key BYOB sushi spot right around the corner from my house.  Since their opening I have ordered take-out several times, and have been generally satisfied each time.  Since they also have good prices, they are on the verge of a fourth star from me.
My first order was their 3-roll special (a great deal available even for dinner) with shrimp tempura, Alaska and tuna rolls, as well as salmon sashimi.  The rolls were all pretty solid, and I have since sampled others and experienced similar solidly above-average quality.  The presentation of the sashimi in my take-out container was many steps above what you usually find for inexpensive sushi with the fish slices arranged into a lovely rosette with a caviar center.  The presentation elevated my expectations, so I was sadly surprised to find the salmon awkwardly cut from a tough, stringy section of the fish.  It was fresh, but somewhat difficult to eat, and led to me sticking with simple rolls for future orders.
My encounters with the staff have all been very pleasant, and my orders have always been ready at the correct pick-up time.  I will definitely keep ordering from here, and if a future sashimi order is better than my first, that will likely earn them a fourth star.Good food at a great value with prompt, courteous service.Great sushi.  Been here a bunch of times and it's never disappointed.  Very quick with take out as well.  If you plan to eat in, it is a very small dining area.  Despite how small it is, though, you don't feel like you are on top of other diners.My new go-to spot for delivery/take-away sushi! My food was ready for pick up in 10minutes and had excellent presentation. I need to mention that it's a smaller dining space than I expected when I walked in so I'm not sure if I would dine there (a little too cozy for my taste).  
I got the $10.95 special with 3 rolls and would definitely recommend, it's perfect for one person. I got the Spicy Crispy Crabmeat roll, the Boston roll and the Shrimp Tempura roll, my favorite was definitely the Shrimp Tempura. Can't wait to try some more!Just call me a sushi hound...I'm always sniffing out new sushi places around town. I passed this one a few times in my car and it seemed to have a nice vibe. After checking out the Yelp reviews, I found out the place was fairly new. I was further intrigued by the place and begged the hubby one night to take me. He wasn't gung-ho, but he eventually gave in.
When we arrived, the restaurant was empty but very clean and the server was super attentive and friendly. We ordered our usuals like Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, Yellowtail, etc. Then, I decided to try one of their special rolls: The Godzilla Roll. Well, God was all up in that roll!! Yessir! It was so delish...I literally had to stab my husbands hand with my chopsticks to keep him from eating the whole thing! 
No one else dined in that night, but about 10 people came in picking up to-go orders either phoned in or submitted online. My husband and I have added Yellowtail to our regular list of sushi spots. By the end of the night, he was thanking me for asking him to go. We had an AMAZING time.Ordered from Yellowtail last minute tonight for delivery. It was VERY delicious. I got the 3 roll combo for $10.95 with the salmon avocado, eel avocado, and eel cucumber.  The sushi was super good and the pickled ginger and wasabi were plentiful.  The service was so fast and the driver was very courteous.
I definitely recommending ordering from Yellowtail when you want take out sushi!Favorite sushi place, they never mess up your order and they have amazing rolls! M-16 roll is sooooo good. They have an app you can easily order delivery too trust me yellowtail is itI have only gotten delivery from Yellowtail. It usually comes quickly. The fish is fresh and the rolls are wrapped properly. My issue is the unnecessary sauces they put on standard rolls. I am more of a purist so find sauces and specialty rolls kind of  ridiculous. If your fish is fresh why cover it up??Great prices and quality product.  I order from them once a week and couldn't be happier with the sushi and delivery time.I don't have to go to west philly anymore for the perfect Massaman   curry. I found it here. Just a hop from my house, it was the perfect place to go for a weeknight  dinner with the kids. The service was great and the waitress even made kid friendly chopsticks for my son. The menu was varied enough for all three of us and its BYOB for those times I want a glass of wine with my dinner. They also deliver and do take out. It was clean and cozy and we will definitely be back.Two nights this week I called to try to place an order for delivery and both times they did not answer. I'm not sure if they're closed or not? I've ordered here in the past and loved their spicy rolls.The food was AMAZING. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 out of 5 is because delivery took forever. They said 45 minutes to an hour, but it took them an hour and a half to get to my place.A great little hidden gem! My friend just recently moved around the corner from Yellowtail and was raving about how tasty and inexpensive it was. Armed with a bottle of champagne, 3 of us headed there and ordered edamame (perfectly cooked and salted throughout - I hate when only the top layer is salted), veggie spring rolls, (3) three roll specials at $10.95 each, and the "spicy 2 in 1" roll. The presentation was fancy (glowing things on the plate with swirls of sauce) and the service was great! We ended up taking a fair amount home, and the total bill was only $56. Highly recommended!I was looking for a quick pickup service, but also good quality and a good deal.  Yellowtail was all of that.  They had a lot of options and the prices were reasonable.  They were ready with my food on time.  The rolls were on the smaller side, but I got more options that way.  Will return again to sample their specialty rolls.Yellowtail is a quaint go-to BYO sushi restaurant. 
A friend and I split three rolls: the dragon roll, salmon avocado, and 2 in 1 spicy roll. The salmon avocado and dragon rolls were what you'd expect - the latter with thinly sliced avocado draped over the eel/avo/cucumber combo. The 10-piece 2 in 1 spicy roll ($13) was an interesting mix of spicy salmon and spicy (but cooked) tuna, tempura-style. A bit dry since the tuna was cooked, but I enjoyed the sushi nonetheless.
Tl;dr -- The 3-roll special ($10.95) is a great deal; otherwise, Yellowtail offers standard rolls at an acceptable price.Their lunch bento is usually a great deal, as it comes with sushi, shumai, soup, salad, and the entree with rice. I went with the chicken teriyaki bento today and it was good, but the chicken itself was underwhelming. The chicken looked a little pale, with the sauce just sitting under the chicken. The pad thai was also good, albeit a little bland. Overall, a decent lunch.We came here for our first time and loved it! We ordered 3 bento boxes, the teriyaki steak, chicken teriyaki, and shrimp teriyaki. All were very good, shrimp was probably my favorite because it was grilled. Veggies were fresh and everything tasted very good. We also got the awesome roll and it was delicious. I'll def be coming back here! And the best part is it's BYOB!Absolutely love Yellowtail, we order from here all the time. Great dining-in specials for two and excellent service. The restaurant isn't the fanciest place but the sushi is excellently priced, consistent, and fast.Okay so their sushi isn't super amazing but it's the best I could find when it came down to delivery.
Their prices are way reasonable and their rolls are definitely good enough to satisfy my cravings. 
My favorite of all rolls there - the magical roll. Drool.... 
I do sometimes wish that they would get rid of the delivery fee and that they were quicker on their services but not a deal breaker.Good sushi is so hard to find in Philly and of the three places I love, this is the only one that delivers. The three roll special is such a great deal! I highly recommend Spicy Tuna, Volcano & spicy crab rollI ordered delivery from here, and I definitely won't be doing it again. It was reasonably quick and sort of edible, but there as an odd plastic-y taste to everything. They also did a bad job of keeping the ginger separated, and a lot of the food had a strong ginger taste (and I despise ginger).
My main issue was that everything was just really, really soggy. The flavor of the sweet potato sushi might have been good if it weren't dripping wet and covered in ginger. I had deviated from my normal sweet potato and avocado sushi purveyor for a change of pace, but I definitely won't be ordering from Yellowtail again.A month or so ago, I ordered from here and was pleased. I got agedashi tofu, a seaweed salad, a spicy salmon roll and futomaki. Everything was good, but I especially enjoyed the futomaki. The veggies that were in there were a bit different than other futomaki I've had. 
Earlier this week, I decided to order delivery again, and thought I would try some special rolls. Delivery was 20 minutes later than estimated, and things got worse from there. The spicy tuna in the rolls was off colored, like it had been sitting too long, and the spicy scallop was extremely chewy. I ordered the Christmas roll which has tuna salmon and yellowtail. It was really fishy tasting. I gave a bit to my cat and threw the rest away. 
I honestly was very worried about getting food poisoning, but luckily did not end up sick. 
I loved the futomaki when I had it, but I'm not sure that I will be giving this place another try.I ordered a take-out lunch from here so I could sit on my couch and watch the masters, and this place is right down the street. I was feeling a little under the weather, so I needed an easy warm soup and something light to nibble on. While the deal was great - two rolls of my choice and Miso soup that came to $8.59 - the food wasn't so great. 
The Philadelphia Roll - which in my opinion is hard to mess up - because the cream cheese kind of takes over this roll, and you can't go wrong with cream cheese - was not what happened here. I had only a few pieces. 
The Spicy Tuna Roll was made with the shredded tuna, which is never appetizing to me, and didn't have much of a spicy kick to it. 
The Miso Soup was alright, but nothing great. 
Needless to say I'll be exploring other sushi places in the area.I'm a sucker for a great 3 roll special! The fish is fresh and the rolls were delicious. I ordered the spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and tuna avocado rolls. Service is a little slow but friendly.Love this place! I've gotten take-out and ate-in. Both great. The service is friendly and the food is great. The restaurant itself is a cozy space in the Gayborhood. Best part is it's BYO. I only give it four stars because one of the friends I took there was not as impressed.Roomie and I ordered take out last night and I think I'm still in shock. THEY HAVE DINNER SPECIALS. Yes, the caps are on purpose. I very rarely see dinner sushi specials. After ordering over the phone she asks if we will be paying cash. Yes. Ok 15% off. WHAT! 
Any who, we ordered 3 special rolls, 3 reg rolls. $40 total. Snow white, dragon, hot lover, philly, spicy tuna, salmon avocado. All were pretty fresh, snow white was my fav, it was really good. I really hate that spicy rolls always end up getting mushy. I'd rather them just put spicy mayo on top rather than mixing it. 
The sushi was definitely not something to go crazy about, but the price was and for take ou, it was pretty good. They have so many options of special rolls that this might be my new Sunday dinner. 
If you do plan on dining, its superrrrr tiny.LOVE THIS PLACE, ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! 3 rolls for $12, the best yellow tail jalapeno I could ever ask for. Love the staff their and restaurant. There has never been a single thing I have ordered that I haven't liked. Siu mai, agedashi tofu, salads, gyoza, sashimi... Mmmm. Will definitely be back and I can't wait til then!I have been coming for for a few months, and it's in a great location! It's a pretty good price for sushi, the lunch special is $9 for two rolls and miso! During regular hours you can get three rolls for $12 which is still not bad. Their physical store isn't anything special, but it's decent if you wanna sit down.Came here with my husband last week. I can say I'm happy to have found our go to local sushi spot. Fish is fresh, lots of roll options, solid miso soup and BYOB! Very affordable rolls, 3 classic rolls for $12. Ambiance is just okay but average for a sushi restaurant. Will definitely be back!Yellowtail is a solid, friendly, neighborhood sushi spot.  I already have my favorite, nicer, date-night sushi spot in the city, but sometimes you need cheap and convenient.  That's where Yellowtail comes in.  We dined at the restaurant, and throughout our entire dining experience there were only two other tables occupied.  However, there were plenty of people in and out for take-out service.  The service is super-friendly and you can't beat 3 rolls for $10.95.  The sushi itself was fresh and tasty, and BYO is always a plus.I've ordered from here a half-dozen times now and I've never once been disappointed!  The food is always delicious and it's such bang for your buck!  I've even had them cater an event at my school and all 100 pieces of sushi were consistently outstanding.
can't recommend enough!Tried this place for dinner the other day expecting Thai cuisine and sushi. Turns out it only has a few Thai menu items (not including Thai tea) but that's fine. We had the Red and White roll and the Scorpion roll. The taste and freshness were okay but nothing spectacular. The service was courteous but a bit off (e.g., server not knowing what the scorpion roll was despite it being listed as their daily special). Overall I would eat here again, I just wasn't wowed in any way. I also read that their delivery is good, so I'd like to try that.Ordered take out from them! Prices are amazingly reasonable! Three rolls your choice for $10 is awesome! And their food tasted really good! It was yummy even after it being delivered. It was very fast as well. I ordered it through Yelp and it said it would take 30-50 mins and it came in 20 mins! Impressive! Nice sushi place after all!Best Pad Thai I've found in Philly-not greasy at all. I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet because their Pad Thai is so good. I did order delivery once and it took over an hour to deliver the food half a mile, so now I just pick it up or order way in advance. Definitely give them a try.I apparently chose all of the wrong things to order.  The takeout menu was left at my door so I decided to give it a try.  To be safe, I chose cooked rolls (tempura shrimp roll) and the tempura appetizer.  Both disgusting and I didn't think it was even possible to mess up tempura.went here one evening and ordered a special sushi roll ($12) for 6 pieces. It was delicious! my friend got the Chicken Pad Thai. It was a big order however it was a little on the sweet side.  Ambiance and staff are nice. Cute little spot.We ordered sushi after a long cold day in Philly (we needed a rest from the cheese steaks)lol. We got two rolls each which were not that expensive. The food came in a timely manner. The sushi itself was regular sushi nothing to rave about, it got the job done.Pad Thai has gone down hill since I became obsessed with theirs last summer :( when it's good, it's good, but I not chancing it anymore.Got a take out order so I could watch the world series, and it was great. Spicy Tuna and Salmon Avocado are are the go to items here.Amazing sushi. Love this place. Great for a group and for dates. Sushi comes out quick and the people are very friendlyI feel like solid takeout sushi is a tad hard to come by so we've been trying out some new (to us) spots in search of "the one". Yellowtail was next up, but unfortunately wasn't the home run we were hoping for. It did satisfy our craving in a pinch, but that's about it however. It was fine, nothing extraordinary. 
Spicy crispy crabmeat, peanut avocado, chicken and salmon tempura and fried tofu, which is new to me. Standard run of the mill. A tad dry. Could be what we ordered, not sure? Plus for 8 piece roll versus 6 though, and for the meat and seafood combo rolls. 
Edamame was a larger order than were used to, so that's another plus. 
Salad with ginger dressing is difficult to mess up so there's that. Great, tasty dressing. 
Ordering via Yelp was easy and our food was ready promptly for takeout. 
Not rushing back, but not swearing it off either. Maybe eating in is better?
Just ehh for us this order.can i get a hallelujah?! it seems like all those negative things i had to say about yellowtail in my last review (almost two months ago) have been miraculously amended.  first off, my saturday night delivery arrived in 20 minutes flat.  next, the sushi rolls had double the portion of salmon and yellowtail compared to the sad little puny rolls they gave me the first go-round.  the fish was still very fresh tasting in my humble (yet still snobby) opinion, and the prices seemed like even more of a steal at $10.95 for a three-roll combo.  lastly, my fiance tried out the tempura bento box, which came with a hearty portion of battered shrimp and veggies that were still hot and crispy without being overly greasy.  we were stuffed.  i'm actually excited for the next time we order in for sushi.  now i'm just crossing my fingers and praying for consistency.I enjoyed out take out from Yellowtail. Delivery was normal. Took about 35 min. I had the Thai spring rolls which were a bit undercooked but were still delicious. I has he banana mango special roll which was really good! Spicy tuna roll was basic and did not have crunch as I suggested but still made me happy. 
The people working in yellowtail were very helpful with some differences on the online menu through grubhub.Mad disappointed with my order this afternoon.  The Pope is expect tomorrow and I assume things are slow because my tuna tartare and Kani salad was made yesterday.  The Kani was mushy and the tuna wasn't red, it was orange.   You shouldn't sell sushi that isn't fresh.