The difference between "amazing" Chinese food and "ok" Chinese food must be extremely subtle.  I can name at least 4 Chinese food trucks on Penn's campus, and the food that they produce is, to my taste buds, identical.  The portions are all the same size, and so are the prices.  And since, surprisingly, none of them have ever given me any stomach problems, the only difference that I can see between Yue Kee, Le Ahn, the Real Le Ahn and King's is the wait.  Yue Kee's is 10x longer than the others.  Yue Kee, therefore, gets 2 stars.I had one of the worst sweet and sour chicken. It seemed that they cooked chicken, green pepper and the sweet and sour sauce separately. The chicken lacked flavors. Also the chicken didn't have a lot of meat but was more like a bunch of fried flour. Won't try it again.I've been going to this food truck a few times a month for seven years now. As someone who grew up in a Cantonese household in NYC eating Cantonese dishes practically every night until I left for college, I can vouch that their food is pretty authentic Cantonese food and it's why I still go to them. If you're looking for good Americanized Chinese food - you may be disappointed here. 
I'm a big fan of Yu Kee because practically every dish is cooked to order (not meat  and sauces scooped out of a vat that's been simmering all day and plopped on top of rice which is what a lot of the other "Chinese" food trucks do) and priced very very very reasonably between $3.50 and $5. 
My favorite dishes are: 
- Sub Gum fried rice (fried rice w/shrimp, roast pork, chicken & veggies)
- Eggplant w/Chicken in a black bean sauce
- Singapore Noodles (Rice Vermicelli w/roast pork & shrimp in a dry curry sauce)
- MaoPo Tofu (Tofu w/ground pork & shredded bamboo shoots in a spicy sauce)
The Negatives: LONG wait time since every dish is cooked to order, so call in your order if you don't want to wait. The wait can be 10-20 minutes. The owners can be rather short and abrupt when taking orders - it's just how they are. 
Overall, it's cheap authentic Cantonese food and some of the best you'll find outside of Chinatown. 
The other decent Cantonese food truck is Mai's on Drexel's campus on Ludlow St behind the Main Building. I also noticed quite a few reviews suggesting Kim's. While Kim's food does taste decent, it's Americanized Chinese food. To each their own.Living in one of the dorms closest to Yue Kee, I initially found myself at this Chinese food truck out of pure convenience. However, the food was impressively cheap, served in large portions and decent in quality. I say decent so as not to confuse anyone interpreting my four star rating to mean "high quality food!" The food is no better and no worse than your run-of-the-mill Chinese delivery joint. 
One thing to note in particular with this truck, unlike most Chinese food trucks in the area, is Yue Kee actually takes the ingredients and makes your food once you order it. With this in mind, your order can take anywhere between 3-10 minutes (depending on what your getting).
My "regular" here is pork fried rice with extra onions. The woman never charges me more for extra onions, a rarity in the food business. I would definitely recommend this item if you are looking to be full, satisfied, and thrifty.One great thing I like about 粤记 is definitely its unbeatable price! While King's Wok charges you about 6 bucks for a meal, at Yue Kee, you can satisfy your hunger at a price of merely $3 (if you order the Yat Mein) The Yat Mein is currently the lowest priced thing on the menu. Although I doubt if it's name can be written in Chinese characters, I decided to give it a try. Turns out pretty good. Just don't try it if you're not an onion-lover.
My top 5 favorites: 1. potato beef with extra veggies. 
This is my all-time favorite. The sliced potatoes are fried and dipped in sauce. I feel it's not nutritionally balanced without the veggies, yet adding vegetables would cost you $1 in addition. 
2. Beef fried rice.
Not the type of fried rice you would expect, but it tastes only better. Unlike most Chinese restaurant places, Yue Kee's rice is fried with shredded onions and bean sprouts.
3. Grandfather chicken
Of the three different types of fried chicken dipped in sauces, I like this one the most.
4. Lo Mein
I haven't tried the Chow Mein yet, but I assume they taste similar. The Lo Mein is cheaper so I always order it.
5. Chicken leg with rice
This one sells out quickly during lunch and dinner times because it's a fast item, meaning you don't need to wait for 20 min get the food. The item comes with two side options: white rice or fried rice. Interestingly, the fried rice is not vegetable fried rice or egg fried rice, it's just literally "fried rice". It also comes with a marinated egg and some vegetables. I believe it's not halal or kosher tho (the gravy they use is probably cooked with pork?) but I believe in most cases the names of Chinese foods don't tell you the ingredients.
可以用普通话和广东话点餐。
真的很佩服这对夫妻的执着和敬业精神。I go to Yue Kee several times a week.  Because when you are a broke graduate student with no cooking skills, you have to subside off of food trucks on campus.  Yue Kee is far from the medical center where I work (Le Ahn and the Real Le Ahn are much closer), but it's worth the extra 5 to 10 minute walk. 
Why?  The most authentic and cheapest Chinese food on campus.  Sure, the lady who handles the cash is not the nicest person in the world (the husband is much nicer, FYI and he's on duty at the register during the summers), but their food is on par with restaurants down in Chinatown.  The Mapo Tufo is a winner for 3.50 and could serve as a full meal.  Their broad noodles are great as well.  Unlike the Real Le Ahn and it's counterpart across the street, the husband and wife duo at Yue Kee don't splatter tons of mystery sauce on your food.
Call ahead about 15-20 minutes before you actually want to eat, because they do get backed up since they stir fry the food on the spot.There are mainly two Chinese food trucks on campus. One is Yue Kee and the other is the Kim's oriental besides Gym. I would say, if you want American type Chinese food with speedy service, go to Kim. If you want truly tasty authentic Chinese food, go for Yue Kee. It cooks slower than Kim, but it worth the time. 
I would also mention the 40-year marriage of the couples cooking on the truck. Check the 20 year ago newsletter clip that they stamped on their chuck while you are waiting. I am moved.easily the best chinese food truck on campus. i usually rotate my orders between mapo tofu with a fried egg on top, and eggplant with garlic sauce. yue kee's is also super affordable (around 3-5 dollars a meal), which is great for hungry college students.
yes, the wait can be on the longer side, but just make sure to call ahead about 20 minutes before you actually want to eat, and your food should be ready for you when you go to pick it up.Mapo tofu is a must try. Not authentic but absolutely delicious. Line is usually long but worth the wait.It's a good sign when the fried rice is sauteed with egg, rather than coming from the box all yellow. They do it proper here. I got the chinese special (recommended by Ravi J), which essentially is bok choy stems with a meat ingredient of your choice in some greying sauce. It's an impressive cart, because of the number of choices, but other than being cheap and by the campus, it's just crappy chinese served out of a cart. 
Part of why I came to Philly was to check out the food truck scene. I went to both Temple and Penn. I found out that Penn has better carts, better buildings, and better looking girls. Sorry John Chaney, I like Penn.Lots of Asians came by and ordered from there. Which makes me think the food is semi authentic. Overall it's good food just a long wait time.This food truck has been an essential part of my diet since I was 6 years old. My parents went to UPenn, fell in love on campus and ate the delicious food that came rolling out of Yue Kee's food truck! I have only ordered one thing from this truck because it tastes sooooo delicious....we always call it "Beef with Beancurd", but I think it's officially title on the truck is 'Beef and Tofu'. Think of this amazing concoction of tender slices of beef, pan-fried slabs of beancurd, sauteed mushrooms over a bed of warm rice. It is soooo TASTY!! And the sauce is really a gravy. YUM! And you get all of this for the low price of $4...and it can literally be divided into 2 huge portions or 3 normal sized ones. Also ask for the hot sauce too! It goes great with this dish. Yes the lady in the truck isn't super nice, but her husband is awesome...it's too bad that he lets her cook mainly now.....you can taste the difference (she doesn't make the flavors as bold and tasty). 
Pros:
- Inexpensive meal that works for anyone's budget! 
- Delicious Beef with Beancurd dish!! YUMMY!!!
Cons:
- Ordering an order to go is tough.......sometimes you get the machine if they are really busy and the lady is always pretty angry sounding with you too
- When his wife cooks, I feel like the flavors aren't as good.....I wish her husband would cook more! 
Why I gave it a 4.....
Delicious Beef with Beancurd dish (but it does taste better when the husband cooks it, but he doesn't do it that often anymore :( ) Very inexpensive (~$4)...it's a college students dream, especially with those behemoth sized portions! Love this place, but it has definitely declined a bit over the last few years.Chinese food in San Gabriel Valley is amazing. But, for the price and the serving size (and the closeness to my home), this is passable. Each portion usually serves me 2-3 times. And most dishes don't cost more than $5. My roommate is from Shanghai and feels like this is more Chinese food fit for American tastes. We've tried Beijing Spicy Noodles (kinda like jajangmein and mapo tofu fusion on egg noodles), spicy tofu and eggplant (I think it had black bean sauce), tofu and beef (I felt like the sauce tastes a bit like ketchupy syrup), eggplant and beef. Nothing is amazing, but nothing is disgusting either.The key to getting food at Yue Kee is ordering the right food - sure, there are dishes that are smothered with brightly colored sauce, or dishes with mysterious-looking meat, but I love, love the Spare Ribs in Black Bean Sauce ($4) here. They also have gigantic portions, and insanely cheap prices, even compared to other Chinese food trucks on campus.I've heard so much about this food truck! People have told me over and over that it's.. the best.
I may have gone before (but it must not have been memorable if I can't remember if I have), but I (re)visited yesterday. I ordered their lunch special set, which for $5.25 comes with a soup, egg roll and your choice of a dish. I got the snow pea with chicken. The catch with the lunch special is that it's not really a great deal. The snow pea with chicken would be $4, the soup $1.25, so all you're really getting in the special is a free eggroll (which I could care less for to begin with). 
The snow pea with chicken was good, but that was about it. The hot and sour soup looks like (and I guess tastes like.. I only took 2 sips) hot and sour sauce dumped into some water. It's a red-ish color, when traditionally, it should be more of a brown color. The eggroll had veggies and shrimp. I took half a bite before giving up on it, but to be fair, I was never a fan of eggrolls to begin with, so a bad eggroll becomes a really bad eggroll in my books. 
Oh, and the Mapo Tofu everyone talks about. My friend got it, and I tried it. It was authentic, but slightly on the salty side. But, for $3 something bucks, you can't really complain.
So... the verdict. I still prefer Kim's Oriental. Maybe just the familiarity of it now at this point since I go at least once a week. Leaving you with my fortune from the fortune cookie I got: "forego the eggs and wait for the hen" (something like that).I have been eating here at least three times a week during my college life, so this speaks of how much i like this place, as a poor college kid.
I never got food poisoning from yue kee but I got it from kim's before, so I think food quality here is a little better here. 
I always got their tomato beef with extra egg in it. Unlike other chinese place, they make this dish into more like a broth dish. So the end product is a warm broth with tomato, egg and beef on top of the rice. So good!
I have also liked their brocolli shrimp when I was on a diet. Make sure you ask for no bamboo shoot if you don't like canned bamboo crap like me.The quality of the food is certainly better than expected for the price you pay. The Singapore noodles are great.
Tips: 1) make sure to call ahead, otherwise you'll be stuck there for ~20 to 30 minutes waiting
2) stick to traditional Chinese dishes- the Americanized stuff just doesn't taste right
3) cash only! Pretty much everything costs $4Tried the mapo tofu a while back ... It was okay. Not spicy at all IMO. Today I had the pork belly and I got nothing but a load of pork FAT, barely any meat and a whole lot of white rice. Threw most of it away. Cheap price and quality.I usually only like the fried rice from this place especially coz they make it fresh per order. Spicy chicken or shrimp fried rice with either mixed veggies or, just with broccoli and mushrooms. They are stingy on the veggies though and charge .75 cents extra, which is fine if they give you enough, but you only get a very small amount.  I went out of my routine today and went in for a large hot and sour soup, which i wish I had either got a small one of or not got one at all. It just was not good at all, i threw most of it out. It is reddish in color and filled with mostly bamboo shoot and water chestnuts with an occasional cube of tofu. It looks like some hot sauce mixed in water.  It also has a aftertaste of metal as it sits in their metal container all day!  I would not get it again.Yue Kee is one of the better Chinese food trucks on Penn's campus. I usually get either a shrimp or chicken rice dish, though the last few times I've asked for shrimp with snow peas, they were out of snow peas :( Their meat comes with a lot of sauce and is never too dry. I also recently tried their mapo tofu which wasn't bad, though I wish there had been more sauce.
Averaging $4-5 a dish, they are extremely affordable and are my go-to place for dinner when I can't decide what I want to eat. I usually call ahead to order and the food takes about 10-15 minutes to make. And unlike most other food trucks, they're also open on weekends which is a huge bonus!They have a wok. That's a very good start.
Stay away from the Americanized fare and go for the authentic Chinese menu items, because that's what Yue Kee does best. Fantastic for a food cart, and the best Chinese food you can get in University City.
Just make sure you call ahead because they do take forever. Don't forgot to add 10 minutes to whatever time she tells you your food will be ready by because they aren't fast..
*EDIT* new favorite (vegetarian): Eggplant & tofu. It comes in a brown, black bean studded sauce with a mild heat. The tofu is silky, and delicious - at only $3.50.I can't complain about this super convenient food truck. As a undergrad selling my soul to none other than Huntsman Hall every night of the week during the school year, it's always comforting to know that Chinese food is just 2 minutes outside. I'm personally a Kim's fan, but there are many reasons to why I stop by Yue Kee every so often. 
Pros:
-Call-in order; call the lady with the order, and 15 minutes later, the food is guaranteed ready, saving everyone from miserably awaiting for food outdoors
-Lunch special is a great deal! Comes with a tasty soup or soda of your choice. 
-Saves $$$! I'm convinced that Yue Kee costs less than Kim's
-Fortune cookie; on a sad, dark day, a good fortune is worth more than almost anything!
-Mapo Tofu is delicious!! And an awesome deal at $3.50 a la carte
-Hours, hours, hours! I think it's been open til 9pm. I don't think I've ever seen this place closed...
Cons:
-Do not get the Chicken Thigh Rice (Ji tui fan)...So disappointing. I literally got a huge chunk of chicken thigh over white rice. And I was almost too embarrassed to eat it in public
-Do not wait here. The lady will take her to time to prepare the food. My first time was on a cold wintry night awaiting my food outside, and I learned my lesson after watching four people pick up call in orders before I got my food
-The couple there are not the friendliest. 
-The gas that the truck makes gets me headaches (just do call ins!)Don't trust the dingy exterior, this is hands down one of the best food trucks on campus. The food is good, the menu is really big, and you the prices are rock-bottom. The mapo tofu (only $3.50, ridiculously good deal) is packed full of ground pork, bamboo shoots, and flavor. The bbq spare ribs, while a little light on the amount of meat, are cooked fresh and tasty. The food is your typical Chinese fast food but done right, not too heavy on oil and grease but without skimping on flavor.
For the huge portions and crazy good prices, this place has definitely earned 4 1/2 stars. They're open way later than most of the other trucks on campus too (I've been here as late as 8:30).Feeling lucky to have such good Chinese food for lunch on Penn campus. Very reasonable price too.Cheap and convenient food option for students around Penn. Their ma po tofu is a hit if you like bamboo shoots. Wouldn't recommend their soups personally and their noodles (chow fun and lo mein) are super greasy. But sometimes you just feel like eating some good 'ol greasy Panda Express-like food and Yue Kee does just that. If you have a particular dish you want them to cook, you can just ask her (doesn't have to be on the menu). Also, their menu is super poorly written in English / doesn't translate perfectly so just be aware, it might confuse youThe food here has been the same price for like 10 years now. Always get the ma po tofu or eggplant tofu. Both come worth enormous portions for 3.50 and 3.75 respectively. You'll never feel hungry after, but there is a huge chance you'll get extremely drowsy from food coma due to the oil they use. So, of you're looking for a typical delicious but bad for you food truck choice, go here. But, especially during rush hours like 6pm, make sure to call your order in ahead first. They can prioritize taking these orders sometimes.How has this place not been Yelped???? 
A staple of Penn students' diets (chicken steaks, falafel, salads, yue kee's), Yue Kee's has one of the best woks in town West of the Schuylkill...probably until the Pacific Coast (sorry, Chicago, you just don't make the cut). Operating since 1983 and filling bellies with delicious stir-fry, Yue Kee's packs a powerful post-breakfast punch and a guaranteed afternoon snooze in your favorite 3 PM class.
A shrewd, no-nonsense woman akin to Seinfeld's Soup Nazi runs the front lines and the phones, while her friendlier, neighborly husband does most of the stir-frying (Cantonese style food). The range of their menu is incredible; it includes all the items of your local Chinese restaurant, except with more wok power and a much lower cost...a favorite subject of the Whartonite conversation /consulting interview case: how the eff does Yue Kee's never raise prices and make money? They barely keep up with inflation. This year they raised prices $0.25, the first time in my four years at Penn.
Costs range from $3.25--$4.25, damn cheap, eh? / add a fried egg for $0.35
Top dishes (in no particular order): chicken with string beans, eggplant chicken, beef chow fun, sesame chicken, vegetarian general tso's, fried fish in garlic sauce (trust me, it's good)
Pointers and tips to ordering:
Call in your orders. YES, it is a food truck, but you can call in your order (the number is listed here). Don't be stupid and order there. You'll stand there for 30-45 minutes even if there's no line because 10 people called in while you walked your slow ass over.
You can order in English, Chinese (Mandarin), Chinese (Cantonese)
Make your orders quick. No need for pleasantries like: "How are you doing?" or "It sure is cold outside." or "Is the eggplant fresh?"
Typically no more than 10 words are needed to place an order. After you place an order, she'll gruffly give you the wait time. "15 minutes", "20 minutes", "30 minutes". Just accept the fact that service is rarely good.
I know you got an A in Chinese 101, but there is no need to test it when you order at Yue Kee's. Unfortunately, there is no tang-cu yue or other delectable dishes that you learned about in class.When you're a poor college kid making $7.5 an hour washing ethidium bromide off test tubes and budget $20 a week for food, this is definitely the perfect Friday night treat. 
Weekly college food budget:
$3 - penne pasta
$2 - pasta sauce (Ragu you ma boo thang)
$4 - apples
$4 - bananas 
$2- eggs
$5 - YUE KEE!!!!!
Man what can I say, you drop $5 up at this joint, you can get ANYTHING YOU WANT. No waiting for restaurant week deal bull and dropping $35 + tax and tips. Let's face it, you only get dragged out to restaurant weeks because you need to pretend to care about whoever you're dating, but at that point, the relationship isn't worth saving anyways. 
$5 gets you mapo tofu/general tso's chicken/sinagpore noddles/pepper steak. They even give you a fortune cookie!! Killer deal right there. The service can be slow, so it's best to call in to place the order beforehand. Once you get there, you can just walk up to the lady and say what you ordered. Usually it'll be ready. 
The food is pretty fresh, I've seen the Yue Kee couple shop at BJ's in the Philly suburbs. If only BJ's could sell Yue Kee in bulk...The food is good. The service is not. I'm also super sweet to staff but this woman was not having any of it.
I hadn't been here in years and had a huge craving for some food cart Chinese food so I came by and ordered the eggplant tofu ($3.50) with extra veggies (+$0.75). The tofu was reallly good and tender. The veggies were actually just a couple pieces of broccoli.. but the dish really hit the spot. My friend really enjoyed his szechuan tofu too (although they forgot his extra veggies).
The 3 Asian kids before me all ordered ma po tofu (and one ordered 3 of them) so I think that's probably a good bet and I'll probably get that next time :)I agree with Eveline - and I too am writing this review based on grease-laden memories of my post-collegiate Chinese Truck experience.
I don't understand the love.  Food is (as said before) full of oil, onions and MSG.
Yech!
Oh - but it's really, really cheap.If you're looking for some cheap, really good Chinese food, Yue Kee is the way to go. It's probably better than all the other actual Chinese restaurants around University City (wayyyy better than Beijing). All of there main dishes are mostly under 4 dollars, and you get a lot for your money. One meal is extremely satisfying and fulfilling. 
I definitely recommend the shrimp and lobster sauce, which is sort of salty, but really good. The 5.25 meals are a pretty good deal with an egg roll and soup/drink. The chicken/beef and broccoli is never a disappointment in those 5.25 selections. You also always have the option of getting white rice or fried rice. I also recommend the eggplant and chicken, which tastes great! A dish that isn't on the menu is shrimp and egg with rice/fried rice, which is very similar to the shrimp and lobster sauce, but so good as well.
There's usually people waiting for food during lunch hours, and sometimes can take a while, but if you're not in a hurry it's worth the wait, and it never takes too long. Probably one of my favorite food trucks at University City.Not the best Chinese food truck (that has go to the one in front of DRL). Portions and pricing is ridiculously good though!I heard great things about this food truck but what I got was very disappointing.  The fried rice had very little vegetables in it, the noodles with spicy ground pork and tofu was swimming in oil and the noodles seemed more like Italian spaghetti than any Chinese noodle I've had.  But the clincher was the Mapo Tofu which people rave about.  It was so salty that neither my friend nor I cared to finish it.Maybe the best value, but the food was tasteless (perhaps this is better than just plain gross). I ordered the General Tso's Tofu for 3.50. What I received was white rice, six struggle slices of tofu (why not cubed?), and some broccoli and onions dunked in some brown sauce, which was NOT Genera Tso's. The sauce had no flavor whatsoever, I tried my best to catch the flavor, but alas, I could not detect any. I was hungry, so I finished 3/4ths of it before I threw the rest away. I'm not going to gain extra calories from tasteless and flavorless food. 
A few minutes later, I realized I forgot about the fortune cookie - isn't it the best when you forget about food that you have - and reached for it. Upon breaking it and reading my fortune, I popped one of the halves in my mouth. It was STALE. How do you have stale fortune cookies? It was like it was a cracker sitting out on the table exposed to air for a month. I couldn't even bite into it. So I tossed it away. I learned my lesson!!
On the other hand, the food from the black Jamaican Food Truck on 38th is great. Check it out!My pearl of wisdom for the item I ordered:
Singapore noodles...come on. I wasn't going to take you literally. It was just a hot yellow mess. Let's play, I spy a veggie and chinese bbq slivers. 
Generally, this place is a few quarters cheaper than the other Chinese food trucks. It's fast service and God-knows what grade of meat. 
Cash only!Yue keep probably the best chinese food cart on campus. The lady is very curt, but she is just trying to do her job
1. Everything is made to order
2. Different ingredients have different textures
3. The dishes are not completely sauceless
4. Everything comes super hot
My tips are to call and order before you go. Even if she says 15 minutes, come around 20 after you call.
Get the garlic eggplant or the eggplant tofu. Out of all the Chinese food trucks in the Penn and drexel area, Yue Kee has the best eggplant. Also yue kee does not use fried tofu and uses soft tofu which is rare for Chinese food trucks.
Make sure to carry the food carefully because if it is not level in the bag, all the delicious sauce is going to spill.
Just keep in mind as you eat this, Yue kee is cheap for a reason. Do not expect anything spectacular from this food truck. The food is very solid and filling especially on a cold day. This place is good for the price and the type of food you are getting. If you don't like fast msg ladened americanized Chinese food, you probably will not like this place.
For the price, you can't really beat Yue kee which I why I keep on coming back. The quality of this truck is better than most food trucks because they use fresh ingredients too.I would not say that it is the 'best' value on campus, because you get what you pay for!  The service not great--the lady (wife of the cook) always seems to be in a grumpy mood.  Never-the-less, I would say that for me, they do make a very good fried rice and they make it fresh (the only dish I get from here). As for prices, I would not say they are expensive, but now seem to be going up.  
I recently ventured out to try a noodle soup ($3.50) which had caught my eye the other week.  It had looked very appetizing. This is a chicken noodle vegetable soup that would contain lo main noodles, chicken and bok choy.  I am not a fan of bok choy, so I asked for variety of veggies, but ended up getting only broccoli. The soup was lacking in flavor and had a lot of bland noodles, a couple small pieces of chicken and a couple pieces of broccoli. She charged .50 cts extra for the 2 pieces of broccoli.  Also, because I asked for broccoli instead of bok choy, she got perturbed and hence no fortune cookie.  I think I will stick with the fried rice and nothing else from this truck.Yue Kee is a stalwart of the Penn food truck scene. The truck might appear battered and dodgy, but its food is tried and true. Nothing fancy, but everything is cooked-to-order and about as good as food truck Chinese food gets. I like the various egg foo youngs and fish dishes here. The waits are long here so most of the regulars know to call ahead to avoid standing outside for 10-15 minutes (or longer during the lunch rush).I am not from Philly but stopped and ordered 2 meals and a shrimp roll food was stale and i ordered fried rice with my entree and daily special but I got white rice I was extremely disappointedIt's a food truck. It serves Chinese food. It's run by elderly Chinese people. You're not going to get smiles and kindness. It's a food truck. You're going to get cold stares and muttering. But you'll get delicious food, albeit it can be greasy, with very large portions for low prices.
Mah po tofu - $3.50. That's my lunch. Not every day. But pretty often. I need my fix of rice and chinese food during the day. And my supervisor looks down on me bringing my rice cooker and 20 pound sack of rice into the lab. I haven't actually tried it, but I feel like he wouldn't appreciate it. The beef chow fun should be large enough for 2 meals. It's $4 and yummy. You know it's good because of all the chinese people waiting by it during lunch.
They get busy, and make your food to order. So call them ahead and place your order. If they're busy, they'll tell you itll be ready in 15 minutes. If they're not too busy, it'll be ready in 5. Sometimes when you get there, you'll still need to wait a few minutes.Passable, not-quite-authentic Chinese food.
Plenty of food, but there is a definite focus on quantity over quality. Several of the sauces they serve over their food taste "cheap" (think frozen Lean Cuisine) and I often try to scrape them off. But there's just so much that the food is swimming in it. The rice, oddly enough, is sub-par too -- flavor is off and texture is a bit hard. Expect a long wait and rude service during busy hours, too.
Sorry, Yue Kee -- Kim's is only half a block away.Tofu eggplant was the nastiest thing I've ever eaten (or tried to eat). Mushy mess. Don't do it.Had orders from Yue Kee for couple times, I must say that lady got some attitudes; that lady always give stinky face to customers like we all owe her money. Despite the price is cheaper when compared to other Chinese food trucks, the serving speed is SOOO slow and one time the food even melt the styrofoam container (yulk).
Will never buy from it AGAIN!!The food is a 2/5 but the price is a 5/5. Things to consider: you can call ahead to pick up your food, the noodles (beef chow fun) are very greasy, if you're into that. The BBQ spare rib tips are substantial if you are into meat, and I prefer them over the friend (crispy) spare rib tips.Solid food truck, with incredible prices and standard quality food. The love I have for Yue Kee definitely predominantly stems from the prices. The vegetarian options at the truck are all priced $4 and below. Where else can you get a solid meal for that price? The portions are also all fairly big-- I know people who use one order for two meals (I eat a lot so of course I finish it all for a meal). 
I've tried the mixed vegetables with tofu at this truck, and it was really good! Light brown sauce and white rice with an assortment of vegetables like cabbage, sprouts, and more.
I'll definitely be back to try the other vegetarian options. The menu is pretty comprehensive, and I love that there are ample vegetarian options. The reason for the 3 stars is sometimes the wait time is exceptionally long (even when there isn't a line or tons of people who have ordered in front of you). Service isn't excellent, but hey-- it's a food truck, so you can't expect too much. I do think it is worth noting that I would ideally like to give this a 3.5 star rating though!I really want to love this place as much as everyone else seems to, but the overall experience has just never really been worth it for me.
Now don't get me wrong. The food here is great! Very authentic dishes, and the price for a full meal is usually only $4! You honestly can't get any cheaper than that, and I highly doubt that you'll be able to find a more cost-friendly dining option in University City. The potato beef is a solid choice if you're looking for a starchy and meaty meal to fill your stomach.
Unfortunately, the service here is terrible. The woman who normally takes the orders is pretty rude, and sometimes she doesn't even acknowledge whether she heard your order or not. The last time I went, I ordered Fish with Garlic Sauce and started waiting. After 15 minutes of standing in front of the truck, she finally gets around to telling that they're out of garlic sauce and that they can't make the dish. I then proceeded to wait another 15 minutes for them to make me a new fish dish with another kind of sauce. I knew that their garlic sauce shortage wasn't something that they had just found out about, so why couldn't she just tell me that at the beginning? 
I ended up waiting for almost half an hour to get a dish that I "ordered." Personally, I find that level of service unacceptable.
The chef is a pretty nice man though. He sometimes runs the whole truck by himself, and he's always very polite to the customers.
Be warned! Yue Kee takes a very long time to make its dishes. If you're thinking about getting food from here, call ahead and get them to start making it before you show up. Otherwise, you might wait anywhere from 10 - 20 minutes for your food.
I guess it's true what they say: Cheap, Fast, and Good. Pick two.
Yue Kee. Outrageously cheap. Great Chinese food. Terrible and slow service.Why am I thinking so long and hard over what to write about a food truck?  
I choose the Yue Kee truck because it was the only truck on the street with a line of students queued up for a good feed.  Overall, not a bad decision on my part.  It was what I expected, edible, cheap Chinese food.  I ordered Dumplings and Chicken with vegetables in a florescent orange sauce.  It was a ton of food for $7.
As far as taste goes, it was nothing to write home about.  Since graduating from college, I decided that I would like my food to have some flavor, and portion size, though important, is not the only factor I consider when choosing where to eat.    However, being a dumpling connoisseur, I will be a bit harsh on them for the texture of the meat.  It was a little to coarse for my tastes, but not the worst I have seen on my many dumpling adventures.  The dumpling dipping sauce actually ranks pretty high in my book.  It was very spicy and had great flavor and texture.  
It was fun trying to watch as they made my food inside the small truck.  Every time I would try to sneak a peek in the tiny window, I would get blocked by the woman taking my order....It was almost as though she was hiding something in that truck............I wounder.....
So you might ask why I am being a little rough on this joint, yet still giving it 4 stars?  Good observation.  I don't know why I am compelled to give it 4 stars, I just am.  It was something about the overall experience of the meal that makes me feel I am doing the right thing; A gut feeling if you will.  For those that know me, I always follow my gut feelings.A reviewer on a Penn website said of the Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken: "It looked like bits of fried Wonder bread, with a few pieces of broccoli and huge, badly sliced chunks of onion."
I agree with that statement, however I would like to add that, for something that looked like fried wonderbread, the wheat gluten tasted surprisingly okay. The huge pieces of onion and broccoli were less good.
I also am slightly annoyed by the difficulty I had ordering:
Me: What is in the Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken?
Woman: Is vegetarian!
Me: It's tofu?
Woman: No!
Me: It's chicken?
Woman: No! Is vegetarian!
Me: Okay, (fingers crossed) I'll take that.
It's a small complaint, but she really should learn the words "wheat gluten" and then put them on the menu. Given the horrible abuses people commit against the word "vegetarian," the term "vegetarian chicken" just doesn't inspire confidence that it will not contain chicken.I feel like with some food trucks, its hit or miss with the days and the dish. When I got my meal, the rice was really hard and course, and after that, I never ordered here again. But I still always see lots of Asians line up for this truck, so perhaps I was just unlucky that day. I will say this lunch truck is pretty cheap though, averaging bout 50¢ less than Kim's Oriental food.I had their Mapo Tofu. It is really good and unique. Althouh it's not the traditional way of cooking it, it has a tasty ingredient: pickled bamboo shoot. I think they cooked it after order, so t here's some waiting time.Huge selection for a food truck.  My favorite is ginger chicken,  that not even many store front Chinese restaurants have.  Prices are also very good.  Quality may not be good enough for some Chinese lovers, but not bad for a food truck with so much selection.Food is really good. They have separate menu's for Chinese people (in Chinese) and for American people.  For Chinese friends, I strongly recommend beef belly rice. 
Service is comparatively not as good as the taste. Waiting line is long especially at lunch and dinner time. Fortunately they have mobile order system. Call in advance to get the food ready when you arrive there.It's been a while, but I ate lunch here almost every weekday for several months when I was at Penn.  One of my Chinese friends, before his wife joined him from China, ate here for lunch AND dinner EVERY day it was open!  He said it was the best he could find in the area, price-wise and taste-wise.  His dish of choice was the Ma Paul Tofu, which, when he ordered, sounded more like "ma bo doaf" to my non-Chinese ears.  It always smelled really good.  I'm also generally non-tofu, so I stuck mostly with the Ginger Beef (beef with scallions and ginger) which has quite a tasty sauce, and the Chicken in Garlic Sauce.  The chicken dish has mostly chicken and broccoli and automatically comes spicy enough that you'll think it's still hot in temperature long after it's cooled down!  The Ginger beef won't be spicy unless you ask for it, I mixed it up and would alternate between the spicy and non-spicy just because I liked it both ways.  If you're not in the mood for rice, the Singapore Noodles are pretty good.  It's a simple dish, composed primarily of long, thin (thinner than lo mein), bright yellow noodles with hunks of vegetables (think peppers and onions, etc) and shrimp.  It's got a bit of a spicy-ness to it, but certainly not overwhelming.  
I would like to give Yue Kee 5 stars, but I think we have to remember that this is a food cart/truck we're talking about.  It's inexpensive, not fancy, and it's going to be somewhat hit-or-miss from time to time.  Like others have commented on, the lady who takes calls and manages the window isn't going to win any awards for stellar customer service.  I might have seen her smile...once...maybe.  I usually make a point of smiling in the hopes I might get one in return, but alas, I've been largely unsuccessful.  In spite of it all I'm rather fond of her and her gruff ways.  
My aforementioned friend used to call in for me and order in Chinese.  The one time I tried to do it myself, well, between the language barrier and the roar of various motors at her location it didn't work out so well.  These days I can only get there outside of the busy lunch hours so I actually order at the window and either people-watch on the sidewalk for a while or take a quick trip down to Wawa.  It's always a treat for me to get back to Yue Kee, makes me wish I still lived in University City!I don't see what's so good about this place.  The food tasted like average Chinese take-out.
I got the beef and broccoli with fried rice ($4). The rice was hard and dry. The beef was just okay. The dish came with pieces of water chestnut, which I didn't care for.
The only good thing was that when I went (2pm), there was only one other person waiting so my food was done within 10 minutes.Ah... Yue Kee's ... all those orders of beef chow fun, all the gallons of oil I've consumed.
You'll always have a place in my heart (the space that's closest to my stomach). 
It's not so much that the food has changed after 4 years of college living. It's just that you get so used to the taste of the food from this truck that you can tell immediately if they're having an off night or if the noodles aren't cooked as well as the last time you had them. 
That, and this place is definitely a contributor to the freshman 15. Good, greasy, filling food at almost all hours? Hell ya!One of the better Chinese food trucks in the UPENN area.  There is always a long wait, so I would suggest calling ahead to place your order before heading there.  One of my favorite dishes is the tomato beef.  Prices are extremely affordable and they give you a generous portion.Best cheap and tasty Chinese food ever. 
Okay, I wasn't this fond of Yuekees when I was back at Penn. I wasn't thrilled over the long lines and snappish service.
But years after graduation, I have found myself saying time and time again: "I miss Yuekees!!!!!!!"
That's because for the price, Yuekees provided me with a large quantity of authentic, freshly cooked, delicious Chinese food. Sure I've had better food since, but nothing has come close to the convenience and VALUE that I found in Yuekees. 
My favorite dish there was their Mapo Tofu. I remember it being $3.25, although I'm sure prices have gone up since a few years ago. It's taste is spot on, and I love the crunch of the bamboo shoots that they use. Another great dish was their pork belly. It's one of the few dishes that they don't make on the spot since it take hours to cook, but tastes great none-the-less. Their beef chowfun was also a favorite-- a little on the greasy side, but the thing with Yuekees is that the flavoring was always spot on. 
My recommendation would be to stay away from the Americanized dishes. 
I miss you Yuekees :'(It's a food truck. Can I really give it 5 stars?  Probably not.
Have only eaten here once but it will certainly become a regular haunt over time. Taking a quick glance at the extensive menu, I was both overwhelmed and thrilled by the dozens of offerings, all cheaply priced between 2-6 bucks. I went with Tomato Beef, not knowing what to expect. What arrived 10 mins later was a piping hot sautee of egg, tomato, and tender beef with a side of rice. Perfectly filling for lunch and even a bit leftover for the next day (I'm a starving student, what can I say.)
The woman sure does look enterprising - she barks away on a blue tooth headset as she  prepares your order, presumably to take those advance phone orders other reviewers have mentioned. Talk about efficient!This is the best value in Uni City. Those halal trucks don't care about you. The burrito guys are upcharging you like they were running a ponzi scheme. All the other guys? They smile at your face while stabbing you in the back. Only YK cares about you. They might not smile as much as the other fellows or make small talk, but actions speak louder than words. Like an Italian grandmother, they want to make sure you don't go hungry. You slap down four dollars at YK, you walk away with a meal and a half. And it's not a container full of rice like you get at the other guys. YK isn't in it for the money. They'll load that bad boy with meat and tofu and eggplant and whatever the hell you ask for. Is the wait longer than typical? Oh yeah. Because they're making it all fresh. No food poisoning, no cold chicken, no funny business. Just the good stuff for cheap. So what they don't give you a free drink? Here you have to pay if you want diabetes, they're not trying to force it down your throat. They will throw a fortune cookie in there though, and I've yet to get a bad fortune. 
I've had about a third of the menu. The only advice I'd give is to stay away from the super white people stuff, because that's just fried chicken with sauce.I'm a little shocked by the great reviews. I'm starting to wonder if the Chinese food in Philly just doesn't compare to what I have been accustomed to in NYC all these years, or if I just have not found the right place yet. Or, maybe I need to know they just make some stuff better than others. I don't know, but I was not fond of what I got.
First, there was a mob outside this truck. I thought, "This is a good sign" There was no real order, you just needed to push your way to the front. Although, this was disorganized, it was not too hard.
I ordered the General Tso's Chicken. The price was great. And, that's where great stopped.
The chicken was deep fried, in fact a little too much. The sauce was something, but not what I know as General Tso's. It wasn't awful, just kind of okay. I had friend rice with it. I'm used to seeing a little egg and maybe a sprinkling of vegetables in fried rice. Not here.
I will say it was edible and cheap. But if you want good, you will not find it hear, unless Philly this is what you call Chinese food. If that's the case, I need to move on for my love for Chinese food, except when I visit NYC.Since Kim's has gone downhill with change of ownership, I'm on the hunt again for a decent chinese food truck.
First time was pretty good.  Burned me the second time.. literally.  How do you manage a straight face, upcharging $1 for 4 broccoli florets and burnt 2 types of tofu beyond all recognition?!?  This was the worst rendition of mapo tofu I've ever had.
I wish I could give it zero stars.  Will not go back.Now this place is a food truck deal! You're getting comfy Chinese food - yes there's nothing fancy about how the truck or food looks but for the price you pay and the amount of food you get, it's worth it.
I usually get the beef chow fun and mapo tofu (be aware, their mapo tofu is not like other spots - it's drier and has bamboo shoots as opposed to typical saucier versions). You can ask for any of their dishes to add spicy sauce. **both under $5!**
Tip: call ahead because when they're busy they can take nearly 40 minutes to make 1 dish!This food truck was located by itself in a random area by UPenn. The food is WORTH it, especially with the extremely cheap prices and the portions you get. I got a lunch special (shrimp lo mean, soup, veggie egg roll) for $5.75. The noodles were lacking a little in flavor (drowning in oil) but it was filled with veggies and a generous amount of shrimp. Also, I think they only take cash.Reasons why Yue Kee is the best food truck on campus:
1. Best prices on the whole Penn campus
2. Diverse and wide menu range
3. Generous portions + fortune cookies!
Dishes
Mapo tofu (5/5) :: really tasty ground pork with tofu and bamboo shoots. Flavors on point and wallet is happy. 
Orange chicken (4/5) :: good mix of chicken and greens, but the sauce is very tangy. I prefer the orange chicken at Kim's right next to Pottruck.
Pork belly (3/5) :: good flavors but not enough pork. It was also quite inconsistent with pork quality and some bits were extremely fatty. 
Potato beef (5/5) :: thin scalloped potatoes and sliced beef and sauteed altogether in soy sauce. Really interesting Asian x American mix, but it worked so well.
Beef chow fun (4/5) :: Overall good, but nothing special. Seriously big portion though. 
Tofu w/ garlic sauce (5/5) :: loads of tofu and a lot of really warm, garlicy, aromatic sauce. Delicious!
Fish w/ garlic sauce (2.5/5) :: not enough fish. I also thought the garlic sauce would be the same time as the tofu w/ garlic sauce dish but it was less flavorful and less rich. It also came with a lot of vegetables instead of fish.For its price it is worth 4 stars - I highly recommend their beef chow fun - it tastes equivalent to what you get in philly Chinatown but for half the price! (~8 dollars in Chinatown versus 4 dollars here!).
Some other thoughts...
Their "fried rice" does not have as much mixed vegetables or egg as why you think of traditional fried rice. It's less flavorful as well so not as good but again, 4 dollars for most dishes equals its quality. 
Call in your order or risk waiting for around 30 minute if there are around 5 people ahead of you.
Otherwise enjoy!
Cash only here as most food trucks typically are!Among the better Chinese Food Trucks on Penn campus.  Make sure to phone in the order if you are aiming for lunch or dinner - slower times tend to be in poorer weather or between 2 and 5 and after 8 can be very busy - use that cellphone!
Don't worry if the lady in the window snaps at you - it's a busy day.  Prices are fairly consistent and haven't gone up terribly much in the last three years, what with the economy and fuel costs rising.  Expect to wait and they've taken down the "fast menu" (5 minutes or less) because they couldn't deliver on the five minutes because of volume (during busy hours) - at least speculatively.
Beef belly and Spare-rib tips in black bean sauce are my favourites - the pork belly has a bit too much fat.  On the whole, they provide a fair amount of vegetables with a good amount of rice (or noodles) in addition to being generous with the good stuff.  Sorry, it's not for the health-conscious, you can't quite taste the oil coating your mouth, but you know it's there.MAPO TOFU IS EVERYTHING! 
$3.50, y'all. It has gotten me through 6 years (& counting) of late nights and hunger attacks. I'm probably alive & still in school because of this truck haha, jk (but actually...) My older sister introduced me to them when she was at Penn, and even to this day, whenever she visits, we drive out just for Yuekee and have a Mapo family feast. 
Tip: if you don't want to wait in line, place your order over the phone! Also just a heads up that whenever the husband cooks, the mapo tofu tends to be more salty/spicier. On the other hand, the wife makes it a bit soupy/too diluted. 
Pork FRIED dumplings' are also really good.
And if you want a huge, greasy, food coma - get the beef chow fun. 
But in the end, the mapo tofu is legendary.
**Update, MaPo Tofu is now $3.75 **Some of the best Chinese food I've had that came out from the back of a truck.  Yue Kee has kept me well fed on many cold nights.  The portion sizes are large, the price is cheap and the food is well cooked (if you order the right things).  I would highly recommend the tofu tomato beef.  The Beijing hot noodles are also very satisfy (if a bit too greasy).  If you do come here, do yourself a favor and call ahead.Come here for decent Chinese food at a decent price. The owners are Cantonese, so you are better off ordering more Cantonese items like the spare ribs in black bean sauce or the stewed chicken leg with egg. They do an amazing rendition of mapo tofu that is probably very Canto-influenced. Others might be offended by how different it is from your traditional mapo tofu. I can't comment on the more "Americanized" Chinese food like General Tso's chicken, because I don't eat that crap (yes, my inner food snob is coming out). Everything is super cheap and rarely anything is over $5, which is perfect for those on a student budget.
The lady who runs the cart is in a perpetual state of grumpiness, so try to limit your interaction with her as much as possible. She must have some sense of humor though, because on Halloween, she dressed up as Ash Ketchum complete with hat and blue vest. Anyway, this is a solid option on campus.Don't let the rugged exterior of Yue Kee's food truck deceive you. This food truck is the most bang-for-your-buck food truck you will find in U-City and on Penn's Campus. For as little as $4.25 you can get yourself a full serving of Shrimp Egg Foo Young and will keep you full until past dinnertime -- which is what I did. Yue Kee is a Penn staple where many college kids will go to to save a good $3 on a meal. The food is delicious but you do get what you are paying for in quality but the quantity makes up for it. Yue Kee is your spot if you're on a budget but also if you're looking for one of the better Chinese-food food trucks on campus.
Tips & Notes: Call ahead! Depending on the time of day Yue Kee can be very very busy. When you call you'll be given either a 15 or 30 minute wait and that is usually standard. I can verify that the phone number on this page is correct.Yue Kee is so-so.
If you eat here, the best dish to get is fried noodles/rice noodles because they have the "wok flavour" from being quickly fried with oil in a wok at high temperatures.  However, there's not much else going on flavour-wise & they use a disproportionately small amount of vegetables or other (non-noodle, non-oil) ingredients. The texture of the fried rice noodles was fine.
The dishes with rice are generally not so good.
Eggplant was so-so. Sauce and flavour aren't great.
Fish was not good. I'd avoid.
Pork belly was tender & fatty but not flavourful. There wasn't enough of the pickled vegetable & the sauce was watery.
Portions are large and cheap, but it's very oily & generally short on flavour & other ingredients.
2.5 starsDecent chinese food and service is fast. I think the best selling point is that it seems to be relatively inexpensive, even for a food truck. I wouldn't say anything amazed me, but nothing was disappointing either. If you have a craving for Chinese food then this place does the trickFor cheap, filling foodcart food within walking distance from campus, Yue Kee is as good as it gets.  The portions are huge, the prices are stinking low, and it actually looks, smells, and tastes like Chinese food that you may get at a sit-down restaurant that caters to non-Chinese people (unlike the Lee Ans, whose Chinese food isn't really like authentic Chinese OR fake Chinese).  You get what you order, and there's no second-guessing whether your chicken fried rice is actually white rice with stir-fried chicken and some "fasian" (fake-asian) sauce.
I didn't give it 5 stars because you have to wait a really long time (~10-20min) if you don't call ahead to order.  Call ahead and you'll be happy!
It's like, $2.50 to get chicken fried rice that will fill you up.  AND you actually get chicken.One of the best values in the city, but you get what you pay for.
OK where can you get take out Chinese for $4.50?  Yue kee food truck that's where.  I've been coming to them since grad school 10 years ago and its the same people doing the same food now for at least that long.  Back when I first came here it was $3.00 per entree, but still this is bar none one of the best values for greasy spoon Chinese in the city.  If you are looking for a quick meal though beware that during the lunch or dinner rush they can be extremely busy.  I use to have to call in and then walk over, otherwise you might be waiting 30 minutes or more.  
Yue kee will always have a special place in my heart since they are basically an institution now in university city.  How many more generations of Penn students will have the pleasure of eating really cheap and decently tasty Chinese food on a budget?  Support these guys while they are still able to sling their wok because they won't be around forever.My favorite food truck near upenn. Whenever I'm having a bad day or just want some quality inexpensive chinese food, i come to yue kee! not only are the prices generally all 4-5 dollars, but the quality is so good too. I am a big fan of the eggplant tofu because the sauce is so flavorful and the eggplant is tenderly cooked. I also love the spare rib tips because they're also tender and the bean sprouts that come with it complement it very well. A tip i have is to call before and place an order because it takes about 15-20 minutes to cook so you don't have to wait outside for very long. She is very fast about taking phone calls. Highly recommend for delicious cheap chinese foodtruck food!The food is retardedly good, considering it comes out of what is basically the back of a fucking van.  The Shanghai noodles are cheap and huge, and they make an amazing fried fish with garlic sauce.  
The service leaves much to be desired.  It's run by the angriest Chinese woman I've ever met who isn't my mom, and it's a safe bet that she spits into half the people's food.  Whatever, so long as they don't raise their prices, I'll take it.  Call ahead, and arrive 5-10 minutes after they say the food will be ready.How can I forget about their Tofu and mushroom with beef! It's really worth trying (If you are worried about the protein:vegetables ratio just add some green vegetables for an extra $1)
=====
One great thing I like about Yue Kee is definitely its unbeatable price! While King's Wok charges you about 6 bucks for a meal, at Yue Kee, you can satisfy your hunger at a price of merely $3 (if you order the Yat Mein) The Yat Mein is currently the lowest priced thing on the menu. Although I doubt if it's name can be written in Chinese characters, I decided to give it a try. Turns out pretty good. Just don't try it if you're not an onion-lover.
My top 5 favorites: 1. potato beef with extra veggies. 
This is my all-time favorite. The sliced potatoes are fried and dipped in sauce. I feel it's not nutritionally balanced without the veggies, yet adding vegetables would cost you $1 in addition. 
2. Beef fried rice.
Not the type of fried rice you would expect, but it tastes only better. Unlike most Chinese restaurant places, Yue Kee's rice is fried with shredded onions and bean sprouts.
3. Grandfather chicken
Of the three different types of fried chicken dipped in sauces, I like this one the most.
4. Lo Mein
I haven't tried the Chow Mein yet, but I assume they taste similar. The Lo Mein is cheaper so I always order it.
5. Chicken leg with rice
This one sells out quickly during lunch and dinner times because it's a fast item, meaning you don't need to wait for 20 min get the food. The item comes with two side options: white rice or fried rice. Interestingly, the fried rice is not vegetable fried rice or egg fried rice, it's just literally "fried rice". It also comes with a marinated egg and some vegetables. I believe it's not halal or kosher tho (the gravy they use is probably cooked with pork?) but I believe in most cases the names of Chinese foods don't tell you the ingredients.
可以用普通话和广东话点餐。
真的很佩服这对夫妻的执着和敬业精神。有人说他们服务态度Please note that I'm writing this from my memory of this place, as I no longer live in Philadelphia. Yue Kee used to confuse me with its reasonably high ratings in various Philly dining reviews. I tried a variety of the recommended dishes and found them all to be greasy, greasy, GREASY. This led me to conclude that these reviewers must have never eaten Chinese food or even looked at chopsticks in their life, because most of the dishes were so awful. 
Yet, surprisingly, amid all the greasy, disgusting, strangely uniformly brown dishes, they had a couple gems. Their Singapore noodles are actually hands-down the best I've ever eaten to this day, being lightly curried and non-greasy, with a generous helping of shrimp (not just one or two miniscule rejects from the bait pile). Their stir-fried string beans and stir-fried eggplant are also excellent, but don't get the eggplant with tofu as I did, or else you'll receive a mostly-brown dish swimming an suspiciously pungent black-bean sauce. Strangely, as I recall, most of their dishes came with this bizarre greasy sauce thing the likes of which I've never encountered before or again. I guess the dishes are hit or miss, so order carefully and you won't regret it. In any case, it's loads cheaper than Beijing. The main advantage that Yue Kee holds over all other food trucks in the area is that you can call in your order ahead of time. Usually the line makes this precaution totally worth it.Say what you want about Yue Kee, they do what they're supposed to, and they do it well. Sure the service could be nicer, but the food is cheap and tasty, and that's all one should ask for.
I almost opt for something on the right side of the menu (daily specials) that is generally $4. The beef chow fun gives the most food for the price, but be prepared for a ton of oil. The chickens (sesame, grandfather, general tso's) are decent. My favorite is definitely the eggplant tofu though.
If you get nothing else from this review remember this: call ahead during busy hours. Thank me later.$3.75 for yummy tofu and eggplant w/rice. 
I've been disappointed with some other things that I've gotten here, but the eggplant w/tofu always does it for me.