Ooh! I've been searching for egg waffles since I saw the eggloo place in NYC. I'm so happy I found yummy in philly which sells these. They have many different flavors, I couldn't decide which one to try. The owner told me green tea flavor is very popular and he highly recommended it. I am very happy I got them. I even went back to get two extra one to bring to my family to try. This place is cash only, so bring cash!This is my favorite hole in a wall! First off, it's right beside QT sandwiches so while you're waiting for your Vietnamese sandwich, you can head over here. They have some incredibly cheap, tasty snacks. My favorite is the combo steam buns and the green tea waffles filled with white chocolate.Ran out of boba, and red bean bun when I came here so I got the vegetable and combination buns.. it tasted ok.. not the best steamed buns I've had.. personally I didn't like them that much. but the store was pretty cute and neat. The workers appeared to be pretty niceI return to this place after a four year hiatus. This humble store sells some of the best small breakfast dishes typically found in Hong Kong or Taiwan. From fish ball 魚蛋仔, rice noodle 腸粉 Chinese waffle 雞蛋仔, to Northern Style Tofu 咸 豆花. It is a trip down memory lane for me.It's cheap and delicious. I  love the takoyaki and there are places to sit. A pro is  having fewer customers so I can actually order food, not stand in a long line, and wait forever. A con is, cash only.I've walked by this place so many times, stopping to look in w the window but never venturing inside. Now that they have pics of some food in window I guess I finally decided to check out a new Chinatown experience. I was drawn in by the smell; not of the sweet waffles, but a savory aroma reminiscent of a pho shop.
After a brief language barrier with an older woman, a young girl was able to help me. I got an order of noodles w/ veg, $1.75, pretty tasty, looked like a rats nest of thin fresh wheat? noodles w/bean sprouts and scallions mostly. Also got the turnip cake;really good , interesting texture kinda like a potato latke; and a taro cake, also good.These were 3 for $1.75.
A lot of people were getting waffles and I would definitely try one next time.After reading other reviews I guess I'll try the dumplings ans bubble tea also. They have a few other  noodle dishes and some pancakes and other items that looked/ sounded interesting. Yummy Yummy I definitely will return.Good and authentic Hong Kong style food. The takoyaki is my favoriteYummy Yummy, I got love in my tummy. :)
This is the only place in Chinatown that sell these amazing, delicious cake eggettes! It's OH SO GOOD for only $1.50! 
They do take a little while to make so just be patient. It's worth it. Trust me. 
Warning: They are closed on Tuesdays!Been trying different places for a steamed pork bun and this is the place that I really prefer! Great price and perfect meat portion inside the bun! Friendly service too!
The only problem they don't stock a lot in the steamer.. So if you want to buy a lot you might not get it (Applies to Pork buns only)I have been coming here for different snacks for years. It offers all kinds small portion Chinese snacks/dim sum/food. Try the Hong Kong style waffles!! They remind me of my childhood. But really, if you are in a hurry and want something fast, this is the place to go.I really tried to like this place. Twice I have been disappointed. The first visit they took my order and made the same order to give to a Chinese speaking customer after me even though I've waited 15 min. Today I waited 10 min. while the women heated up the machine. I was the only customer there. Then a group of 8 came while I waited. I watched them make the waffles only to notice it wasn't what I ordered. I asked how long mine would take and her reply was, "It'll take 10 min." She took the order after mine for 8 people even though I've been waiting. I honestly don't expect good customer service in Chinatown, but this unacceptable.This is the perfect snack place in the Chinatown area.  I just wish it were open late at night.  My favorite here is the ham and cheese rolled sesame pancake followed closely by the seafood pancake.  These are usually made to order so they haven't been sitting around under a heat lamp.  Plan on about 10 minutes.  Add some sriracha sauce to the pancakes and you're ready to go.  Thirsty?  Include a fruit bubble tea.  A pancake and bubble tea will run you only about five bucks for this tasty combo!So good! I was walking past with a friend and we smelled something delicious so we checked every store in the block until we found the source and it was Yummy Yummy which lives up to it's name. We had the oreo waffles and the coconut almond waffles and they were both insanely good. Definitely recommend.It's a strange feeling going into another city's Chinatown after being accustomed to your own.  You go looking for anything familiar and that's sort of what I was looking for here versus NY Chinatown.
The menu is small yet simple so that doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing.  
Simply put, the service was solid and the staff was friendly; so plus plus.
The chow fun was pretty good and comes in a generous portion; definitely another plus.
The big fat negative is I'm not a fan of how the plain milk tea is made.  Understandably, the plain milk tea is probably one of their least ordered drinks when it comes to their variety of bubble teas and fruity flavors, it was still incredibly disappointing.  May this serve as a reminder for myself not to order any milk teas here.
Nevertheless, I would still be interested in coming back to have more chow fun for breakfast and maybe try one or two other small dishes.  Fact of the matter is it's an ok place to pop in for a quick breakfast.
Recommendation: Any rice noodle rollsThe bubble waffles are amazing ! Highly recommend. I plan to go back here and try the other items !Gotta love this place. I liked almost everything in there. Some stuff I didn't like because of my own preferences so I won't taking points off for that. But I really love their mixed sauce with noodles, eggies, red bean pudding/jelly, noodles with fish sauce, mixed fruit drinks, man I could go on forever. Best recommendation ever.Best food choice I made in Philly's Chinatown. I got their mango slushie with tapioca and it was deelicious! They make it with real fruit (it's frozen, but it's better than canned) and add a splash of milk (or cream?). It ends up being well balanced and not too sweet. The tapioca was a little on the soft side, but it wasn't falling apart and the coldness of the slushie firmed them up nicely.  
My friend and I also split their steamed buns - one mung bean and one custard. The mung bean was good but the custard looked kinda funny/had  funny texture. I'm pretty sure it was just a result of being steamed but I'd skip it next time.  
Next time I come back, I'm getting the egg waffles for sure.I would only recommend to get their waffles here because that is the only best thing here.  My boyfriend and I tried to order drinks here and they did not have any drinks avaiable. We tried a couple of their banh beo and it just tasted bad. The only think I enjoyed here was their green tea waffle with white chocolate in the middle. Their service was pretty good too.While staying in Philly, my boyfriend and I found that Yummy Yummy serves up Hong Kong style food, street food to be more exact. The shop is small, no seats at all, just a little wall table for you to stand there and eat if needed.
We ordered steamed rice noodles with sweet sauce, curry fishballs, tofu dessert (dou fu fa), green tea egg cakes, soy sauce noodles, milk tea and coffee (be warned that the coffee is actually instant coffee). Although their food isn't as hot as I liked them to be, it's no harm to pop them in the microwave and reheat it for a bit. The food were mediocre, nothing special but we did like the tofu dessert because the syrup was made with ginger, can definitely taste it. A spot I would like to return to when in Philly.Everything on the menu is so cheap and affordable. Came to Pennsylvania for a visit and was craving banh bao. Got the vegetarian, pork and vegetables, and the BBQ bun. BBQ bun was my favorite but they are all good. Also was able to try the green tea and white chocolate egg waffle, also great. Highly recommend for great snacks.The ball waffle from here is the best waffle you will ever hold in your hand and eat. May be one of the best street foods ever invented. Get the green tea waffle with white chocolate. I would eat one of those every day if i could. Serious YUMMMMMMM.
More here: http://www.iloveporkbun.com/post/357455601/meats-on-sticks-and-ball-wafflesYummy yummy is the perfect name for this little Chinatown bakery. I would say their signature item is the egg cakes (which come on 4 flavors, in my opinion the original is the way to go). I have been to most of the Chinatown bakeries and have only found that these egg cakes are sold in Yummy Yummy. As far as their other items, I have tried some of their boba tea. To my surprise it was pretty darn good compared to contemporary tea house places in Chinatown. If you like rich tea flavor in your boba tea then I'd suggest trying it from here. Unfortunately I haven't tried much else at Yummy Yummy, but I'm sure their items are worth trying.We stopped in one morning for a green tea white chocolate waffle. They are cheap and amazing!!!! I wasn't sure what to expect but after I took a bite, I wanted 10 more! Yum! They menu is hard to read, but that's ok.
Later in the day my husband stopped in for curried fish balls. He said they weren't shat he expected, but the flavor is good.The egg waffles are average at best. It comes out pretty ugly though (small pieces everywhere). The one who makes it just shoves the little pieces back in the bag. Also, one of the girls there seems pretty rude because she stared at me after I said thank you and ignored me when I asked for a plastic bag.
The egg waffle (original flavor) has this weird chewy texture inside, and sometimes the batter is still raw. It's unlike what it's supposed to be: cakey and moist inside. It's not cakey at all! Not sure if I'll be coming back here, but I think it may be the only place in Chinatown that sells egg waffles. Maybe I'll give the other flavors a try.Yummy Yummy is an excellent place for take out Chinese treats.  It is located across from the iconic Chinatown arch gates.  The service is very friendly and helpful.  The staff speaks both Chinese and English.  The freshness of the food and prices are very good.   This place has a nice selection of dim sum goodies.  One favorite are the red bean sweet buns.  It has a delicious bun bread with lots of filling.  Most of the buns are worthwhile, but skip the egg custard that has a texture issue.  I love the pork with chives dumplings.    I developed a serious craving for dumplings after a recent vacation in Shanghai and these dumplings fill the need.   The staff can heat up your food if you desire really hot food, but most of the time I just heat up some of the things at home.  Honestly-with a name like Yummy Yummy there is a lot to live up to and they do.   I highly recommend this place for tasty treats, good prices, and kind service.Stop by this place because i wanted a snack. I ordered their spring rolls, green tea and white chocolate waffles, and a order of takoyaki. The place is pretty small so don't expect there would be room for you to sit down and eat. Overall the spring rolls and takoyaki were just meh, nothing really amazing but their egg waffles were great. The green tea waffles were not that sweet and the combination of white chocolate and green tea was a good balance of bitter and sweet. If you would to come here, I recommend getting their waffles.The best turnip cake I have ever had. Good price too! The only thing that needs improvement is their vent.Small nook outside of Chinatown. I am impressed by the variety of foods they have: buns, waffles, scallion pancakes, bubble tea, even takoyaki. Everything is super cheap as well: beware that they only take cash! 
I got the takoyaki ($4), which was very savory and delicious. If I am back in the area I'll definitely visit again to get my Chinese street food fix!!Decent milk tea for $1.75 and chinese crepes dipped in soy sauce (forget what it was called).
Cheap hole in the wall! 
CASH ONLY!Well, we finally made it here when they were open, but they only had the original- no flavors. It was okay. Not too sweet, not too plain. Very poppable. I also got a black milk tea and it was perfect. I'd go back for one of these two items.
Service is nice. Not super fast, but nice. Not a big place and easy to walk right by. No tables inside, just a bar facing the wall with some stools to sit on.This is a take out-to go type of place. They only have 5 seats. Although the place is small, and their bubble milk tea drinks are cheap BUT they have better quality than the other bubble tea shops who sell their drinks with higher prices. I love Love their bubble milk tea with grass jelly.You can smell this place walking up 10th street toward Chinatown, and I mean that in a good way. Their fried cake eggs are poured into a modified waffle maker with little circles in it, not only does it smell good, it looks like fun. It reminds me of the carts in Chinatown NYC that would sell them to passers-by. They had other freshly baked goods for a case of the Chinese munchies. 
Anyway, we picked some pre-packaged red bean balls with sesame seeds (cannot remember the name) and some of the fresh fried cake eggs. For some reason, our two orders completely differed in their texture. My friend's was crunchy and would be able to stand up on its own without drooping--a bad sign. Our order was soft on the inside and upon further inspection, looked a little undercooked. 
Don't get me wrong, the thing tasted pretty good...but the execution was a little off.This is mostly a take out place with only 1 tiny counter to sit. Not many choices when it comes to the food but you can't beat the quality to price ratio so just indulge: taro cakes, dumplings, buns... The usual dim sum offerings with great taste at a dirt cheap price.I've always been curious about this place given its name and wondered if it lived up to the hype and it did! This tiny store has a menu packed with teas, sweets, noodles, and other Chinese treats all very cheap and all cash only. I tried out one of their popular Chinese QQ waffles: the green tea with white chocolate. If you're in a hurry, I wouldn't recommend getting it as it takes several minutes to make. It was fun to eat given its bubble wrap like shape, so it was easy to pop off one of the bubbles and munch on it. I figured that white chocolate would be throughout the waffle but it wasn't, so it was like surprise chocolate bits as I ate it. The green tea waffle isn't pronounced either, despite all that it's still quite good. 
I also had the Thai boba tea, which was a little too sweet for my liking. I would assume that you can ask for it to be a little less sweet at your discretion. What made the visit for me was the shop lady who served me and seemed very sweet. These snacks passed the walking-and-eating test.Yummy Yummy is a hidden gem. Although their bubble tea didn't blow me off my feet, I was smitten by their egg waffles (QQ waffles). I'm more of a fan of the Chinatown in Manhattan since that's the one I grew up with, but I haven't found waffles like these in New York. 
They have flavors like green tea (with or without white chocolate morsels baked into them), chocolate oreo, chocolate, strawberries and creme, and even coconut. My favorite was green tea whereas my friend's was the original one. You can't ever go wrong with the original. 
Aside from the waffles, they have a HUGE variety of cantonese/taiwanese snacks, which are pretty well made. I wish I hadn't eaten beforehand or else I would've gotten everything I could off the menu. Would definitely take the drive for Yummy Yummy again. :)Amazing prices, scallion pancake was pretty good, a little oily, but it had a nice crunch and flavor.It is becoming increasingly hard to find good authentic Hong Kong style desserts; however, this place comes very close. Their QQ cakes are made just right crunchy on the outside but chewy on the inside. Also we ordered a northern style tofu dish that was very tasty. Food quality was very good and it is cheap for the variety of food you are getting. It is a very small shop and seems like only 1 person runs it so wait time increases if it is busy. Furthermore, shop itself is very small and has only bar style seating for 4 people.  Yummy Yummy is on my go to list if I am in Philly again. 
Atmosphere - B-
Service - B+
Food - B+After walking by this place many, many, many times I decided to give it a try.  The egg shell looking pasty (forgot the name) was quite tasty!  It was also piping hot, just freshly made.  My only complaint I guess that it wasn't sweet enough lol.  I have a sweet tooth!! YEAH!!   They also have other dessert items.  The only other item I bought was the plain buns.  They were also good and cheap!  
Happy Eatings!!The time I went was around 6:30 pm on a Friday so they were out of some of the noodle options. But that really didn't matter because of how many other options they had! What really amazed me was how cheap the food was and the quality of it! The customer service here is extremely welcoming and helpful. I ordered the curry fish balls ($1.75), rice noodles with special sauce ($2.00, the sauce is a sweet peanut sauce), thai tea mango tea ($2.75), and green tea and oreo waffle (I think $3.00). So sad this place closes at 7 pm on a Friday! I will definitely come back to try all of their menu options!Got the chocolate ball waffle for $2.75 here. It was awesome and surprising. Each of the inside of the balls were still soft and a little gooey but it was really a nice dessert. You can also get them in plain, green tea with white chocolate and their new flavor, chocolate oreo. Its definitely something I want to go back for!Red bean paste bao. 85 cents!
A bao with sweet filling. Great afternoon dessert. I wish I had a cup of hot oolong or green tea!!!
It is the same dough as the vegetarian version, so I would go straight into the red bean paste. 
The red bean paste is sweetened to the right level (one of the great things about the Chinese bakery). The paste has a concentrated bean flavor and texture. The texture is great, because both the dough and the paste retain the shape when you take a bite. You taste the synergy of flavors. 
Vegetarian bao. $1.15.
Right level of saltiness and sesame oil coating of several leafy greens and bamboo shoots. There are no exotic spices to be safe. It offers a nutritious and a taste delight with a variety of texture. A great choice.
It was around 9:45am on Saturday. Raining. The ladies warmed my bun so it would be ready to eat. They felt so warm to my hands..
The bun is delicate and slightly sweet as it should be, but this vegetarian filling is so tasty without being busy on the palate. 
It is seasoned with sesame oil to compensate for the "meatless" void some might feel. Many vegetarian dishes tend to overdo the oil, but this bun is light thus making it great for dieters.
Have a hot daofu hua (slightly sweet version) and your breakfast is ready to charge you for your day of last-minute shopping.Tried the Yakitori ball, salty tofu jello, and green tea white chocolate waffle. I really love the Yakitori! They are really good, especially when they are freshly made. The other two were okay for me. People working there are really friendly. I will definitely go back!I got some yummy Thai tea Bubble tea :) They've got a ton of flavors so try some out. Friendly staff and a cute little shop that smells amazing.It made from fresh and take about 10 min to ready.  Have to eat from hot otherwise won't crispy. The shell is really good with sauce but the inner part is okay, just squid and cabbage.I live in New York and nothing beats the egg cakes here.  I recommend the Oreo and Pork floss!  The red bean tong sui (porridge) is also great! Will definitely come back.Ambiance:  It is a small space that is pretty bare, but cute.  There is a teeny eating surface on the wall with some thin chairs.  This space seems more decorative than functional.
Service:  There were three girls behind the corner, two were completely preoccupied by what they were putting on the tv.  The third girl was helpful in making the hong kong cakes.  They were all young and there were no language barriers.  One of the major hindrances for non-Chinese speakers is that there were many signs and labels that were only written in Chinese.  We found ourselves being deterred from buying these unknown items and having to ask what several of the items were.
Food:  The original flavor hong kong cake was good, but nothing super exciting.  It tasted like a ice cream waffle cone, and had the texture somewhere between a waffle and a soft pretzel.  I had to try the $1 congee and see what it was like - it was in a small container and had some bits of pork and preserved egg in it.  While you cannot beat the price, but I think it is worth it to pay a bit more for hot congee with higher grade pork and egg.  I got the chive filled dumpling because of hearing good reviews of the dim sum here - TERRIBLE IDEA!  When I offered them to friends, they said that it smelled like trash and brazenly informed them that chive buns always smell that way.  Unfortunately, the trash smell transformed into a rotten fish smell upon the first bite and it became immediately apparent that the chopped up shrimp inside had gone bad and should not have been used.  We immediately threw it out and regretted eating a bite - the rotten seafood smell and taste was difficult to shake.  If you are familiar with Chinatown, you would recognize this smell as the one that wafts in the air on 10th street between Filbert and Race (gross!).
Overall:  I was excited to try this place, but was super disappointed.  The flavors didn't entice me and they used rotten shrimp.  With exception of introducing someone to hong kong cakes, I wouldn't come back.I've only ever come here for the matcha white chocolate egg waffle, which is an absolutely amazing dessert. Deliciously chewy and flavorful, just a great consistency all around. I wish I still lived in Philly because I would certainly be back for the other flavors.
The store is small and doesn't have much space to sit down so don't bring a huge group or else you'll look obnoxious. Also, the menu can be a little confusing, so come having Yelped (hey, you're doing a great job already!)This review is ONLY for the bubble tea.  I added a star to be fair since I really did not have anything else here.  It was very disappointing bubble tea as it was made from powder.  And it was not sweet enough :(.  However, the place was very clean and the service was pretty friendly.  Looking forward to trying some of thier other offerings.  
Heard through the grapevine that their waffles are good, so that will probably be my next trip through :).A good place to grab a quick (and cheap) snack in chinatown. 
I came on Saturday with a non-pork eating friend, so unfortunately I didn't try any of their buns =(. BUT I did try one of their waffles; my friend and I split an oreo and chocolate green tea one! The waffle was pretty good but didn't actually taste at all like green tea, and it was a bit dry. I mostly liked it because it was fun to eat and the pieces with chocolate chips inside were warm and gooey. 
I'll be back to try their green tea w/white chocolate waffle, and one of their meat buns!For cheap trips, make a quick pit stop at Yummy Yummy! They serve Hong Kong style egg waffles that are piping hot and wonderfully chewy. (Slight caveat: the egg waffle are great, but not out of this world...just to set expectations. Their boba milk tea is also delightful, with a hint of brown sugar. Unfortunately, my boba milk tea was not sealed properly and I had to ask the employee to reseal it for me, which she kindly did... but the second lid also gave way in my shopping bag on the way home. Perhaps it is best to consume the boba right then and there in the store to avoid the mess!Very sweet ladies at the store. The waffle is good but very sweet and not too crunchy. I had original and chocolate. The chocolate had some chocolate inside. The buns are OK. They sell raw ho fun  and a lot of other goodiesLove hole in the wall places and especially DELICIOUS/cheap hole in the wall places!
CASH ONLY please though! Because I loved this place so much, I literally would spend at least 25 dollars each time I was here. I loved their curry fish balls, they tasted super "plump" (don't know if that's the word, ha) and juicy, loved their radish cake, their green tea white chocolate "egg waffle", plain chun fan with hoisin and peanut sauce, soy sauce stir fried noodles, duck egg and pork congee and the pork buns! 
MUST TRY if you can make it here, super fresh and the ladies there are also super friendly. Fav. place in Philly besides Tea Do!I got some steamed buns here that were just ok--they warm them up in the microwave.  I think I'll stick with Breadtop House for quick, cheap buns and snacks.Cheap, homey eats. Love the people that work there too. I pretty much love everything on the menu! 
Recommend: green tea white chocolate egg waffle, rice rolls with mixed sauce, takoyaki, all noodlesI always walked past this place and it never got my attention. Until I heard from a few friends that their waffles are pretty good. 
When you walk in, it could be pretty intimidating as the stuff on the menu wasn't anything I was familiar with. I ordered the chocolate green tea waffles and the lady made it right in front of me, it took about 8 min to make. The waffles were only $2.75 and portions where big. 
It tasted amazing and fresh! It is CASH only . I recommend the flavor waffles than the original.Mantous! I just got back from Taiwan and went all over looking for mantous, little plane buns. It's kinda flaky and soft in texture. Anyways, we got the wheat ones and they were small but sooo sooo good. About Fifty Cents each.  We usually buy lots in Flushing, NY, freeze, and resteam when we want them, but now, there is a place.Stopped by here the other day because someone recommended the pudding from here. Good thing they did!
You can find the little pudding cups in the fridge next to the counter. I hear there are 3 flavors: plan, mango & I think green tea. I wanted to try the mango but they were out so I got the plan. Usually I don't like "plan" anything but these were good! $1.75 a cup but it goes pretty quickly.
I'm going to stop by again & hopefully is lucky enough to get a mango one. I also want to try their takoyaki & waffle.This place deserves more recognition! Great place for a quick snack. Got my takoyaki fix yesterday and I'm definitely coming back for moreHidden hole in the wall gem. Truly delicious, authentic, and the nicest Lao Ban lady you'll meet. Can't recommend this place enough. Reminds me of childhood flavors at similar incredibly cheap prices (inflation adjusted of course). I'll come back to this place again and again. Took one bit of their taro cake and had to write this review mid bite- that's how inspiring (and nostalgic) it was. 
I got the red bean bun, sticky rice cakes wrapped in the green leaves, and taro. Everything looks delicious though.
***Post face-stuffing update (ie 3 minutes later)
the mini zhong zi (sticky rice filled red bean wrapped inside green leaves) was the best I've had in the past decade. Maybe that speaks more to my lack of access to good Chinese food, but that sticky rice was so moist and gelatinous and sticky soft at the perfect consistency and perfect red bean paste to rice ratio that it brings me back to childhood memories of my parents making it from scratch.
Run. Don't walk here. Just leave some snacks for me.I got the roast pork with wonton dish with hand drawn noodles. It was delicious and only $6.99. The only thing was that some of the roast pork pieces were dry. 
Also, their dumplings and broccoli are good too. 
I went on a Monday night around 7:30 and I got my food quickly. Good service.Do you smell those waffles? Follow your nose and you will not be disspointed. Chinese waffles are made to order with a choice of original or green tea white chocolate. I absolutely loved the green tea white chocolate, despite me not being a big white chocolate person. They are made to order and served hot. 
Additionally you can get a bunch of dim sum selections made accross the street at Chinatown Noodle Factory. Some highlights: dumplings, chive buns, shrimp rice noodles, and my favorite- pan fried radish cake. 
Also, congee is available for a buck. And last time I was there they had a bucket of phone ornaments that were shaped like food.Located right in the beginning of Philly Chinatown, this place is in a bit of an unfortunate place.  If it wasn't near Philly Chinatown, it would probably do a lot better, but the quality of the food and the pricing just can't compare to most of the shops around the area.  
I'm also a big scallion pancake fan, and although they do them made to order, they lack a lot of scallions, which make them so good to start with.  If you're coming to Chinatown to snack and are trying to sample only the best, I'd probably have to recommend you skip this stop.Good flavor, but the cooking times need to be adjusted and standardized. We ordered two of these, and each one was cooked by a different person. One was mushy and a little undercooked, while the other was hard and crunchy.
I actually liked the crunchy one better...but since this was my first time having these (I don't even know the name), my friend said it wasn't made right. It was supposed to be more fluffy on the inside; unfortunately, that was a tad undercooked!
I'll give it another go. Maybe it was grand opening hiccups?Service is incredibly nice and English-friendly. Although the food is average for the most part, it's incredibly cheap!
Definitely a great place to come if you want to quell that hunger with just a couple of bucks! Cash only.I came here because Hong Kong egg waffles are a childhood favorite of mine. Nevermind that I really like the regular plain flavor, but Yummy Yummy has green tea with white chocolate?? I had to try it! 
I came in, and she happened to be making some.. so I placed an order for the green tea with white chocolate egg waffles. I just love when shops have so many goodies that you just want to try them all! I took a look around and wanted to order more, but I only had limited cash on me so I refrained. I think I might have gotten a taro bubble tea too. It took about 5 minutes for the egg waffles, but my bubble tea was made almost immediately. Bubble tea was alright.. not the best, but Green Tea with White Chocolate egg waffles... amazing!! The first few just taste plain, but wait until you get towards the center where the moist ones with the white chocolate surprises are! I had eaten most of them by the time I got home, but saved a few for Hubby.. and I wish I had gotten another order for him because it was so good. I forget how much it had cost, but it is definitely higher priced that your usual $1 egg waffles elsewhere. 
I look forward to coming back and trying other goodies and flavors of the egg waffles. Yummy Yummy!!Why didn't I know this place makes egg waffles.  "Eggettes" if your from Cali.  We came about 15 minutes before closing and the owners were walking out the door and was locking up.  They nicely re-opened and made us our waffles.  Now that's an example of exemplary customer service.  Kudos to you folks.  We ordered an original and a green tea with white chocolate.  I liked the green tea more than the original.  I can't wait to try the other flavors they offer plus the puddings looked delicious as well.  Their waffles were fluffy, soft, but a bit greasy.  The flavors was yummy!  If your craving for some egg waffles but can't get to NYC chinatown then this is your stop.These gai dan jaih (eggettes) things are fantastic!!! They're so cheap and delicious, it's sweet, soft and fluffy ^_^
I recommend you try the original, then if you like it, try the green tea white chocolate flavor.
But these things take a while to make...they've only got 2 waffle irons and one takes....what about 2-3 minutes to make but the wait is well worth it. If theres ever a LONG line....go next door (SOLO) for a skewer lolCame here just for the ball waffle. It was ok. It's no NYC but if you are craving it, it'll do. It was a bit thick and tough. A bit chewy too. Don't know If I'll be coming back... Maybe when I'm craving ball waffle and I'm not near NYC...One of my favorite places to go to when I'm in Philadelphia. I go mainly for the green tea waffle with white chocolate and takoyaki. Although, sometimes it is overcooked and I can't taste the chocolate melting in my mouth.The takoyaki is flavorful and besides just octopus in it, there is a vegetable. I wish they would restock on the cute takoyaki containers. It is my to go spot for a quick snack and everything on the menu is super cheap. I wish they had this is New York.Absolutely awesome! Quality food, cheap prices, friendly service.... what more do you want??? Try the waffles, bubble tea or any of the hot items. I also got the pork bun but was not too impressed as it had little meat. But it's sold for $1 so I understand. I would personally pay more for a nice juicy bun. 
A definite addition to the list. And please try the takoyaki. You won't regret it!Simple, quick, and yummy Chinese breakfast. Pretty decent + comparable to NYC Chinatown places. The prices are also very affordable and service was super friendly. The food they serve are mostly dim sum and snack like items - (e.g., rice noodles (cheurn fun), turnip cake, taro cake, fish balls, buns, etc). They also serve hot and cold beverages and bubble tea. I ordered a coffee tea ("yeen yurn") it was yummy! Yummy yummy place!Delicious egg waffle! The original is always pleasing, but the other favors are good as well. The waffles take a bit to make but worth it to eat fresh off the griddle.not bad. Good for quick snacks. - i am writing this part becuz yelp says it was too short, and it didnt post it.the pancake balls are a must haveEverytbing they sell taste average. The price is cheap. Small little shop. Great for quick eats. But the only reason why I come here is because they sell little unique things all in one shop. I usually get their Hong Kong egg waffles.We stopped in for a Hong Kong waffle when I was last in Chinatown. I ordered the green tea and white chocolate waffle. It takes them at least five minutes to make each waffle, and they only have one waffle iron, so grab and go is not realistic, here. Like many Chinese sweets, the waffles are not as sweet as you might expect, but mine had a very distinct green tea taste, but not a lot of white chocolate. It was good, but definitely an acquired taste. But I'd definitely go back and try some of their other offering.There are​ so many cheap snacks to choose from. I got green tea and original egg waffles, scallion pancake, taro buns, and tofu. The service was pretty slow but the food was good!Last week I purchased a bag of flat rice noodles from Yummy Yummy. Upon opening the bag, I discovered a DEAD CENTIPEDE. I can only imagine what the kitchen conditions must be like for this to happen. Eat there at your own risk.Fantastic Chinese/Hongkongnese/Taiwanese snacks and brunch food. Cheap, fast and sweety. 
Each snack costs 2-3 dollars and I usually buy a lot back home. They tends to regain most of the favor after microwave. 
The desserts are also above average and cheaper than most restaurants, even in Chinatown!
If you don't care about the food packaging, this is the best place in Chinatown.Had I known about this place earlier, I would've been coming here all the freaking time before evening classes at the uni.  Seriously, they sell a lot of good Chinese eats here on the cheap, including my beloved Hong Kong egg waffles and scallion pancakes, and the ladies that run this place are mega-sweet. A lot of things are made to order, so be prepared to wait.