I've written 3 reviews ever and this is one of them. It's so good and the people are so friendly and accommodating that they deserve a review. The grilled chicken pho is amazing, as are the summer rolls. Great delivery. Love this place!Where's the pho?! Oh yeah. I ate it all. This is place is pho sho legit. Pho rizzle tight. Owners are pho very special.great lunch spot at Temple main campus. I didnt get pho but this rice vermicelli bowl was yummmy too!I stopped by here 3 times over the winter and was pleased each time I went.
Yummy Pho has a small location on Temple's campus. I can't speak about over the summer, but when I went in the winter someone from behind the counter always offered us free hot tea. 
I have only ordered from the special menu written in chalk on a board inside the place, but I am still attaching photos of the main menu. I really liked the curry shrimp that they had. The sauce tasted much better than other takeout places near campus. I will be stopping here again!First time coming here so I'm not sure what to really expect. 
It's really a small area so a big crowd won't do much good anyone. However, it's still decently sized so it's not all that bad. 
The food price is relatively reasonable given the location. Price is comparable to Chinatown and Kensington.
The decor is simplistic, with the wall have some Temple related sports thing from a long time ago, I think it was 1971?
Now for the food. I ordered the pho tai, Vietnamese ice coffee and a shrimp summer roll, which came out to roughly $17. The pho was good. Kinda wish they gave more sauce but I simply could have just asked for more. The summer roll was okay. Not the best but not the worse. I'll probably order it here and there but not regularly even though I always order it at every Vietnamese place i go. The coffee was pretty good. Only complaint I have was the amount of ice so I recommend getting less ice to get more for your money.
Overall, food was good. Place is nice. Close to home so I can always get my cravings quickly.Excellent. New Pho and Vietnamese place that opened up at the north end of Temple main campus on Broad street. Small, cozy restaurant with bar-only seating, but they do delivery too. We ate in and they gave us great service! I ordered the beef pho with rare flank, steak and brisket. It was a huge portion for only $7.95! It was so good that I ordered another dish, grilled pork with rice, for lunch the next day. The rice dish included a huge portion of pork, rice, and vegetables large enough for two meals. Will need to come back again soon. Five starsGreat food and people real nice anytime I try anything new on there menu never disappointsCheap food that tastes absolutely amazing. Perfect for the college student on a budget that doesn't want to break the bank. Highly recommended!!!This restaurant just opened and it's already my favorite Vietnamese restaurant around the Philly area. Has so many options to choose from even when it is considered a take out restaurant. The employees are very welcoming and for sure know how to make customers feel welcomed. My favorite dish is the Grilled pork rice platter. The meat is so tender and has great flavor. It is grilled to perfection and not too dry like most Vietnamese grilled meats.My new favorite spot on campus! I'm very picking when it comes to Vietnamese food and these guys do it justice.The best and ONLY true Pho spot on Temple's Campus has opened, and it's worth the hype. Yummy Pho is fresh and new in the area and I can already tell it will become a hit. The pho is delicious, the bahn mi's are scrumptious, and you just can't beat the decor and the ambience. AND the customer service is awesome!
 I came here in dire need of pho on a cold day in Philly around lunch time after classes, and I was greeted right as I walked in. The space is small but they do have at least 7-8 seats inside near the kitchen/bar (watch them cook, it's amazing) and near the wall. I recommend dining in if possible. The atmosphere is peaceful and I really enjoy the light music and decor. 
I ordered the Pho with brisket, flank, and rare steak, with summer rolls. Another time I ordered a bahn mi and Thai tea with boba. Phenomenal! They also have Chinese food along with the traditional Vietnamese style dishes. 
Overall, this has become one of my favorite new places for pho. Worth checking out.Wow.  Inexpensive, authentic and delicious.  A hard combination to beat.
Little hole-in-the-wall location right next to Temple's campus on Broad Street.  Seating for about 10 people.  Very fresh and refreshing Shrimp Summer Rolls ($4.25 for two rolls each with three large shrimp - frankly, at that price, just pulling out the shrimp for an impromptu "shrimp cocktail" with the provided Sriracha is a great deal, let alone the rest of the roll's ingredients, which were all fresh, too).  Wasn't in the mood for Pho, so had the Vietnamese Hogie with Grilled Pork.  Also delicious (and another "steal" at $5.95).  Vietnamese Iced Coffee with Condensed Milk rounded off the meal.  Would definitely come back.I was staying in the city for a concert, and this place is located very close to Temple University.  The inside is casual, with a limited amount of seating.  Don't expect to take a party of eight here, because it appears to be a mostly a take out kind of joint. There are about ten chairs all together, lining the wall and adjacent counter space.  The food is definitely the stand out here.  My mother and I shared an order of spring rolls with peanut sauce.  Both rolls were very fresh, and thier house peanut sauce was delicious as well.  My entree consisted of grilled pork bahn mi ,and a bowl beef pho, while my mother ordered veggie pad thai.  The pho really had a deep rich flavor, with hints of the usual anise and Vietnamese spices. The well done brisket was cut properly, with no fat attached at all. The bahn mi was good as well. The pork wasn't grisley like some places, and the house made(I'm guessing) French bread was quite tasty. My mom loved her veggie pad thai as well. Presentation was nice too, everything was brought out on its own individual tray.  The service was acceptable as well. The owners/cooks were very friendly and accomadating. Everything was brought out promptly.  If you want a water refil, you may have to walk ten steps to ask, but no big.  The prices are also very reasonable.  If in the area, I'll definately be back, and I recommend anyone check this place out.Friendly staff. Food came out quick and tastes really good. The only downfall is the lack of seating for dining in. I got the chicken pad Thai!Who knew you could find inexpensive, authentic pad thai in the middle of North Philly! The thai food is spot on as is their selection of chinese entrees (I had the general tso's chicken). I haven't had the Pho, but it always looks delicious when I come in. One of my favorite new places around Temple.This place makes some seriously delicious food. We've had the pho, the bánh mì, and the Cantonese stir fried noodles (Drunken Noodles) and all of them have been next-level awesome. 
Great fresh bread on the hoagie, wonderfully seasoned meat, fresh veggies. Local favorite!I love this place! Pho is delicious.. also the Thai fried rice. Staff is super friendly and go out of their way to make you feel at home. I came in this evening & before even ordering one of the cooks in the back starting preparing the grilled shrimp for my usual shrimp pho. He confirmed that's what I wanted of course but I love that they remember their customers & are sure to let you know they do. Super quick, delicious, there's so many pho places in the city but this is my favorite simply because of the friendly staff and welcoming environment. Thank you guysLoved the pho! A great reliable place to grab a quick bite especially on a cold day! Great location and very reasonably priced.There's so much charm to the naming of certain Asian restaurants. It doesn't get more straightforward than YUMMY Pho. What do they serve? Pho! How does it taste? It's Yummy! This is my local pho stop which is always needed when recovering from a hangover. The proximity to Temple doesn't translate to the spot being infested with college kids. To the contrary, with only about 8 seats, I never see the spot packed full. And that's ok, I like to hop in, pull up, order my bowl, water, and tea and not have too much going on around that process. The broth is flavorful, the noodles just right and the atmosphere is warm with the family running the business.Don't go here if you want HAIR with your dish. And after me and my boyfriend called attention to the owners that hair was in fact in his plate, they refused to take responsibility at first. I had to damn near argue and demand a discount before we were given one. Very unprofessional and sloppy.Excellent food, super fast, with a veggie broth option (great for my vegetarian friends while I happily eat steak pho). Perfect for takeout on a week night. Also, incredibly friendly family run business with great service. My new favorite spot!Very disappointed. They have a sign that says "please notify us of any food allergies". I have allergies to gluten and dairy. I was told the only thing I can have is soup, even though there are a lot of rice and vegetable options on the menu. Since it is so hot out, I didn't want soup but the guy pretty much just shrugged his shoulders. My mom ordered a platter which took over 30 min to receive. At one point, she asked for her money back and was then told it would be ready in 5 min. They have only 1 person working when apparently it is a popular spot. Before leaving, the guy was asked if everything is marinated. He said the only thing marinated is the chicken, not the beef or seafood. However, none of that was mentioned when I wanted to order something.Best pho I've ever had. Fantastic service and the food is very authentic for a good priceI went for lunch and have special dietary restrictions.   There is a sign that says "mlease notify us if any food allergies".  I told the man taking orders that I have a wheat allergy and he said that everything is made with soy sauce.  I asked if he can make me something without itbsnd he said the only thing you can have is soup.  I told him I don't want soup and he shrugged his shoulders as if to say "oh well"
Mind you, they have rice noodles and rice. And they make everything to order.  He could have made my grilled chicken and noodles or rice. 
Why have the sign if you're not going to accommodate people with allergies?!?i love this place and am so sad i dont live near it anymore. it is definitely small inside so i typically get it to go, but the pho is amazing, i have not had a bowl i dont like. it is run by a family too who are very nice and always accommodatingBy far this is my favorite Pho place in the city.  I usually order the shrimp Pho.  The broth is nice and flavorful but the best part is the grilled shrimp.  The shrimp is a nice size and has a good grilled taste.
I generally order in Grubhub and you can count on a speedy delivery.  Ordering directly from Yummy Pho also has a speedy delivery and a bit less expensive.  
When going the location is usually crowded but there is a great reason why, the food is absolutely Yummy (sigh I couldn't resist lol)!Authentic and delicious, also very fast service if they aren't too swamped. However, it's expensive and gives you smaller portions than some other places. The price is worth it if you're looking for quality and authenticity.Tasty Pad Thai, decent prices, cool little cozy counter sit down area. Food came out quick and the service was nice. Tried this place because the prices were respectable and the star count was among the best in the area. I have to say it lived up to that.Hit the spot. Close to Temple U and u can use your diamond dollars. Fast tasty and friendly people. Great portion size for the price.Stumbled upon this little gem by accident in desperate need of my go to shrimp fried rice. Not only was that dish by far the freshest I have had in years it lead me to see what else they had to offer. 
Being a lover of pho and kinda picky about where it comes from (because there is no shortage of pho spots in Philly) their grilled chicken pho is by far THE BEST I have ever had.  The portions and the flavor are well worth the price point , which is not bad at all. 
Always fresh and you can eat inside their quaint little space which is always clean.Authentic and amazing! The owners are also very personable and kind. The Pad Thai and pho is the best I've ever had and I won't look elsewhere ever! I have a gluten and dairy allergy and they're very accommodating. Everything is made from scratch so they're experts at ingredients and knowing what they need to do to make it work for me . I usually go once a week with my sister it's that good! She's not free this week so I'm bringing my friends along. It's also very affordable for a student - I consider it my treat for the week. Thank you for a great food experience every time!I am in LOVE with the Pad Thai Chay. It's so good-- lots of flavor and always made very well. I also really liked the vegetable pho. The food here is delicious. They make nice boba, too. I would highly reccommend eating in the restaurant. It's a great experience. Easily my favorite place to eat on Temple Campus.So good! Very cute place, ordered Banh Mi, Pho, and Pad Thai as take out, and it was ready very fast. With a complimentary cup of tea while u wait.  The Banh Mi pork, was soooo good! Exactly what I was craving. crunchy bread, sweet and salty marinaded pork. The Pho hit the spot, not as good as moms back home, but satisfied the craving Pho sure. Pad Thai was a last min addition after reading reviews and I was so glad I did it.As a Vietnamese person who tried many many places, this place rank highest on temple's campus. The place is very small yet the bowls feel very home-y. I can hear the Vietnamese family bickering in the kitchen which reminds me of my very own family. The portion is kinda small, meats are very skimpy and super thin but I'll give it 4 stars since it's better than the other places around Temple.Great foods and not to expensive. Chefs are nice . I found the new place to eat pho. :) Specially when you come in on the winter, you will always have free hot tea.I can't stress enough how much I LOVE this place!!!! 
pros: 
- everyone is so nice!!
- vegan inclusive w a lot of variety !
- sensitive and accommodating to allergies! 
- everything always tastes amazing (I've only ordered vegan but I've ordered a variety of dishes and they were all perfect)
- actually v much not that expensive at all
- they often give you free tea as you're waiting, even if you just got a takeout order!
- adorable & comfy seating area if u want to dine in
- they even have lil candies at the counter 
- I've never had to wait longer than 15 mins
cons:
- I'm worried I'll spend too much of my money going here too oftenVery nice place for some good food. I tried the vegetable pho and the steak banh mi, both were delicious and very filling. You are greeted in the door with fresh black tea and then served at the little bar they have. The workers are very nice and welcoming so it was a nice surprise to get treated well at a little hole in the wall restaurant. Recommend if you're looking for some cheap but very tasty Viet food in the city. Especially if you're a student on campus. It's close by and very accessible.Can't stress how awesome this place is from the quality of the food to the owners. I've been coming here since they opened and the owners are some of the nicest people you will meet. Seriously so nice, they will customize any order for you and give you tea or water if you don't have a drink and are eating in. 
Food is A+, my go to spot if I want to eat lunch or dinner, sometimes breakfast even too, that's how good Yummy is. I wish I could eat there for breakfast every day. The Pho warms you up from the inside out and is always amazing. If you enjoy the pho, I highly recommend trying their other soups, particularly the Bun Bo Hue (so, so good). 
What most people don't know is that this place has many great dishes beyond Pho. The Pork Banh Mi is a MUST try, the pork is so juicy and flavorful with delicious and sweet char-grilled flavor. Both refreshing from the herbs and fresh veggies they put in it and incredibly satisfying at the same time. 
Their Spicy Thai Basil Fried Rice is, without a doubt, the best fried rice you can get on campus and some of the best I've tasted during my time here in Philly, I'd eat it for every meal if I could. Their other rice dishes are delicious as well, honestly you could close your eyes and pick any random dish from the menu and it would be delicious. I recently tried their new Cantonese style noodles and didn't stop until I had cleaned the plate.
These guys know what they're doing and I'm glad that I found this gem. Super happy they've been getting a ton more business lately, it's much deserved.I lived right across from yummy pho for a year and realized it's the best place for pho noodles around temples campus. Honestly would try other places for anything else but definitely stop here for the soup!Ordered for delivery -- the summer rolls (with shrimp) and the grilled chicken pho with the beef broth! OH-EM-GEE! Let's talk about the flavor goodness of the charcoaled grilled chicken with the delicious broth! Ugh! Love ordering from this place when I need a PHO FIX! 
BTW, calling the restaurant for delivery is a bit less expensive than using grub hub. I had to have cash-- which luckily I did!P10-the pho with grilled pork- smacks to the heavens. Fairly priced, pretty efficient service. And they take diamond dollars! Food is 10x better if u dine in (if u can find a seat, definitely limited) but can't go wrong either wayThis is my favorite Pho in Philadelphia! It's so good. I have continually order their pho for almost a week! So addicted to it, even cok can't be that addicted!The place is small but clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful if you need anything. The food was great with pho rivaling Chinatown. Prices were cheap considering the amount of food you get. Definitely will eat here again!I ordered the drunken noodles. While the noodles were good, it was definitely not the typical drunken noodles that you think of. It tasted much more like Lo Mein, with larger noodlesSteamed vegetable dumplings: it falls apart, the dough doesn't hold the filling at all although the filling is good. Most of them went to the trash. Don't get it.
Summer rolls: 95 percent noodles, disappointing. I had shrimp and tofu. The sauce is pretty good.
Drunken noodles: super greasy, I had burnt chicken, noodles sticks together. Another disappointment.
Chicken pad thai is the only one that is decent, not much meat, mostly noodles. My coworker had the shrimp version and there are only five shrimps.
Chicken broccoli with rice: 70 percent is rice. Not much of the chicken and broccoli.
I won't order again.Don't listen to that negative review below me  (that is, if you're sorting from newest to oldest review) because this pho was DELICIOUS! Decided to try something new and got the grilled pork pho and *chef kiss* it was sensational. Also tried the crispy shrimp spring rolls and I am still thinking of that tantalizing, sweet, fish saucey sauce that came on the side. Definitely will be ordering again - the perfect winter mealYummy Pho is a super laid back spot. There is a raised bar type area with about 7 or so stools. This is a great place to come for a chill bite with bae or a friend. Also, it's a great place to order to go or for delivery. 
It was clean, but it was a little smokey inside. The smoke was obviously coming from the kitchen. It's such a small spot so it was easy for the smoke to fill up the place. It wasn't overpowering or anything though. Just a nice grill smoke. 
I ordered the grilled shrimp pho. The shrimp came out on a small plate separate from the broth, which is smart (so it doesn't overcook). The grilled shrimp had a nice grill flavor and was cooked perfectly. The pho had a nice aroma and was flavorful and filling. 
Pricing is good. My pho was 9.95 I believe. The service was also good. As soon as we ordered a man came and moved the plates left by someone else and wiped down the area for us.
Overall it was very yummy pho (as the name states) and it is a nice chill spot for my boyfriend and I to visit. I will definitely return!This place is amazing. Very worth every penny spent, and it's a great price too. The ambiance is great and the people are really nice. Would recommend 10/10the people at yummy pho are really nice and the food is amazing and portion sizes are awesome!! 10/10 recommend! yart! :DI was feeling super below the weather and a friend recommended I try pho for the 1st time. When I got my order I was very confused and overwhelmed. But my friend took me under his wing and upon mixing all of the neatly manicured vegetables my sore throat was relieved :) Felt like some Desi home remedies no lie.Seems to be my college bound Son's fav place to eat. Probably because this Pho fixes any hangover!  
Honestly, a whole in the wall Gem! Try it.Great pho with giant bowls! Great prices and friendly service. Their pork with rice was good as well. Thai iced coffee is standard but enjoyable. Would recommend.Pad Thai w/chicken was delicious with huge portion size.  Great value and quick service.My studio is in temple town and getting Pho delivered on uber eats is expensive. I've had the vermicelli and a bubble tea. The vermicelli can always get my money. However, the bubble tea was horrible! They have amazing service and I'll keep eating there.This place is so good! I usually get chicken and rice when I go. They give you a decent amount and it's not expensive at all. I love ordering from here for dinner because I can take the rest for lunch the next day!The pho broth here is absolutely delicious. It's definitely one of the better pho places that I've tried. 
However, my biggest issue with this place is quality control. Before I tried this place I read through the reviews and looked at pictures to see portion sizes and whatnot. 
When I received my bowl of pho I noticed right off the bat it's a very small portion. Only half of my bowl was filled. Whereas the person sitting next to me (who ordered the spicy soup) had a full bowl! What the heck?
I later compared my portion to pictures on Yelp and saw that they seriously skimped on the broth. My bowl was only filled 2" from the top, whereas a normal serving at nearly every other Pho Restaurant the bowl is filled to 1" from the top. 
I have attached a picture comparing my bowl to a bowl someone posted a few months ago. 
I paid $8.91 for my bowl of pho (+$1.10 tip), which is very pricey when you're only getting half the bowl like I did! $10 for half a bowl of soup is a scam.
I also got very little sprouts with my order, only one small sprig of basil, and one lime wedge. I've been to about 4 other Pho places around the area and they give two to three times the amount of sprouts, two sprigs of basil, and two lime wedges. 
This place could have easily been a 4 or 5 stars because the pho is tasty, but I do not trust them to give fair portion sizes. They are charging you more for food below the standard amount. You're getting ripped off.LET ME TELL YOU!!! This is one of the best pho in Philly, especially Temple area. Pho saigon, pho 75 are some of my favorites but this little place is up there with the big boys! Their pho to-go comes in the perfect size bowl and makes it so easy to just pour your soup in and eat. I always get the pho tai and the meat is always sliced perfectly thin. I really enjoy their rice (com thit nuong) as well although it's not traditional broken rice. All the workers that i've come into contact with have been over the top sweet and nice to me so I love supporting this business. As a native Vietnamese person this pho is Vietnamese approved!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!This place is amazing. I have been coming here since they opened which is 3 years ago. I consider myself someone with lots of Vietnamese food experience and I know a good Vietnamese spot when I find one. This is that spot !!! No place in Philadelphia makes food like them. I am not exaggerating I have been eating here for three years and I have never had a bad experience!!! Great people making great food who will never lose my business !!i love this place and its pad thai and pho. have a great day and on the bubble tea great tooNothing Yummy about this. Most bland pho I've ever had. On top of that, the vegetables had spots all over them and I found a hair in my soup. I wouldn't come back here if they paid me to. Terrible.I got the bun bo hue (spicy noodle soup) and mango boba tea. The tea was really good, nice mango flavor and soft, fresh tasting boba. Only complaint with the tea was that the boba clumped together quite a bit. I got takeout so the broth and the dry ingredients were separated. The broth for the soup was good, pretty spicy, the noodles were fine, only thing I didn't like was the meat. There was beef in the dry ingredients bowl with the noodles and two slices of Vietnamese sausage in the broth. The beef was pretty bland and the flavor it did have wasn't great, the sausage wasn't my favorite either but I'm not a fan of most sausage so that might just be me. I ended up picking out all the meat and throwing it away. It also came with a bag of bean sprouts, basil, hoisin sauce, sriracha(?), and a lime slice to add to the soup which was nice. Overall the soup was decent but I would have liked to not have the meat.We had a superb meal from Yummy Pho. We ordered a couple of bowls of pho (thinly sliced rare beef, chicken), fried pork dumplings, and a couple of classic banh mi sandwiches. They were absolutely delicious. Because of the pandemic, we ordered online and a nice gentleman delivered the food within 40 minutes. On top of all of that, it was pretty inexpensive. We will definitely order from this place again!This place has a very authentic atmosphere and food selection. The owner and workers are all very tentative and make coming to eat at Yummy Pho a great time.Our daughter who is a senior at Temple took us here. This is the best Pho I have ever had. Excellent service. Fresh. I will go back when I am in town.Went here for the first time Wednesday evening with my two sons. Ordered a rice platter while they had the drunken noodle special and pad thai. The food here is amazing! So flavorful and filling. Also tried bubble tea and loved it. The restaurant is a bit small but there are take out and delivery options. The workers are so very kind. This place exceeded my expectations. Definitely will try the pho next time!A little guide for my reviews in general. Three stars means anyone will be happy here for lunch, especially if they are in the area. Four means you might want to go out of your way to come here. Five means the food is the entertainment for the evening. I feel the need to specify that in this case because Yummy Pho was a delicious lunch and a great addition to the Temple area. I hope students and residents alike regularly visit here because it deserves to be around for a while.
The grilled pork bahn mi I got plus the summer rolls were great. The bread left a bit to be desired in the sandwich. The staff was friendly, but the space was a little smokey, so ventilation needs a bit of work. Nevertheless, a solid lunch spot in the area. Recommended.Cozy quick-stop spot. I had a regular bowl of pho (P1) and it was one of the better pho's I've had. Food came out in 5 mins. This place is great! Don't come in a large group as the seating is restricted to bar seats and is very sparsePho is one of my favorite foods, and when me and my family were visiting Temple for the first night, we were unfamiliar with the area. A long day of packing in, getting supplies, and just getting off of an exhausting airplane trip; we found Yummy Pho and decided to try it. What we were served (I got the Pho Tai?) was delicious. It was exactly what we needed, and the quality of the food was excellent. I recommend eating here if you want a bowl of Pho, or even a nice serving of any type of Vietnamese food.True to it's name, everything was super yummy. Great pho and banh mi, super fast, very affordable. We'll be back!The beef is yummy yummy in my tum tum, & the Vietnamese Iced coffee gives me a will to live. Come here or else!I'm a senior at temple and I've loved yummy pho all 4 years! Always reliably delicious, close to campus, and a great value for the price. It was even open for takeout during covid. I usually get pho tai, but I've also had their drunken noodles with chicken and tried some of their bubble tea. I always take my friends from out of town when we want some good takeout, and they always love it too.Ordered pho tai and the grilled pork banh mi. They were both very average. The pho broth wasn't the best pho I've had in philly and would say it's very average. The grilled pork banh mi was super burnt, dry, and the baguette was stale. I probably would not order from here again.This is the last pho place on campus after pho ha closed down. I was excited to try this place. It's very small inside and it got very hot and smoky. There's a couple seats to dine in, and there's also a park bench outside. 
I ordered a grilled chicken Banh mi and I was highly disappointed. The baguette wasn't a baguette, it tasted and felt like old hoagie bread. The grilled chicken was charred and made the sandwich very, very dry. My friend also had the bubble tea and he said that it was basically lots of sugar and water. Unfortunately, I won't be trying this place again.