date night with girlfriend here was perfect. i wouldn't say im so much a foodie but i love to eat good food. 9:45 reservation, walked right to our table. exceptional service from start to finish. Jeff was our server he was great. we both did the 39$ plAn and we started with humus tahani and the most amazing phenomenal soft warm pita bread. next we each chose 2 small plates (fried broccoli, cucumber and yogurt, short rips and potatoes which melted in my mouth, and chicken pastilla!) they were perfect and filling. they also served us side mediterterannean salad items (carrots, zucchini, etc) lamb and beef kofte followed these. incredible and the most amazing flourless frozen almond chocolate cake and some kind of amazing ice cream.... well basically, im a 25 yeAr old student and it was a pleasure spending 122$ on a fantastic meal in an incredible atmosphere with a pretty ambiance with above average service. would most definitely recommendCan't say enough good things about Zahav! This restaurant is an amazing experience from start to finish. Tucked back behind a Rtiz Theatre and Positano Coast, this isn't a place that would normally would stand out, but word has travelled far and wide that this is a must try restaurant in Philly at this point. 
We went in two of the last three years for my wife's birthday and couldn't have left happier. They do every aspect of a restaurant experience right. The servers are all really friendly, and explain what every item is for those of us who's only experience with Israeli food is Zahav. The bartenders treat you like family and take great care of you when dining at the bar. Chris, who was waiting on us from behind the bar last night, was tremendous. He explained everything in great detail, took my wife's dietary restrictions and immediately pointed out three things we'd want to avoid on the menu, and took my love for Bluecoat Gin and instantly had a drink in mind for me, which was delicious. Plus, he was good to chat with for the very short period between courses. 
The food is all so different from what I'm used to, but I am yet to try something here that I didn't love. For example, I've never eaten hummus (I know, not that scary) other than the two visits I've had to Zahav (it's a choice I've made, also won't touch tofu or turkey bacon for example), but when I'm here I'll go for it and it's just delightful. When you consider the fact that when you order the tasting with another person you are going to eat literally about 20 different items in that sitting. There should be something that completely grosses you out, but it just doesn't happen for some reason. You sit there wondering if there could be anyone there not loving their experience. It's that good. 
Some things I loved:
-The hummus, both their traditional tahina and the warm Turkish. Delicious with that bread fresh out of the oven. 
-The crispy grape leaves. Never enjoyed one as much as these. Nice little kick of heat in them as well.
-The grilled Haloumi. This cheese, if you haven't tried it, is a game changer. I honestly didn't even realize it was a cheese when I ordered it, but then instantly remembered the last place I had it, which was Kanella, as soon as I bit into it. So good.
-The fried potato. Super crispy. Super delicious. 
-The branzino. The fish has a perfectly crispy skin on top, great flavor, and the tzatziki just adds to it. 
If you like trying different foods and thinking spending a little extra for a perfect dining experience is worth it, this is somewhere you want to be.As a foodie, I spend a lot of time researching places to eat whenever I visit new cities. I did a last minute trip to Philly and did not really have time to do extensive research. Shame on me.
Luckily, my friends told me about Zahav as I was riding the Amtrak to Philly. I immediately went on OpenTable to book a seat for 1. Surely I could get a table for 1. Well.. nope. The restaurant was full. I looked at a bunch of Yelp reviews and learned that you had to book this restaurant 3 months in advance.  
Well, I decided to walk in and try my luck. After all, Anthony Bourdain did eat here and it is one of my life goals to eat at all the restaurants that he has eaten at.
As soon as I checked into my hotel, I wasted no time in heading to Zahav. I got to the restaurant around 6:30pm and saw a lot of people waiting. Oh no... would I have to wait too? Well, the host led me straight to the bar where there was an open seat. I felt as if I had just won the jackpot!
I settled in my seat and ordered a glass of wine. The bartender that took care of me was absolutely fantastic! I was sitting next to some awkward dude who was eating alone, and we happened to order the same thing. He happened to order before me so his food would come out first, then mine would come out 10 min later, and they were quite similar. I promise I wasn't copying him!
I've never had Israeli cousins before, the only thing I knew was that I would not eat pork. That was the extent of my knowledge. The bartender suggested that I do the "taste of zahav", which consists of a 4 course meal, with multiple dishes in each course. He suggested that I should take it easy on the appetizers, so that I could focus on eating the main course. After all, the appetizers were  easily packable to bring home. The course cost $48, and is a great way to taste everything. You can also do wine paring for an additional $36. Let's dive into each course:
Course #1: salatim & hummus with laffa. Salatim means salads- you get 6 different small salads such as cabbage salad, eggplant salad, green bean salad etc. These were good. The hummus was amazing, there are 3 types to choose from. I had the daily hummus, which had some chicken in it. The bread that comes with the hummus is AMAZING. I almost died. It was so soft and pillowy and fluffy.... Yum. I had a really hard time not eating the whole bread, because I needed to save space for the rest of the courses. 
Course #2: 2 mezze. You can pick 2 small dishes from the menu. I picked the fried cauliflower and haloumi. The dark hearts are quite a popular dish, the guy next to me had it... I am not a fan of eating hearts but if you like hearts, I hear its good here. Both dishes were good. The haloumi was amazing, it came with blueberries and pistachio, which sounds like a weird combination, but actually tasted fantastic. 
Course #3: Al Ha'esh- grilled dish over coals. I had the grilled branzino. To be honest, I was quite full at this point but ate the whole thing. The skin was nice and crispy, the fish was soft and tender.
Course #4: Desert. I had grilled peach with sherbert, and za'atar shortbread.  The shortbread had a nice twice to it, it tasted different from Walkers' shortbread. 
The waiter packed all my leftovers for me in separate containers... which I ate that night before going to bed. 
I had a wonderful experience here and can't wait to come back. Remember, if you walk in by yourself, you might score a seat at the bar with minimal wait! Or else, make your reservation exactly 3 months in advance!I think about that Vanessa Carlton line: "you know I'd walk a thousand miles..." After I booked my recent trip to Philly the next thing I did was to book this restaurant. What an amazing place! Spectacular food and service. The lamb shoulder with pomegranates and chickpeas is indescribably delicious and I will never forget that first mouthful. Fanatical, yes but go and you will understand.Like another reviewer, I had been a bit underwhelmed by my past RW weeks-rushed in and out of places like Butcher & Singer, eating off very limited menus, slow service, etc, etc.  I went for lunch with a friend at Zahav for restaurant week and the experience could not have been better. 
For one, the service was fantastic. My friend and I are both students, and normally are given crappy service as a result. At Zahav, the waiter could not have been more patient, explaining each menu item and its flavors. The owner came over in the middle of our meal to ask how it was going as well as at the end of the meal to make sure we had had a great meal. Our meal was the definition of relaxed comfort-I described the atmosphere to one of my friends as 'like a neighborhood place'.
In terms of highlights, the salatim definitely stands out as a can't miss; a large selection of tasty small dishes. There wasn't a bad dish among the ones we had, each unique and full of flavor. My friend basically devoured the hummus, so I have to assume it was good. The potato latke with salmon was also great; it's the kind of dish that you're sad when it's over because it was that good. The duck kebab kind of looked like a 'duck hamburger' in a small patty; I didn't taste the pistachios in it but it still tasted great.
Perhaps the only not amazing part (of which the service more than makes up for) was the dessert. The pistachio cookie of my caramel semifreddo was very tough, although the flavors were good. my friend had the baklava and didn't like it as much as the regular dishes. 
All in all, I would gladly pay non-RW prices; it was a fantastic experience and I can't wait to come back soon.Wow!! Sometimes I'm not a fan of tapas places because I feel like it's not nearly enough food for the price you pay, but I was told this restaurant was mandatory for a Philly trip so we went on a whim, no reservations, nothing. 
1. Make reservations! We got lucky because we walked in at 10:00 PM and the restaurant closes at 11, so we actually got seated in 15 minutes, but it seems like it would be impossible at normal hours without reservations.
2. Customer service was FANTASTIC. Our server gave great suggestions, didn't rush us, and had a smile on his face until we finally left at midnight. 
3. For small plates, the portions are actually pretty decent. We ordered way too much on the menu so my suggestion would to start with 2 plates per person and see where it takes you. The hummus and salatim are huge portions so start with those for the table and take your time ordering. 
Will definitely be recommending this restaurant to friends visiting Philly!Believe the hype. I made a reservation for my 2 year wedding anniversary and Zahav made it simply magical. 
We ordered from the Tayim tasting menu. Everything was delicious, my husband loved everything and that is enough for me because he is the pickiest eater I have ever met. The service was excellent, gracefully walking the line of attentive and annoying, the best dance I have ever seen for sure. 
We started with complimentary pickled salad and champagne :-) Awww. Everyone knew it was our Anniversary it was adorable how many people congratulated us, this made the night truly special. 
Salatim was simple and delicious, the hummus was amazing. We ordered the krispy grape leaves*, house smoked sable**, fried potato**, and my favorite the crispy haloumi***. We also were able to taste the Cauliflower, thank you chef! We were already stuffed but ate the entire entree anyway! For the entree we enjoyed the Branzino and the Spiced Eggplant. The Branzino was cooked absolutely perfectly, crispy skin with firm but moist meat, and anyone who can make Eggplant equally delicious is a culinary god. 
Thoroughly impressed. 
Thank you for the great anniversary :-).Awesome place!! Went here for my birthday and was not disappointed. The first time I went it was just me and my girlfriend and we thought it was eh. It is better with a larger group and the tasting menu is a must. The hummus is as authentic and tasty as it gets! The service is excellent as well.This was not a favorite a little overpriced and the food quality was decent not crazy good as everyone talked about.  I'm willing to give it another chance but there are far better Middle Eastern restaurants in Philly.5 Star Service - Hostess got me chair to wait out my no reservation appearance, got me a drink, and charged my iPhone! Waiters all remembered my name. So impressed.
Food was amazing. The $45 tasting menu is a great deal! I didn't get that - but I had the Duck Hearts, Crudo, and Branzino - because I'm annoying Californian - no carb - paleo ....I know.
Since I sat the bar, I read the mini-bio on the Chef in his cookbook.... teared me up right away.
I am so glad I didn't sleep in prep for a 6am flight outta Philly the next morning. So glad I dragged my lazy ass out of the hotel to check out this restaurant recommended by my co-workers in our local office. I can't wait to come back!!It was my first time at Zahav and it was also  during restaurant week. I actually called a week in advanced to make a reservation but they were booked. I made a reservation at another restaurant instead. I decided to test my luck and go to Zahav anyway to see if I could at least get a seat at the bar. They were able to accommodate us within minutes of walking in.
 The food was the best food I've ever eaten. I've been to Israel countless times and it was extremely close in taste. I was shocked when I saw lemonnana on the menu. Along with haloumi. It was the best haloumi I've ever had. 
The service was just as excellent. Gabriel was our server and was extremely attentive. The manager, John, also came over and spoke with us and was very nice. Gave us his card and a coupon for our next visit. We will definitely be using that the next time we come in. Hopefully it's soon because I a dying to taste that coffee dessert again.This is probably the best hummus in the world.  And the drinks are spectacular, especially the British Mandate.  I had one of my most enjoyable meals here, it was about 2 hours and eating, relaxing and good company.  We were not rushed through the meal and everything was delicious, even the rabbit!Love love love Zahav.
I went here for my birthday a few months back and was treated to the tasting menu. Each dish that came out ended up being better than the last. However, the dessert was almost unnecessary; I was so ridiculously full that I couldn't justify eating the good, but unmemorable dish. 
Highlights:
- Salatim: absolutely fantastic.  Do. Not. Pass. This. Up. The salads were all unique and flavorful, but the one that really sticks out in my mind was the beet salad. Yum!
- Hummus: the hummus was delicious, but the bread used for dipping honestly was what really made my taste buds happy
- Fried Cauliflower: Probably the only time in my life I've enjoyed eating cauliflower
- The Farsi: Wow. By the time we got to this, I was already full, but still fought my boyfriend for the last bit of it. Seasoned and cooked perfectly
The service here is amazing as well. Very professional and attentive. I don't exactly understand the safari-looking garb, but hey, whatever floats Zahav's boat.
I plan on taking advantage of the wonderful happy hour Zahav offers too: $3 wine and beer and half price hummus. woo hoo!Definitely one of my favourite restaurants in Philly! Been here 2x and both trips to Zahav have been phenomenal. Ambiance is great - not too stiff and formal. Nice music too. Food is topnotch. Menus change but their hummus spread (with other appetisers) is just the perfect way to start a meal. Get the duck hearts. Haloumi + strawberry vinaigrette is a clear winner. Everything is just good.My first restaurant experience since moving into Philly...Def not a bad choice.
Ambiance: Zahav has a very rustic and modern look. Gives off a very good vibe. The only (slight) negative here was the choice of music playing. I came with my girlfriend at 9pm and they were playing songs like "I got 5 on it" and Wiz Khalifa...Easy fix, but it took away from the feel of the place a bit.
Service: Top quality. No complaints. They were very helpful and knowledgeable. Everyone that approached us seem to be very happy working at Zahav.
Food: We did the tasting menu which had everything we wanted to order. Unfortunately, the lamb shoulder (one of the favorites at Zahav) was sold-out. Regardless, the food was excellent. Highlights include the Crispy Haloumi (fried cheese), Crispy Lamb Tongue (which our waitress astutely described as the Israeli bacon), and finally the white chocolate cake for dessert with a side of Turkish coffee. The only dish we recommend staying away from was the Lamb and Beef Kotuf Meatball...It was too dense and had a strong flavor that was neither lamb nor beef.
Overall, we loved this restaurant and will be back very soon but will make sure to reserve a lamb shoulder ahead of time.This is my favorite restaurant, hands down, for so many reasons. First, the flavors are unique. Second, the service is excellent. Third, I love the decor and ambiance.  The walls are painted warm colors and the decor has the middle eastern/ exotic touches.  They offer the prixe fix menu which is a good deal.  The food is excellent and the servers will answer any questions you have.  The turkish hummus is really good.  You must try the haloumi!!!  And the cauliflower!!  My out of town guests enjoyed it, as well as a vegetarian friend.Sitting at the bar amongst many others,  the atmosphere remained romantic. Although it was the most money I spent on myself for a single dinner ever, it was worth the experience.Definitely one of my most favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I was in love with the atmosphere, service, and variety and taste of the food. This is about as good of a meal as you'll get in the city and at reasonable price too. The salads and hummus to start off could be a good meal by themselves. I personally like the eggplant and carrot salads. The tapas feel to the restaurant was great because you get to try at least a few of the dishes. The grape leaves and lamb dishes were my favorites. You should definitely go in with open minds and be willing to try a variety of interesting dishes. The desserts are good, and they'll switch up the menu once every few months so there's always something new to try. The servers were so attentive as well, it's like they knew that I wanted some more laffa bread before I even knew I wanted more. Their drinks are delicious and made very well. The restaurant itself is on a hill, so on a sunny day, the restaurant itself lights up and the decor is pleasant. It's not very loud either so you can enjoy a romantic dinner or casual business event in peace.Phenomenal restaurant, would give a 4.5 star if that was an option. Doesn't quite make the cut for 5 star in my mind. with some notes to add to the previous reviews-
Best dishes were the golden beets - very unique combination. Lamb entree with squash was phenomenal. Chicken was extremely moist.
Personally, I though the cauliflower was a bit salty. They should give more Labneh to balance it out. 
Eggplant dish was great - but should have more sauce - just to balance it a bit better, plus the sauce looked good.
One other thing - get the harissa and other hot pepper combo - hands down best I ever had in my life! This alone makes the trip worth it.We have been to Zahav a few times and the food is always great. The service waivers. If I pay for the chef's menu and you don't describe any of the dishes, how am I really supposed to know what I am eating? The food is always on point though!Food and service is EXCELLENT.  My only complaint is the noise level due to the music that they blast. Found myself yelling across the table while trying to have a conversation with my dining companion. If they lowered the music, this would be my favorite restaurant in the city. Hands down.One of the best place in town for Israel food
Love it!  I go there almost every week
Love everyone there !  Sometime it  feels like I'm going homeHaving eaten at Zahav a few times I have to say it's always been a really great dining experience. 
The food and service always deserve five stars, but one star is removed because the cake I ordered both times was dry, and on the smaller size. The server when asked said it was ok for sharing. 
That's really minor and if I could take off a half or quarter star it'd be more appropriate. But I can't; so four stars it is. 
But let's get real for a moment. The hummus and flatbread (laffa...) is life changing. 
All flavors are vibrant and will make your mouth dance. 
It's not as expensive as you would imagine for food that is simple yet elevated. 
Excited to go back soon!It happened to me with 'Lost in Translation'- I was told it was the best movie in 5 years and when I actually saw it, I was disappointed (and frankly still am). Inevitably experiences are measured relative to expectations and my guess is that living up to some of the expectations would have been virtually impossible.
Zahav was good, definitely nice food with a pleasant and helpful staff and a good ambience. But the food was good not great (and this even after I revised my expectations to more reasonable levels) and that is not a bad thing.
The specifics- the salads are pleasant and the bread that comes with is nice and fresh. the hummus can be given a miss for sure. The cauliflower is well made, the crispy halumi is nice but you need a larger group to do it justice. The kugel was interesting and the duck hearts are tasty (but not for the faint of heart :)). The lamb merguez was good but not the best I've ever had. The branzino was tasty and well made. The deserts were good. I had a cocktail (the desert rose) and it was pleasant and easy to drink.
I think people who like this place would be best served recommending it in more muted tones to other people :)A very fine restaurant with a unique simple elegant ambience and very proper service. I was somehow not so happy with the food and felt that most of the items that we ordered was high on salt. I went there on my birthday and we were 4 people. So, we did order a lot of food and atleast 3 items were high on salt. I loved the mushroom entree though.!It's not Zahav, it's me. I didn't LOVE the food like everyone else does. I liked it, it was good, but I'll never crave it. I'm happy to have checked this place off my to-eat list. 
Don't get me wrong, the dining experience, service, and music (Nelly's Ride with Me and Whitney Houston's Your Love is my Love) were all 5 star. We were brought several complimentary dishes which made us feel special.
Dining Partner and I got our reservation two months in advance. We both did the tasting menu. It's a great value for $48 per person. Dining Partner also sprung for the wine pairing. The vegetable salads and hummus were incredible. But after that, I really had to make a conscious effort to keep consuming. I got lost at the mezze. I liked the cauliflower, but wasn't feeling the sable or the rhubarb. The entrees of brisket weren't what we were expecting. 
The desserts were great. The custard was complimentary, the chocolate olive oil cake was rich and delicious and Dining Partner loved the Squash konafi.
Even though I didn't love the food, I left two hours later stuffed to the gills. It's a dining experience that's unparalleled.We chose Zahav as our special 25th wedding anniversary dining spot. Had not been before, but I can say that we surely will go again. Felt like we were on a foodie adventure. Not being completely familiar with the cuisine we opted for the tasting menu (Tayim). So much delicious, uniquely flavored and gourmet prepared food! The Turkish Hummus was creamy, buttery, garlicky. Used every morsel of laffa to scoop it all up. And, at least 6 delicious accompanying condiments. The richly glazed carrots were a highlight. I won't go through all the plates we had but were little delicious works of art. We tried the grilled duck hearts and the sweetbreads and while they were like nothing I've ever had I can't say they were my absolute favorite, though they were flavorful and tasty. The crispy haloumi with dates walnuts and apples had a smoky firm outer shell with a warm cheesy center. That coupled with moist date paste was a high spot of the meal. My pick for the more substantial dish (Al Ha'esh) was the coal grilled hanger steak with eggplant, sesame and pine nuts. Succulent chunks of dark sauce coated beef.  For dessert we had the peanut baklava with chocolate ice cream with sour cherry sauce. Could barely finish the meal we were so full. But we did!
I really have to praise the entire Zahav staff. When I set the reservation I just actually mentioned that it was our anniversary. Didn't give it a thought really. They must have noted it in the computer and we were surprised to be treated to a special small plate from the chef, two glasses of champagne for a toast, and a lit candle along side our dessert. And, truly heartfelt kind words from the staff.  A wonderful touch. This is a main reason why they are so highly rated. 
All in all, a truly a first class, memorable dining experience.I was surprised for my 'special' birthday with a reservation to go to Zahav by my hubby for al 3 of us, my husband, daughter and myself.  I must preface by saying our daughter has been there and has raved about it.  After looking at the menu, I have been really wanting to go for a very long time to have this fine dining experience. Last night I got to enjoy  this amazing establishment. It was every thing I dreamed of and more! Every morsel of our 9 plates we ordered were just terrific and bursting with flavor. Kudos to your entire staff......especially, Okan Yazici, who went above and beyond to make my dining experience that much more special for my 60th celebration! Also all of our desserts were incredible! 
Hope to see you again very soon ! 
                                                            Fran S.Enjoyed dinner here except for one thing, the server never brought the entree we ordered.  Thankfully we over ordered apps/salad courses and were just splitting the entree anyway.  Food was great with right size portions, leaning to the smaller side though.  Service could be better, I have been there twice and both times mediocrity is an overstatement, but the overall experience was fine both times so I will make it there a third time at least.Best service I have ever received & delicious food! I came here to celebrate my birthday. My sister made reservations months in advanced and we were very excited for this meal. It exceeded all expectations. When we arrived there was a wait so the host brought everyone in my party over a glass of complimentary wine. When we sat down I looked at the menus and they had printed "happy birthday megan" on my party's menu! I was so surprised! The food was excellent and was great to share! I will definitely be back.Absolutely amazing experience! From the pre-appertizers, to the actual appetizers, then entrees, n desserts. The wine selection is spectacular!! This just became one of my favorite places to eat!Zahav is an expierence. The atmosphere and the food come together and transport you out of philadelphia while you are there. The Turkish Hummus is a must. My wife and I did the chef's  tasting menu and it did not disappoint. The food and staff really lived up to the hype. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation if you can. Only then will you truely realize why Zahav is considered one of Philly's best resturants.Truly an amazing 5 star restaurant in every sense of the word! Outstanding food, service, ambience! Well over a dozen small plates and absolute excellence in every one! Special thanks to John, the maitre de, for the tour and conversation! All six in our party agreed it was worth every minute of the 2 hour drive to eat here!What can I say that others have not already said?  If people could only go to one restaurant in Philadelphia, and they asked me which one it should be, I think Zahav would be a fierce competitor.  Why?  Because it's something different - there is nothing else like it in the city.  Because it introduces you to tastes and foods you didn't know you liked.  Because it's so flavorful that you can get full on the hummus and salatim alone.
I can't say enough about how delicious this place is.  I always wish for a second stomach when I go.  Occasionally a third.  
You are really, truly missing out if you skip Zahav.Wonderful overall dining experience! All the food was tops, starting with the hummus and laffa (flatbread). Hummus with meatballs and tomato sauce was unusual and great. Haloumi cheese was nice. Salatim had several excellent dips, especially the eggplant. Fried cauliflower had a great sauce too. Owner walked around, welcoming guests, a couple of times, and he stopped to spend several minutes with our table of 8, which also added to the warmth and feeling of welcomeness. We shared three of the four offered deserts, and all were delicious. We even realized that they'd let us overstay our expected time there, with no hint to get us moving to open up the t. Just a very fine experience.I've been here once for Restaurant Week and liked the food. Unfortunately, when trying to book for a second visit, I was very disappointed by the customer service.
I was told after calling multiple times for a reservation that I couldn't book for more than 60 days in advance. I was instructed to call back again (60 days before my planned date for my reservation), but after multiple calls again, the person who picked up said that tables were already booked online.
How is this even possible?! At least they should have given me a heads-up to book online and not waste time calling again.The food was definitely flavorful and good, BUT as others have said - not sure if it's worth the cost considering the incredibly small portion sizes. And when I say small, it is VERY SMALL.  Don't come here hungry unless you're prepared to shell out a lot of money for small amounts of food. They are like tapas style portions, maybe smaller.  
Our group ordered different items off the dinner menu, 1 from the Mezze ("small plates") section and 3 from Al Ha'esh ("grilled over coals") section.
What we tried:
-The kofte : consisted of 2 meatballs (average size meatballs)
-The spicy eggplant : consisted of what seemed like a 1/2 inch thin slice of eggplant layered over about 5 small spoonfuls of couscous.  
-The duck kebab: small amount of meat
-The baked kibbe: portion is smaller than the palm of a young woman's hand 
Pros:
-Everything tasted good!
-Employees, especially the bartender, were friendly.  The bartender took the time to answer our questions about the ingredients of the food and made suggestions.
-Dishes were nicely presented
Cons:
-VERY SMALL portions!
-Expensive for the amount of food you receiveZahav! My most favorite Philadelphia restaurant. Every time I go, I leave so, so happy and looking forward to my next visit. The food, service and drinks are all on point. The hummus is delicious, the salatim are outstanding (I particularly like eggplant and beets) and the lamb shoulder is the best food I have ever had.  My husband and I have only been once when we did not order the Mesibah tasting menu. It was great that time, but we left wishing we had eaten the Lamb. It is melt in your mouth delicious.  If you havent been yet, GO! Or better yet, Don't. That makes it easier for me to get a resevation when I wan to go.I live in Israel for a year and became a snob about Israeli food -- I try all the Israeli food I can find, hoping I'll find something worth eating again, and am almost always disappointed.  I finally succeed with Zahav.  This was one of the best meals I've ever had, and certainly the best Israeli food I've had outside of Israel.
To be fair, most of the food is not "authentic" Israeli food, but food with an Israeli spin or flavor.  Everything we had was delicious, fresh and interesting. The hummus, lafah (middle easter flat bread) and many of the salads are very authentic.  The hummus is probably the best hummus I've ever had.
I'm a vegetarian, and there were plenty of vegetarian options.
We did the tasting menu, which was a great way to sample many different dishes. The plates are small, but there was so much as part of the tasting that we ended up taking a couple of things home.
The service was excellent -- the staff checked up on us without being annoying about it.  I always drink a ton of water, and my glass was never empty.Amazing.  I now understand the 2 month wait for a table here, and it's well worth it!  First, the drinks.  I tried the Marble Rye...and didn't try anything else for the rest of the night.  If you're a fan of Rye, you must try this cocktail- it's incredibly smooth and delicious.  Others in my company tried the Lemonnana and the Desert Rose (which were both sweet and refreshing). 
Next, the food. We decided to do the Taste of Zahav- this the best way to try the menu! Since we had a company of 5, we ended up trying nearly everything, and everything was delicious! A few stand outs: The chilled potato lovage soup (crispy cod fritters and a light chilled cream soup), the crispy haloumi, the fried cauliflower, the kibbe naya, the duck kebab, crispy branzino, and the moroccan chicken.  Our favorite desserts were the rugelach and the kataifi.  Everything was incredibly delicious! Looking forward to going back!Great place!  Food is very good.  Service was excellent.  Music and vibe were also solid.  I rarely give 5 starts but Zahav deserves it.Undoubtedly one of the best restaurants of this Greater Philadelphia Area. The malabi custurd in their dessert menu is a must have item. 
Very polite and helpful staff. Perfect level of music volume, right mix of music and ambience. 
I am a vegetarian and Usually I do not get much options to eat at regular restaurants but here I had options in all of the categories infact I had a full 4 course dinner.
Julie from Zahav was helping us with our orders and serving the food, she is best at her job. She explained us about all the food items patiently when the items were served. She helped us understand the various Israeli foods so that we can make an informed decision before ordering the food. 
I came to Zahav with 6 of my friends for The New Year Eve dinner, and it became pleasant mainly because of her.
If you have not tried this restaurant then you should definitely try this. I will not be surprised if this gets listed in top 50 restaurants in USA.We went to Zahav in Friday. Reservations are crazy hard to come by, but we were only a party of two so we decided to chance it and wait for a bar table. We arrived at 6 and it took about an hour or so to be seated. We had cocktails and made best friends with others who were waiting. We were sat at the counter that looks into the kitchen so we had a front row seat to the magic. Food was delicious and service was impeccable. We decided to order the chefs tasting menu with the lamb shoulder. Everything we had was so unique and tasty. Can't wait to go back!Worth the wait no matter what it is. We come here twice a year from California and we make our reservation about 3 weeks out. Make sure you get the chef tasting with the lamb,its the best thing I have ever had, hands down. if I had to chose a last meal to have on this earth, the lamb would be itWent there Saturday night. My man had made reservations for us to celebrate our one year anniversary and apparently had informed them of it being a special night for us. 
The place has a great ambiance; warm, spacious and with a great view. We started off with Syrah wine. Since I am a vegetarian our waiter helped us select vegetarian dishes and guided us through out our whole meal. 
The portion sizes are quite small... its like eating at tapas bar. We started off with cheese dish called Crispy Haloumi. It was one of our most favorite. Then we got some fried caulifower which has a most delicious yogurt dip I have ever had. The third dish that we ordered was Galil eggplant. The dish was flavorful and appetizing.
The two things which were our least favorites were stuffed pepper and hummus. It was the best hummus ever but just that in front of all the other new flavors it fell short. It was as good as  hummus can get and neither of us are die hard fan of hummus. 
For desserts we ordered almond baklava... the filling melted in the mouth. 
But what made our night spectacular and mind blowing was the on the house champagne and chocolate sorbet. It made our night so extra special and well it made us change our mind about sorbet because that was nothing short of heavenly.  We left the place so happy that it was unbelievable.
Yes the one year together was special and Zahav made is so very extra special. I am glad we took our chances with it for the night. Entire staff was genuine and made it a great night for us.Would have been 4+ but 3.5 stars.
My friend and I took the chance of dropping in to Zahav while we were visiting Philly on a week night - we were told that it is a very popular restaurant and they usually are almost always booked to capacity. However we lucked out and were seated by the chef's station which was awesome - we got to see orders being called out and refined before hitting the tables as well as see the grilling station. The hostesses and the woman who got us situated at our seats were incredibly friendly however what was a downer was our waiter Simon. He seemed to lack any enthusiasm servicing us that left us feeling meh about him, putting a damper on the meal.
For food we shared:
* Hummus - Turkish (garlic and butter) with Laffa - a must! the laffa is soft and warm and is seasoned with spices and oil, and the hummus is even softer if you can imagine like you are eating pillows not that I know what eating pillows is like but the hummus just melts in your mouth even with the whole chick peas
* Fried cauliflower - delicious as well and paired very well with the mint sauce and I would even say that there was not enough green sauce, i would have taken some laffa to soup it up!
* Home smoked sable - this was good too tho not my favorite, there is a soft poached egg that is broken when this small plate is split
* Chicken shishlik - on the saltier side but oh so good, i loved the cracklings that accompanied the chicken and it was grilled to perfection - so tender and soft! i could have kept eating these
* Lamb merguez - this was yummy too! the lamb itself was good and i don't think anything to write home about - it is done well - but when paired with the cranberry and tahina and squash the lamb was elevated to another level. The dish could have used a few more cranberries!
* And kindly received two amuse bouches - these were of course welcomed into our stomachs but did not think they were amazing. one was fried filo dough with an apple mixture - the crunchiness was nice! and the other was a yogurt concoction with pomegranate and squash which was my least favorite of everything we had.
We decided to forego dessert as we weren't grabbed by any and what we ate had been awesome. As an aside we were told that the coffee custard was by far better than any other ones on the menu. What is also nice is that they offer complimentary sparkling water. I would definitely come back to Zahav though hope for another waiter.This was my first time trying Israeli food and it was phenomenal! All of their food is small plates. I went with a large group and we ordered a bunch of items; loved all of them except the chicken. Here's what we got:
-Tehnia Hummus - loved it! It comes with Laffa which is very good
-Turkish hummus - what doesn't taste good with butter and garlic?!
-Walnt kale tabbouleh - I've never tried kale tabbouleh and it was a very interesting combo. 
-Fried cauliflower - you will not be disappointed. 
-Grilled haloumi - I cannot explain the flavors of this dish but my far one my fav at Zahav. It's got a smoky, salty, sweet mix.
Chicken shishlik - was not impressed at all. it was very bland.
Eggplant - also amazing!
Crimini mushrooms - loved this dish as well.
Lamb Merguez - this was also one of my other favorite dishes!
kibbe naya - i didn't try this dish but my friends raved about it as well!This. Place. Came here to celebrate my friend's engagement, got a reservation several weeks in advance in the last possible spot, but it totally lived up to the hype. The staff was helpful and courteous, each dish was expertly prepared, flavorful, and unique, and we felt like the only important guests when they brought us champagne and complimentary appetizers (which totally put me over the top in terms of stomach-space). Our server was so helpful in making our menu choices, and hilarious. I am already scheming to come back with my husband so we can order the lamb shoulder, since my friend was vegetarian.Everything is delicious and the servers are excellent - before it gets too crowded.  
Dinner for our one year wedding anniversary and it was quite special.  We went with the tasting menu and it was more than enough food for 2 meals!  For two people ($39/each, i believe) you get hummus, 6 little "salads" (the beets are to die for), 4 small plates, bread (which you can order more of), 2 large plates and 2 desserts.  Ended up taking entrees (fish and duck pattys) and desserts home. They say small plates, but the plates aren't that small and with the 6 salads, hummus, bread, 4 "small" plates, 2 large plates, and 2 desserts - you could feed 4 people easily and still be too full!  The vanilla custard is superb, haloumi, artichokes,  and cauliflower are a must, and the fish is exquisite.  All of the flavors are slightly exotic and the duck patty (large plate) had quite a bit of complexity going on.  You will not be disappointed or hungry when you leave.
We ate early (545), but still managed to be there for about 2 hours until the restaurant was maxed out capacity wise.  Eating early allowed us to both park easily and have a conversation while dining that disappeared into the cacophony of the later dinner hours.  The tables are all smaller - except for the large community dining table - and you can easily share in conversations going on all around you.  There is also a bar along the kitchen for people to dine at which seemed pretty cool.
All in all will definitely be back, but will prob order a lot less food and save a few bucks.Well worth the drive down from Long Island NY.  We made reservations for dinner 9 weeks ago and the unique food and atmosphere were great !  I would highly recommend the humus with tehina as an appetizer.  My main course was the Brisket Kofte and I loved it ! Best desert on the table was the Sachleb Konafi - excellent !!!I went to Zahav with my girlfriend and her family for Restaurant Week.  I would have expected a much better meal than what was presented and what was expected of a restaurant with the esteem that Zahav carries.  The food was average, somewhat over salted, and everything came out at different times so there was always someone waiting to eat.  The Hummus was the highlight of the meal.  It was outrageous.  I guess it was so good, it overshadowed everything else.  the Duck livers were ok, the duck was ok, the only thing I thought was good was the hanger steak, and that was average.  I also heard about the special lemonade and the ice tea, I don't see what was so good about it.  It was just too sugary to enjoy.  The services was amazing, so that I do have to say is a major plus.  My girlfriend is vegetarian and she was only able to eat one of the appetizers and the dessert, which is odd from such a renowned restaurant.  I don't think I would go back if I had to pay for it.  Sorry to say, but the first impression of this place was not a very good one.*****Zahav, Zahav, Zahav. Feels Like a Migos Song or Something*****
FOOD
Salatim: Don't sleep on the cabbage. The Beets are an older fave than even The Beats on Doug (killer tofu, anyone?), but the cabbage was my favorite.
Hummus and Bread: the SINGLE GREATEST DISH I have ever eaten in the United States! Thank you, Based Zahav. Someday, I will treat myself to an AYCE hummus sesh at the bar. For reference, went to Dizengoff for lunch, and this completely blew it away (which is no stab at Dizengoff). Bread is one my favorite foods and it doesn't get better than Zahav's laffa folks.
Mezze:
Duck Hearts: a classic favorite. Salty even by Zahav standards but the muscle is exquisite.
Sable: On a previous visit, I found this dish "inspirational." This rendition gave a more "uplifting" vibe. From the bread, to the egg, to the delicate fish, the dish gets increasingly lighter, providing a fresh, enlivening energy.
Kibbe: another old favorite
Haloumi: Classic dish but this is the best rendition I have had (dat date sauce doh). Gotta get multiple orders when sharing with a big group.
Cauliflower: A Zahav staple. Highly recommended for first timers. 
Crispy Grave Leaves: these were great, but not my favorite among the mezze
Cobia Crudo: If you could make a mini pizza out of fish, this would be it. Nice spicy sauce complements the raw fish well. Recommended for the adventurous
Al Ha'esh
Crimini Mushrooms: Very good but not the best I've ever had. 
Branzino: Also exquisite but portion could have been a little larger (~4 small bites).
Lamb Merguez: mmm mmm good.
Beef and Lamb Kofte: see lamb merguez
Rice: Would have liked to see a slightly bigger portion, not because I had room for it, but just because its rice. I'm just really looking for reasons to criticize, at this point...Please bring the Ribeye back, Zahav!!! 
Dessert: true sleeper of the meal. Wasn't expecting this as a strength but Zahav is still #zahav. Wasn't a huge fan of the complexity and sourness of the sourbet but it was a hit at the table. Ice cream sandwich was small (cut into 3 pieces) but delicious. Chocolate mousse had the most decadent cream. Kataifi had a great variety of texture and I felt one of the largest portions.
SERVICE: It's like they secretly slip a magnet in your food that repels you from the staff when you walk around the restaurant. If you are sitting on the open end of a table, good luck trying to make it to the restroom and back before your napkin is neatly folded. Same goes for seeing the bottom of the water glass, quite impressive given the massive quantities of water necessary with a neverending rather salty feast at the table. Service would seem over the top if they couldn't pull it off, but boy do they pull it off. 
PLAYLIST ANALYSIS: Up to this point we're at six stars. Zahav flexed an upbeat variety, with The Dream to dropping sidetracks from College Dropout (School Spirit) and the Black Album (Lucifer). Even paired Nas and Jay songs with only one song in btwn!! If anyone can pull that off, it's Zahav. But the one moment where things went too far...to my utter shock, I heard Drake (fortunately not while I was enjoying that hummus). I wasn't expecting to hear Meeks weak response to Back to Back, but dropping a sing songy Drake track? TOO SOON, Zahav, TOO SOON.
WEBSITE: Single greatest website music ever. Really want to bump this at my wedding. Until then...link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBuBAOxtLpI
FINAL VERDICT: I can't imagine why anyone besides Jeezy ("standing at my podium, trying to watch my sodium") and maybe Meek would not fall in love with Zahav. Get rid of the Drake and I'll consider petitioning Yelp to add a sixth star #zahavAnd again my friend comes in with the clutch reservation during restaurant week! I loved all the dishes. The pre apps reminded me of kimchi at a KBBQ. I loved it. The bread was soo fresh and delicious. Hummus was on point.
My favorite 3 dishes by far were the duck hearts, the fish, and the Chocolate ice cream sandwich.
Hit this place up if you can get a reservation. If you get there early the bar should be open and you can eat there too! Early is like 4:50 ish. After 5:00pm you probably can only get a table through reservation during restaurant week because it is typically booked. Good luck trying to get in.
We shared a bottle of champagne and it went really well with all the dishes. Definitely try this place out!Please believe the hype about Zahav! This restaurant was nothing short of amazing while dining out with 3 of my girlfriends before a night out. I don't think I have had a better/more genuine service at any  restaurant before. 
We started with the hummus which was amazing and then ordered the chicken/beef shishlik, the eggplant dish and the foie gras dish. Everything was amazing! What happened next was the kicker. We were given (free of charge) stuffed (chicken) grape leaves which I didn't see on the menu, both shishlik dishes were comped because they came out less than 5 mins late. I didn't even notice as I was too busy enjoying my beverage so this came as a surprise to us. We were also given a free dessert, and a round of free cocktails at the end of the meal. I honestly don't know who they thought we were but I felt very spoiled throughout my stay at this restaurant. The waiters were always nearby to refill our water glasses and clear the plates/offer fresh utensils. Every single dish we tried was amazing and our plates were wiped clean. Also, our vegetarian friend who usually never finds anything to eat was stuffed and very impressed by this place. Zahav won my heart and is now my no 1 restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Please do book a table ahead of time as it can be a bit tough to get a reservation. If I could give them over 5 stars, I definitely would. 
P.S: The lamb shoulder is no longer on the menu but the next time I come back, I'll be doing the tasting menu!Go here.  Order anything, doesn't matter.  
Went with a party of 4 ordered the tasting menu, so we had a bit of everything and it was all delicious.  
Honestly, was better than some of the food I had in Israel.  I wish I could go back here more often, but it's extremely difficult to make reservations here.  If you get a reservation, go!  
Hummus = delicious, everything else = amazing
No need for more detail, go here and try for yourself!I have been to this restaurant a few times now and every times it seems harder and harder to get a table here :-)
That means only one thing, the Food is sensational. We have tried and liked almost all the items on the menu but a few like the Sable, Lamb Merguez, Chicken Shashlik are simply amazing. 
This is one of my favorite places to dine in Philly and will be coming here again. A must for anyone who enjoys the small plate style, in fact a must for anyone who enjoys good food period.Highly recommend this place for dinner - we did the tasting flight, which was perfect because you got to taste a little bit of everything on the menu (dessert included- so worth it!) 
The $48/per person tasting flight includes an arrangement of six Mediterranean salads, hot hummus with naan bread, a choice of two starters, a main entre kebab, and dessert. The salads were so unique, ranged from eggplant, cabbage, pickled carrots with pinenuts, beet, greenbeans. Then the hummus... probably the best I have tasted in my life - it comes in a small hot pan and just melts in your mouth. The starter dishes can be a little on the wild side, but they were good nonetheless. I loved the roasted cauliflower! (brought from the kitchen as a gift). If you have a hard time deciding which one to go with, just ask your server - they were real helpful. We then had lamb kebabs and ended with the custard dessert. And don't forget the Turkish coffee... warning you may not sleep. 
The ambiance and the music of the place suits well and we had a seat at the counter which over looked into the kitchen - fun treat to witness how amazing dishes at a restaurant like this come together. Overall 5 stars - will dream of returning.If there was a restaurant that defines perfection for me, it's Zahav. The food, atmosphere, service... all a wonderful dining experience and made for an excellent restaurant week choice. I was a little uncertain about the idea of upscale Middle Eastern food, but WOW Zahav really changed my mind. Read Jenna's review, it's pretty much accurate.... this place is AMAZING. I can only imagine what this place is like when it isn't restaurant week.
Small plates (salatim - included salads of beets, eggplant, cucumber, carrots) and hummus to start. Round 2 were the fried cauliflower, haloumi, sweetbreads and duck hearts. My sister LOVED her cauliflower and I pretty much lost my mind over how good the duck hearts were. I got the duck kebab for the main course and my sister got the merguez, all were delicious and we were satisfied but with room for the dessert. My sister got the pistachio cake and I got the rugelach, which was tasty but I thought could be served with an ice cream or something to help with the dryness of it. 
The service was absolutely top notch. The server was very knowledgeable and helpful. Our plates were cleared quickly, utensils replaced, table wiped regularly.
A wonderful dinner experience, highly recommended!My first piece of advice: COME HUNGRY. Second piece of advice: PREPARE TO STAY AWHILE. Final piece of advice: BOOK IN ADVANCE. Like 3-4 weeks, especially if you have a bigger group. We learned this lesson in the past but finally booked in plenty of time to suit our party of 6. When I called to confirm the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything special. In fact, we were and they did not forget. More about that later.
So our group ordered the Tayim, a 4-course meal for $45. Because there were so many of us we were able to try every mezzo and double up on some of the more popular ones. There is so much to rave about.
First course: The hummus is absolutely the most incredible hummus I've ever had. EVER. Creamy, well-balanced...it was hard not to lick the plate. The laffe is fluffy and suited perfectly for the salatim options which were each amazing. I especially enjoyed the eggplant, chickpeas and kohlrabi.
Second course: SO MANY MEZZEs. Eight options, in fact. I'm vegetarian so I didn't partake of the meat offerings but the haloumi and grape leaves were outstanding! 
Main course: I had the eggplant that comes with a garlic tehina and veggie harissa. They were two adorable baby eggplants that were just the right size after filling up on so much from the first and second courses. I was nervous this part of the meal would tilt the scale into overstuffed territory but that was not the case. The toppings had a little kick to them, absolutely a perfect compliment to the star of the dish.
Dessert: Before our desserts came out, they brought a little treat with a candle for one of my friend's birthday. They gave us 6 pieces of this nougat treat so we could all partake. It was a nice touch! As for regular dessert, I chose the pistachio cake which was simply scrumptious. Some friends opted for the grapefruit sorbet but I'm not a huge fan of that fruit so it wasn't my thing. Another friend opted for the coffee custard and the whole table agreed, his was the winning dessert. Just delicious!
The only thing that threw me off was the music. It was a journey from rock to hip-hop to songs that frat parties used to play in college...20 years ago. Given the beautiful decor and simplicity of the restaurant, I was expecting something a bit more cultural. But it wouldn't deter me from returning. 
Overall this restaurant deserves the reputation it has earned. Our waitress was lovely and made all the right suggestions. The staff gives you adequate time between courses to savor and enjoy every bit with a small rest period in between. We never once felt rushed. And we definitely walked away full and content. Can't wait to come back!Amazing restaurant, laid back homefelt service. Food is amazing...intriguing and fun menu. Must go. Went with no reservations and after about 45 minutes got 4 seats at the chef counter. great experience, if you are questioning whether to go or not you absolutely shouldThis place is really good, but pretty pricey.  The service can be a bit slow, but I think that is by design, as there are generally many different courses with the small plates, and is part of the experience.  
I would recommend Zahav for a special occasion, as the food really is very tasty and diverse.I was really excited to go to this restaurant since reservations were not easy to get. The ambience was nice and excellent location. However the food that I had was awful tasting and the prices were high.Service was 5 stars, but the food was 3. Let's call it 3.5 stars. The good....service was spot on, it was our wedding anniversary so they provided us complimentary champagne before our meal and one of the servers came up and congratulated us.  The hummus and bread , and sides we great.  The rest of the meal was average, I am not a big fan of overly smoked food and it felt like most of the dishes had that constant taste.  The lambs tongue was interesting, glad I tried it but prob would not order it again. The duck was good but not amazing. It is not overly expensive for the tasting meal , but don't think we would come back any time soon.Hands down my favorite restaurant in the city. I only wish I could go more often but reservations are hard to come by! We usually go for Valentines Day and it is truly the only restaurant I enjoy going to on Valentines Day - service is always above and beyond excellent.This place is perfect for pretty much any occasion: dates, girls nights or (my favorite) a #treatyoself for no reason night. Their tasting menu is very reasonably priced and definitely the best bet. You get to try a little of everything and (hopefully) whoever you're with is a good sharer. Anything that looks "weird" is going to be amazing: duck hearts, sweet breads, etc. And the warm hummus is to die for. The wine list is impressive, but overpriced in my opinion. I generally stick with the cocktail list to be "economical". 
The ambiance is perfect and I've always been stuck by the awesome waitstaff- they are all knowledgeable, quick with recommendations but very unpretentious. It seems like they're excited to work there and see you try everything.This place is absolutely amazing. My vodka and grapefruit had fresh squeezed juicy, the food was excellent, and the ambiance is sexy. Highly recommend.Impressive! Food is delicious, atmosphere is great, and service is very good!
Tasting menu would be too much for two ladies although we were hungry before the meal. We (2 people) ordered a hummus with toppings (today is veal), two mezzes, two Al Ha'esh and a dessert. Totally full after the dinner.
The hummus is very impressive with its fine and smooth texture, and the topping today is a perfect match with it! The pita is tasty and special because of the spice on it. 
Smoked sable is amazing and tasty. Haloumi tastes special with a little crispy but chewy inside, and also with the strawberry sauce under it.
Branzino is tender of its meat and crispy of its skin, and sauce adds points on it. Lamb meguez is good with he sour vegetables under it, but not as much impressive as the others.
Coconut cream konafi is very very delicious with smooth inside full of coconut flavor, loose but crispy outside and a sour fruit on it seeping the juice into the bottom part. Must have a try!I haven't been in Society Hill for awhile as I have an ex-girlfriend living in the immediate area, ah-hem, and I try to avoid a coincidental meeting like the plague.  That being said, I should have worn a disguise and went here sooner when first recommended to me a couple of years ago.  This place rocks, along with my priceless company for the evening.  ;-)
The menu was unique with varied options, and every dish was presented, prepared and absofuckinglutely tasted phenomenal.  The combination of flavors, textures, spices and ingredients were pieced together like a mini version of The Dream Garden at the Curtis Building.  Well, not quite, but my analogy made me smile. :-)
I'm not going through each dish, as I thought everything we had was perfect.  And the service from Luke and Tori (no General Hospital jokes please) was superior.  Even the hostess at the door was cordial, friendly and accommodating. 
This will be added to my list of regular spots I frequent.  Even the fear of confrontation from women who fall under the category of "women who hate me", could not stop me.One of the our favorite restaurants in the Philadelphia area. Amazing food and fantastic ambiance. Getting parking near the restaurant may be tricky and there is usually a long wait for the table - so make reservations before you go.One of the best meals I ever had! Make sure you get the hummus. I can eat with just a spoon!I was so excited to experience Zahav tonight. Unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype.  I had been hearing so much about the best restaurant in Philly and the unbelievable tasting menu at Zahav, but it fell pretty flat. Starting off the greeting was warm and friendly.  My boyfriend and I had an early reservation on a Wednesday night (5:15pm)  The hostesses we sweet and friendly.  We were seated and the server  was fantastic and knowledgeable and had my glass of pinot noir out in a flash.  We decided to try the Tayim tasting menu since that was what all of the reviews raved about.  When we were first seated there was a complimentary plate of pickled veg.  The carrots were spicy and delicious and then there was a piece of celery, cucumbers and what seemed like a dehydrated tomato.  All was ok but nothing stand out.  Then came the salatim/hummus.  Our favorite was the fennel salad and the pickled beets, both of which were fantastic.  Bright and fresh and a wonderful way to cleanse the palate for what was to come.  This was also accompanied by a babbaganjoush which was smoky almost chipotle flavored, a cucumber salad, tabbouleh and a spicy green been.  none of which were very memorable.  Just an OK assortment of middle Eastern salads. The laffa lives up to its name, warm and soft, but when it starts to cool it gets very crispy and almost stale, we did end up ordering another one to dip with the tahini hummus, which is hands down the best hummus we have ever had. It was so creamy and smooth. I think they should offer a laffa with the salads to have something to cradle the bits upon.  This was the highlight of the meal.  After this it just kind of went downhill. I ordered the fried cauliflower which was good, but what deep fried food is not.  Then came out my boyfriends sweet breads.  They were deep fried as well and had a deep fried chickpea that had an interesting texture but the sweetbreads were just little puffs of fried breading, there wasn't the creamy richness you would expect. next came the crispy haloumi.  Again the reviews raved but it is fried goat cheese, i was expecting something creamy and oozing with flavor, but it just tasted like licking a salt block.  Now don't get me wrong, I love anything salty and savory but this was so salty that the end of my tongue started to burn.  I took one bite and sent it back, it just wasn't very good.  next to come out was the duck hearts.  it was OK, but nothing to write home about. Finally we finished with the branzino, which was OK. but again too much salt on the perfectly crisped skin. My boyfriend had the duck kabob but it was ground duck meat, that was pan seared and a little burned in spots.  And it was dry.  Not that full fatty flavor that you would expect from duck.  shortly after this they brought out the lamb tar tar, as a make up for salty haloumi, but by this point it was a little too late. the lamb tar tar seemed refreshing, but didn't really have that lamb flavor.  The manager then brought out 3 different desserts as an apology and explained that the saltiness was pretty standard for their type of food.  I don't really remember any of the desserts, none really tasted that great.  Overall, i thought the food was just OK, the service and staff was fantastic and made it an enjoyable experience, but I probably wouldn't go back, unless i was really in the mood for some hummus.Great food, and excellent service.  I've been here a few times, and have always been impressed with the quality of food.  The lamb shoulder is a must if you can get your entire party to do the tasting menu.AMAZING. You will need a reservation well in advance. Delicious and authentic middle eastern cuisine. Israeli approved. The staff is great.An incredible experience. Very unique food, great service. Definitely worth trying! I was able to get in by taking a seat at the bar. I understand getting a reservation can be tough.This is my favorite restaurant in the city. I've been here three times and loved the experience every time. From the food to the atmosphere to the service, everything at Zahav is top notch. If I could give it 10 stars, I would.Took some pf my favorite people (2 swedes and an American) here to treat them to one of the most wonderful places in Philadelphia and the waitress made it very difficult to enjoy. The service was great but her attitude and vibe were awful. I was embarrassed. 
I hate that we had her but I will move on and hopefully be back soon with a new vibe. I was there last Thursday with a 6pm reservation.Great food but off beat location. Seemed like a date spot or family restaurant (no kids). Mezze was delicious. Ordered the tasting menu and felt like I ate for 2. Lots of delicious food and also shared a pitcher of the lemonna (refreshing). Dessert was also a great ending to a flavorful dinner. A must when you visit Philly. 
FYI cabs are waiting outside so don't worry about transportation.I went to Zahav last week with my friend for restaurant weel.  This is always a gamble since some places step up their game while others are a huge disappointment.  Luckily Zahav was one of those places that did not disappoint.  Our server was super nice, even though it was crazy busy.  The food was delicious! I loved the hummus and salad tree. The fried cauliflower was one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten! The flank steak was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  I would have given this 5 stars but the desert just wasn't a stand out for me. The drinks were pretty pricey, especially the wines but well worth it to try something new!  I will being going back!After sightseeing, managed to get a last-minute reservation and since they don't have a dress code, we were able to drop in for dinner in shorts, casual shirts and sandals.  We did the price-fixe "Tayim" menu for $39 per person.  
It is re-imagined Israeli / middle-eastern food.  Most of the dishes were good in taste, presentation, and creativity.  I have to note that I can make a lot of these dishes in their original form and my Lebanese mother-in-law's cooking is the barometer by which I judged Zahav.
The good:  great price for the Tayim ($39) and Mesibah $48) menus.  Drinks and mezze were best part of the meal.
Classic hummus was very good and the hot bread excellent. 
The appetizers were uniformly good to great, the cauliflower, sable, duck hearts and haloumi were table stand-outs although I didn't care for the cauliflower.  Kibbe Naya was disappointing.
The entrees were disappointing and on the small side.  Merguez was good, not great and the two meatballs were not really enough to share.  Two cocktail sized meatballs as an entre, seriously?
Eggplant was good but the hangar steak was not.  
Desserts were ok.  The Konafi - no syrup, bit undercooked and dry.  Labneh ice cream I loved but others not so much.  The Ma'amoul - was a bad reimagination.  Dry, not good.  The Basboosa not worth mentioning but the Malabi was pretty good.
The best thing for me was the non-alcoholic coriander cooler - really good!!  I had four of them!
The Desert Rose cocktail, Lemonnana, and the Wee Dream were all good.
If you go for drinks and mezze - you'll be happy.
Overall the food was good - not angel-choir great - and I think it's become a bit overrated in the past few years.Was brought here by some friends for my birthday.
What a great surprise this place is.
The food is absolutely delicious!
Love all the mezzez (sp?)...although we need more of that amazing bread.
We also got the lamb shoulder.
It was so good and so rich, almost too rich.
The Marble Rye cocktail was right up my alley.
The service staff was fantastic. 
They know the details of the menu and were efficient, professional and personable.
The decor is very comfortable and inviting.
The music is awesome.
But, do they not own the bathrooms?
The bathrooms are not in keeping with the rest of Zahav's high end experience.