Wow!  Yummy, different,  delicious.   Our favorite is the lamb curry and korma.  With 10 different kinds of naan!!!  Don't let the outside deter you (because we almost changed our minds)...go in and try something new!   You'll be glad you did!Dine-in gets 2 stars. Disappointing service & venue falls short. 
The food was ok; so if you were to do take out, maybe this place would get 3 stars. 
I ordered the lamb kebab, which tasted ok; but it was very plain. No sauces, lettuce or anything - just meat.After a long hiatus from reviewing I have awaken from my 6 mouth yelp hibernation and my tummies a grumbles with an insatiable hunger for the cacophonous symphony of flavor that is Indian food. Like an all too familiar pattern, I go back to Mohammad Butt, my main man for marsala.
But whats this? 
There are whispers that he no longer cooks for "Best Taste of Asia," that he is gone, never to return; some sort of falling out.
No.
No, it can't be! 
I need to score - one .. final .. hit..
Life ceases to have meaning, existential murmurings dog the mind. Who am I?
Why am I here?
What is Cheeze Wiz?
Its done, over, a round falls into the chamber and just as I prepare to end it all and pull the trigger- steps in ZAIKA.
Zaika - meaning the art of taste -  stays to to its name. This is a place where the Paneer (cheese) is made fresh in house, resulting in a cheese that's silky in texture. Especially when in contrast to the prepackaged rubbery bone-white LEGO blocks most small Indo-Pak places purchase from Indian Grocers in attempts to reduce prep-times. While at Zaika such shortcuts are not taken,  the Chef takes the extra steps needed to ensure a dish comes together as a whole. For example, the Chicken Makhani uses Smokey Tandoori Chicken, which I have never seen done before but it certainly aids the chicken to cut though the rich buttery tomato sauce and elevates the dish as a whole. Even entrées like Dall Fray or  Palak Paneer  have so much flavor that they will leave you not missing animal protein in the least should you choose to go the vegetarian route. 
Zaika 's appetizers, like the Veggie Samosa and Aloo Tikki, (spiced potato patties) are generally large, peppery and well spiced - the latter of which remind me of something my own mother would make. Though I must warn others to avoid the items that occasionally pop-up as specials like the potato stuffed chili peppers, unless they have a iron stomach or are a gluten for punishment. These peppers are spicy, not deveined or even seeded. Further, I find the fish pakora to be far too fishy.
I've become rather taken by Zaikia. Even the simply things such as the naan are good there. Just right in elasticity, the bread does not have too much give and yet isn't too soft. It's nothing elaborate, just properly risen with a light texture and  no egg or yeast flavor. The only complaint being that it lacked that signature faint sweetness naan has. But hey, I use it mostly for mopping up the other good stuff on the plate anyway and the sweetness gets lost in the mix, so I don't mind at all.
The menu has nearly 120 different items, all numbered to order by, making take-out phone orders convenient and should eliminate any fears anyone should have of a language barrier problem. Furthermore, it has short descriptions of each dish - something all ethnic places like this should have.
Though some items like Lassie (a frothy yogurt drink) do not appear on the menu, that too is offered - both a salty and sweet mango verities. 
The head chef speaks English quite well and should be easy to deal with should you want to inquire more or want to setup large orders.
I have already noticed parties negotiating catering for Ramadan as I anxiously awaited my own order.
The bottom line here is this, Mohammad Butt has expanded on the menu he once created for "Best taste of Asia," and taken an all HALAL meat approach. 
Only good things can come of this, only good things.
P.S.
ZAIKA is right behind Nifty Fifties on Grant Ave., so you are all set for dessert should you want a milkshake. 
However, I would suggest getting the Ras Malai if available. These riccotta cheese dumplings flouting in soaked in sweetened, thickened milk are delicately flavored with cardamom, a very some amount of rose water and then garnished with pistachios. They are ungodly good.We've eaten here 3 times and it seems that each time it gets even better! I had the shrimp malabar the last time and it was like a spiritual experience. Wonderful! The Naan  is always good and the service is quite attentive. It's hard to believe that this place isn't packed every time we go since this area of NE is pretty sparse on Indian.Came to Philly for a family event but stayed a little further out. Had dinner at this place and it was delicious! My favorite was the chicken chilli!A very neat little hole in the wall. Very clean with extremely good food in more than reasonable portions. Will definitely be back!This place was a great find. I'd say its a 4.5 but just because of the interior decor. The food was really good, that's a solid 5. We had a vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, onion kulcha & lamb rogan josh. Go expecting great indian food but not great decor. We were giggling on the paint job, very easy to tell it wasn't done by a professional. It sits right behind Nifty Fifties so it kind of gets lost & not seen well from Grant Ave but so worth the effort.I've been here several times. The price is reasonable, food is quite good, and the service as well. I've always ordered take-out. One time I went, and the guy who normally takes my order wasn't there... Instead there were 2 ladies... I think one was the wife of the owner. Or something along those lines. Anyway they were nice but when I came back to pick up my order they handed me the wrong bag (someone else's order). They should have confirmed the contents, but frankly I should have as well, so I accept at least part of the blame. I ended up going all the way home before I realized the screw-up and came back. I wasn't angry but I was definitely hungry and super-annoyed. The two ladies were gracious and apologetic, and they even threw in a courtesy snack for my trouble.I found this place through Yelp reviews, as I've been looking for a great Indian place in the Northeast. The food is delicious (I've tried a handful of dishes), and the portions are large. Definitely a go-to for take-out, and if you don't mind the semi-awkward decor (it feels more like an office than a restaurant to me, for some reason), it's a nice non-chain, non-pizza/burger place option for a casual dinner.I love the food, love the owner the lady who waits on you is so lovely and so warm. Chicken Makhani was excellent and Chicken Kashmir was amazing my friend and loved it don't worry about the decor the food is the best Indian around....7/14 Update: They opened up another space next door nicer decor but the prices went up too. However, the food is still excellent, the owner is still lovely and warm and I don't get to eat Indian very often with dinner companions so the expense is a ice treat for me. The old space is now a grocery store.I am now a regular. Pretty much every Saturday I pick up two entrees, rich, naan, and samosa. And it feeds me all weekend. All for like $25. 
Incredible taste. Cheap as hell.I love the nice friendly service,great Indian cuisine chicken tikka Masala, and the lamb curry was delicious along with the naan bread...overall experience was greatttt.A must for all those who want a really tasty meal. Portions are huge. Spice level is tailored to what you prefer. Located in the Northeast which certainly doesn't have an abundance of places to eat. The menu is varied and should make everyone that enters Zaiko happy. We ate in but the meals can easily be packed for take out. What it lacks in ambiance it makes up in outstanding Indian cuisine. We had
Vegetables Samosa (2 Pcs)1.99
 Naan1.25
Dall Gosht14.99
Chicken Biryani7.99
Bhaingan Bharta10.99
 Chicken Kashmiri10.99
Prices are so much better than Tiffin and certainly more flavorful. You won't be disappointed. Happy eating.Came here with my husband one night after he could not stop raving about the food here. Had kabobs, mango chicken, and something else. Excellent excellent! Price was beyond reasonable, esp for the food that was so delicious. Place is BYOB which we did not know before we went but that's even more of a reason to go back again. Definitely recommend if you are in a mood for some good Kabob!!Wish I was inside as opposed to OUTSIDE! CLOSED ON MONDAYS!!! Someone please update the information. I come to the area once a year for business. Great, flavorful Indian food! Friendly staff and clean place. Small dining area inside, I would consider it takeout if I lived nearby, but they do have a few small tables inside - no beer, wine or liquor.Unbelievable food.  Best I've ever had and it's always almost empty.  Sure the ambiance isn't great, but oh the food is so amazing!!Dissapointing. Went towards the end of the day. Ordered chicken curry, garlic naan and chicken samosas. I am not too picky about food, but I took a bite of a samosa and had to spit it out. It was soggy with oil and tasted like the oil was reused for too long. 
I was hesitant but I tried the naan. Can't mess up naan right? They managed to- It was tough and not fresh and even though it had garlic on it you couldn't taste it. Just dissapointing. Won't ever go back.That bitter sweet day has come it seems.
The former head chef of ZAIKIA, that Willy Wonk of Vindaloo, Mohammed Butt, no longer holds his former standing of proprietor and chief creator of all things indo-pak worth tasting in north east Philly.
The time had come to the torch pass and for the his student to surpass the master.
A former sous Chef has taken the rains and a new proprietor has crawled out of the wood works, yet what's most surprising is that there little to no decrease in the quality of the food! In fact, the naan was staggeringly good on my last order. The interior of the restaurant has been given a fresh coat of paint and a few aesthetic adjustments made, it now resembling a eat-in establishment rather than just take-out place with a few tables.
What is even better to see is that the former chef and proprietor retains a relationship with the new, respectfully. I witnessed this during Ramadan when old guard and new were working together to keep up on likely their busiest day of the year.
I would also like to add that the new proprietors English is likely better then my own. So worry not about any language barrier and should you be clueless regarding the cuisine, I am sure she can assist.Excellent BYOB Indian restaurant. Went for dinner last night with 2 others. We got vegetarian samosas, chicken saag (medium spice) ; shrimp vindaloo (high spice); chicken tikka masala (med spice) along with garlic naan and garlic cheese naan. Easy to get a table on a Saturday night. Very good service. Portions were good, we had a lot of leftovers to take home and were stuffed. I highly recommend this restaurant! 
It can be a little confusing to figure out how to get in the restaurant. The entrance is through unmarked doors to the right of the restaurant, which sort of don't look like they are connected to the restaurant. Hopefully they will move their hours or something into the door. On the left is an Indian market and take out pick-up. 
Eat here!!!!My girlfriend and I love Indian food and always hit up spots we find. We were in the area and stopped in for lunch on Sunday and loved this place!  It's a little lunch spot that has better food than fancier Indian restaurants. Everything we ordered was delicious and the prices weren't bad at all. Definitely an awesome lunch spot you need to visit.The atmosphere is nice and quaint; it is not big inside, but you certainly don't feel cramped. Very good!
I had Chicken Vindaloo and Bhindi Masala and my wife Chicken Tikka Masala .....it was extremely tasty!!!! The portion size was huge and came with rice. I also had the Garlic naan bread which was amazing . I couldn't finish it all, but certainly tried my best.
The menu was very diverse and affordable. I highly recommend for anyone in the area who loves good Indian food.Ordered Chicken vindaloo and chicken rice biryani with naan bread. First off let me say the portions for the biryani is massive and definitely worth the price. Nicely seasoned basamati rice and very aromatic. The vindaloo was decentI love the food, love the owner the lady who waits on you is so lovely and so warm. Chicken Makhani was excellent and Chicken Kashmir was amazing my friend and loved it don't worry about the decor the food is the best Indian around.We came here around 7-8 pm and it wasn't busy at all, so they serve our table quick. Place look very simple but clean. We tried chicken briyani and mixed grill platter. So first of all both dishes are huge, so easily can share. Briyany was too spicy for me so I worked on grilled platter. Lamb chops were just awesome. Juicy, soft and flavorful. Very good, 4 stars!So a friend and I went to this Pakistani "hole -in-the-wall." Literally, feels like your eating in a supermarket aisle. The floor and walls and surrounding counter top space definitely need a good wipe down. The food however there is something to say. Choices of "American" mild, spicy and hot dishes that are bigger if you sit in and eat rather than use pick up. A friend and I noticed a man when we got there who just ordered pickup...left and about 15 mins earlier showed up since he received the wrong order from the guy behind the counter who didnt seem to be "with it," he proceeded to hand him the right order and he left. Now I don't want to sound out of place, but that food that came back should either been eaten by workers or just given to the previous customer for free and new food made. Im not a sanity freak but come on. Okay now.....I got that off my chest...Back to the food, dishes are bright colorful as well as flavorful. Setback that the starches (naan, rice) are extra for dishes that require something to rest upon as you enjoy the food. It is Halal (Middle Eastern for Kosher aka blessed). I would have to say trying new cuisine is an adventure for me both for my mind and palate.The food was amazing. I got the chicken tikka masala and the samosa chat. My husband got lamb curry which was so delicious. The portions were huge and the flavors were rich and delightful. The service was great and we enjoyed the selection of music. All in all, a great decision and we look forward to coming back again.We went for dinner last night and this was my 1st time dining here. My only disappointment was that they didn't have anything available from the children's menu and my kids are picky eaters. But anyway, the food is really good and the portions are big! It's much cheaper then going into the city too. The owner was very nice as well. My only recommendation would be to offer pitchers of water or soda instead of buying each bottled drink separately. But overall I was satisfied and happy that I found a place in the northeast.The restaurant itself is clean, but more of a takeout place although there are tables and one can sit down and be served. Like another reviewer said, it is very plain with views of soda machines and the counter. 
But the food...some of the best Indian food I've ever had! Tasty and large portions and an excellent selection. I use the Chicken Tikka as a test to get a first impression of the food quality and this was ample and flavorful. I also have had the Dall Makhani, Chicken Baryani, Samosa Chat, Papri Chat and Chana Chat and the naan and garlic naan breads. 
You are asked to choose your level of heat from 1 to 10. I chose 7 which I found comfortable, but I do like a bit of heat. 
Prices are fair, portions huge and the food tasty. It's become my go-to place for Indian takeout.This is the finest Indian restaurant I have ever dined. The naan breads are excellent and all of the entries were superb. The spices and flavors are nicely blended especially the chicken tiki Marsala.
You will not find a better Indian restaurant anywhere in Philadelphia.
Service was impeccable, the chef is very well trained and classically prepares his dishes with attentiveness to the tastes and spice blends.
And it is a byob, so prices are very reasonable.Niso, our server was wonderful!! Her recommendations were spot on. We tried several meals and were impressed by all of them, specifically the Tikkaa Masala. We would certainly recommend this food to any one who enjoys Indian cuisine.Update!: It looks like they've made a few changes to the decor.. :) good job folks!.. I'm glad they're working towards an improved interior because the food's really good!
This is my go to indian spot in the northeast.. They have never let me down with the consistency of their food. I've ordered for up to 125 people from this restaurant and didn't see them cut any corners.. They recently came under new management and the food continues to be on point with my expectation. 
Granted they are not my favorite indian restaurant in philly but they come pretty close... Why 4 stars? Because of the decor.. It just needs one final push towards making the seating more comfortable and giving it the look and feel of a classic indian restaurant and bringing it out of the cafe look.. Apart from that.. HIGHLY recommended.I always get their chicken biryani. Medium spicy is very spicy! Their naan and goat karahi is delicious too!Place is quite which is good if you want to enjoy your diner in quite atmosphere. Nice design.
FOOD! Food was delicious. Chicken masala - the best! Also you have choice to have it spicy or not. Grill was tasty too. All food was fresh and they really cook it fresh . Price is good too. It was my first time in this restaurant and I ll come back there for sure. Thank you for tasty diner !We came in for a Saturday lunch buffet. The food was cold and some of the dishes were watery.I love this restaurant they have great service and nice atmosphere great food , I come aa much as I can i really enjoy their food.I loveeee indian food, but I haven't ventured to many Indian restaurants since moving here...at least not as many as I would have liked to try at this point. This is hands down the best I've had outside of the south philly/center city area. Although the decor inside is sparse borderline looks-like-theyve-been-robbed, I've eaten at hole in the walls like this before and I know that decor definitely does not make or break a meal.
 The service was great and attentive...and I should hope so because we were the only ones dining in. There were a lot of customers in and out with take out and ordering meat (they sell raw meat that is purchasable for religious customs of how the meat was prepared, but I am not sure if it is Halal or Kosher or...?)
The food was excellent, esp the okra dish and the chicken tikka masala. The garlic naan was awesome and thin / light, and the rice was steamed to perfection. Love everything we tried.
Will be back!! The food also came out quickly.This place is pretty divey, but I normally careless about the atmosphere as long as there's good food, which this place doesn't quite have. We ordered the veggie samosa, naan, Aloo tikki, lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala.  The veggie samosa and aloo tikki were not flavorful and very bland. It was premade, sitting on the counter, and bagged when I got there to pick them up. They didn't even bothering reheating them before giving them to the customer.  I heated them up when I went home, but they both tasted like bland mashed up potatoes. No spices or flavors that are typical of Indian food. The chicken tikka masala was okay. It is normally my fave dish to order, but the chicken tikka masala here  lacks flavor. It was honestly a bit too red and oily that I was a bit scared to eat it. The lamb vindaloo was the only dish that I enjoyed, but there was barely any lamb. It was mostly sauce and oil, but very nicely spiced. The naan was huge disappointment. Two of the three naans were burnt. They were wrapped in aluminum foil, and by the time that I got home (15 min drive), it was a soggy mess. Thank god, they included rice with it so I had something to eat the dishes with. But overall, if it wasn't for the lamb vindaloo and nicely flavored rice, this place will get a 1 star.I've been to this place a few times and while I haven't sampled even half the menu yet I can say I'd be surprised if I received something lacking in quality.  The flavors were all excellent and the spice level was in line with what I'd requested.  The people manning the shop are friendly and relatively speedy about take-out orders.  It'd be nice if they delivered, but it's worth the trip over.  The atmosphere is a bit odd inside.  The interior walls are lined with shelves of Indo-Pakistani grocery items.  I doubt that would affect the food much, though.THEIR FOOD IS AMAZING!!!!! I absolutely love this place. This is the place I take people who have know prior experience with Indian food because I know they'll love it :D Don't be fooled by its looks. This place rocks!!!!!Like other reviewers, I was initially a bit put off by the decor (it really is a market) and they don't serve alcohol. However the food was AMAZING they ask beforehand and spiced exactly to our specifications, authentic and delicious, plus reasonably priced (they accept credit cards). The staff was very gracious and friendly. We will definitely be returning! In fact, I cannot wait to go back. YUM YUMVery very good Indian / Paki food at reasonable prices. They could use more of a drink selection, and it is not fancy or anything, but our server BeeBee was super friendly and TRY THE FRUIT SALAD FOR DESERT which was really delicious. Portions are very large and the spices in the Goat Vindaloo and Chicken Biryani were authentic and well-balanced. We will be back. My friends from Pakistan seemed pleased.I recently discovered this place while driving through the Northeast and was pleasantly surprised.  The dining area is nothing special, but the lack of interior charm is more than made up for by the food.  I ordered my Indian restaurant standard - Saag Paneer - and it was among the best I've had.  The portion was large, as was the side of rice it came with.  In addition, the prices are fairly low and the service was friendly and accommodating.  Don't let the strip mall setting fool you and check out Zaika the next time you're in this area.The seating on the inside of the place was a little too hospital cafeteria, but the food was delicious.The interior is a tad off putting but don't let that discourage you. The food is great... No frills, but still delicious.Really small joint with excellent Indian food.  Authentic music playing at a pleasant volume with extremely friendly staff.  This place wasn't super busy so expect to get seated fairly quickly.  Good price and large portions of wonderfully flavorful food!Eating here is like dining in a 7-11. Horrible atmosphere. The food was pretty decent though. Especially the basmati rice, vegetable samosas, and the naan. The chicken tikka masala was quite heavy (but delicious)  I am kind of big on atmosphere though. This establishment needs to hire a decorator, ASAP.I knew from the first time I walked in and saw a half butchered lamb staring at me with it's tongue hanging out that this was the place for me. The portions are large, the food is tasty, and the service is extra friendly. I have eaten here at least once a week since I discovered it 6 months ago.  If you like your Indian spicy you'll have to make sure to specify that. They tend to go easy on the heat unless you mention it. With all that said, I do have to agree with the comments on the inside of the place; but since I just grab my food to go it doesn't bother me.The worst customer service , I waited for 45 minutes for just a cup of tea.. the manager was so rude to the waitress, I felt bad for her.. when I asked  the waitress to check if the food is ready the manager yelled at her.. and I could hear him, out in the dining area.... the manager doesn't have any manners ...Came here recently after grandpa took the kids for an overnight and they don't care for Indian food.
My wife and I tried a large variety of appetizers including the Vegetable Pakora (spiced and lightly fried in batter), Vegetable Samosa, and Aloo Tikki (fried spiced patties) along with some Naan.
All of the above appetizers were delicious and we felt the Samosa and Tikki had the same insides, but prepared in different manners.  The Pakora was not over fried and really tasted nice.
For my main meal, I had the Lamb Karahi (w/fresh tomatoes, herbs, and pepper).  wife had Chicken Tikka Marsala.  I asked for spicy, wife did not.  The color was quite a vibrant red with the Tikka Marsala and we both felt it had too much of a cream flavor which was overpowering.  After the chicken was all gone, there was still quite a bit of the sauce left.  Since I asked for spicy the wife did not even try it.  It had a lot of lamb and I felt it could have been even hotter.  Tasty, though.
As others have said, there is hardly any ambiance here as a sit-down restaurant.  Very basic tables, uncomfortable chairs, and a view of some refrigerators for sodas and desserts.  There is a television.  A few others came in for sit-down meals,  but I think this is a better take-out place.
Overall, for Indian food this is a good choice!I'm a great fan of the Pakistani cuisine at this casual place in northeast Philadelphia. After chatting with the new owner I learned that it's undergoing renovations and the appearance will improve soon. The quality of food is amazing and the owner would like to maintain the consistency of food that the customers have always enjoyed here.This was close to a 2 star review...
I chose this place because it was the closest place to work with Indian food. I called ahead and the order took little time to be ready. I ordered the Lamb Saag and some samosas.
As this was purely a take-out order I won't comment much on the service but I did witness some freebies being given to a group of customers dining in. The dining area is minimal but I personally don't mind for this kind of place which likely is focused on take-out. Also, I give smaller places a pass because of what they might be able to afford.
The real test is the food which was very tasty. Note that you can customize the spice level to your liking. I chose medium and there was just enough spice for me without leaving me numb in the mouth. The saag was different from what I've had before but I think this might be a regional variation (in India and Pakistan). I didn't love that the samosas were cold but perhaps this is the way they are supposed to be (thinking street food). This does mean that they are made in batches and are kept in the dining room waiting to be served. I personally would have preferred them warmed up.
Things to note: $10 minimum was what I remember seeing posted and the order did not come with utensils. I did not ask for them and didn't notice when the order was bagged right in front of me.
In a pinch I would go again but I've had better (mostly in New England though). If Indeblue (in Center City) had a location in Northeast Philly I'd go with that.Dinner was a simple lamb, spicy tomato dish, basmati rice, a chicken samosa and a light, crisp naan. Yes the ambiance is a classic strip mall, a Pakistan/India store/meat counter/restaurant - but I'm not here to impress or be impressed by that . Bonus - a friendly conversation with a local resident, and the lights (and AC) go out toward the end. Woot! Authentic all the way!So, let me explain one more thing.
I gave Zaika 5 stars before, and after visiting them again, I wish I could get them 5+. Here's my reason why: there is another take-out place in Bensalem that sells fantastic kebabs. I mean, I'm talking about a really good product here. I always thought to myself, "the one food that Zaika gets beat on is the kebab".
I went to Zaika last week and ordered my regular chicken curry, rice, and pakora. It didn't feel right not to order some chicken kebabs, and I thought to myself, "well, I'm already here and I don't plan on going to the other place, so why not?".
Lo' and behold, they were incredible. You can taste all of the ingredients and spices, and the execution of the food is phenomenal. I cannot wait to go again. 
TL;DR version: Everything is better than the other places you go to, including the kebabs. I'm hungry.Finally got around to trying Zaika today.  Food was very good; however it was a bit difficult to tell initially as the spice level was definitely not even along the same scoville scale as I ordered.  Way too hot for mild.  That said the food was tasty and portions ample, more than enough for two or three or maybe four, which was really challenging for me as I'm the only Indian food lover in the house, so I will be eating vegetable Biryani for weeks.   I got take out and the young woman who waited on me was helpful and absolutely delightful.  I will definitely be going back, but will choice other less heat provoking options.  Than you Yelpers of a good recommendation.To the super accommodating, super gracious, super nice guy who answered the phone, took our order, and delivered food to us last night, despite the fact that we're well out of Zaika's delivery zone: THANK YOU!!
My boyfriend and I were craving Indian last night, and we live in the Mayfair section of Philly (read: Irish dive bars and pizza shops as far as the eyes can see, but not much else). After doing a Yelp search for Indian restaurants in the area, I decided to give Zaika a call since the ratings on here are great and I was taking a shot hoping they'd deliver.
Not only did they agree to deliver out of their zone for us, and read parts of the menu off to us because there's not one online other than the small snapshots people have taken, AND let us order under their delivery minimum, they also came with TASTY FOOD. DELICIOUS. The Korma was creamy, had those delightful bits of cashews and raisins in it, just enough heat to it, and really tender chicken. I hate when Indian places throw huge, dry cubes of chicken in there. These bits were perfectly braised. My boyfriend also loved the Tikka Masala, and both dishes had the perfect ratio of meat to sauce so there was plenty there for the dipping. The rice was just plain beautiful, and the naan was great too.
So, this experience sealed the deal for us, we'll now be regulars. In the future I plan to order and pick up on my way home from work in order to not send them out of their way again, as it's totally going to be worth it. Although, I do recommend that the owners consider extending their delivery range, and definitely get their menu up online (or even better, sign up with Grub Hub). They could probably make a killing, as not all of us in the Northeast are only interested in wings and cheap pizza. This gentleman was so appreciative for our business, and it was refreshing not only that they went out of their way for us, but that they also served up some really good quality food. 5++ stars. Try this place!Food is good, interior is a bore. Waitress was sweet. I like this place. The food is always hot and fresh. Delicious naansDisappointed!One star for the people there--friendly/welcoming.
After reading reviews here I gave it a try.The place smells of rotting meat--literally.The smell was so obnoxious that we decided to do a takeout.While the food was getting prepared we chose to stand out in the cold.Ordered papri chat for starters and malai kofta/kashmiri chicken/naan for dinner.Papri chaat was average--not the best I have had in philly.makhni kofta and chicken were submerged in oil.We scraped off atleast 20 teaspoon of oil floating on top.plenty of artificial color in the curry--stuck to our fingers even long after finishing the meal/washing hands again and again.All in all a bad experience.There are better options around.Another point--not a single soul arrived there in the 30 odd minutes we stood outside--this was on a saturday evening 7 pm--speaks for itself!
Not going back.Great chicken korma, naan, samosa had pine nuts-one of the best I've had. Staff was incredibly nice. It is truly like eating in a store but it allows the owners to function in multiple ways ethnic store/restaurant/catering. Worth the trip if you are ok w zero ambience but food made w love.BYOB and the best Indian food I've had in Philly to date! The Naan -- we tried 3 types -- was spot-on. As was the chicken Saag and chicken Marsala. Can't wait to revisit Zaika!Oh my gosh, their FISH CURRY!  One of the best foods I've ever eaten in my life!!  The spice level was medium-high, and it was perfect. 
Unfortunately it was pretty expensive --- $12.  Although I can't wait to try more items on their menu, I won't be going there often because it's a bit pricey for a casual place.Because of how good it was the first time I dined in there, I wanted to wait and try it a few more times before writing a review. I can now say, after another 3 trips there, that Zaika is one of the best features of Northeast Philadelphia. It's right behind Nifty Fifties, so look for the neon lights, and then park your car in the strip mall. 
They ask you how spicy you want the food, and will prepare it to that level of heat.  So, don't feel intimidated about trying Indo-Pak food for the first time.  It won't overwhelm you.
The leftovers somehow taste even better.  The staff is friendly.  It's a pretty quiet dining room, although the dining room is not much to look at.  There's no soda fountain, so you have to buy cans or bottles of soda/water/vitamin water from a cooler next to the counter. And I don't think they have a restroom for customers. Maybe it's in the back, but there aren't any signs for it.
But frankly, all of the dining room features are unimportant because the food is just so very good.  I would recommend this 10 out of 10 times to friends and family.  Northeast Philly has a surplus of pizza/cheese-steak/wing places. Zaika is a fresh change of pace from the usual take-out places around us.  Forget about some of the best Indo-Pak food you'll ever have (which it is!), this is some of the best food you'll ever have in Philadelphia.This place has incredible Indian/Pakistani food, it's more of a take out place so don't judge it for its grocery store appearance. Very friendly owners and great fresh food. Priced fairly
A total gem in NE PhillyBest food ever eaten in North America ... Just need to work on service that all but not bad ...i am going life time costumer ...Don't be scared of the market set up - EAT HERE!  It's worth the 40 minute drive for us...so that's sayin something!  
You really should order the lamb gorma and the onion naan and DIP it!  So good!  The sauces they served with our fried vegetable appetizer were also really great.  Very nicely seasoned.  The gulab jamun was cool because it was unlike any dessert we've ever had and it was a nice light way to end the meal, plus it left us with fresh breath!  
Next time we'll try more food - and there WILL be a next time!  Yum!
PS:  We were the 1st ones in there and the server was very attentive.  Then the place filled up and people started ordering at the counter and seating themselves....so just go with the flow.  If it's busy - grab a table and send someone to the counter with your order.  Otherwise, sit down, relax and enjoy!Though I've only had two dishes here I quite liked them a lot and plan on coming back.
Firstly I had the goat Keema Naan which was fabulous. The goat was perfectly seasoned and the bread was baked very well. I then had the chicken tikka biryani, and despite the red food coloring, I really liked it. I got mild spice not knowing what to expect and it was on par with what I expected (as in, my nose only ran a little and I didn't break out in a sweat). 
Be forewarned this is a take out place, though I ate in. There's not much to see and I was a little disappointed in their drink selection (no lassi, really?). Also their dessert selection (only two options?). However, I feel their good food more than makes up for it. Friday night take out, here I come!Amazing!! Consistently great food! Must try the chicken 65 and kabobs! Always on point! Great customer service and food!The chicken tikka masala is amazing here. Beware though, if you say spicy... It's going to make you sweat. The takeout service is great at lunch time, and the portions could be shared.I first met Rabia and Muhammad at a volunteer event where they exclusively catered over 150 members of the Camden, NJ community free of charge as part of a Christmas Celebration. Needless to say, you could taste their passion in their food. 
Zaika continues to exceed expectations in quality, consistency, and price. If you are in the area, go here not only for delicious food but for the great People as well.My local friends brought me here and I absolutely loved it. The staff are incredibly polite and thoughtful - full of smiles and kindness. The food was excellent; just the right amount of spices with good flavor. Will come back when am in townDelicious, full of flavor and the price is comparable to other restaurants in the area. The lady who runs it is an absolute joy & I look forward to my bi-monthly trips here. The saag paneer, bhindi masala and the chana masala are all I order. Along with naan and vegetable samosas. My mouth is just watering thinking about that yummy goodness.Best (but only) Indian food I've had in the Northeast! Like many reviews say, the interior isn't anything special or fancy. Basically tables in the middle of a little grocery shop. BUT the food is damn good. I mostly order one of their 3 lunch specials, usually a meat curry with rice (or naan), tandoori chicken and a can of soda for about $7. The portions aren't overbearing, just right for my appetite but it can get messy if you're not properly stationed at a table (as I learned when I ordered the chicken tikka masala and spilled it in my car). They are located in the plaza with Nifty Fifties so there is parking in the lot. Fast and friendly service. Cash and credit accepted.Great food, great service and great price.
I've been coming here for a while now and never bothered to write a review until now.  My family ALWAYS gets the chicken tikkah masala, its that good, trust me.  Their naan is also good however I have had better naan's before.  Chicken 65 is good as well but the recipe is def. a bit different.  Their chicken kabobs are on par with any kabobs you might have.  Overall, this place is top notch and can go head to head with any other indo-pak food in the area.This place is wonderful. We tried mostly vegetarian dishes and all were stellar. We also had the chicken tikka masala which was delicious. The spice levels offered are mild, medium, and hot. The "medium" spice was just right for most of us, about equivalent to hot Mexican food. Perfect for sharing and trying new flavors! The samosas were an ideal appetizer. We also had the masala spiced naan. Great service and BYOB. Wonderful place on a freezing night!There's little more satisfying than finding a little hole-in-the-wall where the food is outstanding.  This is that place.  Greart Pakistani/Indian food made to order...hidden behind Nifty Fifty.Still great food, some cosmetic updates in the dining room make it a little less butcher shop and grocery store-esque. Chef and owner are still the same and thankfully so is the food! Hands down the best Pakistani food, and will even give Indian restaurants a run for their money!Came here tonight with my sister. Like the other reviews say, do not judge this place by its appearances. When you first walk in it seems like it could Definately use a little redecoration. But with the good reviews I had to try it! We ordered the garlic naan, chicken biryani, Butter chicken and chicken 65. The do not have fountain soda, they're beverages are all bottles you get from a fridge. The food was awesome! Loved the garlic naan which came with a cucumber yogurt sauce. We got mild spiced butter chicken and chicken 65, both delicious. The chicken biryani was bone in chicken, and awesome. The waitress was suppper friendly. I would absolutely recommend for a takeout place..I visited Zaika for the first time last night and was so amazed by my meal and experience that I felt compelled to give them a review...they more than deserve it. 
First off, you are greeted by a most gracious and knowledgeable staff. Our waiter was patient while my party of 3 decided what to order, and gave us recommendations based on our personal likes and dislikes. We felt like welcomed guests in his home, and you could tell that he enjoyed his job. 
Our appetizers, Garlic Naan and Chicken Pakora came out quickly and piping hot. The Garlic Naan was no doubt delicious, it was topped with fresh garlic and fresh herbs, and was perfect by itself or dipped into the sauces of our main dishes. The Chicken Pakora was my favorite. It was flavorful, slightly spicy, crispy and especially wonderful when dipped in either the yogurt or tamarind sauces. 
We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Korma, and I got the Chicken Tandoori. The Chicken Tandoori was a recommendation from our waiter and I am SO glad I ordered it. It was succulent, juicy, smoky from the coals/clay oven, spicy, and had a vibrant red color. TRULY SCRUMPTIOUS! Both the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Korma were complex, wonderfully seasoned, each had large pieces of chicken or lamb. Our only complaint was that there wasn't more of it for leftovers, but we did take home sauce and rice.
In conclusion, when the waiter asked how our food was I jokingly asked him if the owners were looking to adopt a daughter. Yes, it is THAT good...go now!!Have been going here for years. Staff and owner have always been very pleasant. One of my favorite desi restaurant if not the best. The chicken tikka Biryani is my favorite along with first khadi. 
Recently been ordering the chili chicken and that's been great. Definitely would recommend this spot to ask if my friends.The food at this place is really really really good. The service is also good. 
That being said the seating is very limited, and because the door is open quite frequently, in the warmer weather, you get a fair amount of flies buzzing around in there. I have eaten there several times. It is a real find.If you want a beautiful dining room, or people that are amazingly fluent in English this place isn't for you.Really great hole in the wall place! The food was very good and the hostess was very nice and helpful in explaining what to order. Had the butter chicken and naan. Both were the best I've had in the US.