Somehow was able to get a seat at the bar on a Friday night (only because people were leaving the bar and I swiped their seats).  Otherwise, it would have been a good 60-90 minutes for a seat.
I ordered some of their rosemary flatbread for starters, which was delicious.  It came out hot and freshly made.  For dinner, I ordered the Gnocchi.  It came out soft and melted in your mouth. To die for, if you're a fan!!  If you're a pizza fan, I've heard good things about the pizza, but I didn't get a chance to try it.  Definitely a go to place if you can.  It's amazing I didn't come here when I lived in Philadelphia!Excellent. My boyfriend and I had a late-night visit after work the other day, and we ordered the meat/cheese tray and the Stache. Both were awesome (quince jam on the meat tray!!), and the bartender (I believe his name was Ray) makes a mean Old Fashioned. And a super friendly staff, to boot!I've been here twice and loved it both times!
The first time, the boyfriend and I split the polpettini pizza (mini veal meatballs) and the sausage pizza.  Both were very tasty with the perfect amount of cheese/sauce/meat ratio.  Crust was very crispy. 
The second time we went, we shared the simple but delicious margherita pizza, and 2 pasta dishes.  One was parm, ramps, and speck angel hair, and the other was a bacon chorizo gnocchi of sorts.  Both pastas were amazing and I wished the dishes were bigger so I could really stuff my face!
Zavino also has a great draft beer and wine selection.  The servers are friendly and knowledgeable.  The only downside is that the place is very small so on a busy night there is a wait.  The bonus is that they have outdoor seating!  It's a must-try pizza place if you like tasty, thin, and simple pies coupled with good drinks.Excellent pizza and meatballs, and the bar menu is quite good as well.
Fantastic spot to sit outside and people watch.  Save $40 and walk across the street from El Vez.I went with my girlfriends and we ordered the garden, kennett, and the "stache" pizza, as well as the gnocchi, and the avocado salad. I loved the gnocchi and the avocado salad! They were both very delicious. The "stache" was more popular amongst my friends.
The service was very good. Our waitress was very attentive. It was a pleasing time here.Really great little Italian wine bar. We stopped in for a quick bite to eat - it was indeed quick to get food, but not quick to get a table. They are just too popular. However, getting on the wait list isn't a problem and they'll text you when your table is ready. No big deal.
We shared the fettuccine (tasty) and the eggplant parm (some of the best we've ever had). We also ordered a side of rosemary flatbread. The latter tasted good, but reminded me a lot of naan - not the normal texture of flatbread. So while it was good, it didn't mentally fit with what I thought I was ordering. 
Service is fine, though spotty at times when it's super busy. I was super impressed that despite the rush, the manager (owner?) stopped by to say hi and see how things were.
I'd love to go back when the weather is warmer and we can enjoy a more leisurely meal outdoors. Definitely a nice little place!Why hasn't everyone given this place 5 stars. This place is the best pizza of my life get the Joey its incredible. Drinks especially the seasonal Sangrias are always very good. The summer sangria is my  personal favorite. The pizza is big enough to share or small enough to eat by yourself without feeling guilty. The ingredients are fresh and the pizza is not greasy at all. I only wish they had dessert to finalize a perfect meal every time..Packed on a recent Saturday night, my wife and I managed to squeeze into the bar on one stool!  Celine, our bartender was incredible, first making us killer "Graveyard Shift" cocktails, then tipping us when two stools were emptying at the other end of the bar so we could sit comfortably and order more food and wine.  We loved the daily board special of Bresaola, Hot (!) Capicola, and cheeses, and it was more than enough for dinner for 2. The Barbera blend we had was perfect as well. I'm not sure what some of the gripes about service are about in the reviews below but look for Celine at the bar and you'll be glad you did.Very warm ambience, a little noisy, I wasn't to fond of the television in the bar area. Pizza is really good. Nice locationAfter some long hard hours of shopping, my mom and i decided that 1. we were starving and 2. we needed a drink. Thankfully Zavino was right around the corner. 
We walked in and decided to sit at the bar as all the tables were taken in this teeny tiny place. We started with the sangria which I thought was very tasty. I loved the spices they used. Perfect for a fall day. 
For our meal we split the stache pizza and the beet salad. Both were great. The beet salad was obviously with goat cheese and the beets had this sweetness to them that was fantastic. Next was the stache pizza which was awesome. You can really taste the wood oven in the crust which was awesome and i loved the pistachio pesto...perfect touch.Fantastic service and food! We had the ricotta with rosemary naan, the Kennet pizza, and a Caesar salad. The ricotta was our favorite!I will not be back here.  This is the second time I've tried to enjoy an experience here.  
Jon M. and I ordered a beer and cheese.  Beers were half sized, mini beers with the price of a regular beer.  30 minutes later, our two slices of mini cheese arrived for the price of something you would find a Tria. The cheese was good ( a goat/cow mix) but the service was slow, portions were tiny and bartenders were unapologetic.  
Do yourself a favor.... Pass on Zavino.I don't understand anyone who has a problem with this gluten-free dough. The pies which come from Italian market bakery, Taffett's, is a treat for the GF community. Maybe one particular reviewer had a fluke or has no appreciation for how lucky we are to have this option around.Great place to try and would come back again the meat n cheese board is fantastic..n the pizza was about 3 stars, def would recommend it if u love italian food!Okay food for a city restaurant with city prices. A little gimmicky. Service was casual yet professional and friendly. Food did come quickly in spite of it being weekend business. Dessert selection is very sparse. Decent alcohol selection if you're into that sort of thing.  Overall, worth a visit.This place is hard to review for me. 
Pizza: high quality cheese, spinach, perfectly seasoned sausage. Sadly, it was burnt.
Wine: the malbec was awesome, but blend red came out COLD. Not just room temperature cold, it was almost chilled. I don't know what kind of wine bar would serve cold red wine. 
Ambiance: cute, but definitely tight on space. If you're above an average sized person you will definitely not be able to get to your seat; I'm a size 2 and had trouble getting in and out. 
Would be willing to try the place again on a less crowded day.Another good recommendation from a NY coworker who had her rehearsal dinner here.  Seating is a bit cramped but a fun, bustling place.  A good variety of salads, pizza and pasta.  My arugula and pistachio pesto pizza was delish as was my hubby's prosciutto and béchamel pizza.This place has great reviews and a great location so i was very excited about going here for lunch. I found myself disappointed. The waiters weren't very friendly and seemed very bored and distracted The olives at the beginning were extremely salty, and i couldn't eat them and believe me i don't really say that because i LOVE olives. We also ordered the mushroom crostini which was absolutely fabulous although some people in my party didn't enjoy it. It was heavy on the mushrooms which is very important. The bread was crunchy and the juices from the mushrooms had soaked into the bread which made it amazing. For the main course we ordered the Margherita pizza and the stache pizza. I personally didn't enjoy the Margherita as i like a extremely thin crust Margherita. The Margherita  was also burned not good overall. The stache was good but wasn't amazing. It had a lot of greens on top which was great as it added freshness so the pizza wasn't very heavy. The setting was nice and the inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated and the restaurant was in a great location as i said before. Overall ok restaurant, but I was sort of disappointedQuite honestly, I feel the gluten free pizza bases, which are from a famous GF bakery, made the pizza taste like pizza bread.  The base tasted like pizza toppings on the GF frozen bread you get.
The only reason I gave it a 2 is because although the GF bases didn't go well with the pizza, the toppings were clever and flavorful. Their reg pizzas probably taste a lot better than the GF if they make the dough from scratchHad a religious experience here last night. Got the Flatbread with Ricotta & Honey, Gnocchi and The Joey - Pizza. I don't think food will taste the same after that meal. 10/10 banger meal.4 years ago lucked into this quaint place. Visiting Philly for the 4th and lucked into it again. Pizzas were excellent. Everything was excellent. Hope it's not 4 years again.The meat & cheese platter was exceptional, I enjoyed every bite. I would recommend to anyone coming to the area and will try and stop by again if I am every in Philadelphia again. I also had the gnocchi, which was made in house & very yummy. The portion for the pasta was small, which works for me but I wouldn't recommend someone with a healthy appetite get just one dish.
I had a few glasses of a very good merlot & enjoyed the atmosphere. The bartender was very pleasant, funny and attentive to all the customers.Wine + pizza = bliss. 
What a pleasant way to spend my last evening in Philadelphia, drinking wine and sampling a variety of pizzas. We started with anti pasta platter, gnocchi, and a scrapple pasta dish, all very delicious.   Next we sampled five pizzas. Veal meatball pizza and the  margherita pizza were my favs. Finally we finished with a trio of desserts.
What pushed Zavino from a four to a five star experience was the superior customer service. We were a party of 12 which could have been overwhelming for this small venue, but the staff set us up and was personable and helpful all evening without being overbearing. 
Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!My first time here. My friend and I did some shopping on Memorial Day and were walking past and decided to stop in. We grabbed a couple seats at the bar and were prompty greeted. We ordered a bottle of rose and a pizza. The rose retails for around $15 and they charged over $40. Oh well, it was good. The pizza on the other hand was terrific. Looking at the dishes the other dinners were enjoying, I'd say they are at the top of their game. We will definitely stop back the next we are in the neighborhood.AWESOME gluten free pizza. You have the option to make any of their pizza gluten free which is hard to come by in most places. They also have some great appetizers on their menu. 
Keep in mind - no reservations - we got lucky because a group got up and left right when my girlfriends and I walked in. There is usually a wait though.Wow, I am from the city, been here my whole life and I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant ever especially by a bartender. We were at the location on 3100 market. Last seating is at 9 and he made sure to remind us more than once ,we got there a little before 9 , he rushed us to order and said the kitchen is closing so we ordered..it was about 9:10. I was just there for a quick bite because my mother is in the hospital and we just wanted to relax have a drink and have some dinner. We had already paid our bill ( over tipped the bartender because we are not creeps) it was a little bit before 10 but we were just sitting there talking and they were a few other people still at the bar but haven't left yet, then the bartender basically said, "they're locking the doors now so you're gonna have to get going". I'm sorry I'm not gonna complain about the food because the food was good but the bartender that was there on February 10 was pretty much the worst person and bartender I have ever met , pretentious and just a real jerk. I asked for my drink that was on the menu up (I just didn't want ice) and he flat out said no and brought me a drink in a martini glass with ice) I will never ever go back there and I will tell all my friends and family not to come there and also the people at the hospital who recommended this place who have not tried it yet ...I will let them know as well how unwelcoming your restaurant is. We did tell the bartender how we felt when we left and he said "it's coming from my manager, I answer to someone else" Nice. Word of advice. Get a new bartender. 
StefanieJessie and Lauren were incredibly attentive. Food is great.  Thanks to their suggestions we loved the food. Try the spaghettini squash and Joey pizza.  Loved it and their wonderful service made it extra special.I LOVE everything I eat here!  
I'm obsessed with the pizza with the polpettini (veal meatballs), they are so tender and stuffed with ricotta.  basically one of the best things I've had to eat in Philly!  But I've loved everything else I've eaten here too.
It's a small place so you may have to wait for a table, but the staff is very helpful and there's plenty of bars nearby where you can kill time (Bar and Time, for example)
I will go here every chance I get.  Pizza and wine. mmmm  mm  mmmmBest pizza in the city. This place is great for a date or very small group. The wine list is impressive and there is something for everyone. Zavinos is a place I will always go to when I want pizza. Always fresh ingredientsAs I got my first taste of the cow's milk ricotta with honey and citrus oil accompanied by rosemary flatbread, all I could think was: "Wow! This tastes exactly like Trix cereal!"
Clearly, I own quite the renowned palate. Maybe this review shouldn't be taken seriously. But I'll leave that up to you.
So let's back up.
After a long, grueling, painful day of gift shopping, I realized that I 1) was hungry because I'm a human and we humans eat regularly and 2) had not made a reservation anywhere and was presently standing in Center City on a Saturday. Wanting to try somewhere new-to-me, I decided to risk a massive wait and headed in to the first place that caught my eye: Zavino.
Fortunately, bar seats were open. My throbbing legs were grateful, and the HopDevil that was instantly provided by the nice bartender/server was quite fantastic... as per usual, because who in Philly would hate on Victory in a review?
We're now back to the point in the story where the Trix-tasting ricotta comes into play. Now. They really weren't bad, per se. They were just. Different. I ate them, mostly due to hunger, but also because they were... different.
Once finished with that plate, I was mostly full, but then the margarita pizza came out. It wasn't the greatest pizza in Philly, but it was that crusty, thin kind straight from the brick oven that so that gives it brownie points. Plus, it warmed up nicely the next day. I'd be interested in trying their other types beyond the marg.
Zavino was a fine end-of-shopping-day choice, and I would definitely keep it in mind for future pizza outings. Though I may skip out on that ricotta!Is it just me or is 13th and Sansom basically the best lil' food corner in Philly?! Zavino is one of my faves. Lemme tell ya why:
-Great for happy hour (8 dollar margherita pizzas~ can I get an amen!)
-Rotating Rose (I love alliteration and I love pink drinks)
-All the salads (pre-pizza-binge nutrients)
-All the meats and cheeses (charcuterie makes me feel fancy)
-All the pizzas (look at that freakin' crust! Look at the bubbles! Gotta love a bubbly crust)
-Outdoor seating (people watching fans rejoice)
-Friendly service (but let's be honest, they could be assholes and I'd still willingly come here)
Specific recommendations include the beet & goat cheese salad, the brussels, the broccoli, the meatballs, the Joey, and any of the specials. They're always on point.
Zavino, you're great. Keep doin' what ya do.A friend who moved away a few months ago wanted to hit Zavino's on her brief return to the city this weekend - that alone should have told me that this was going to be good. I am not sure how I spent 4 years in this city and missed this charming wine/pizza place right in the thick of 13th Street's delicious restaurant corridor, but I had somehow overlooked it. No more!
The space is small and feels very warm and welcoming. Service was friendly without being overbearing and helpful when it came to making drink choices. I went with two friends and we shared the roasted vegetable plate and two pizzas - the polpettini and the spinach. The roasted vegetable plate was the perfect size for sharing and had lots of delicious variety - eggplant and onions and zucchini and tomatoes and more! Yum. The spinach pizza had a creamy, buttery flavor - thank god for the green vegetables, which felt like they balanced out the decadence! The star of the evening was the polpettini, with delicious meatballs of veal and a warm, rich flavor. Two pizzas were the perfect size to split among three of us, with a few slices left for bringing home. I definitely plan to head back to try more delicious pizzas!Great experience here for a late brunch yesterday. The brussels are my favorite in the city, charred and delicious. Generous portion, too. The ricotta appetizer is huge and priced fairly. This is by far my favorite place to grab a pizza and some wine! I appreciate that they offer different sized pours on their wine list.  I loved sitting at the bar yesterday and the service from Dan was perfect.The food here is really good.  The Sheep's Milk Ricotta was very flavorful and the bread was delicious.  Every we tried was tasty and fresh.  It is definitely a nice, little wine bar.  I'll be back.Great service and awesome food! I personally prefer Zavino over Tria. Their price is comparable to their food quality and portioning (I'm saying theirs is bigger, remember, bigger doesnt mean better!). LOVE their spaghetti squash dish whatever that was, it's bangin'! I am coming back fo' sho'!Very pleasant experience our first time here. Place was somewhat packed, but the hostess was very helpful and polite to squeeze us in. Our seats were near the fireplace where they blast the pizzas, so it was a little much being that it was a warm night, but that's a minor gripe. 
Service was very prompt and pleasant. Pizza was delicious and so was the wine. 
Highly recommend for a summer night. Dining out on the sidewalk seemed like it would be nice than the cramped interior. I'll be back...This was the best pizza I have had in the longest time.
Such an amazing variety of food, with combinations that not only entice the taste buds, but ingredients that beyond-flatter each other.
Bravo!It has been almost a month and I'm still dreaming about the meal I had at Zavino. I was visiting from out of town and took a chance on a Saturday night.  It was packed and I expected to wait, but it was just 2 of us and we were seated immediately.  The atmosphere is fantastic; we were seated with a direct view of the wood-fired oven and with the windows open there was a fantastic breeze.  We ordered the ricotta (don't skip this I'm telling you!), brussels sprouts and a bacon pizza, finished off with the tiramisu.  There really are no words... it was just that perfect. I am considering another trip to Philadelphia just for the food!As far as places to get a good meal at a good price, it doesn't get much better than this. Food is outstanding. The Stache and the Diavolo pizzas are my favorite. Also enjoy the Kennett. Beet Salad is delicious. Atmosphere is nice. Service is friendly. The place is clean. No complaints for me, other than I wish it was a larger place, as it can get a bit tight in there. I hope they stick around for a while, because Zavino is high on my list of go-to places for lunch and dinner.Zavino is located on a bustling corner of the revitalized 13th street stretch. 
I love coming here in the wamer months, because all the windows and doors open up and the sounds of the busy city reverberate throughout the small space.
The food is very simply and made fresh, the staff is very friendly and quick!  The Kennett pizza is a great thin crust pie and the various kinds of fungi, don't overwhelm the pie or give it a strong  'too mushroomy' taste. The combination is quite nice.
Margherita is always a classic choice and you can not go wrong with that choice.
The Crisped Octopus plate, even though 'small' as the header suggests, is a tiny portion, maybe I always crave more when I order it, but they could up the offering just a smidge.
The variety of cheese and charcuterie is nice and compliments of the wine selections well. I've always been very happy with everything that we have ordered here.
The space is fairly small and seating is limited, but the simplicity and execution of the pizzeria adds a wonderful pulse to the numerous and diverse eateries popping up in this section of town.Caesar salad was very fresh, had a great pesto spin on the Caesar dressing but the salad itself could have used maybe juicier sundries tomatoes or something to give it a little more tang. Rosemary flatbread was delicious. 
There were also cool options for cocktails and pizzas. My friends all enjoyed the pizzas they got!
Great atmosphere and very good, friendly service.Host:  "How many in your party?"  
Me: "Just me, and I want to place an order to go..." 
Host: "Just go to the chef, and place your order." 
Me. "Great."
I placed my order, and the guy making the pizza asked me if I wanted a small.   I figured I will want some breakfast in the morning, so let's get a large....   
And thank goodness I did.   
There is nothing that can compare to a real brick oven fired pizza!!    You can taste the wood, the smokey flavor, the crispness of the fire is baked right into the dough.  
The price is like $30 (i think).  Well worth the size and amount of food I got.  
My only precaution would be the neighborhood.   Looked a little rough, and is a block off the high traffic areas.    
I AM NOT FROM NEW YORK - so if my first impression is Way wrong, I'm sorry.    
Now there wasn't homeless people, and gun totten gang members walking around - that's not what I mean.   It was just poorly lit, and not heavily populated... just my observation. 
Won't stop me from going back each time i'm in NY though.The flat bread with ricotta cheese was absolutely divine! You could make a meal out of that if you're not there to feast. We also tried the charcuterie and cheese board which was yummy and you get quite a bit for the price as far as boards go. I recommend sitting at the end of the bar where the pizza oven is, it's fun to watch all that yummy food be made.I've been on a veggie kick lately...no clue why but I'm going with it. That being said, I ordered the veggie board here and it was INCREDIBLE. Carrots, squash, potatoes, peppers, and asparagus all roasted and lovingly sprinkled with olive oil and sea salt. It sounds simple, because it is, but what more do you need? It's flavorful and healthy. Pair it with a glass of red wine (3 is still considered healthy, right?) and you've got yourself a great dinner- one that I could eat every night. 
I love it so much that I'm getting one to-go for a light dinner with friends at my apartment tonight. :)We choose  this small cozy place by  the reviews in yelp and great rating and it was a win win!  The staff of the restaurant is very attentive and helpful even in busy hours. 
We didn't wait for the table and decided to seat at 8the bar  what gave us even morw opportunity to see how the place looka from inside. We saw how they making our ravioli from the base.
Not enough to say that did was delicious. And homemade. Plus a lot of great specials.  We ordered tasting platter and got a lot of prosciutto on it ( we were very pleased) and great cheese, interesting sauces. 
Then we got special prosciutto pizza and ravioli. All of these were eaten! Great job. 
I can't wait for them to open bugger place in Old City. 
Thank you very very much.  We will come backThis is my go-to pizza and wine spot. I love thin crust pizza and there's is the best. I usually go with the margarita, but all the options are great. Sometimes we just get the cheese plate. I haven't tried the salads yet. The waitress who looks like Pink is super friendly.
It can get very crowded on the weekends, but still, never had to wait too long for a table. It is a bit expensive for pizza, yes, but its high-quality. Wine selection is very nice, too. Great spot.I consider myself a pizza snob - not sure if that's a good thing or not.  I went to Zavino at the end of a date night with high recommendations from my girlfriend.  I must say that from the very start the staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating.  I feel like there a a few places where you actually feel welcome and this place is one of them.  
Now for the food.  We ordered this spinach and goat cheese salad and to be honest it's nothing to write home about.  However, the pizza we ordered was called Kennett which had this variety of mushrooms, roasted onions, and no sauce which was very delicious.  The pizza doe reminded me of a crispy naan bread which was very good.  Overall, I was a big fan of the pizza.  Also the wine and beer were great too! By the way, it's a nice date spot if anyone is wondering.Came in for drinks on Sunday . The bartender was new but she was great. Our drinks were fabulous . The vibe was very chill and everyone was friendly .This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The drinks are great- I love their prosecco and their root beer drink. I also love their food, you can't go wrong with their cheese board (the bread that comes w it is amazing) and I love their Stache pizza and their specials. 
My only negative is that when I first started going there they had a four cheese pizza that was amazing. I miss it. Also, I feel like their Margherita pizza is a little underwhelming but I haven't ordered it in a while so maybe I should give it a retrial one of these days.we are serious patrons of Zavinos, like for years. BUT, the black and white TV must go. please! it's arcane and distracting because we can't tell what's going on! today's sports and TV is in color. please bring back the 21st century!!Okay i am a huge pizza fan, its like my favorite food, so recently moving to philly, i wanted to try all the places around here. That being said, i went out to lunch and was really craving gnocchis, so i got them. First of all when i got them, i was wondering if they gave me a sample to make sure i liked it. There was literally 3 bites of food that i dont even think would fill up a kitten. Its also $9! Like i could see maybe $2-$3 but $9! Thats ridiculous. I was ready to leave but they insisted i get a pizza so i got the no cheese and garlic one, nothing impressive. Imagine eating the bread off of a table and throwing sauce on it and that is their pizza. I wanted to like this place, but they give you little 8 ounce bottles for soda and charge you if you want more, its like eating at an expensive nickel and dimeing fancy restaurant with good food and nice atmosphere-minus the good food and nice atmosphere. I believe my girlfriends parents got $9 beers as well. Also if you are looking for a bar to watch the game, they have a tv that was smaller than the pizza portions, im not sure what kind of dining experience they were going for but they wont be getting my business anymore.WOW. If i could eat here every day I would. The pizza is incredible. (I like the Pizza here and at Nomad). Salads make great compliments along with small plates like olives and brussels sprouts. Pizza is big enough to share with a friend if you get someone else too. Good wine and beer selection too. Pizza is a decent price. Staff is friendly too. Big downside (and this is big)- it's a small place and if you're looking to go during dinner on the weekend you can easily wait an hour or two and they don't take reservations. But it's worth the wait- especially since there are cute stores just across the street that can easily distract you while you wait.LOVE this place. Another regular spot where we take visitors from out of town. We discovered it quite by accident on our first night in Philly we were escaping our hotel with the constant arguing neighbors. It was great and has a friendly staff. Everyone we have brought there has enjoyed it. The only downside is that it is extremely small and in the sweltering Philly summers the A/C isn't all that effective.  Great wine selection and the pizza is delicious. Still a little confused by "Baby Jesus" that appears on the menu occasionally, the staff says it's delicious.This place is spot on, great pizza, they're doing adventurous stuff so if you're down for some Dominos style, or that stodgy old stuff your grandma makes, stay home, or order Dominos.  Instead they're making exciting pizzas, playing with cool ingredients and knocking it out of the park with service.  We had the greek pizza, with the pistachios, the name escapes me, it's dynamite, they could change the name to that.  We also had the Joey or something to this effect, again, excellent.  We got that mushroom one as well, also great. The service was friendly and funny, she laughed at my still water joke.  Is there a downside to this place? Maybe it's too small, it's on one of the best corners in town for an eatery and it can get jammed.  They do a great job though once they get you seated.Realy great meatballs. Great pizza. The bar service was top notch!  Eggplant was delish. We are coming back on our next trip to Philly!The pizza here is delicious. I had the Diavalo and enjoyed every bite. Having recently learned what veal actually is, I felt strange about eating baby cow meat, so I passed on my BF's ricotta stuffed meatballs. However, he loved them, and judging from the sauce, which I sampled with my pizza crust, I probably would have too.
I also loved the ambiance. It was a small cramped space, but managed to maintain a modern, upscale feel. The bar area actually looked inviting and the chalk menu overhead adds a nice, relaxed touch. Though I went for lunch, not happy hour, it seemed to be a great place for a drink after a long day. The service was great, too.
My only complaint was that the dessert was a lackluster finale for the meal. We ordered the tiramisu, which I usually love. However, don't be tempted by Zavino's. It's awful. That aside, they definitely know how to cook up a good pie.Polpettini pizza.  The BEST pizza I've ever had!   The crust is amazing- chewy and flavorful!   I'm pairing it with a syrah.  Hope to be able to visit again soon!I recently visited this place on Martin Luther king weekend. The place was clean and decent place ... the food was good we were well seated and Ourbartender was very courteous we really enjoyed our meal and had a good time we almost paid $50 for a couple beers and two pizza and the and in short a good time I would like to go back again thank youLet me just start out by saying that we have been by this place several times on a Sunday afternoons, Saturday nights and its always JUMPIN. We checked out a movie at the Ritz and made a beeline to Tria for the special Valentines Day bubbly they were serving up. My honey being the late planner he is couldn't get us a table at Davios and it was getting late so I suggested we either scarf down food close by or it would get ugly for him. 
I suggested Zavinos I had heard pretty good things about it and so we walked less than two blocks and arrived to full but not overcrowded restaurant. 
Table for two in the corner was quaint and perfect for us  while I went to freshen up my heart decided he needed yet another cocktail so he ordered a 22ox southern tier ( I guess that bottle of wine was out !!!!)  I opted for a glass of the Nero Diavlo which superb ive was been to the Tuscany region of Italy and this wine brought me back.
We glanced over the menu and though a Valentines Day feature prefix was offered we opted for two pizzas. The Shorty - Amazing short ribs, caramelized onions and cheese!!! what more could you ask for and the Spinach pretty standard but extremely flavorful I think it had to do with the béchamel that they use mmmmm. Our server was the only one working and he did the best he could. As the night went on more tables came and we saw a little less of him but he acknowledged us every time he walked by and kept water full and cleared away plates as needed. We didn't do desert and the damage was only 50.00 not incl tip... that's my kind of Vday dinner.(3.5 stars) Dinner here wasn't perfect, but it was super satisfying and that atmosphere was great. On the corner of a hopping area, the restaurant is small, intimate, and bustling. 
All of the pizzas sounded awesome but sometimes traditional just hits the spot and the margherita was no letdown. Great crust, solid balance of toppings, and not too expensive. Also the veal and ricotta meatballs were light and savory, definitely a good choice for a small plate. 
On the somewhat disappointing side, the Brussels sprouts were a little overcooked and the burntness overpowered the vinaigrette. Also, they don't offer complementary bread to start so we ordered the rosemary flat bread, which was a nice start to the meal but a bit too salty.There are not many restaurants that I crave... Zavino is one of them.  I am never disappointed.  Great pizza, great wine.  Awesome WW pizza 'Stache' & delicious vegetable plate.  
Expect to get their early, put in your name in & then have drinks there or somewhere else along 13th street (tons of places!)
It's certainly worth the wait.Ambiance: 4. Small, cool mini-bar vibe.  Somewhat dark and a little above "moderate" noise, which was a nice feel on a cold winter night.  Felt like it could be a jazz bar --
Cost: 3. Actually not 100% sure on this (not from area), but pizzas seem reasonable priced in low-to-mid-teens.
Food Quality: 4. Zavino lies in the Northeast corridor "pizza belt" and doesn't not disappoint.  I had the Polpettini (veal & ricotta meatball is the key topping), but the Diavolo and some meat boards were around and looked awesome.  Pizzas come out fast which is certainly nice if you're there for a quick happy hour or snack.
Service: 4. Very prompt, not pushy. Can't ask for much more.  Warning though they do not take Amex.
When to return: Happy hour when you want one a bit different. Quick bite to eat. Pizza/meat board craving. Lower key date night.Just had lunch here this afternoon and it was probably one of the best spontaneous finds for lunch! My friend and I bought got the Tomato Soup and a Beet Salad and Poached Pear Salad. Both of us absolutely loved the soup, it had a great texture and wasn't watery. Perfect for a rainy day! My salad was delicious with kale and goat cheese. The meat and cheese platters looked amazing too! The ambiance was nice, loved the bar! It is a small place, so may not be ideal for large parties. Perfect for date night! I would definitely return and can't wait to try more dishes!Zavino is a great place to enjoy a nice glass of wine with great staff who are very friendly and attentive to detail. We found this place after looking a good place that is chill to enjoy some nice wine at reasonable prices. We were not disappointed. 
We came on a Saturday night while visiting philly and were not disappointed. We enjoyed our time so much that we came again on Sunday while waiting for our train. 
I definitely recommend checking out this great wine bar, you will enjoy the great selection of wine and reasonable half and full glass prices.Zavino is an excellent place for pizza with a great ambiance. I ordered the mushroom and margarita pizzas and loved them both! Their wine list is well rounded too. The 13th Street area is quickly becoming a destination neighborhood for good food.their cheese are like little clouds of heaven. i love their cheese so much.I came here for happy hour with my boyfriend and we loved it. There was a 30 minute wait but we were able to get the happy hour drinks ($3 Hopdevil and $5 Pinot grigio) so we didn't mind. The staff and the bartender were friendly and funny. We had the grilled shrimp scampi, the margarita pizza ($8 for happy hour), and the tiramisu. All very small but just the right amount for two to share. I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be coming back for happy hour!Discovering Zavino has been one of the best things that has ever happened in my life. The entirety of the restaurant is amazing - location, atmosphere, staff, wine & beer, and most of all, the food! The must-haves are spaghetti squash, avocado salad, a meat & cheese board, and The Stache!!!Delicious. 
Beet salad has a "tang" to it, different.
Love olive bowl.
Our pizzas were on the doughy side for thin crust, would have expected it to be crisper. 
Would return to try other items on menu. 
In spying on other tables, other dishes look appetizing.I decided to visit Philadelphia. Of course, I neglected to visit the Barnes or the museum or art, nor did I eat a cheesesteak, but I did go to Zavino's and... I regret nothing that I did or didn't do this trip. It was a rainy night, I had forgotten my coat and umbrella back in the woods of upstate New York, and my friend and I were craving something vaguely Italian. I threw "pizza" into Yelp's search bar, and Zavino's was close, not obscenely expensive, and rated well.
And it deserves its rating.
First, we got calamari. It was delicious, slightly sweet from the balsamic and slightly bitter from the olives. Then we got the Polpettini. And without really thinking it over (how much money do I have? Not much.), I ordered us a bacon pizza. Everything was just fantastic. I'm going to be craving those veal, ricotta-filled meatballs for a long time.
Josh, the bartender, was also fantastically friendly and diligent. I said I had no regrets, this was a lie. I regret that I couldn't tip him more.I've been here 5 times and this place is great every time - very consistent.  I especially like the diavolo pizza and the spinach salad.  The servers are nice, knowledgable and friendly.  Ask a question and you get an answer.  I'd say the pizza is very, very close to Pizza Mozza in LA.We recently went to Zavino on the first nice weekend night in a while, so needless to say the place was very crowded. However, upon arriving we were promptly greeted and were lucky enough to snag a table. Our server was knowledgeable and recommended some delicious options for a friend who is not able to eat gluten or dairy. 
The rest of us gluten and dairy eaters ordered the mushroom toast to start and it was AMAZING. We also got multiple pizzas, but my fave is the always classic margherita. 
It was such a lovely meal and we will be back!Great pizza and charcuterie.  Pizza for me is about crust and Zavino's is airy, chewy and has that smoke from woodfired oven... Nothing like carcinogens of burnt dough to lend a mouth watering smokeyness. 
Solid good quality food.   Options are not as many as other places, but when everything on the menu is good, it's hard to go wrong.  
Smaller wine list than other wine bars, but good selection of whites and reds.  They also have beer on draught and bottle, as well as cocktails for the none wine enthusiasts.
 i don't think there is AC cuz all the windows were open with one little fan.  With the woodfire stove, I can imagine it gets pretty hot.  
The bathroom arrangement is interesting.  The unisex bathrooms are like water closets and then the sinks are in a common area in the hallway.this is about as good as pizza can get. Six of us from NY/NJ on Saturday 10/12 about 6PM. Not much room inside so we were seated outside. As appetizers we ordered the sampler platter, rosemary flatbread, meatballs and brussel sprouts. I don't like brussel sprouts but I tried them. This is probably the only place I will EVER eat them. All the apps were great, no joke. Then we had the pizza called the Joey and a Marherita pizza. We were in Philly just for the night. This place was near our hotel, the Holiday Inn Express, and a great choice for eating.My boyfriend and I came here for a late dinner but after reading the reviews it looks to me like not many people have had the food that we ordered. 
We were seated at the last table which was comfortable but in front of a very drafty set of windows so we were very cold the entire time.
We ordered the brussels sprouts and the tortellini but unfortunately did not like either dish very much. The brussels sprouts smelled delicious but halfway through the dish they tasted very sour, almost overly vinegar-y. The restaurant was dimly lit so I couldn't really see the color of the brussels sprouts and it seemed like parts of it were burned slightly (which didn't concern me) but I couldn't really identify why it was so sour. 
The tortellini dish was honestly so bland and the cookie crumble didn't do much for the taste. It seems like everyone comes here for pizza and wine/beer so maybe that's what we should've ordered.
An average experience at best.I had two great dishes during my visit: Baby Jesus (meat and cheese) and The Stache pizza. I would love to come back and try their other menu items. It is a little cramped in there... so if your neighboring table tells a joke, be prepared to laugh.Everything about our meal tonight was amazing. The out-of-town cousins who are serious foodies gave it their approval, and still our kids who won't eat anything "weird" loved their pizzas too. We shared five pizzas, six different small plates, and two salads, and very little was left over.I hate to start with the bad...but I will...
They don't take American Express...and that probably costs them 1/2 a star in my book.  They also have a very confusing seating policy...and not a lot of seats.
But, I want to give them lots of compliments.
First of all, they will take your name and cell phone and will text you and call you when your table is ready...very cool system.  Since they are small, it is a little hard to get around inside and I noticed that some of the wait staff actually walk out the back door...down the street...and in the front door to reach some tables with their food.
I suggest that you take seats at the bar if you get a chance.  Try all of their appetizers/small plates...  They have fantastic flavorful small plates.  
The pizza is wood fired and very good.  They have a great selection of mixed drinks and wines.This is a wine bar, that also has awesome food.  Very rare combination, but their pizzas are die for.  They also have a gluten free option that my gluten-less friends tell me is pretty good.Only got take out here. Service was friendly!
Pizza was good, but not as great as I thought I'd be. I ordered a polpettini pasta with the veal meatballs and it was good, not great.
Crust is a bit on the chewy side. Veal meatballs were bland and too soft.
Expected more from all the rave reviews. I think nomad roman around the corner better.Good happy hour! Their pizza was really good and so were their meatballs! Great ambience especially in good weather. Their bacon wrapped dates were really good, loved the blue cheese inside!First time visiting. Had an early dinner and the food was excellent!  Highly recommend the spaghetti squash, gnocchi, and the tiramisu for dessert. Everything was very fresh and seasoned well. Next time I'll have to try the pizza, it looks great.Good vibe and tasty food!
We had a party of 6 visit for dinner and had a good experience.  The interior is arranged to create dining "areas" throughout the restaurant, which gives off a more intimate feel and the semi open kitchen adds to the overall atmosphere. 
During our visit we sampled 4 different pizzas, calamari, the gnocchi, and steak skewer. The pizzas were delicious! Perfectly fired with a light crust. We sampled the Polpettini (meatball), Short Rib (caramelized onions, short rib, and alfredo), Rosa (garlic slices on top), and the Magrherita.  All had the right amount of toppings and were not overloaded. 
The gnocchi were enjoyed and had the right amount of sauce and cheese on top. The steak skewers were cooked perfectly with the right amount of char on them.  I was very pleased with the calamari, the lightness of the breading balanced well with the butteriness of the calamari. 
Overall, we were very pleased with our visit and would return to try some of their other small plates.Pizza and salads are very nice. It's a little pricey, but the ambience is worth it.It's good but not amazing. I appreciate artisan pizza but the dough was dry and tough, there were way too many leaves on it, they were falling all over the place. They were out of their berries dessert which is the only one that appealed to me. Stella's is much better.We were walking by Zavinos the other day and liked the looks of the place so dropped in for a quick, light lunch. We both ordered their chopped salad and neither of us were all that impressed. For $11 it is small, not very many vegetables and doesn't come with crackers, pita bread..nothing! Giving the place 4 stars because the service was good, and other items on the menu and being consumed around us looked great. Especially the pizzas! We will dine here again.Mediocre food. It was also the waiter's first (and apparently last) day, so the service was not that great either. No real complaints though, since the price is about what you'd expect for the quality.Un excellent restaurant où déguster des pizzas italiennes et créatives, et déguster de bons vins au bar, ou attablés. La décoration du restaurant est créative, un cadre industriel qui s'accorde avec le Philadelphie qui est urbanisé.
Nous n'avons pas goûté les vins car nous devions prendre la route par la suite, mais la carte des vins est plutôt intéressante. Mélange de vins américains et de vins du monde.
Les pizzas étaient tout simplement sublimes. Rien à dire là-dessus. Un vrai régal !
Le service est discret et efficace à la fois.
Un bon restaurant à essayer, pour bien manger, dans un décor agréable !Zavino is a newer restaurant in University City and is located on Drexel University's campus.  I noticed the restaurant one day while traversing campus and decided to dine here with my girlfriend for lunch shortly afterwards.  The restaurant has outdoor seating as well as indoor seating and a bar.  The restaurant has a very nice layout and feels like a more modern Italian restaurant.  I really enjoyed the environment in this restaurant as it attempted to make the customers feel at home with the decorations and pictures.  The waitress we received was very friendly and nice which added a plus to our dining experience.  
My girlfriend and I decided to share a variety food options here to try a handful of different items on the menu.  In the small plates section, we ordered the veal and ricotta meatballs.  These meatballs were very good and provided a nice flavor.  Secondly, we had a meat and cheese plate consisting of a specialty meat called "Baby Jesus", which I found a bit odd, and a cheese called Scharfe Maxx.  Both the meat and cheese were very good and went well with the bread and seasonings offered with the dish.  The only thing I didn't understand was the name of the meat but I don't want to get involved with a religious debate over cured meat names.  
Next, we decided to order their pasta special at the time which was squid ink pappardelle pasta and it was very good.  I personally enjoy trying different types of food, so when I had the opportunity to share squid ink pasta with my girlfriend, I had to accept.  Lastly, we decided to go out on the limb and order The Hacina, which is a spicy rock shrimp pizza.  The pizza came to the table basically layered in salad which was an interesting display for a pizza.  The pizza was good but it was very spicy, literally being one of the spicier food items that I have eaten in recent years.  My only complaint is that we ordered everything at once, so it ended up being piled up on our small table which made maneuverability and space an issue.  Either way, dealing with the overcrowding of food wasn't an issue as everything was pretty good.
Overall, I had a nice experience at Zavino and I would recommend it to anybody interested in having a casual, modern dining experience.Yummy pizzas and small plates just like the other Zavino on 13th. Street.  But this location also has a great brunch on Saturdays.  Make sure to try Carlos's cinnamon roll (see picture). It's really good!We went to this excellent place for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it. To start, I had a modest spinach salad with pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, and goat cheese dressing. While the salad may have been average, the ravioli that followed was delicious and perfectly portioned! It was a four cheese ravioli served with a perfectly spiced red sauce. Other members of the party were impressed with their margarita pizza with mushrooms, though it was slightly burnt. Great food and great overall experience!Arrived around 7 on a Tuesday and waited about 20 minutes before being seated. I viewed this as a good thing and I believe that it was well worth the wait. We ordered their special Mediterranean pizza, the small plate ricotta and tornarelli (a handout pasta). All three were cooked to perfection. The prices were reasonable and the portions were more than adequate. Sarah, our waitress was average but polite. I will certainly be going back.Went for happy hour. My wife and I had the margarita pizza and both got violently ill. I won't be coming here ever again.I'd heard so much about Zavino that I was really excited when a friend suggested we go for lunch one day. We ordered the margherita pizza and the spinach salad between the two of us, paid ~$20 dollars each, and left to get more food elsewhere for cheaper. The food itself wasn't bad, but it also wasn't phenomenal, and the portions seemed small for the cost. Glad I tried it once, but overall underwhelming.The Joey pizza is AWESOME!!! Fresh herbs, spices, ingredients lovingly combined into one of the best pizzas ever! Sit at the bar and  Codi, the bartendress, will spoil the heck out of you! Happy hour red wine was delish too!This review is only for the happy hour -- looking forward to trying it for lunch/dinner soon!
Came here for their 4:30-6:30 happy hour after class and was not disappointed. They have nice outdoor seating, but we opted to sit inside. They have a few food and drink options for happy hour, and I decided on their $3 (can't beat that price) beer as well as the margarita pizza and the ricotta. Loved the ricotta - it comes with this nice fluffy bread, and the ricotta itself is really creamy and tasty. The pizza was really tasty too: light and hot out of the oven. 
Can't wait to try their other pizza and some of their other menu items! Also the pricing is great, I was pretty full after sharing with my friend and it definitely was easy on the wallet.Fantastic food!  I had the Joey Pizza and it was incredible!  Great service and beautiful atmosphere!  I highly recommend this great place!!another great experience at Zavino. 
This time I tried the Caesar salad, and they add pine nuts and sundried tomatoes for a nice twist! Very good.
I didn't care for the pistachio pesto on the Stache pie, but it was still a solid pizza.
The ricotta and soppressata small plates were exceptional, you get tons of bread with both as well. 
The chocolate mousse mason jar was amazing! So rich and creamy, great for sharing. 
Lovely place to sit outside! Quick and friendly service.This place is my go to favorite. Delicious and affordable. The food is consistently good and their wine/drinks changes often so there's something different each time. LOVE itBasically a very fancy pizza place lol 
Interior/Exterior: Like the vibe. Very chill and very classy outside as well on a nice summer's day. Candle lit at night time with very good seat structures as well. Romance points!
Food: 
Ravioli w/ Ricotta Cheese Special: Not worth it at all. I don't usually go for the specials bc the waiter/waitresses always talk so fast but this SOUNDED really good. However when it came out it was like 5 small pieces of ravioli with some cheddar cheese on them and small pieces of shrimp for a overpriced meal. This is no one's fault but my own bc I should have not chose this meal and should have went for the pizza instead
Flatbread w/ Ricotta: The best thing here. Bread is soft and ricotta is so fluffy omg. You have to get a combo of this and another meal. Very light but filling so perfect app.
Overall: Good place to check out. The ravioli really threw me off to come back here however the flatbread is a must to try!LOVED this place!!! Has this interesting industrial/vintage feel to it. Service was excellent. We came here for a few beers and was cheap! $5 beer! We will come back when we are back in Philly! Thank you :)omg the food was so good!! the pizza was perfect! cool place ..see me back there very  soon.One of my colleagues and I went to Zavino for lunch a few weeks ago. Sadly the insanely loud construction across the street hampers the ability to enjoy the outdoor seating. We each ordered a salad with grilled chicken, which were ample-sized for lunch. My avocado salad was very good, but surprisingly light on the dressing. I usually prefer really light dressing, but this was nearly non-existent. His pesto Caesar salad was awesome..I would definitely order that again. The option for still or sparkling water is a nice touch, and the other menu items looked great. I will definitely be back to try the pizza soon!Words cannot express how overjoyed I am to have Zavino in University City! I am now only a 5-minute walk from fairly priced, freshly made pasta and tasty desserts in fun mason jars. There is not much else I need to be happy. 
I am not giving this location that fifth star, however, for two reasons: 
1) The squash in the kale salad I ordered was not cooked until tender.
2) While Zavino's pizza crust has great flavor, the margherita sauce is lacking. 
Despite these flaws, the quality of Zavino surpasses that of other restaurants in the area. It has easily become my new go-to spot in University City.Food and service was excellent, but I can't give them 5 stars as NO hot beverages are available. No Lattes, cappuccinos, coffees teas....NADA. ;-(Awesome pizza and food!  Great atmosphere, sit outside before the winter comes!  Get the Margherita pizza and the cheese plate.Great pizza.  2 nd visit. Both places have an excellent product. Charred crust. Tart tomatoes good motzarella and fresh spices.Another great evening at Zavino-  Started with a bottle of Dolcetto, simply delightful! Wonderful wine selection for those connoisseurs.  The ricotta is delicious, whipped and creamy followed by the short rib ravioli and the gnocchi...both superb! Vegetable medley of roasted beets, carrots and broccoli were creatively spiced up and kept our taste buds curious. The vibe of the restaurant is interactive, from the chef to the staff... they all seem to have your dining experience in mind!! We will return again soon.
 Keep up the good work Zavino!This place was great! Rosemary flatbread with fresh ricotta was delicious and the pizza with arugula was also fantastic. I will definitely be back.Great service recovery.  Our waitress was overwhelmed  (busy night) and we received our salad last.
Pizza and ravioli were excellent choices.
Great atmosphere .... 
The tiramsu (aka service recovery) was sin in a mini mason jar.This place isn't bad but not anything to write home about. Service was adequate, my food came out quickly. Prices are very expensive for what you get. I ordered a Caesar salad and pepperoni pizza. Salad was good, pizza was average at best. Would try again if I was in the area but wouldn't be my first choice.Amazing Margarita Pizza, and Fettuccine with Pork Ragu, highly recommend both!! Prices are decently priced, not too expensive or cheap. Great atmosphere and awesome seating outsideWent here for lunch today w/ my Mom. Zavino has been on my radar for quite awhile now as I have heard so many great things. First things first: Their small plate portion on the menu is awesome. Everything looks so good! It was hard to choose. We ended up ordering the eggplant parmesan and it was fantastic. The sauce along with the tomatoes on the side were excellent. 
We then shared a margherita pizza. Perfectly sized for two people and just enough food to share! Pizza was pretty good. When I come back I will probably try something different. We ordered fairly quick because I had to catch a train home shortly so we went with something simple. Staff was friendly and efficient. At one point I had knocked over the pizza holder (blonde moment) and someone immediately ran over to help. 
Very impressed with Zavino!We ordered three pizzas: margherita (HH special), diavolo, and stache. The margherita and diavolo were delicious but the stache was disappointing. I love arugula but it's overwhelming and lacks flavor. 
Great place in University City. Lovely decor, relaxed atmosphere, and most importantly .. excellent customer service. Perfect for happy hour!Great happy hour deals. I got the pizza from the happy hour menu which was really good. A friend got the flatbread with ricotta dip which I wasn't that crazy about. The ricotta had very little flavor to it. Would definitely go back.We had a reasonably-sized group for Happy Hour, so this review is based solely on that. Since they don't take reservations we still gave them a heads up we had about 12 people coming. The staff was more than accommodating and friendly in letting us decide to change our plans and stay inside, rather than the area they prepared outside because it was so bleeping hot. The restaurant itself is very appealing in decor and design. I felt comfortable and was looking forward to what the restaurant had to offer. We kept it simple, ordering some flat breads, including one with the house made ricotta (delicious!) and a margarita pizza, enough to share between 4 people. Everything was well seasoned and perfectly cooked. We enjoyed every bite! The service was well paced and we didn't feel rushed to leave, even after paying the bill. The drink specials were plentiful and we left talking about when we could come back, this time for dinner.Excellent. I make my own sauce at home and I thought the tomato sauce on the spaghetti squash was spectacular! Also, the tasting board was to die for. I will be back!!!Went to Zavino after work yesterday with friends/co-workers. This is our usual go-to after work because of it's close proximity to our job & ease of access to get home after. But service was terrible!
I actually sat at the bar while waiting for friends and the bartender service was great. When my friends got there we moved outside & that's when service went down. 
We were sitting outside, ordered a round of wine and it took 30 mins to get. I even stopped the manager to tell him we were waiting. He said he would go to the bar, get our drinks but never returned to our table with drinks or an explanation. But I saw him take drinks to other tables. 
The bar/restaurant was not packed or busy. I've been there when it was busy. 
Service at Zavino has really declined over the last year or so. You can tell there's been a change in management & staff.Delicious pizza and a Caesar salad to die for! I wasn't crazy about about the pasta options as there weren't many, but overall a nice addition to university city.I've only been here once, but will definitely be back! Everything was delicious! A few friends and I went after work for a quick happy hour, and was very impressed with the look/feel of the restaurant, the knowledgeable servers and the amazing food! And they have a great happy hour, with prices that are actually reasonable - which is often times hard to find in the city. Pizza is yummy, meatballs delish, and their house-made ricotta with rosemary flat-bread was by far the best thing on the menu. Great job!I had a terrible experience here because I was seated at a table by the bar in an area that should not have dining tables (cocktail tables would be okay). Loud revelers were crowding my space with their various body parts, threatening to spill their drinks on my head (one woman spilled her wine but fortunately not on my head), and one even shook her head enough to drop hair on my pizza (disgusting).
The server came to take our order and deliver our drinks and basically never came back. (She probably couldn't push through all those people crowding the table.) I finished my drink and wanted to get another but after 15 minutes she still hadn't returned. When she finally pushed people out of the way and emerged at our table, we asked for the bill. Ten minutes later and no sign of her. Instead, we continued to suffer from people pushing into us along with cackling and shrieking so loud we couldn't hear ourselves speak.
Two stars are for the food: calamari, veal and ricotta meatballs, and Margherita pizza. But it wasn't good enough to entice us to return.Love zavino! Whenever I'm craving pizza I always get The Joey. The pizzas are thin crusted, quickly made to order, and filling. The workers here are very nice and on top of their game. I have yet to try anything else on the menu, but you can never go wrong with their gourmet pizzas!Was here twice in a week-long seminar and had great experiences both times. Sat at the bar as I was dining alone, and Sean (1st time) and the young lady the 2nd time (sorry it didn't get your name) were terrific bartenders (didn't hurt that Sean is a very sweet beefcake,  with apologies for objectifying him). The steak, potatoes and Brussels sprouts were wonderful, perfectly cooked, fresh and more than I was expecting at the price. Sean's wine suggestion paired great with it. Came back later in the week for happy hour dinner of small plates: meatballs, Brussels sprouts and the daily ricotta, with the house Cabernet. More food than I could eat, and a glass of wine, for under $20! Again, tender tasty meatballs and the ricotta were great additions to my already favorited Brussels sprouts. Keep doing what you're doing, it's a great combo of fresh, well prepared food and wine and great prices. Nice atmosphere, and quiet enough for a conversation, but still lively.Wow!! What a space and compared to the 13th street location. This place is wide open and delicious as well. 
The staff is very friendly, the food is incredible and the drinks are on point. 
Ask about the daly ricotta, you will not be disappointed.
Thanks to everyone who works here. See you all soon!!It's a shame I can't give this 3.5 because it deserves more than a 3 but not quite a 4. 
Me and the Mrs. arrived on a Tuesday night during what turned out to be happy hour. We were sat at a nice table and the ambience was quite enjoyable (other than it being a little dark). Our server was obviously busy but nonetheless attentive.
We started off with the happy hour Margherita pizza. It was okay, but the crust was a little chewy. Not bad for happy hour, but not great either. She got the Gnocchi, which felt a little overcooked, although the sauce was nice. I had the Agnolotti and it was quite decent. There were some nice textures in the dish but the pasta was overall a little bland. For dessert we had some kind of brownie topped with chocolate mousse in a mason jar. That was probably the best thing we had.
Overall the food had lots of potential, but it feels like a slight level of care is missing to make it truly exceptional. Might go check out the Zavino in center city.My #1 Gluten Free spot in Philly. Awesome happy hour specials, great staff and some of the best gf crust around. The staff doesn't treat me like a monster for asking for gf or if I ask for something more custom so I could eat it, it's terrific. This Zavino's is the better out of the two if your indecisive. I come here for mini dates w my wife and always leave happy.Last night was the first time I had the chance to dine at Zavino on Chestnut.  It was a Saturday night around 9:30pm.  I had the pleasure of being served by a pleasant young lady by the name of Lana.  She greeted and seated us outside as requested so that our fur baby could be by our side.  After getting us the menu and explaining how the kitchen runs, she got us our drinks as well as some water for our dog.  
We ordered the Ricotta Rosemary Flat bread...thumbs up!  The bread was not too salty and flavored with just the right amount of herbs and seasoning to pair with the sweet (but not too sweet) ricotta.  For an entree, we split the Diavolo pizza.  Lana informed us that the pizzas are about 10 inches, but we were ok with ordering just one; after all, you can always order more if you're still hungry!
My fiance absolutely loved the pizza that was prepared by Ramiro.  As my fiance described:
"The pizza was perfect.  The bread wasn't too thick.  They used good meat with the right thickness and they used good quality cheese.  It wasn't too spicy.  The pizza had the perfect balance!"
My fiance is an absolute pizza lover and he said this was by far the best pizza he has ever had in the US.  Now normally, people will think that food is great when they're drunk or overly hungry, but this wasn't the case.  We deliberately came by to check out the food and service after we had a light dinner at home.
I can honestly say that this is a place worth going to because the food and service were great.
Ambiance- 5/5
Food-5/5
Drinks- 4/5 (I had the Zavino Standard...a little too strong for me, but to each their own)
Service- 5/5
Wait time for food- 5/5Had a great experience here! Food was awesome, they forgot one of our menu items and promptly took all appropriate steps to remedy the situation. Very personal touch that was greatly appreciated. Highly recommend!I came here for lunch with 2 friends. They ordered the Gnocchi and I ordered the Gluten Free Joey. We also got the Rosemary Flatbeard as an appetizer. The outdoor seating was nice and the service was pretty good. The gnocchi was a small plate and not enough for a meal; I wish they offered it in a larger size. Both were delicious though! The service was also pretty on point, probably because we came here for a very late lunch (around 2pm). The outdoor seating is really nice too! 
I hear they also have a great happy hour from 4:30-6:30pm - I hope to check it out soon.Nice place to meet friends for drinks and/ or dinner n drinks. They usually have good suggestions regarding food selections. 
Not all house wines are equal but I thought a wine bar might have better options. 
Love to return and sit outside.My brother and I were looking for some decent grub near the train station and this place came up pretty high on the Yelp app so we decided to check it out. It's one of those newfangled wood-burning oven pizza places that's moderately priced. It's fairly large and had a nice ambiance. We ordered a caesar salad and a margherita pizza to share, and while I can't say the pizza was the best I've ever had (the crust was too thick), it was pretty tasty. Fresh produce, and decent portions. Not a bad selection of craft beers as well. Our server was really great, too.
STEPH JUDGEMENT: A nice-casual joint that will satisfy your wood-burning oven pizza cravings.we enjoyed both the food and the service. we were worried initially that it might be too fancy for our tastes, but the food really was very good. we got the meat and cheese tasting board, and our waiter was happy to patiently help us figure out what types of meat and cheese we wanted. our salads, which we ordered with our waiter's recommendation, were also fantastic. the atmosphere was also classy yet welcoming which made us feel good, too.My wife and I went to Zavino around 5.30pm on Friday and had one of the worst eating out experience. We were seated at one of the the two tiny tables by the bar area. People were standing and dancing next to our table. Some were screaming at each other probably from all of the alcohol they were consuming and this was around 6pm.
Our waiter, while she was nice and friendly, she was highly inattentive. After bringing us water, drinks and food, we could not get her attention for the next 45 minutes. Eventually we have decided to ask for the bill, she said she would be right back. Well, we waited another 15 minutes and finally decided we have had enough and just asked some guy to bring us the bill instead.
While the 3 dishes we ordered were good, the noise level made it hard to thoroughly enjoy this restaurant. Bar crowds were very obnoxious and immature. Most seems to be in their 30s yet they acted like they never had an alcoholic drink before. 
This could simply be our bad luck but since there are so many restaurants in the area, we see no point of coming back to Zavino. 
2 stars for the decent food.For appetizers the homemade ricotta with orange oil is my favorite by far, with light and fluffy flatbread for dipping. Pizzas are good and available in gluten free! Happy hour specials are decent as well. Love the decor too with dark wood, metal piping shelves and tiled areas.This place was excellent. We had 9 people all turn up at the time the kitchen was closing and they served us all great meals without complaint and drinks and had the cheque sorted very quick for us to catch the train!  Thank you that waiter.We ate here twice during our stay to visit U Penn, and absolutely loved it!!  The food is wonderful, and the service exceptional (which is a rarity at most places any more). The ambiance is modern and hip, with a great wine selection, homemade pasta and wood-fired pizza (as well as excellent Brussels sprouts and asparagus) ... and the tiramisu is to die for.  My only complaint is that they do not serve coffee, which is needed with dessert (in my humble opinion).  The restaurant choices in University City seem to be minimal, and this fills a much needed spot.  We will definitely be back when visiting Philadelphia again!The manager contacted me the next day offering sincere apologies in which I accepted. We went back and were seated immediately. The service this time was superb. The food was good. I feel better about Zavino in general. 
I still think they shouldn't seat anyone by that 2 tiny tables next to the bar. Instead, they should replace it with a counter so more people can hang out around the bar area without bothering other diners.Love this place! Wine is perfect, food comes in large amount and very tasty. Ordered prosciutto di Parma, yummy! Reasonably priced as well. A perfect place to end our one-day Philly tour.Zavino is the place I insist my friends check out, so I don't know where to start. I have been going to the Zavino on 13th for years. I loved sitting at the bar sipping wine and watching the pizza go in and out of the brick oven, what a great atmosphere! I finally tried Zavino II in University City late last summer and was equally impressed. It's way bigger and the food/ pizza is just as tasty! Its easier to get a table, and more outdoor seating for when the weather heats up!
The food is unique but not stuffy or overly fancy its just right! You can tell someone is thinking outside the box with the menu. The whipped ricotta is unlike anything I have ever have. Apparently they are consistently mixing new things in it to keep it exciting. I tasted slight hues of honey last night... We also tried the short rib ravioli, and I am going to have to go back in the very near future to treat myself again. No need for me to comment too much on the pizza since I read the philly food blogs and Zavino always makes the top 5 list, and I couldn't agree more- my personal favorite is the Joey J
I love my wine- I am no connoisseur but I can tell what I like and what I don't like. The wine list stays up today with the season with price points that won't break the bank, so you find yourself realizing you should go with the bottle!
Overall I have to give it 5 stars.. atmosphere is trendy, staff is friendly, helpful and efficient. I don't know what more I could ask for.Always an awesome meal at Zavino's. University City in Philadelphia.  Ridhima provided excellent service.  The only thing that would have made it better would have been a really good cup of coffee,  cappuccino,  or espresso.Had a tasty meal here....I started with the mushroom and fava beans, simply sauteed with sea salt and really tasty. My friend enjoyed the Brussels sprouts. We then each had the Margherita pizza...thin, fresh tasting, with a good crust. And in my new quest to have any and every kind of mule, I got their Tuscan version, made with amaro. It was hard to drink it like a lady. I could see this being my new post-work HH spot.Had an impromptu dinner with my husband here last night. We came during happy hour and had the Margherita pizza (half off) and prosciutto. The sizes were just enough and absolutely delicious.  Margherita pizza can be iffy depending where you go but I would recommend this to everyone.Unfortunately while I think the food is great and originally gave it 5 stars as I was never disappointed, today, I give it 1 and that is because I am forced to give it that. One because of their dishonesty which is pretty disgusting. Sorry- I dont take well to people who essentially steal. Our bill came up to $56.?? WITH taxes. As I began to write in a tip, my colleague stopped me and said- Um he gave himself a tip. I looked at our bills which was to be split evenly between the two of us and we were being charged $30.78. Indeed he had helped himself to a tip- less than what we planned to give him nonetheless he helped himself. We recalculated to ensure we had done so correctly and yes- after multiple checks he had. That explained the strange behavior and look when he dropped the check off and how he practically hid on or way out. This is unethical and definitely the one and only reason I will never return. I would have rather he flat out said dont forget to tip me then just take a tip. There was no suggested tip, nor was there a fee for two people like there is one for 6 or more. So I ask, who else has he done this too and maybe they didn't notice it like I initially missed it. Sad! Hope the tip was worth it.I have been here for dinner once and once for lunch. I love their pizzas and their peach cocktail.
Their service is always fast and everyone is always friendly.  The place is always packed, I recommend make reservations before hand.We were thrilled to learn that ZaVino had joined the westward expansion of Philadelphia's thriving restaurant scene. This ZaVino appears to be quadruple the size of the original 13th Street location.  
Our dinner, enjoyed at the beautiful serpentine granite bar, was terrific and the quality was on par with the original. 
The culinary renaissance in University City makes me yearn to return to my student days.  Almost.Stopped in Zavino with a few friends on a Saturday night. Got there early and got a good seat by the window. Started with the ricotta with flatbread and the veal meatballs. The ricotta was to die for - the flatbread warm and crispy. The key to good meatballs is a binder like ricotta which kept them moist. I popped them down like I was PacMan going after power pellets. Finished up with their signature meatball pizza - crisp, delicious and filling. Ate everything but the pan the pizza came on.Excellent Italian with a great vibe and energy about it. Heading here I was in real need of a nice cold beer and there was a great selection and an excellent barman to suggest and advise on the best local brews. The menu is not the most extensive for food but that works in the context of the place and I would always rather fewer things done well that loads done ok. Olives were a light starter before the main event of a veal meatball pizza which was fantastic. Great thin crisp crust perfectly cooked with nicely melting and bubbling cheese with well seasoned meatballs and fresh basil leaves. Beautiful. Even found room for Tirami su, nicely served in a glass jar. Advice; don't have the house white even at happy hour, for me it is too sweet. Have the sav blanc instead. Really enjoyed and will definitely be back.Great University City restaurant with great university city prices. Obviously a wine bar but also decent beer and liquor selection as well. Make sure to try the tasting board for great charcuterie.Nice vibe on entrance.  Place looked very clean and people were friendly.  Small restaurant, but def gets packed! I arrived before happy hour and when happy hour hit, they gave me the happy hour menu.  To start, I ordered the Rosemary bread with oil and it was so good! I did not like that there was no ice with my water.  But I'm sure they had some, I just never asked.  I also ordered the margherita pizza.  Also very good!  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I feel like they need more on the menu because there wasn't that much variety.  Also, some ice would be nice without having to ask.  Other than that I def recommend this place.Wow.  Absolutely delicious.  I had the mushroom pizza, and it was flavorful, the crust was chewy and perfect...delicious.  Friendly service, can be quick if you're in a rush, would 100% come back.Great happy hour drinks and prices!! Would highly recommend the ricotta and the veal meatballs!Great spot near Drexel. Fresh, delicious pizza. Quick, friendly service. 
We stopped in on a Saturday for late-ish lunch and were promptly seated. They had a moderate craft beer (bottles) selection, and we each ordered a beer. We ordered olives and a margherita pizza to share. My husband wasn't a fan of the olives which the server noticed and prompted her to remove them from our bill. They were only 3 bucks, but I thought that was pretty impressive that she took it off without us saying anything. 
The pizza was good and perfect for sharing. I definitely enjoyed it because it wasn't crowded or loud. Great place for a meal, would definitely go again.I really wanted to like this place. There aren't a lot of good places to eat around Penn, and it sounds good and people seem to really enjoy it. I went here once about six months ago, and got the flatbread with a few of the appetizers. The flatbread was so salty, my mouth felt raw for hours afterward. I thought this was just a one-off experience, but it was enough to keep me away until today, when I tried it again. Got their butternut squash ravioli - can't go wrong with that, right? Wrong! It was ridiculously over-salted! Again! Just to be clear - I eat out a lot and I am perfectly happy with well seasoned dishes. I don't usually find dishes at a nicer restaurants too salty; this was a really odd experience. Also, there were like 8 pieces of ravioli on the plate, which the waiter told me was a 'share' plate. Um, I was starving. I went somewhere else to get a slice of pizza. I know this place is really popular, but I sincerely don't understand why.I saw Zavino recently opened up nearby in the University City neighborhood. Since it looked good, I put it on my radar to check out.
After taking in a movie, my wife and I headed over to Zavino. It was not crowded, but the host disappeared with a couple of other patrons and took several minutes to return.
Once seated, we got to working on figuring out what we wanted to eat. We each got a glass of wine, her white and me red. They were both good wines.
We ordered a number of starters. The Fontina Croquets, Eggplant Parm, Olives and Brussels Sprouts rounded it out. The croquets were pretty tasty. The eggplant parm was just okay. To be honest, it was more like rollatini. The sauce was decent, but the eggplant was firmer than what I like. I like my eggplant to be on the softer side and sort of melt in your mouth. The olives were what they were. Done right, but nothing special. The Brussels sprouts were good for what they were, but I just don't like Brussels sprouts. These were more for my wife. She really liked them though.
We both got pizzas. I got the Diavolo, which is with sopressata,mozzarella, crushed tomato, chili flakes, oregano, and parmesan. It was pretty good. I liked it. It wasn't the best pizza I've had, but certainly tasty. My wife got The Joey, which is with berkshire pork sausage, mozzarella, crushed tomato, spinach, garlic, chili flakes, and provolone. It was also tasty. A little spicy, but not too much.
It's not like some of the better gourmet pizza wine spots I've been to, but it was decent. I don't know if I'd go back, but I would not vote against it if someone wanted to check it out.Such good food. My friend and I go fairly often as they also offer gluten-free options as well. She loves their gluten-free pizza and I am a huge fan as well. Order the ricotta (also offered with GF bread) and you will not regret it. Servers were super courteous and full of recommendations. I ordered the short rib ravioli and the short rib was cooked to perfection. Will for sure go again soon.Zavino has become the place my boyfriend and I just cannot resist. Now that it's open even closer to us in University City, it will always be a go-to spot. If possible, the pizzas we had here on their second day open were even better than the ones we've had on Sansom Street. 
We were greeted warmly at this new, beautiful location. Very friendly staff and our server was wonderful. The window seating is great for people-watching, and the whole place has a roomy yet comfortable feel. The wrap-around bar is gorgeous. I can highly recommend the margherita and diavolo pizzas, as well as the prosciutto board which is a favorite of ours. The triangles of pizza dough that come with it are hot and delicious, and the toppings are both sweet and spicy. 
I'm looking forward to many trips back here, and I'm so excited they have a location where you're less likely to wait too long for a table!First of all, the location is amazing. If you sit in the outdoor seating in the warmer months, you have a beautiful view of Center City. However, I wouldn't fret over this too much because the interior is gorgeous as well. I got the Margherita pizza and it was very tasty. Would recommend for a quick lunch or casual dinner!Zavino is a great restaurant with a very cool atmosphere. The pizza, salads, and cheese/meat plates are all spectacular. The gluten free pizza is also very good if you like or need to eat gluten free. I've been there several times and highly recommend!Outstanding pizza. I had the Joey and it was the perfect combo of flavor and spice. The fresh garlic made the pizza.
Happy hour wine special was excellent value. Highly recommend. Loved the casual upscale atmosphere too.Ok pizza and good service but our pasta and side (Brussels sprouts) were not good. Too bad. Still, if you stick to the pizza I guess you're fine.