Came here after my husband bought home their lemon pepper wings. They have plenty of flavors. Ranging from ones you've heard of (lemon pepper, mild) to New Orleans flavors (yaka mein, noonie bird). They also have their drinks. The watermelon is to die for. I don't know what they put in it but lord help them. The location isn't the best but they're trying to put something back in the community. It's in the same section with the daiquiri shop so it's really not that bad during the day. I probably wouldn't come at night by myself. Definitely give this place a try. Hey you might even see Skip.This place is just the best. If you really have to ask why it's all in the name itself. If u don't like chicken then don't come here bc their birds are fly! Don't forget to try their fried corn on the cobs. It's dank!I've been a fan for years . However the last two visits within the last two months were disappointing. The wings were extremely small . The portions are equivalent to most kids meals . The wings are tasty that's not enough to keep my loyalty .Unfortunately I will not be placing future orders .This "hole in the wall" is FIRE!!! It was hard choosing from their extensive menu. In the end I enjoyed the garlic Parmesan wings and crinkled fries with nacho cheese. The wings are cooked to perfection... crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. We ate here yesterday and we'll be paying another visit before we leave NOLA. This place is better than any of the major WINGS places you've ever visited. Try it!First time here I got the Cajun creole chicken it was good with the Cajun fries. Watermelon punch wasn't that good but if you mix it with the Oprah punch it tastes better will be backWonderful wings!  We got the Cajun Creole, Lemon Pepper, Cajun Ranch and 0017.  Totally delish!!  The ladies taking care of us made us feel right at home.  Why I haven't come in sooner is a mystery to me.  Don't make the same mistake!  Come in and get these delicious wings with friendly service.Friendly people, great food!! I have had the yaki-mein, Cajun creole, and 0017th and they have all been delicious! The staff is nice and they make you feel right at home. I would definitely recommend this place to eat. The atmosphere/decor could be better, but that's really my only criticism!MmmmmHmm!!!  Chicken and Watermelon!!!!  Now while the name is not so savory don't let that deter you from the best Chicken Wings in the city hands down!
My friend and I were hungry for some wings and I had recently brought a deal on Groupon for $20 bucks worth of food for $12 at Chicken and Watermelon.  My friend and I decided to go to SouthShore Donuts first and then pick up the wings, so we called in our order in.  The clerk on the phone was so nice and she didn't need me to spell my name and pronounced it correctly.  A small thing I know but I was very impressed.  
The parking here is terrible.  Located on the corner of Lousiana and S Claiborne, with construction and having to back up into oncoming traffic to leave is not a good look .Forcing me to take one star off their rating.  Also the neighborhood is not the greatest.  Yet I personally don't have an issue with that, you gotta go where the good food is and sometimes that takes you out of your comfort zone.  
We ordered the 25 piece wings with 4 flavors: Boogie Bird, Honey BBQ, Carribean BBQ, and Honey Mustard(my fav!!), an order of grilled corn, and cajun ranch fries.  Everything was out of this world!!!  The wings were well coated with sauce, the corn was sweet and slightly spicy and the ranch fries were drool worthy.  
With an extensive selection of wet sauces and dry rub for the wings, sides galore and the Kool-Aid like drink concoctions, this menu will keep you coming back.  Even if the parking won't.Here's the deal - this is an in&out kind of place. Do not expect an experience or some kind of customer service. The people that work here are literally here to provide you with fried wings (which are OK at best). We walked into this dingy place with music thumping so loud you can barely hear yourself speak. The menu is on a wall and it's pretty straight forward. We ordered about 25 wings in total, with regular fries, seasoned fries, and watermelon punch. Close to 8 people with orders of 10+ wings walked in after us - they were charged and served long before we were (hmmm side eye). The wings are okay, the fries suck, and the service is nonexistent - will not return.This was my second trip to C&W. There is a wide variety of flavors, I sill haven't sampled them all. Prices are great, chicken is great (gizzards are awesome....don't forget the hot sauce) to me, it's the best bargain on chicken wings in the city.  Each flavor is distinctly unique. I suggest the Cajun Creole. And don't forget to try the red beans and other sides! One more thing, the people working there are always friendly and courteous.I love all the flavors. We used the groupon and it helped us enjoys about 4 flavors. I wish this place was in Ohio, I was definitely be visiting more often.Not the biggest wing fan, but these wings are worth the trip. Delicious. And they have fried corn on a cob! And the service was great.Got the Chipotle Dry Rub! Very good with great Cajun fries!! Also the stuffed crab shells were good as well. 
Be careful with the punch, it's super sweet and i felt like i was going die instantly. Lol 
But i just went next door to get some daiquiris from Jazz next door.. Great service as well! I loved it!!These wings are off the chain!!  Introduced by my honey, this place sits on S. Claiborne, next door to Jazz Daiquiri Lounge.  Chicken and Watermelon is not the most glamorous place, it's that "hole in the wall," but sometimes that's where you find the best food. 
The menu offers many flavors and Kool-Aid like punches to wash it all down with.  And to make it even better, its not a bank breaker.  
This place is finger lickin' good.Awesome wings. All sorts of flavors. Good daiquiris next door. Reasonable prices. What more can you ask for??Great food ! They have a wonderful array of specialty sauces and drinks. The location is a bit busy, but the food is wonderful so I don't mind. The wait time is about 10 and the food was served pipping hot ! So far I love this place !They actually do have watermelon here along with watermelon punch, Obama punch, and Michelle punch (but for some reason no Ray Nagin chocolate punch).  This is mainly a chicken wing focused joint with the addition of chicken gizzards, red beans, jalapeno bombers, fries and the namesake watermelon.  They also offer the infamous 100 piece chicken.
Cash only!With a name like Chicken and Watermelon, in what many would consider the "ghetto," you know you gotta serve some tasty wings to stay in business. And that they do! 
I found out about the place through a friend. She works at the radio station, and they did a parody about this place and had themselves and listeners posing in front of the sign and their wings. What started as a joke and potshot at the blatant racism in their business's name ended up being C&W's best marketing strategy: getting people to buy their chicken and eating it! And once you taste their chicken, the joke's on you! 
So she and many listeners became obsessed with this place and now dream about their wings day and night. With their extensive menu, it's hard to not convince your friends and family that wings are on the menu for every meal. Everything I've had here is good and their wings are known to be big and juicy. I wish they would give you more sauce since they're all so tasty and varied. I love their Boogie which is a spicy fruity (pineapple maybe) thick concoction. Their Jamaican BBQ is also spicy and savory. Both are complex sauces that leave you wanting more. 
Their fried liver is only $2 and is a huge amount of food- way better value than their fries. But you can't have wings without fries which need the cajun season and ranch dressing to complete it. And watermelon, of course, for only $1 for a huge slice.
Seafood options now (Disclaimer- I haven't tried any so can't vouch on its tastiness nor freshness.) And tons of different desserts. 
Fried corn is batterless and so good when the oil is fresh. Cakes and pies are big enough for two. They've got a Groupon right now so their cheap prices are even cheaper for a limited time....Wonder if it's because Claiborne in front of their store is a current clusterfuck. Yet another smart marketing strategy! The owners seriously know what they're doing!
Whatever the case, brave the neighborhood and the parking nightmare to grab some of the best wings in the city.  
This place is a definite take-out joint. Even though they've tried with the interior, the few times I've attempted to eat in there, I've been panhandled and had a general sense of unease. Don't remember the condition of the bathrooms. Star taken off for not hiring someone to take care of their dine-in patrons. The girl behind the glass is already handling the phone and all orders coming in. They need a host/server which would deter non-customers from going in. Not cool.
So call ahead if you can. It will save you precious minutes between you and your wings. 
Note: for anyone interested in the news behind the "joke," the story can be found here: http://www.allaccess.com/net-news/archive/story/132580/wrno-parody-jingle-turns-into-real-ad-client
Sad that you can't see the music video anymore. The commercial was pretty funny and a true classic for John Osterlind and the Assclowns. Top 5 performances.It's a dive so don't expect anything great when walking in. The sauces are super creative and the staff exudes southern hospitality. I'd go back but let's be real it's chicken in Louisiana. I'm going to take a wild guess there are tons of chicken shacks. But an honorable mention goes to the mix of watermelon tea and oprah drink! AMAZING!!!If you don't mind the rough neighborhood, almost non existent parking or the traffic from all the street construction this is a pretty good place for wings. The place is a dump and people working here were really rude. I got the feeling it was because I was the wrong skin color. I really wanted to give this place 1 star or less but I did enjoy the wings. I tried 5 of the many flavors they had and liked all of them. I can't say much about the watermelon punch because I think they just gave me Kool-aid. This place could be so much more. Hopefully they will read peoples comments and make changes. I could overlook some things but never the service.We only went because of the groupon.
If you're only going because of the groupon, I vote skip it.
The menu was extensive, yes. There's every rendition of wings and fries that you can think of. Everything looks good and it smells good, but the rest of this visit was just... meh.
Service is ok. The wings were mediocre.
They got my order wrong twice.
Forgot to put hot sauce on my "crunchy hot" wings.
Left my broccoli bites out altogether.
By the time we got all this straightened out my Cajun ranch fries were cold.
I'm not likely to return, like I said... I was only there because of the groupon.We love fried chicken so while having drinks our bartender suggested that we come here for good wings. Went on a Tuesday afternoon. I must say I was impressed. I tried the garlic pepper, 0017, exotic Cajun (new flavor not on menu), original fried, and one more I can't remember. All were full of flavor and the customer service was great. Tried all three punches; Oprah, watermelon (tastes just like watermelon), and the concoction. The young lady let us sample flavors because it's so much to choose from. Definitely going here each time I visit Nola!food was ight but served quick, fresh and hot. customer service could use some work so be prepared if you go.I used to fuck with c&w heavy because of the Groupon offer of $14 for $20 worth of food but u only get 3 Groupons...so that ended. Then they had a 5 wing, fries, and a drink for 3.50 but if you use your card that's a ¢50 charge so after taxes it's about $5. The chicken wings in the 5 piece special are tiny af!!!! They must be chicks or something cause the regular wings in the other combos of 10 or more are of average size! This saddens me like if you don't want to put forth the same effort despite the number of wings, why have a special anyway?? I love black owned businesses but y'all gotta step that shit up!!! We too grown for baby wings!BEST WINGS EVER !!! LOOOOVE the Garlic & Parmesan wings, they were amazing !! There were tons of different flavors & I'm sure that they're all good but unfortunately I only got to try one.The wings were cooked just right,they weren't all soggy & greasy like a lot of the other places I've eaten at. I also got the Loaded Potato Fries with extra cheese & they were sooo good, they actually put extra cheese on them so they were super cheesy.We got our order to go & it didn't take very long for it to be ready but they do have a dining area too if you want to stay & eat.Arielle was working the register & she was very nice and friendly. They also sell all kinds of different flavored punches too but I didn't get a chance to try any of them , I guess It'll have to wait until next time.I'm sure I'd give this place a better review if they didn't completely diss us by hitting the panic lock to the front door when my boyfriend, friend and I tried to eat here. I'm not sure if its because we're white or because my boyfriend looks like he can put away some serious chicken but either way it was so effed up that we're still LOLling about getting barred from eating here. Wtf guys?Chicken is unique and service is fast but the restaurant could be cleaner and more upscaleHot fresh chicken! Lots of variety had the ranch parm & crunchy BBQ both were good. I'll try some new flavors next go around but they satisfied my wing craving for today.I've been a fan for years . However the last two visits within the last two months were disappointing. The wings were extremely small . The portions are equivalent to most kids meals . The wings are tasty but that's not enough to keep my loyalty . Unfortunately I will not be placing future orders .Found this place on Yelp... Small place but comfy. Wings were delicious and reasonable in price. Loved the watermelon slices and watermelon juice.Amazing food! This was my first time here after a recommendation from a friend. We even got to meet the rapper Juvenile. Great guy, great food, great jazz daiquiris next door.This place is a hidden gem. A good friend told me to go check it out and I was well pleased with food and service. I had a 25 piece wing with an order of cheese fries. The wings were good and the fries were a 10. The ladies that work in the place were very friendly and had great customer service skills.This place is so damn good.... I had the Cajun ranch wings and my folks had the fish fried wings... they are super nice in there.. and the daiquiris place next door was an added bonus.. don't let the outsude fool you this place is legit .. over 40 flavors of wings and fries... can't wait to go backAs a future wing owner, hopefully, the wings are pretty good. As reference, I will rank the five places I have had wings in the last 3 years (and don't hate, this is only MY opinion, not the law):
1, 2. Pluckers and Wing Stop (Franchises that started in Texas)
3. Wing Snack (New Orleans off of S Claiborne) 
4. Chicken and Watermelon
...
10. Buffalo Wild Wings
That's right, I skipped #5-9 but who cares, it's an opinion. So...Chicken and Watermelon is a ghetto hole in the wall place that I enjoyed. I've been twice and it has potential to be really good, but there are few stylistic points that I would like to see modified, but since it ain't my business but a thought, I'll simple leave it at a 4-star -- good enough to go back and recommend but nothing eye opening.
Hm, 5-piece combo with fries and a drink is under $8 (including tax). If you order 10 wings, drinks, and fries it comes out to be about $11-12. Their specialities are a Boogie wing which is slightly sweet. I ordered 4 different types of wings, brought it to a party, and everyone loved 'em. So it deserves a 4-star at the least.
Lastly other notes: credit card purchases include a fifty cent surcharge. Phone orders over 25 wings is a negatron (impossible). So if you are ordering a bunch of wings, you gotta come in person to achieve that. Anyway, good luck and happy wingin'.First time going there today. I've heard about this place from a few people, so I figured I'd give it a try. I tried their 0017th wings, and I must say that I am hooked. They have several other flavors to choose from. I will try all of them lol.
They also have some good sides as well. I tried their fried mushrooms, and they were delicious. Next time I'm going to try the fries. They have a new customer in me.We had a Groupon for Chicken and Watermelon and stopped in to grab some wings to take back to our hotel for dinner.  Be aware that the parking is pretty limited.  We saw some folks double and triple parked.
The interior is pretty small.  The menu is painted on a large wall and you order at a window.  
There was some confusion with our order but we ended up with 10 BBQ wings, 10 cajun ranch, and 5 cajun creole.  We also got some stuffed crab shells, an order of fries, and a watermelon punch.
The wings were certainly a highlight, well-sauced with good flavor.  They were done nicely also.  The stuffed crab shells were ok and the fries were soggy by the time we got back to the hotel (I recognize that's our fault as fries rarely hold up in to-go containers).  The watermelon punch was VERY sweet but did have a good watermelon flavor.
Nice work, Chicken and Watermelon.Why does this city not have a lot of chicken wing spots? Every now and then I get a craving for some good wings that aren't steroid injected and five times the size that wings are supposed to be. 
I wouldn't say these are the best wings I've ever had, but they aren't bad at all. This is your typical hood chicken spot, but with a lot more flavors than most places. Recently I went and tried the Cajun Ranch which came with a side of seasoned fries and a drink. For $6.49 this isn't a bad deal at all. I sampled some of my friends wings, and the Cajun ranch was the best out of all of them. I didn't try any of the punches (Obama, Michelle, etc) but from the looks on my friends faces, I wasn't missing out on anything and saved myself an injection of insulin. 
I would give this place another go if in the mood for wings again although Wing Stop just opened across the street and those are my jam and my jelly.
A few side pointers:
-They always seem to have a groupon for C & W so I would try buying one first before you try them out. You'll save your self a couple of bucks. 
-If your claustrophobic, do not attempt to use the commode. You'll immediately go into a panic attack and will have to claw your way out of the bathroom.
-Carryout is probably your best option unless you want to eat with strangers butt's in your face.The only reason this place doesn't get my 5 stars because parking is kind of a pain and it's in a rougher part of town. Try the boogie bird flavor its nuts!This is probably one of the best chicken spots in the city. Flavors are juicy. Service is fast. The restaurant has a very home-like feel. I've had nothing but great experiences here.The food was delicious!! We had the 20 piece, lemon pepper - hot, hot and Chipotle.  We also had boudain balls, they were yummy as well. The customer service is the WORST!!! I asked the lady at the counter about a groupon and the first thing she did was sign, almost in disgust.  She couldn't get my order correct.. she did not get my fries and was very nasty about me asking questions. JUST RUDE!!! 
Every little thing you order there is going to be an extra charge. The watermelon concoction is wayyyyyy too sweet, it's overly sweet kool-aid at $3 a cup.
As we were leaving the lady that took my order and another patron got into an argument because the customer service was so poor. 
I understand hole in the wall businesses, but we're visitors and I can say we wont be back..Chicken wangs are my thang. 
When a place starts getting a rep for finger lickin good chicken, its on my radar. 
They are located on the sketchy street of Claiborne and the decor in the tiny interior is lets say,eclectic. 2 dimensional art work of Lil Wayne and pictures of their food adorns the walls. There is an order window and a pick up window that is actually a cut out in a door. You cant see anything that is going on back there and Im pretty sure we dont want to. 
As for the chicken, very big pieces for very little prices. The lemon pepper was our fav(it usually is) and the chipotle dry rub was pretty good too. The cheese fries have canned cheese on top which was a disappointment. I tried the watermelon punch and it was basically watermelon kool-aid. I got a kick out of some of their menu items like Oprah punch and funny wing flavors. And for $1, you can get yourself a wedge of watermelon. 
There are many combo options and catering pans too. They were very nice and offered samples of the sauces we inquired about. Once 12:00 rolled around there was a line waiting to order. 
I would like to go back at least one more time and try different flavors. 
The bathrooms were scary just to warn you and made me question just how old this building was. 
I will definitely keep them on my list for a house party catering option since they only charge $45 for a 100 piece. 
So if youre in the area and looking for a cheap lunch, pull on up in the front lot and get you some chicken and watermelon!Honestly, very disappointed. Heard a lot about how great and authentic it was, and in the end, it felt like a join that knew thy had good word of mouth so they didn't put as much effort in as they could have. Got wings and fries, with the wings being far too flavored and salty, but the fries were nice. Service was good and quick, but ultimately, expected a lot more.I've been eating here for quite a while. The different flavors of wings may overwhelm you just a bit. But don't trip. You won't go wrong trying any of them. It's a no frills type of place. Pretty small. There's 5 booths for seating. A walk up window to order from. All food is given "to-go". Chicken is ordered in flavored increments. 10,15,20,25,30 & 100. My personal favorite is to get a 10 piece....5 boogie bird, 5 #0017. I know, weird names for flavors huh?! Lol. There soooooo good tho! So that's the chicken part, as for the watermelon....there's a watermelon punch that's really just a SUPER SWEET watermelon kool-aid type drink.  The place is totally worth a try if your into wings!!One of my goals for this year is to frequent more small local restaurants in Nola. I heard really good things about the chicken at this place. To be honest- it was a while ago (like a year) that I heard these things but I assumed the food would still be good. I ordered on Waiter. It was a very simple order- 5 piece lemon pepper and fries with a drink and slice of watermelon. I also ordered a side of ranch dressing. The order was delivered in a decent time but it was wrong. Now I was given lemon pepper wings but no ranch dressing on the side and no watermelon (which I actually was looking forward to). The fries I was given were smothered in ranch (similar to the style at WeDats). I didn't ask for that but it was helpful as I was able to rub the ranch from my fries to the chicken. They also gave me 10 wings and I had a small container that had 5 more wings in it. I was annoyed at first but that went away when I noticed I was given way more chicken than I ordered and, like I said before, at least it was the right flavor (this is the reason I decided not to call them). The annoyance came back when I actually looked at the chicken. The wings have to be the smallest wings I have ever seen. And they were old, like you could clearly tell they had been sitting for a while (see the dark color in the picture). And kinda dry. Just very poor quality wings. This is a shame because I actually liked the flavor on the wings. But I don't think I ate 5 of them. I ended up giving them to my teenager who is like a vacuum. I guess it's a good sign he didn't get sick. Anywho, I doubt that I will try them again.I mean, I ordered the Caribbean Chicken with Teriyaki sauce and two sides of Cajun fries. The chicken was dry as hell, the sauce was lightly drizzled on the chicken, the fries was nothing to go to church on. They make the fries and then add a little season on it, and call it Cajun fries. It was not all that great. Nothing was juicy and they forgot my ranch that I paid for. I should have just stopped being lazy and took myself to Manchu's. I was hoping with a name like, Chicken and Watermelon that I was about to get some bomb ass chicken but what I got was some foolery. This is my first experience, it may have been a simple mistake by the cook but this is my honest review. I'll give it another try when my taste buds are wanting something that's not too good but good enough.I walked in and was surprised when I saw a menu written in chalk on the left wall and what looks to be their workers behind some sort of bulletproof window. Before I could order, I was forced to listen to all types of profanity coming from behind the window (their workers were talking about their recent visit to a nightclub). No one greeted me, attempted to take my order... Etc... As I was walking out, the man shouted "alright, na..." Ummm... Pleasures all mine???  Horrible customer service and not the type of establishment you should bring your child in... I will NEVER eat the chicken from here (which sucks because I heard it was really good). They need to replace the workers that they have, and perhaps hire people who have worked in the service industry before or people that even have a little bit of respect for themselves as well as others. I blame the owner for obviously hiring friends or family, and also for the whole set up, I mean there is a brand new shopping center right next door as well as other restaurants and I don't see their workers hiding behind a prison glass...Omg the wet hot wings are so delicious, I went 2 days in a row.  I ordered a 10pcs and I enjoyed every bit. I will be returning soon!Great little chicken spot. Wonderful variety of flavors and quantity of chicken wings available. The kool aid punch was pretty good and the pictures of Obama with rappers and Muhammad Ali were nice. The place has a hood ambiance which adds to the charm. Also directly next door to a daiquiri spot, which doesn't hurt at all. 
The bathroom was disgusting and the employees attitudes were as stank as the bathroom. Definitely a place where employees ARE NOT washing their hands. Eat here on the regular and your immune system will be able to take malaria or yellow fever and laugh. As long as you don't have to pee or get friendly service, this place is the joint! I was even more excited to see no fake eyelashes or Remy hair make it into my platter. Just get your food, don't make eye contact and leave.I used to rave about Chicken and Watermelon to just about anyone who would listen, but after three disappointing experiences in a row, I will never return.  I agree with the other reviewers who have commented that this establishment is simply trying to get by on its previous reputation while cutting all corners imaginable.
Went in last night and ordered 25 wings, two different flavors, but both "wet."  Prior to the visit, I had commented that I was hesitant to return because my past two orders were comprised of the tiniest chicken wings I have ever seen.  We did not have that problem this time, but the wings were not sauced; just had some hot sauce slightly "drizzled" on them.
$25 for 25 small chicken wings with barely a splash of hot sauce!? Never again!Tonight I'm heated so I'm rating this shit because this ugly bald headed cookie bush ass wearing bitch that was taking orders had me messed up tonight. First of all the place was packed which isn't a big deal if you're A REGULAR & know what the hype about. I've had poor customer service from here more than once but tonight I had to get out of character with the young not so lady like (lil girl), she was rude while talking my order (I let that slide) but once my order came out and I ask to change one of my fruit punch to root beer she slammed the window and walked off, second time she came back before I could tell her my order was wrong she had already rudely closed the window again, at this point I'm just on 10 because she had me twisted at this point. Long story short OK WINGS BUT  not so BIG size wise ON THE WINGS THEY'RE TINY, should be BIGGER FOR THE PRICES, the flavors are the best part about them. But the CUSTOMER service is SHITS I MEAN HORRIBLE. My bf loves this place and always spend his money here but with this poor customer service I definitely won't spend a dime here ever again. And I hope the owner see this so you know the girl with the short cookie bush light skinned who was working on 8/29/19 tonight, you need to let that trash go. She definitely bad for business & you definitely need a better customer service team... FYI.Ordered 65 wings and only received 50.  Also the wings here are incredibly small and have very little meat, but they cost almost $2 a wing.  Very disappointed and will never be eating here again.The food is certainly improved since they first opened up. I haven't tried a flavor I don't like yet and the Caribbean bbq may be my favorite. The wings are fried crispy which is a major key. The fries are done the same way. Only draw backs are the lack of seating and parking.If you're into flavors you will love this place!! I believe they said there are 80
Flavor options for the wings. One good thing you don't have to pay for ranch! I was in the valley of decisions regarding the flavors I wanted my wings to be. The let me sample the sauces I inquired about! The drink concoction that they have is refreshing!! A must try!I love this place. I've been here several times and always had a good experience. I just wish they'd finish the construction on S Claiborne because sometimes parking can be scarce.
If you're in NO, check out Chicken and Watermelon. The drinks are great, heavy on the sugar though, and the chicken flavors are great and plentifulI've ordered C&W a few times through delivery apps when I'm in the mood for wings and although they're a little more expensive the flavor and wings are DELICIOUS. I'm a huge fan of their bbq flavors and I've tried a few other flavors that were delish.
This place is a solid spot for delivery and you'll be happy.This place has great wings. 
I have only been once on a groupon. I normally wouldnt have stopped here. It is not in the best area and its not very attractive. I almost feel like I might offend someone just by walking into this establishment... But dont let that fool you. 
Menu is pretty basic...wings...and sides (fried this and that). Wings come wet or with dry rub. We got the honey bbq. You can also get ranch dressing upon request. The wait isnt long and there are booths inside, each with its own tv mounted on the wall.
I dont know about dining in as an option but waiting isnt an issue. Staff is friendly and helpful if you get confused (like i did with my groupon).
I would definitely come back..and i highly recommend the wings.Ordered from Postmates and for some reason I ended up with the "boogie bird"wings. Can't even begin to explain how disgustingly is work. It's some kind of Italian dressing soaked wings. Completely inedible. Fries were also bad but edible - only cold. I don't think this was just a matter of the long delivery. These would've never been good!On Oct 14 my company held a business lunch for 40 people  
They have a large meeting room to the left of the main dining room  it is bright and comfortable  
Our food was fantastic   We had 300 wings in 5  flavors, fries, celery and ranch dressing and watermelon punch  we had one little wing left and it didn't last long 
Ron and Elizabeth provided wonderful service and were very accommodating   Thank you both so very much  
Our meeting was a success, the food and service was impeccable   
Thank you Chicken &  Watermelon  we will be back and I recommend Chicken and  Watermelon .
CGP for  RSCLI was in the area and decided to check them out. I was hesitant about going especially that other people complained about the size which was all true. The wing size is really tiny.  Also the actual wings were okay; I felt like they didn't have much flavor. Good thing I added the garlic parmesan it helped with the flavor. However most of the cheese didn't stick to it which was kind of annoying. But the most annoying thing about this place is that they charge 50cents extra for using the credit card. The chick at the register didn't mention anything. And if there were signs I didn't see any. I'm very short, so i barely saw the employee taking my order. Also the employee at the register could've been nicer to everyone. She just looked/ sounded annoyed with every customer. If you are in the area then I would suggest maybe going there but I wouldn't drive just to eat at this location.I had ordered a 10 piece jerk chicken with ranch fries the food was pretty decent but in smaller portions small wings small portion of french fries I got no utensils napkins or dipping sauce for my wings the girl that took my order I thought she was a customer sitting in the lobby I also ask can I order and additional side of fries to go on top of my fries that I ordered with the plate she then said no they don't do that there and have an ugly attitude but I want be backDry chicken and really ghetto location, didn't like the customer service. Saw a dude get assaulted too. Smh.The food is good HOWEVER the service is slow and those cashiers BABY they are the RUDEST young ladies I have ever seen in customer service this was my second time coming since I was in town for a wedding and decided to show my friends this spot as well and that customer service was complete trash. They made so many mistakes as well and handed out wrong food. Everyone in the lobby was just frustrated. again the food is good but there definitely needs to be some retraining for the front of houseI obtained my chicken and french fry combo via WAITR delivery, but I really don't think that had anything to do with how terrible my wings were. The driver made it to my office within 15 minutes of picking up the food. My wings were still hot, but my fries were solid room temperature. The wings were not fresh, I guarantee it. I've made the mistake at home of microwaving leftover wings, and these were definitely either microwaved or dipped in hot oil after already being cooked the day before. The smell was unpleasant, and the meat did not taste good.
And the $1.25 upcharge for a "drizzle" of sauce. They are not kidding when they say drizzle, so if you like your wings fully sauced be prepared to shell out however many dollars it will take to make that happen. The presentation was sad and pathetic. And there was no slice of watermelon included with my order as the delivery menu specifically states comes with the orders. 
I've been wanting to try this place for years and now I know it's only hype. I recommend you spend your hard earned wing dollars at MoPho, Bourre, WingSnack, Manchu  or Bayou Hot Wings. Skip this absurdly overpriced place that is probably laughing at how many people buy into how "legit" it is. (Yes, it costs more than all aforementioned establishments.)I was so tired of the same old flavors. Been seeing this place for years so we decided to stop. So glad we did. So many different flavors to choose from. We had the lemon pepper and 0017. Both were GREAT!! The service was fast and the cashier was very pleasant and helpful.Good place for wings.  When I'm in town, I usually get the GYMR (get your mind right).  It's hit and miss on getting them cooked to my liking throughout the week day.  Sometimes the cook doesn't fry them long enough or not enough sauce.  You can't go wrong with the cook on Friday night, on point!  Overall good place to get in and out for wings.I was passing by in the neighborhood and I thought this would be a great to pass by. My friend knows the owner and the owner was very kind to me. The food was fresh and just what I needed. They have so many different flavors. I would love to try all of them. I suggest you try one of their awesome punch juices.I loved this place! It was near where I was staying when I visited, so my friend and I popped in (more than once). The first time we went it was slightly overwhelming, what with all the sauce choices, so the chef (maybe owner? maybe he was both?) heard I couldn't decide and came out to help me. He brought a tray of different sauces for me to try and even recommended pairings of flavors that he thought went well together. I ended up going with one of his suggestions (watermelon flavor and another I can't remember). He was right! The combo was amazing! It was so nice to talk with him, and hear his passion about the food they cooked there. It's a chicken wing place, so it's not going to be the fanciest, but the flavors and food were amazing; which is what really matters to me. If you love wings, definitely try this place out!I have been here twice and the wings are okay, but the cooks do not listen. I asked for my wings fried crispy, with teriyaki sauce and lemon pepper. However, when I got my food the fries were inedible because they were fried too long and my wing sauces/toppings were not how I asked. I went back inside and they fixed my order, only to come home and the wings were not even fried all the way. I like for my chicken to be fried extra crispy and they were unable to do that. I called to speak to a manager, and the staff said that there was no one present. So my issue went unresolved and I am out of $20. As a college student that doesn't have a lot of money and this be my only meal of the day, just to order something and the restaurant not listen in deplorable. It is very important to LISTEN. I will not recommend this place.THEY CLEARLY CANT READ AND THEY ARE SUPER RUDE!! I spent 70$ and they gave me the wrong chicken then expected me to place another other to BUY MORE FUCKING CHICKEN LIKE I DIDNT JUST SPEND 70$ and get the WRONG ORDER  Then just hung up when I said I know that I ordered definitely not happy with this Uber eats orderThey wings are the best in our city!!! I always get "buddy Luv" light seasoning. The girls at the counter are so sweet. Mon-Thurs they have a special $4.50 for a 5pc combo.Wings are tasty but too small. I've been supporting this business for a few years and I don't remember the wings as 'party size'.I always eat at chicken and watermelon until today. Me and my sister ordered a 15 piece combo and wanted Cajun creole and hit with Cajun ranch fries and a extra Cajun ranch fries. Our fries had no ranch on it whatsoever and our wings were all wrong instead of getting the 2 flavors we ordered we received one flavor. When we called to inform them our order was incorrect the young lady over the phone said no that's what you ordered and she didn't hear the other flavor or the fact we wanted Cajun ranch fries with extra ranch. She didn't even offer for us to bring the order back since it was obvious I was order was incorrect. We don't even know the flavor we have because it's nothing that we've had before. I now know why I haven't been eating there often due to the lack of orders being correct and the poor customer service and to say I live less than 5 minutes I would rather drive to other places after today. So disappointed at this current moment it's just ridiculous.Legit AF! The place is no frills and I'm pretty sure no AC as well. But you aren't there for that food so who cares. Staff was friendly and the price was right. The "get your mind right" wings are spicy with robust and well developed flavor.   If you like wings check this place outI saw this place while driving back to my hotel one night and did a double take as I passed by. I later researched it online to find that it was a newly opened restaurant by UTP Records recording artist, "Skip. The next day I back looking for lunch. First thing first, it is cash only, so have that ready. It is in a little strip shopping center but parking is right up front. The menu is extensive with a large wall of blackboard and written menu items. The article I read "It's literally a great variety of chicken wings and watermelon punch that has gained a delectable reputation in New Orleans" (Culpepper, 2012). So I was looking forward to it and figured I would go with the wings and punch.
You place your order at the back of the restaurant where a worker is behind a wall with a little window. In the window I noticed several cans of soda, including Arizona Company Watermelon Fruit Juice Cocktail. I am not sure if the watermelon punch I had was something different or if it was from a can of Arizona. Either way, it was good. If you do not water watermelon punch they also have a Michelle Punch and an Obama Punch.  I am not sure what those two taste like...
I went with a 10 piece hot wings. They arrived a bit later and looked plentiful, but I am not sure I would have given them the description delectable as the article I read indicated. Some of the bones had very little meat, I didn't really get the taste of much hot or flavor, and they were a bit dry for me. I don't know if that is the way they typically come or an off-chance, but I would probably try a different flavor next time. Maybe the Jerk, Lemon Pepper, or Cajun Creole? 
The prices were not bad - 10 for $6.98 and 15 for $10.33, but with that you could have 2 flavors. That might have been a good way to try some others. I would definitely go with the watermelon punch though. That was excellent, even if it might have been the can.I was casually eating when an obvious autist walked in waving his arms and sticking out his tongue. The manager stormed in with his boys, waving guns and said "you're dead moose meat" and proceeded to destroy the poor mans equipment and started a ruckus. The chicken was good tho.This place has the best wings I've had in a long time. We had twenty with mixed sauces, watermelon candy, cajun creole, and boogie bird. All were delicious. Fried okra was great. Go...you won't be disappointed.An update is due when you catch yourself drooling over the thought of their wing combinations, don't blink an eye for delivery orders or smile everytime you pass by their restaurant. I love the flavor offerings and the chance to do a double down( (that's what I call it lol) and can get your wings wet and then add a dry rub or another sauce on it. These wings are freaking delicious and everyone needs to try them. Great I just drooled over my laptop typing this... I'm ordering some this week.This is my style of wing! They're smaller than other places, but that's ideal for the sauce to meat ratio. Had 4 of the sauces and they were all creative and unique. Prices are great. Definitely coming back again to try more. Fries and okra were good.Cashiers were polite and courteous, cute too. But the value of the tiny tiny wings was not close. I mean tiny baby wings. Dat Get Ya Mind right sauce was jammin and really flavorful, fries and wings cooked perfectly but the wings were so freaking tiny it was an insult. The boudin bites were on point. I'm not saying I won't be back but next time I'm gonna have to spend even more money to get what would normally be a $12.00 plate I'll have to spend $20 to get full. But customer service was good, atm only works in Spanish but no problem for me as I speak Spanish. Place was clean and organized but dang them wings were tinyyyyyyyyyyy. Considered (party wings) not 6-8ct per lb 12-14 per lb but 14-18 per lb. Anyhow I'll be back for the cute girls, that hot sauce and the boudin. I may skip the wings and get a chicken sandwich wit dat get ya mind right sauce all over it.Had the 20 piece crunchy half garlic parm & lemon pepper.  The chicken was made to order & since it was crunchy it took a additional 15min but it was well worth it. I enjoyed my meal & the place has a colorful cool vibe w tvs to help pass the time.