I kept seeing this small little quaint place on the corner of the street on maple. This place serves thai food alsowith some american breakfast food. I tried their pad thai which was decent priced and a good portion. They also have good lunch specials. If you want good thai food thats quick and cheap. This is the place to go. The menu was pretty limited, with a basic selection for thai food and some breakfast food. Good for studying too. Overall it's a great and casual place to stop by if you are craving affordable thai food.Prices were more than fair.
The spring rolls were excellent, and a fairly different twist on the concept. My wife, who is entirely unfamiliar with Asian fare, thought it was sushi due to the way it is plated. Easy on the eyes and the palate.
I then sampled the Tom Kar soup (cocount milk) with chicken. It was perfect. The vegetables in the soup were not under cooked, but had a wonderful crunch to them, and the bowl was riddled with tender chicken breast meat.
For dinner I had the red curry, and ordered it extra spicy. Finally a place that actually serves me something that tickles the spicy spots just right whenever I order it "extra spicy." Far from bland, the dish's flavors still shone through exceptionally well and the veggies once again were crisp yet not under cooked. The dish itself was delectable, and if the review stopped here Chill Out would be up for a 5 star nomination, but we have to take into account my wife's order.
She had the crawfish omelette. It was every single bit as disappointing and bland as another reviewer labeled it. We were both absolutely famished so she ate the whole thing, but was none too pleased with it. It's a shame really, because she is not fond of Thai cuisine, although I love it. This place was a great compromise for us, but it'll take some convincing for me to get her back in there to try a different breakfast item so that I may enjoy the Thai food.
The portions were listed by some other reviewers as small, but I thought there were more than fair, and I'm possessed of a ravenous appetite.
The atmosphere was simple, yet inviting and warm. The porch seating is about as fine as you can get in this part of the city.
Give this place a chance, I couldn't ask for much more than what was delivered, but I must suggest to the chef that they revisit their approach for a crawfish omelette.I love this place!  The service is great -- the waitress always remembers us and our orders.  The thai iced tea is wonderful!  
I enoy the pad thai every time I go.  My fiance loves the Tom Kar soup.  In fact all of the soups are delicious.  
the breakfast options seem like an odd pairing, but the breakfast croissant is delicious and i love the side salad that comes with it.  
It might not be the best thai food in New Orleans, but it is the least pretentious and the most friendly atmosphere.  The prices are affordable and the service is great.Fly in my soup, automatic one star. Check your dishes before sending them out, it isn't that difficult. Never coming back. Peep picture for flyYou can't beat a good, full plate of teriyaki chicken, steamed rice and veggies for less than $9. Chill Out Cafe's name doesn't allude to this little Asian joint in Oak Street Area.  You can walk right past it, thinking it's some hipster place with bowls or something.  But it's fast meals served up from their great menu.
What I liked about the teriyaki is that it wasn't too sweet over over-sauced.  The balance of the savory soy flavor was spot on, the steamed rice was not sticky and the veggies weren't over cooked.  
Hubby and I were both really satisfied after the cheap, yet find at Chill Out.  We've gone a second time and it was equally good.  Fast service and they also offer takeout.I recently went to Thailand for vacation and was craving some authentic Thai food. This place did not disappoint! They had authentic Thai chilies made in their own yard and their food is pretty good! Ordered panang curry and papaya salad. Definitely really good choices. Will come back!Maybe it's because we went around closing time but our entire order was messed up. Sauce was not put on the side as requested and I got the wrong dish altogether. However the food did taste good and the waitress was nice. I'll give them another shotWhat a crazy little place - great pad thai and some of the best drunken noodles I've had, regardless of city!Seems to be the best Thai food we have had in New Orleans after trying a handful of places. I've struggled for some time finding a solid place to get Thai down here, which is surprising considering this being the culinary capital in the US, but this place takes the cake.
While not the best Thai I've had, it can satisfy my cravings whenever I'm looking for some spicy (have to ask) Pad Thai or Drunken Noodles.Yesterday was my 2nd visit to this establishment. Both times I ordered the Himalayan Chicken and both times it has not disappointed. It's so delicious I don't even have a desire to try anything else! The serving potion is perfect for lunch and it's extremely affordable. The location is attractive.  The staff is friendly and attentive. I like this place for lunch and would highly recommend it.I found this place coming from hot yoga on Oat Street.  I'm glad I did,even though​ it not on Carrollton Ave. . This  place is now my go to spot for Thai w fresh seafood. . The coconut soup is the best. The service is friendly, like the  mom and pop place it is.. Its always clean and sunny. Thai is my fav, so I'll  still go to Cafe Equator when I am in Metairie. Its good to have choices and neither is over-priced, Chill out is also very consistent, so I feel confident when I take others there. They always tell me they are glad i found it.Great Thai food! The food comes out quick and the staff is on point. We Love Thai food and we love Chill out cafe. It located by Maple street in a really cute neighborhood.Came upon this place one Sunday morning after wanting to avoid the long lines of the usual Brunch crowd. One of the many places in the city which give an enjoyable, home vibe due to being a house in a former life. Had the pick of the place since there was only one table filled. Opted for a table outside to catch a rare July cool breeze. One look at the menu let me know the primary focus was more Thai cuisine then American breakfast. Lunch starting at 10:00am is funny, but good to know there's an option for that. Breakfast menu is limited & unoriginal (except for coconut waffles), but the basics are covered. My girlfriend & I both went for an omelet (her ham; seafood for me). Ingredients were fresh. Eggs cooked with textbook perfection. Had a good natural flavor but was disappointed by the lack of salt & pepper at the table. I'm sure it was available on request. Waitress was the only thing that kept me from giving 5 stars. She wasn't terrible....just appeared to be new. Took a while to bring us a menu even though no one was there. By the time she checked on us, I was done my meal. She proceed to take my plate away & bring the check, even though my girlfriend was still eating. She was never rude, just inexperienced. All in all, a good experience. Will definitely go back, especially to check out the Thai portion of the menu.I've only ever had the Pad Thai here so I can't go to in depth into this review,  but the Pad Thai is always great and the service is always nice and friendly. I go about once a month or so just to get the Pad Thai, it's that goodIt's just okay. I avoided this place for years, because its sign says American breakfast & Thai cuisine. Kind of weird. But it was convenient today.
Service was fine, but not good. Environment is nice, beautiful wrap around porch to sit on.
Food! The Tom Ka is good. A coconut soup with chicken or shrimp. It had a bunch of vegetables too. A small is good as an appetizer. 
I got the vegetarian Red Curry lunch special. The taste was not bad at all, but like your non Thai friend made it/ a little bland. I did like the big assortment of veggies in it, tho. And the salad that comes with it has a really good dressing.I love the friendly staff and great prices! Super yummy! Love the all veggie options. Brown rice too. Living in New Orleans it's nice to have fresh Thai food. If you want a break from the Southern fried dishes, this place is the spot!Chill Out Cafe provides a quality meal in a warm, casual setting.
Atmosphere - 7/10
Nothing super special about the atmosphere. It was pretty cute and lended to a relaxed experience. I thought it was a bit but my sister disagreed, and really enjoyed it. The outdoor seating is awesome if the weather permits it.
Food - 7/10*
Food is okay. Everything that we ate was satisfying but didn't blow me away. Shumai was a bit rubbery and everything else, the ginger chicken and tofu red curry, was a bit mild. If you ask, the servers will bring you Thai chili which elevates the meal completely.
Service - 10/10
Our waitress was extremely attentive and beyond sweet. Despite being the only server, we got what felt like undivided attention. Her personality accentuates the atmosphere which the restaurant's name, Chill Out Cafe, describes. 
Price - 9/10
The lunch specials are extremely well priced, at around $9 a plate. Some of the appetizers are a bit steeper in price but not without reason. No qualms here.
Overview - 8.25/10 
Chill Out Café is a perfect place to go on a chill (get it?) morning. It will hardly blow anyone way but the service and price point make a strong case for it.
I'll be back!I passed this place by several times because I didn't realize it was Thai food because of the name. Now that I've tried it.  Amazing! The tom yum soup is incredible! If you are looking for good Thai,  defiantly recommend this place!Consistently terrible, I have no idea why this place has 4 stars. Even after a long night of imbibing the pad kee mao is a let down. I live close by and will always take a short drive to get decent Thai. Avoid if you can help it.The most bland pad thai I've ever tasted. I don't really know what else to write. I got the vegetarian pad thai and there was a decent amount of veggies in it, but they were bland as well. Very disappointed. The papaya salad was decent. There was a good amount of heat which I enjoyed. I will probably not come back to this establishment.I was looking for a good authenic Thai restaurant and I was recommended to visit Chill Out Cafe by a former professor who is Thai. He knows the family very well and promised  I would not be disappointed. Well, I wasn't! This is some of the best Thai I've eaten aside from NYC. Even then, it's a tight race. Love it :)It was quick and they where very attentive. The place is small, but clean. They have a nice selection of outdoor seating. 
I ordered the lunch special which goes M-Sat and ends at 3. This surprised me. It came with clear soup, a salad, I ordered the Himalayan chicken, and a side of white rice. It was only 8.50! It was awesome! And a great value considering its uptown and was on a Saturday. 
SO ordered the papaya salad. His main complaint was that it wasn't spicy enough and he had to add his own Sriracha. 
My friend who was with us ordered the pad Thai. She enjoyed it. She ended up taking some home. 
The whole lunch cost us around 40 bucks. But that's for 3 lunches and some left overs!Good food, good prices, big portions, not to greasy.. pretty "chill out" atmosphere :) and they get their tea right... Definitely good value...i really wanted breakfast and was strolling down maple st. waffle looked like about the last thing i wanted to eat (ever), so i saw on the chill out cafe sign that they had "american breakfast." the breakfast options didn't look to appealing so i went with the green curry chicken. it was a really good, middle-of-the-road curry - not too spicy but just spicy enough, lots of bamboo shoots, very few green bell peppers, and lots of chicken. i cleaned the plate and was very content with my meal.
the three stars is because there wasn't anything that really stood out to make it special, but the meal was great. i thoroughly enjoyed it and will definitely stop in again when i'm in the area.Excellent everytime. I've been several times and got different things. Staff is friendly and the food comes out quickly. Very reasonably priced especially in New Orleans. My lunch plate, soup and salad $8. Can't beat it!!!This is a regular spot for me. Located close to a coffee shop i study at they have reliably quick take out (as well as sit down dining). Interestingly enough they serve breakfast food here too. I see people ordering it but I never have been brave enough to deviate from my normal orders. I tend to stick to the pad kee mao - which is a noodle dish that is a little on the spicy side. The vegetables vary but are always well cooked. I usually opt for chicken as my protein and it complements all the other flavors of the dish. The prices are pretty reasonable and the staff is always friendly.This is my favorite lunch spot on Maple Street on days that I can take my time enjoying good weather and delicious food on their porch.  The ladies that run the restaurant are very welcoming to this solo girl.  I usually get their seafood curry lunch special, which comes with a soup and small noodle salad.  The dish is packed with fresh shrimp, crawfish (in season), mussels, and scallops.  It's filled with flavor, but not too spicy.  I've always eaten it in one sitting, but I bet it's even better after sitting in the fridge for a day.  The price is right, too.
Why not 5 stars?  
If I was writing about food, they would get 5.  I reduced it to 4 after having my lunch interrupted by college students 3 tables away (other tables were empty) explicitly discussing their sex life.  I'm not judging.  Just comes with the territory of a spot in the University 'hood.I would absolutely avoid this place at all costs - it took two hours to get our absolutely mediocre food. 
Over cooked meat, poor seasoning and indifferent staff will make this review irrelevant soon - Chill Out is chilling itself out of business.Love loev this place.  Fresh ingredients and great prices.We got the Tom yum goon soup, fresh spring rolls, pad Thai and Lo mein the for dessert the tropical delight. All was Amazing!Good thai + cheap prices + cute location = a place that ill bring friends
We went for the first time last night when craving pad thai.  We got the fresh veggies spring rolls which were amazing!  I highly recommend them. I got the veggie pad thai and my boyfriend got the pad kao mee which he loved.  I was not a huge fan of the pad thai and I thought it was kinda greasy.  He thought the serving sizes were small but I thought mine was fine.  The service was great and I loved that we could sit outside.  I would go back and order a different dish. Overall I liked this place a lot!I've eaten the pad thai at this restaurant for a solid 5 years and I still crave it. It's that good.This little shotgun house-turned-cafe is another solid uptown find.  It's buried in the depths of Maple street, but it fits in well.  A solid mixture of Asian cuisine fills the bill, though Thai is the headline.  You won't find that high-spice level here which you may find at other Thai places, but don't count them out based on that -- spicy dishes are clearly marked and worth it.  The place boasts solid portions with the flavors and taste to bring you back.Food was quick ( had been microwaved) and tasty. 
I had chicken pad thai from the lunch special and I was given a decent sized portion. Staff was attentive. no complaintsOne of the best Thai restaurants I've been to! The Thai Iced Tea is perfectly sweet. The lunch special is a perfect value. I am not a fan of soup typically, but this soup has amazing flavor. My husband got the Drunken Noodles and they were the right amount of spice. Highly recommend!Update: since I reviewed Chill Out a couple of years ago, the business has expanded and the staff's knowledge of the menu deepened. I am 100% happy every time I eat there! It is a gorgeous spot with delicious food! 
Original review: Being vegan in New Orleans is some tough business, particularly when trying to eat out. Asian cuisine is usually the "safe route" - there's always something without dairy or meat in Asian food, right? Maybe in most Americanized Asian restaurants, but not at Chill Out. It's quite simple to ask for a dish without fish or oyster sauce, no meat, sub tofu; however, at Chill Out, the employees I have encountered are in the process of learning English, which means that asking for a dish without something is rather unsuccessful (on both parts - we merely do not speak the same language). If I wasn't vegan, I can confidently give Chill Out a 5-star rating - the wait staff is friendly, the atmosphere is quaint and inviting, and the food is tasty. If you have diet preferences or even allergies for that matter, though, I would suggest bringing your business elsewhere for the time being.We were looking for yummy Thai with outdoor seating near Audubon Zoo and this was the sweet spot! Service was good - our waitress was attentive, quick to respond to requests and pleasant. The Thai iced tea wasn't super fresh, but still pretty good. A suggestion for the owner(s): A few potted/hanging plants along the front porch railing (especially along the left side when facing the house) would do a world of good for atmosphere and create a barrier to the building (and trash bin) next door. Overall, very happy with our experience and the delicious Thai cuisine!I ordered Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles) with tofu and vegetables which is my go-to dish when eating at new Thai spots, and I have to say it was highly disappointing.
- Noodles tasted like they were sitting out for a while or were undercooked
- Dish wasn't seasoned well. Some noodles were still off-white. All you taste is the chili pepper and not much of anything else.
- I like some variety and exoticness in my vegetable selection. For example: squash, green beans, asparagus, cucumbers, etc. Only vegetables they cooked in this dish was cabbage, carrots, celery, and broccoli from what I can tell. Not very exciting.
- The dish basically looked like bad take-out =\
Funny thing is I ate this while being starved all day and it still tasted gross lol. Don't think I'll be returning here. If you're looking for Thai, try Banana Blossom on the Westbank or Siamese in Metairie.Despite what I thought to be a particularly lame name for a restaurant, I gave this place a shot for lunch (it's within walking distance of my house). I was very pleased.  I ordered some sort of ginger chicken with veggies.  The portion was huge (enough to take home for leftovers, yay!) and it was fresh and delicious.  I also tried the thai iced tea and was blown away.  Creamy and spicy and very filling - more like a dessert.  Service was friendly and great too.  Can't wait to go back and try breakfast sometime.We eat here frequently and EVERYTHING is delicious. We have never been disappointed. The help is friendly. The few times we've gotten take out, the order has been correct.Great Thai place that's hidden down Carrollton. Found this place while I was driving down the area. It's small but the food overall is pretty good. My favorite is this appetizer which I don't remember what it's called. But it's delicious! And I always get it everytine I come here!We had the American breakfast. Good basic food, not great. Pleasant server. If you live in the neighborhood, give it a try.A very nice surprise.
Affordable and delishh, this place has excellent service and the food is surprisingly elegant!
The "house" salad (for a brunch/thai place, you expect the standard greens, carrots, cucumbers, dressing) is complex, addictive, and an experience in itself.  It contains three different sauces, sweet, marinated cucumbers, a BILLION vegetables, and pretty spring greens, all served very beautifully.  A steal at $5.
Boyfriend and I both got noodle dishes which were equally surprisingly complex and delicious.  I think I got the Phat Woon Zen, which was around $8, moist, pretty, also addictive.
A great place at a great location for a great price.  Can't beat it.  Will absolutely be returning.Found this place tucked away in the riverbend.  I had the shumai and the pad Thai with chicken.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but pretty tasty.  I'd come back to give a few more dishes a try.Poor service. our waiter forgot half our order and came back to ask what he had forgotten. It was unprofessional and annoying. The food was nice, Tom yum soup was as good as I've had it in the city, but the fresh spring rolls were sitting in a huge puddle of sauce. Why take the dipping option away?? Overall, terrible service, confused concept, and standard Thai cuisine.I came in here Saturday(6\28\2014) afternoon by mere chance. I've seen the place before but wasnt drawn BC the whole "thai-american breakfast" seemed rather vague, weird and maybe desperate for business. That's why in other occasions, I would try first the neighboring restaurants instead. Once inside, the place was quaint, quiet and unpretentious. I wasn't sure if to breakfast or Thai. Because the staff was Asian, I ordered pad Thai and spring rolls. Both plates were suberb and the service was great. Everything was reasonably priced. I do see myself coming back.
I only gave it 4 stars BC the noodles can be of a little better quality.(all noodles considered)
If you get a chance, I would recommend it.Great tofu basil veggie stir fry, Nicely spicy.   Good breakfast plate too.  Great value.I had lunch here, and it was really pretty tasty. Being unadventurous when it comes to food I'm not super familiar with (like Thai food), I had the simple Pad Thai w/ Chicken. I asked for it spicy, which may have been a mistake on my part. My last couple of years in New Orleans had made me a bit cocky about my spicy food tolerance, and I felt confident in my ability to down some tasty hot goodness. Unnnnfortunately, I was mistaken. Don't get me wrong, the Pad Thai was delicious, and I finished pretty much all of it, but my tongue was on fire, my nose was running, and my eyes were watering for the majority of the meal. This isn't because the restaurant necessarily made the dish like fire, but rather due to my own weakness as a spicy food connoisseur. 
I have to note that the whole Thai/breakfast fusion does seem like kind of a weird mix, but I really don't care. As long as what they make tastes great (and my experience here supports this), they could be mexican/canadian and I really wouldn't mind.I always come to Chill Out Cafe to fulfill my Thai cravings. I always get the curry "hot" and they warn me about the spice, but thats what I come for. The prices are very reasonable and the service is always good and not too slow. Beautiful view on the porch. Located on one of my favorite streets (Oak), and an earshot from my house. Today I got the chicken Pad Thai. It was delicious and full of flavor. I am always so pleasantly surprised here.My wife and I saw this place and thought it would be the perfect spot to have a nice little dinner on a quiet Monday night. Both of us love Thai food and this place stood out just by the cozy atmosphere alone. We sat by the window and were promptly greeted by our server who seemed eager to please. Seeing a server simply smile speaks volumes. We started out with dumplings as our appetizer which were absolutely delicious. I had the Pad Thai Noodles as my entree and my wife had the Curry Noodle entree. Both were absolutely delicious! The serving sizes were perfect and both were cooked nearly to perfection!
Overall, we will definitely be coming back! Love this place!Best Thai in New Orleans! Friendly! Love their outdoor patio. I wish they served alcohol, but it is byob!I came in here on a Sunday morning. The place is small and the service - at least the morning I was there - was extremely slow, but the food was decent. Not the best Thai food I've had, but given the lack of a strong Thai community in New Orleans, this was pretty good.
I only had the pad thai and some appetizers. But the main issue I have with this place is the slow service. I think we really had to "chill out" for a bit. Perhaps I'm being a bit unfair, as the morning I was there only a man and a woman seemed to be running the entire operation. But there were people sitting at the tables out front that had to come in to ask for menus.
My brother asked the woman to turn on the TV to a certain football game. She said okay, left and then didn't come back or turn it on. When he asked her again and told her a channel, she turned on the TV to a football game, but not the match he asked for. 
We also came in later than our group and had to sit there for quite a bit before water or menus were given to us. 
Overall though, I feel that this is an okay place to go if you're in the mood for Thai. I wouldn't crave it or go out of my way to go here, but it's not a place to dine if you find yourself here.Much much better than the nearby sing ha song. Go on a nice night and sit on the porch because the inside isnt much to see.Pleasant and relaxed small, locally operated Thai restaurant.  Service is attentive but relaxed.  Food is flavorful with the mixture of flavored typical of Thai food.  Preparation, especially the sauces are a heavier style more typical of Chinese cuisine.  Good value, as the food is good and reasonably priced.  Pleasant atmosphere as a small cottage with front porch seating optional.  Lighter fare than other choices on this section of Maple Street.  I see this a a casual date place, lunch with friends, or another small group.  Wide menu choice.The Thai food here seems a bit hit-or-miss. I've had some delicious meals and others were barely okay. The service is always nice and the patio seating is lovely on a nice day.Chill Out Café was named best Thai restaurant by New Orleans magazine late last year.  Best Thai?! And I hadn't eaten there? How could this be?  After scoping out the location on my shopping-palooza trip earlier this month, E & I went for dinner on a chilly, rainy Friday night. 
The menu is eclectic to say the least.  Traditional American breakfast is served all day as well as Thai specialties and gumbo thrown in for good measure.  I stuck with the red curry (I have an obsessive devotion to Thai curries) and E was intrigued by green bean noodles (I think) - they turned out to be glass noodles with veggies though.  Both dishes were very good and service was quick, especially considering that the only server (who is also an owner, I think) was very pregnant. 
It's a small restaurant with maybe 10 tables inside (and as many outside on the porch I think).  Outside was not an option that night.  The Thai menu is limited compared to other restaurants in town.  But what they have, they seem to make very well.  The prices are VERY good."Asian breakfast fusion" is...a bit of a tough sell for many people. If you're thinking it means plopping an ihop-esque establishment into a china wok (or substitute any generic sounding chinese food mom and pop shop), you'd thankfully be wrong. 
Chill Out Cafe is primarily a thai place with some breakfast items thrown in for....I actually don't why. And I don't care to. I've been here probably half a dozen times and have yet to have a poor experience. I've had pad woon sen, dumplings, cashew chicken, and their ginger dish I can't remember. All tasted fresh and delicious. I can't deal with very spicy food, and they are always great about toning it down a notch. In terms of the american breakfast items, I've only had the waffles. This was probably the most disappointing element I've eaten at Chill Out Cafe. It wasn't awful but certainly not worth the price. On that note, the prices are fair. It's not actually as cheap as it seems though because the portions tend to be on the smaller(not tiny) side compared to other thai places I've been to. 
The service is fine. I know "fine" isn't all that descriptive, but that's what it is. I've almost always had the same server who is pleasant and generally does a good job. The building itself is pretty small but cute and doesn't feel crowded to me. Also, they take credit cards, which I was a little nervous about.Everyone needs to chill out because this place is terrible. I placed an order for takeout for Sunday lunch, and the place my orders in Styrofoam containers. This would normally be totally fine, besides the fact that I got curry, and liquid typically does not stay well in containers that don't close. Goes to say, everything spilled, and I did not eat any of it.
They really have to rethink their system.We loved everything about this place. We arrived around eight with a group of eight people. They were such good sports about us changing plans. The first ones to arrive of our group had told the server that we were a party of eight, wanting to dine inside. When the rest of the group arrived it was decided that we would rather dine on the nice wrap around porch. They happily reset the table for us. 
The food was very tasty and everyone loved their food. I had the curry noodles with chicken. They came in a delicious coconut sauce with lemongrass. 
The drunken noodles were also great. 
The plan is BYO, so the meal was very reasonable. 
All in all, a great experience.Small but cute- only tried the Thai food but would go back again. Waitress was very knowledgable about ingredients and was very willing to help us order around some allergy restrictions.I was a bit disappointed with my experience, given all the positive reviews that brought me to Chill Out Cafe in the first place.
I came here with my lady friend and we ordered the Panang Curry, Pad See Ew, and Fried Banana.  I had ordered the Sticky Mango Rice, but they had run out for the night.
Why was I disappointed? It wasn't the service, the service was good, it was the food.  The Beef Pad See Ew had multiple pieces of rice noodles that were hard.  By hard, I mean, they were dry and you had to gnaw on them to even break them apart.  If you know rice noodles, they are supposed to be soft and easily eaten.  This was either caused by not soaking the noodles long enough in water, or they had been sitting out too long and had begun to harden before they were thrown into the frying pan. In addition, I think there were only a total of 5 pieces of broccoli in the noodle dish, and the beef was also tough, not tender, more often than I wanted, I found myself masticating harder than usual.
Second dish, the Panang Curry, I can say I've had better around town.  The Panang Curry tasted like it was made from the Golden Curry paste, and instead of frying the curry paste like in traditional Panang Curry, which is a dry paste, it tasted like they had submerged it in liquid and let it dissolve, and they had actually used too much.  Maybe it needed a little bit more coconut, or more keffir lime. However, I would say that the Panang was better than the Pad See Ew.
Lastly, the Fried Banana.  There was a good scoop of vanilla ice cream, a drizzle of chocolate, and sliced strawberries strewn about the plate. And then, there was a tiny roll, about a length of a class Hi-Liter pen, maybe about the same width as well, cut in half that constituted the fried banana.  For $5.00 I would expect maybe, at least half a banana?  Or maybe a whole Saba Banana. Oh well. I would say that this was okay, but the fried banana tasted slightly over fried, again, a bit on the tougher side.  You know fried bananas are supposed to be crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
I would give Chill Out Cafe 2.5 stars, but that's not an option so I stuck with 2.  Maybe they were having a bad night?  I would be willing to go back and try other dishes.
You should also note that although it advertises as Thai-American Fusion on some posts and decor in the restaurant, the cooks further in the back of the restaurant are Taiwanese.Not a good experience!  The dish was so spicy hot I couldn't eat it.  I immediately told the waiter but the restaurant didn't want to do anything about it.  The manager said that I had eaten off the plate and, therefore, couldn't do anything else!  What?! How was I to know that it was too hot if I didn't try it.  And, the waiter didn't even ask if I liked spicy or how much spicy, as they do in other asian restaurants.  
My companion's beef was really tough and, so, it was left on the dish.  Neither of us was pleased with the service. Bad service all around.  No wonder there hardly were any customers when we went.  
Not getting our business again.  Period.The friend I went to visit in New Orleans recommended we try this place and it did not disappoint. We sat outside and it was really pleasant to do so. I wish the sun would've been out, but that is just getting a little nit picky. We went at an odd hour so it was really slow and we were the only people there. We sat outside on the patio for a while and had to let somebody inside know we were sitting outside. That's how slow it was.
They have a primarily thai menu with the usual fare of food and drink. I recommend trying the thai tea or coffee as it is a great drink to have with your meal. The food was good and I can't really complain about it because I ordered something with mint and I'm not a big fan of mint, so it was more my fault than theirs. 
My friend paid for our meal but I'm pretty sure it was quite affordable. The inside was nice and clean also and I remember the bathroom being really really nice if that is of importance to you. Highly recommended!Sat outside here for lunch last week with a friend. Wonderful porch to chill out on. It was nice to sit for a little while with our Thai iced coffees (perfectly yummy and definitely recommended) and chat until our food came. 
Great service, good prices and the food was tasty. Coming from NYC I'm used to being able to get Thai food whenever I want so I'm really glad to have found this place early on my relocation down here. I'd hate to have a yearning for Green Curry or Pad Thai and have to attempt to make it myself. 
Added bonus for the breakfast menu available if you rather have pancakes and bacon.Not good :/
Bad service. I had Thai (roast pork lunch) and the meat was bland but doused in a brown saccharin sauce. The best part was the white rice. My friend got a crawfish omelette - not good. The waffle was okay but that is hard to mess upI really enjoyed Chill Out Cafe, our server was so enjoyable and it was just a perfect New Orleans day for sitting on the porch. The red Thai curry was the best I've had so far living in New Orleans and the prices are really inviting as well.This little spot has awesome pad Thai and Thai milk tea! And it's not too expensive. The service is always good and quick and the restaurant is clean. Betch.What a great place! The food had great flavors and came out pretty fast! Great service and great flavors! There were also even a few pieces of tofu thrown into the chicken pad Thai which is always fun(unless of course you don't like tofu). Can't wait to come back!We considering leaving several times because we had been waiting for so long. When our food finally arrived it wasn't even what we had ordered and it was cold, but we were so hungry we didn't say anything.  Multiple people around us were getting up and leaving. I have worked at restaurants before, so I am normally very forgiving of slow service because I know how hard the job can be, but this was just insane.Went during a weekly outing with co-workers and ordered Pad Thai because I figured if they couldn't get that dish right, the rest wasn't going to be worth it.  
However, I was pleasantly surprised by the food and the atmosphere.  The restaurant looks like it used to be one of those 50s milk shake diners.  The food was pretty decent and so far, the Thai is one of the better Thai foods I've tried.  So giving it three stars until I try some of their other stuff.I usually never write reviews on Yelp and try to go out of my way to avoid doing so but Chill Out Cafe is one exception that I would gladly do so for.
This is easily the most underrated restaurants not only in the Uptown area, but the entire city of New Orleans. Best Thai/Asian food in New Orleans, hands down. I have absolutely no idea why Tulane college kids go to Basil Leaf when it is twice as expensive and not even remotely as delicious as the food at Chill Out. I have been to Chill Out four times and tried out a wide range of dishes. None of them have ever disappointed me. On the contrary, I was blown away by the quality of food I was getting for such low prices! It is worth noting that the authentic-tasting dishes are created by very talented chefs are from Thailand.
Must-Haves: Tom Yam Seafood Soup (tastes absolutely like the ones you would get in Thailand), Soft Shell Crab appetizer, Lad Na, Pad See Ew, Satay
In addition to being vegetarian-friendly, Chill Out Cafe has patio seating that reminds me of a delightful, cozy B&B. 
I'll definitely be going back for more and bringing all my friends here.It's a cheap, friendly, cute little place.  I'm not big on Thai food, but found things to eat that I very much enjoyed, including bites of pad Thai off my friend's plate.  It was also pretty cheap, which is always a plus for me!Went there for breakfast and loved it. Staff was very friendly, prices are very reasonable, and food was great. I am not a Thai food expert but it's great too.I always enjoy eating here!  One of my favorite dishes is the crispy, delicately battered fresh tilapia, served with a choice of spicy basil, ginger, or sweet and sour sauce, with a generous side of fresh vegetables topped with a couple of plump, jumbo shrimp. The ginger sauce is incredible (if you like ginger, of course), and the spicy basil sauce has a nice savory kick that keeps you coming back for more.  
On my last visit, I tried the red curry with shrimp. The coconut curry was expertly spiced, with bright notes of lime leaves, flecks of ginger, and fresh chili peppers. The creamy coconut perfectly rounds out all the flavors.  The portion is generous, with plenty of fresh vegetables that compliment the curry. On the side, a piping hot mound of streamed white sticky rice is served. Sure, its just rice, but its so sweet, moist, and aromatic, I could just about eat a bowl of the rice and sauce alone.  Also, the Thai iced tea is on point. 
Anyway, I love this place, and hope people continue to discover the fantastic, comforting Thai food to be had at Chill Out.Had lunch - veggie noodles with a spicy basil sauce, and a hot and sour thai soup.  Both were terrific.  We had an appetizer of shu mai dumplings which were also outstanding.  They were also very accomodating - I asked for the soup (which was an appetizer size) to be served as a full meal size and they were happy to do so.  
The service was great as well and the restaurant is very quaint inside.  
My only complaint would be that the menu seemed a little too small and that it would be nice if they had some cheaper options for lunch.  But all in all it was quite good.I highly recommend this place. At first my friend and I were iffy about going here because we were initially going to go another restaurant, but my friend and I are so glad we came here!!! The food was bursting with flavor. I recommend the grilled salmon. It was seasoned so well and evenly. The thai tea is sooo amazing. I've tried thai tea before but not as good as the one here. My friend got curry, and she really likes the curry sauce. The dessert also complemented our meal very well. We got crispy banana, and it was so well done. Go here! It's cheap and worth the money!!I used to come here often when I went to school at XULA. It's been about 5 years and I've finally come back. 
BBQ ribs - comes with 3 pretty nicely sized ribs. My bf really liked this, but i thought it was dry. The flavor was good though. 
Papaya salad - I asked for this spicy. It came out not spicy. I think she thought I just believed I could eat spicy but actually can't. Lol. Anyway. She brought out the peppers and some chili flakes. And bam! Delicious. I am more accustomed to Laos papaya salad. So this was a more refreshing, sour taste. 
Drunken noodles - noodles, chicken, and a few pieces of veggies. It looks like a boring dish when it comes out because it is.
Basil stir fry w/ chicken and tofu - I don't even f**king know wtf this was. So gross. Everyone's review on this was so good that I had to order, but there must have been a different cook or y'all lied! I love this everywhere I go! But this was the biggest disappointment. We took one bite and just let it sit. 
Tom yum soup w/ shrimp (Sm - $8, Lg - $11) - omg. So much flavor so delicious. We loved it so much we ordered to go. And that's where it all went so wrong. At the restaurant, there were mushrooms in it and had at least 4 shrimp in a small. My to go had no mushrooms, no flavor, and 3 shrimp for a large! Wtf! Y'all cheated me! Y'all tricked me!
Anyway. I remember loving this place when I was younger. But maybe I've just experienced better Thai that I can't eat this anymore. It was a really sad day.I have to be honest that I actually avoided this place at first as I have a natural aversion to the idea of Thai food and American Breakfast. 
That said, it's actually really good, and while it is not the most authentic Thai in the world, it tastes great so I will not complain, though I should note that I always happen to be hungover when eating here which definitely influences my taste. 
Great place to go for a Sunday brunch. Stop by Brunos, grab a bloody marry, and then sit out on the porch and order some great food.I had the lunch special beef oyster. The salad and soup was great. The beef oyster was ok. The beef was a bit overlooked and chewy. The sauce was a bit too salty, but overall it was a great price for the quantity of food I received.
It has a great atmosphere for groups.Remember that time when you were a kid and you thought you could mix up canned pears, soy sauce, and chicken nuggets? Yeah, it's kind of like that.  Fusions rarely work out...and this place is no exception.