I am never going back to this terrible, disgusting establishment ever again. 
I live less than a 5 minute drive from China Wall and it took an hour to get my food of less than $15 delivered to me. The noodles I got had suspicious looking meat--looked pretty weird and pink and raw. The Singapore Rice Noodles tasted terrible and were caked in curry powder--dry, dusty, raw curry powder. However, the worst part was that there were broken egg shells in my noodles and the random crunch from the shells was so foul I spit the chewed up noodles back into the container. 
I called China Wall back in vain (I knew they were going to be douchebags about it, its China Wall) and the lady proceeded to tell me she sells "so much of that dish everyday" and "I just don't know what I like" and insisted I return this literally entirely full foul container of disgusting noodles to the restaurant to get my money back. 
Lol, bye. We were real loyal customers and touted this cheap shit to everyone. No more. Maybe find a half decent person who knows what they are talking about to work the front desk. I order all the time and I guess from now on I'll be going to Green Tea.Let me first say that there is no "good" Chinese food in the quarter. But, China Wall is a helluva lot better than Moon Wok. 
I had the chicken and broccoli with shrimp fried rice and crab rangoon. Everything was "good, cheap Chinese." 
They delivered in under 30 minutes; I have no complaints. If you're in the quarter, and have a craving for Chinese, this is the place to get it from.Decent American Chinese for the price. I live nearby, and it's one of my favorite spots for cheap takeout when I don't feel like going out. I come here pretty regularly, and it's solidly consistent. I really like the wonton and egg drop soup mixed; their Kung Po and General Tso's chicken are pretty solid also. I agree with the earlier reviewer -- don't order online, stick to calling. It doesn't seem like the most tech-y of restaurants, but the food is good. Took off a star because their fried rice doesn't come with egg unless you specifically request it.Ordered online and my food never came. I highly recommend calling to place your order or at least to make sure they got your online order. So sad and hungry :(These other reviewers need to get their priorities in line and stop being weird creeps.  There's absolutely nothing wrong with this place, especially considering they deliver.  I just ordered at 9 pm.  They delivered my food in 30.  And it was adequate tasting and filled my belly.  Also, they were willing to come to the Treme, which was nice.
Don't listen to these fools.  If you just want some Chinese junk food delivery, this place will suit you.Anytime we can't decide what to eat for lunch, we end up ordering from here.
China wall's delivery is so fast.... I mean not freaky fast.... but fast enough that your food might arrive before you're really ready to take your lunch break. There's a $1 delivery charge, but the prices are so low that it hardly matters. 
I like their hot & spicy chicken and surprisingly prefer the pork to the shrimp fried rice. Their crab rangoon are great and the make a mean cho cho. Not really here for their version of hot & sour soup, but it's not the worst I've had either. Extremely mediocre on the hot & sour front.
Otherwise, though, I'd recommend them. Especially if you want a large portion of pretty good food delivered to your desk between now and your break. 
Just saying.Ordered delivery from them on a Friday evening. Got the food pretty fast. Decent price for the amount of food I got and very large portions. The wonton is a little chewy though, I would have been nice if they were as crispy as the egg rolls. I would probably order from them again though.
**edit***
 Have to make this edit. Just opened up my box of vegetable chow mein and there's a long black hair sticking to the condensation of the INSIDE of the box. Disgusting. Definitely NOT ordering from them again. I mean it's a large portion for only $7 but it's pretty careless to send food out like that.Excellent very happy I stopped.  Very large portions very fresh, piping hot and good quality meat, not that chewy crap like other Chinese restaurants serve. 
Staff is friendly and the store is clean. 
I will be coming back.In NOLA for a wedding and families ordered in foods one night.  This was one of the few delivery options for Chinese.  
First the good - fast delivery, great big egg rolls that were good!  
Medium - veggie low main was different and only fair.  General Tsos  batter was not great, but not terrible.  Egg drop soup was ok.
I doubt I would order again, but maybe egg rolls.Can I give 0 star?  Bugs flying when we are eating and the women at registration is rude. We are not coming to pay your shit face. Do not recommend this place.The shrimp fried is ok, egg rolls good. My kids love it and I ordered a lot, but the attitude of one of the drivers pissed me off. He acts like I'm trying to steal the food, the first time he delivered to me he pulled the bag away when I reached for it. I guess he has to count every nickel first, I order from other places and never been treated that way. I will never order again and besides I make better shrimp fried rice. They don't even put eggs in it, you have to pay 1.50 for it and you hardly can see the egg in it.Food was decent but their customer service needs improvement.   Not a hello or thank you.  Just don't give your money to those who don't appreciate it.New spot so I just tested them out getting a small shrimp fried rice. It was a nice portion, hot & had shrimp so they got 3 stars but there was no egg that was extra & not advertised so unfortunately it wasn't to my liking but I'll give them another shot & update my review hopefully positively.JUST NASTY !!!! Never in life tasted nasty Chinese food until I want here !! Don't go here disgusting!!! Not even worth 10$ but I still ate it cuz I was hungry but I wouldn't even give a homeless person that shit
They want longer but the parking suck n it's right next to a car wash that need to wash they food awayI gave the China Wall another chance. I ordered online with a debit card, my food arrived the driver held my food and said no tip ! I gave a tip online. I signed my name on the receipt took my food and shut the door. I got a email from my bank, I was charged $5 extra. So the driver wrote in another tip. I called China Wall and they said it must be my bank and was told it wasn't their problem. If you order from these people pay with cash only and check your food because, they always forget something. I will never order from these thieves again.Tonight was one of those cold and dreary nights where my husband and I just wanted to settle in and catch up on some TV instead of going out so we decided to order Chinese delivery from the new China Wall location.  I have to say that overall it was a positive experience with just a few minor complaints.  I ordered the vegetable lo mein with two eggrolls while my husband ordered chicken fried rice and a meat pie, plus we shared an order of the sugar coated fried biscuits for dessert.  The portions were overly generous and their prices are more than fair for the sheer amount of food we received.  The vegetable lo mein was incredibly flavorful, quite possibly the best vegetable lo mein I've had in New Orleans.  I always order vegetable lo mein at a new Chinese restaurant because I feel that you're able to gauge the overall quality of the rest of the menu by how well the lo mein is prepared.  Now that being said, the "egg rolls" they were actually spring rolls. They were merely average in terms of taste, not great but not bad, and I'm almost certain were frozen and not actually prepared in-house.  I was really in the mood for egg rolls so that left me a tiny bit disappointed. The fried biscuits were delicious.  As for my husband's chicken fried rice he said it was really good though a tiny bit on the dry side and lacked any eggs while the meat pie had obviously been frozen and was more than a little spicy.  Their delivery fee was extremely reasonable at just one dollar.  From the time we placed our order until it was at our door was thirty-five minutes, which I did feel was a bit too long as we live only two blocks away but at that price I can't really complain and the food was still hot when we received it. A huge positive is being able to place your order online and have it delivered to your door. We will definitely order from China Wall again.It was good. They give you alot for what you pay for. The general tso was very good. The only problem I had was my girlfriend's beef and broccoli wasn't all that great. The beef was bland but over all it was ok. The spare ribs and dumplings were delicious.We ate here before over a year ago. Now in town again and had lunch. Unfortunately it was verrry salty. But after talking to the lady at register who is the owner said her husband didn't have the sauce ready. So we ate. I ordered moo goo gai pan  and she had made another for me to go! She remembered us from last year ! BF had Kung pao chicken and it was a bit salty too. But the owner made it right. Love this place! Till next time when in town.Order delivery was fast but food couldve been better ordered Mandarin chicken but the chicken was cut real thin and taste like it was battered with bread crumbs  but the fried sweet biscuits were  goodJust ate here and not satisfied. I ordered the Mandarin lunch special with no pork in the rice and instead I end up getting (my fault for not checking on the way out but I was hungry!!) some dark sauce with vegetables and pork in the rice. It wasn't mandarin chicken. Plus their chicken batter is different than the mandarin chicken I've had at other places. Idk if she just didn't understand me or if they were confused but I did not get what I ordered. How the food makes me feel later has yet to be determinedI don't expect this place to be fancy in anyway, but I will say, they are very fast in delivering my food, the food is not bad, they are nice, and not pricey at all. I'm very sad I moved to where they can't deliver to me anymore. 
Overall, everything about it is pretty much what I expected, without any headaches. I think that deserves 5 stars.Pros:
-can get 2-entree combo plates
-egg rolls can be purchased individually and cheaply
-can order online and not have to make a phone call (important for introverts)
-above average General Tso's chicken (the true litmus test for American-Chinese food quality)
-fair prices, reliable delivery
-they threw so many soy sauce packets in the bag, which saved me a few days later when I ran out of soy sauce midway through making mongolian beef
Cons-
-way too few shrimps in shrimp dishes
-we got stale fortune cookiesBest Chinese Delivery uptown.  From the chicken wings to the Mongolian beef to their BBQ pork it is hands down the best.  I was a fan of Red Star just because it was quick and easy but China Wall is all that and the food is spot on every time.No flavor and lots of greasy food. Cheap prices. But like the saying goes ..." you get what you pay for".I don't know about the rest of the menu but the meat pie was the greatest drunk food i have ever had.  Greasy, meaty, crispy, doughy all in the right proportions.  Sober, probably keep away from it.I've been in food service for a long time, so I'm usually pretty understanding, but man. The food I received tonight was unacceptable. I tried to call to get my money back, but it was pretty impossible to communicate. I got chow mein and it had no noodles (which was confusing), and the chicken was so slimy it was inedible. And my egg drop soup was actually RANCID. Like, I smelled it and it smelled strange, so I made the mistake to dip a finger to taste and it actually made me retch. And i have a stomach of friggin STEEL. If a manager sees this I would really appreciate a refund, because that was money for what I was hoping would be two awesome meals and it was all too gross to eat. And I really couldn't communicate well enough with the staff to get my point across.The service was so awful! Please just use cash to avoid any headache. I'm assuming only one person there knows how to use their credit card machine. It took over 20 mins to figure it out. Maybe they should just give square card to delivery guy.
The food was very good! It's your around the way Chinese food spot. It took over an hour to get everything. But, food was still steaming hot! I would have rated 2-stars had the food been mediocre. Surprisingly, it was delicious!Good Chinese is hard to find these days and China Wall proves it.
Their crab rangoon was very greasy as if the oil had not been changed in a while.  The fried rice lacked any flavor at all and the General Tsao Chicken was just bad.  Ended up throwing away most of it.  
Also, it was disturbing to watch the kitchen staff (you can see the entire kitchen from the front counter) handling food and seeing how they stacked food in the fridge just on the door without any protective containers at all. 
Save yourself the experience and eat anything else.Every thing here was over cooked.  Nothing had a good flavor to it.  The fried shrimp was mostly bread batter with a tiny shrimp in the center.  Chicken teriyaki was seriously over cooked and was like eating jerky.  I would not recommend this place.VERY Horrible service. They messed up my online order and refused to give me a refund. I ordered their bbq wings and combination fried rice, and they sent in plain wings. I kindly asked the lady for a possible remake or a refund and she said we that they could send the actual bbq sauce back instead. Also when she asked what was the problem with the wings she said no one knew what bbq is and that I should've wrote bar b cue. But any normal business that has an issue with a customers online order would normally call to confirm or ask questions. They did not. And then when I asked to speak to a manager about the issue. He came on the phone for a brief 5 minutes and then put the original worker who took my order back on the phone. Unprofessional. I will never order from this place again.I ordered a veggie plate with crab rangoon. It took 40 minutes to be delivered and when it got here, it wasn't what I ordered. It was spicy tofu, which I can't eat because it makes me really sick. I called to explain the situation to figure out the mix up. The woman just laughed and said theres nothing she can do. Also, the crab rangoon was horrible. So out of a $20 meal, I'm suck with eating plain fried rice. 
If you're looking for cheap Chinese food, I highly suggest you go somewhere else!!Do I have to give one star?
Pork fried rice tasted like the grill needed to be cleaned . Burnt grease. Pupu platter was all fried, menu describe it as half fried food.  
Glad I ordered the delivery because when we walked by it I was shocked. Dirty, boarded up with a large dead cockroach in the window! Holy Crap! I wish I was kidding.I'm giving this establishment 3 stars for one reason, customer service. The food is great but the way these people will speak to you is ridiculous. I order from there at least once a week and the one time i have a minor issue i was treated HORRIBLY! Not only do i order here often i promote their business every chance i get. Not sure if i will order again.We ordered delivery at 10pm on a Friday night and the food was here in 30 minutes.  The chicken fried rice and chicken chow mei fun and were very impressed with how good both dishes were.  The chow mei fun was enough for 4 meals for me! 
We didn't give it a 5 star because both the hot and sour and egg drop soups were disgusting.  Dumped those right out.  We'd order from here again for sure, just no soup.I order here often, and it's very good. Large portions and fairly cheap too. I'm constantly working so I order delivery quite frequently. They're always on time, too. 
By no means does it stand out from any other Chinese place, as it's a very normal menu, but it's definitely convenient and tasty.The service was a mess. The menu is wrong on postmates. So China wall blamed Postmates for letting us order from the wrong menu. Then proceeded to take ANOTHER hour to even have our corrected order ready. Only to discover something was missing from the order once it was finally delivered. So I had to get in my car and drive to the restaurant to pick up what was missing. They again blamed Postmates like somehow leaving food out of the order was their fault. With no remorse or compensation for our issues. For all the issues they were both rude and nonchalant. Very disappointed.As stated by everyone else the food to dollars spent ratio is ridiculous. $9 for their dinner combo and you have enough food for at least two meals. Sometimes you order General Tso's chicken and you get it. Other times you order it and you end up with sesame or some other chicken dish. It's always a surprise. What doesn't change is the rice. They make sure you get plenty of rice. 
You'll get chopsticks if they think you know how to use them which means more often than not you'll have to ask. Parking is nonexistent so do yourself a favor and park on the side street. Also you should order online because there is always a line. The owner is kind of rude so I like to cut down on the amount of time she and I have to interact. 
It has its cons but it's convenience keeps me coming back. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Typical dive Chinese hole-in-the-wall that delivers cheap American-chinese to everyone who works in the Quarter, myself included. I eat here quite a bit. The delivery guy is always excellent, friendly, and remembers our name(s). The food is average at best, eh at worst. Nothing has ever made me sick and I keep ordering, so that says something right ? Good hot & sour soup, though they go cheap on the crab rangoons. Pretty oily shrimp toast, great $5.75 lunch specials that are heavy on the MSG (I'm pretty sensitive so I always feel it).This is my first time ordering delivery from this place. The food was fresh, hot, and very good. The delivery driver fast and professional. I will definitely order again !I love china wall, their food always hot and the portion sizes are great! I've ate here several all times, and it's my GO-to Chinese place in the area. Also, if you're looking for good sized shrimps in your shrimp fried rice, get some from them! (I get so upset when it's the miniature shrimps haha) 
(In the picture, I already ate from the plate so)Heyyyy China Wall!
Ugh, this place is so good. It's definitely not fancy Chinese food like Jung's on Magazine (yum), but it's the cheapest Chinese in town that gives the best bang for your buck. A massive veggie fried rice is 6 bucks, delivery fee is $1 (I REPEAT: ONE DOLLAR), minimum delivery is $10. It's just a win-win-win. It's the best Chinese to soothe a craving and it's shockingly fresh! Fresh cabbage, broccoli and carrots, you can taste it--especially the broccoli. 
I'm just pretty loyal to this place and the people are really nice, too. Don't even need to try Green Tea down the road, I know it won't be as good or as great of a value!When I first moved into my apartment in the Marigny, I ordered from China Wall and Golden Wall back to back, to compare menu items and figure out which one would be my go-to for (Americanized) Chinese food. China Wall won, hands down. It's not gourmet or anything, but the delivery is really fast, they're always polite on the phone and in person, the portion sizes are big, and the flavor is all there. I'm a creature of habit, so I don't switch up my orders that often, but so far I can vouch for their fried chicken wings, fried rice, egg drop soup, crab rangoon, General Tso's chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Singapore Mei Fun and Shrimp Mei Fun. Even though their menu doesn't state a delivery radius, I know someone on Poland Ave. (Bywater) who gets delivery from China Wall all the time, as well, so they're definitely a convenient choice when you don't feel like venturing far from the couch!Always quick to deliver your food , not the greatest Chinese but it's very consistent. It's pretty much the only place I'll order from in the quarter . Very nice delivery guys . I always get the generals chicken and shrimp fried rice and it never disappoints .The fucking customer service is shitty ass fuck. The delivery driver had me walk out and get my food...don't but the chicken that's nasty ass hell only good thing I could say is dumplings well okayAlways good. Giant meals. Screw the people hating on this place. Family owned/operated. They have never done me wrong except for when they sent me the wrong order and it was still awesome.  Combinations are always massiveThis is probably the worst Chinese restaurant in New Orleans, in regards to customer service. They got our order mixed up, which is not uncommon for them to do. The food already took over an hour to get to us, and when we asked for them to just refund us, they were very adherent that they don't do that. Then the lady hung up the phone. This is the worst I've ever been treated at a restaurant. I do not recommend anyone to eat here. This place does not know how to treat its customers and for the quality of their food is not worth the hassle in dealing with the employees lack of respect.. The food was burned so I returned it and they took it to the back and put some on top and gave it right back. You can smell the aroma as soon as you open it.  Then they said I don't know what burned food is. Safe to say I won't returnFound a long black hair in my egg fried rice today, everyone else checked their food and ate a little. I threw up, it was disgusting.For the price I only order shrimp fried rice and it was a great price for taste. They have much more option and only Asian kitchen staff witch makes more authentic taste.. The food was burned so I returned it and they took it to the back and put some on top and gave it right back. You can smell the aroma as soon as you open it.  Then they said I don't know what burned food is. Safe to say I won't retThe best NY Style delicious and perfectly greasy Chinese food I've had in awhile. The Ehh Foo Young should not be missed. You can also substitute lo mein for rice for a couple bucks more. Moo Shu and General Yao's were really solid. Fast good delivery in way more areas than you think. Like a The MarignyThe definition of stereotypical Chinese restaurant in a urban neighborhood. 
Greasy food that they give you plenty of and terrible customer service to match. I've literally had the woman behind the counter lie about what a dish was rather than fix my order. But it's close, cheap and doesn't make me sick. Their General Tso is my favorite. They always give you fortune cookies. You can get chopsticks on request. They have a wide variety of super unhealthy sugary drinks. You can sit and eat if you like but I have no idea why you'd want to. 
It's safest not to park directly on Claiborne. Park on the side and pull your car up on the curb. People come around that corner way to fast.The food is very inconsistent in flavor and the overall appearance of the food is not appealing or appetizing. The manager is very rude and handles complaint poorly. I order the shrimp lomein and General tso chicken. They sent me fried rice instead. When calling to inform them the manager stated " we will send out the new food but charge you for it ,unless you want to bring it back." I returned the food and after hassle was able to get what I ordered. I watched the manager take the rice off the plate place it on another plate to sell to another customer. At the same token the reserved to tso chicken as well. The kitchen is very nasty and lots of bugs and flys throughout the restaurant. This was my first and LAST time ordering from here. If you do please beware.Always quick to deliver your food , not the greatest Chinese but it's very consistent. It's pretty much the only place I'll order from in the quarter . Very nice delivery guys . I always get the generals chicken and shrimp fried rice and it never disappoints .Extremely rude individual who took my order! Despite that, food didn't show up around the time I was told. That's fine as I'm totally use to that-sometimes it cannot be helped-but I call back and I was told the food is "already there" while I'm outside my porch. Not to mention before I can say anything she hangs up on me! Delivery driver shows up after I've been waiting outside for ten minutes. I declined the food and will never order from this restaurant again. I HOPE everyone else's experience is better than mine.Excellent tasting food! Delivery was fast and accurate. The food was carefully packed to avoid any spills so I appreciate that. We ordered a dinner for 3 and the portion was very generous, enough for leftovers. The egg drop soup was delicious! Definitely will order again!Ordered Kung pao chicken for lunch. Delivery was fast and the food was tasty. If you're looking for cheap Chinese delivery, order here.
I was surprised they delivered just one meal---usually restaurants say you have to order a certain amount for delivery.Pretty good Chinese takeout. If you ever had Chinese takeout before, you can find the same stuff here. Portion sizes are big and huge positive for this place. Deals and prices tend to fluctuate. Can't go wrong if you are craving some takeout.I mean, it's low-quality Americanized Chinese food. A big plus is that their portions are huge, and I've stretched out the dinner combo across 2-3 meals.  However, flavour-wise it's not the best, and the quality of the meat is usually really bad. Most dishes are also extremely salty.To the review belowby Lad H.  referring to "men and women of negro descent" making this place shady, Seriously? What the HELL is wrong with you? Why are you in New Orleans? Obviously you are better suited in whatever part of California you came from. Please get out of my city. That said, this is where I order from when I want Chinese food and I'm at work. I'm a native NYer and finding NY quality fast Chinese food has been damn near impossible in this city, but this does the trick in a pinch. Beef and broccoli is pretty good with good sized portions. I cannot speak on the actual physical location as I have never gone there to pick up food. Its your standard Chinese food. Its not bad but its not fantastic either. Gets the job done.I got the crab rangoons and sesame chicken. Normally I don't have a probably with this restaurant, but today I found a bug in the sauce that comes with the crab rangoons. This makes me question how sanitary the restaurant actually is. The sesame chicken is good, but I don't know if I'll be able to eat it now.Normally we get this nice delivery guy, but today it was a little short old asshole with a bad attitude. He was mad because I gave him $4 in change, mostly quarters. He kept hollering at my daughter how much. Either he didn't know how to count or didn't want to. My kids really wanted food from them, and I was low in cash, and gave him what I had. I normally spend $20- $40 dollars when I order, I'll never tip before the food is delivered to me again. He didn't have to be so nasty.I'll probably never come to china wall again. At this point it feels like I'm at Waffle House because they're prices or menu availability is never the same. The first time I came I got the shrimp with broccoli which comes with rice. Instead of white rice I subbed SHrimp fried rice. So total it was like 8 dollars. It came with a great amount of food. So I came maybe 2 weeks later and ordered the same thing. The lady at the front says "it doesn't come with rice" I replied and said ma'am it says it comes with rice on the menu. So then she says ok if you want shrimp fried rice it can't be substituted so it'll be 17. Like what?? So I explain to her that I've ordered it like this before even pointed to the plate on the wall that they have behind the counter. So I said I ordered the PT (smaller version). She then says, "we don't do small or large anymore" like huh??? So she says I have to get a combination plate rather than what I literally got less than a month ago. I'm fine with prices changing, rules changing or whatever, but can we not act like your menu says I can get it the way I'm asking and you saying the complete opposite? Otherwise change the damn menu.
And another update my shrimp fried rice had chicken and pork bits in it. I'm sure any other person woulda been ecstatic but that ain't what the hell I asked for. Like y'all suckGood portion size, delicious! Got the chow neon and the noodles were hot and salty and perfect. I'm sure it's not the most authentic but fantastic. Love to see a family owned business.I ordered chow mein and despite it being a noodle dish at every other restaurant I've ever been to and it also being a noodle dish in every picture on google images, they say it is only vegetables.  So I received a pile of greasy cabbage in a styrofoam box instead of a noodle dish.    The wikipedia definition is:
"Chow mein and 炒麺 in Chinese and Chinese English are stir-fried noodles, the name being the romanization of the Taishanese chāu-mèing. The dish is popular throughout the Chinese diaspora and appears on the menus of Chinese restaurants."  
I called and said I was given the wrong item very politely.  They then refused to bring me the correct dish even though I haven't eaten any of it and agreed they could take it back.  They said I have to drive up to the restaurant in order to do that.  However, I ordered delivery specifically so I wouldn't have to drive.  I will never order from them again and I encourage you not to after the way I was rudely treated on the phone.The half fried chicken was dry and unseasoned, and the shrimp was from a box you can find at Walmart. The shrimp was very hard, I threw away the shrimp and chicken. I only ate the fries, what a waste of money.