Once again I had to say that Chinese Kitchen has the best Asian cuisine I have ate. I recommend Chinese Kitchen to anyone who is visiting or lives in the New Orleans area.I have been eating at this place since I was a young girl. I judge other Chinese restaurants based on this one. Only two have come somewhat close, but none tops this. I miss their Hawaiian Drumsticks; that was my favorite dish. I order two orders of the fried wontons  - one to eat in the car and one for the family. Their sauce - OMG!!! I grew up calling that sweet and sour sauce. I think it's actually a Sweet Ginger Sauce. That with the rice and wontons!!!!! Heaven! I wish I could make that at home! But then again, leave it to the master's.
One Chinese place is on the West Bank China Doll and the other is in Miami right outside DoralThe Best Chinese Food In New Orleans.  Must haves: Combination Rice, Egg Rolls, Hot and Sour soup.Really great food. it's in the hood so have some street smarts before you come there being fancy. the staff is nice a little impersonator when busy but that's understandable. worth the wait. just go!The food is great.  Seriously, the best fried rice I've ever had and I love the Shrimp Kung Bo Ding. However, the old lady at the front couldn't be ruder, the location is shady, and the service is suspect. They will NOT allow you to take a menu home and you CANNOT phone in an order.  They do NOT have chopsticks and you will pay a few cents for more sauce.  Want to see that secret menu? Use this link: https://docs.google.com/fileview?id=0B1FIj4Oy_wekZWI2ZGEwZTktZjA1Mi00OGZiLWJmOWUtZjEwYjdiZWVmODBh&hl=en&authkey=CICZ0YcFIt's a personal favorite for me. Best shrimp fried rice. Always busy...like there's never a down time. A real hood treasure. They barely speak English so don't go expecting red carpet service. You can either take it to go or get table service...table service is a bit better than counter service but like I said you're going for the food, not the service. I love them no matter what.Yes, the place is sketchy and I wish they would stop people from either begging for money or asking my to buy their CD. HOWEVER!!!!  The food is freaking awesome. Hands down. Best. Chinese. Food.  If you don't like the ppl outside, just bring a buddy with you. I can also they that the beggars are never disrespectful.This is the 1 of 2 Chinese places I go in the city. Fat, meaty, egg rolls, great food, at reasonable prices. Very small, so sometimes there's a wait, otherwise grab a seat, get comfortable, and dig in!Whenever you visit New Orleans this is a must stop if you like Chinese food. It is the best in the city and for miles around. I don't get down to New Orleans much but this time I had to visit. 
I took my wife and brother in law for a bite but since it had been a while since I have been here. We ordered a couple of dishes and soon found out they give you a LOT of food and we had way too much to eat. 
I had boneless chicken, with vegetables and fried rice and Yak-a-mein. My wife and brother in law had ribs and large fried rice. Between the 3 of us we barely put a dent in that food so we had a couple of to go boxes at the end. None the less it was delicious and we had a chance to eat more at home.Prices online need to be updated. Egg rolls are the best! Crazy place to get in and out of and you will see some characters around, but well worth it!It's been such a long time that I ate here but I don't think anything's changed.  It ain't pretty and I never use the bathroom, I just go for the AWESOME food. NON BETTERChinese Kitchen was recommended to me way back in 1981, when I was a young, struggling, new resident of New Orleans, as THE best place for tasty Chinese food at very reasonable prices. Back then it was a tiny hole-in-the-wall  barely big enough for 6 or so tables, located in an unattractive building with very limited parking, and on a run-down stretch of Carollton Avenue.  Yet, there was always a line snaking through the place and out of the door. It was literally so packed you couldn't move inside.  This was true, despite there being several other Chinese restaurants located nearby. 
For 10 or 15 years we ate there often and though many things were very good, we especially loved their egg rolls, fried rice, hot and sour soup  and Kung Boa Chicken.  The Sizzling Wor-ba was also a popular dish.  Then we moved and patronized all the places close to us, often feeling disappointed. We reminised about the food from Chinese Kitchen and wished we could find Chinese with comparable flavor near us.
This past weekend we passed Chinese Kitchen on our way to Tulane for a graduation.  We're no longer starving students and can eat anywhere we want. It's still sketchy looking but memories of that food made us stop for take-out.
Not much has changed.  They've enlarged to take over the entire building now,  but it was still packed and there was still a line out of the door. Though there are more tables now, if you desire a fine dining experience, romantic atmosphere, tablecloths, gourmet, or the newer Asian-fusion cuisine, you will probably be dissappointed. The food and menu here haven't changed much in 34 years.  Part of it may be nostalgia. For a lot of us, this was the best food we could get for the money when we were younger. And there is a new generation in the kitchen now that may not be as consistent as their parents. But if it's tasty and plentiful old-school Chinese take-out you desire, this is still your place! 
The egg rolls are still delicious--very large, crispy, and chocked full of quality meats and vegetables, with very little to no cabbage or filler.  I took another reviewer's advice and asked for their duck sauce (sauce made from plums/plum sauce) which I mix with a little soy sauce to make a tasty dipping sauce for my egg rolls.  Theirs was really tastier than the duck sauce in the little plastic packets. The fried rice is also exceptionally good, filled with lots of meat and vegetables.  My favorite entree was always Kung Boa Chicken, so we ordered that and Three Happiness. They still use cashews in their Kung Boa instead of the peanuts most places use, and I much prefer the cashews.  The Kung Boa was not exactly as I remembered and not quite as good, but still is better than any other I've had in at least 10 years and still contains lots of vegetables and chicken, just not diced, as before. I also like that they use celery instead of bok choy, but there isn't an excessive amount of celery. The brown sauce is flavorful and spicy, but not too hot. The Three Happiness was tasty, too, but my favorite is still the Kung Boa.
I find myself looking forward to my next meal from Chinese Kitchen, despite living about an hour and a half drive away.  I'd say that's a pretty good recommendation!New Orleans must not have good chinese restaurants b/c if this place is getting 5 stars, there must not be any really good places. This place is not bad, but it definitely is NOT 5 stars. I had the boneless chicken, which was huge chunks of real chicken fried in batter, but it wasn't anything special. The vegetables that came with it were in some sauce, but the sauce was blah. The shrimp fried rice is at BEST average. 
The egg roll is not your everyday chinese take out egg roll. It definitely uses better "real" ingredients of shirmp and pork, but it is NOT the best you'll ever have. It's above average, but i've definitely have had much better. And to top it off, i've never paid $9 for a lunch from a chinese restaurant. It was a decent amount of food, but not much more than your $5 lunch combo that you would get in the northeastern part of the U.S.
The people raving about this place doesn't seem like they've tried really good chinese. For a complete mouth orgasm try David's Mai Lai Wah in Philadelphia or Hop Kee in New York City. Those are AMAZING chinese restaurants.The only reason I ever come here is for the egg rolls. Egg rolls are huge and crispy....also full of shrimp, chicken, cabbage and pork that actually has flavor unlike most eggrolls. Every time I get an entree, it's under seasoned IMO and underwhelming. The boneless fried chicken for instance is super crispy but has no salt or seasonings. Fried rice is bland. 
I never understood the hype of this place. There are MUCH better Chinese restaurants. Also not a very clean restaurant on the inside. Had a glimpse of the kitchen when I ate in once and have tried to erase it from my memory. Parking is also horrendous.The best egg roll ever, wish i could get them in texas but ill thake to 355 mile ride home to new orleans and get them 8 orders for the road mmmmm yyyummmyyyyyI  dont want to  give a star. The WORSE CHINESE FOOD EVER!!! 
I have lived all over the world and cities like Wash DC & San Fran. I have never had such bad food! I had to throw my food away!! It was bland, rice old. Egg roll fried in old oil!!! I had better Chinese in India & South Africa!!!!!! OMG !!!!Even some strip malls in North Carolina have better food..... Don't DO it RUN!!!!!This place will often have a line out the door but don't let that deter you as often these are folks that are ordering "to go" and you can scoot right past them for dining room service.  They have pretty good food here that defies the expectations you might have from the really rough looking exterior.  They absolutely have the largest, greasiest, and most extraordinary eggroll I've ever seen anywhere.  This is very Americanized Chinese that more specifically seems to cater to Southerners love of deep fried foods so many menu items here are really greasy.  I once bit into one of these monstrous eggrolls and grease from it spewed all over my shirt and it took many months of washings to finally get all that waterproof grease out (if it is that hard to wash out God knows what it does to your arteries).  I think the two "healthiest" things I've ever eaten here are the Moo Goo Gai Pan and the shrimp in lobster sauce.  If nothing else I think you should sample their eggroll at least once in your life.Thee best Chinese food hands down!!! Boneless chicken plate and sweet and sour chicken is my go to here!!! A must try and mist have!!!!! Fat girl moment. I gotta eat!!The kitchen special rice is the Cadillac of fried rice. The egg rolls are filled and I mean filled with meat and vegetables. You can make a meal out of those two easy. The wonton soup is great too. 
Some might say it looks sketchy, but everyone around there is reaching for one common goal and that is large consumption of magnificent Chinese food.I've gone to this place for years upon years. They are pretty consistent for the most part. The parking is horrible (something they will never change) so be careful because it's always a risk getting in and out of that place when you go. And the courtesy is a hit and miss, some of the servers/cashiers are really nice, others are very ugly.The egg rolls are almost always fresh and full of meat, so you can't go wrong with that. The rice isn't too bad I wouldn't get the chicken fried rice (trust me). All in all its a better spot than the other Chinese spots.I can't understand all the 5 stars, this is simply among some of the worst Chinese food I've ever had, maybe this is the NOLA standard when it comes to Chinese food here, all I can say is gross, just gross!I heard mixed reviews about this place but we decided to try it for ourselves. The location is not the greatest and the parking sucks but the food more than made up for it. It's a hole in the wall with great food. Don't expect white table clothes or amazing customer service.....just enjoy the food and move on. I had the fried boneless chicken and veggies. I asked for my veggies on the side along with a side of sweet and sour sauce. It was a great choice! It was quite a bit of food and I ended up taking abt 50% of it to go! We got there at abt 11:30, which was perfect because we missed the crowd. We had planned to come in and place an order to go but it seemed to be a better choice to just dine in. When we left the place was super packed! I suggest getting there before the lunch crowd.Hadnt been here in years since moving away after the storm but the food is just as good as I remember. Great size portions and they are not skimpy on the shrimp in the rice or the egg rolls. Food comes out fast and the customer service is always top notch as well.My best word to describe the food here......MEH
I got the Mandarin Chicken and wasn't very impressed. The sauce is more of a bland gravy than a Madarin sauce. The egg rolls are good and the rice is ok.
Overall I'd give the food 3 stars and the service 1.5.
Also if you are ordering to go, be prepared for a long wait, and a crowded waiting area.I ate here for the first time today. I have eaten at many Asian cuisine restaurants. Chinese Kitchen is top three. The quality ,freshness & detail is display in every dish.  I will be eating here again and again. I'm looking forward to my next time.3/5 generous but hassled
i'm torn here y'all - the portions are significant for the price (although it seems the price has gone up in between my visits). a single dinner combo order is more than enough for 2 - and it's heavy on the entree component with a nice scoop of rice plus a hefty egg roll (like wrist thick). the flavors are alright, so on that end i'm seeing great value here.
the challenge is in the setup - it's on this little part of carrolton and has a tiny lot for the kind of business flow they get. i don't think people eat in and all i've ever seen is the crowd waiting for takeout - which there's always a crowd! seems everyone in the neighborhood has heard about how much food there is so it's a bit of a wait each time. no phone orders, so you're just gonna have to wait 20 minutes or so while yours comes up. which understandable, at least you know it's being made and not just being scooped out of giant vat. 
overall good value and i'll likely return, but keep in mind how much time you have as it's a great limiting factor.Best Cantonese/Mandarin in town.  It's not just the best of NOLA's mediocre chinese spots, it is actually a VERY GOOD chinese take out place by San Francisco standards (we have a very big china town).  Take out only.  Huge, delightful egg rolls.  Lots of veggies in with meat dishes.  Fast and convenient.Top Quality, Top Quantity Cantonese Food
If you can brave the challenge of parking, long lines out the door for take out orders, you are in for top quality, top quantity pop Chinese Cantonese food. The place is not that appealing to the eyes, but the food is outstanding. Large portions of quality ingredients make this place a top choice in the area for this style food. Egg rolls are large, stuffed with shrimp, BBQ pork and all sorts of veggies. The shrimp fried rice which comes on the combo platters is very tasty. The entrees are huge, enough for two heavy eaters. Don't miss this place if you are in the New Orleans area.No one has live up to the standard of this Chinese Restaurant, Ive searched and searched, besides NYC and San Fran and Five Hapinness this place is the Best and the Egg Roll are to Die for.  Small location and sometimes a long wait but it is worth the flight, the drive and the wait to get this Chinese food..The shrimp fried rice has not been restored to its pre -Katrina taste. I keep returning hoping to get a different taste. The egg rolls are the best I have ever had in my life. When I am travelling from New Orleans, I often buy two and place them in a ziploc bag. Sad but true. The fried wontons, pepper steak and shrimp and broccoli are also good. The wontons have a small shrimp in them.
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it.I swear I drive pass this place like 6 days out the week. It's always packed and now I found out why, It's DAMN GOOD!
A whole in the wall joint. I walked in, waited in line, and placed an order. There's no menu on the walls or paper ones.. You have to wait your turn and there's one taped to the table as you are placing your order! How great ghetto fab is that. Then they give you a poker chip with a number on it. You sit, watch the chaos of people coming in and out... then they call your number when your food is ready. 
I ordered the boneless chicken combo dinner and a hot/sour soup. All of it was really good. This is one of the few places I've been to that had real chicken pieces. (usually places have that processed battered meat) The batter was really light and cripsy. The mixed veggies didn't have that thick starch and seasoning wasn't too salty. 
The shrimp fried rice was delicious! Not greasy and the shrimp looked like shrimp! It tasted fresh and the flavor was just right. 
The eggrolls! OMG, it was huge! First eggroll I've had at a Chinese restaurant that has both shrimp and roasted pork in it. It was good! The previous reviews are right! They are DAMN good!
My hot and sour soup was excellent also! It wasn't overdone and wasn't too starchy. Their portions are right sized. Prices are very decent! This is the little go to chinese joint I have been looking for!The prices are completely different in the store, service is horrible if you don't speak ChineseAbsolutely love this place. Their Ya Ka Mein and Egg Drop soup are so delicious! I love the boneless chicken and combination rice. The food is consistently good, and I've yet to have a bad experience there. 5 stars all the way everyday (except Sunday :( because they're closed lol ). Look forward to returning at least once a month. I wish they offered spring rolls .I'm back!!! Once again the good is prepare with high quality. The customer service is excellent as always. The homemade duck sauce is awesome. I could choose any our brand of Chinese restaurant when I come back home. I ALWAYS come here. You can tell when love and passion is place in the meal you eat. This is the place to experience  that level of quality. I'll be back!!!!This place is amazing and feels like home to me. Being from New Orleans I fell in love with this place at a young age. And YES AVOID THE BEGGARS AND HUSTLERS and the service at best is rude but that's ok because the food is good and comes quickly. Parking is rough, but I suggest going in the late afternoon between lunch and dinner.
Obviously you cant go wrong with the mandarin chicken and the sweet and sour chicken, there the most popular for a reason. But the best kept secret is the wonton soup! It's the best in the city! Better than the ya ka mien. And obviously the egg rolls. I like to actually see what's in my end roll not have mystery mush inside. 
 For healthier options try the shrimp and broccoli and the shrimp and lobster sauce 
For ya ka mien you need to go to Mrs. Linda....now that stuff is close to heavenThis place is not good. There is a review on the wall from the 70s praising the quality of the "oriental" food here, which should tell you something. Now, I know that most Chinese restaurants in this country serve a cuisine that is quite distinct from Chinese food one would fine in China, but this restaurant serves an outdated version of Chinese American food, hearkening back to the days of chop suey, which I was surprised not to find on their menu. 
It's hard to do anything but eat family size since the portions are so big here. They aren't a good value either, just large and proportionally more expensive. The food smells bad, the sauces are not good, and it looks unappetizing. The food is not even as good as Panda Express.The food is always delicious.  Never disappointed in several years now. The food is so good that I'm willing to overlook the exterior, the sometime rude waitress and the wait for take out. Yep, it's that good.So, my boss took me and some coworkers out for lunch after a meeting over in New Orleans. She absolutely raved about it, so I was really excited to try this new place. Perhaps it was just that my boss had raved for for months about how great it was, that I was so disappointed. My boss ordered what felt like everything on the menu: Curry Chicken, Shrimp with Lobster Sauce, Chicken Lo Mien, Beef with Broccoli, Combination Fried Rice, Sweet and Sour Shrimp and lots of Egg Rolls. 
I normally try to move my reviews chronologically through the meal, but That would be nearly impossible with the mountains of food that appeared before us. The weakest part of the meal was the chicken lo mien: the noodles were overdone and it was pretty bland. 
Other than that the majority of the food was pretty good. I don't really have a lot to say about the food, other than the fact that their portions are HUGE! You will not walk away hungry.
OK, the one part of this meal that I loved without reservation was the Egg Roll. It was huge, and absolutely delicious. Most egg rolls have a kind of cabbage and meat slaw that goes into them, but these egg rolls had huge bits of meat and vegetables in them. I cannot think of a single other time that an egg roll has left me feeling so happy. 
Overall, stop in there if you want decent Chinese food and are definitely hungry.food was good, but that out-dated payment setup where they hold on to your debit card can make yoy a little jumpy.customers, be aware of vagrants trying to hustle you.After parking my car in the street a crackhead approached me, demanding two dollars,I ignored him,about 5 minutes later he came into the restaurant set next to me and told me that I had hit a car and if I gave him ten dollars he would forget the incident.I told him that I was going to call 911and would not be hustled.When I went outside there were four other crackheads cursing and demanding money.don't know if the driver was working with them,when he saw me talking to 911 he told me to forget it.The manager is aware of the situation.needless to say that destroyed any appetite we had.I paid for the food and left.WILL NEVER GO BACK TO CHINESE KITCHENIt's absolutely disgusting inside. Definitely not sanitary...but the food...LOVE. The combination fried rice and egg rolls are my go to choices.This location has been here since I was a little kid and I'm now 40 years of age. The black community has supported this establishment  pre and post Katrina. What has Chinese Kitchen done to give back to those who have supported them? Not one smile nor a kind gesture at anytime. Today I went on their website and planned on ordering for friends in town for FQ festival. After waiting 15mins in line I finally arrived to the clerk. I asked for sesame chicken she responded "No sesame go to Five Happiness". I was stunned!  Obviously customer service isn't concerned to them because the community will support them despite the horrible treatment. Today was my last day ever entering into this establishment.I lived in the Broadmoor area of New Orleans in the seventies, and was a regular at The Chinese Kitchen. Last night was my first time visit since then, and I was worried that I would be disappointed. I wasn't. 
From the outside, this place looks like a dump, and it's in a very sketchy section of Carrollton. Don't let that stop you. Inside, it isn't a lot better looking either. But don't let that stop you either. Last night we walked in and sat down, received prompt friendly service, struck up conversations with other loyal returning customers (from as far away as Kentucky), and our food arrived quickly. The menu had not changed since the 70's. We ordered Sizzling War Bah and Roast Pork Egg Foo Young. 
All I can say is "Wow!" Huge portions, clean, fresh, and delicious. Best Chinese food in a long long time. I am still thinking about it.......
Inexpensive.
Be bold. Try it. You will be glad you did.One of my favorite restaurants. I haven't had one bad experience with them whether it was a sit-in or a take-out. Their food is deliciously amazing and the employees are friendly. If there's one Chinese restaurant that I would have to choose in the entire world, it would be Chinese KitchenI really can't say anything bad about this place, because I was raised on eating here. The food is always fresh in the portions are always really really big. I have the broccoli and shrimp with one times and fried rice for lunch. It was good, fresh, and the service is always great. Been coming here since I was a kid, they never disappoint!Oh Chinese Kitchen, how i've missed thee.
It's literally been since pre-Katrina since i've eaten Chinese Kitchen. My parent's used to order take-out from here so much that i literally had to stop myself from going there once i was of age to drive and make my own decisions on what to eat. However just the other day the urge came rushing back to me for what i remember to be some of the best boneless chicken and combination rice i've eaten. The smell, the taste, everything was a rush of culinary nostalgia! 
Oh! that boneless chicken, it's so damn good! I remember reports in the past about their 'health conditions' but i'll tell ya what, if a bug or two made it's way into anything i've ever eaten here then i say it's part of the amazing tasting recipe they've got going on, and i don't mind (as long as it blends in well enough). 
Although i gotta say, they kinda treat you like $h*t at the counter, but they have such a monopoly on the Chinese food in the city it's almost...no, it IS worth the abuse! Try and pick your battles when coming to this place though because if there are a lot of people there, expect to wait at least 20-30 minutes for your food depending on what people before you ordered.  But trust me, you won't be disappointed once you get that food back to your feasting-place-of-choice.
Their fried wontons smack off too! with that little shrimp in the middle, oh the genius! LOVE that place.Don't let the slightly sketchy looking location scare you away! Tried Chinese Kitchen for the first time this weekend and it was delicious. Large portions for a pretty low cost. Get the Egg Rolls, Kitchen Fried Rice, and Mandarin Chicken and you're covered for at least 5 big meals. Make sure you ask for gravy on the side (most of their meals are smothered in gravy) and get extra of their house made mustard. Only waited about 15 minutes or so from the time I ordered to the time I received my food. Just a heads up, they don't accept any orders over the phone!My fondness for this place is part nostalgia and part the best egg rolls you have ever eaten. You don't go here for the service or the ambiance, when you go to the kitchen, you get what you get and you don't throw a fit!  What you do get are some fantastic dishes that have been served up the same way since I before I could walk (and I'm old enough to refuse to admit how old I am). My must haves here are the egg rolls, combo fried rice, shrimp and broccoli and mandarin chicken. My dad never passes up the Kung bo crawfish. They are quick to adapt orders to your taste and they will whip you up some take out, once you arrive.... don't expect them to answer the phone. Conceptually I would love for them to clean the place up (I try not to think too hard about how little changed post Katrina ). But I'll keep the dated decor in need of a cleaning, if that's what it takes to keep making my favorite Chinese dishes at a reasonable price.I've always been a fan of CK since the 80s and go there when I wanted high-quality, filling pop chinese cuisine. But I've noticed that it's not seasoned the way it used to be--are they holding back on the MSG and is that what I'm sadly missing? (OMG!! I can't believe I said that!)
    That being said, I still go because it's hit and miss at times.  Last night was definitely a miss. The egg drop soup tasted it was made with 2 chicken boullioun cubes in a 15 quart pot.  The mandarin gravy wasn't tasty either, everything was just BLAH.  And since I don't have a cold or anything, I'm not blaming my taste buds.  
   I must say it was refreshing free of beggars...that is a huge negative for me because I'm one of those bleeding hearts {cringe} that feels sorry very quickly.OK OK let's start with the bad...I was a little scared when we got here, be prepared to be asked for some change by the guys hanging out front (my opinion is give it, they will watch your car) LOL...I personally would not visit when its dark but during the day absolutely...the Chinese food is great...the shrimp fried rice was authentic and the egg roll was huge and tasty....also try the sweet and sour chicken and the huge shrimp Wontons yummmmThe absolute best Chinese in the city!!!! The egg rolls and the combination fried rice are to die for. Went there minutes before closing and the food was still freshly cooked.The second time I visited the restaurant it was for take-out. I ordered Hot and Sour soup and an egg roll. The egg roll, as always, was awesome. Only drawback was that women at the counter were so caught up in their personal conversation, they forgot to add condiments to my bag. When I went back to request some, they turned me away saying I had them, insisting they were in the container. No ladies, not in the bag or container. 
The Hot and Sour soup on the other hand... It looked like a combination of egg drop soup and Mandarin Chicken sauce. There was no distinct hot or sour taste to it, and the peas  floating on top made me wonder what happened to the green onion and ginger, burdock root and tofu skin? They were nowhere to be found in this creation. I honestly don't know what it was.Great place for overstuffed plates and their egg rolls are big and really good. It's not cheap but the food is worth every damn penny. My favorite is the mandarin chicken and combination fried riceHow the heck does this place not have a review yet? This is an outrage! ! ! 
I'm going to be simple and to the point. this place has the best and I mean THE BEST friend rice in the country. 
Yes I said it, not county, but COUNTRY. I've has fried rice in so many cities, but nothing beat's Chinese Kitchen. Even when I visit family back in NOLA, this is one of those must visit places. Chinese food in Kansas City is pathetic to say the least, and everytime I eat Chinese, I'm reminded of the glory days when I could spend $8 on a huge package of fried rice and it would last me for days.
Order a combination fried rice and prepare to feed 3 or more. I have no idea how they can fit so much rice in the container. I will also say they have some of the best egg rolls I have ever had as well.
Please get out and try this place. Five Happiness has nothing on Chinese Kitchen when it comes to this stuff. Hands down.I love this place, best Chinese restaurant in the city, must try the kung pao chicken, my favorite.Egg rolls were good but everything else was just bland. Had the broccoli and mandarin chicken. chicken was just fried dark meat with gravy on the side.Anyone who recommends this place has never had decent Chinese food. The atmosphere is awful and I felt like I was risking my life just getting out of the car. I never leave reviews, but I am mad at all the people who gave this place a good review. I want my $53 and 1 hour of my life back. I will never forgive you all.I've been patronizing this place since I've been in Pampers. The staff know my whole family. They even know when my little sister died. The food is fantastic. My only gripe is the rising prices. I grew up here and remember the affordability. I can't go as often because it's ridiculous but it is still good.Great place fo get get a mai tai and good chinese food. Have been coming here since i was small, never seems to disappoint.If you are debating weather to go here or not, GO!!!!!  
Simple, no frills, Chinese food. Best egg rolls in the city...in the hood so be mindful. I always get the mandarin chicken, gravy and veggies on side. But everything is great and always hot and fresh....
Tip on to go orders and they will give you all the sauce that you want!!!By far the BEST chinese food in New Orleans.  Not the best ambiance but sometimes that does not matter when it comes to a great meal.  You will never be disappointed by the Chinese Kitchen kitchen.  We love the egg rolls - they are chocked full of all kinds of goodness.I had never stopped here because I suspected this food would be what it looked like from the street. Junk food for the masses. Hey, I have nothing against what the masses eat ...I go there myself on occasion...but this is just that, right up there with other junk food places where the portions are large and the food is drenched in grease. One thing is to eat junk food if that is what you like (I have no problem  with that), and another is to make this the highest rated Chinese restaurant in the city.  This is heart attack City. I finally went and it was actually worse than I expected. 
 That rating speaks highly of our culinary reputation. Record fat population. Record high blood pressure, etc. Bless the foodies that support the real restaurants in the city. 
I guess if you like this place I will be unable to convince to get out of your rut and try something else so I won't go there. 
I gave it two stars because it seems to do a good job feeding a lot of New Orleanians for better or worse. Lots of food at an unbeatable price.Meaty Egg Rolls and a Addictive Fried Chicken for this Americanized Pop Chinese Restaurant.Took a star off for the space, since it's been the same size...forever. They should have expanded this place a long long time ago. No biggie, food is still top notch to me.
Shrimp with lobster sauce is amazing and the egg rolls are gargantuan. I'm also a big fan of the mandarin chicken here. I get my gravy on the side, and I also request that they spice my gravy up a bit.
The plus is they always have very crispy Tsing Taos and chilled glasses on deck. 
If you go with a group, please get the sizzling wor bar...you will not be disappointed.
Just expand Chinese Kitchen, please?Love there Mandarin Chicken made with Dark meat only and there Egg Rolls. Growing up my family didn't get to eat out much, only for special occasions. Usually for my Mom's birthday we would go to Chinese Kitchen. I would always get the  Mandarin Chicken w/ fried rice and Egg roll. They make it exactly how i like it, with dark meat, allot of breading, food you can get stuffed on. I brought my wife there a couple years back and she wanted the same but with White meat. She got into it with waitress because they only made it with Dark meat and no exceptions. When i do eat there food i get it to go, the parking lot sucks, the people asking for money by the doors are very annoying. My birthday is coming up and i requested my Mandarin Chicken w/ fried Rice and Egg rolls for my meal at home. I haven't eaten many other things so i don't know how they are.This is the best Chinese food in the city with the best egg rolls I have ever had anywhere!  Seriously.  I'm not even that big of an egg roll person but I had one of these and could eat one eery day for the rest of my life, it's that good.No sesame chicken? No steamed or fried dumplings?! How can this be a Chinese takeout without dumplings? Sorry...BUGS!!!!! One was in my meal. Wish I could give less than 1!!! Makes me sick to even think about it. Horrible!!!This place is my hidden secret. 
Does it look a bit sketch from the street? Yes. 
Is the decor incredibly cheesy? Yes.
Is the food absolutely delicious? Yes.
Chinese Kitchen is fantastic. The food is great, the portions are huge, and the price is pretty cheap. Definitely my favorite Chinese restaurant in New Orleans. Have ate here about a dozen times and have yet to have tried something I didn't like. 
Just be warned of lines if you're picking up and placing an order to go.Absolutely terrible. Waited 30+ minutes for our food only to have my husband's plate come out 1st. Then after waiting another 20 minutes for my plate with my husband's food getting cold waiting for mine the server brought me an egg roll, when asked where my whole plate was she said "oh, you wanted the meal?" I said that is what I ordered & what you read back to me, are you telling me you think I just waited an hour for 1 egg roll? We got up to leave & the server actually wanted us to pay for the food! My husband's food cold & untouched & mine that never arrived. Completely ridiculous! Will NEVER go back!!Best egg rolls in new orleans hands down. Not much ambiance but if you want really good chinese food, this is the place to go. Never had a bad meal here.This place is always busy.  The parking is atrocious, and if you park in the lot, someone may block your car in while they are getting their food.  The food is definitely good, but I get the sweet and sour chicken and mandarin chicken.  Can't usually go wrong with that.  My complaint is that I called in my order, but they did not start preparing it until I got there to pay.  Are you kidding me? I called 30 minutes ahead and still had to wait 15 minutes.  This has happened more than once. Unacceptable.This restaurant has been in the neighborhood for decades. The food is always hot, tasty & plentiful. You won't be disappointed. Their egg rolls are the best I've had in Louisiana. You'd have to go to the Bay Area to find a rival. I dinged them one star for service. It can be sketchy. It may be due to language barriers however.Always fresh ! Whenever I come back home I always stop here FIRST ! Boneless Fried Chicken Combo and add some fried wonton as well !My husband kept telling me how good they were. Well now I am a believer....this is the best Chinese spot for a quick take out or a casual sit down after a long day. The menu consists of what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant however the taste is quite unexpected. I ordered the mandarin chicken with the gravy on the side along with shrimp fried rice.An egg roll came with it. My husband ordered the broccoli and shrimp along with shrimp fried rice and egg roll. The employees were very courteous and also helped us decide what to order when we were not sure. The plates were so heavy!!! We could have easily shared one plate. I will definitely go again.The absolute BEST I've had!!! The workers are kinda rude well actually there's no kinda about it but the quality of the food more  than makes up for some of their sh^tty attitudes. Best egg rolls in the world. I've been all over this country (navy baby) & have yet to come across any place that compares. Would have given five stars but their bad tudes lost them a star.Walked in and they told us to seat our selfs. They had no tables cleaned. So for 10 minutes we was standing looking foolish. We asked a server to clean the table and she said you have to wait sweetie we busy. Only in New Orleans and it's sad. I love my hometown but the customer service is lacking professionalism. 
The parking lot is a mess as well. People park anyhow. 
I hear how good the food is but the service alone ruined it for me. We left and is going to china doll on the West Bank.If you are reading this, you already know one of New Orleans' open secrets. Worth the trek and the "interesting" customer service to get some awesome Chinese food. They are known for their egg rolls--which are huge and meat-filled and their incredibly Americanized food--but it's so darn good!We ordered 3 items. 
Hot and sour soup was decent
Chicken Kung bo chicken was ok
Beef lo mein was absolutely terrible. It was made with spaghetti noodles. It was just really gross.
You cannot order on the phone or online, so we waited in line and in the restaurant for 20 mins. It was definitely not worth it.The worst service I've ever had. A friend and I went to the restaurant for lunch, I ordered a Sprite and she ordered a Dr. Pepper. Both drinks arrived to the table and something was off about cold drinks, it could have been the CO2. When I informed the server she said" we just changed it, how about  about iced tea. We both informed her that we didn't want the tea however we would take a bottle of sprite. She informed us that the bottled drinks were for TO Go Guests only  and not in dining customers. The bottles were in plain view and we were paying customers and she refused to give us bottles to replace the off soft drinks and then acted as if we were a bother to her. At that point, I gathered my purse and left the restaurant. I proceeded to  drive across the river to China Doll where the service and food is exceptional. The owner, servers and managers feels that it is ok to treat its customers as less than because they operate in an underserved community, this is unacceptable. I will never visit this restaurant again and will tell all those that will listen how awful the service is at this restaurant.