I've eaten here for many years and it's one of the better Chinese options Uptown.  Before Katrina I ate here very often but I rarely end up eating here anymore as there are so many new Vietnamese places that have opened nearer my house that I end up at those more often.  They have a decent selection of Asian items beyond just the expected Americanized Chinese offerings.  The prices are decent for the quantity you get and the service is generally adequate.We eat here at least 3-4 times a month, whether it's delivery, dine-in or takeout. I try new dishes and repeat-order as well. And you can ask for "no msg" no problem. Always get a soup. Chicken Yat Ka Mein and egg drop are my favs. Hunan beef and moo goo gai pan are my two fav entrees. Great service, clean restrooms, and deliciously affordable food.China orchid had some good things and then some that were just okay/not great. I have been coming here for years- this was the first time in a while though. It isn't quite as good as I recall it to be. My husband, father and I went for a Saturday evening dinner. The restaurant had about 4 other tables of diners when we got there. It took a few minutes for someone to come over, but throughout the meal our server was friendly and efficient. We started with soup (hot and sour and egg drop) and a Cho Cho appetizer. The soups were pretty good. However the Cho-Cho not so much. It looked like the dough had not been closed at the edges- so must of the filling was dry and kind of hard. One was totally empty and we told our waitress. She apologized and soon came it with 2 more- those were hot, fresh and moist. Maybe the first batch were old? Not a super pleasant thought. For our meals, my dad ordered the seafood hot pot- he raved about how full of seafood and great tasting it was. My husband got the Szechuan pork combo plate- it was more like a basic stir fry than Szechuan, but tasted decent. The rice was good, as was the egg roll. I got the orange peel beef combo plate. I have always loved their orange peel beef- and it was delicious. I would not go out if my way to return, however I would go again.Excellent Chinese food. General tso chicken is so good and crab Rangoons are addictive.I thought it would be funny if I wrote this review now because I'm currently sitting at a cafe in Beijing, China. This place is pretty good. Now that I've been in China for a few days and have experienced REAL and genuine Chinese food, China Orchid is probably one of the better places to go. I like the fact that I don't live too far from here, just a few streetcar stops away. 
The food here in China can get pretty spicy, and I've tried a few dishes at this place that gave me the same reaction. It's a pretty good place. If you're in the mood for Chinese food and live uptown, call this place up for take out and watch a movie. You're guaranteed to have a good night - unless the movie sucks.The food is good here and consistent in flavor/taste. Favorites so far on the menu include Chicken in Garlic Sauce, Sauteed Green Beans and Black Bean Tofu/Chicken. Soups are standard, the Chow Chow appetizer is not tasty (it's mostly fried dough with hardly any filling inside), and the Pork Gyoza are good. The lunch specials are a really good bang for your buck, with soup and appetizer of your choice accompanying an entree with rice. Atmosphere is on the quiet side, but we find it very peaceful for a chill weeknight dinner out. I've heard great things about their fish dishes, and will try those next.Me and my girlfriend order take out from her all the time and have never been disappointed. Good food and decent prices. Love the shrimp fried riceWhat a disappointment !!! I was craving Chinese food & since ChinaOrchard is nearby I stopped in for lunch. I ordered Kung Bo Chicken, shrimp fried rice & chow chow. Kung Bo Chicken is SUPPOSED to be spicy, but NO,& waaaaaaay too salty).The shrimp fried rice was mushy( apparently so was the white rice - customers were complaining about it), the chow chow was inedible. Clearly it had been frozen, not freshly made, oily & no taste at all. 
 They need a new lunch"chef" immediately. 
I really hope  the dinner food is better than the lunch food. Good luck with that.One of the places that it's been on my radar for a while and I finally went. We went 30 min before closing and service was quick and food came out quick too. I'm not much of a chinese food person anyway and know I've had better but I wasn't disappointed and don't think anyone will be eitherWent for lunch the other day and I've been there before for takeout. But based on this experience I will never go back!!! The waiters 1 didn't understand a word of English and the other was completely rude! For lunch you're supposed to get a "free" drink but turns out it's just the tea. So I initially ordered the tea but "sweet" tea wasn't really sweet. So the sugar on the table had black stuff in it. Of course they didn't have packaged sugar. So I just got a cold drink. Got the check and was charged for the "free" drink. 
The menu looked appealing but taste didn't compare. Ordered the tso chicken which I've had before. The shrimp fried rice was mushy n bland. The crab wonton was good and the chicken just ok. My pregnant friend had the same without the spiciness. But both tasted the same. The main waiter was abrupt and rude!! 
Later that night and into the next day my friend and I were both sick from the food!! Won't be returning!!!I love this place so much.  There are depressingly few places to get decent Chinese food Uptown (Chinese Kitchen always tastes a little musty, much like the building itself, but it's third place on my list of the only three places I'd eat Chinese food in this city-- a distant one), and China Orchid does a great job, every time.  My go-to for Chinese American cuisine.
I order delivery a lot, but my dine-in experiences have also been very pleasant.  The food is fast, the service is good, and the quality of the food is always up to snuff.  Lately there's been a stark jump in quality of their vegetables.  I don't know if it's a seasonal thing, or if they've switched suppliers, but the last few visits I've had there have provided me with notably fresh produce  
Keep it up!
I normally shy away from General Tsao's chicken, but this one is great.  On my last delivery order, it came to the door, still crispy.  Not too sweet (I normally find this dish to be abhorrently sweet, but I had a craving).  It could probably have been a little spicier-- it's New Orleans.  I promise we can handle the Szechuan kick.
A quiet place for a casual date (not a first-date place), and a nice option to have on your phone for an "I'm too lazy to make my own food, please bring it to my mouth" delivery.I have dined there on several occasions and it was pretty good.  Last time I went as a group of three adults and 4 children. Everyone ordered items and the bill came without gratuity added. We split it between two credit cards and when the charge slips came back, the tip line was empty, however, the total charge was more then the initial bill. We asked for the itemized bill again and we were presented with a different bill that included the gratuity.  Apparently, the waitress gave us one bill (w/o tip)  then added the gratuity when charging our cards and left the tip line empty hoping we would not notice.  It goes without saying that we won't be returning. Unfortunately, not because of the food but because of the sneaky staff.  If you go, get the eggplant and watch your bill!Used their online service and received no delivery after an hour.  Called twice and woman on phone assured me it was in  route.  After two hours I called again to ensure they cancelled the order as still no food.  At this time they chose to look up the order and said they don't deliver to lakeview.  No food was ever on its way in 2 hrs.  I expected them to offer it free if I came and picked it up in person.   Instead she hung up on me twice during a very direct final call.  SadDo NOT get the Pad Thai. I repeat, no Pad Thai! I should have known that, one does not order Thai at a Chinese place. Otherwise, the service was great and other food looked decent.Maybe it was my fault for ordering pad Thai from a Chinese place, but it was bad. I asked for medium spicy, she made it zero spicy. So many onions. Maybe more onions than noodles even. Got the seafood soup. Also no taste or flavor. Only thing good I can say is the carrots and beans in the soup were crunchy. Avoid this place. Regrets.I had the shrimp and broccoli. It came with shrimp fried rice & an egg roll. The food is was fresh & came out in a timely manner. The only thing I would say is the rice had a funny taste. I can't describe it but it was a different taste for shrimp fried riceThis is a great Chinese place if you are in the area and are in the mood for some good Chinese food. I personally would say that this Chinese food is very good. The main problem I had with this restaurant is the customer service. One day I went to this restaurant with my children and my son didn't know what to get and he was choosing between two options. The waitress came and asked "are you ready?" We all said yes. My son asked "what would you recommend, I am choosing between the pecan shrimp and the mango shrimp?" The reply was " You said that you were ready, we are very busy. Choose quickly". I found this very rude. The food is still good though.Stopped in here for lunch the other day. The service was great and the restaurant was actually a pretty relaxing atmosphere.
I ordered their sesame chicken. No flavor and barely fried. This place actually delivers so I wish food was better.The China Orchid has improved since after Katrina, and the place looks nicer inside. The food was very good, but the service was not. The lady who served us forgot many things and acted as if we were imposing on her and she was more concerned with sitting down with other people that work with her to eat. I felt as if she was saying to herself " Stupid Americans I hate serving you, eat and Shut Up!"The food is boring, greasy. If thats what your looking for (and some times it is...) then go for it. The atmosphere is decent, comfortable and the service is standard. Pricing isn't bad... There's better.Dinner was fantastic.  My group had the appetizer tray(s), Mandarin Chicken and Softshell Crab dinner combos. 
They appetizer tray was portioned for two so we ordered two, as we had three in the party.  All items were fresh and served hot.  
The shrimp fried rice served with the combo is generously portioned and tasty.  
My wife decided not to order an entree as the appetizer tray and a order of egg drop soup was plenty.  I sampled the egg drop soup and I was impressed.
Both the soft shell crab and Mandarin chicken were great.  I will order the Mandarin chicken again.
No complaints on the food, service or prices.  Only comment on prices is that I felt they were extremely reasonable.As a NYer, I ate here pretty regularly during my 3 years of law school living in Uptown. No MSG in their food, it tastes steamed, healthier, and loved- not overly greasy at all. Portions are nice and you aren't hungry again in 3 hours. 
The place is nice for dining in, taking out is easy too- the service leaves a little to be desired but I find it overall to be pretty authentic and worth my money. Enjoy!I did not expect to like this place as much as I did. I don't know if they remodeled or what, but I had always heard this was such a dive when I was living Uptown, so I never went (visions of Moon Wok and August Moon...ugh). We were looking for cheap Chinese last night, and with China Orchid we hit the jackpot. Heaps of food that will make several meals and shrimp toast that brought tears of joy to my eyes. I had not had that delicious type of shrimp toast since living in Virginia Beach a thousand years ago. The dining room is a bit crowded and quiet, so you hear everyone's stupid conversations, but I think this will be a major takeout joint for me from now on. Shrimp toast. SHRIMP TOAST!!!!!!!!!!!Do NOT order online. Recently, we went through their website interface and placed our order. Everything seemed fine and we were given a 30-45 minute wait time, but after an hour, we still had not received our food. We proceeded to call again and again, but 30 minutes and 12 phone calls later, we were never able to get through (I suppose they do not have call waiting). Since we did not know if the food was coming or not, we ultimately drove to the restaurant. After waiting about 10 minutes to talk to someone, now almost 2 hours after we placed our initial order, we were told that their online system does not work and, if we wanted, we could replace our order in the store. Never again- there is other equally mediocre Chinese food nearby.This is a great Chinese place if you are in the area and are in the mood for some good Chinese food. I personally would say that this Chinese food is very good. The main problem I had with this restaurant is the customer service. One day I went to this restaurant with my children and my son didn't know what to get and he was choosing between two options. The waitress came and asked "are you ready?" We all said yes. My son asked "what would you recommend, I am choosing between the pecan shrimp and the mango shrimp?" The reply was " You said that you were ready, we are very busy. Choose quickly". I found this very rude. The food is still good though!So I was STARVING and I was in the neighborhood and thought, when was the last time I ate at this Chinese restaurant? Maybe the 80s? So I took the chance and ordered *all the takeout*
I ordered moo shu vegetables, shrimp green beans and shrimp toast. And unlike my last disappointing take out adventure, everything was very tasty. The shrimp toast was fluffy and shrimpy. The moo shu came with the sauces and the yummy crepes. And the shrimp and green beans were delicious, easily the best dish.
I ordered at the front desk and my food came out quickly. Definitely need to remember to put them in rotation.Besides the authentic Chinese food my Chinese friends/families have made for me, Chinese food all tastes the same, except when it's bad. This place is not in that category. In my 2 years living in Uptown NOLA, this has become my go-to place for Chinese food. The portions are large and it's not too greasy/buttery. My favorites are the shrimp fried rice, the mapo tofu, and the shrimp wonton soup. Though I've tried many Chinese restaurants in the city, I keep coming back to this one.Stopped in for a quick lunch break and had a delicious meal. Ordered the sesame chicken with fried rice, egg roll, and a cup of hot and sour soup. So much food and it was all great. Would definitely eat here again!As an authentic Chinese，I have to say that this restaurant is just OK. Maybe because the owner heard that my friend and I were chatting in mandarin, the service is not so satisfactory. Hope they can improve~~I love china orchid because all of their ingredients seem very fresh. I have tried a lot of things here but my favorite is the mandarin chicken. Sometimes the wait is a little long but they are very consistent with the quality. Also they deliver pretty quickly from what I have experienced. Love you china o. Your chicken is kickin!!Our go to Chinese take out place.  The delivery is quick and the food is hot and fresh.I used to go here a lot because it was so affordable. However, the last time I went I ordered the Pad Thai, ate 2/3 of it, and then saw something that looked like it shouldn't be in my food--I was right. What I found was a huge dead spider, that had obviously been cooked with my food. I nearly puked. When I alerted the waiter she tried to act like the spider had dropped into my food from the ceiling. They took my meal off the bill, but I will NEVER eat here again.The restaurant is within walking distance of my house, and offers everything that you would expect from a Chinese restaurant.  I tend to order takeout here, but I've noticed that the folks that do always seem to have issues with the wait, the service, and the pickup.  I have no problem with the food.
Walking in, you're immediately greeted and asked if you want to dine in.  Or, at least, I was.  Apparently there had been a woman standing there before I came in, and she had been completely ignored.  The hostess proceeded to take my order, but I pointed out the lady and said she was first.  If I hadn't, I think the hostess would have continued to ignore the woman -- I don't know what that was all about, but it bothered me.
Anyway, the food takes 15-20 minutes, and then they pack everything up for you.  I had to remind the hostess to charge me for my food.  The restaurant was busy, but not so busy where you forget to have folks pay for their meals.
To the food itself:
The won ton soup is flavorful.  I enjoyed it - plenty of veggies, shrimp, and dumplings.  Comforting on a cold night.
The broccoli beef is pretty standard.  Meat's tender, and the broccoli isn't overcooked.
Pork fried rice, once aided by some soy sauce, was pretty tasty.  Not greasy, and you receive a large portion.
The moo shu was tasty -- hard to go wrong there.  The meat and veggie mixture was uber savory, the crepes were nice and thin, and the plum sauce just made everything work together.  Yum.
I'll go back and try again.  I'm sure the service that night could have been a fluke, and the food is worth another visit.This place is delish! I love the crispy shrimp and general joe shrimp.  The eggrolls are awesome and the Winton soup was good. I will say the lil small punk shrimp in the fried rice are a bit sad and the cocktails are off but other than that nice staff and good food and best of all, the menu has pictures!Ate there for the first time last night with some friends. The smell is intoxicating when you walk through the door. A friend of my husband is a frequent visitor and has ordered almost everything on the menu. They ordered the shrimp toast for an appetizer. It was delicious! I ordered the almond chicken with steamed rice- definitely flavorful. Somewhat of a suprise the almonds were whole. My husband ordered the grilled fish. Which was also good. Our two friends ordered the empress noodles and the sinapore noodles. Nothing on the table was bad. I recommend this place.Great food at reasonable prices. The customer service is good, too. The same lady waits on me when I visit for lunch. She remembers my order, makes THE BEST Mai Tais, and offers to box my leftovers. I really look forward to dining at China Orchid in the Riverbend.I lived in New Orleans in the 1980s when I was a student at Tulane.  This April (2009), I returned with my daughter who was herself looking at Tulane.  We were looking for a quick bite on a Sunday evening and we ended up at the China Orchid.
I must say that I was very pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a fish dish (which I almost never do at a Chinese restaurant) and it was fresh and delicious.  My son ordered chicken, my daughter ordered a tofu dish and my wife ordered a shrimp dish.
Everyone was impressed with both the size of the portions and the taste.  The food was fresh and served hot.  A definite thumbs up.Best Chinese food I've found since moving to New Orleans from CA.The fried rice is pretty good. I use to get the sweet and sour chicken, but the last 2 times i got it... it looked awful. The very last time, I didn't even eat one bite. Told the lady I was not going to eat that and she took it away. 
If you place an order to pick up, make sure you check it, because they totally ignore requests. 
I've gotten sick here a few times. My boyfriend says I get sick lots of places, so I've come back to try it again... and again I get sick. I try to avoid this place.Horrible! I ordered delivery and waited 1.5 hours. I called 3 times over 45 minutes and the lady kept saying the delivery person was out but nothing. By the time I got my food it was COLD and SOGGY! Also, the lady on the phone argued with me about how long I waited! HORRIBLEGood food, reasonable prices, easy online ordering and reliable delivery make this one of our go-to delivery places.
This is your basic Americanized Chinese food.We live 2 blocks away so we have eaten here quite a few times.  After the last time, which was a couple of days ago i can honestly say we will NEVER be back.  The food here SUCKS.  Its horrible.  Everything tastes like it was cooked then frozen then thawed out and cooked again.  I got kung bo chicken, my kid got sesame chicken, and my bf got fried chicken and vegetables.  Nothing was edible. The flavor of my bf's chicken didnt resemble any chicken i had ever eaten.  We left wondering if it was really chicken or chihuahua.  The other 2 dishes tasted exactly the same - like freezer burnt garbage.  For those people who reviewed this place as delicious, i feel sorry for you bc clearly you have never eaten good chinese food.If you're looking for standard American Chinese food, this is the place. The menu has typical dishes such as General's Chicken and Beef & Broccoli. The portions are very large - even a lunch combo can make two meals. The service is good, and take out is fast. One time I called and they said my order would be ready in 5 minutes (I live 10 minutes away so I told them to wait).  Finally, the fairly recent remodeling makes China Orchid an overall pleasant experience.Ordered the Spicy Mango Shrimp lunch special, it came with a side of mixed vegetables, egg roll, and fried rice. The shrimp itself wasn't really spicy but it was tasty and unique, I ordered it because I've never seen it featured on a menu before. I can't comment on the fried rice because I'm extremely biased, my mother makes the best fried rice LOL. The eggroll was droopy and very blase tasting. The food wasn't "amazing" but it would be ok if you were in a rush since the service is really fast!China Orchid serves your run-of-the-mill Americanized Chinese food. It's good for lazy Sunday meals and such. The one weird thing about this place is that they have a really grouchy delivery guy. I missed his phone call saying he was leaving the restaurant and when I returned his call, a WHOLE MINUTE LATER, he got an attitude and chided me about how i "really need to watch my phone more closely", and how it inconvenienced him. *eye roll* But other than that, if you're really craving some cheap General Tsao's tofu, you might as well go here.The lunch specials are the best at China Orchid.
Sesame chicken with fried rice makes my lunch satisfying. The food comes rather quickly, very quick. No complaints! If I can't make PF Changs, Chinese Kitchen or Five Happiness this is definitely a fine back up plan.The food is great with even some healthy options that I enjoy. Service is always amazing. They are also very accomodating to my picky teenage son. It is our favorite Chinese restaurant. We love it so much that they see us about once a week.Decided to eat here tonight after I saw a Yelp coupon. They decided not to honor the coupon and said they didn't know who created the coupon. One would have to imagine only the restaurant  can create the coupon, and if they didn't they should figure out how to remove it. Very bizarre and poor customer service on their part.
I hate when people review restaurants on items other than the food but this is a unique instance - you cannot perpetually keep a fake coupon on Yelp and then when people are ready to pay you tell them you're not taking it.
But this is not the only issue - the food , Mongolian beef was good not great. Most importantly the portion was not good - I have a before and after photo below. 80% onions 20% beef. Likely will not return after the combination of small portion and poor service.Had a recent birthday dinner here with my family.  I've been here a few times, and always enjoyed the food. The vegetables are always crisp and fresh, and the chef really knows how to create amazing sauces that hit the spot. I ordered the Szechuan Shrimp and Eggplant from the dinner menu. This may be the best eggplant dish Ive ever tasted. The sauce had a perfect balance of sweet/spicy notes with a mouth-watering chili-garlic punch. Lots of flavor without burning the tongue.  The shrimp were very succulent, and provided a nice contrast in texture with the eggplant. Nothing bitter about this eggplant either- very sweet & cooked to perfection.  They also use a very generous portion of beautiful Japanese eggplant, which has an amazing bright purple color, and a richer/sweeter flavor than conventional varieties.
My wife and I also shared a bowl of vegetable soup. The clear broth really highlighted the crisp, yet tender florets of broccoli, napa cabbage, matchsticks of carrot, etc. Very refreshing, and a perfect appetizer to cleanse the palate.  China Orchid has become my favorite Chinese restaurant in New Orleans. One can tell they truly care about the quality of the food, and most importantly, the food tastes great!China Orchid used to be my go-to Chinese food, and I ordered there very frequently. Recently, they've had the worst customer service, and the food has been terrible. They started to charge $3-4 extra for extra veggies, or to substitute tofu in a dish.  The last straw was when they messed up my order- I asked for no shrimp. I called and asked for a replacement, though it took four tries to get through to someone. They told me to "give the driver the wrong order" in exchange for my food, which I found odd. I waited an hour, then called them back. They seemed to have forgotten about my order entirely. 45 minutes later, I get a replacement that is cold. So if you're looking for decent food or customer service, look elsewhere.Very nice place. I ate there on a Saturday at noon, so depending on when you go, it may alter your individual experience. I genuinely appreciate a comfortable setting in a semi-private booth, at just about any resturaunt I visit, but this is definitely the case when I dine at a Chinese resturaunt. The wait staff was very nice, tentative and the entre' I ordered was pretty good. I went during lunch hours so my sweet and sour chicken (lunch special) came with a side of shrimp fried rice and an incredible spring roll. The portions were very large, so I had to take some home. Overall just a good place to eat. Parking can be scarce so plan for that.They deliver! Which is a great perk when your Chinese delivery options are either really expensive or lacking in flavor. I've ordered many different meals from there, so I won't bore you with my preference in Chinese food, but I will say that I've never had a bad meal. What I WILL say is that I've ordered some dishes that should not have been swimming in garlic, and were. It seems that when they want something to have more flavor, they add garlic! So much garlic! Don't get me wrong, I'm a girl who loves some garlic bread, and garlicky pasta sauces, but garlicky beef and broccoli? Ehh. Who knows? I normally appreciate originality, but adding a whole bunch of garlic because of lack thereof? A tit disappointing. Yeah... I'll order from there again, but not before a make-out sesh with my husband, or I'll voice my feeling about the smelly breathe causing ingredient!!Very impressed!  Decided to order some Chinese for dinner.. and went with China Orchid b/c they're close and had free delivery.  Placed an online order and the food was delivered to my house about 15 minutes after that. I was floored!  We got the pineapple shrimp, some crab rangoons, pork egg rolls, and egg drop soup.  Everything was yummy!They have pretty good food but their delivery is terrible. They take around an hour and a half to get you your food if you are lucky! This is very frustrating, especially because whenever you call they tell you it's on the way no matter what, which is annoying because you know it isn't.What a great place! The gf and I wanted to escape the French Quarter and we found China Orchid.  The food was delicious, the staff extremely friendly and efficient.  We had the veggie spring rolls, tofu and steamed veggies with a white sauce, and sesame tofu vegetables.  Wow!  Everything was so tasty, and cooked to perfection.  The restaurant was very comfortable, dimly lit, and had a nice laid back feel to it.  We plan on going back the next time we're in town.  For great Chinese food we highly recommend this place.  Gf had iced tea, I had water.  ($36, including tip.)Okay, so the delivery wasn't super speedy as it took an hour and 5 minutes. But all my food was hot still like I had just ordered. And it all tasted so good! The crab ragoons, fantastic!!!! how they should be made. I have been let down by 5 happiness, jungs and more by there ragoons, and I love crab ragoons! The steamed dumplings where also yum! but, they seem small and don't lok like any I have every had. The flavor though is really good. I will be coming back for my delivery American Chinese food needs.yuck. I am surprised the reviews are so good for this place. Maybe I tried the wrong thing, I don't eat chicken, beef, or pork, so my options were limited on the lunch menu. They were not willing to sub tofu for anything, so I ordered Kung Bo shrimp, the fried rice, crab rangoon, and egg drop soup. The only thing I would eat again of that list is the rangoon, which was actually good. The rice was bland, the sauce on the shrimp was overpoweringly salty and tasted no better than the cheap stuff you can buy at the grocery in a bottle, and the soup was A) too hot to eat until I put ice in it (which is a personal preference thing, I'll give them that), but B) it tasted like it had gone bad- a hard flavor to ID or describe any other way. I ate the rice, about 1/4 the soup, and I picked the shrimp out of the main course. To top it all off, I was "indisposed"all last night after I ate it into this morning, if you know what I mean. I think I can blame that on the rotten soup. 
LIke I said, the crab rangoon was good, and it was fast, but I doubt I'll get any real meals there in the future. The Crab rangoon is what is keeping this from only 1 star.New Orleans as such has no good Chinese restaurant in my opinion, its just my opinion though!
China orchid is one of the few ok ones but i have had 2 bad experiences there in terms of service.If you've been trying to find good Chinese food in New Orleans, China Orchid needs to be your go-to restaurant. In fact, I'd like to give them more credit and say that the food is not only good if being compared to other NOLA's Chinese restaurants, but this restaurant serves just plain good Chinese food on any scale. And I've eaten in both Oakland and San Francisco's Chinatown. 
The price is decent for the combo meals, less than $10 for your entree, shrimp fried rice and an egg roll. I ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken and loved it! They serve large portions, so you'll not only be satisfied with the taste but it's also enough to fill you up. The place is nice inside and the service was good: we got asked how our food was and our waters were refilled. 
I'll be back!Got egg drop soup and the sizzling black pepper chicken dish. Very good, like a saucy fajita. 
Their egg rolls are to die for. 
On a previous visit I got the chicken with broccoli dinner combo and the sauce was awful. Definitely get that dish with beef. Hubby got the Kung Bo which was very peanut-y.
Will definitely be returning!This is my favorite Chinese place in the city, for sure. Great prices, quick delivery service, and a nice dining room. The staff is nice, and the food is always awesome and plentiful. Emphasis on plentiful. I've never been able to finish a dinner plate there.
Chinese in NOLA can be very hit or miss, and thankfully there's China Orchid to help your decision along. It's located in a good area, and you can't go wrong with anything you order.They deliver...that's really the only good thing. It's way too expensive for cheap, plain, and not really that good Chinese takeoutOverall I can only give this restaurant two stars.  
Decent: The mango scallops meal was fair but nothing to rave about.  The service was on time based on the order tracker on their website which was nice.
Poor:  How do you mess up wonton soup?  I have never at any chinese restaurant had bad wonton soup - its a staple in the states.  This soup tasted funny and had mushy wontons - like the wrapper was not properly cooked.  Also the price that quoted online with my order was not the same as when it was delivered.  Granted it was only $1 different but the fact is - they overcharged me and then had the nerve to put a separate line where I could add additional tip for delivery.  
If I had to choose a local place for Chinese even though they don't deliver - better tasting, better price - Dragon King for sure.A good Chinese place is always difficult to find, but you can stop your search now.  I love the sesame chicken.  You can get white meat for any chicken meal for only $.50 more- no more wondering if that "meat" covered in sauce is actually chicken.  The portions are large, so you don't have to worry about what to eat for lunch the next day.  The lunch prices are affordable as well, which means you are getting a lot for your money!  The shrimp fried rice that comes with the combo is yummy and the crab rangoons are delicious.  The egg drop soup is also very good.  I am sad I am moving to a new state and will have to start the search for another good Chinese restaurant when it took me a few months to find this one in New Orleans!This Friday afternoon had me craving Chinese, but couldn't bear to head to the food court at school for Panda Express again. Walking into this crowded, tiny restaurant, I found fast, friendly service, a fairly standard menu, and a quick kitchen.
My food? Well, it was kinda boring. It was cooked so quickly, none of the flavors blended together. And, I'm guessing to appease the Southerners, shrimp fried rice is offered instead of steamed. And, once more, my quest for hot and soup soup that is actually both spicy and tangy continues...If you like this place you taste buds must love bland terrible flavor. Won ton soup had what looked like lettuce? Tasted like an old sock. Won tons were alight. Entrees do not have enough meat at all they skimp and cover it up with veggies. There are better chinese restaurants in this area.3/5 solid 
this isn't great, but also not bad. it's slightly pricier than other options, but then i think it's also like half a head above others shoulders (is that the right adaptation of the saying?). i've only taken food to go, and each time i've been satisfied with what i've gotten. i think the portion is fair for the price, and the taste and quality are good (which i'm judging partially on the size of the shrimp in the fried rice) so it's definitely on the value list. they were super friendly and pretty quick with getting the food ready after ordering.The food was OKAY (not amazing, but decent), but the service was AWFUL. So incredibly rude.  Points off.My fiance is OBSESSED with this place. It's by far her favorite chinese food. That being said, I'm not a huge fan of the food, although I think that this is among the best chinese food in the city that I've tried. I'm just spoiled by NY chinese food.
Last time I ordered pad thai, and boy was that a mistake. You are safest here if you stick with the "traditional" Chinese dishes, such as lo mein or sweet and sour chicken.
Last night, we ordered take out at 9:45, 15 minutes before they closed. Not only were they nice enough to still take my order, they were completely pleasant and not at all pissed that I showed up 5-10 minutes after closing time to grab my order. Every single time I have been here, either for takeout or dining in, the service has been outstanding. I know that sounds weird for just a run of the mill Chinese joint, but really the people that work here truly care that you have a great experience. I've had far more indifferent service at far fancier places. We keep coming back to China Orchid even though it's across town for us because of this.
Also, my egg rolls were pretty awesome.My first experience with them was 2 years ago .. food sucked and service sucked .. had gone in with someone who ate there regularly ... waitress took his order and started to leave the table before even asking what I wanted ... I had to stop her and tell her I wanted to order .. she gave me dirty look but came back with the pad and took my order ... I ordered chicken broccoli got a ton of chicken, exactly two pieces of broccoli and a sauce with no flavor dropped in front of me with a bitchy attitude .. this was my first time there.  Really two people at a table and you are only going to take one persons order ... just assumed she was lousy staff.
Two years later and living closer to them I decided to try then again after seeing better reviews, so ordered delivery two months ago and got a decent meal .. not the best in the west but decent and the driver was very nice, telling me how he had not delivered to my address before and complementing on the fact of how quite and nice the neighborhood was. Then we get to tonight ..  since I was in the mood for Chinese I figured would try them again ... this time  I was called 40 min after ordering and told they would not deliver to me .. that they had had problems delivering to my house ... no explanation of "problems" .. but that they wouldn't deliver.  So not a big deal .. mediocre food and now refusal to delivery.   So service sucked two time out of three and food was mediocre at best.Recently had lunch with wife. Restaurant is nice inside and our service from Anna was friendly and helpful. Menu is classic Chinese with all recognizable dishes and a few other asian items such as Pad Thai. The lunch specials are a large number of dishes and the portions are huge. We needed to take home half of what we ordered. Only slight negative is that the order took longer than most restaurants similar, but that was not distracting to us. We will definitely return again.Great food here. The potstickers are amazing and today we split the Orange Peel Beef lunch special w/ fried rice. Delicious and enough food for 2people. Service is always good when Debbie is there. $16  for appetizer, entree and 2 teas.  Highly recommended.Great experience last night. Wait staff was very courteous and timely. Pot stickers were delicious. Waitress recommended the seafood hot pot and the curry noodles and we devoured it like we hadn't eaten in a week. Best I've had in a very long time. What a gem. We will most definitely be back.This place has really gone down in quality. My chicken was so hard that I couldn't cut it with a knife! Service is mediocre at best. So now we only get combo fried rice or soup to go. Too bad. We used to love it here.Horrible customer service. I paid for a pick up order through the website and when the delivery guy arrived, I could not receive my food. He said my order had not been paid for. I paid through the app online. I also showed the delivery guy my bank statement showing the amount for my food being drafted out my account. The delivery guy then puts me on the phone with someone who works there. I thought she wanted to verify my card info but instead she just wanted me to pay AGAIN. NEVER will I order anything from this place again. I never had this problem before when placing an order online. I was on the phone for at least 5 minutes trying to get her to understand the food was paid for. I even gave her the shopping number for my order. She then proceeded to act like the phone was breaking up and she could not hear me. Extremely disappointed in how the situation was handled. She refused to refund me as well. Never order anything online or from this business. They do not appreciate their customers.Stopped into China Orchid for our annual Christmas Eve Chinese Dinner. China Orchid I found to be nothing special but thats what we have in New Orleans for Chinese food in general. I have yet to eat at a Chinese restaurant in NOLA that wows me. I ordered the hot and sour soup which was good than topped it off with the Hunan shrimp which was again good but not great.Ok...so...where do I even begin. Came here for lunch last week. I should have skipped it based on some of the reviews but I guess I am a glutton for punishment. My friend and I ordered and the waitress took our orders down mentally...completely forgot a part of it until we asked. They advertise 10% off if u check in on the yelp app but they won't honor it!!! She claims they don't know how to remove it. Horrible! I ordered sweet n sour chicken..was pretty dry. Rice was ok and egg roll and egg drop soup were tasty. Contact yelp to remove the 10% promo people...it's not rocket science!Ok in a pinch for some Chinese food.  It's the first place we have tried in town and we will be looking for others.  We ordered chicken and vegetable lo mein and also General Tsao and everything was just OK.  Having moved here from a place where we used to have amazing Chinese food delivered we weren't impressed.Consistently good food and fast service.  I'm vegan, and they do accommodate my dietary restrictions.  I usually get the mixed vegetables with the light sauce.  I ask for no meat stock of course.  I've also tried their eggplant with brown sauce, and it's amazing! The portion sizes are huge.  I'm sure one plate can feed two people as I had a lot left over.  Also I have to add there's a really cute guy server who goes above and beyond :) 10/10 coming again!Everything is good and at a good price.  This is our neighborhood Chinese restaurant of choice.