I decided to try this spot after the reviews of the Fried Chicken. It definitely didn't disappoint. Crispy, not greasy and very juicy. The biscuit was light and flakey and the rice was absolutely delicious. For sure this is going to be a regular stop when in NOLA.
P.S.  in the excitement, I forgot to grab my wallet when leaving my hotel room and didn't realize it until I was placing my order. Rather than send me on my way, the manager on duty told me to just bring the money tomorrow! I truly appreciate the gesture and find it refreshing that small business owners place this level of trust in their clientele. Thank you Julie!This place is always awesome. Their fried chicken is great and so is their fried fish. It's hard to decide what to get when you go but do yourself a favor and get the buffalo chicken sandwich on a bun at least once. You could eat there if you wanted to but it's really more of a to go type of place. Don't get intimidated if there is a lot people there when you go. They put out food fast and accurate.Okay first time here and I really was great every bite I took I was happy with, the wait wasn't too bad prices were good although I found it a little strange they charge for a cup of water (really?)... The woman who too my order was nice and had a big smile always a plus. The only reason they didn't get a straight 5 star was the dining experience, there just is not enough space in there I was elbow to elbow with people I didn't know and it was pretty loud they need a bigger location they really are doing fried chicken right :) I was overall really happy I won't be returning to Popeyes for the rest of my stay in Nola that's for sure this place had a great homecookin flavor!I had a hankering for fried food this afternoon and low-and-behold, there was Chubbies drive thru beckoning to me.  
I've been through a few times and it never fails to deliver large quantities of deep fried goodness.  The chicken is great.  The shrimp and fish is all you can hope for.  The fries completely suck - greasy, mushy, and just gross.  
They had a gumbo special today, which my three-year-old ordered and I ate, which was really good - very smoky flavor with chicken and sausage over rice.  
They tend to be slow as they make the food to order, but worth the wait as there's absolutely no other option in this part of town.Delicious chicken and po boys. I've been eating at Chubbies for over  33 years and still crave it all the time. Very tasty and good sized fried chicken. Good dirty rice. Best roast beef Poboy and oyster Poboy you will ever taste. Great fried seafood. One of the best hot sausage Poboys in the city. Reasonable prices. Designed mostly for take out. Small dining area and no bathroom. Overall very good food.I went late afternoon during the week & there were 2 cars ahead of me in line. Ordering was pretty simple. I ordered the 3 piece dinner, all thighs, with red beans, came out to $7 and some change. I wanted potato salad but they were out. The first car was out pretty quickly, but the car in front of me -- who knows what she ordered but it did take 5+ minutes. When I got to the window my food was ready immediately. The lady didn't say much, just stuck her hand out the window for the money & I thought, "well damn". The second lady handed me my plate and I was completely surprised at just how heavy it was! It's much more food than chains in the area and several dollars cheaper.
The chicken was light & crispy, not greasy at all. It's seasoned ok, but as other people mentioned, there isn't much of a kick to it, if any at all. Still, it's really good. It tastes more homemade that Popeyes, kfc, etc. so I definitely appreciate that. The red beans were good; thick & creamy. I didn't have much sausage in mine though. 
I'm pleased with my first trip to Chubbies and I will definitely be back..Great fried chicken.  It is basically a drive thru with a few tables inside. We checked it out based on word of mouth and we were impressed with the food and pricing. The chicken was juicy , crispy and well seasoned.  Red beans and rice really good. Biscuits also very good. Yummy placeThe fried chicken is the best on the Westbank. It is always nice and hot, and the crust is light and crispy. I have had some great sandwiches there as well.My only complaint is that the drive thru is usually very busy. it is best to go inside.Glad I bought a home around the corner from this treasure. Maybe not good for the waistline, but so what. Not open on the weekends, but alot of goodness is served during the week days. It's all about quality and that's Chubbies. 
Thanks neighborI recently discovered this gem a few weeks ago. The chicken seems to always be freshly fried every time. I don't mind the wait in fact I like that aspect of it. I go inside, place my order, and sit down and wait my 15 minutes to get my delicious bash of chicken or shrimp. Yes their shrimp is very solid too. Their red beans and rice is very good (the portion is big enough for two adults). Their biscuits are very good too. 
The only thing I don't like about this place is that they are closed on the weekends. These guys get so much business crammed into their tiny 11am-7pm weekday window I'm shocked that they haven't expanded their hours. Also their $10 minimum credit card requirement is kind of old school but I guess that just gives me an excuse to order more food for left overs. Their 5 Piece Mixed daily special is a good deal. 
I haven't even tried any of their daily lunch special plates yet because I'm stuck on the chicken crave.I have never been here when they weren't dropping fresh chicken for my order. Always hot and always delicious!Ok so I have lived less than five minutes from this place for the past four years and yesterday was my first time going here.I have always seen long lines in the drive through but didn't think anything of it. However this place is one of the best kept secrets of the Westbank! I ordered the wings and red beans and rice, and let me just tell you the chicken is the bomb.com, .org, .edu! You must try it, just remember that they are only open Monday thru Friday and you can only use your debit card on purchases of $10.00 or more. They also have great customer service and are pretty fast considering how many people frequent this place.This place looks so small and not a place where you would usually stop but they have the BEST chicken and fried shrimp in the city! Don't really care for their sides.Chubbies has some pretty good bird but it's greasy.  Been there once and got a 4-piece and some mashed taters.  2 pieces was plenty of food but I did feel kind of queezy a few hours later.  Service was exactly what you'd expect looking at the place. Will have to try Chub's again though since it's close by and a New Orleans real-deal kind of place.The BEST fried chicken!!! Yummy! Perfect in every way. Great homemade onion rings too.  Great fried shrimp poboy!! Also in the spring they boil crawfish - excellent!  Just watch their hours - better get in early if you want dinner and they are closed Sat and Sun.Been eating here since was a kid,prefer Chubbies over any other mainstream chicken stop. 
You get great food (a lot of food) for a good price,has never let my taste buds and tummy down so far. The only complaint is that they are slow,but it's worth the wait and it gives you time to build more of an appetite for all that food!Great chicken. Perfect spicing. Red beans very good. Great food in a fast food setting.Possibly the best shrimp poboys in town, seriously.
FIRST: they are too slow to really be fast food.  They have a drive through, but they really shouldn't because orders take several minutes to prepare, and some (like shrimp poboys) can take 10-15 minutes.  The GOOD NEWS, however, is that they make everything fresh, and the poboys show it.  SOLUTION: CALL AHEAD!  Just place your order on the way there and walk in (don't take the drive through, the person ahead of you probably didn't call).  Tell them you called in and they'll get right to you.  You'll be happier with the whole experience and get to enjoy some great food.
The chicken looks delicious, but I couldn't say for sure because I've never gotten past the amazing poboys:
Light, fresh french bread, tears perfectly... not chewy or tough like so many others.  Perfectly fried, crisp shrimp, and generous portions of fresh sliced lettuce and tomato, all slathered with the perfect amount of mayo (the place is not called Skinny's). 
They do have tables, and the place is generally clean, but it's really more of a take-out joint and that's how I recommend it.  Grab a poboy and some potato salad or fries, head back to the porch at home (be sure to sit outside on a nice spring day for full effect), add a little spicy remoulade or your favorite hot sauce, crack a cold soda, and enjoy some amazing New Orleans goodness.Probably the closet thing to your grandmas fried chicken. The wait time is a little long but it's worth it.My first time here. I felt like I went back in time when I first entered the place. But anyway I received my food and took it back to my truck. It smelled so good I started eating right there in the parking lot. The chicken was fresh and seasoned well. The white beans were delicious and the biscuit soft and fluffy. Will most def visit again.How I love Chubbies let me count the pounds I gain! This is what popeyes used to be like when I was growing up. Everything is ALWAYS fresh. Onion rings are hand made and not some pre-frozen crap. They have some strange hours so sometimes I have to plan my day around when can I get chubbies. I made the mistake of bringing my fiance here and he is hooked. Everytime we come home (work out in the land of health nuts in Cali) he wants his chubbies chicken fix.Chubbies has been making the westbank chubbier for years. This small store is much more than just fried chicken. In fact, I don't know if I have ever had their chicken.
What I have had here has been the shrimp po-boy, chicken po-boy and shrimp salad. All were very good. The po-boys use the proper bread and are loaded with shrimp or your choice of toppings.
The shrimp salad comes either fried or grilled, but both are good.
This place is far from fancy, and does get very crowded. I recommend avoiding the drive thru unless you like a long wait. If they answer the phone, I would call ahead and order.
The staff is friendly and does a good job taking and delivering your order. Pay attention to your number when you order. You will need to listen when they yell it out.
Enjoy.I had the 3 piece with red beans and sweet tea. Chicken was hot, juicy, and dripping with flavor... and the beans were so good with rice and chunks of sausage. Top it off with a biscuit and BAM! A very tasty lunch.I've eaten at Chubbie's since I was a teenager. After Katrina, I moved away but dreamed of thise hot fresh biscuits Mr. Gary made. Upon returning to New Orleans, I made a beeline for my teen delight and the first bite of biscuit made me want to cry. It was even better than I remembered. The chicken was hot and juicy and everything I coyld have wanted. Over the past 5 years I have branched out to the hamburger po-boy (dressed of course) and the muffaletta. Omg, he muffaletta is to DIE for. Perfect balance of crisp bun, hot meat, melted cheese and olive salad. 
I have never been disappointed in Chubbie's (except they're closed on weekends)It's an old, stand alone bldg with a drive thru window and few employees. Inside there are maybe 4 tables. It was busy when I went on a Tuesday afternoon. 
THE FOOD:
I ordered a 4 piece with fries and a biscuit.
Great fried chicken, a bit spicy, well made. It's super hot, right out of the fryer. Crunchy skin, tasty batter. 
Also got a biscuit which was awesome!
French fries were so-so. They're those large ones that stay limp and don't crisp up. 
It's good stuff!Wonderful, friendly service!  Great fried chicken!  So glad to have this in my neighborhood!The chicken was fresh, delicious and cheap. I would definitely revisit if I were in the area and craved chicken. I ordered the wing and a biscuit and it was less than 2 bucks! They are a great option if you want some fresh fried chicken. Prepare to wait though, it seems that EVERYONE loves this place!So far, I've had their shrimp and roast beef po-boy and both lived up to any I have had anywhere else in New Orleans. For it being out of the way for most, there is almost always a line.I dream about the biscuits every night. If they sold nothing but biscuits it would be worth the trip, but the chicken is fantastic too. The breading has a slight hint of spice, not as much as Popeye's but enough to know it's there. They make everything fresh, so be prepared for a wait, but it is absolutely worth it. Also, there are tables but it's really more of a takeout place. They would get five stars if they were open later or on the weekends. Make it work, you won't regret it.Their chicken is pretty average, really nothing worth writing home about. Reminds me a lot of Church's or the chicken at Golden Corral. Sides aren't too great, but the biscuits and onion rings are pretty solid.Gotta give em' 4 stars. I only got a piece of chicken and a biscuit. Both were good. The chicken was hot, fresh, and tasty. It put me in the mind of a Church's Chicken with the crust even though I very rarely eat Churchs. No knock on Churchs, I love me some Popeyes baby. I like the fact that you can buy a one-piece here. I must say, they do good fried chicken, didn't try any sides though. Had no idea it was wayyyyy on the Westbank either, in Algiers I believe. Staff was friendly.I have eaten at this place since I was a child hands down the best and most consistent quality of food you could ask for. I love this place and don't know what I would do without it. best fried shrimp you can find in the city.It's nothing special. I decided to try this place after reading the NOLA.com search for good fried chicken. I was working nearby and decided to go for broke. I had to make a purchase of $10.00 if I'm using a credit/debit card...yea. Drink selection was a pretty good size for being a small drink. Tried the small gumbo since I had to get up to $10.00. That was mediocre as the spice in their chicken. And the fries....please. There bland and horrible. Overall, it's nothing special.One of the best traditional American fried chicken I've ever had.  Good spice/flavor, crunchy, and perfectly fried.  4 pieces with side and biscuit/roll for under $10...worth every penny.  Friendly and efficient drive through service though hard to hear.  $10 min for credit card and $1 fee.Chubbies, well all I can say. GREAT! We were lucky to move around the corner frm them. Outstanding fried chicken. Made as you ordered, not held under heat lamps. I mean fresh out of the fryer. They also have a killer muffaleta egual to Central Grocery in the Vieux Carre. OK , I've read the posts about the sides being sub par, but I guess I'm just not that picky.
I don't go to Chubbies for potato salad. All I can say, Best kept secret on the west bank!Best chicken joint in the city period
I go from house to house daily across the metro 
From shrimp to salads best dollar for dollar spent on eating fastGreat chicken and biscuit as always. Fries are usually soggy as they were this time. $1 fee for swiping a card, but no more $10 minimum for cardsThe best fried chicken in NOLA or at least the Westbank. People line right up for this place and they can sling the food. Their chicken is the best I've had and they have the oft times hard to find livers and gizzards.  Their sides are good and their biscuits....well they are dangerous. I get an extra half dozen biscuits to share or make for the next days breakfast. The price is right the portions are right and the people are friendly. Get ya some.Chubbie's is a hole in the wall. When Popeye's isn't around, it's a good alternative. Fried chicken had good flavor but slightly too salty for me. Rice dressing (dirty rice) and mashed potatoes tasted average and didn't amaze me. I like that they also offer lunch plates, which I'll definitely try another day. As for the chicken, I prefer Popeye's for sure. The biscuits aren't as dry though so that's a plus! Fries were pretty damn good as well. What I didn't like most about this place was the smell when you walked in (wet socks? Gas station restroom? Wet nastiness!) and the ceiling was dripping water and that water got on me! I'm getting nauseated just thinking about it.This was a really tough call, but I think I'm going to go with three stars on this one.
All this talk about the best fried chicken in New Orleans got my inner fat kid hungry, and since one of the candidates is located right in Algiers, I decided to head over and try it for myself. Now, when you go to Chubbie's don't expect bells and whistles. It's just a small store with a few tables where you walk up to order and wait a few minutes for your food to be ready. Yes, it's an old Popeyes that has been converted into another chicken place.
I went in for lunch and placed an order for a two piece white with potato salad, a drink and a biscuit. There wasn't much of a crowd, so there wasn't much of a wait. When my food came out, I was delighted at how crispy the chicken looked. There was seriously a thick layer of crust on the breast, the likes of which I rarely see. As I dug into the chicken, I noticed that it was perfectly cooked to tender perfection. The meat fell off of the bone and there was plenty of it.  The skin was light and crispy and practically melted in my mouth.  My only real complaint with the chicken was that there was no spice added to it. I like my fried chicken to have a bit of a kick (I am a Southern girl, after all) and this chicken had no kick at all. It was without a kick.
Also, the potato salad tasted store bought. I apologize right now if it wasn't. Maybe I am super picky when it comes to potato salad, because I've had the homemade stuff. While it was good, I think I will opt for the mashed potatoes next time.  
All in all, for a little over $6, my meal was good and I enjoyed it, I left Chubbie's satisfied and promising myself that I would eat healthy for the rest of the week. I wouldn't hesitate to return to Chubbie's with a bottle of hot sauce in tow.
If chicken isn't your thing, Chubbie's has daily hot plate specials as well as poboys, burgers, salads and other sandwiches. They even have a drive thru!I can't stand when people rush you in the drive thru when placing an order. Then when you correct them at the window they get mad and have an attitude with you. However the food was good and freshBest place on the Westbank to get chicken. I been going here for years and this restaurant never disappoints food is always hot and fresh. I love Chubbies chicken!! I would suggest anyone to give them a try and I bet you will come back for more even if you have to drive across the river it's worth the drive.There chicken is on point. I have never been disappointed in this place. The only drawback is the long line in the drive-thru. But it is worth the wait.Wanted to add my experience with Chubbies.  I grew up in Algiers and once this place changed from Sunrise Chicken to Chubbies, the quality increased big time!
If you haven't, please try the roast beef Poboy!   I used to get this for my late Father, roast beef, Swiss, mayo and tomato only.  They got it right everytime.  And it was easily a 4" stack of napkins...super messy.  
The rest is good there but if your feeling like a roast beef, give Chubbies a try!!My absolute, hands down, FAVORITE local fried chicken spot! Their chicken is insanely flavorful and their onion rings are the very best I've ever had in my life. 
As someone who, unfortunately, was a frequent Popeyes flyer, I have to say that I'll never go to another chicken chain if I don't have to after discovering Chubbie's. This place puts Popeyes to shame and there's nothing better than supporting a local business than a massive corporation with crappy product. 
My only gripe is that they aren't open more often! Their hours are quite limited and it seriously bums us out when we won't make it there after school/work during the week because they close at 4pm. But, we can deal. If anything, that just speaks to how much we love this place... we plan our days (when we plan to have chicken for lunch/dinner) around when Chubbie's is open. 
Highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend!Been ordering from here since i was a kid  the chubby burger is so huge and delicious. The chicken is delicious as wellThe chicken is on the level with Popeyes. The biscuits taste like homemade. Be ready to wait in a long line just like Popeyes.I've seen this place once or twice, being not froom the area or familiar with it...I drove past without stopping....well today I  stopped and it was the best decision I made!  I  went safe and got the shrimp poboy and onion rings.  Let me jussi say that the shrimp were fresh and battered and fried to perfection.  The onion rings  home made and delicious.  The poboy had a lot of mayo  which is perfect for me.  Usually when I ask to have ketchup  added it's always so skimpy but not here- my sandwich was perfect, I  didn't have to add anything.
If I have one negative thing to  say I would have liked to be able to order a small poboy but the  either have it on bun or an 8 inch.
I can't wait to go back and try the daily specials, the chicken and other items.No joke , probably the best roast beef po-boy I've  ever eaten.
What a little gem of place.I love this place ,I come all the way from Little woods for the chicken,red beans,and the onion ringsChicken is always hot and fresh! Taste like someone purchased Popeyes mild chicken and reselling it!If you think your local fast food chicken spot is a contender, you have never been to Chubbie's. This place puts the smack down on just about any chicken place you've tried. I've tried plenty myself, but nothing compares to this literal mom and pop chicken joint. 
Set in the heart if the Westbank, Chubbie's is nothing much to look at from the outside, and the dining hall only fits roughly a dozen people. The lines are always long during lunchtime, but magically they move fast. If you're lucky you might get a seat. 
None of those things will matter when you get your food. If you don't make the cut for a seat, I guarantee nobody will judge you for sitting in the car to feast. Their chicken is AMAZING! It's flavored to perfection and super crispy. You can also get a great deal on a chicken box, if you want to feed the family or friends. Their chicken sandwich is the bomb too, and they never run out, like that other subpar fast food joint. ;)
The sides are dynamite, and they have great daily specials, seafood poboys and an extensive menu aside from just chicken. Perhaps my favorite item on the menu is their delicious and flaky biscuit. It is so buttery and fluffy. We drive there just to get two dozen biscuits, to keep in the freezer for breakfast and snacking. I love this place. I am so grateful to live only 8 minutes away!There is no better fried chicken in this city or in any other city in the US. Always good, always fresh, and  seemingly the chicken pieces are slightly larger than all the other chicken places in the city.  I only wish they stayed open a little longer in the late afternoon.
After you taste Chubbies you will be hooked forever.This the real deal.l lived in neighborhood for over 10 years before l gave it try. I lost 10 good years. This place rocks with quality and price.Sorry, I may be too much of a health nut but I just don't like the chicken or anything else here. Everything here is too greasy and fatty. I guess that's why I don't like the taste of anything here. The biscuits are soaked in grease. The mashed potatoes don't taste so bad, but the gravy has a very thick fatty texture. I'd rather Popeyes or KFC.Quite simply, Chubbies exemplifies the fried chicken archetype!
The crust on the chicken is appropriately salted, the batter fairly neutral, and the meat very moist (even on the breasts). I've done their drivevthrough 6 or so times in the last year, and it never fails me, but sometimes makes me wait! 
I've got a habit of showing up around 6:15 in the evening which is 15 minutes before closing time. About half the time they need to fry up some new pieces to complete my 9-piece box for $11.99, but it ain't a problem. You wait your extra 15 or so minutes, and out comes some perfectly cooked fried chicken. Crispy, crunchy, and certainly not too greasy... well, it is fried chicken, so greasy comes with the territory.
If reliable and flavorful (but not spicy) chicken and other sides are what you desire, swing by Chubbies. I'm not the world's most patient person, but its become a fun ritual of sorts to pick up grub from the Chubb.The food is good but the owner is a real piece if crap he talks down to his employees.One of these days one of them are going to knock your ass out lol.He watches every move they make and never cracks a smile.Zero customer service or customer appreciation.Options for decent food are so slim over on the Westbank makes me happy to go home to the Eastbank everyday.Ok, here is my issue, the food is awesome.  But the atmosphere is crap.  The dining area is small, which would be fine, but the environment is not friendly at all.  The people who I can only assume are the owners were not friendly to us, and they yelled at at least one of their employees in front of myself and several other customers.  One employee dropped something and it broke and she looked terrified because she knew they were going to be angry.  It was a 50 cent bottle of hot sauce.  I have no complaints about the food, but the way the owners or managers treat the employees puts me off enough that I don't wish to return there.  I have worked in the service industry for a very long time, and have had some less than desirable bosses, but none that resorted to YELLING at an employee in front of paying customers.  It made me extremely uncomfortable to witness such a thing.  Being from Algiers, I have eaten there a number of times, and it seems that the owners/managers treat most of their employees that way.  Everyone else there is very nice, but the owner/manager seems to make it an uncomfortable, hostile environment to be in.Chubbie's is one of our favorite spots to stop for PO Boys and chicken. There shrimp Poboys is the best! This has been a family stop for years and it will continue to be.Better than average fried chicken and definitely much better than gas station fried chicken (I'm talking about you Brothers). I got the three piece (breast, thigh and wing) with red beans and rice.  Definitely enough food for lunch.  Chicken skin was light and airy not heavy and breaded.  This chicken leans towards the light spicy side so if you're sensitive to that beware.  As far as I know they don't offer a non spicy version.  I was pleasantly surprised that the whole bottom of the styrofoam plate was red beans and rice (not a small side container).  Red beans tasted like genuine New Orleans style red beans.  That being said Chubbie's passes the taste test.
The ambiance of the place or lack thereof is another thing all together.  The restaurant barely qualifies as a dine in establishment.  There are only six small tables and twelve chairs.  I didn't know it but I sat next to the trash receptacle so I had everyone brushing past me to empty their tray in the slot.  I looked around there really wasn't any room to put it anywhere else.  This place was obviously one of the first Popeyes Fried Chicken restaurants which did not have seating to begin with.   Yes I'll be back but I'll probably get take out.I really enjoyed this place. Westbank does not have much food options compared to other areas in the parish. Their service is great and super friendly. I placed a phone order to pick up at 5:40 and it was right on time. Their lobby is still closed but someone will unlock the doors for you if you walk in to pick up. I saw that there is a really convenient drive thru order system. When you walk inside, the prep area appeared to be very neat and tidy. There was not an old oil smell or any sticky oily feeling when you walk in. That is always a good sign. 
I got home and my chicken was still hot and crispy. The portions of the sides and chicken were really generous. 12 piece with two large sides and 6 biscuits for 25.99 plus tax? I'd much rather take the drive there to pick  than order at Popeyes down the street from my house. 
Can we also talk about how good the sides were?! The red beans and rice and the buttered biscuits were really yummy. You could really  taste the love put into it. The only day they open til 6 are Fridays. Tuesday to Thursday, they open until 5, I think. Looks like Chubbies Fried Chicken Fridays at my house. :)My friends wanted some local food and this place grasped our eyes every time we passed by it.
FOOD//
I'm from TX; so, fried chicken is always a thing everywhere. I found this place better than the usual fried chicken places I went to in Texas. I fell in love with the french fries more than anyone, to be honest. My friends had banh mi and gumbo and they said it was pretty good. Banh Mi's french bread, heard it was not toasted but just a bread. Overall, filling of meat to vegetables ratio was perfect w/ the sauce. Gumbo was a bit salty to our taste.
ATMOSPHERE//
Just gave a usual fried chicken restaurant. we met a gentleman named Santa - #Nice people gets presents, right?
SERVICE//
We went at the opening time; so, few things were not set 100%. not complaining since i got my food. Could keep few things more clean b/c I found them oily and felt little disgusting.
SURROUNDINGS//
Local neighborhood.Wow! Not only was the chicken good... the onion rings are crispy and delicious BUT the biscuit is to DIE FOR! only it's like a crack biscuit! 
I had never been and my boyfriend has been wanting to try it for a very long while, he's the fried chicken fiend out of the two of us. He loved it and so did I do we have a new chicken stop when we have time to go to AG. 
The chicken is hot crispy and juicy! I really want to try some of the hot plate daily specials too! Keeping them bookmarked so I will have a reminder to go back!After all the hoop la about Chubbies Chicken in seaching for the best fried chicken in New Orleans, I decided to take a ride from St. Rose to Algiers and grab some lunch.  Just as everyone says, its a quaint little place ducked off if you don't know where you are going, as I didn't.  Upon finding the place,  I look at the menu and decide on the 2 piece special with a side and a drink for $4.79 + tax.  Well, the young lady mentioned she could not take my order, as the bill must be a minimum of $10 to use my debit card.  I even asked if they charge the $.50 fee for not meeting the minimum amount.  She stated she can't even run the card. (SIDE NOTE: THEY DON'T HAVE AN ATM).  I left looking for a bank to go to the ATM, but realized I was back on General de Gaulle headed toward the CCC.  I was furious and disappointed.  I believe this should be listed on the website because I looked at the site, they stated they take credit/debit cards, but failed to mention the minimum.  Sad to say Chubbies has left a sour taste in my mouth.5 for the chicken, 2 for the sides 3.5 overall.
Dear Chubbies, 
You have some of the best fried chicken and livers I've ever had the pleasure of eating. And as the eating superhero Fatman, I do love some good fried chicken. Your chicken reminds me of what KFC was in the 70s before every ingredient turned into a chemical. It's crispy, juicy, and the flavor isn't just in the skin, it's "Deep Down Delicious(tm)". 
Your sides, sadly, usually leave a lot to be desired. It's like you know how amazing your chicken is so everything else is an after-thought.  The onion rings have no spice, the potato salad is kind of a sad joke and the fries are soggier than Aquaman's jock strap. 
You can do much better.
Except for those biscuits, of course. You should probably register them as sex offenders because every time I eat one, it touches me in my naughty parts.
But please do yourself, and all of us who love you, a major favor,  Work on your side dishes.
Oh, and please get with your drive through employees and tell them to calm the crap down. They rush you so fast you can't even get time to come up with your order. And if you ask for a second, they will leave you waiting for 10 minutes without coming back to you. Seriously, we were getting honked at for not pulling up but the entire time, we were waiting for the girl to come back and take our order.
After all that waiting, we still ended up waiting in the drive through an additional 15 minutes before getting our food.I can't believe I live five minutes away and haven't tried this place out! Back in high school, my friends would rave about this place having some of the best chicken. Now some years later, I came here around 3 o'clock on a Wednesday to finally get my fix. I ordered at the drive thru and it came pretty fast. Everything smelled so good in the car and was hot when i got home. I got a 9 piece dark box, half a dozen biscuits, and a large mashed potato. The chicken was piping hot and really juicy. I'm a big biscuit fan and their biscuits were some of the best I've had. They were buttery and won't leave you gasping for air like popeyes. They mashed potatoes were pretty good also. My dads a popeyes fan but now we might convert to chubbies! Definitely will be coming back for more. Support local businesses!I've gone to Chubbies Fried Chicken since I was a wee tike growing up on the Westbank. This was my first experience with eating fried chicken in New Orleans and it definitely ranks up there as my favorite. Next to Popeyes, Chubbies has some of the best fried chicken you'll ever have. The pieces are thick and juicy and they don't short change you when it comes to your order. If they have to fry up a fresh batch of chicken for you, they will. Their po-boys are also amazing. If you go, try their overstuffed shrimp po-boy dressed. Big shrimp are practically falling out as you take the first bite! 
The only thing I will say is that if you decide to go in the drive thru, be prepared for a wait. Growing up in the Westbank, it's almost a guarantee that if you're making an unexpected trip to Chubbies, you'll be waiting in the drive thru for a bit. But trust me when I say the wait is worth it! 
Love me some Chubbies!!-1 star for service at the drive-thru.  The speaker system was awful, which compounded the difficulty communicating with the employee on the other end.  As a result, I got  (and paid for) a large order of onion rings instead of a small.  Also got all dark when I had ordered mixed. At the window, she handed me the bag of food and closed her window without giving me a drink.  Had to flag her down to ask for my drink and some ketchup packs.  On the positive side, the chicken was good, though I can only speak for the dark meat since I didn't have the opportunity to sample the white meat.  Mashed potatoes seemed to be real, not from a box and the gravy that came with them was amazing.  Onion rings were above average, and had a hint of spice.  I have plenty left over if anyone wants to try them.  One more plus: Every time I dine on the West Bank, I appreciate the Northshore even more.TIP: $10 minimum if paying by credit card. And if you're getting a to-go order, they don't automatically include napkins so be sure to ask for them if you need them. 
This chicken is so freakin' good it should be illegal. Just... WOW. BEST fried chicken I've ever had, anywhere, in my entire life. Yes, it really is that good. It is WELL worth driving a little ways out of down town for! 
This chicken is incredibly juicy with a savory and totally flavorful taste in the meat, while still being extra crispy and crunchy in the skin/coating. It is not at all greasy. The seasoning is super unique, and just the perfect amount of salty. The skin does not all slide off, so you can enjoy the skin/coating bite by bite instead of it all coming off at once. 
The red beans and rice was among the best we had in NOLA. 
If I HAD to find something to knock, the biscuits were a little bit heavy on the butter, but... That's hardly a complaint. 
This place freakin' rocks, and was a steal of a deal. 
GO TRY THIS CHICKEN! You won't regret it. Except that it'll ruin all other fried chicken for you, forever.THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN THE STATE OF LOUISIANA. My favorite biscuit of all time! This place is always packed. Wait times can be long, but I've never felt like it wasn't worth it! The chicken has the perfect amount of spice and crunch. The biscuit is buttery and soft. I get sad when I finish it. It's definitely worth getting an extra. I also love their chicken tenders. They're huge and juicy. Not a fan of the 2 sauce options they have which are bbq and honey mustard. I used to love going on fridays when the shrimp etouffee is served! I also like their hamburger steak. This is a hidden gem. They're an old Popeyes location so they even have a drive thru. I will forever wish they were open on weekends since I don't live in the area anymore. I can't imagine disliking anything from here. Go ahead and change your life and check it out.