Living in the neighborhood, I had suspicious about this place as their neighbors on each side are always packed, and Cibugnu is often empty. 
Let me start by saying the food was OK - not the best, but certainly decent. 
My reason for a 2 start review was due to service. To start, when I went to order wine by the glass, they were out of my first two selections (they maybe sell 4 wines by the glass). The waitress told me that I should opt for an alternative, that was approximately $6 more by the glass. I should have asked, but I assumed she would have charged me the lower price considering they were out of the wine I requested. It was kind of tacky - not the diners fault your lower price point items are out of stock, if anything she should have been upfront about this when we told her we'd be drinking wine by the glass that evening. 
secondly, I was on the phone describing to my sister where the restaurant was so she could meet us, and the waitress overheard me (mis)pronouncing the restaurant name - and she walked over to me, and correctly pronounced the name in my ear (while i was on the phone!). I think she was trying to be helpful, but it was extremely rude and awkward. Who wants their waitress whispering in their ear while they are on the phone? It also came across as condescending. She should have stopped by later and informed me on the correct pronunciation.
overall, the experience just gave me a bad vibe, especially when there is another Italian spot right next door. pass.We loved this place!!!  If you haven't tried Cibugnu yet, you totally should.  It's really special.
We were in town for a conference this week & didn't feel like dealing with the French Quarter for getting good food.  We decided to have dinner somewhere near our hotel & found this place by accident.  (Checked out the very popular Herbsaint next door, but decided it was too crowded, too scene-y & not veggie-friendly enough.) 
In contrast, Cibugnu had a laid-back vibe, friendly service, and -- it turned out -- awesome, thoughtfully-prepared food!    We loved our Campari cocktail, the beet salad, the pizza Norma, and a veggie ravioli with corn and blueberries.  Creative cooking with a down home feeling.  The home-made focaccia reminded me of my grandmother's bread.  The servers were helpful and pleasant.
And yes, they only have 1 red and 1 white wine by the glass, but we sampled each & they were great!  (We figure if you're happy drinking wine by the glass... then 1 good option is really all that you need.  And if your taste in wine is so refined that you need a bigger selection...then order a bottle!  It's NOLA, so you can always take the rest of your unfinished bottle home with you, right?)
Anyway, we loved this place SO much, that we came back the following evening for dinner, and were JUST as happy the 2nd time around as we were the 1st.  The chef ended up whipping up some special veggie items for us.  And we ended with the panna cotta, which may be the best we've ever had.
Seriously, this place was AWESOME!  Tomorrow's our last night in New Orleans, but we may end up coming back here for a 3rd dinner, just because we are so in love with the food and service here!I was very disappointed with the "birthday dinner" I had there.  The food was just mediocre & uninspiring.  There were no vegetable served with my entree & when I asked for some, they were such a small amount & too salty to eat.
In addition, the many TV screens there were blaring with very loud sports ( & it was after the Saints game too)  An unpleasant atmosphere for a Sicilian dinner.
All in all, a very unhappy birthday experience.We have eaten at Cibugnu numerous times and each time it gets better and better. Being originally from Chicago, we look for authentic Italian food; with Cibugnu we get authentic and more. The bruschetta with roasted tomatoes is stunning, the pizza's are spot on, cocktails generous, homemade pasta's are excellent, and the gelato and calzones are perfect.Excellent food. It offers nice salads, appetizers, main courses and sides. All were prepared with a flare that made every dish we tried, especially flavorful. The service was really good too.Finally a true "Sicilian" resturant.The homemade pastas melt in your mouth.The menu is fresh and innovative.The staff are personable and very welcoming.I look forward to my next trip! DELIZIOSO!!After eating at many French Quarter/Bywater/Warehouse District restaurants based on reviews. Cibugnù far exceeded the Yelp, Chowhound and Open Table reviews!  We started with the Proseco and cheese and salami platters.  Each cheese had an accompaniment such as honey, black pepper, pear or quince paste, etc, the bread is broken, thick cut, oven roasted with olive oil.  Meats were awesome!  The special pasta is Stracci which is a randomly cut ribbon with lamb, truffle, and ricotta salata ragu. Amazing!  The pappardelle was perfect.  The special vegetarian pasta with triangle tubes and celery root was scrumptious.  All of the pastas are home made, and perfectly cooked.  My husband had cappricossa pizza, which although was different from what I am used to had several medium cooked eggs, prosciutto artichoke etc but a ton of toppings.  The wood fired crust could have used s touch of salt  but it had a good texture/bite/ chew!  We were too full to try dessert. Our waiter Ken was super nice and gave thorough descriptions of the dishes.  Also the two restaurants on either side were busier but there is no way their food was better.  Thoroughly satisfied and we would definitely come back when we come to NOLA again.Made a reservation via Opentable Friday, 8/16 in the AM for 6 at 7pm.  Showed up and the place was shut down; the lights were out, no sign on the door or anything.  No one answered the phone and the message on the VM was still for Leonardo Trattoria. Watched several other groups show up and leave just as confused as we were.This restaurant is the best kept Italian secret in the Warehouse District of New Orleans.  Hillary greets you with a warm smile and endless knowledge about their menu and fine wines.  Fresh is an understatement, when it comes to the farm to fork menu! The entrees are to die for and fresh octopus and black eyed peas, WOW! What a contemporary, wonderful spin on italian food!  Chef Nick is amazing! Whether it be a night out with the kids for unbelievable pizza and yummy HOMEMADE gelato, or date night with wine and HOMEMADE pasta, this is a place that is definitely worth a visit!!One of the best Italian meals I have had outside of Italy.  Great knowledgeable staff and recommendations.  A little off the French quarter, but well worth the extra walk.  Highly recommended!CBD Italian gem! The food and service is amazing!  Everything is super fresh, seasonal and delicious. The sidewalk patio is perfect for the cooler evenings. We enjoyed the crudo, wood-fired shrimp and fried calamari. The cream corn pizza and elicoidali pasta were out of this world delicious! For dessert, I highly recommend the homemade pistachio gelato! Will certainly be back soon!Quite possibly some of the best Italian food I've ever had.  (Better in fact than several dining spots in Italy, New York, London and San Francisco.)
The pasta dishes were amazing.  It's rare to find house-made pastas beyond ribbon or string shapes.  These guys were knocking out gemelli and orecchiette like my nonna.  And it was beautifully cooked.  
I was especially impressed by the authenticity of the cuisine.  
If I could offer any criticism, it would be the service needs refinement, and the portions could stand to be a bit larger.  (Or maybe offer an appetizer size and  entree size portions of certain items like pasta and salads.)  
In respect to the service, the two times I've eaten there, I've felt the waitstaff needed to be a bit more savvy about the menu items.  And, the efficiency could have been improved upon.  (Re-filling water glasses, clearing the table before bringing the next course, bringing the appropriate silver ware before the plate arrives at the table, et cetera...)
But, all in all, I would highly recommend a trip to Cibugnu!  I wish I were in New Orleans more often so I could eat there more often.Delicious homemade pasta and toasted bread.. Great and attentive service. Highly recommend.The squid ink pasta was light and full of flavor. Excellent ricotta and combination of vegetables on the bruschetta. Margherita pizza had the light red tomato sauce with the taste of San Marzano tomatoes I was hoping for (though I wouldn't have minded more basil, but I'm a basil lover). Ended the meal with some of the best gelato I've ever had, all on a comfortable patio. Very pleased with this dining experience!The food is amazing! The menu changes seasonally. I've experienced 2 menu changes and I am amazed and certainly a fan of my new favorite restaurant. If you haven't tried it yet give it a shot! It's a quality farm to table restaurant. Trust me, you will be the opposite of sorry!Overheard that there was a new chef and front of house manager. Everything tonight was outstanding, fresh, delicate and wonderfully presented. Service was informative and attentive but relaxed. Loved the patio seating at sunset as well.Chef Rich knocked it out of the park with my meal .  We started with mussels and calamari, which were both cooked perfectly. The calamari batter was exceptionally seasoned yet light.  My entree was the lobster ravioli which I highly recommend... My experience is that ravioli is easy to screw up , and Cibugnu's was cooked to perfection.  The chef also insisted we try the bruschetta - thank god he did.  He uses some kind of citrus vinegarette that romances your taste buds like a Barry White song on Molly.... It alone is worth the trip.  We wrapped with the apple sorbet and some decadent cream dessert with marscapone that may have given me an out of body experience.  Some of the more harsh reviews are part & parcel with a startup restaurant. I for one look forward to seeing what kind of inventions chef Rich will unleash on our palettes next!After I've been to a restaurant for the first time the only question I ask myself is "would I return again."  The answer is "yes."  The food was great and so was the service.  The restaurant is not large and you definitely need a reservation.  
Food: Let's get to the important part which is the food.  We started out with the calamari.  I really liked it.  It was simple and well done.  It was lightly battered with a little bit of herb and lemon and a side of fresh marinara.  The marinara sauce is cool/room temperature and a little garlicky, but still very delicious.  They also bring you house made bread, which is always a great thing. For drinks, we tried the 709 and the Joseen
We had the Maccheroncelli, which is ground veal and pasta with peas and carrots, and the squid stuffed with house-made sausage and w/polenta that had an amazing scallion pesto garnish.  Even though it didn't look like a lot, the pasta catches up to you.  They were both delicious.  The portions are enough, not huge, which is why you should probably order several courses and split them.  We probably should have split these two.  
We weren't thinking about dessert until we saw what was on the menu - the chocolate/hazlenut calzone (yes folks, basically a Nutella calzone).  It's quite large (standard calzone size) and was quite tasty.  We split it but it was still too much for us. They will be expanding their dessert menu.  Right now they have sorbet and a panna cotta and a couple other things.
Notables:  Swivel chairs at the tables and stemless glassware for all the drinks.  The lighting inside is also kind of darker than one may expect.  
Pros:  Staff and the food.  Our waitress (Paige) was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks and she was super friendly.  
Cons:  Noisy - overly so, even before it was full.  There's a fine line in my opinion with "bustle" and out and out "loud" with regards to a restaurant.  Loud is even fine if you can still hold some sort of conversation and the rest of the chatter is in the background.  However, the acoustics seemed such that I couldn't hear who was sitting next to me because of all the chatter around, in fact, at times, I could hear the conversation a couple of tables over better than who was right next to me, where I had to lean in and read lips.  Possibly some noise dampening measures like foam under the tables, or a canvas hanging that will absorb some of it.  
Overall, we can definitely appreciate the homemade/fresh food and friendly staff.  We are definitely going back.Great pasta dish and it was big enough for 2 meals. The place was relatively quiet and I'm surprised it was. Great customer service. George was excellent. I would recommend this place.GO TO CIBUGNU!  We had the most amazing dining experience!  Food was impeccable and beyond fresh.  We sampled both crudos (amazing) and has a truffled polenta that almost made me cry it was so good.  The salumi board was out of the park. Nicole is one of the coolest bartenders ever.   A five star evening for sure!!!!I really wanted to like this place since I live a block away and there are always empty tables to grab a last-minute bite unlike crowded Herbsaint next door...and now I know why...
Let me start off by saying I am the least picky eater ever. Heck, I eat (and enjoy) hospital cafeteria food every day. I have also never had a bad meal in New Orleans. My boyfriend and I started out with the calamari and caesar salad...both were ok, not terrible. We thought it could only get better with the main dishes, but we were so so wrong. I had the fusilli pasta and he had some pasta with white cream sauce. I honestly had to force myself to eat my pasta because it was that bad. The pasta was dry and had no real sauce, which would be fine except the seasoning and flavors did not go well together. My boyfriend's pasta was slightly better but not great. I'm no chef, but I've definitely whipped up some pasta dishes at home sans recipe that have tasted better than this. Maybe I've been spoiled being raised in San Francisco and also living in DC for a long time, but honestly it's not that hard to mess up Italian food. I'm definitely not an Italian snob. The only reason they get an extra star? The wait staff was pretty attentive and I feel bad they aren't working somewhere with more volume where they could get more tips. 
All in all, would I return? Absolutely not. Next time I'm hungry for dinner I'm walking to Lucky Rooster or Capdeville or I'm going to Rouses for some pre-made food.Chef out of town and short hand staff. Barely able to get thru my apps as we had water to hold us over for 45 minutes. We were served by Hilary who is apparently a management partner. She made it a horrible experience. She was extra rude to the party I was with  and very disrespectful. I am on business in the area and was in company of my firm's Principal. I can't believe she treated us so disrespectful. I lead the charge to leave IMMEDIATELY. Hilary stay out the main floor away from customers because the Resturant business is not for youFood was generally pretty good. Portion size was modest and could have done with a bit more or at least some bread at the table. 
The bruschetta was amazing - such a bold combination of flavours. 
Our pasta could have done with being hotter, it was not very warm but tasted good. As mentioned above the portion was small.
Service was a little slow but we were eager to carry on our evening which always makes for a bad combo.Had a wonderful dining experience here with a group of 6 ranging in age from 28 to 85. Wanted a local restaurant away from the tourist traps in the French Quarter and Cibugnu delivered. Delicious focaccia bread slightly toasted with oilve oil drizzle was wonderful. Salads all organic and fresh. Pastas all homemade and authentic.  Wood fired pizzas excellent as well! We will definitely be back.One of the best eating experiences I've had in New Orleans. 
Things I loved: 
Excellent drinks
Extremely attentive and personable staff
CORN RAVIOLI with the blueberries and cream sauce: I dream of it. One of the best dishes I've ever had. 
Bruschetta-such a great take on the dish. Delicious combinations. I've had two versions of bruschetta here- one more traditional and one with the blueberries, both terrific. 
They had a corn pizza, I'm not sure if it is still on the menu but UGH it was tremendously good. 
I haven't been in a few months and I believe they have updated the menu, but that doesn't change the deliciousness or quality of the restaurant. Such attention to detail, each dish is executed with care. They are just really on point. 
Overall, just a really great dining experience. I wish I could go more often!If you think Olive Garden is real Italian food, please don't read this review.
Despite the reviews of bad service, a friend and I made reservations for dinner. Upon arrival we were greeted by our server, Ken, who suggested two excellent wines.  We shared calamari, the salumi granite, and Arancine (stuffed rice balls), and each selection was delicious.  The calamari was lightly fried and served with caper & dill aioli and a marinara.  The meats are cured in house and the thinly sliced selections are served with the house focaccia, which is warm, soft, with a crisp crust, and drizzled with olive oil and sea salt, perfect just as is. The Aracine was also expertly prepared.
For entrees, we shared the Agnolotti, which is sausage stuffed pasta with steamed clams, mussels & shrimp in a savory broth perfect for dipping with the focaccia, and the black truffle risotto with a delicate and creamy texture. 
For dessert, we shared the warm beignets with salted caramel gelato.  No words needed here!
As to the service, well, it was terrific.  And, yes, the food takes longer than Olive Garden, but seriously, anyone who has traveled outside of the U.S. knows that dining is for pleasure, as well as for eating.  Dining is not to be hurried and servers do not hover over you waiting to turn over the table. Our server was delighted to discuss the food, the wine, and the preparation of our dishes.    Food from scratch, means just that, so the wait for food will take longer, because none of it is prepared ahead of time, not even the orders of bread. 
Grazie, Cibugnu!Wow.  Unbelievable. I was blown away by the service, the delectable tastes and combinations. We ordered the chef's choice. The six of us had more excellent food than we knew what to do with. Incredible. The cocktail with the Amaro and egg white was fantastic. Meat and cheese plate is one of my favorites of the evening. Margherita pizza with pork fat was to die for. We were visiting from Portland, and we know good food when we experience it. This was unforgettable.Not your typical New Orleans Italian restaurant! Creative Sicilian inspired food all made in house. The house cured meats are amazing, wood burning oven pizzas are awesome (in particular the one with shrimp and egg on top), hand made pastas are delish (LOVE the corn raviolo with blueberries!) and the bruschetta - focaccia with  goat cheese, blueberries and scallions is delicious. But, the dish not to be missed is the salt baked fish served whole tableside by the chef... Presentation is truly impressive, but it tastes even better! The space is casual, service is really good and the signature cocktails (all made with Italian spirits) are reason alone to go back. Don't miss this fabulous new place!2 stars are generous. First, no discredit to our waiter. He worked his rear off and it is strongly advised that the owner hire more help for the staff. He served drinks, took orders, bussed his own tables and was always nice and chatty. Tip will reflect the work he did, not the quality of this restaurant. Oh and he has mad breakdancing skills so kudos dude. 
Swivel chairs were def a bonus, especially convenient to chat with the other half of our party who had to have their own table.
6:30 reservation, took at least 20 minutes to set up the tables for our party and the bartender could only manage to make a couple gin and tonics while we were waiting and couldn't even make eye contact with the rest of us waiting for some much needed alcoholic assistance.
I'm not going to ramble on about the ridiculous wait for appetizers, water and wine. Our partner table took the liberty of filling their own water and it took us an hour to get just a single glass. Just expect chaos when come here because there's some serious dysfunction in the organization of this restaurant. 
Pappardelle was sent back to the kitchen. Half orders and full orders look to be almost the exact same size.  Pizza - amazing. Stracci looked NOTHING like the photo on yelp and who knows what happened to the truffles that are so heavily advertised. Tasted like a glorified stroganoff. 
Some of us will be going next door to order more food. Sorry, I'm trying to find comic relief in this experience and it comes down to swivel chairs and breakdancing.It was a nice surprise to discover this place right in the CBD/Warehouse.  It was very easy to get a table and the staff were super friendly and treated us great.  The wood fired pizza was the best I've ever had!  I rarely order desserts at restaurants (don't know why) but I had a little taste of my dining companions and ended up placing an order to-go.  I'll definitely be back!!!We were a party of 4.  We had 2 appetizers, salad, pizza, a pasta dish and 2 entrees!
Everything was DELICIOUS!   We also had the homemade  gelato ( 2 huge scoops served with 2 large cookie) EXCELLENT!
Felt like we had a 5 course meal for a VERY reasonable price!
The service was great and our waitress was very knowledgable and friendly. 
Will return soon and I'm telling all my friends about it!!My wife and I went in for dinner last night and it was fantastic! Look people... they put ketchup in their sauce down here so I'm always on the lookout for a good bowl of pasta. These guys have a relatively small menu and thy do everything right.We ordered the salumi plate/grilled peach salad followed by the veal and the oxtail pasta dishes. The pasta is all made in house, and the portions are appropriate. (I've noticed that portion sizes at other upscale Italian restaurants tend to decrease over time until it ceases to satisfy that craving for a bowl of pasta...I will update this review that happens).
For dessert we tried their watermelon granata and they brought out an order of Panna Cotta on the house. The granata was light and refreshing and not overly sweet and the Panna Cotta was out of this world. Very fluffy, light and delicately flavored, this is not that jello-cotta you see at lesser establishments. 
They do have TV's running constantly, however the programming seems to feature a stylized, silent commercial sort of description of their own restaurant's food-preperation. Sort of like having "Blue Planet" on in the background but featuring pasta making, lobster stabbing, meat slicing, etc. Interesting enough, but it's still several TVs constantly running in the background. 
Check 'em out!I don't know how this place will remain open for more than another month. They have again given themselves yet another facelift."  Not working!  " we went to try them again, against my better judgement. It was exactly what I expected. 
I ordered the special of the night, some sort of torn pasta w smoked lamb. About 15 mins later our server returned and asked if we would like to try another type of past because they were out of the special. Keep in mind it was 7:00 and the restaurant opens at 5:30. 
I chose another pasta but prepared The same as the special w the smoked lamb. If there was a half of a teaspoon of lamb in my $26.00 bowl of pasta, I couldn't find it. 
The owner or GM, I'm not sure, was sitting at a table near us along w another table of two. We were all seated outside. He dropped the F bomb at least 3 times and it was obviously offensive to the lady next to us. 
I called today to speak to a manager to give them a little feed back on my experience last night. I as told thst a manager as not in and was asked what did I want. I didn't want to get into it w a random person, So I asked for the name of a manager that I could ask for when I called back. The guy I spoke to would not give me the name of any manager and insisted that I give him my name and number. I did! Guess who called me back?  Thts right, the guy I originally spoke to just a few moments earlier. 
I got nowhere with him. He still would not give me the name of a manager but did invite me back for dinner. NOT HUNGRY FOR CIBUGNU!Great place, the dessert was amazing (canoli with pistacchio gelatto), people is nice although kind of messy go with patience and just have funThis place is now 709 events. We went for Mardi Gras and it was a total scam. The main reason we went was to have grand stand seating for Fat Tuesday. No grandstands, no security, bathrooms that were filthy and missing a toilet seat also open to the public. They advertised Cajun menu but it was three trays of food sitting out with no warming trays and no concern for food safety. Full bar was vodka and tequila. We researched this place and at the time the city was endorsing it! Thankfully that endorsement has been pulled.Believe the reviews you read!  Spent well over $100 here today, the weekend before Mardi Gras. My last trip to the bar, the owner tried to sell me a discount card for $10. I was already expecting this, as my girlfriend had told me about her experience a bit before.  I walk up to the door,  hear about the "discount card" and say,  "great,  I don't need to hear your sales pitch, just sell me the card so I can go buy my drink" The owner then says, "no way" "you've had to much to drink" and won't sell me the card?!?!? What!  I don't want to listen to you flap your lips so I'm not allowed in?!?!? I told him I was going to review him on yelp for this.  He walked away, then the other employees proceed to tell me the owner has plenty of money and isn't concerned with customer service. And this is Mardi Gras! Don't waste your time on this place. I'm sure the employees are great.  I had a very nice conversation with both the bartender and the door man, before the owner reared his ugly head.  If I were reviewing based on that interaction I would have given more stars. But customer service begins at the top, if the owner can't get it right,  due to his own arrogance,  then the employees have nothing to strive for. Don't waste your time.Great meal. Wonderful outdoor table on St. Charles. The fungi pizza and the Brussels sprouts were the best!!This was one of the highlights on our trip to NOLA. The pizzas are incredible! And the Italian wine list was fantastic. We managed to save room for the dessert calzone. I was in heaven!!! The staff went out of their way to make our dining experience memorable. 
If we ever gets chance to return, I'll head here 1stI found Cibugnu by googling "fresh pasta New Orleans" and was exited by the yelp reviews, but I was not at all impressed.  The cocktails were weak and way to sweet.  The fresh ravioli were not bad, but the portion was super tiny (and I'm not a fan of big portions).  The pizza was only ok, but all of the crust was burned.  I'm definitely not going back.Bartender (Dillon) is serious about his craft, but not pretentious in any way. He listens! Best whiskey sour I've ever had. House made focaccia, house made pasta. That's all I had. That's all I needed to judge this youth owned and operated, farm-to-table, locally sourced restaurant an absolute gem!Excellent stumble. Farm to fork says it all. Service and ambience great. Local flavor with street car coloring the conversation at intervals. Not as busy as the Marcellos  next door with their white tablecloths roomy tables and wine glasses. This dinner was tasty and fresh. The two runs Ribeye was succulent and unadulterated. The desserts sound interesting. Chocolate calzone and cannoli with candied pistachio gelato. 
Place is rather expensive but we enjoyed our meal and streetcar vibrations as it passes by.Found this restaurant due to traffic rerouting and glad we did.  We had a wonderful meal in a perfect setting on an admittedly unseasonalbly comfortable evening.
The food was perfect.  Looking for a simple Italian dinner we settled upon starting with fried calamari and then shared a personal pizza and ravioli.   The calamari was crisp and light and perfectly cooked and not chewy.  The pizza was the ideal we all look for: crisp crust underlying a balance of tomato sauce, melted cheese and other toppings -in this case spicy crumbled sausage. The ravioli topped with blueberries demonstrated that fruity sweetness can enhance the garlic infused pasta.
Our meal was complimented by a delicate red that one of the owners noted to be one his favorites?  Finally, we sat outside and cherished the streetcars as they clanked by and soaked in the distant view of St. Patrick's Church.
Don't get trapped in the tradtional FQ for your whole trip to NOLA, go to this restaurant.Worst service ever. There were 5 open tables in the small place but for some reason they would not seat us (party of 2) and asked us to wait at the bar which we had no problem with... But after 30 minutes of waiting we just ended up leaving. Seems like they we're having some management problems. Nobody seemed like they knew what was going on. Definitively will not be goin back to this spot.I came here during a business trip to New Orleans, sat at the bar for a drink and a meal, and was completely ignored even though there was just one other party in the restaurant. I paid for my overpriced Jack Daniels and left. Tattooed, hipster staff need to learn some southern hospitality.One word to describe our dinner at Cibugnu: FIASCO
Where to even begin? We were a party of seven, dining on a fairly quiet Thursday night. There were three servers handling the half dozen occupied tables. 
We were seated promptly and brought water. The male server greeted us with menus and asked us if we'd like to start out with some fresh bread. HELLS YES!  
Two rounds of water later, and our drink order still had not been taken, nor had the promised bread arrived. Finally, my friend waived down the female server (who was also waiting on us) and asked for a bottle of prosecco for the table. Turns out they were out of the requested bottle, but the waitress suggested two other options. My friend asked, "Whats the difference between the two?" The waitress hesitated and finally said, "They're different grapes." Ok, and...? 
When our bottle finally arrived, she lined all the glasses up in a corner of the table  (huh?) and began to divvy out the bottle. Only problem was the she had only brought six glasses and I had to tell her she'd miscounted and that there was seven of us. Later, on our second bottle, eight glasses were brought out. Again we had to tell the staff that they were miscounting (by the way, everyone was seated at the table during both of these instances). Even after telling the server that there were seven of us, we still ended up with eight glasses of wine! 
We ordered appetizers, which arrived fairly promptly and were delicious -- bruschetta and a cheese plate. The fresh bread we'd been promised never arrived, so we chowed down on the apps with gusto. 
And then we waited. And waited. And waited. Water glasses were refilled again and again. I peed twice. 
After an hour, it was starting to get ridiculous. Finally the waitstaff acknowledged the wait and brought us a free charcuterie and bottle of wine. The food STILL didn't arrive.  I ordered a coffee americano, which was served in a teacup without a saucer,  brought without cream or sugar. Inside the cup was about an eighth of an inch of muddy brown coffee. I may not be the classiest gal in the world, but i know enough to know that this was NOT an americano. Not even close. 
More water was poured. At this point, we'd been waiting for our food for nearly two hours. Finally, FINALLLY the food came out. And what can I say. It was.... fine. Not great. I ordered the lamb stracci, which had a pathetically puny few scraps of lamb tossed into a bowl of homemade pasta noodles. It was bland and unremarkable. Even if I hadn't waited two hours for it, I still don't think I would have enjoyed it all that much. After tasting a few other peoples dishes, I think the general consensus was... hit or miss. A few fairly good things, a few "meh" things. 
In general, this meal was a HUGE disappointment. Before going, my mouth was watering for, as their menu says, "Italian from scratch." But the execution fell far short  of the promise. The staff seemed poorly trained, without basic knowledge of simple things like how to make a coffee, or how to open and pour a bottle of wine. The female server definitely had very little knowledge of the wine selection. And everyone seemed relatively indifferent to the insane amount of time that it took for our food to arrive. They comped us a few things and offered a bland apology, but that was it. As someone who worked in the service industry for many years, I can say that if this was MY table, I would have given a lot more attention and assurances to my customers that the mistake was being corrected and that the meals were on their way. 
But I can definitely say with conviction that this restaurant has got the water pouring element of the dining experience LOCKED DOWN.  Ever since my dinner at Cibugnu, my skin has been feeling exceptionally hydrated and dewy fresh. So I give Cibugnu one star for ambiance, and one star for skin hydration.Stopped in after Buckeyes Sugar Bowl victory. Great food and wonderful service. These guys stayed open a little later to serve the rush of fans. Bartender was very knowledgeable about menu and let me sample a few wines before selection.I was hesitant to come after reading some of the other Yelp reviews, but a friend of mine wanted to try it. So I did. It was okay. Nothing to write home about, but definitely not the worst meal I've had either. We were the only table in there for the lunch hour on Tuesday before Christmas - and one other table was sitting by the time we left. The service was slow, too - even though we were the only table (and then 1 of 2 tables) in the restaurant.As an introduction, my girlfriend and I went to Cibugnu twice within four days this week. We went for a Thursday night dinner and fell in love with the food. The chef here is fantastic. Our cocktails were great, and our food was perfect. The lumache pasta was some of the best food I have ever eaten. The bread was great; the calamari was wonderful. We had a spectacular experience that night, and we thought we had found our regular place for cocktails, food, or both. We then went a second time the following Sunday.
It being New Orleans and a game day, it's understandable to see people, even waitstaff, dress in Saints attire. What is not acceptable is for bartenders to dress in a Saints jersey against restaurant dress code (and we know this because he fought about it with the waitress) while ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE BAR drinking a beer and hitting on patrons. His actions smacked of a casual attitude and lack of training. The experience did a 180 upon seeing this. My girlfriend no longer feels comfortable with the idea of coming in by herself to get a cocktail or pick up food to bring home lest he put his arm around her stool to show her that his refined palate for beer has expanded to Bud Light. Then, the waitress mentioned above would not stop talking about her personal life to patrons at the bar, which was just bizarre. My girlfriend and I have worked in the restaurant business for years, and I grew up in the business. We just did not think it was acceptable behavior for a place that so clearly attempts to combine the casual and the refined. In contrast, our waiter both nights was James, who was a joy. He worked hard, obviously had years of experience, and constantly made sure our every need was met. I hope to return and have him be our waiter every time.
I also need to concur with other reviews about the ambience. I don't mind the TVs. In fact, I rather like them, especially on days when my girlfriend and I can go eat delicious food while watching football. However, the "from scratch" Food Channel that they have created must go. In the words of Patton Oswalt, "I just love the stuff I love!" I don't need to know where it comes from, especially when it involves lobster stabbing and various painfully-close-to-food-porn scenes. My girlfriend the first night mentioned that this had to be doing something for someone. Well, it certainly was making me uncomfortable. I love to cook, but some food preparation is better left in the kitchen.
The chef, Benjamin, is also phenomenal. Again, the food is just perfect. Every item we ordered was spectacular. The lumache is the best pasta I've had outside of Southern Europe and even better than most there. The caprese salad and bruschetta were amazing. The food was five stars; our waiter was five stars; but the food art must go as well as the inappropriate waitstaff.While vacationing in NOLA, my boyfriend and I walked by Cibugno and were intrigued by the motto "Italian from scratch" so we decided to give it a try. This restaurant is right between Herbsaint and Marcello's Wine Bar, both of which unlike Cibugno, were extremely busy. Maybe we should have taken this as a sign? We walked in and were immediately seated as there was only one other table that was full. While it did slowly start to fill up, for not being very busy, service was just okay. There seemed to only be one waiter for the entire place. We ordered the bruschetta as our starter and two of the wood fired pizzas. The bruschetta was very non-traditional...we were not huge fans of this dish. Maybe I misread the description on the menu, but I was not expecting it to have carrots, pomegranates, and another mystery topping? It was a strange combination and just wasn't very flavorful. Also, even though we ordered it as an appetizer, it was served at the same time as our pizzas. The pizzas we ordered were good but nothing spectacular. We had the Capricciosa which, per the menu description, had prosciutto, artichoke, dry cured olive, soft egg, oyster mushroom, mozzarella, san marzano tomato...sounds amazing, right? We asked for no prosciutto, but I think they forgot other toppings as well... I didn't taste or see the artichokes or tomatoes?? We also had the Margheritta pizza. Again, it was good, just nothing out of this world.  Overall, my experience was just okay. Let's just say I'm not dying to return next time I'm in NOLA... I would give this more of a 2.5 stars if I could.I had dinner with 4 friends at Cibugnu tonight and the food was EXCELLENT! From calamari, crudo, bruschetta and brussell sprout appetizers (all 4 outstanding) to delicious pasta dishes that I almost hated to share to osso buco and a pork chop, both wonderful to yummy desserts, it was a very, very satisfying meal.
Already looking forward to going again.This was a very odd dining experience. I would give the food a full 5 stars, and everything else a 1. 
First, the good stuff: the oxtail pasta was delicious, flavorful, and perfectly al dente.  We also had the bruschetta with whipped goat cheese and blueberries, which was tasty. The whole fish baked in a salt crust, though, oh man. The star of the show. I've been raving about it all week. Tender, beautifully seasoned, lip-smacking good.
Now, the weird stuff:
- Thumping Top 40 music
- Extremely dim lighting (and not the romantic kind)
- TVs lining the walls, even though most are turned off
- One white and one red wine by the glass. What??? Out of the entire page-long wine list you can't crack open a few to serve by the glass?
- Cocktails looked interesting, but both I tried were way too sweet
Cibugnu hasn't figured out what it wants to be. The food says high-end, authentic Italian (no red gravy in sight), but the decor and ambiance scream, "Tourist Trap!" In fact, I'm pretty sure every table in there except ours was cargo-short-Affliction-tshirt-tourist overflow from Herbsaint. 
All in all it was... weird.http://www.bestofneworleans.com/blogofneworleans/archives/2013/06/17/cibugn-new-sicilian-restaurant-at-the-leonardo-address
Yes, yes, yes folks!! 
This is a "Must Try" in NOLA, whether local or guest.
The food is innovative, yet comfortable, fresh and new, and yet reminiscent of the flavors which have made true Sicilian food an American favorite for as long as anyone can remember.
The Calamari, was light, almost, melt in your mouth. 
The Carpachio was fresh, bright and just amazing with flavor.
The Oxtail is so spot on flavor wise, with tender meat through and through. A beautiful comfortable rustic flavor balanced out with bright citrus notes. 
The Fish entre', both in presentation, as well as flavor, is something to not be missed by anyone.
The hen was even bursting with flavor, and although stone pressed, arguably one of the juiciest dishes I have had in this fair city in a long, long while.
For desert, you can not go wrong with the Chocolate Calzone.
Dark, flavorful Chocolate filling, tasty, tender dough, light amazing whipped cream to balance out the darkness of the chocolate filling.
Once again, a not to be missed, and if you are in the area looking simply for desert, stop in for this.
The atmosphere throughout was relaxing and focused.
On the wall mounted screens, were scenes, almost avant-garde in their production style of Chef preparing a variety of house made dishes from their fresh house pasta, sauces, etc.
The wine list is large, but not overwhelming. With both flavors for every meal, as well as pricing for almost any budget.
It is nice to see in a city like New Orleans, where Progressive, often times gets lost in the new translation, that Cibignu has managed to retain the Sicilian charm, and heritage, while embracing the new, bright, educated American Palette.
Make this a place to try, and once you do, you will look no further, for Comfort food, with a modern flair.
IAs a picky vegetarian (lacto-ovo) diner, I found the fresh made pasta to be delicious.
 The bread they brought out beforehand was also quite tasty. I had the ravioli & beet salad. I actually finished all of my food there.The drinks were also fine, the wine suggested went well with the meal. 
This is a new restaurant and while the place itself seems finished and ready it is still very much a work in progressNo problem getting a table for two on a chilly Thursday evening.  We were seated promptly in a quiet, comfortable dining room with a classy, but comfortable vibe.  Started with a bottle of wine from their ample selection and the bruschetta, which was not traditional, but fresh and flavorful, nonetheless.  The bread that was served between courses was amazing.  I'm not sure what they do with it, but no dipping oil or butter needed for this stuff!  
For entrees, we went with the pumpkin/butternut squash gnocchetti and lamb ragout pasta with black truffles, both of which were delicious.  Be sure to save room for the salted caramel gelato, served with warm beignets.  Yes, warm beignets with salted caramel gelato!  Words can't describe how good this stuff is.
The only part of the entire experience that was not up to par, was the interaction between our server and the manager.  The server did a good job, however the manager made a couple visits to the dining room without as much as acknowledging any of the patrons, including when he dropped our dessert off at the wrong table.  No apologies to either table.  That was a little awkward, but overall a great meal.  I'd go back.