The service here is very fast. I went in and he line was pretty long. I wasn't going to drag my mom somewhere else so we waited and chatted. Next thing you know I had to quickly look at the menu, bc I was at the front and had no idea what I wanted.
There is a wide variety of meals to choose from. You can also select from different types of breads as well. 
The subway of green food. #ApprovedByMeSalads are fresh and delicious! You can choose a specialty or create your own. Same thing with the wraps. They offer a selection of meats but also have vegan options. Have organic choices of beverages and waters too. Great spot next to hotels for a quick light meal. You can eat in or order to go. Awesome placeA little pricey for my taste in lunch.  The quality of the food and service is great.  I usually leave here feeling an empty stomach, so I run to the nearest smoothie king to top off.
Once I found out Rouse's had 3 tacos for $4, I just hoofed it down two blocks and ate there daily.Just ordered from City Greens for lunch. I used Postmates to have it delivered they also can be ordered through Uber Eats, however postmates is $1 cheaper. 
I ordered the southwest salad add chicken. And my boyfriend had the BBQ wrap. Through postmates the total was $27 for the delivery fee and the salad and the wrap. 
It was super good, exactly what I wanted. The only hung is it was $3 more for chicken in my salad and next time I would go without because it didn't really add much to my salad. 
But I totally recommend this place.Amazing Spinach and Beet salad. Very reasonable price!!! Will certainly be back to try some other things on the menu!I ate lunch at this restaurant, which was within easy walking distance of the hotel where I recently stayed on business.  It basically offered soups, salads and wraps, and some of the choices were vegan, which is why I chose to eat here.  I had the avocado hummus with tofu in a spinach wrap, which was pretty good.  My only complaint about the food is that it could have used some salt.  If you go there, you might want to bring along a little salt shaker filled with Himalayan Pink Salt or Celtic Sea Salt, because they only offer those little iodized salt packets there, which are basically poison in a packet.  But other than that, their food is very healthy and fresh-tasting, and I would definitely recommend it.Wonderful surprise. Ate here my last day in New Orleans .  I had the turkey avocado wrap. So fresh and a welcomed break from local cuisine. Located in an office building filled with business people on their lunch break. No one was drinking a hurricane !!City Greens in my saving grace when I need to pick up a quick lunch or just want something delicious and fresh.
Its set up kind of like a Subway/Quiznos/etc, but that does not do it justice. The ingredients are much higher quality and not processed. Its actually good for you. 
They do salads & wraps, but any salad can be made into a wrap and vice versa. All of their dressings are homemade, and really good. 
My favorites are the Southwest Salad and Thai Shrimp Wrap. 
One drawback is that it can get kind of pricey - especially if you add items or a protein to your meal. You can wind up paying $14 for a salad.city greens is a great place to eat.. the food is amazing but the  customer service is poo la la at best. i do not understand how you can tell someone your order and they write it on the top of the container but yet the order is still completely wrong. also when calling in for pick up there is one associate in particular who is very rude. she has no manners and should not be answering phones or on the cash register if she has no people skills. i would visit city greens more often if customer service was betterSecond time I've gone in there just a little after 2 pm and they say "we're closed". Really? Then why not put on your sign, on your Facebook, etc. that you close at 2pm instead of 3? I don't think 2:15 is too late to get a salad. It's really bad business.Best salads and friendliest staff anywhere!  All the wraps can be made into salads and vice versa, so there are lots of possibilities.  The tuna, shrimp, steak, and bacon are fresh and cooked to perfection.  Salad ingredients are all fresh and flavorful.  The prices are pretty high, but you get what you pay for--fresh organic lunch, individually custom prepared before your eyes. I try to eat here 2-3 times per week.I keep wanting to love City Greens and I just can't. Today I ordered the Thai Shrimp wrap because i love all the flavors the peanuts the lime juice the shredded carrots all the fresh flavors I was craving and trying to shy away from chicken or beef I ordered the shrimp. The shrimp looked good and even had a decent flavor though not sure they were boiled as listed or if they were they were way over boiled. The shrimp were so mushy they were almost a paste. The wrap looked so good which only made the fact it was uneatable even more disappointing. The only saving grace was an oatmeal and apricot cookie from Willa Jeans and a bag of Pop chips. The staff here is really nice but after a few 15.00 lunch fails I think I'm going to have mark this off my down town lunch option lHands down my favorite place to get a salad in the city! If I'm wanting something really healthy, but not boring, this is my go-to! It's perfect for lunch during the work week. It's a little pricey, but for what you're getting it is SO worth it. I never even put meat in my salads (simply becuase of the price...not bcause I'm a vegetarian or anything), and it is always still so delicious and it fills me up! Also - the people who work there are so nice. It's always the same guys working the line...they never mess up and they don't charge for substituting stuff :)
Don't let the long line fool you...it moves pretty fast!I ordered online for lunch at the suggestion of my coworkers. First off, it's a bit hard to find--inside an office building. The bank employee who I asked when I was lost was super friendly and helped me. I had the seasonal salad as a wrap and it was delicious! Lettuce, squash, cranberries and pumpkin seeds. My food was ready when I arrived and I just had to tell them my name and sign for it. A bit overpriced in my opinion and tricky to find. It's also a small shop and the ceilings are kind of low which makes it feel smaller.I really love City Greens but the service at the Poydras location is horrible. The staff were ignoring me and I gave them my order several times and they still did not have it correct. The staff were more concerned about pushing orders out rather than providing quality service.Updating this just for the sake of the time/date stamp.  We went here again in May of 2015 and it's still a great little place to get vegan (and vegan friendly) food.  My only criticism is that, even though we'd been before, we still had trouble finding this place.  It's inside a very large business building and, from what I could see, there is no external signage.  So we were on the street for several minutes trying to figure out why google maps was saying we were there, but we were standing in front of what looked like a really large bank.  We then remembered about it being inside, went in, and had a great lunch.
We were staying on Royal Street one block from Bourbon Street so this is a very easy 10 to 12 minute walk from the center of the French Quarter.
Also?  Not sure who's in charge of hiring employees, but all the boys are really cute.  on purpose?  Who knows?  It's an added bonus.Very good good fresh wraps. Love the mozzarella and honey walnuts!!! I only wish they delivered to the garden district!  The location is so inconvenient to get to! Parking is horrendous!!!! Would eat there more often if they expanded their delivery radius!I really like this place, and would probably go more if they were closer to my office.  The lines are long.  But it moves quickly.  I like the Thai Peanut Sauce and get it on wraps with chicken.  It is good stuff and well done.  It is a nice healthy option for the CBD.I cannot stress enough the amount of love I have for City Greens. I've only ever had the Chopped Cobb salad and Cucumber Lemonade because I got it the first time I visited and I can't imagine ordering anything else. I really want to, but I love this salad so much. I know the prices are a little high but I never care how much it costs. The quality of farm to fork can't be beat. And you MUST try the Cucumber Lemonade. Seriously, absolutely amazing. I don't know of another place in the city where I get undeniably giddy every time I get to eat there, and I'm not stranger to food in New Orleans. And yes, I get giddy over this salad.City greens' greens are noticeably tastier;  The arugula is less bitter,  and the lettuce is more flavorful. This is probably because they grow their own veggies hydroponically , and I am surprised to find that I, with the least defined palate ever,  can taste the difference.  I haven't had a salad that I didn't find delicious, and the combination of hefty portions of greens and dressing on the side makes each salad more like one and a half salads at a very reasonable price.  I love too, that they offer free bread,  delicious soups,  and have the ability to order online to avoid workday lunch lines. Not just your run of the mill overpriced overhyped salad place, I'm definitely a fan.OMG LOVE THIS PLACE! Everything is so fresh and there's such a variety of salads and toppings.  The staff is so friendly and even remembers names and faces and orders!  The drinks are really good and the outside seating is a nice break for most of the office people that work around here. I just wish they would put one on the westbank!Great salads! I recommend the chopped Cobb or the paleo power just make sure they include the shrimp as they forgot to add some to mine one time when I ordered at the restaurant on Metairie Road. I liked the salad dressing so much on the paleo power salad that I actually bought some to take home for my own salad.great food and great people. but they need hair nets!!!! huge hair in my saladThis was the first time ordering here. Service was quick and efficient and the food is DANG good! Def on the re-do list!Perfectly fine place for lunch. Very fresh salad. Surprisingly good "vegan" vegetable soup.  Some unique options exist for salads, including lobster! But for the most part it's a standard soup and salad sort of place. Nothing wrong with that at all. The staff was cheerful and committed and made the rather tedious process of ordering -- and watching the preparation of--one's meal an overall pleasant experience.Fantastic! The place never lets me down. Ever. My go to is the Southwest Salad. The greens are always fresh and crispy and the jalapeño lime salad dressing it's super tasty. After eating this salad I'm pretty satisfied.Actually found this place on my way to getting a po boy! It's a really great spot for lunch and especially for healthy options. The salad I got was fantastic! The fresh ingredients and the salad dressing created a wonderfully unique flavor! 
It's a bit on the pricey side but expected with high quality ingredients. The salad is a bit on the small side for me but they pack a lot of stuff into it. Got the southwest salad with an egg instead of tomato and added shrimp. Loved it! 
They also do wraps. So lots of good options. Overall a very good experienceThis place is a hidden gem, but choose carefully because you drop a good chunk of change here easily. Shrimp Thai wrap is the best, and they have stuff for Vegans and Carnivores alike. Fast, friendly service, cool, hip place to dine, with the only drawback being slightly higher-than-normal prices. If you feel like splurging - it's worth it.Yum!  I got the Santa Fe salad and it was great!  I got the turkey avocado wrap for my daughter and it was to die for. So fresh and delicious!pretty meh... the salad options are the usual suspects and not done with any flair. There was technically anything wrong with my Caprese salad and my wife's Cobb but after we finished we both agreed that we would not choose to go back there with so many other choices in New Orleans. To be fair, they were healthy for us but there was no joy in them.My office ordered City Greens delivery for a working lunch today. Our department is 9 people and everyone found something they liked. 
The ordering online was very easy. The delivery time was reasonable for a work day though our office is only a few blocks down Poydras.
I was initially nervous about ordering the Quinoa, Corn, and Kale salad, but was very satisfied! The quinoa was cooked perfectly and the corn paired well with the roasted tomato vinaigrette. 
The salad portion size is reasonable, but expect to pay for the quality and freshness of the ingredients. At my office, we joke that we'll only eat $12 salads when it's on the company's dime! But I recommend City Greens to others and will continue to grab lunch there even out of my own pocket!Nice healthy option amidst the heavy Cajun food. The line can be long during the lunch hour. They offer a variety of options which is very nice and you can customize your own salad. A bit on the pricey side but its always more expensive for healthy foods. All salads are the same size.If you're looking for a healthier meal that is double the flavor of its unhealthy competitors, look no further. The food and the staff at City Greens is exceptional. The ingredients are all grown hydroponically at their farm and served fresh. The staff preps your food exactly how you like it for an end product worth the extra money spent here. 100/5 starsI can't say enough about the excellent experience I had with City Greens' catering service. I became hooked on City Greens a few months ago, but I had no experience with their catering service. I took a chance getting a 70+ person conference catered by them anyway, and they handled all aspects exceptionally. The catering manager (Kathleen) made recommendations of which items and amounts of each to order that ended up being almost perfectly precise for the amount of people. The delivery was professional and amazingly tactful. The food was just as delicious as it is in the restaurant. I would definitely recommend City Greens to anyone looking for a reliable caterer with casual and healthy options.I can appreciate the organic fare, but i feel the prices are a bit steep for what you get. Every time i've gone for lunch, i have been unsatisfied. The workers are friendly, but for an experience like this where i'm rushed through the line like subway, i'd expect lower prices.Finally!  A healthy place to eat in the CBD.  this review has been a long time coming... almost a year now.  Some how I missed posted a review... I digress...
Fantastic salads and wrap.  They have a set menu but you can build your own, personalize it.  Whatever floats your boat.  The selcetions is good too.  Love me some kale let me tell ya. Also, it's not expensive either.  The salad portions are a really good size, so guys don't think they won't fill you up. 
There's even a spot outside where you can enjoy your meal.  Great on a nice day.
The concept is BRILLIANT!!!  Very refreshing to have a health option for once.
Hummmm, I think I'll go there for lunch today!Walked in about 1:15pm on a Thursday & no line. Ordered Cobb salad chopped, add chicken, medium dressing. Amazingly fresh & delicious! Got a cucumber lemonade and it's definitely worth the hype.City green is a thumbs up! Stopped by for a light dinner and it was not only light (healthy) but delicious & fulfilling! 
I shared a build your own salad and a Thai chicken wrap with spinach tortilla!I used to really like City Greens but the past few times I have been there my salads have not been very good, especially considering the price. The past few times I've ordered my salads have been really skimping on the toppings. A few weeks ago they completely left out the avocado and I had to go back and ask for it. Today I ordered the summer chopped peach salad and it had barely any pecans or goat cheese in it, which were two of the reasons I ordered the salad. Maybe I keep ordering the wrong thing, but overall, the salad, like the last few I had ordered before this, was pretty tasteless. For $6 you can easily go to Rouse's salad bar and create a tastier salad for yourself. The chicken was also extremely bland and tasteless and did not appear like it had been seasoned at all beforehand. It's a good concept and nice to have a healthy addition in New Orleans but I wish that it was more consistent.First Class Salad and Worth the Short Wait
We stumbled into this restaurant in an office building and noticed a long line of very pretty and skinny women office workers.  OK, I'm already liking this place.  The line moved quickly, because the people behind the counter are efficient in passing your salad down the line and getting it packaged and ready to go.  
The cost is around $10 for a very big salad and a piece of bread.  
Nice quick and healthy lunch.City greens is my go to place when I come down to New Orleans for work for half the month. Yes it might seem  pricy, but it's fresh lettuce nothing old and gross and since when is salad synonymous with cheap, it shouldn't be. You want fresh stuff. Anyways, their salads and wraps will fill you up.  You can get any salad as a wrap and vice versa. So go nuts!
Thai wrap is excellent and quinoa and vegetable salad is filling. Check specials everyday on Facebook.
I would like so see a frequent buyer card as I eat there like 8 days straight. 
Tip for the wise:
When it's cold soup sells out fast so go early.
When crab is involved as the special it sells out fast so go early
And finally, be nice, the guys working there are great!On my search for food that is not deep fried, I stumbled upon this place (with the help of Groupon thank you very much)!
How to get there:
Once you enter the 909 building, go to the right of the front desk/security and straight back until you see a room full of green; green walls, green decorations, and the best of all, green food!
Brownie Point: menu on the door so I can stand there and see what I want instead of awkwardly holding up the line with my indecisiveness when it comes to menu choices (-.-)"
This is the place for people who know what they want because you can create your own salad :) too bad I'm the kind that needs guidance haha, but that's why there's other stuff on the menu where they already decided the combo for you, including salads, wraps, and soups.
What we got:
Thai shrimp wrap
-peanuty sauce was just ok
-yay veggies!
-fresh
Turkey avocado wrap
-apparently it was a little too salty/saucy, but I didn't try it myself so I can't really say too much :/
Overall, this place kind of reminded me of Cafe Zizzi (in the Balcony Cafes) where you can create your own salad, wrap, etc. too, but for some reason I like Cafe Zizzi more... hmm... maybe because they cook the shrimp/chicken/beef right in front of you on the grill instead?
on a separate note: there's a Jamba Juice in New Orleans?? Whhhaattt? I know where I'm going next!!! :D tehe!My takeaway from a few lunch deliveries from City Greens is that they have quality control issues. The website is a bit jumbled and good luck printing out a readable menu.
My biggest complaint is there is ALWAYS something wrong with my order. Ask for a salad, get a wrap. Say no cheese, get cheese. On one occasion, my greens were a little suspect and most definitely not on the happy side of fresh.
I don't want to write them off, because I love the menu...but it's a pretty spendy even without considering not getting what I ordered.City Greens is an excellent healthier option for lunch in the CBD, albeit a bit pricey. They offer a wide selection of pre-designed or custom salad options, wraps, and two soups that change type daily. If you like City Greens on Facebook you can see what the soups will be each day without having to walk down there. So far my favorite was the Heirloom Tomato Coconut. Mmmm!
I enjoyed every salad from the Southwest to the Watermelon and Cucumber, though I recommend ordering off of the wall menu over the printed one. The ingredients in the offerings in the printed menu are sometimes out of stock, which can lead to unwelcome improvisations. The wall listings are always farm fresh.This place is a great place to eat healthy, while keeping it delicious.  Every time I have gone, I have been more than satisfied with the food.  Its really pretty awesome.  And the prices are good too.  A great addition to the CBD lunch scene.
Thai Chicken Wrap is THE BOMB!  
The only complaint (and the reason for the 4 star rather than 5) is that it is S. L. O. W.  They have more people working there than eating, and it just feels like it takes 20 minutes to grab a salad and get out.   I bet that balloons to 40 minutes during prime hours.  Don't know how to speed it up, but something should be done.Ordered City Greens for today's lunch at the office. As an admitted junk food addict, I didn't think I could actually enjoy a salad and wrap as much as I did. My southwest salad was really fresh, but it's healthiness didn't take away from the taste. It had layers of salty, spicy, and a little bit of sweet! I also had half of a BBQ chicken wrap. It was super savory, and the chicken was fresh, not processed and creepy. I definitely need to go again!Lots of people.   Great buzz. Clean.   Fast friendly service.   Great tasting buffalo chicken wrap.   Would eat here every day.  They say hello when you come in. Thank you and goodbye. When you leave.   Only down side is they are only open for lunch.  5 stars, and I never give 5 stars till now. Gotta tryThey are getting better. Staff is faster with less attitude; still wish I could say the same for the customers. Pricey but generally worth it - if you're vigilant and assertive.
Veg/an alert: fleshes fall into the meatless bins, a lot. Keep a sharp eye if you don't want to get sick. It's high volume, so lower your food safety expectations.Food is amazing and the staff are so friendly.  With a great central location, this place has everything going for it.  A plus!i have gone here many times. i love their healthy choices but today I ordered delivery. They charged me 3 dollars for the service which other places in the area do not do. Then my salad had no dressing WTF! Come on people!
Update: Ordered again and everything was perfect!Love the assortment of fresh salads served quickly. It's nice to have a healthy option that actually tastes good!Solid salad spot. Visiting NOLA for a convention and wanted to get out of the Quarter for some veggies...this place fit the bill! Super fresh ingredients. Since I didn't add meat, I thought the build your own was reasonable enough. Agree with others that soups should have one veg option.The worst entre salad I've ever had.  Expensive and bland, it's a place I'll not willingly return to for a quick office lunch.LOVE IT! GIVE ME MORE! PLEASE AND THANK YOU!
This is a great little salad place that everyone knows. I say everyone knows because its possible that even my dead grandfather was in the very long line. He probably wasn't because he was a "man" and he ate "man food." However, the wait is worth the prize at the end because the salads are fresh and very inventive. The dressings might be a little.... shall we say dull? That is okay though because the ingredients are super duper flavorful!
I had the Quinoa and Vegtable salad with the tofo instead of feta. Great option as the office has started a weight loss challenge and I would like nothing more than to take all of my boss's money. Needless to say this is about to be my new lunch haunt especially since my favorite Thai place downtown collapsed yesterday. :(
Yay, City Greens!Tasty. Friendly staff. But damn, it's really expensive. Just a salad with no drink and no added protein set me back almost $11. I'd only go again if someone suggested it since I can make my own delicious salads for a fraction of the price.The worst entre salad I've ever had.  Expensive and bland, it's a place I'll not willingly return to for a quick office lunch.I've been here twice only. My first visit was a pretty good one, although it was about six months ago. I decided to stop on in here again a few days ago just to see how i should really feel about the place, because although my first time was good, it was not exactly memorable, either. 
I really dig the looks of the place and glazing over the menu, one would expect to be in for one real tasty treat, however looks can be a bit deceiving. 
Now i'm not saying this stuff is terrible, because it's not. The ingredients are all fresh, but for some reason the taste does not come together the way i'd expect it to. Not very flavorful, both dishes i had were pretty median. 
On my most recent visit, i ordered a steak wrap on tomato basil. Sounded pretty good when i read off the ingredients on the menu, so why not, i'll give it a try. But when i bit into it, i was left rather unsatisfied. I think my main thing with it was the cold chunks of steak in it. I'm not against cold meat, but when you're biting into chunks of it, it reminds me that i'm eating cold meat. 
I did find tho that when i took the meat from the other half of my wrap, heated it, and put it back in for consumption, it made things a lot better! 
This place seems cool for the building it's in to supply the office workers who don't want to or can't really go far for lunch. Not a place i'd leave my house for specifically tho :-/.City Greens is one of my favorite places to eat. Healthy, fresh greens harvested from their own garden. I can taste the difference in the wraps and salads they make. I'm addicted to their Turkey Avocado wrap and Seared Tuna wrap. I was unimpressed by their cafeteria style layout in the First Bank and Trust Building. Yes, I understand this restaurant is located in the middle of the Central Business District, however it does not need to feel like a backyard sandwich shop similar to one found in New York City. Convenient, quick, healthy, and delicious. Maybe you should take your food to go and eat at the office or have it on the patio if the weather permits. However, I much prefer the Elmwood location. Bonus facts though, they are opening another location on Metairie Road. Though for their new location, I hope they pay more attention to design.This store is a vegan oasis in a land of meat and diary!  My fav is the tofu and quinoa salad.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable.I have eaten at the Elmwood location about 10 times.  I can't say that I can speak to the menu, although most of it looks delicious, because I have ordered the Quinoa, Kale, & Corn salad with Medium dressing every time. I LOVE this salad.  I can speak to the quality - the food is extremely fresh and consistent, and the people are generally friendly. They move fairly quickly, especially considering a lot of people customize their orders. My one complaint is that the cost to add protein to a salad is higher than I would have expected, but I imagine that it is because they are using quality sourced organic meats, as per their mission. The salad is filling to me, but my husband would probably leave a bit hungry.Great healthy lunch spot if you work in the CBD! I came here during lunch one day and ordered the vegan quinoa, kale, and corn salad! It was really yummy! While the staff was friendly, the line was really really long and even though it moved quickly it still took me awhile to get my lunch! A salad costs around $10, which isn't too bad considering the other options in the area. I also had the Thai shrimp peanut wrap when we had city greens cater a work meeting and I really enjoyed that as  well! I'll definitely be back to try some of their other options (just maybe a little before or after the standard lunch time). 
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsSalads and wraps done well.  And if you want your wrap as a salad, they'll do that.  And if you want your salad as a wrap, they'll do that.  The ingredients are fresh and its all made right in front of you, so no secret ingredients.  Highly recommend the Thai shrimp wrap, but my favorite is taking the tuna sashimi salad, and putting it into a spinach wrap - YUMMY.  Good selection on non-traditional drinks as well - I love the Mash drinks and they carry them all.  Price is a little high, but the ingredients are definitely premium.All trendy appearances, and no substance.  Mediocre food and terrible service.
This place is located very close to my office, which is the only reason I have ever bought lunch there.  The first time I went I ordered a salad, and the greens were stale and wilted.  The line was also insanely long at lunch hour (took nearly 10 minutes to reach the counter, and the line stretched all the way to the door), so the next time I went I decided to place my order online in advance.
Somehow, pre-ordering made my order take EVEN LONGER than waiting on line in person.  When I got there (5 minutes after the specified pick-up time), I was told my order wasn't ready yet, even though there were only 1 or 2 other customers in the store at that time.  10 minutes later, the customers who had arrived after me and placed their orders after me already had their food in hand, had paid, and left the store, leaving only me.  Somehow, even 5 minutes after that, my wrap STILL wasn't ready.  After 15 minutes, I finally approached the counter again, and the girl said "sorry, we had a problem with the machine reading online orders, they're making it now," at which point she goes to the food assembly line to check on the status of the wrap.  The guy there looks down at the food items and supplies on the line and says, "I don't have any wraps."  It took 15 DAMN MINUTES for them to even check whether they had wraps available, let alone make the thing.  All this while they had extremely low customer flow in the store.
The people here are incredibly incompetent, and the mediocre food you get after putting up with their service is most definitely NOT WORTH the pricey charges.  If there were any other decent salad places in the downtown New Orleans area (such as Cosi, Sweet Green, or many of the other good chains on the East and West coasts), this place would be out of business.How mad am I allowed to be about circling the First Bank and Trust building for 15 minutes looking for spot, waiting 20 minutes in line, and paying almost 10 bucks for a Hummus and Avocado wrap that ended up containing 1) no hummus 2) no avocado?!    
Lesson learned. Every time I deviate from the things I really like here, I pay the price in a bad way.  The quinoa, corn and kale salad is worth the rigamarole.  Other dishes...not so much.Loved, loved, loved this place.  Prices were reasonable, staff was great, and the food was delicious!  It's great if you're within walking distance.  We had to pay to park a few blocks away (about $8 was the cheapest we could find), but it's the middle of the city so I guess that's to be expected.  As a vegan, it was so nice to be able to walk into a place with infinite choices that were fresh and vibrant (and didn't revolve around fried food and seafood).  Would recommend this place for a fast, delicious (and healthy!) lunch!Accidentally made an online order to this location when it was suppose to be for the citrus Blvd one. 
I called and they transferred my order. Very kind unlike citrus blvd. 
Thank youCity Greens is great for a few reasons.  One, it's absolutely delicious... and always so fresh!  I don't think anybody in my office can disagree that they make a damn good salad!  All of their salad dressings are homemade, and they take your order with great attention to detail... (i.e. light vs medium vs heavy dressing).  Two, the management team over there is fabulous.  Because I order from there so often for both personal lunches and for work meetings, they send me weekly lunch specials (which are always awesome and unique, might I add).  I definitely feel like I can make strange/specific requests, and they will make sure it happens.  This all being said, the salads can get QUITE pricey if you want to have many elements to your salad (I never don't want at least 5 toppings!) or add some protein.  But, honestly it's worth it, and it's no doubt one of the freshest, easiest lunch options in the CBD.Pretty healthy option for Poydras. Quick and you can even order online. Make sure to go before or after the busy hour. But even with the crowd, the line tends to get shorter pretty fast. Price is below 10$ so very good for lunch. They have pretty decent dining area too.Just got a chance to eat my Thai Chicken wrap from City Greens. It's incredible. So nice to eat something delicious and not feel guilty about it. The wrap was filling, so tasty, and obviously prepared fresh. The price point was also a pleasant surprise. Most of those healthy/fresh restaurants charge an arm and a leg. At City Greens my wrap and bag of chips was $10 before I tipped the server. That's pretty good for freshly prepared, healthy food that is super flavorful and filling.
Also, the location is super convenient and easy to find. It took two me two seconds to see it from the opposite side of Poydras - which was nice because I'm used to searching around a lot more when going to businesses inside of those huge office towers. And the staff was unusually polite and helpful, both on the phone and in person. I like the online ordering option and will probably try that next time.
What a GREAT place. I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone who asks.So we tried to place an order for lunch for the office.  7 people over 100.00 order. One person had a credit card so to pay by credit card they wanted to charge a separate delivery fee even though they were delivering all the orders at the same time to the same location. A place this petty shouldn't be in business.Stuck at a conference hotel pushing a $19 omelet, I turned to Yelp in search of walking distance alternatives.  Found CityGreen, 15 mins from the Riverwalk, and loved the reasonable prices.  They may be high for NOLA, but for those of us who frequent areas like DC, SF, and NYC, it's on par with what you would expect.
I grabbed a green naked juice, a spinach, tomato, cheese, and ham omelet, and a bottle of water, which set me back $13.  In about 10 mins, the very sweet staff (who spent their downtime singing along to the in-house radio station) brought out a piping hot omelet stuffed with spinach.  Only problem - no ham.  I am sure the staff would have immediately fixed the situation - but feeling the effects of last night's gator bites/rabbit stew/oyster binge, I figured a veggie breakfast was probably a better idea.
Highly recommended and I will make it a regular stop when I am in New Orleans.I go here every day for lunch when I'm in New Orleans and am not tired of it. They have great variety for salads and wraps and their service is quick. With that said, I usually get the avocado hummus tofu wrap or the southwest chicken salad. 
Other stuff to note: 
- The daily soups are okay.
- They have a refrigerated items section with seaweed salad, fruits, pesto pasta, Thai noodles, fresh pressed juices, water, sodas, etc.
- They tend to be busiest around noon.My favorite place to order lunch for delivery - healthy and delicious!
The BBQ wrap is my favorite - I've had it on every wrap they offer. I have yet to order something I don't like.. ingredients are fresh, delivers is fast - and the price is reasonable. As someone who appreciates good customer service - I must mention Kathleen who usually takes my order, is a joy on the phone.The price of a salad - or wrap - is not worth it! I just spent $11.50 on a chicken caesar wrap. There's nothing fancy about it. Chicken, lettuce, dressing - wrapped. That's it. And it doesn't taste as amazing as it costs. The service there is great, but really.... $11.50 on a WRAP??-Great service
-Clean Eco friendly environment 
-Super fresh food
-A bit costly but worth it!
-Highly recommend it to vegans or people looking for a fresh raw healthy mealI wrote a review initially and decided I was being a bit too harsh, because City Greens had just opened and I had only been once.
I went again and have to say I'm not impressed.
It is about time New Orleans gets a place dedicated to salads. Perhaps my expectations were a bit high, having eaten at places like City Greens in the northeast, but I was a bit disappointed.
The first time I went with a friend, I got a Spinach Club Salad and added chicken my friend got a House Mixed Salad. I got a strawberry lemonade, and she got the special iced tea. It was about $25.
The second time, I got a Southwestern Salad and added chicken and an iced tea, and it was $15.40.
I'll start with the price. Too expensive. The amount of chicken I got for $2.89 was really disappointing. I went with one of their specialty salads both times, because building your own salad is far more expensive. $15+ for a quick salad lunch is just too much money in New Orleans. If fact, if you compare City Greens' prices to similar restaurants in the northeast, City Greens is more expensive. The other restaurants start with a lower base, give you one more "topping" and give you a protein.
Next, the service. They have a lot of people working there. Still, they don't seem to have their act together. They were slow both times, and they were making mistakes (they forgot my chicken the first time and two people returned to the counter my second time). They need to figure out how to be more efficient.
The ambiance. It's tucked in the back of the First Bank & Trust Building. It should be a dreary space, but they have done a really nice job of making it a really happy, inviting and roomy place.
The food. It's fresh and pretty good. I have had better salads (including ones directly across the street at St. Marie that cost the same). But, the ingredients are certainly fresh.
In summary, I'll go back if someone else wants to meet there, but I won't go out of my way to return, and that's really disappointing.Perception is often based on experience. So, this review is in comparison to a New York venue, "chopped".
Sooooo....New Orleans is in need of healthy food options as badly as it is in need of levees and/or a head coach for the Saints ( I can say that since I've worn a paper bag in the dome during the 'Aints era). That being said, I did a double take when I saw a salad place downtown. It was like an oasis in the desert...an honest politician....an honest stripper.....can it be real?
I'll skip the "experience" blab since this is an in/out type of joint. If you're looking for ambiance, move along. Right to the salad.....
Pop quiz: What is the key component that, if you opened a salad place, you'd need to nail? .............yup, the dressing. 15 options......ummm, all the dressings appear to be high in oil, low in taste. Yes, it provides texture, but the flavor isn't there. And they're all in those annoying Subway-esque squirty bottle things.
The ingredients are all fresh. Many different options.   Kudos to these guys for adding to the slim healthy dining presence in a city in love with anything fried/sauced. The price is a bit high ( remember my reference to the NY place )....about $5 above market value if you build your own.
Overall, I give it 3 stars....an equivalent to "meh." It's similar to a first date whose name you can't remember, but you'd give a second chance to buy you dinner. However, if you've ever been to other cities which have these do-it-yourself salad places, you'll be underwhelmed....or put another way:
What we don't know is usually what kills us.Yes, the salads cost more than they should, but there are few places in the CBD that offer healthy food. Everyone here is so damn nice and friendly, I leave a tip every time I order a salad. I also leave with a smile on my face. 
And the salads are good.Hmmmm, where do I start?
I really like City Greens because I'm usually full after one salad or wrap but not disgustingly full. I've tried at least 5 different things the dozen or so times I've had food from here. My company likes to order from them a lot because they are fast, friendly, and deliver. They are also very accommodating to the different specificities (yes, I made this word up lol) everyone has. The staff is very friendly and have great senses of humor.
The downside: they are really over priced. It may have something to do with the fact that their products are produced on the farm that they own in Florida. To me, I would think that the prices might be a little lower since most of he produce is directly grown by them but eh, who am I? Today, I had a Spinach Club with Chicken and one of their fresh brewed teas. My total was $15 and some change. After tipping $2, I vowed never to eat here at my own expense more than 2 times a month. This is just too much money!
All in all, I really like the place but like many people, cannot eat here everyday. Just too much for a salad.The Goat finds this place very good for lunch but so crowded unless you get there early.  I like healthy good Vegan food as it makes me feel so healthy and good.  It seems a bit expensive for the good healthy simple food that Vegans need.  I like the fresh smell of the fresh food.  Many women seem to like the salads here but they don't smile back and say hello when the Goat tries to be friendly so he doesn't understand why people so unhappy.  It looks like they use too much of the unhealthy ranch type dressing that has too much dairy in it and makes people unhealthy and unbalanced.  If you stick to Vegan diet only you are more balanced and stay happy like the Goat!Forgot to give me utensils for takeout and to put beets in my salad. A little annoying and unprofessional if you ask me.Great, fresh, flavorful, healthy options. I'll be back again for the taco truck wrap.Tried this again against my better judgement. Thought it would be different due to eating in unlike taking out like before. Yet again it was a soggy mess! Really good flavors but they need to work on not having the greens soggy!! And the amount of toppings u get is a joke! 
My mother had the turkey and avocado salad (instead of wrap) and the turkey my mom thought was parmesan cheese! That's how small the pieces were. Her avocado wasn't sliced in pieces just a chunk placed in the salad. And the onions!!! Smh it was almost a half of onion just in the salad. Took a pic because I was shocked!!!
This place has no concept of quality control! Portions are really small for the price you pay. Paid $25 for 2 salads, a $3 bottled drink, and a tea! Won't be coming back.
There's a salad place the owners of this one  to check out to see how salad places should be ran! Check out Salatas! Awesome!! Some how they manage to not have soggy greens!!
Moving soon out of state and I'm sure the time we come back and visit this place may not be open. Will be shocked if this place remains open long! If Houston's in Metairie can close... LolI had a Turkey Avocado wrap yesterday. This was my first visit. The wrap was heavy (95% greens), taste pretty good and looked appealing. I was hungry again a few hours later. The bad part was that it's cost $21 for a almost meatless wrap, a juice and chips. If you have a pile of money to eat here and don't mind being hungry soon after, then this is your spot. You can buy some wraps, a head of lettuce and some boars head turkey for the same price of 1 wrap. It will last you a week.I walked in and walked out. The girl serving food had wayyyyy to much hair bouncing around with all that food sitting out.  I've loved it before but definitely need some hair nets.I was really excited to try this because we don't have this restaurant where I live.  I ordered the sweet potato power bowl,  they were closing in  15 minutes and almost empty so I know they wanted to leave,  but it's like a sandwich line so I figured it wasn't a big deal.  They made my food fast,  my husband's wrap and my bowl,  I gave them a $5 tip and took my food to go.  
I got back to my room- not a hint of sweet potato in my freaking bowl. Wth?Nothing do I love more than a good, hearty, filling salad... and then enter CITY GREENS!!!!! 
Where have you been all my SALAD EATING LIFE???  Salad & salad things as far as the eye can see.  Fix it up or fix it down, this salad heaven is great for all, not just the heart healthy.  
Hop in line, decide on the salad of your choice, tailor it to your liking, pay & have at it.  
Watching them prepare the salad is interesting as well.  A bowl for measuring the lettuce, flipping it up & then down... put it in the bowl & there you have it.
Love the GREEN-feel of the restaurant as well.  Clean floors, bright lights, windows that border the restaurant... all make for an open-green-clean feeling.  The recycling receptacles add to the GREEN-feel as well; nothing I like more than recycling.
Pricing is fair.  Parking is great.  Employees are friendly.This is a great concept that will work ONLY if you have the right employees. Every time I go in I have polite service from the makeline. Your cash register people obviously just quit their gig at Walmart. Extremely rude service. I'm not sure why every time I have gone in here the front counter person is what I consider aggressive. Different person every time too.I just ate at the Old Metairie location and loved it. I was out this way and decided to stop at the closest location. I walked in and was not quickly acknowledged. I was eventually acknowledged, after the staff member finished his conversation with a coworker. I ordered and he briefly, and I mean briefly, chopped my salad. He threw the bowl under the counter, causing a loud noise. He mashed my salad into a bowl and put the top on without ever asking if it was, "for here." My salad has large pieces in it. 
Someone, who is most likely a manager, is correcting the employees under him. I, the customer, should not know who forgot to put the garbage out. 
What a difference in the staff from Old Metairie to Elmwood. Awful experience. I will not eat here again.10/10 do NOT recommend. They were out of almost everything, and I gave this place three chances. City Greens has failed me!City Greens, will you marry me?
But seriously, I love you. In a world full of grease and fat and carbs, you provide a delicious, wonderful alternative that is new and exciting and I just love you so much.
Today was my first time here; I had a Groupon and I was in the neighborhood. We were greeted incredibly enthusiastically the moment we walked in and when the girl behind the counter found out this was our first time, she explained the process and the most popular options and that I could get a salad as a wrap or vice versa. She also explained that you can make your own, but for a first-timer, it's usually cheaper to pick a pre-made salad.
My mom got the avocado hummus with tofu as a salad and I got the taco truck with chicken as a wrap with avocado vinaigrette instead of the salsa sauce. I jokingly told the girl I couldn't decide between a wrap or a salad, and she told me they can actually make it 50/50 and put half as a salad and half as a wrap..., this girl is my spirit animal.
The good was fast, fresh, and incredibly delicious, exciting, and filling. Nothing boring about this salad!!! 
Like I've mentioned throughout this post, service was wonderful. I WISH I had gotten the girl's name, because I want to recommend her for a promotion and a raise, but she was a cute 20 something who works mornings and Wednesday afternoons, her cousin also works at the metairie road location. The guy working with her was also really awesome, albeit more quiet than she was.
Ended up only spending 3.50 for two salads with the groupon, so it was incredibly worth it!!!!
I can't wait to go back!City Greens was great!  Anne was totally gracious to work with for our food delivery to the French Quarter on a Saturday, before my daughter's wedding...and the food was fantastic!Love this place! Healthy! Fresh! A little pricey... but, finally a place you can eat in Metairie and not feel guilty!I love this place! I come here for lunch all the time. Friendly service with great tasting food. I love it. It will run you more than other places, but that's because of the quality and fresh produce. My favorites are the Taco truck wrap and Turkey Avocado wrap.I've been trying to eat more healthy lately so I decided to give City Greens a try. When I walked in, I was greeted immediately. After checking out the menu, I decided that I wanted a wrap. The wrap that caught my eye the most was the avocado hummus chicken wrap. However, I was sad to learn that they were out of hummus for the night. After pondering the menu for another few minutes, I decided on the bbq chicken wrap. When the worker was mixing in the pineapple BBQ dressing, she gave me the option of light, medium, or heavy. That is something that I like. A lot of places don't ask you and they tend to put either too much or little dressing. Overall, I was satisfied with the wrap. It was a little pricey for a wrap but it's okay. I ended up paying almost $10 for it. I will definitely check out this place again but maybe for a salad instead of a wrap this time.The good thing about City Greens is that it offers organic farm to fork greens in a "build your own" fashion. It's a great addition to the area as far as having a healthy lunch option since Elmwood could be renamed fast food alley.  In terms of restaurant type, I would place them above fast food, but not a full service restaurant so good for a quick casual meal. If you don't want to build your own, they do have a few salads on the menu. You can also get any salad put in a wrap if you want to be tricked into eating healthy. 
My favorite thing they do is chop your salad and mix your dressing for you. I'm super lazy so not having to cut up my lettuce and incorporate all my dressing is great (the worst part about ordering a salad IMO). 
The prices are a little steep, but if you are in need of a healthy meal on the go its nice to have the option.I see many great reviews and I ask myself how? I've been here twice - first it's pricy $13 for a Greek salad add chicken or $14 for a wrap. Second I find the vinegarettes very flavoreLESS. I didn't even eat half of my $14 wrap today.Why this place doesn't have a higher rating I'll never know. It's a little pricey but you get what you pay for. The quality/freshness is great, especially since finding healthy food in Nola is like finding a second-line parade in New York City. It can happen I guess but it's extremely rare. And when it does happen, you jump in line! Anyways, the only reason City Greens doesn't get 5 stars from me is because it's a tiny bit on the pricey side (even for the healthy goodness you do receive) and some of the employees can be a little sketch or even sometimes moody. But even that's fairly tolerable in order to get my fix of healthy food when I'm out running errands. So there you have it!I got the turkey avocado wrap in a tomato wrap and it was incredibly flavorful & fresh! The tomato basil soup is wonderful too! The turkey on the wrap is shredded so you literally get turkey in every bite. The staff is very friendly and ready to explain specials and ordering. I will return!I love that you can get a healthy meal on the go.  The place is modern and clean my only problem is that it gets quite noisy around lunch time which makes it hard to converse with the salad making staff. After leaving my last visit and finally getting to my destination I found out I was given the wrong salad. I promptly called this location and was told that I would be given another salad on my next visit. I'll be sure to let you know how this goes! TO BE CONTINUED...Good salads, not extremely memorable, and way over priced. The quality isn't worth the cost. I can get an iceberg lettuce salad at Wendy's. I enjoy their green juice, but they add salt to the drink. This place is okay every now and again.What's not to love? It's the healthiest lunch/dinner option in the area so if you're looking for something delicious and health-minded look no further. There's something on the menu here for everyone, no matter what your dietary preference is, and it's all 100% fresh. 
They lose a star because those juices are so. damned. expensive. Eight dollars apiece! That's the price of a wrap! I don't get it. 
They're delicious but I only ever buy them when I have a Groupon for the place. Which is fairly often, since it seems like there's always a promotion going on.I ordered the Thai shrimp wrap, it was very good and fresh. I'm usually hesitant to get lettuce or spinach on my wrap or sandwich because most place give you wilted lettuce but not city green it was very fresh. I was impressed, I would recommend this place to othersNice place, bit expensive. 
I made my own salad and pick egg to be in it, downside was the egg still had shellsAfter several days of New Orleans food, delicious but heavy on the grease and carbs, I really needed a healthy lunch. 
City greens delivered!  I had the shaved raw salad, and the arugula, beets, carrots, kale, Brussel sprouts, and radishes were exactly what I wanted!
I'd go back, and if there's a franchise in Austin, I'll be visiting!The food is good, but too expensive for what it is. Chicken wrap is great, Caesar salad also. The reason this review is 3 stars is because I have asked for a nutrition menu, through e mail and in person, about 4 times and they continue to send/hand me the normal menu. If you claim to be healthy, you need a nutrition menu....This place is great for vegans, vegetarians, and anyone who like super fresh and healthy salads.  The salads are prepared fresh in front you and they are super delicious.  There are a ton of options and you can build your salad if you want.  It can get a bit pricey if you try to customize too much, though.  I had the shaved raw market salad, which is a great vegan, gluten free option, but I add chicken for protein.  Also, any salad can also be made into a wrap.  My mom had the cowboy steak wrap and she loved every bit of it.  This place is great. I recommend it to everyone!This was a decision based on wanting a good salad and trying somewhere new. Sometimes it works well and sometimes it falls flat.
This is a flat moment. 
Salad was good but wayyyyyy overpriced. $25 for 2 salads and 2 bags of chips. 
It was a little difficult to find because it is connected with a Starbucks. Very clean place but did smell like dirt...considering it stresses farm to table I wasn't really surprised.  
The first server was ok, she let us try some dressing before we ordered.  The next two were a little off. They didn't have several ingredients that mom wanted and a few were actually on the menu.  The other one was a little rude.  The cashier, however, asked the patron before us to put money in the tip jar. 
Mom got a make your own salad with romaine, onions, avocado, eggs, Parma, pecans, carrot, and turkey. She had the Greek yogurt ranch dressing. I had a traditional Cobb with the Greek yogurt ranch dressing. 
The actual taste was good.  But to be honest,  I really couldn't tell the difference between their "natural" produce and store bought packaged salads.  We both had a piece of foccacia bread with our salad. I ate the whole thing and was full but not stuffed. Mom only ate half of hers. 
My favorite thing about this place was the fact they carry Terra chips in small bags.This place is way over priced and the salads look nothing like photos on their Instagram and website. Very disappointed. Imagine everything that you see in a photo mixed in a plastic bowl with wilted lettuce and minimal amounts of other ingredients.Just tried City Greens for the first time yesterday and it was awesome! I'd been missing the quick and healthy food you could get at the choose your own salad shops that are ubiquitous in NYC and other areas of country. The staff was friendly and helpful. There were lots of ingredient options and, most importantly, all of the ingredients looked fresh. I went with the Southwest Salad and added chicken. The Jalapeno Lime dressing was so good I could've drank it and the chicken was moist (not the dried out day old chicken you get at other places). They let you substitute ingredients, which is nice. The salad itself was huge and filling. I couldn't finish it all. I also had the house made Cucumber Lemonade that was also tasty and fresh. All of this totaled up to $16, which was a little on the pricey, but I'm willing to pay it for fresh, healthy, and quick food like this. Now we just need a City Greens in Uptown!I am NOT a salad person. At all. However, City Greens just gets it. For a while, I stopped here everyday for lunch because it was fast & pretty healthy & so so SO tasty. I'm not sure how, but City Greens has turned me into a salad person.I've gotten salad delivered (courtesy of Postmates) from here twice, and had an issues both times!  The first time they charged me for feta but didn't add it and this time I ordered a spinach salad and got romaine.  While their salads are decent, I'd like my order to be correct once in a while.  Today's salad was a disappointment. Their lack of attention to detail will definitely be keeping me from giving them a third shot.Had lunch with 2 coworkers, my day to pick up the tab. They wanted to come here. My first time, everything was very fresh, and tasted great. The only disconnect I had was the bill, $55 for all of us plus $10 tip. Didn't see that coming, but I'll be back!Incredibly fresh ingredients, great healthy options, and staff without are full of recommendations. The filet or seared tuna are amazing on any salad. The Southwest and the Quinoa, Kale, and Corn are my personal faves. The turkey avocado wrap is delicious too with the lemon dill dressing instead of dijon.Way over priced, tasteless, garbage!  The service wasn't bad, but the food is so terrible its not worth a try.This place is such a disappointment. 
Yeah, I wanna eat healthy, yeah I want that Denise Austin bod but not at this cost. 
The veggies are not fresh and they are overpriced. I'd rather go to La Madeline and have a $12 salad than pay $11 for trash. 
I am still open to the refinement and betterment of this place but I need some guidance. 
What is good here? Friends, help me out. I have tried a few chicken salads and have been reasonably disappointed. I wanna try it again under better circumstances (food).I asked for a Greek Salad and dude with baby gauges in his ears looked at me strange.  I felt out of place there.  It cost 20 bucks for salad and some juice that was atrocious.  Never going back there.  The salad was for my girlfriend and she said it tasted good.  I don't care though.  It cost 20 bucks.I've read Yelp for years and never had an inkling to create an account until trying this restaurant the other day. It left me asking one simple question: Where does this place get the balls??
So I work in beautiful, scenic Elmwood (yeah, I know, you're jealous) and my fellow co-workers and I decided to try this new place since it's a quick walk from the office. I was hoping it would offer an affordable, healthy alternative to normal lunch fare. We'd all heard that it's organic, fresh, yada, yada.
Once inside, I got the whole hipster douche ultra modern vibe that seems to be taking this hellhole of a city by storm. The only thing missing here was a Bywater squatter with a monocle riding a unicycle.
Lemme review my meal: the Thai peanut wrap with shrimp. Sounds good, but let's look at the details here. First, the "gulf shrimp" were on the service line already. Meaning they had been cooked (long?) before I graced the doorway with my shadow. So they were cold. And really small. And in a town known for great seafood, they somehow managed to have no measurable taste. The other ingredients were just blah. Fresh, no doubt, but blah. Nothing special, and certainly not mind-blowing or "spicy." Once completed, this $9.50 gem was overpriced by a solid $2-3. For a small, a la carte wrap.
Add in the ~$2 for chips (a necessary add-on considering the size of the wrap) and $1.5 for a bottled water (no tap for free for a hipster joint?), I was kissing $15 goodbye, just to be hungry again two hours later.
When we left, I felt like I had just left a wine and cheese party at Bill Cosby's pad.
Gets 2 stars in my book for the female scenery though. Chicks dig this joint apparently. And not the normal Harahan heifers all over this area.Five stars isn't even enough! My absolute favorite lol. I crave it every day. The BBQ chicken wrap is my go to! And the pop chips are a delicious accent!The Good: This place offers healthful options in a health desert. The ingredient options are surprisingly plentiful- though I would like a nut option that isn't candied. Service is quick and basic. 
The Bad: The prices are outrageous. Fresh Bar Uptown boasts the exact same concept and is much, much cheaper with fresher ingredients. The vinaigrette dressings (I've tried 3 now) are oily and flavorless and the lettuce is often wilted. 
This place is a great option for an overpriced, mediocre healthy meal. I just wish there was another option.This place reminded me of Salata from my tone in Dallas, except it is organic... Well, maybe they are... With words like "hydroponic, environmentally controlled greenhouse, herbicide, pesticide, natural resources, sustainable, fresh cut, from our farm to your fork," they certainly better be! 
I built my own salad $8.75 with baby spinach, seared spicy tuna $4, chevre free, egg free, watermelon free, peaches free, avocado $1, fresh basil $1, and an avocado vinaigrette. The portion us smaller than Salata, but Salata's portions are over the top. This is really an excellent size for a salad entree. 
They have Cold Pressed juice that they bottle on-site, but I could not stomach the $8 price ticket. Ouch. 
I opted for the Ripe Mango MASH Blood Orange low calorie sparkling fruit drink. Yummy and only $2.75.
Cons: the sneeze guard in front of the salad items is way too tall. I could not hear the worker and he could not hear me. The gentleman, who I assume is the owner mentioned that with a new location opening up, he already spec'd out a lower guard. 
Also, I would prefer to see the ingredients to select my salad ingredients, instead of reading them from a laundry list of a menu. So, maybe slightly larger in circumference, but shallower bowls for the ingredients... And maybe have a checklist sheet that one can fill out and hand yo the worker with everything already selected would be helpful too... (a la Chipotle to-go menu). 
I am super excited about this place, just wish they advertised more and we're in my neighborhood (Lakeview). 
Nice job, City Greens!Literally the rudest service I've ever experienced. The guy that took my order just grunted at me when I asked if he was the one taking my order. Then when I asked the lady putting my wrap together to repeat her question (that she mumbled after ignoring me for the customer behind me), she gave me a hefty dose of attitude. To top it off, she threw my receipt and credit card at me and just walked away. No one asked if I wanted anything else or a drink so I choked down my wrap dry. I will not be back. It's too bad too because the wrap was decent and they have some good healthy options, but apparently they had to scrape the bottom of the barrel to find their staff. 
I recommend avoiding this place.I would say two and a half stars... 
I had been meaning to try this place for a long time. When I saw they were offering a Groupon, I quickly bought it as I've heard the place is on the pricier side.
My boyfriend and I decided to split two different wraps and a salad so we could try a variety of things. He chose the Cowboy Steak Wrap and I got the Thai Chicken Peanut Wrap. We also got the Caesar Salad. We opted to get them to go.
The people behind the counter kind of acted like they wished they were elsewhere. Not much of a friendly vibe there at all. 
The Cowboy Steak Wrap was very good. It had a nice flavor to it. The Thai Chicken Peanut Wrap had very little flavor to it. There were no peanuts in it either. (??) The Caesar Salad was ok, but it did not have much of a robust flavor as we are used to. It was just kind of plain.
Overall, it was on the disappointing side. The Cowboy Steak Wrap was the only good thing out of the three things we purchased and it's on the expensive side at $10.95.
I may give this place another chance, but probably not anytime soon.Great salads that are the perfect size. Clean and modern setup that is perfect to eat in or carry out.This fast-casual salad/wrap place is located in Elmwood, next door to Starbucks(Parking is kinda limited, so carpooling/walking is suggested). The interior is clean and simple. The layout is very similar to a Chipotle/Izzos/Subway.
Service is definitely hit or miss here. The first time I came in, service was ok and my food came out the way I ordered it.  Not so much the second time.
The food - I ordered a Thai Chicken Wrap both times. The wrap is pretty good but the dressing tastes a little too sweet, so I suggest getting lite dressing. The portion of protein is slightly skimpy.
Service - The first time I went, my order came out great. The second time, it was like opposite day. I asked for a spinach wrap, I got the tomato one. I ordered lite dressing, I got a soggy wrap FULL of dressing. The line was also pretty unorganized. 
A wrap with no sides or beverage will run you about $10. Adding a side and beverage will run about $15 - A little on the steep side for dealing with subpar attitudes.Yay salad!  Yay BBQ chicken and Thai wrap!  My only qualm is that there are so many options, and with certain food allergies, I always feel bad having to customize every order. Nevertheless, staff is fabulous and always keep up & get it right. 
They grow all their greens right here in Nola too. Yay supporting the local economy in a super healthy way!  
But ummm...that ain't cheap, so you may need to cash in the change in your piggy bank at a coinstar to get the full experience, which means being able to get a frikkin' $4-5+ drink to wash it all down (something under $2 would really be a nice something new here). Look for groupon offers is my suggestion. Or bring a big purse to carry a diet coke.I eat here often when I'm traveling in the area for business. It is great if you are looking for something with healthier options. The Agava Chili Chicken on the spring menu is awesome. They were out of pressed juice when I went at 6:30pm which was disappointing but not a huge deal.This place has tons of surprising options. I made a Thai peanut sauce wrap with tofu, edamame, romaine, and carrots. The reason for 3 stars is the cost for the amount of food I got. Also, it was exactly what I expected from a place like this, not phenomenal with flavor, but not gross. If you have $13 for an average sized veggie wrap then this is your place.Nice spot if you are in the mood for a salad. I like the fact that you can build you own salad. They do have other options such as: Cobb, Caesar. Some placed will either place too little or too much salad dressing. Here you you have the option of light, medium, or heavy amount of dressing. My only complaint would be the pricing. It can be a little steep for just a salad. You do pay for what you get. I would eat here again if in the area.Love city greens! So fresh and everything I try I love! Especially the BBQ chicken wrap or the Vegan quinoa kale and corn salad! Just wish they provided more nutrition info than just calories.I've been to this place at least 10 times and it always taste absolutely amazing.  The only downside is that it's a little pricey, but the wraps / salads are huge. You can easily split a wrap with someone and be full.
The service is always great and they always allow you to swap ingredients out. There is nothing more frustrating than ordering something that is perfect except for two things on it that you don't like and having to pay for something you will simply remove. Big thumps up that they allow you to swap these items for something else you prefer. Not all restaurants do this and many want to charge for it.
The best wrap I've had has shrimp, chicken, goat cheese, bacon, avocado, baby spinach, walnuts and white cheddar cheese with either honey mustard dressing or fig vinaigrette. The wrap in the photo is this without chicken / cheddar cheese.We love City Green's salads and the atmosphere they provide. However, today the counter was covered with flies and a customer before us in line left. After paying and receiving our salads, the area where the utensils are stored was very dirty, including the utensils themselves. This won't be my first choice of restaurant in the future.I tried City Greens at Wednesday at the Square and loved the salad. I've never been able to make it to the Poydras site and was super excited to hear that they were opening a new location right across the street from my work!
I've been here multiple times at lunch and once during dinner and have had a few different items (Southwest salad, no onions add chicken; Quinoa, Kale and Corn salad, add chicken; Shaved Raw Market salad, no onions add chicken; Thai peanut chicken salad and as a wrap.) I've found the salad to be reasonably priced when I do not add chicken (an extra $3) to the salad. For a restaurant that has just opened (with extremely long lines) the service is very quick and the food is fresh. The only thing I wish they did was chop the salad because some of the lettuce is quite large. Maybe this is something they can add to both locations. 
I really did not enjoy the Raw Market Salad. It was good, just a little on the sour side and had too much dressing. When you order your salad and wraps they ask you if light, medium, or heavy dressing. If you are not a big fan of dressing I would opt for the light because there is a lot on there.
For your first wrap or salad I would get the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap or salad. 
I will go again...probably next week!All is right in the world now! City Greens stuck to their word and comped my salad since they gave me the wrong one last time. And it wasn't too painful : ). I ordered the Fresh Greek Salad; next time i'll tell them to hold the onions WOOH... their were a lot, and boy they were STONG!. BTW I love their soups just as much if not more then the salads, I cant wait till summer because the gazpacho is SOOOO GOOD!City Greens is probably one of my favorite frequent restaurants I visit. Their ingredients are always fresh and grown in their garden. I swear I can taste the difference. I'm a big fan of the Turkey Avocado wrap and the Seared Tuna wrap. The location in Elmwood is pretty, with a modern feel and tons of natural light. I like the environment at this location, especially compared to the colder, no frills, business oriented location in the CBD. In the future, I'm hoping for more exciting monthly or bi-monthly specials. When you're craving something healthy that leaves a refreshing feeling after eating, come check out City Greens!Let me start by saying that I often have a difficult time finding a place for my kids to eat as both of them have Celiac Disease. I was excited to find this place as it is on my way home and and option for us when we have to run errands and will be getting home late. They are careful not to cross contaminate the food with wheat. They have several salad and salad dressings that are GF.  Jaylssa remembers the order my girls usually get (spinach club, split into two bowl, one with no onion. One with dijon and one with onion vinaigrette)  and knows that they can't have wheat. It is nice to go to a place where the employees take your concerns seriously. 
Now to review the food. The Spinach Club salad is delicious. My 6 and 10 year old split one because two salads would be to much for them. They always clean their bowls. My new favorite is the Southwest salad (no onions). The lime dressing on this is wonderful. The salad has tons of flavor and plenty of toppings. 
My only real issue is that I feel the salads are a bit overpriced. And the drinks and chips are certainly overpriced. That is the only reason for a loss of a star.  But that for us, won't keep us from going back. I am really happy to have a safe option for feeding my girls.Is it delicious? Absolutely! Would I go back without my groupon and pay full price? Probably not. 
I had the southwest salad turned into a wrap, with no meat added because the black beans are all the filling protein I needed, and I was satisfied. The jalapeño lime vinaigrette was scrumptious, despite negative reviews about unflavored vinaigrettes. But if I wanted meat added or didn't have my groupon, I would be reluctant to pay $9. 
My boyfriend had the Thai peanut wrap with chicken and he loved his as well. His came with meat, so his $9 was a little better spent. We decided to take it to-go and drink our free water at home rather than pay for a drink and chips there. Our bill was $2.75 + $7 groupon, so for $10 this was excellent. 
My boyfriend asked how much lower the prices would need to be for me to go back and pay full price, and I'd say at least $1.50 less per wrap or salad.Neat, but overpriced and small portions compared to other salad places. Not much else like this in the area though, so its still nice.My wife liked her salad but the dressing, not so much. She suggests adding like raspberry vinaigrette for a fruity dressing. Also, adding more fruits to the list of available salad toppings. I liked my soup, though. French onion with filet bits in it. Service was great.My first time here. Good healthy alternative to fast food.  Got the tuna ponzu salad but they didn't have tuna so I substituted shrimp. But the beauty is you could sub any protein for the tuna, even tofu for a vegetarian alternative.  Everything is very fresh and made to order.  Bottled drinks and ice tea are the beverages of choice. Which makes drinks a little more expensive.  No fountain drinks at all.  
The store is clean and the staff are friendly. You can see the prep area which is also clean.  I would definitely come back when I'm in the Elmwood area.Pretty pricey and small portions but must say the salads are very good. The kids working behind the counter look really sad. One threw her squeeze bottle of dressing down and it went all over me and the lady behind me.It has gone downhill. They are often out of several items and it is not ever very clean behind the counter.I really love this place! I've gone two times. I'm really impressed by the freshness of their ingredients. The first time I got one of their seasonal salads. My second go round, I decided to get the Southwest salad. The jalapeño lime dressing that comes on it is like.....incredible. 
Most "southwest" salads come with ranch dressing, which I really dislike. This dressing was so fresh and much lighter than ranch. When they ask "light, medium, or heavy" for the amount of dressing, I say "heavy." I said "medium" the first time and I had to ask for more and I'm really not one to drench a salad. 
The portion size is appropriate for what you pay. It's definitely a big salad. I will definitely return to this place many more times.Went in there for a quick bite.. Tried the veggie wrap with tofu.. They put in too many green leaves leaving behind very less flavor from other veggies and sauces.. May be I made the wrong choice.. However the ambience is very modern and calming for a busy day quick bite.I am not a health food fan. I like a greasy spoon! I have been here twice. I didn't hate it! The soup was actually good and the salad was tolerable considering I prefer a burger. Everyone was super perky and the place is very cool.The food was so fresh and delicious. I ordered the southwest salad, a side of seaweed salad, and a bottle of their in-house cucumber lemonade. The lemonade was so crisp and refreshing, and the salad was topped with a wasabi lime ranch that was delicious and really opened the sinuses without a burning spice. 
The staff was friendly enough, though not particularly chatty. Which is fine. 
It was a beautiful day so I dined on the patio which was very spacious. The modern design and typography on the City Green products is beautiful. I would eat here all the time if I lived here. Loved their extra wide forks for salad.Had the Southwest salad. Flavors were actually good. The only problem I have is that if I pay $10 for a salad I don't expect the lettuce to be completely wilted!! The salad dressing came on the side but I guess they washed it right before placing it in the plastic container and the salad was completely mushy! Maybe I should've eaten it there! Also there avocado but it's a half, nice portion but should've been cut up.  Not sure if I'll return. Good concept but poor execution!!Simple and clean atmosphere. Went for lunch and there was a rush we luckily missed. I used a groupon that cost me $10 & got me $15 in credit. The taco truck wrap was good!! Great combination of fixings. The chicken and vegetable soup was not good. Mostly broth and only one piece of chicken, so they lost a star. The staff was pleasant but a little pushy with my coworker whom was ordering for the office so lost a star there. Idk if I'll be back but we shall see!Stopped here for a quick lunch and it was simply amazing. Everything is made to order. They have a great selection of greens for salads and amazing topping. I grabbed a ginger shrimp wrap  and it left me speechless. I can't wait to visit this spot again. Looking forward to trying the fresh juice.Tried this place for the first time. I have to admit at first glace I was impressed. Sleek hipster clean look and healthy foods to go with my healthy lifestyle. Big downside to this place is it's not kid friendly. They have no kid menu and nothing toddler friendly to eat there. My flyin hawaiian salad was absolutely delicious but my 2 year stayed hungry until we got home. The owner let me know they are working on a kids menu which makes me excited, hope it comes soon!I do enjoy the food here but I don't enjoy a business that closes and locks its doors 15 minutes early.  Based on the 'plethora' of healthy late night options available, if you post that you are open until 9:00 pm on your door (new spring hours) then don't lock your doors until 9:00 pm.  I drove there and home before their 'close' time.  
Thank you, but no thank you.I ordered a turkey salad and there were barely turkey in it. The lettuce and spinach looked old and soggy. For the price, I expect a big portion and not a kiddy bowl. Only thing that was good was the cucumber lemonade.Heard about this place through a friend. Thought it would be nice but I guess not...
So I walk in at around 3:45 and wasn't even greeted which is a big thing to me especially being a first time customer. It took them 2+ minutes for the guy to come from the back and greet me with a "what do you want?" Umm... hello to you too?? That was kind of rude. Anyways, I looked at the menu and they have salads for around 8-13 dollars and for ONE SALAD that's pretty pricey if you ask me. Being health conscious, I asked politely where their ingredients came from and to this day I'm still waiting on an answer (you would think an employee would know this). But it's whatever. So I decided to build my own salad. In the process of my salad being  created they ran out of not one... but two ingredients that I wanted. Fine, I'll just pick something else. Was going to dine inside until I realized there were flies flying around the restaurant (how unsanitary). The nice lady cashier let me taste the organic black tea which tasted like it's been sitting out since yesterday. So after all that fiasco I ended up paying 14.95 for my one salad. 
Well lucky me, they forgot the chicken and quinoa in my salad while I was on my way to my overnight job. So I had to travel the two miles back to get my ingredients and go back to this rude, unsanitary place they call a restaurant. I addressed the situation and asked for a manager who supposedly wasn't there. Umm, what? What business doesn't have the manager available? And on top of that I did get my ingredients but heard no apology from anyone. Really thought after everything this salad would be good but it ended up bland and soggy even after I asked for medium dressing. And I had to end up leaving work early because of a really bad stomach ache. Idk... maybe something was undercooked?
To conclude, this was by far the worst experience I've had at a restaurant. With the food, employees, and unsanitary atmosphere I won't be too surprised if this place doesn't stay open for long. Well it was worth a try. New Orleans has way better restaurants than this. Who would want to eat a salad in New Orleans anyways? Good bye and good riddance, I would rate zero stars if I had the chance and I will not be suggesting this place to anyone.Ok, ok. I'm not a fan of anything chain-y (c'mon I live in New Orleans!) BUT I was surprised by this place! The Harahan location was busy, but quick! I ordered a salad made into a wrap and it was delicious! Price isn't too bad, considering most salad places are overpriced. I definitely didn't expect the quickness. Place was also clean and sleek and great for a quick drop in for something healthy. Thanks for the delicious Beet Street salad wrap, City Greens!Great option for lunch. Build-your-own wraps and salads with seemingly endless combinations. Fresh juices also available.great spot to hit up for lunch in the elmwood area - and thank god for that. there's nothing worth a damn in that area, as far as healthy eats go. albeit it's a little pricey for a wrap that's predominantly greens, i thoroughly enjoyed my wrap. i got the turkey & avocado wrap and added chevre to it. i liked how the turkey was literally shredded. one downside was that there was way too much dressing on it. i'd likely go without dressing and sub something else, like walnuts. 
everything was fresh and tasty. i did grab one of the cucumber lemonades and regretted it after i saw that it was $3. not worth it in my book, but it was pretty decent. from my understanding, you can order any of the salads as a wrap, which should be the case because all of the wraps are basically a salad wrapped up. duh.The people working were nice enough.. they were out of a lot of stuff which I suppose isn't their fault. My boyfriend ordered a chicken wrap from the menu and the person making it just didn't put the chicken. The napkin dispensers were broken and dirty, the recycle bin was overflowing, and one of the toilets didn't flush (and looked like it hadn't been touched in days)..
I've been to a different location in Metairie and I think that's the one I'll stick to if I decide to go again.I just got done eating here. Upon entering the salad maker already seemed like he hated the job, very monotone and rude initially. I ordered a salad, romaine lettuce, Caesar dressing, cranberries and Parmesan. Along with my family who ordered some drinks. The people charged me for a "Caesar salad", "chicken", "beets" and "basil". I did not get any Parmesan first of al. After bringing the receipt and salad to the cashier telling him that the "Caesar salad" should contain parmesan and croutons anyway so why were we charged for "beets" and "basil" which I'm assuming was laziness for "Parmesan and cranberries".  After bringing this to the attention the cashier said "we charged you for what you have, it costs money to eat lady" (talking to my mother). I have pictures of the receipt and the salad top the guys marked. Never going to eat at this one again. The one in old metairie is great and worth the drive.I knew this spot had opened in Elmwood but I couldn't find it. I finally figured out that it was next to the Starbucks in the area adjacent to the Home Depot. Finding the place - Mission 1 accomplished.
Salads can be made into wraps with no upcharge so that's cool. They had a standard menu (which included tofu...in the suburbs!) and a seasonal menu. I went with the tuna & satsuma wrap from the Winter menu. Of course, since it's actually March, satsumas are pretty much done so they subbed in pears, with my permission. And said the menu would probably be changing this week. Points for seasonality and for a great staff.
Great (if a bit pricey...but y'know salad restaurant) health choice in Elmwood. Parking lot is kind of a pain, especially if their are beaucoup people at the 'bucks.
Bonus outdoor seating for a pretty daySo I'm really wishing we could give half star ratings. I'd give this place 3.5 stars. I'm really stuck between 3 and 4 by that's indecisive me.This was my second visit and I can't remember what salad I got on my first which means it wasn't very memorable. 
This time I got the taco truck wrap. It was tasty and fresh. The spinach wrap was nice and soft. Just be prepared for serious onion breath with this one. The service was quick but no friendly vibes or patience at all. If the service would have been friendly this place would have a solid 4. The prices are a little bit high by when I consider what I would spend eating dinner somewhere else that isn't healthy at all I don't mind it that much. I'll probably give them another chance and hope I get a salad maker with some more patience and friendliness. 
Oh and they have sriracha out as a bonus Mmm spicy love