Went back for a second try and I can honestly say I'm disappointed!! This time I decided to try the fish and grits...of course being from Louisiana you'll expect fresh catfish but it was frozen!! The inside of the fish was like rubber and the presentation of the food was horrible! Basically my $7 was a waste this morning...and no more hot glazed donuts!!! There was a cooling rack off to the side where they would exchange the empty trays for a new tray of donuts...Love this place! The breakfast burrito is excellent. It's perfect for one person, or to share if you're also getting a donut (or two or three). The chocolate glazed and vanilla glazed donuts are freakishly good. I wasn't a huge fan of the red velvet donut, but the icing/frosting on it was good. The staff is very friendly as well.Ooooowwwweeee! Got a dozen assorted! Told the man surprise me anything as long as it is NOT filled. He promptly came back with 6 glazed, 2 sprinkled, 2 zebra striped, 2 chocolate glazed. These  were mouthwatering goodness! They just melted in my mouth similar to KK! I don't think my kids will ever want Tastee again! Heck, I won't either! LOL!The items you can count on being made every morning, like regular glazed, are fine. We also got a specialty caramel topped doughnut with pretzels on it that was clearly day old. Tough and chewy. 
Service was efficient and friendly.This isn't your normal cookie cutter donut joint. Their donuts are fresh & there's a big variety. Their apple fritters are some of the best I've ever had. I also had their shrimp po boy on bun and it was delicious. It's a great atmosphere, has a drive thru, & open 24/7!! Definitely my new chill spot.The donuts taste amazing and the shop is very clean and new. The only complaint that I have is that the donuts are almost never warm! There doesn't appear any warmers or heat lamps. They are open 24 hours which means there are donuts sitting out at lot. I think heat lamps or even warming the donuts before in the microwave would help their business tremendously, but like I said, the donuts taste amazing, they just need to be warmed! Great cafe!Very tasty donuts...and open at NIGHT! Genius.
They also have regular food, Louisiana fare, but we only had the donuts. Gobbled them down too quickly for a picture, but they were good.Yummy breakfast sandwich on toast! Warm donuts! Friendly service! Drive thru is a plus!Donuts are good but service is iffy, so you may or may not get donuts especially if you are waiting in the drive thru. One, no menu. Two, I watched four new customers WALK In after I drove up and be serviced, with not so much an acknowledgement from the employee. Dumb.Am glad to see that this locally owned diner/donut shop opened up in such a great location! Tons of parking, a drive thru window, great classic donuts and local favorites such as Shrimp and Grits, all well priced! Better yet it's open all day and night 24/7!When you want a yummy late night treat! The donuts are fresh. My blueberry cake donut seemed old but the lemon filled glazed/ the plain glaze/ and the glazed cake donut was very good. I had the fish and grits as well with cheese. I did request 3 scrambled eggs and I didn't receive them but there's no way to add eggs to the meal on Postmates:( I could tell it was made fresh but by time I received it ; my food was cold :( My delivery was 6 mins until drop off... So I think it took a long time for the driver to pick up. Idk but I would order again my food had the potential to be greatGood selection of traditional and fun donuts, good prices, friendly staff, and good coffee! Good breakfast options. The shop is clean and nice. Would recommend!First things first, is that there are many donut options to choose from! The best thing about the place is that they continue to make fresh donuts throughout the day...while I was waiting for my breakfast burrito, at least three trays of hot glazed donuts came out and they sold very quickly! Only reason for four stars is because they're a new establishment and needs to work out some kinks when it comes to their food ordering system. There was a bit of confusion between my order and another customer...which made the wait quite longI arrived at 7:00 on Sunday morning.  Slow service in drive thru. The cold donuts were okay but not as good as most others in the area.  Seems like they had been sitting around for a while.Large Variety Of Pastry Which Should Satisfy Various Palates , Prices Are Very Competitive So Its All Individual Liking !Very fresh taste. Nice clean renovation to the former dump of a building. Staff was very nice.  Lots of seating available.Always drive by this place but 1st time stopping in and glad we did.  Lots of different donuts, breakfast/lunch items at good prices. Tried a variety of donuts...glazed, jelly powdered, red velvet, and strawberry cake donut.  Glazed donut was light, fluffy, and delicious.  Cake donuts were just ok.Quite possibly the best donuts I've ever had. I'm not even much of a donut eater, but there is something about this place makes me reconsider. The donuts in the morning are extremely fresh. The also have breakfast sandwiches, breakfast platters and delicious iced coffee. My only issue with this place is that it's so conveniently located on my morning commute, that I'm going to have to work hard to not stop here too often. They are 24 hours too, so y'all pray for me!Nothing special. It's clean inside, but some of the special donuts, ie anything besides glazed looked like they had bees sitting there for a while. It didn't look like their business supported the amount of donuts they had out. 
I ordered the glazed which were soft, but not warm. They were ok. I didn't like how the person reached over all the other donuts to give me the ones in the back. This caused the sweater she was wearing to dangle over the donuts in the front.Sooo, I had really high hopes for this place. First visit, when they had only been open a few days, I was excited to find out that they have more than just donuts. They also have regular food. I ordered a breakfast plate only to discover later after waiting they didn't have the majority of the items needed to make the plate. Like no hash browns, no grits, no turkey bacon or sausage (they don't sell pork) etc...they offered me a free glazed donut for the inconvenience which was nice but I didn't care for the donut at all. It was a lil too doughy and undercooked or something. Some pluses are the server was nice and the place is clean. Another plus is they are open 24 hours. I tried them again a second time today after my father purchased some donuts from there and offered me some when I was visiting his home. I had a glazed chocolate twist. It was so so. However, I had not eaten anything else but the donut and shortly after I became very nauseous. I think this will be a place I go possibly after a late night of hanging out but nothing more.I eat doughnuts all over the city , these were terrible. I got the red velvet, the king cake and the apple fritter, also what they called a kolache which was nothing like a kolache. This is one to skipI happened upon City Donuts one lazy morning when I ordered Postmates. BEST DONUTS EVER. Jesus. I can't get enough of them.I've never been disappointed with this place. I always order the hot sausage sandwich and for a decent price, it's great quality and its a decent amount! The donuts are great too!Their blueberry cake donuts are amazing. We enjoyed the apple fritter too. Quick service and low prices. Definitely worth it to stop in!Worst donuts ever, never fresh. They tell you the donuts are hot and fresh, they give em to you and there cold as ice. The texture doesn't even taste legit. There's better donuts than this.Good food prices decent. Only thing is I had to wait nearly 20 minuets for my food at the drive through window. I eventually got out of my car went inside to get my food. Other than that staff is friendly and food is good.Great fast customer service always hot donuts and food to eat the kitchen is always cook when orders are made so plate are always hot.This place has only been open a few months and I really like this place. Small food menu and the donuts are delicious. And as I'm writing this, I'm finding out that they're open 24hrs a day. Plus they have a drive through! It's good to have a good new spot that's open late. Especially when there are donuts involved lol.This is my favorite donut shop. The customer service is great and they always keep the place clean. The donuts are always fresh and soft and taste amazing. They even make honeybuns that taste like funnel cake which I think is awesome! If you're ever on Claiborne, I recommend this place for breakfast, lunch, or even dinner (:These happen to be the BEST donuts I've ever had! The donuts melt in your mouth, and are always hot and fresh! I love the location, the connivence of the drive-thru, and the service. Also, it is very clean and  organized! Usually, they don't take too long with the order. This is my new go-to donut shop! They make everything daily! Their sandwiches are also AMAZING! Overall, amazing service! Must try!!! Can't wait to check out their new locations, I don't expect anything but the best!This is my first time coming here, and I probably will never come back. Upon entry we were not greeted, and when it was time to order, it seemed as if we were a burden to the girl behind the counter. They also only offer turkey based meats, which way be fine to some if that is your preference. Still there should be an option for those who prefer otherwise. Also, i asked for a scrambled egg on my breakfast sandwich and got an egg fried hard, which also tasted terrible. Overall, this was one of the worse breakfast experiences i have had in 27 years of life, and i have been from coast to coast, which also says alotI don't usually review places, but this place has the best donuts in the city! We regularly bring them to church, and every time people ask where they are from and talk about how they usually don't eat donuts but can't stop eating these!I had the philly steak breakfast burrito. It was yummy! Wide variety of pastries.  Husband had shrimp and grits. The shrimp was good but the grits were pretty runny. Will come back for sure. Love having a night little joint like this right down the street!My friend and I stopped in after work tonight hungry and wanted some different. I would rather pull my toe nails off and eat them then ever going back again. There was one man eating and just us. My friend ordered her food (after repeateing it 10 times maybe more) and paid then she stated I needed to order. Someone walks in and she starts dealing with his to go order. Okay fine. I use to manage restaurants, I get it. The worker has blue gloves on, touching her face, clothes everything but her pussy and never changed gloves. Finally after waiting, I tell her I needed to order. She starts mumbling under her breath, she asked me 5 times how I wanted my PO boy. The kicker is, I said dressed no pickle n extra mayo. Who couldn't remember that?? After the 5th tune asking how I want it I asked her if she wanted me to text it to her? This bad wig wearing bitch starting "trying" to book me. We went back n forth. How I get thrown out a donuts shop. She should have got thrown out for that wig. My friend asked for a refund, that lady told her they don't do refunds, y'all running a business or a concessions stand?? Will never go back. Up town y'all can have that place and it's roaches on the table . Only other one star because it makes uI haven't been to the location personally, but I have ordered delivery from them multiple times(5+). Some things that upset me over the process is that they substitute without contacting (not okay when you sub it with something I don't like). They also send you one donut instead of the dozen you asked for (2 times so far).
The hot sausage sandwich is good. The philly steak bun is good, but could be a bit cheaper. The fish and grits needs more fish on it to be worth the price. The shrimp and grits is okay. The breakfast platter is okay (but much to be desired compared to basic cornerstore breakfasts). 
I usually order blueberry cake donuts. Those are my favorite. My recent delivery order of a dozen had them send me 1 donut before sending it back to be corrected. 3 of the donuts were good. The rest were not in the proper donut shape (thicker and shorter without the hole in the middle) . The issues with shape would have been fine, but I guess the thickness made it so the donuts were not fully baked through. 
BTW I order from waitr mostly which has the least exaggerated price buff.I only gave this 1star because i basically had too 1st off i waited in the drive thru like 30 mins to even order my food then when I finally order the lady forgets my food order after me waiting 20 mins if i hadn't already paid i would have driven off. 2nd thing after she told me to pull around so she can bring my order to the front I still waited 15 mins for my food so when I finally got my order it was HORRIBLE the grits were cold and hard the sausage was burnt to a crisp the eggs were fried on a in cleaned grill (it had old grease taste and look) the burrito i ordered was dry they didn't have nothing it was supposed to have on it but hard turkey bacon!!!! The only thing that was good was the bow tie donut I ordered and I ate that while I waited forever to get my food!! I traveled from one side of the city to here and was very dissatisfied with the service and the food! I would never recommend this place to anyone and I would not be back at all I have it in my mind to drive back and ask for a refund why should I pay for something I cant even eat or half way enjoy?? 16.00 down the drainEver since freret poboys and doughnuts closed down, I've been looking for a place to get doughnut breakfast sandwiches, and let me tell you: City Donuts does the job and MORE y'all. I got a donut breakfast sandwich for my sister and that was good/exactly as expected. Then I try and up the ante and order a donut cheeseburger. Oh my god, they f--ked around and gave me the Big Mac of donut cheeseburgers. I got a whole-ass donut in the middle of this cheeseburger. And it was damn good. Coffee tasted a lil soapy but idgaf, the food is good. It ain't City Coffee. It's mf city DONUTS. Heck yeah.
Oh also, the people who work there are amazing! Very funny and down to earth. They gave us free ice cream also. Idk why. Definitely didn't need it after those doughnut sandwiches but absolutely grateful for it. Love y'all.This place is amazing! We've never had donuts like this before.  The donuts are very delicious and they're open 24/7. Their iced coffee was also delicious. So cheap, so fresh and the staff were so friendly!Impressed! My first time trying this place.I thought I was ordering regular old plain glazed donuts, on the menu the choices are nondescript at best so under sweets it had regular or fancy. I went with regular, trusting the big donut on the ad to be my guide lol. To my unexpected surprise I opened one of the boxes in my order. I was  Excited to say the least at what I saw nestled in the layers of paper..... delicious , hot ,HUGE ! specialty donuts! Also got the Monty Cristo spin-off sandwich ,(too die for, literally so freaking good!A must try!) which on top of the excellent Monte Cristo made with the same donut combo grilled to give an amazing crunch was the best surprise I have gotten ordering food from a new place , sight unseen and was blown away by what I thought was a regular donut shop throwing out Foodie cuisine! Hidden in plain site this place probably gets passed up a lot by tourists who have no idea the gastric heaven awaiting them because of the bland nondescript advertising! Definitely got to try these guys, they won't disappoint!If you want cheap poorly prepared food, this is the place.  I had a shrimp platter and a Diet Coke for around $18.  The shrimp were tiny and there was one small inadequate packet of commercial tartar sauce.  Fries were ok. Cold slaw was completely wilted and inedible.  I was eating in my car and tossed the whole bag of garbage out the window onto the parking lot.  Stay away!The donuts were alright, but either go there in person or pick it up yourself (don't order it to be picked up through a 3rd party delivery) so you can be sure the restaurant will give you your whole order. The restaurant forgot several items out of my order and I have no way of retrieving what all they forgot. Completely wasted $25 this morning.I needed a breakfast delivered on Thanksgiving because I was feeling lazy. City Donuts popped up on Postmates. The prices were reasonable, and the food isn't anything to rave about. We had two orders of the City Breakfast and one Breakfast burrito. The burrito hit the spot. I think that's my new go to breakfast dish. The City breakfast includes grits, scrambled eggs turkey bacon or turkey sausage and white or wheat toast. The turkey sausage is not good. The toast didn't have any jam. I think it had butter on it before it arrived. The grits were nice and buttery. Maybe if we actually visited the establishment, it would have been a better meal. This was just an ok and checked the block type of breakfast.Ordered a sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich on "French" I was assuming it would be French toast but sadly it was not... they should seriously consider adding this option to their menu. Even tho my sandwich wasn't on French toast it was still good, my girlfriend got donut holes and seemed to be pleased with them. Plus they have good chocolate milk.Donuts were pretty fresh and tasty. I will definitely be coming back.  Drive through was a bit slow but still convenient.Amazing Donuts! Amazing Service! Definitely would recommend. I drove all the way from the Westbank for donuts from here. Even their food is greatby far, the best glazed donuts i've ever tried! i ate about 3. very similar to krispy kreme but they have more of a doughy texture. sweet & soft! definitely recommend this place for their glazed donuts! beyond satisfied. highlight of my trip :)I'm always on the hunt for a good blueberry cake donut and holy moly this is the best one I've had EVER! I'd take a pic but I bought this on my "ride of shame" back to my house early this morning and it's gone now. 10/10 will be back!Visited the newly opened Marrero location. I have to say this is the best glaze donut I have ever had.Very poor customer service. A Grubhub order was confirmed after 20 minutes and cancelled 30 minutes later. With no explanation I can't give them less than 1 Star. If you weren't going to make the delivery, then don't keep me hanging for almost an hour whilst you figure it out ‍Good afternoon listen my name is Ronnie Mitchell I had stopped by City donuts for a very long time and this morning was very unusual we were gauging in the conversation just a casual conversation the owner had rested me as if I was stupid or illiterate or can't comprehend I don't know if he is I have an anger problem or just totally disrespectful toward African-Americans it seems to me that African-Americans are only people that are working for him that's in the kitchen it makes you wonder doesn't it good afternoon listen my name is running Mitchell I had stopped by City Donuts for a very long time and this morning was very unusual we were dating dinner, station just a casual conversation the owner address did me as if I were stupid or illiterate or can't comprehend I don't know if he is have an anger problem or just told it disrespectful towards African-americans it seems to me that African-americans only people that are working for him that's in the kitchen it makes you wonder doesn't it his attitude with disgusting despicable maybe he needs an attitude check maybe if we wouldn't trade business is with him maybe he would understand they where he's located it's right in the heart of African American communities think about it we've come a long way not to be treated any kind of way my suggestion if you need donuts that's your decision not mine have a blessed daySo good. I order on uber eats all the time. The donuts are hot and fresh. My favorite ones are just regulars glazed. The burger is good too!!Why have a drive through when your employees don't acknowledge people at the window?? I've been here 2 other times and the same has happened. Right now I'm sitting here watching the girl inside watching me. Done with this place.No donut holes showed up, and this is the third; and last time I trust yelp and/or city donuts to fulfill my orders. I'm out!!!!I was in 3rd Ward and this was nearby and open. The upside: the staff is friendly, the place is clean, the parking lot is well lit and it's not hard to find.
I got 2 Red Velvet Donuts (they were ok...a little too much dye made them a little bitter)....and 2 Glazed Cake Donuts that we're very good.
I also ordered food...a hamburger and fries for a friend and the seafood platter for myself. The hamburger I requested dressed. The cashier didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked so I didn't specify....my mistake. It was well done on the outside and rare on the inside...UGH. But I think what was worse than that was the bottom bun was SOGGY, SOGGY, SOGGY.  I would have asked for the bun in a separate container had I known that was to be the outcome. 
On to the seafood platter...I felt my BP climbing as I ate. It was SALTY...not inedible but when you add the amount of food and the bad burger experience, I should have passed. 
I will go back for another try at the donuts!Donuts and food are delicious and service is great! We just moved near here and we are tempted to come every dayNikki is so nice and helpful, she always makes sure I get my order fast, and it's always perfect!!!So good. Tried sausage/egg/cheese on (huge) French bread roll, breakfast burrito, and some donuts. All were excellent! Thank you for being open on New Year's day for those of us who were getting a slow start!Came to New Orleans for a Christmas vacation, we arrived late so we stopped by City Donuts & Cafe. First off the customer service is totally outstanding, we were greeted and given advice in regards to the menu items. The donuts are superb and the food is delicious. You will not be disappointed, very large portions for the price.This place is the worst, they have a drive through but I have literally been in their Togo window for over 15 min n w no one taking my order my order as they sit in the window and laugh at you as you wait for them to come. Melonie is the worst. I waited in her to go line for over 15 min as she stood there talking to other employees instead of taking my order.Went in there to get doughnuts, seen a male worker picking up doughnuts with bare hands, disgusting ! And with the coronavirus, you'll think they would know better. I will never eat anything from there again.City Donuts has the donut you expect from your childhood. It's not fancy but it is fresh and delicious. The drive through makes it too easy to grab a dozen glazed donuts. The price cannot be beat. I am happy we have a traditional donut shop in the neighborhood.Oooh Oooh Oooh I love donuts good donuts but you know when donuts are good when they are COLD! The first time I came it was way after midnight and got two donuts for $2.00 perfect and I wen Tom my way totally wished I had got 3.
So today I stopped went thru the drive thru and they where very quick took my order I paid with a card today and I got 3 glazed donuts D bomb.com like so soft and sweet I can only imagine them with a little warmth oooh ooh ooh!The staff was very friendly and helpful in my donut selection. Excellent donuts. This is a fantastic options for donuts in NOLA.Excellent food. Well prepared with friendly service. The red velvet donuts are AMAZING. Four stars because the person who took my order got it completely wrong. But when they fixed it, perfection.Good late night spot to order from but lately they're food quality has been lacking; cold donuts and giving out wrong orders.  It's a gamble on what type of service you'll get when ordering.Donuts are hit or miss. Mostly missing.  I visit there often as I work nearby. The donuts are only fresh when they have the glazed and you ask for them. I get 2-4 assorted and again today they are old. Stale tasting. Icing melting off and the filled ones are tough.TAKE-OUT TAKEAWAYS
1. 24/7 donuts, hot breakfasts and Po'boys
2. All platters are priced below $10
3. Drive thru window
4. At least 20 varieties in the display case
5. Ample indoor seating
6. Excellent location at Toledano and Claiborne.
But: beware, this is one of the most violent crime riddled commercial areas in the city.I've visited this place twice now. The first time I got 2 dozen donuts for my work place that went so fast I barely got one for myself. The second time I went for breakfast and I ordered the fried fish and grits. I gave 5 stars because the food is pretty good for a drive through donut shop but the customer service is A100. Very nice people that care for their customers and want to provide the best service they can. I saw employees go out their way twice for customers in the 15 minutes I was there.Best freshly made donuts in the city! The apple fritters are my favorite! Give their delicious king cakes a try too!The wedding cake donuts are really really good. I do not intend to ever try the real food. Just donuts thank you very much. Don't tell Gerald's.This place has to best glazed donuts in town. They carry another 50+ menu items. However, the other menu items aren't as great. This time I tried the 8 piece chicken wing plate. It turned out to be extremely tiny hot wings with unseasoned fries. Never seen "wings" so small ever. Previously tried a breakfast item and a fish plate and was equally disappointed. I'll stick with the donuts only from here on out.I don't know why it took me so long to stop by this yummy spot. I needed donuts for work and passed by and picked up a couple of dozen. They had a great assortment, including a large variety of cake donuts (my favorite). 
I was in and out quickly. The donuts were fresh and delicious. Service was courteous and friendly. And I loved my tiger twist, half regular/half chocolate twist glazed donut!
Now if they have apple fritters next time.... I'll be in real trouble.Every time we head to the Big Easy to visit our daughter at Tulane, this has become a must do stop at some point along the way. The doughnuts and other bakery items are wonderful. I've also had their fish which I was surprisingly cautious originally to try, but it left me satisfied for my journey back to Alabama. We usually pick up some day old doughnuts to bring home or provide to the homeless if not both. Nobody can tell they are day old!  Highly suggest adding this as a stop at this location or one of their others.Why do we have to wear mask in your restaurant but the lady breathing over the doughnuts doesn't have to?I've spent tons of money on this location on numerous occasions. I called in to put in one of my favorite orders for a friend and I. The heavy accent, non fluent English speaker rude and coldly cuts off my order to ask how will I be paying because the company has a sudden change in payment methods. She states, we have to pay with card over the phone, and I understand the sudden change. In return, I inform your City Donuts & Cafè employee that I will call back once I spoke with the friend I was ordering with on our payment choice. I called back over 10 times. To confirm your employee was the definition of unprofessionalism, after calling off of my personal phone over 10 times I've come to the conclusion she is purposely ignoring a business call! I call off my business phone for her to answer on the first ring! Proof she is ignoring my phone call specifically. Do you train your employees on customer service? I've spent too much money on this location to be degraded as a customer in return. Not only did I receive poor customer service but to put the cherry on top I received the worst PLATES (more than one) of shrimp and grits ever made from this location! I will never recommend this place to any human being.Service at drive thru got donut order wrong. They had to change to what we ordered.  The woman was nasty and said we did not order right. When we got our order back  there were fingure prints in donuts as if there was no care in replacing donuts.
Will  not return again.
We try to support local small business owners. This is the 2nd time this server has been rude. No more city donuts for us.The donuts were so good! Until I saw the guy in the back picking up hot glazed donuts with his hand & putting them on the pan. Without any gloves on, after he picked one up, he rubbed his hand on his apron and picked up another!!!! IWOULD NEVER EAT ANYTHING FROM HERE NEVER AGAIN!!!!Went there this morning for breakfast and lunch food. The cashier seemed lost. We ordered a seafood poorboy plain and a platter. I asked if they had hot glazed and I was told yes, he then came back and asked if I wanted him to warm my donuts because they weren't hot.  The restaurant was dirty and full of flies,  and leaking ceilings with buckets on the floor to catch the water. Or orders were completely wrong. Luckily they refunded us despite the huge sign that says no money back no refunds! Don't waste your time or money here!I had never been a fan of donuts. Why would someone waste empty calories on fried dough that leaves your mouth feeling greasy? Give me a piping hot zeppole, give me seventeen cannoli, give me a baker's dozen of the 6 oz Levain walnut choc chip cookies, but donuts? I scoffed at them. 
But that's because they were far inferior donuts, and Citi Donuts is what made me realize that. The donuts here are so good, even when they're cold. That's the mindboggling part to me. They honestly don't even look that good. But wow. You want to do some inner work of fighting your biases, start here. I did, and here's my reward summary. 
The filled donuts here are unlike any other. I had never liked the fake-sugary jelly at big chains' donuts - the only thing you taste is the food coloring (I'm gagging as I type this) - but not at City Donuts. The jelly is real. The lemon actually has just the right amount of tartness and the raspberry is, ugh - my favorite, and so good. The honeybun (cinnamon roll looking thing) sounds so plain, but the outer parts that are more fried will prove you wrong. And if you haven't had the buttermilk drop - get one and heat it up for 10 seconds. Thank me later. 
Don't stop at the donuts, though. Their grits are another class. I've had $30-dollar shrimp and grits that taste inferior to theirs. These are $8.29. Sure, it doesn't have the depth of the bouillabaisse, but never has onion and bell pepper swimming in oil tasted so good. And the liver and grits - liver tends to scare some people but - they're good, and at $7.99, what have you got to lose other than faith in my reviews?
I would put this place as a take-15-mins-to-visit spot when you're in NOLA. You're going to be walking around for hours listening to tour guides talk about history and ghosts anyway. (You absolutely must go to the WWII Museum, too, btw). Pop in and have some grits and pack yourself a snack for that tour. You'll go get beignets afterwards, but you won't regret having started here.
And if you missed it in the morning - it's open 24 hours.I crave donuts alot of the times and city donuts is the closet thing to me and has a drive thru! I love just a glazed donut so I was happy when we finally got to try some from City Donuts. I went on a Sunday I think around 10:30 AM and it was PACKED inside. So I decided drive thru was the best bet. Only one car in line and you have to pull up to the window to place an order. I order half dozen assorted and it was about $6. I got two glazed, two chocolate, chocolate sprinkle, and a caramel frost. I like donuts glazed all the way around but they don't do it here. Its like half glazed. I also wish that they were hot or even warm, but they were cold. I put mine in the microwave for about 5-7 secs. My fave was the caramel frosted! Definitely going back to try their kolaches and apple fritters and bear claw!