Appetizers set the bar high. The dark roux gumbo and signature crab salad (dressing changes often, we had sour cream and horseradish), were excellent. Sea scallops may have been the best we ever had, the crust was amazing. The pork chop was great, smokey sauce and sweet potato were a great combination. Would have given 5 stars, but beverage and food service were a bit slow for our taste....although we appreciated the experience, still should have been a bit quicker.Incredible food!!!  Never had soft crab before so decided to try it. So worth it!  The desserts were fabulous. The duck was melt in your mouth and they have a very nice wine selection.
So glad we gave it a try- all the way from Idaho!One of the most memorable New Orleans meals I have ever had.  I love Clancy's because it is so very New Orleans.  It's full of local blue bloods in their seersucker out to see and be seen.  One definitely feels that one is in the South here.
Start with a perfect Sazerac and the Oysters Rockefeller which are so decadently infused with butter and garlic.  All of the entrees are delicious and the service is impeccable but also friendly and helpful.  
End with the Lemon Ice Box cake.  My friends were getting married and wanted to have the cake shipped to Denver.  They called the restaurant and Clancy's ended up giving them the recipe.  Classy.The food here is excellent.   The scallops topped with foie gras was the best dish I've had in NOLA and in the last few years and I ate at most of the 5 star restaurants during a 4 month visit.   The veal chop and oysters bienville were also excellent.Really enjoyed our evening.  Tried the fried oysters and brie appetizer, very good.  Smoke duck for entree was also well seasoned, smoky, and a very full portion.  Desert was also excellent, coconut cream pie was excellent.  Meal was enhanced by my friends great picks from the wine list.  Will be returning.Guys - break out your seer sucker suit and ladies this place requires your Chanel bag! What a find! It's off the beaten track of tourist spots but that adds to the cache. The fois gras appetizer and soft shell crab entree are unique and so delicious. Absolutely save room for the lemon ice box cake- a twist on key lime pie. Ask for Paul- the most charming waiter around.What a classic New Orleans restaurant. We had the shrimp remoulade amazing!  The sweetbreads were so delicate and tasty. We had the chicken and the veal chop for our entrées. The chicken was surprising good. The veal chop however was tough and had to send it back. They were extremely helpful and even took it off the bill which made it a 5 star experience.amazing, hands down, no where else in the country will you have a dining experience like this, its expensive fine dining, but its worth it in every aspect, classic new orleans eateryBeautiful restaurant with wonderful servers! Great wine list and the bartender made an excellent amaretto sour. We had the Bibb salad, crab bisque, seared scallops and tri-tail. All of it was spectacular.I absolutely adore the cozy atmosphere - like you are dining in a friends house, but your friend just happens to be serving you dressed in a tux. You are really lucky that you stumbled upon my post... because the menu is nearly illegible.  With dim lighting and scrawled cursive, it's easy to just panic and point.  But don't.  I didn't have a chance to try the Fried Oysters, but I would still like to suggest them... based on the reviews from others.  What I can recommend with confidence is the Drum Fish with muddy waters and grilled shrimp and the Crawfish Etouffee.  But really, this place for me, was all about the dessert. A Lemon Ice Box Cake that refreshed the palate and a sinfully delicious Salted Caramel Custard. The neighborhood restaurant is located 20 or so minutes outside of the French Quarter, but in a pretty upscale area sprinkled with fun bars and lounges.
visit my blog for more New Orleans reviews: http://chelseagilson.blogspot.com/2014/05/a-long-weekend-in-new-orleans.htmlA bit of an old school field - waiters in white jackets. I echo previous reviews that this is not a dimly lit restaurant - it has white walls. Food was excellent. I liked everything we had - the veal liver as the entree; appetizers were baked oysters and sweetbreads.This is our go-to neighborhood restaurant.  We enjoy eating at the bar with Garth, the bartender.  There is a small television at the bar where whatever important game is on, but without sound, which is nice.  
Clancy's is one of those staple New Orleans restaurants where you'll often see a celebrity (local or otherwise).  But it's not some modern, overdone place.  Instead, the actual physical appearance is really quite plain (white walls, ceiling fans).  It's definitely not a dimly lit romantic kind of a place.  Maybe that's why we eat at the bar so often?  The people who work there have, for the most part, worked there for many years.  The atmosphere is relaxed, jovial, and friendly.
As far as food, I don't think it gets any better.  It is consistently amazing, and I have never--not once in the probably 30 times I've eaten here--been disappointed.  
We always start with the Boston salad (bibb lettuce, blue cheese, toasted walnuts, hearts of palm).  Split it between two people to save room.  Next is the fried oysters with brie (salty and creamy with some spinach underneath, simply amazing).  The baby drum dish is always great, as are the scallops and whatever fish they happen to have fresh.  I recently got the new shrimp pesto pasta dish and really loved it.  No matter what you order, get a side portion of the lobster risotto, you will be so glad you did!
Their lemon icebox pie is their most well known dessert.  Get it.  And enjoy.I went to Clancy's for dinner while on vacation in NOLA in December 2010.  We loved it! 
It's been a while since we were there, so I can't remember everything we ate.  However, you MUST get the oysters with brie appetizer -- it was absolutely delicious and we still talk about that dish to this day!
The restaurant was somewhat small and crowded, and we had to wait for our table even with a reservation, but the food was absolutely worth it.The best softshell crab and crab salad.   Great service,  great ambiance.   Highly recommended.   We took the trolley from downtown at 5:00 to Audubon Park.   We walked slowly through the park and arrived at the restaurant at 6:30.   It's a nice walk and a great way to get there.Delightful.  I had the risotto which was cooked with lobster and oysters in a mushroom sauce.  The house chardonnay was delicious and the chocolate cake for dessert was worth trying.  It would be 5 stars but I think there are other restaurants in the area that are better.Worth every penny!
The food was delicious! The waitstaff attentive but not obtrusive.  Upstairs setting was great- made us feel like we were in a private dining room. Definitely make a reservation.It's a bit on the pricey side, but the money is all on the food and service. Magical flavors in all their dishes. Full bar including the top shelf stuff for those of you with a lot of money to spend. Downstairs can be a little noisy, so if you're looking for a quieter dining experience, ask to be seated upstairs. And if you show up without a reservation you may be waiting a while.Great table, great staff, great food.  The sticks were wonderful and we were seated promptly.  The hostess was excelent and the food mouth watering. I had the famous smoked duck which is always a delight and you must have the crab salad it is the best in town.  My party of four had a wonderful time and this is a great New Orleans restaurant that is right in my neighborhood which I love.This is definitely a place for the locals! It's tucked away in a Garden District neighborhood, which presents a lovely ride in, and seems to be most frequented by people from the immediate surrounding area. Everyone was completely hospitable and the food was equally enticing. What I enjoyed most about this place is the way the staff interacted with their customers- something about it seemed completely genuine. Be sure to have a reservation- this place fills up quick!If you're looking for a great place for a romantic date or to bring some out of town friends for an amazing meal, go to Clancy's!  The fried oyster and brie and the seared scallop appetizers are spectacular and the the pork loin entree is amazing.  The steaks are also all amazing, and always perfectly cooked, and the lobster risotto is heavenly. I've never had a bad meal there, nor have I tasted something that wasn't absolutely amazing!  They also have some of best service in the business.  Alicia is an amazing FOH host as well and you're always treated so nicely.  It's off the beaten path but that doesn't mean that it's easy to get into.  Reservations are definitely recommended for larger groups but even if you don't have one, it's well worth the wait.  Fine dining prices for sure but WELL worth it!Crab salad with horseradish cream was great. Bread pudding was awesome.This place is AWESOME! You cannot go wrong on the food or drink.  Sit at the bar solo if you have to,  but put this place on your "Not to be missed" list.Just can't beat the old New Orleans neighborhood feel of Clancy's. Classic for a reason. The food is top notch and you must save room for dessert. Bread pudding, lemon icebox pie, I could go on.the short version:  wonderful!  Great food, great bar, great people.
This place caters to locals, and the hostesses and bartenders know their names.  As a tourist stumbling upon this place was truly a blessing.  
The food is ON POINT.  NOLA cuisine at its finest, though not its heaviest.  Upscale crowd, and very friendly and attentive service.  Knew it was goiung to be good when i saw the waiters were wearing tuxedos.
Those who want good food in a great, non-touristy Nawlins atmosphere go to Clancy's.Its something about waiters in tuxedos and white linen table cloth that automatically give off a good impression. 
This review is long over due but I'm sure within a year this place couldn't have changed that much. Best thing is I can only remember good things from my experience here. When we walked in, our coats were taken and we were led to our reserved table. From there we were given the usual introduction to our waiter and the menu. 
This restaurant is impeccable, especially the food. I had the roasted duck entree cooked medium. The sear, cook, and cut on each piece was uniformed. (The mark of a good chef).
Needless to say I greatly enjoyed this place. My only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the time it took our food to come out.One of the staples of New Orleans fine dining.  They execute every dish with precision.  We ordered the oysters & brie because everyone told me that I had to try it.  Brie isn't my #1 choice of cheese and fried isn't my preferred way to eat oysters, but the dish delivered.  Our table ordered a couple fish dishes, and one steak dish.  Everything was delicious, and I would recommend Clancy's to anyone that wants eat out, and isn't afraid to spend money on a delicious meal.best corn and crab chowder ever, i almost picked up and licked the bowl.Can be wonderful at times, at other times they will definitely treat those seated upstairs as lesser patrons. Ask for a table below and you'll get better service.Having eaten at most of the well known restaurants in NOLA, Clancy's was such a very pleasant surprise and now tops my list of favorites. It's definitely a neighborhood type restaurant, but ranks up there with the absolute BEST of the BEST. All three people in our party were exceptionally pleased with our appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert choices...all OUTSTANDING. Months later I am still dreaming about the lemon ice box pie.I'm adding this b/c someone else has posted about a Clancy's that is closed. This Clancy's (the only one I've ever known) is alive and well in uptown NO.  For me, Clancy's epitmizes Uptown New Orleans.  The food has some creole elements (you can - and should - get their fried green tomatoes), but it's the high level of cooking that goes on here every night that makes it one of the best restaurants in NO.  Their crab salad and lemon icebox pies are legendary, but i can best sum up the appeal of Clanyc's by saying that they make their Manhattans w/ rye w/o you having to ask for it.  Truly a great NO restaurant.Are you going to New Orleans (or are you a local who has not heard of Clancy's?)
GO HERE ASAP!!!
Here's the deal:  This is now my favorite restaurant in the city now.  Better than Commanders, better than Brennans, better than Adolphos...
Price is totally good / reasonable for the staffing, qualify, flavors......
Order this:
Starters: Scallop w/ foie gras (OMG AMAZING,) Crab Salad, oyster w/ brie
ABSOLUTELY do NOT miss the FOIE GRAS an amazing mouth experience.
Entrees: Fish of the day, lobster risotto, veal w/ pasta (forget the name of the dish,) veal with potatoes.  The 2 veal & fish dishes were the best. 
Desert: Coconut pie (we also tried the lemon ice box "best in the city."  It was ok.  Pretty ice boxy : frozen.)  Go for the coconut pie.  It was super.
They also have a nice wine selection although we brought a bottle of our own and paid the $15 corkage fee.Look no farther than Clancy's for the ultimate new Orleans dining experience. Great drinks, a lively atmosphere, the softshell crab, is the best, everything is a good choice. Desserts to indulge your sweetooth. So enjoy the dining experience at clancy's !A great place for out of towners to eat where the true locals eat.
Everbody from the reservations, the bartenders, waiters and our fellow customers treated us wonderful.  My party had a great time and will definitely are heading back soon.
They have a special take on some classic items that some love and others... well, not as much.
For example, the softshell crab, a signature dish when available, is smoked then fried - well softshell has such a delicate taste that some find that smoking it overpowers the flavor.  But the fresh fish dishes were all a total hit.  So for my group, we stay with the less adventuresome fare, drink our strong tasty drinks and head back to the hotel happy.
It's best that you dress.  This place and the clientele deserve it.Had dinner at the bar. The smoked pork loin was fantastic. Probably, the best I ever had.  So moist and tender with great flavor. Bartender was excellent and very knowledgable.  I will definitely go back since so many menu items looked deliciousOne of my favorite uptown neighborhood restaurants that could match up with any restaurant in the world. Great fun atmoshere and of course food. Always booked, so get a reservation as far in advance as possible.What a fabulous evening. Clancy's excels in food and service.  The Crawfish Pie was out of this world and my wife loved the Crab Salad. My Pompano dinner was delicious with lump crab meat on top. We shared the Lemon Icebox pie for desert and it was rich and smooth with just the right amount of tartness. Our server, Brandy, was attentive and knowledgable. Each of her recommendations were spot on.   This neighborhood restaurant is a favorite with the locals and after eating there I know why.  The next time you're in the Big Easy be sure to make a reservation at Clancy's. You'll be glad you did.So many people had recommended Clancy's to my wife and I during previous visits to the city, so we thought we'd stop in during this trip to NOLA.
It's in a residential neighborhood Uptown.  It was about a $15 Uber ride from the Warehouse District.    
There's mixed recommendations online about the appropriate attire here.  Based on what I'd read, I went with dress pants and a sweater.  Once I arrived, however, it was clear that a nice pair of jeans would have been fine.  Anyone who says this is a "navy blazer" type place hasn't been to many of those places.  This is nowhere near as upscale as Commander's Palace, Emeril's Delmonico, or even Emeril's place in the Warehouse District.  It's a classy restaurant, but you won't be out of place with nice jeans.
We sat upstairs, which was nice.  The downstairs dining room seemed much louder.
The wine list was incredible.  They have lots of older vintages at very reasonable prices.  I easily found 10-15 bottles I was interested in.  We went with a nice 1999 Nuits-St. Georges Burgundy.  It appeared to be stored well and drank nicely.
We started with the fried eggplant appetizer.  It was good, but not memorable.  We then had some salads.  I had the Romaine salad (it was just okay and I wouldn't order it again) and my wife had the kale salad (she raved about it!)
For dinner, my wife had a smoked pork dish and I had the Veal Annunciation.  Both of them were incredible.  The smoked pork was so flavorful.  The alfredo sauce with the veal was just a touch too salty, but it was still phenomenal.  We'd order both these dishes again.
Dessert was excellent.  I had a chocolate cake and my wife had the lemon icebox pie.  She's still talking about the pie!  I also had a glass of 20-year old Tawny Port for $10, which was about half of what I usually pay elsewhere.
Our server was just okay.  Given that we spent $315+ before tip, I expect far better.  This is the primary reason for subtracting a star.  
Next time we're in town, we'll be back and hope we get a different, better server.  The table across from us appeared to have someone who was quite good.Went yesterday for anniversary dinner. Felt spoiled-they just make you feel welcome. Food is among the most consistently superb in the city. Garth makes amazing drinks and Jeff was a stellar waiter.Great New Orleans classic! Consistently great quality and service. The best lobster risotto and bread pudding in the cityUmmmmmmm? Yummmmm!
Clancy's has some great New Orleans style fare that's just classically what you'd expect while your here.  Fried green tomatoes with crab, seared scallops, seafood gumbo, smoke tenderloin with all the fixins.  Oh and the bread? You talk about good!  You come to the right place cher!
Great meal matched with a professional waitstaff.  
We will revisit.This hidden establishment was enjoyable overall. The only thing hindering me from giving it a five star rating is the service could have been improved upon and the menu could've been thinned to feature fewer, speciality fare items - it was a little all over the place. I had the pork chops. They were flavorful and a manageable size. The potato Au gratin was delicious. I wasn't crazy about the bread pudding, but I like my bread pudding more traditional. Would I recommend Clancy's? Yes, if you're in the area. You'll feel tucked away in the beautiful streets of New Orleans. Do make a reservation. It's a small venue.My husband and I went to Clancy's in order to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and celebrate we did! As soon as we walked up the door was opened for us and the warm and welcoming staff provided the friendliest neighborhood fine-dining environment I have ever experienced. We were greeted in a timely manner by our knowledgeable and attentive waiter and started off ordering veal meatballs in basil pesto and fried eggplant with a garlic aioli that were both scrumptious and well-balanced appetizers. My husband then ordered the veal chop, and I the smoked duck. Both dishes came out in a timely manner and were cooked with precision. The entire staff was on their toes, I never had to wait for a refill. The dessert is what takes the cake, excuse the pun. We had bread pudding accompanied by bourbon sauce and a marvelous creme brûlée! All in all a wonderful experience! We will be back!WOW! AMAZING!
Quite possibly THE BEST meal I have had in NOLA!
The filet mignon is smoking! Probably one of the best I have ever had!!
The crabmeat salad was AMAZING!
And my Dad who is a vegetarian said his pasta dish was THE BEST he has had in NOLA - which is saying a lot! He has eaten at most of the top restaurants in the city - as have I.
The mashed potatoes were very smooth, creamy and buttery. Quite delicious!
The rum raisin ice cream is spectacular!
The coconut pie and lemon box pies were ok but not as awesome as the rest of the meal....
5 stars all the way!!Clancy's is a trip back in time. Eating there reminded me of going out for special occasions with my grandparents back in the day - starched white table cloths, waiters dressed in formalwear, couples speaking quietly over their meals. On one hand it was lovely not to have someone "explain the menu" to us, to be left alone to eat at a leisurely pace and without blaring music causing us to shout across the table. On the other hand, as a table of four youngish (i.e., 40something) folks on a casual night out, we felt a little out of place among the older diners and/or people who had clearly chosen the venue for date night. It was also rather disturbing when our waiter, rather than asking if we'd finished eating, said, "should I have Percy clear your plates for you?" and stood by as a gentleman with darker skin stepped up to do the clearing. Traditional is good...but certain traditions should be left in the past.
The food was excellent - authentic NOLA fare including crawfish pie, turtle soup, and a seemingly endless choice of fish and meat dishes, served in downright decadent portions. It's not the place to go if you're looking for inventive cooking, but everything was well prepared and delicious. If you want to go old school, go Clancy's.The food is great and the scene is mostly polished but still relaxed (read: men, leave your shorts at home/the hotel but if it's all you have, wear em anyway... Just have the confidence that screams "I'm a tourist and I don't care!").
There is no need for details on the menu--everything is good. And the desserts... Even better.
Just go there. Then thank me later.
Only issue is this: it's about 20 minutes from the Quarter so you may have to wait for a cab to leave the restaurant. But so what--don't complain. Meet some folks and be patient. It'll be a great time, trust.Ahhhhh mazing! Fantastic fantastic fantastic....great service great food. I will put my reputation  on the line.We had a best meal for a long time and this is the place. We came to NO for our honeymoon and Clancy's really made a memorable experience. The restaurant is locates in uptown NO in an unnoticeable house. Inside is cozy, simple yet still romantic. The service is excellent. Each waiter is patient enough and comes to you at the perfect timing. We got a baked oyster as an appetizer, creamy enough to melt in your mouth. The Boston salad was simple yet with high quality blue cheese, toasted pecans and creamy lettuce. Our entrees, a blacken drum and a smoked duck were so flavorful and also satisfying. We finished the whole meal with a butter scotch pudding which is something creative and unusual. I highly recommend Clancy's if you want something different from the quarter or the garden district.Six ladies and I came here last night for dinner and it did not disappoint. While it is pricey, all of the food is excellent. The service was quick, knowledgeable and friendly. I really like this place and will for sure be back! The filet was cooked and seasoned perfect and the house salad is delicious and has my fave hearts of palm. I consider this a great place for am awesome dinner or to take out of town guests for a great meal!As a local this is one of my top 5 regular/favorite restaurants in NOLA. Personally I believe they have the best smoked duck in town, certainly an excellent wine list and always great service.
If you are a dessert fan, the ice cream selections and lemon ice box pie are also superb. Dress code is "nicely dressed" but not pretentious. If you are looking for a more romantic evening, book early and sit upstairs. 
If they are booked it's relatively easy for small groups (2-4) to eat at the bar if you can wait for a bit.Wow! Another flawless meal at Clancy's! Everything was great from the service to the food. This place never disappoints.Sit at the bar, get there early enough to snag a spot. Eat some of the best food NOLA has to offer and go home less sober and not hungry. But the bread pudding...Oh that bread pudding. THE BREAD PUDDING is divine.Very nice restaurant for a small group. We started with fried eggplant and fried oysters topped with Brie. Appetizers were ok. My fried eggplant had a nice sauce but not much seasoning in the breading. Speaking of bread...delicious warm bread was consistently delivered to the table with a generous portion of butter. The salad course was absolutely amazing. The flavors were truly delicious. Finally, I had the pan roasted chicken for the main course. DELICIOUS!!!! It was flavorful and tender. The root veggies were seasoned just right. I would definitely return for their chicken dish. Service was great! Everyone was friendly and professional. Clancy's is definitely a place I'll visit againWhere to start? Let's start with the end...I mean the bread pudding.I'm not a big fan of carbs but this bread pudding is unbelievable,worth every calorie,really..Clancy's has a great vibe,elegant and down home at the same time.not to miss are soft shell crab,shrimp remoulade, the fish of the day is always a great choice.A seat at the bar is great fun,and mixing with locals always a great time.The food is wonderful,modern interpretation of old New Orleans food,and the Sazerac is not to be missed..make sure to reserve early ,and trust your server to orchestrate a great meal and memory for you and your party.The best soft shell crabs I've had in my existence on this planet!
I'll keep this review clean because a great restaurant like Clancy's deserves a respectable review. 
Clancy's is located in a neighborhood, away from all the tourist traps in New Orleans. Drive by St. Charles, admire the magnificent mansions, pay a visit to the Audubon zoo, and visit Clancy's nearby. We almost missed it because it is nestled in between residential buildings in a quiet area.
We sat upstairs surrounded by hundreds of bottles of wine and champagne. Started off with appetizers: oysters with brie, sweetbreads, seared scallops with foie gras, and the shrimp remoulade. Fried oysters topped with melted brie are a delight, but the best is the scallops with foie gras. Oh my goodness!! Who came up with this brilliant idea? It was definitely moan-inducing.
For entrees we got the famous soft shell crab, fish special of the day, lobster risotto, and veal liver lyonnaise. The soft shell crabs are smoked and deep-fried to perfection. There was not a drop of grease on the crab or on the dish, a sign of true perfection. The smoky flavor does not overpower the wonderful taste of soft shell crab indicating the care with which they were smoked before deep frying. Served with a dollop of mashed potatoes and vegetables, it is most definitely the best soft shell crab dish I've had in my life. 
The lobster risotto was perfectly cooked, the veal liver was delectable, and the fish special was to my dining companion's liking. We did not do dessert, as we were pretty full by then. However, we ordered coffee... the right blend of coffee a chicory as a perfect ending to our meal.
Wine list is pretty impressive with wide varieties of whites and reds, not to mention the champagne. Service was impeccable. 
Stop wandering around the tourist traps and make reservations at Clancy's. And order the soft shell crabs.Great atmosphere and excellent server. Real NOLA experience. Had the crab salad app and the grilled fish special. Both were delicious. 
One star deducted for service. Had a reservation for 7:30 on Wednesday night but our order was taken at 9:00 without an apology.If ratings went above 5 stars- that is exactly what I would give Clancy's. I have dined here on many occasions and have been impressed every single time. I love the building, the atmosphere, the service and the food! I highly recommend the filet! You can't go wrong. 
I prefer the main dining room, but having eaten upstairs before and it is nice too.
Make reservations early!Life long Nola resident and have never been here but heard so many good things. I was finally able to try it and they did not disappoint! Fried oysters with Brie, yum! Smoked soft shell crab, delicious! You could taste the smokey flavor and the dish even felt light yet full of rich Flavors. Bread pudding with strawberries and peaches topped with homemade vanilla ice cream, priceless. Everything was spot on, service was great too! I'll be back for sure. Great neighborhood, local find. Apparently it's no secret the place was packed on a Tuesday at 530pm!  Oh, how could I forget the fresh creole tomato salad? My out of town guest thought it was so good one the way home they stopped to buy a box of creole tomatoes.This was one of my FiL's favorite restaurants and every special occasion merited a trip.  Clancy's really is a five star restaurant, but a recent visit merited only 4 stars.  Why?  Because we were placed in an upstairs dining room that smelled like fresh paint.  Enough with the bad...
The good:  E & I split the crab salad and honestly, with that & bread I could have been done.  E got the special of the day, a beautiful piece of redfish (a bit on the small side) with crabmeat & capers. The sauce was delish.  I had the pineapple scallops which were good but the fritters (maybe plaintains?) mostly tasted like starch & fried.
The peppermint ice cream & lemon ice box pie remain classic desserts.  Really a lovely meal...except for that nagging paint smell.Visiting Clancy's is a must every time I come to NOLA and it never disappoints. The food and service are amazing. On this trip, we ordered the fried green tomatoes served with crab meat on top. The crab was fresh and delicious. I ordered the sea scallops for my main dish -- there were 4 large thick buttery scallops. My friend ordered the pork lion and it was HUGE! Definitely arrive with an appetite if you order that dish! We had the brownie a la mode for dessert. I love how the waitstaff automatically brought both our appetizer and dessert on two small plates -- already split for the two of us.I really enjoyed sitting downstairs for my birthday dinner! The crabmeat salad is to die for, filet & mashed potatoes were good, turtle soup was good, I wasn't crazy about my vegetables that came with my steak. It was definitely loud but I think more restaurants do that for the atmosphere. I'll definitely go back!Pretty good. Pricey. Massive wine list. Started with marinated crab claws which were tasty. Then onto seared tuna which was good, and some sort of butterscotch caramel pudding dessert which was great. That menu is like impossible to read in that cursive.Amazing food, sampled a little of everything and it was absolutely fantastic.  Best food I had my entire trip to New Orleans.  AMAZING pies!This is another restaurant that never fails to impress the socks off of me. We went for my wife's birthday, and thank you Jesus that her birthday is is at the peak of Soft Shell Crab season, because this place has the best soft shelled crabs in the best town to get soft shelled crabs (New Orleans, in case you didn't know).
I love 'em at Galatoire's, and Antoine's soft shells me cry tears of pure hedonistic pleasure, but this place wins the award. Clancy's also does some mean things with veal. There are few finer places in the world for one to blow his monetary and calorics budgets than at Clancy'sOne of America's great eateries.  Nestled in a residential part of Uptown.Clancy's is a great little restaurant tucked into a quite part of town with some great food and great service. 
Appetizer - Seared Sea Scallops: 8/10
House Creole Tomato Salad was amazing 9/10. Almost ordered the watermelon salad, but l'm glad I didn't because one of the persons at our table said the watermelon wasn't very sweet. 
Dinner - Pork Loin. Huge and so tasty. 9.5/10. Almost didn't order this, and I'm so glad I did. 
I tried some of the table's deserts-- they all looked great and tasted even better. 
Service was amazing-- never really wanted for anything. I don't think my water glass was ever less than 3/4th full. 
They serve some amazing bread and good butter before your meal. 
I suggest reservations, especially for a large group. That said, eating with 6-8 people seems rather easy here. 
Be prepared to spend at least 70$
Last part-- the next day my feet told me this late-night dinner had a lot of salt in it. My feet were like sausages... gotta get in a run soon after eating here.Clancy's puts the uptown in uptown. This great place has been serving delectable New Orleans treats for decades. It has a great bar and loud stuffy atmosphere that makes it hum with happiness. The favorites like tout almandine are always their but also go after the oyster appetizer or the soft shell crab if in season.I just spent the last 10 minutes feverishly clicking on the blank space where a 6th star should be. This was far and away the best meal of my New Orleans trip and top 5 of recent memory. Clancy's is a fine mix of comfortable yet upscale dining and they execute their dishes perfectly. In addition to the praise of other reviewers, I have to add that the turtle soup & Boston salad are worth the cab ride on their own!If I could give the food 5 stars and the service and ambiance 3.5 stars, I would. 
Food - The food was absolutely amazing. Everything we had was perfect. Oysters with Brie, Veal Bernaise with crab, and lamb chops were the three dishes we ordered and all were excellent. The Veal dish was fairly small, but it was really really good. The lamb was the best I've ever had. Nice wine list with lots of options at different price points. 
Service/ambiance - My husband and I came here on our wedding anniversary, though the restaurant was not aware of this at first...they never asked. We were seated upstairs in probably the worst table in the whole restaurant next to a loud table. Our table was a two person table shoved against a stair case, and appeared to be the only two person table in the whole place. After a few minutes my husband asked if we could move downstairs to another table, explaining that it was our anniversary and the other table was loud. The waiter, who was unfriendly from the get go, hesitantly agreed to go see if we could be reseated. He returned and in a voice  clearly audible to the table we were trying to escape, told us there were no tables downstairs and instead offered us two other tables upstairs, one of which was just as close to the noisy table as we were. We took the one farther away and were pleased with our seating arrangements the rest of the night. 
Luckily, the new table came with a new nicer waiter. What bothers me is that they didn't put us at this table in the first place, instead of the clearly undesirable table we were first placed in. As for the service, our waiter turned out to be friendly, but in general, I found some of the service at Clancy's to be snooty, which is a total turn off to me. Also, the waiter seemed to forget to put in our appetizer order as he asked us if we ordered an appetizer 15 minutes after we ordered it and then it took another 15 minutes to come.  I'll add that this was all on a Monday night...I can't imagine what this place is like on a busier evening. 
If not for the poor table and somewhat snooty service, I would give this place five stars, as the food was truly amazing. We still had a nice evening, as I wasn't going to let a snooty waiter ruin my anniversary. I just wish they hadn't stuck us in the worst table in the restaurant.Come here for dinner. Just do it.
Rather pricey, but well worth. Impeccable service, atmosphere, and suuuuuch good food.
The fried oysters with brie appetizer is beyond divine, my only complaint is that it only came with 4 oysters, I wanted more!
Filet mignon was cooked just how I ordered it, and the bernaise sauce was especially delicious. 
The lobster risotto was a HUGE portion and so delicious, rich and flavorful. 
We wanted to try to famed icebox pie but were SO FULL. 
Our waiter was attentive but not overbearing, and he was not bothered that we stayed and chatted quite a bit after finishing our meal.As good as it gets - eat at the bar if you have too!  But go for a table, enjoy and have a ball!I was visiting a friend for Mardi Gras and she brought me to Clancy's for dinner one night since it's one of her favorites. I wish I could eat there every week-everything I tried was amazing and authentic without being too heavy like most traditional Nola restaurants. It's nestled In the residential neighborhood of Uptown, with a very sophisticated and warm vibe.  The Staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and you can't go wrong with what they recommend.  I had the most amazing crab salad and the fried oysters with brie was incredible too.  I thought it couldn't get much better until I took a spoonful of the Budino for dessert and it melted in my mouth.  Holy cow! what started as "I'll just have a bite" turned into "oops, did I really just lick that empty bowl?!" Enough said, this restaurant is superb-perhaps the best I've tried out of all the wonderful eateries in New Orleans.Top quality food with the service to match - essential for a great dining experience. Deep and well conceived wine list with a right-on-the-money recommendation by our waiter, who was skilled, knowledgeable, and personable.  After 28 years in business, this restaurant knows how to do it right.
We started with the fried oysters and brie, a winning combination where the melted brie loses all but a hint of its bite, leaving all of its creamy goodness, and the shrimp & grits, which I can only describe as being on a different level from the others I've tried.  The dish offered complex, layered flavors and textures - smooth grits, tender grilled New Orleans style shrimp (no heads - appropriate for my wife's peace of mind and for fine dining) and a thin sauce with a hint of BBQ & heat to bridge the gap. Not overpowering, not smokey, just a foil to the grits and an accent for the shrimp.  Someone put some real culinary effort into perfecting these, and you can taste it.  Every self respecting foodie ranks their best, and these have the title for shrimp & grits.  
The Boston salad was fresh and delicious, with Maytag.  All of the salads seemed to be good portions, large enough to split. 
I'll admit I'm a duck man.  Farm raised, wild, foie gras, confit, it's all good.  Clancy's signature smoked duck put together two of my favorite things.  Call it karma, call it crazy, but somehow, the chef has created a near-perfect flavor match to my favorite smoked pork ribs from the Salt Lick BBQ here in Austin.  It sounds ridiculous, but if you've had them, you'll know what I mean.  Watch the man v food episode on Austin - the host's eyes roll back in his head for a split second when he takes his first bite.  So good he even wore a Salt Lick t-shirt to the best bbq place in St. Louis.  So good it made me want to tote a duck down to the old pit in Driftwood and have them smoke it up for me.  Crazy good.  I think my wife's filet with Stilton was good too, but I wouldn't know because I was blinded by the culinary eclipse of duck on my plate.  
Dessert was almost an afterthought, and the chocolate/caramel/sea salt parfait we had was good. Our illustrious waiter did make a great suggestion for a new bar called "Cure".  We took him up on it, but that's for another review.  Clancy's was our favorite meal in New Orleans, and one of our best in some time.  It deserves all the respect it gets.A must visit for visitors like us - incredible wine list, service, cuisine, and atmosphere.  Which was best?  Find out for yourself!  
Traditional yet creative and unique, like New Orleans itself.Great food, great service and great atmosphere. I was visiting from out-of-state, and this restaurant is a favorite with the locals. It is an authentic NOLA restaurant without the tourist crowds, which was another plus. We had the veal and roast chicken, both of which were delicious!Had dinner here last night!   Very old school New Orleans!   The drinks were strong, service was amazing, wine was delish!  The scallops were a winner!Had dinner here and the service as well as the food were outstanding. Servers were knowledgeable about the food and drinks on the menu. We tried the fried eggplant, oysters and Brie, crab claws and the lamb. Everything was deliciousCelebrated our 25th wedding anniversary at this wonderful neighborhood gem.  The dining room was loud and fun with holiday celebrations along with other locals.  Service was excellent and the food was too.  The duck and sausage gumbo was the most elegant I've ever had.  The broth was rich and decadent.  The drum muddy waters was a perfect New Orleans dish.  My wife had the kale salad and veal with crabmeat.  I know it was good because she wasn't sharing.  Desserts were excellent, especially the lemon ice box pie which was comparable to the gumbo in it's uniqueness and concentration of flavor.  No doubt Clancy's is a top 5 in NOLA.The trick this place pulls off is that it feels like a private club you and your rich friends  put together as your own private club.  The food is outstanding and creative.  The service is gracious and welcoming.  In a subtle way you feel like you own the place. There is a wide selection of excellent seafood and meat choices.  The setting is a converted house, and the customers all seem to know each other. Service is some of the best in town.  Tucked away in a residential neighborhood it is hard to find, but worth the effort.  Nice, cordial bar.It's been 30 years since I lived in NOLA, and back then I couldn't afford to eat out except the anniversary special at Popeye's (I seem to recall $5 all you can eat). [Note that I always had money for drinks at the Metro, Ms Maes, the Dungeon, and Cooters.] But I remember walking by all the fancy places with tuxedo-clad servers hovering around men in their light blue suits and women in their flowing cotton dresses, hat's and handbags finishing the look.
And so I arrived in town preparing to eat at a few of the top spots in the city. On my first night I didn't have plans - I figured I would just hit something around my airbnb and stumbled past Clancy's. The scene from outside of Clancy's window took me back 30 years to those restaurants I never could enjoy. My t-shirt and short attire with the waft of 'I've been in a car for 10 hours' were on my mind. But I'm in my upper 40s now and couldn't care less if I look like a hobo and reek of a fisherman so I walked in.
The host cheerfully greeted me, and graciously found me a spot at the bar (all tables were full on this Monday night). The bartender poured me a delicious old fashioned. I ordered the brie on fried oyster for a starter and the stuffed softshell for my main. Both were far more traditional that I would normally order (I like light, fresh and modern), yet both hit the spot. A second old fashioned and I sat there soaking up the scene. 
New Orleans has changed so much in 30 years, and yet, it is exactly the same.I came here with my friends, one of whom is a famous local chef and the other a famous local author, so I thought my experience was probably not what the average person would get. Reading though the reviews, I see that I was wrong. Top notch food, perfectly executed, and plated without pretension. I had Oysters Rockefeller  for my appetizer and veal with crab meat and bearnaise sauce for my entree. I had never had either of those, but I could tell from the first taste that I probably will not find a better execution of these dishes anywhere. 
And PEPPERMINT ICE CREAM. I originally ordered something else for dessert but when i tasted this i made them trade desserts with me. GET IT if you go here. 
I am glad my friends took me here, and I plan on telling as many people here about Clancy's as possible. I plan on going back more often to New Orleans and this place.