The staff was so kind, friendly, and accommodating. They specially made so many menu items vegan and oil-free. The food is incredibly delicious! I couldn't recommend this place more- thank you, thank you, thank you for such a wonderful experience!Wow. Okay first, the food is incredible, and second, the service here is incredible, and completely unexpected. 
My boyfriend and I are staying at the Marriott, and has the pleasure of dining at the location on Canal Street (which was incredible. A cute and absolutely delicious Middle Eastern twist to Bodegas, except with incredible sit down food).
Anyways, we showed up 11 am on a Sunday, and there was an issue with the server running late, so the gentleman, Ousman, who runs the market/store portion of Cleo's took our order and ran it to the chef, then he chatted with us and opened up the cafe portion of the restaurant for us to sit and wait for our food. 
We were strapped for time, and Ousman was so hospitable and made it work for us. I am so thankful and appreciate when people go above and beyond for their patrons. The food is incredible. Thank you Cleo and Ousman!The place is clean and everything looks new. The decor is simple and welcoming. Arabic and Lebanese music playing in the background was a nice addition to the decor.
I had the red lentil soup, combination platter of beef  shawarma / chicken shawarma / gyro (or Doner as they call it in another places) for the main course, and baklawa and Arabic/Turkish coffee for dessert.
The red lentil soup was ok.
For the combination platter I had the choice of two sides of three (green salad, basmati rice, or hummus). I picked two sides and ordered the hummus as an appetizer. The green salad was freshly made and the seasoning was exactly what I expect. The basmati rice
The hummus was delicious and it came with Lebanese bread that looked different from the fresh one posted by other reviewers. It was still ok but I was expecting a fresh start warm round Lebanese bread. The basmati rice was made to perfection, fluffy and tasty.
As to the meat, the three types of meat were cooked to perfection. The meat was juicy and it had the right spices in. 
I ordered the baklawa based on a recommendation from Crystal, who was great! She was quick and very attentive to details. What I really liked about the baklawa is that it was not too sweet like other places, and it had a very fresh taste. First time I get a baklawa that was not submerged in sugar sirop. You get three varieties one of each. The Arabic/Turkish coffee was made fresh and it tasted the real coffee.
Overall, food was great, the place is clean, and the servers are friendly.My mind is completely blown away. Been on this planet for a long time and this is the most delicious Mediterranean food I've ever had. Fresh. Flavorful. Spicy. It was an experience I wish I could take back on the plane with me.Food was amazing. Turkish coffee was delicious. Try the OM Ali the best desert ever. 
We stumbled into the place and came twice for dinner. Service was friendly and professionalWe decided to give Cleo's a try since it is located right next to our hotel.  This restaurant, which is at the site of the old Giovanni's, is amazing.  When I went to make reservations for dinner, I was greeted warmly by the young lady at the hostess stand.  She was both welcoming and friendly.  When we arrived for dinner, we were greeted by name by this same attentive hostess.  We requested a table in the back and were immediately taken to the perfect spot.  When it came time to order, there she was again with her same dynamic personality.  When I asked to speak to a manager, I was thrilled to see that she is also the manager.  The food was outstanding and very reasonably priced!  Jessica, you are amazing and definitely an asset to this restaurant!Awesome food, very clean, Ousman is the man. We went here three times to have healthy options in between the heavy Nola cuisine. As someone who eats meditteranean food often, this was truly some of the best. Jennifer A. is a babe.Terrific middle eastern restaurant on the edge of the French Quarter. Delicious food with excellent service in a clean and quiet setting--perfect refuge. They don't serve alcohol but permitted me to bring in a couple of local beers from a nearby convenient store.What a wonderful spot for Mediterranean food!  Came here for the first time and encountered Jessica, who sat us and served us.  Turns out that she was also the manager, and what a great representative for Cleo's.  We had the falafel appetizer, which was delicious and plentiful.  I then had the chicken skewers, which came with hummus, pita and salad (can have basmati rice instead of one of these).  My husband had the hummus appetizer as his dinner.  Everything was delicious and well prepared.  Will certainly put this restaurant on our to do list when we return to New Orleans.Wow this place is amazing! The food was delicious and the service was amazing. We arrived and instantly we were greeted by the owner. It is a great spot with excellent service and food!The food was excellent! The eggplant melted in my mouth and the portion was a great size. 
I suppose it comes with the city but the wait to order and get food was much longer than what i would have liked. It wasn't busy when i was there. 
I would absolutely return for the food and would plan on having more time to accommodate the slower than average service.
Highly recommend if you are not in a rushWould be five star but the service needs a lot of improvement. Happened to us and saw a lot of people stand to be seated and then walk on to eat elsewhere. The servers are not attentive at all so much so that they don't even clean the tables of others who left 10 min prior. In addition, when we ordered among other things the sampler platter, we were not informed that it included tabouleh, that we also ordered. A trained, interested server would have informed and checked if we wanted that much tabouleh. To the food... delicious! and nice portions. However, again to the service we were not provided with pita for our hummus, etc. I've obviously written a lot about the service but if you are a foodie and can overcome the poor service then this is a great spot for very tasty foodWonderful fresh, delicious food.
I've been in NOLA for three weeks and this is one of the best meals I've had. Simple, fresh ingredients well prepared. I had the chicken schwarma with a salad and hummus. The chicken was tender and flavorful. The salad was fresh with a tasty yogurt dressing (crisp lettuce and veggies, not just a handful of wilted baby lettuce pulled out of a bag). Creamy hummus (I overheard the owner saying he makes it with fava beans instead of garbanzo beans.) And freshly baked pita bread.
Yummy and healthy. And perfect if you're looking for a break from roux based fare. ;-)Excellent fare ! Anything Ive ordered there has been true to homemade cuisine like I'm in a home kitchen in the Mediterranean ! AND ITS 24/7 !!!! I can't wait to go back and Hey if it was the middle of the night and I'm cravin..... I can drop in !!!
Do give Cleo's a try !Had a nice tasty healthy dinner!  Grilled shrimp and veggies with rice and salad.  A good antidote after you've eaten your fill of fried southern food, very nice waitstaff.  No alcohol on the menu but you can buy a bottle of wine down the street to bring in.This restaurant is amazing! From the decor, service, and food I am thoroughly impressed. After all the fried food New Orleans has to offer this was a delightful change of pace. In addition the establishment was super accommodating to allergies. They have many gluten free, dairy free, and vegan foods available. If you get a chance please stop by!!Just ordered take out from Cleo's French Quarter and I can easily say this is the worst Mediterranean food in the entire city of New Orleans. If you've ever had moussaka, their version will repulse you. They can't even manage edible hummus, baba, or basmati! Bad food isn't their only offense, the prices are a rip off for what you get, too. Avoid at all costs!I got the mixed grill and it was good like a 4/5 but our waiter (also the host and bus boy and server) was amazing and literally the only employee other than the owner who was helping sometimes. Props to that waiter for all his hard work lolMy husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner and it was amazing! I had the vegetarian dinner platter and he had the falafel dinner platter. They were both delicious. Cleo's has the best falafel I've ever had in my life. The babaganoush and hummus were incredible. The stuffed grape leaves were so full of flavor. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. We're going back for dinner tonight!This place does not fee like it has a kitchen in the back. For starters we had a soggy spinach pie. It almost felt like the spinach pie was microwaved and brought to the table. For dinner i had a vegetarian platter. The $16 plate came with 3 pieces of falafel. Some spring mix and a lot of hummus. Don't ask for extra pita cause it has an extra charge. I don't think this place is run by a middle eastern guy either. Seriously not recommended.We went to Cleo's at 117 Decatur Street. Nice, clean restaurant. Food presentation was beautiful. Very delicious, amazing food. If you are in the area you should must try their food. We always worry when we try out new places to eat, but I am glad that we found this place. Overall extremely satisfied.Their "grilled chicken" was covered in a strong pungent spice which tasted terrible, and part of the chicken on the plate was raw.  I had to send it back.  The tabbouleh was bad, and how can you mess up tabbouleh?  The hummus was blah.  The pita was cold and stale.  The tomato soup was ok.  The service was slow, and the food was extremely overpriced.  Worst meal I had in New Orleans by far.This place is amazing! When we came in it was empty but we were looking for a healthy food option after all the fried seafood and bread from the night before. The host/waiter explained that this is their second location and just opened 6 months ago which explains the low head count.
The decor is as gorgeous as the food is delicious. Renovated from an old Italian restaurant, the space is well designed in subtle black and gold, high ceilings, and stylish seating. 
We ordered the vegetarian and sautéed veggie platters. The food was great. Rich flavors, while still feeling fresh and not too heavy for a hot humid day. The vegetarian platter comes with rolled grape leaves, falafel, humus, pita bread, mixed greens and tabbouleh. The sautéed veggie platter was...well sautéed veggies with basmati rice, olives, and triangles of feta cheese.  The pita and baklava were baked fresh on site. The baklava was original style, meaning it has a cheesecake like filling inside instead of crushed nuts.
The food was so good we didn't miss the meat. Everything was reasonably priced for such a classy and upscale decor. Really hope folks get the word out about this place!This is my first visit to the new full fledge restaurant that just opened. 
The place is inviting nice decorations and well done. Meddle Eastern music is playing softly. Very nice. 
The staff were friendly and they seem to be trying to get their groove. Which is fine. 
I ordered the eggplant plate which comes with generous amounts of eggplant hummus and salad and bread. and the price is well in line with what you're getting. 
I love their food. 
Enjoy.This place was a surprise hit for my group and me!  We were going to eat at another restaurant, but the wait time was over an hour.  We walked by this place and decided to give it a go.  Clinton was the guy who helped us the entire time.  Talk about an A1 employee!  Clinton hooked it up for us with style and grace.  Our drinks, appetizers, and entrees came out quickly and it all tasted absolutely fantastic.  Clinton made sure our drinks were filled and that we had everything we needed.  This restaurant is in my top 3 favorite places I've eaten at here in New Orleans.Second visit here and remain impressed with the dishes here. Thus far the best chicken kabobs I've tasted in the city. Perfectly grilled with mouth watering herbs and spices! More importantly! It was moist and not dry! I love their vegetarian mousaka. Not to mention their hummus and falafel. Generous portion of warm pita.I was looking for fresh Mediterranean food after a 3 days of Rather heavy fried (but lovely) creole cooking. 
This was a perfect find. The food was so fresh, and the flavors were authentic. Good honest food served with love! I had the Felafel platter. The serving size was great and more than filled me up. I'll be back. The shawarmas looked amazing too. Way to go Cleo. Great find.We came here by accident, after being frustrated with 1hr + dinner waits at 3 other restaurants. It was near our hotel, there were open tables, servers at ready, and we love middle eastern food. 
The decor is SO nice, modern with geometric patterns, it felt like a swanky teahouse in Istanbul 
We soon found the reason there wasn't a 1+ hour wait for a table...No alcohol. That's ok, we don't drink anyway. It was actually quite refreshing in a city that never sobers up. But just so you know... 
The food was EXCEPTIONAL. The hummus was velvety and smooth. The kibbeh had a phenomenal sweet spice and was perfectly fried. Falafel was light & crispy. Tzatziki had just the right amount of garlic. I had the salmon & shrimp kebab, my mom had braised lamb shank that fell off the bone, and my sister had a gyro. 
Just a couple things could've been improved.... the service was a little slow, the spinach pie was soggy, the pita was not warm or soft, and last: the music was RIDICULOUSLY loud. It was 90's Whitney Houston & Celine Dion.  "My heart will go on" will go on, and on, and on in your head.  
I would definitely eat there again. In fact, after writing this I am craving Hummus & kibbeh and I know they are just a few fours down, after all....The food here is fantastic and we enjoyed the bring your own bottle policy. There is a Kwik mart across canal st that you can go and purchase alcohol at to drink with your meal. I also loved the decor! It didn't feel like New Orleans at all inside .High Quality Market!!!! This place was amazing based on the fact that the market sold quality inventory. It's very difficult to find healthy food items to eat in NOLA. Everything is fattening. This market sells vegan and healthy snacks. I looked for healthy beverages during my stay and finally I was able to find food items that I needed. In addition to this I was able to find local snacks for purchase. It was such a delight. I enjoyed the style of the store and cleanliness. 
The restaurant attached was Amazing!!!! I was able to order food however the portions were really small for the price range. I thought the menu was very confusing because it didn't separate the vegan from vegetarian. The owner seems quite confused on the difference between vegan and vegetarian. I find this rather odd because as a restaurant owner it's mandatory to be well-versed in food categories. I gave it 4 stores because of the menu and price range for small portions..Some of the BEST Mediterranean food I've ever had. We stumbled upon the restaurant while walking thru the French quarter all day. The ambiance is modern, clean and refreshing especially after dealing with the heat/humidity in Nola. The staff was super friendly and accommodated our requests. I will be sure to have a meal there every time I visit New Orleans in the future.Wonderful atmosphere and amazing and visually appearing food preparations, my pictures do not do it justice!  
You will not leave unsatisfied.It's a cool concept. Grocery store out front and sit in eats at the back. We had the eggplant sandwich and the grilled chicken hummus and rice plate. Hummus came with pita. Our server was nice and made recommendations. Try the Lebanese iced tea.  Sweet rose water!Feels great sitting inside such a clean, beautiful restaurant surrounded by the friendly smiles of the staff. The manager Eric was always there to help us when we needed something. The service was quick and the food was fresh and delicious. I had the lamb and it was tender and juicy. The hummus, rice, and falafel were all excellent; probably some of the best I've had. If you're in the mood for some great-tasting authentic Mediterranean food, Cleo's is a no-brainer.We enjoyed a fantastic dinner in this beautifully decorated place with very attentive staff. The Mezze Platter is a great starter showcasing a variety of Mediterranean foods. Then we had the seafood tagine and the grape leaf lamb tagine. We also had friends who ordered the falafel platter and the sautéed vegetable platter. Everything was simply delicious! Would come back any time!Really good meal here, and a very well-decorated space. We came at an odd mid-afternoon hour so the place was mostly empty. Had a gyro sandwich and the  beef shawarma with hummus, everything was really flavorful and satisfying, our waiter was very friendly, and overall the experience was great. For a non-Cajun alternative meal just off the French quarter, highly recommend Cleo's.Wow! Beyond excellent food and amazing service! Highly recommended! So many different teas and coffees as well as juices. The food menu offers so much variety that we have to make sure and come back soon.WOW!!! This place is incredible! I have been a regular at the original Cleo's on Common St, then the Cleo's on Canal St, so I knew the food to be superb, but this location even tops that experience.  The setting is a gorgeous Arabesque design, and with the Middle Eastern music playing you feel transported to another place.  The service was top notch - our server was attentive without being too pushy.  I love the huge selection of exotic drinks and soda you can't really find anywhere else.  I got the Za'atr shrimp on top of the hummus with the fresh pita bread and  it was so, so tasty.  My friend got the fried cauliflower on top of hummus and was equally impressed. (By the way - these are new dishes that aren't available at the other location!) Definitely this will be a regular spot for me!!Mediterranean with a little too much heat. I ordered the falafel combination with salad and hummus which was amazing. My husband ordered the mixed kabob which he enjoyed. The hummus had some spicy chili sauce in the middle which is not something that I cared for. This spice also covered the garlic sauce so I didn't end up eating it. Good food but missed the authentic feel.Appearance
Clean with an ambiance atmosphere.
Wooden tabletop with glass overtop.
Brass design on the wall. Drunk or tripping
Be careful, pattern may freak you out.
Menu 
Lots of options.... veggie, meat, poultry,all
Hilal. They ran out of the Moroccan mint tea.
Bummer! Ice tea lemonade as well. Opted for
Honest organic tea instead. They always deliver!
Beef Shawarma with salad and hummus, 2 pieces of pita per order. Extra for more. First for me but ok. 
Restroom 
Small
Overall okHad the vegetarian sampler and the food was amazing with huge portions! Probably should have split it but it was too good! Service was fast and so friendly. Great healthy place to eat in New Orleans excited to returnI like to think I know middle eastern food.  My family is from Lebanon and finding exceptional middle eastern food is always a challenge.  Cleo' s was amazing.  The service was exceptional; the food was even better.  The haluomi and lebneh was, hands down, some of the best I have ever had.  [ you must try the haloumi].  The entree, lamb swarma, served with rice and hummus was fabulous.  The only down side was that Cleos does not have a liquor license so pick up a bottle of Arak on your way there and you will have an exceptional dining experience. Thank you for an amazing evening, Eric.On our last day in NOLA we stumbled upon Cleo's. Our group is very difficult to please. We have a peanut allergy, a shellfish allergy, a vegetarian and a vegan...nightmare group. Cleo's to the rescue!!! We were all able to eat here without a worry. We tried a bit of everything. All of our meals were delicious! Crystal made suggestions and made sure all our food was safe for our needs, wonderful food, beautiful restaurant and superb service.What a great find if you are looking for healthy dining options while in New Orleans. I try to eat cleanly and one night of indulgence in Creole cuisine left me craving for a clean, non saucy, non cheesy, non fried meal. Not to mention the food is delicious. In fact, we ate at Cleo's twice during our visit and I would eat there again if we had more days.New favorite spot.  The vegetarian moussaka and baba ganoush were both outstanding.  Best I've had in New Orleans.   The chef is from Egypt, and her food is the real deal.  Definitely gonna come back regularly and try out the rest of menu. Open late also which is great after a night of good times in the quarter.  Excellent!!!Delicious food and awesome customer service! The service was fast and I will definitely visit again next time I'm in New OrleansThis place serves incredible authentic Mediterranean food!! I came with my boyfriend quite late at night. Our experience with Cleo's was superb all around. Our server talked to us throughout our time at Cleo's and provided us with extra pita. The food was super fresh and so was the hummus. So many vegetarian options! I took the vegetable tagine and it was very yummy when topped delicately onto the pita. My boyfriend took the minced chicken dish and the taste was above any Mediterranean place I've ever been to. Alcohol isn't served but they do have nice teas and soft drinks to choose from. If drinking is up your alley, Cleo's allows you to bring your own. Awesome dining experience, especially with fresh and healthy food! :)Words can not describe the flavor profiles on their food!! The grapes leaf, hummus, lamb shish kabob were some of the best things we have ever had.Some good things and some bad. I came here and tried quite a few things on the menu. 
What I ordered: 
Vegetarian Moussaka (so good - I would eat this every day)
Fried Cauliflower Hummus (the fried cauliflower was tasty - I would eat just that without the hummus)
Egyptian Seafood Soup (ew ew EW. I could hardly take a few bites of this. It tasted old, the broth had a strange taste, and the seafood was absolutely not fresh)
Vegetarian platter (very good. The falafel was my least favorite part of it)
Lebanese Knafeh Kashta (gross. It tasted stale)
Overall, my experience was positive, especially because service was fantastic. The decor is beautiful but there were flies buzzing around while we were eating. What I learned is you need to be very careful about what you order here. Some things are phenomenal and some are... not.On a rainy afternoon, we ducked into Cleo's. Everything about it was a beautiful surprise!  The restaurant itself is both welcoming and gorgeous!  Our server was absolutely wonderful.  Service was exceptional!  Let me say:  The food was exquisite... best Mediterranean I've ever had!! You must go!  Get the gyro meat, a coffee, grape leaves and baklava... heaven!Very nice atmosphere.  Food was delicious.  After eating rich New Orleans cuisine, this was a nice fresh non greasy change. Everything was flavorful including the Lebanese tea.The ambiance is cool inside. Now when I went it was me and about three other people. Hardly anyone right at lunch. So not sure if this place is better suited for dinner. Regardless, the chicken shawarma plate was really good. The hummus contains radishes that add good flavoring. Best part was the chicken itself, which was seasoned with something delicious. It was really good.Vegetarians beware: veggie serving sizes are exceedingly small and consist mostly of lettuce, cucumbers, and pickles. 1 star for every dish we liked: the fried haloumi and grape leaves appetizers were great and normal appetizer size. The vegetarian platter we ordered was extremely skimpy and we had to press the waiter for pita. That said, the fried eggplant was quite good. The fava beans (foul) were downright weird. An exciting menu but disappointing execution.Great place! Originally from Connecticut and of Greek and Armenian descent, I recommend this restaurant. We ordered the baba ghanoush, humus, chicken shawarma, beef shawarma, and the lamb shawarma. Check this place out.This place is legit. Food is of fantastic quality. Genuine Mediterranean cuisine here. Will definitely return and highly recommendThe service was friendly and the food was delicious. The hummus appetizer was a generous amount compared to other places I've been. You can ask for more pita if needed. We had the chicken and combo   shwarma platters. The lamb/gyro meat was delicious!from the street looks like a regular bodega that sells EVERYTHING. But when you walk in there are tables in the back, and a huge fridge with your choice of ANYTHING you want to drink. Service quick. Food excellent! Freshly made down to the hot sauce. Official middle eastern food prepared by a middle eastern family. This is the place you want when you're looking for great service and delicious authentic middle eastern food. I recommend the Kibbeh for an appetizer.I love traveling and trying all sorts of cuisines, but Mediterranean is one of my favorites!  I have a hard time finding good chicken shawarma, but am happy to tell you that Cleo's makes a great shawarma!!!  I paired mine with fries that were seasoned really nicely and some garlic sauce on the side. My wife went with a kabob platter that she said was also amazing!Two people seated when we arrived at 9:30pm.  This was on Lundi Gras.  Tons of people walked by and maybe 6 more people came while we were there.
Ordered fried eggplant platter, lentil soup and baklava.  Everything was a solid 3 starts but no more.  
Kind of expensive but not prohibitive.
I ordered hot water and it tasted like hot bleach.
The espresso was really tasty though.
Glad it was open because it was 39 degrees and windy.  
Not sure how they get to 4 stars for me.After a few days in New Orleans eating all the food we felt like we needed something different. I am so glad we found this place! 
We ordered a hummus plate to share the pita bread was great and the hummus was even better! My husband has tried hummus before but never liked it but love this one! My friend and I ordered the greek salad with a chicken kebab. My husband got one of the combos with a side salad and rice. It was amazing and just what we were looking for. If you are looking for something different than the normal New Orleans food you should definitely check it out! You won't be disappointed!Excellent Greek food. The only tazaki sauce I've loved! We were in town for 2 days and went back for lunch again the next day. I recommend the meat grape leaves, get the hummus and the lamb was fabulous. Truly mouthwatering and very freshWe stumbled upon this place as we walked around looking for late night food that wasn't a bar and we were so pleased!!! Every course and sauce was delicious and fresh.. grape leaves, falafel, chicken kofta, baklava... all wonderful. My Turkish coffee was made perfectly, and we tried a sparkling tea that's my new favorite thing. LOVEIf you're in New Orleans and are looking for good Mediterranean food with great atmosphere, you can't pass this place up. The food was delicious and satisfied both the meat eaters and non-meat eaters in our party. It was the perfect way to end a great Mardi Gras parade!!Taking a star off my original review and that makes me so sad. Came back because it is the closest vegetarian friendly restaurant to our hotel and we leave tomorrow. The food is incredible but going out to eat is an experience. When the service is awful it doesn't matter how great the food is. The service is insanely slow. Comically slow to the point we were joking that they were individually growing the rice grains from scratch. 
It took forever to get water. I ordered a spinach pie and it never came but was on our receipt. 
The fresh squeezed orange/carrot/apple juice was too tart to drink. 
It's difficult finding vegetarian friendly restaurants with good food besides just a salad option. The food is good but the service not worth it.It was good, albeit a little pricey. I guess this is supposed to be the swanky version of Cleo's. I had the vegetarian combination platter and for $16 you get 2 falafels, 2 grape leaves, raw red and green cabbage, tabbouleh, a scoop of baba ganoush and hummus with 2 pitas for dipping. The highlights of this dish were the smokey baba ganoush, the perfectly fried falafels and the addition of pomegranate seeds and fresh green onions to the tabbouleh. I was slightly disappointed that nothing was done with the cabbage... a quick pickling to it would've made it sing. I also had the immune booster smoothly and it was... okay. Hubby had the beef shawarma. He said it was good, but thought they went skimpy on the protein. We both left filled and overall satisfied with our meal. *disclaimer* we are tourists and have never been to the original Cleo's.I've been to the other Cleo's lots of times so of course I had to check out the newest one!  I brought a group that most restaurants might shudder to see come in the door, but I know my three grandchildren are well-schooled in appropriate restaurant behavior so I knew there would be no problem.  The one problem was that there was no high chair for my 20 month old granddaughter, but she happily sat in my lap.  You know how impatient kids can be, especially when they are hungry, but our understanding server quickly brought some of their heavenly freshly baked pita to stave off the crankies.  The menu has so many interesting offerings I really wanted to linger over them, but with hungry kids time is of the essence, so knowing they love shrimp, they shared an order of the shrimp kebabs.  I love Egyptian lentil soup, so I ordered the red lentil soup, and it did not disappoint.  
I really want to return when my husband and I can have a more leisurely experience.  I saw lots of things I'd like to try, and the dessert menu looks very tempting.  But I'd like to say our initial trip to the new Cleo's was a lot of fun, and we'll be back!Can I just say wow. The food was killer, especially at midnight. The service was top notch (I'm a bartender, I should know) and prices are super reasonable. Best spot for late night food.Ate here twice in the same week. Had the gyro one day and had the chicken kebab later. Both dishes were delicious. Service was quick and courteous. Nice decor and ambiance. Close to tourist areas as well!Crazy good hummus and falafel, big open doors to the street, lovely service, and legit Mediterranean food 24 HOURS (that to me is nuts!) definitely going back...maybe for the Kambucha alone!Very clean and inviting place, service was outstanding. I got a table right away on a Tuesday evening during dinner time. Had the shrimp and salmon kabob served with pita and hummus and a green salad,,which was excellent and filling.  Baklava for desert was an added treat. Can't wait to go back and try something else.The food here is well-prepared and very fresh! It's a far cry from the typical NOLA fried food. It will be a relief to anyone looking​ for healthy or vegetarian food.
I had the Chicken Shwarma with hummus and a salad. My companion had the lamb shank with vegetables. We had a spinach​ pie as an appetizer.
The spinach pie was tasty and warm but not crispy as I expected. Still delicious and the tzatziki​ sauce was fresh and delicious. 
The chicken shwarma was really delicious and was a large portion. I had enough for another meal. The hummus was the best I've ever eaten. Very creamy and served with a lovely dip of spiced oil in the center. The salad was very fresh, too.
I don't eat lamb and was reluctant to have even a taste but it was really delicious and well-prepared. 
A few things were off here but not enough to stay away:
-There was only one non-caffeinated/sugar-free​ drink that I wanted and they were out of that one.
-The server seemed very unsure of himself. But I know of think that might be due to the fact that they weren't busy and he didn't have any flow.
-Again, spinach pie would have been better crispy but was delicious just the same.
Noteworthy: 
The location used to be an upscale Italian restaurant with opera singing. The bldg was split into Cleo's and a convenience store. There's no liquor at the store or the restaurant. I'm assuming that's coming because after all, it is New Orleans and people will want to drink, even if they're eating healthy food.
There was someone working in the back of the restaurant that poked his head out to give us some tips about Jazz Fest. Most appreciated! He said to go to the food vendors right before they close and you'll get free food and/or extra food. Good to know! Also, there was a female server that was very friendly. So all-around, a very good experience here.   
The flatware was very nice as were the stylish stoneware plates. The pita was served on a wooden tree ring cutting board. Very nice touch!
​New Orleans is famous for it's Creole dishes.  Many of the entrees and appetizers are seafood based.  Also, I am not a fan of highly spiced foods.  Finding a Mediterranean restaurant close to my hotel was like an oasis in the desert.  My neighborhood in NYC is ethnically diverse and I have the pleasure of experiencing many different cuisines, and there is no dearth of Mediterranean restaurants.  Cleo's had some of the best Mediterranean dishes I have eaten in a long time.  I believe the owners are Egyptian, but the food was similar to Turkish meals I have had.  The portions were generous and the food was very delicious.  I wish I knew what spices were used.  I ordered a chicken kebab and the chicken was perfectly cooked.  Chicken is difficult to get right.  Overcook it just a bit and it becomes very dry and tasteless.  Also, the interior of the restaurant was very nice and the service was good. I enjoyed my meal so much that I returned the next evening.Being local, I'm never one to eat in the French Quarter but I'll make every exception for this spot. Rack of lamb and hummus and my whole day get better! If you're a tourist, go! If you're a local, GO!!! The atmosphere is eclectic and the staff is great! Just one more spot that makes your New Orleans experience unique!This is great food and the closest to authentic Arabic Food we have enjoyed since moving from the Middle East to America.Stood there for ten minutes and no one acknowledged me. To be completely clear, no one else was there. I yelled hello a few times and got no response. As I was about to leave, an employee  walked in. He said that they weren't completely open despite what the hours and signs say.
I left. Poor customer service.One of the best Mediterranean restaurants we ever been. The chicken shawarma was fantastic! This was our favorite meal above any Cajun or creole food we had during our visit. Our waiter, Clint, made the visit that much better.I made a yelp account just to review this as one of the most appalling experiences I have EVER had at a restaurant...and I didn't even get to try the food. I had three of my friends drive an hour to meet me here for my lunch break. After waiting about 40 minutes and realizing that the entire restaurant had been served except for us, our waiter had his friend explain to us that our ticket had been "misplaced." Whatever. My lunch break is ten minutes past being over at this point and still no food to be seen. I explain that I will need mine in a go box since I had been waiting for my entire break. He makes a face at me, says, "jesus f*ck whatever, okay fine" and my jaw dropped. "Excuse me???" I asked him because surely, he wasn't speaking to US that way. He looks at me and turned around without another word. I will NEVER be back to this location after I return this evening to notify a manager. A special thank you to that waiter for wasting my entire afternoon and ruining what is generally considered a fabulous restaurant. I wish the food had been able to redeem the service, but we obviously left after being spoken to like that. No lunch for me today.First timers for Mediterranean food!  Had the Za'atar Shrimp (shrimp with hummus & fresh pita bread) and the Grilled Shrimp Kebab Platter - yum!  Topped it off with Baklava Pistachio!  Pleasant surprise.  Excellent service and super friendly server (Jeremy)!  Thanks for making it great for our first timeVisiting from Los Angeles and came across this place randomly having visited the liquor/convenience store it's connected to & wanted to try something different.
Clean, good customer service, and the food is very flavorful. 
Ordered the chicken kebab plate with a side salad and rice, spinach pie, and baklava pistachio for dessert. Spotless dishes/utensils & napkins was a plus. Overall everything was perfect, no complaints!Food is tasty and price is fair.The owner is awesome , environment is modern and spacious.