NOLA does it agin with delicious food and charm! My palate was once again satisfied. If you are from NY or the Caribbean then you will appreciate this jewel in the city!I found this restaurant within easy walking distance of the hotel I stayed at on a recent business trip to New Orleans.  I chose this one because of the Middle Eastern food and because there were some vegan options.  The food was delicious, and the atmosphere super casual (think tables and chairs set up inside a convenience store - because, really, that's exactly what it is), and it's open 24 hours a day.  I had the fried eggplant platter, which I do recommend - whether you're vegan or not, it's yummy and filling!  It included the fried eggplant, hummus, pita bread and salad.  The service was reasonably fast and friendly.  I'd definitely eat here again.Looking for something close to my hotel. This was on the corner. Very good quality. Lamb kabobs were delicious and the hummus was extraordinary.This place is good and innovative!  The hummus was so delicious and I love how they put blackberries in it/on it, so DELISH.  Came in with a group of six and we all loved our food!  I can't wait to go back! 
Our table ordered: hummus appetizer, shrimp kabobs, beef kabobs,  chicken shawarma, beef shawarma.Solid Egyptian spot in a liquor store. Had the gyro/chicken shawarma plate with salad and hummus. Licked my plate clean. Wife had the gyro wrap which was a little small. Prices are a tiny bit high given that you are sitting in a liquor store, not in a proper restaurant. Can't beat open 24/7.
Owner pointed out that this isn't a liquor store....because they don't sell liquor. Still has that feeling, you get the point.I would like to give a personal thanks to Caroline and the staff the night of my visit. It was my first time dining at Cleo's and trying mediterranean cuisine and I must say the experience was extremely satisfying. Caroline recommended me the best option she thought I would be interested in and her service was the icing on the cake. I even came back the day after just to order the same meal all over again. The service was pretty quick & they give you plenty of options from a cooler/fridge to choose from.Thank you Sam and Ashra for an amazing lunch. Shoutout to Sean (waiter in training)... Keep this place going with great service and amazing food! I will definitely be returning!I LOVE that this place is open 24 hours. Why? Because after I drink I get hungry and I don't like fast food. So this place is great. The food? 5 stars all the way! Our waiter was amazing too. Very friendly and social. Oh FYI I haven't been here after drinking yet. LoL only during lunch but the fact that I can is great. 
The only complaint that I have is that when I went to pay for the food, the cashier said something about my hair that bothered me. My hair is very curly and big and I love it. But I guess he thought otherwise and wanted to make a joke. It took every ounce of the good side of my soul not to slap him. Anyway, I digress. The food is too great to knock off a start so I will leave it at 5.Never judge from the appearance. Cleo's shares quarters with a convenience store, it's not a fancy place but they do Middle Eastern classics really really well. Nice hummus, excellent baba ganouj, stuffed grape leaves, delicious falafels, kibbeh, taboule, and kebabs. We keep coming back.We came in for Tulane graduation and needed a quick bite.  A passing professor suggested Cleo's and we walked
At first it seemed like a convenience store and almost didn't walk in.   That would have been a huge mistake 
Service. Fresh pita. Hummus to crave.  Gyros. Salads drinks.  Treats 
Stop in and tell Caroline we sent youExactly what you would expect from a 24/7 middle eastern kitchen/market.  The tabuli and hummus pretty good.  Chicken kabob okay.  Bread was kinda stale.  The guy running the place was friendly.This has probably the best Mediterranean food I've ever has.  Loved the Fava bean dip and marinated lamb.  Everything was so fresh and the presentation beautiful.  It was easy to get over the convenience store lighting once I tasted the food.Such a rare find. Great rack of lamb seasoned perfectly and cooked to temperature in this diner/convenience store across from the Saint Hotel. Loved every bite and enjoyed the variety of customers walking through. 
Well lit and clean.Delicious food and good Mediterranean flavors.
However, the place is more like a fast dine in or to take out! It's not a restaurant where you go for a date!This is the kind of mom and pop operation that I love to find. All of the food is made fresh on site except for the pastries according to the gentleman that took care of me. 
I had the combo with chicken and beef shawarma with hummus and a nice salad with a yogurt dressing on the side. I was also able to taste the kibbeh. 
The food is fresh and absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. The people are very friendly and knowledgeable. Did I mention the food is absolutely delicious? 
I will definitely be back.I'm from the Middle East and I've been around the US and had middle eastern food at various places.
My wife and I  decided to try this place out during our visit to New Orleans given its proximity to our hotel and the great reviews and pictures on Yelp.
We had the hummus, taboule salad, chicken shawarma wrap and lamb kofta wrap.
When I entered the store, it was overwhelmed by smoke from the kitchen, no one was there to welcome us, the place isn't clean. (1 star)
As for the food which we took Togo since the place wasn't an option given the lack of cleanliness.
Hummus tasted good, but was very little for the price and was filled with hot chili paste which isn't a typical garnish in hummus. (3 stars)
Taboule salad, amazing, one of the best we've tried in the US. (4 stars)
The wraps were edible, not the best. The kofta was more fried than grilled. (2 stars)
Overall, I wouldn't go back. And I truly hope they invest in cleaning up the place and fixing the ventilation system.Delicious Mediterranean food, reasonable prices, & excellent service. Spicy hummus was excellent!! Open until 4AM- this place is a must visit. Great service!This place is fantastic! The food was delicious, the service fast. We got the grilled Haolumi appetizer and falafel appetizer. They were both delicious and the dipping sauce for the falafel was probably the best I've ever had of that type! I got the combo plate with chicken shwarma and gyro. My fiancé got gyro and beef shwarma. It was all delicious! I will def be coming back :)Don't waste your money 
The worst place ever the most disgusting fake middle eastern food 
I'm middle eastern and I been eating this food since for ever this place is waste of money and time giving me uncooked food and I did inform the worse person who's acting in charge that this food is garbage all what he recommend is to leave a review well here you go 
Hope everyone stay away from this fake middle eastern foodExceptional food, unique twist to Mediterranean cuisine. Hummus and vegetarian platter were exceptional.We were looking for food in the middle of the night after a family member gave birth and we landed here. It was better than going to bed hungry......the shawarma wrap was very ho-him. Not much effort put into making anything special there. The Greek salad was ok.Really good food and they're open 24/7! My SO and I came here around 2am Saturday night for some post-drinks grub. I ordered the falafel platter, which comes with hummus, salad and pita bread. The falafel was spiced really well and not dry at all! It came with 6. The hummus was delicious and the garlic sauce I asked for was very good too. 
My SO ordered the beef kebob which comes with rice and hummus, he really enjoyed this as well. 
I'd 100% come back and will probably order a chicken dish next time!Last night was our second time visiting Cleo's, and it was just as excellent as the first! It is literally the first restaurant on our to do list in NOLA. Being open 24hours is a plus. Last time we had the shawarma and enjoyed it - this time we had the gyro platter... And let me say this was the BEST gyro I have ever tried. I will have dreams about it now! We also had the Foul Madamas dip and it was spicy and excellent. I'm not usually a hummus person and that was way beyond hummus! - also, I love their selection of beverages! So unique. On our way out the door I got to see someone's order of chicken wings (Greek spices) and they looked amazing as well! So many things to try there, I think I will have to start keeping a list!Updated 2016 / 6 
Food is still awesome and the service is great 
but the prices for the hookah tobacco is waaaaay over priced 
Example: double Apple hookah tobacco cost around $13.99 in all Arabic super markets 
Here it cost $30 !!!
I know its down town and all but wow !Take note people; this is how hummus is supposed to taste!
Best hummus I've ever had...
This place is a rare find - highly recommended! Clean, friendly, serving great food and good music. 
I had Lamb shish with two sides (salad and the yellow rice which was delicious) my husband got hummus as a side and it was so good we had to order more (which we then couldn't even finish)... We had this for breakfast at around 10.30am - the food was so satiating that I didn't need a meal for the rest of the day (including our 3 hour flight back to nyc). Got home around 11.30pm nyc time and I was not even famished (for full disclosure the only other things I ate that day were some nuts, cucumber and an orange). This food is quality of the less is more kind.
Cannot recommend this place highly enough and the people are so friendly. Very lucky to have found this place on our last day, the whole time I didn't even realise it was pretty much just behind our hotel (Holiday Inn). 
I'm so glad we avoided the Ruby Slipper thanks to the droves of tourists lining up outside - Cleo's was even better!
Can't wait to go back!This place is a diamond in the (very) rough. Good example of "Don't judge a book by its cover." Awesome food, great selection of drink, and surprisingly great service. 
I got the chicken shawarma and the gyro combo plate and I can't wait to try the rest!Fantastic food! The hummus is delicious and the presentation of the food is beautiful. Well worth the stop.Glad we found this place. It has great food and great and honest service. They had something for everyone. Great Middle Eastern food with a fusion twist. I would recommend this stop as a "local" spot to try in NOLA.What a wonderful surprise. It's attached to a market so you might miss this one, but don't let that happen !The food was amazing! Falafel, hummus,  grape leafs, babaganus. Everything was delicious!A very cool fine with yummy food that is responsible price. Worth a visit. Will definitely be coming back.My friends who've visited NOLA in the past raved about Cleo's. Our über drive even commented his he frequents this hole in the wall. 
If you're craving an alternative to the fried, oil and butter soaked food of the city, this hits the spot. Food ranged from $10-$15. 
It has a convenience store to one side and Mediterranean sit down/ table device on the other. They have a plethora of drinks to pick from on the wall: Overall amazing Mediterranean food. 
I got the vegetarian platter. It had hummus, babaganoush , tabouleh and grape leaves. I ate every last bit. 
My date got the fried eggplant sandwich and was happy to see it wasn't breaded and deep fried but instead lightly pan fried. He really liked it. 
We also got the grape leaves appetizer and couldn't get enough of them. They are delicious.Great place for convenience.   They had fun drinks from all over the place.   The gyros were yummy and lamb shank was tasty.  The quarter chicken was the best, super moist and tender.    All of the plates looked nice with the hummus and salad.Fantastic food in a grocery store. Best thing is that they are open 24 hours a day. I'm a vegetarian and my husband isn't, but we both left completely satisfied. Veggie plate is amazing. Will definitely come back if in NOLA.Looking for an alternative to the the Hyatr's resturant on a long business trip, we found this a short 1/2 mi walk away. Amazing food and super friendly and accomdating staff. Fresh, full of flavor. We had falafel appetizer, gyro platter with rice and hummus, and the chicken Lula platter with rice and salad. The hummus was the smoothest, creamiest that we've ever had. The flavors were right on.Walking by it looks like a convenience store from the street, and half of the business actually is, but when you go inside you will be greeted with the wonderful aroma of delicious middle eastern food.
Try the kibbie!Went in with a very large party. Everything we ordered was really good. Food came out pretty quickly for such a large party and for being a smaller restaurant. Our waiter Sam was very attentive. There was another gentle with glasses who was also very helpful, didn't catch his name.it is not even mediterranean food , this restaurant is overrated and so pricey for not delicious food i would't recommend it for anyone, the bread was cold and even the shawarma it is not good everything thing was there not good food , there is so many better optionsWhat a great surprise! Staying at the Roosevelt and wanted something other than Southern (it's great but just needed a break :-) ). Cleo's is literally across the street from us!  
We had the Falafel Platter and the Chicken Shawarma Plate. The Falafel was amazing. I've always thought it was just ground up chickpeas.  This raised the bar. The hummus, the tzatziki, the salad... all fantastic and fresh. The chicken, though not plentiful, was delicious! The pita bread was soft and warm. 
Really, really good. No frills. You get your own drink from the fridge and then pay for the whole thing in the grocery store half. It was perfect for what we were looking for.I hadn't planned to leave a review at all for this place. The food is fine but I generally don't write reviews unless I have an exceptional experience, which I did but not in the way you might think. 
I had lunch here with my parents and as we were leaving I bought some candy, which they sell a lot of. As I was paying, the guy at the counter told me that if I "ate normal food like us", Us I assume meaning any other people who eat Mediterranean food, that I would be pretty. 
So you sell candy and then when someone buys it you pass judgement and make them feel like shit via a backhanded compliment? Right. 
I said nothing because I didn't want to upset my parents, but this is a completely unacceptable thing to say to anyone, especially a customer. I didn't ask for his opinion on my appearance or my eating habits and I was so shocked I could hardly believe it.
This guy and his staff need to learn some fucking manners on how to interact with customers and perhaps just women in general. Are they completely out of touch with social issues? Being of another culture doesn't excuse any of this. 
Prior to this experience I was a fan of this place, but fuck this guy and fuck his food. If I could I'd give this place zero stars and I'll make sure I tell plenty of people about this experience so they don't patronize Cleo's.Found the restaurant by accident. At first look, it looked like a convenient mart, but we were not concerned at all. The three men that was sitting at a table had cleaned every morsel off their plates, so we were intrigued. The staff was very friendly. We had vegetarians and meat eaters in our party of 5. None of us had a problem finding something to order. The food came out quickly. The food we ordered was beautiful on presentation and all of it was DELICIOUS!! When we checked out, the cashier was very friendly and asked how we found them. We told him we found it on yelp. If I lived in New Orleans, I would definitely go back. They always say "Don't judge a book by it's cover". We say "Don't judge this place by it's cover!"I have been going here since it opened.  While it doesn't have the decor of a 5 star restaurant, the food is 5 star! The food has always been prepared to perfection.  The prices are unbelievably low.  I don't know how they are making money.  I can't make food at home for what they charge.  They are always open so you can eat there anytime of day.15 bucks for a plate of chicken shawarma. Not bad right? Food was made on the spot. Was exactly what I was looking for. Can't ask for anything moreWow! Would you have expected beautifully prepared and seasoned Mediterranean cuisine in NOLA? No neither would I, but I was floored at the quality. I got the Chicken Teeka with salad and hummus. Such fragrant chicken I've never had before. And the hummus = to die for! And my wife had the vegetarian platter = excellent baba ganoush & falafel!
A solid keeper!  
The only odd part is it's a 24/7 convenience store.Amazing food. Our waitress was fun and really helpful guiding us to the house specials. Very relaxed and casual with great prices.Was a fantastic goto (on a budget) this time around in the Big Easy. The Lamb & Hummus plate was very tasty.I was here for a conference we tried other places but found Cleo's and enjoyed my meal for the first time in a week.By far the best restaurant I've visited on my trip to New Orleans. I found this place thanks to yelp, and I'm so glad I did. Nikki was our waitress, she was so kind! They were very accommodating to us (vegetarian) as well as giving me some cucumbers for my hummus (I can't eat bread). The food was so good! Very different from what I'm used too (I'm from Texas) but wow! Great job Ashraf! (Chef) What a hidden little gem  We will definitely be back.  Thank you for a wonderful experience.Damn that was good. Spinach pie and falafel app. Employees are nice.This is a joke. $7 for a gyro, .50¢ to add raw onions, and $1 to add a sprinkle of feta. All on top of 4 slivers of gyro meat. Upset at myself for going here. Stay away. Not worth a trip or your money!Went there for a quick bite. Ordered beef lula kebab. It was very tasty. Stuffs are really friendly and delivered the order real quick. Clean, small place with great food.I'm so grateful for this place. There's not much in the way of diversity when it comes to available food in New Orleans. Here is a place that's open 24 hours and offers quite good Mediterranean food.
PS. Glad to see someone in town sells San Pellegrino (Blood Orange) soda. I hardly ever drink carbonated crap anymore but when I do....Nola cuisine is amazing but if you want something different you must come here!! We had the chicken kabobs, amazing and the hummus oh my!!A surprise find late at night and couldn't be happier!  The food was fantastic and a very friendly place  - highly recommend!  Greek salad, fried eggplant and hummus.  Delicious!!Stopped here for supper It was quite late and I was happy to see the place was still open. I ordered the chicken tikka with rice and hummus it was amazing. I would say the best chicken tikka I have every had. As I was staying in the Roosevelt which is less then one block away I found myself stopping in to pickup snacks and drinks as it is a market as well and it being open including the kitchen 24 hours 7 days a week it is a real treat. I will be going back to New Orleans in a few weeks and I will be stopping in Cleo's again.Don't let the convenience store vibes discourage you.  The food here is excellent.  Prices are good for the portions too, although they do have a few speciality entrees that run closer to $20 (but omfg that chicken steak and chicken teeka are BOMB).  Great non-booze drink selection. Although they are open all night! Everyone who works there is sweet as pie. The chef clearly has experience in fine dining because even my takeout is beautiful every time.I love this place. The set-up Is weird as hell but the food is great and all the staff are nice and friendly too! Walking in, you're faced with a convenience store on the right and restaurant seating to the left. The convenience store feels like it's been lifted straight from a gas station. As I said, weird. Anyway, sit down and they will bring you a menu. There is lots to choose from. The hummus is great, really creamy, tons of flavor and comes with pita. The falafel is excellent, you get a great flavor from the herbs and the chickpeas themselves aren't blended too much, there's still a good amount of flavor. Also on the positives, they don't feel at all oily. One of the other dishes I go for regularly is the lamb kebab and that's equally as good. Tender pieces of lamb, dressed, with lettuce, tomato, and yoghurt sauce. All great and great value too! (Falafel & hummus - $5. Lamb kebab sandwich - $6).
As I write this, I can't think of anything I've eaten there that hasn't been good...can't think of anything. My only complaint would be that the pita isn't fresh, they microwave it to warm it up before being brought to the table. It's fine, but not great. 
Cleo's may look and feel like a bodega but it's so much more than that.Delicious authentic food. Large menu to choose from. Reasonable price.  Service is fast and professional.  
We will definitely go back.So good! Yes, it's a little weird that the restaurant is in a convenience store but this is arguably as good as Shaya. Easy, quick way to get your Greek fix on a budget. Get the gyro platter.If you are looking for tasty fare available day or night, this is a great place. It is perfectly located on Roosevelt very close to French quarter, excellent middle eastern food. We got a falafel appetizer and grape leaves platter. Generous portion of pita bread but a little low on hummus. I also expected the platter to come with some rice (had a craving for it bad) but it did not. But overall, good food, decent prices and 24 hour availability! What's not to like?I used to love this place because it's open 24/7. Some of their items I've had better, but for being open whenever it's never been bad. Recently though I had a couple of bad experiences that don't make me want to return. Their menu says they only put tahini on their sandwiches. I'm allergic to yogurt and can't eat tzatziki so this is something I really liked about their food. I ordered a gyro one night expecting it to be tzatziki free and it came with tzatziki. I was disappointed that I couldn't eat it, but no big deal, stuff happens. I called in another order about a week later and explicitly asked them to just do tahini and no tzatziki. I pick up the order and I see the ticket says to do the exact opposite. I figure it'll be nothing to scoff at, and that they would be willing to remake it. The chef comes out telling me that it was my responsibility, that I made a mistake ordering, and that I would have to pay for the food anyway and if I wanted it a different way I'd need to be more clear. The counterperson then tries to point out their menu telling me I had asked for what they had done. It was late, I was tired and hungry, so not wanting to make a scene I paid and left. While I know I willingly paid, it seems the man didn't want to take the hit and figured he could pawn the mistake off on me rather than his employee. I hate to harm a POC owned business but this really ruined Cleo's for me, and I will definitely not be returning.What happened to my gf and I is almost unbelievable. While we were waiting for our food a huge rat ran through this liquor store. The way it is setup is the restaurant is attached to a small liquor store. One group also saw and left immediately but us not being from around the area we decided to stay. On top of that when my chix steak came there was a curly hair in my salad. I told them and they didn't even replate the meal. They just threw the salad away and gave it back to me. Then when I went to pay they gave me $5 off instead of taking care of the meal. No one wears hair nets there and quite frankly it's pretty disgusting.
Nola is awesome but this was the only bad experience of the whole trip. Think twice before you go here unless they get shut down by the health department for vermin first.Great little dive. Decent prices, decent portions and excellent beverage selection. I recommend the gyros. Their tzatziki sauce is fantastic.Don't miss this little secret.  Beautiful food. Good service. No frills but who needs frills with food this wonderful.My wife and I had the hummus (superb), falafel (on par with the best I've had), gyro wrap (excellent), and chicken shwarma.
Clean.  Good service despite one guy who hops between tables while also working in the kitchen.  You cannot beat the price for the quality and speed.  As quick as "fast food" and infinitely healthier.
This will be my my go-to Mediterranean place downtown (Sahara Cafe when on the West Bank).  Shaya for high-end stuff Uptown.
There really isn't more to say - simple, clean, fast.  Go.Best Mediterranean food I ever tasted!! We got the fried eggplant (not fried with breading), falafel wrap & a mezze platter. The eggplant was fried with garlic & went perfectly with the perfectly made hummus. Falafel was crunchy on the outside & moist on the inside without being dense. Restaurant  is open 24 hrs & service is on point!I really want to like Cleo's. Middle Eastern food is rare in New Orleans and they get major props for being open 24 hours. Unfortunately, they fall short in a few areas. THE FOOD: If you know from great middle eastern fast food, it's not great. The flavors are alright but there is no consistency in the kitchen. Dishes come out dry and sparse. THE SERVICE: The guy behind the register is constantly running back into the kitchen because no one is ever actually taking care of business in the kitchen. The guy who is sometimes in the kitchen is always walking off because he obviously doesn't want to be there. It feels like they just won't/can't hire anyone to slay behind the grill and that's what they need. Service is slow and reluctant. ATMOSPHERE: It's a 24/7 convenience store so the food and service and value should be super on-point. It's not. VALUE: A meager falafel platter is $14 dollars. WTF. BONUS: They sell weird candy.I came here with a group of 7 and they arranged the tables for us and gave us menus. We all grabbed drinks from the fridge though I asked for water and they don't give you cups of water. Sad. So I grabbed a half and half lemonade and iced tea. For food I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap, and our food came out quite promptly. My wrap wasn't super amazing but it was decent. Chicken was tender but could've used more flavor; balance of vegetables to chicken was good. Pricey meal though; since we were more than 5 people, gratuity was included in our bill, bringing my $6.99 wrap and $.99 drink to $10.81 (11% tax, 22% tip). 22%! The food here definitely is 3 stars, but I would've bumped it up to the great friendly service. The guy came around a few times to check how we were which was nice and he was friendly about our demands. But since it was 22% of our bill, I feel like I don't want to give an extra star because the service should be good at that rate. The bill was also super difficult to figure out because the names of the dishes weren't on the bill. Anyway, quite a pricey meal for the amount of food, but a good break from the normal southern food and really friendly service.The place was packed with what seemed to be regulars, drawn by the reasonable prices (can you imagine 4 lamb chops for $11.99?) and wonderful food.  There was a real family feel, with elderly nearby residents, a mom with her toddler, even students from Tulane.  I'd like to take a bunch of the hummus  and the Egyptian iced tea home with me, and the Egyptian baklava was different from the Greek; fabulous.  There's a convenience store in half the space with middle eastern goodies it would be hard to find elsewhere in NOLA! My husband and I brought back snacks to enjoy in our hotel room.Phenomenal meal before a show at the Saenger. My husband had the chicken wrap and said it was easily the best he ever had. My falafel wrap was fantastic! The hummus was so flavorful! Everything tasted very fresh and cooked to order. Very unexpected. So glad we found this spot!This spot is really unusual.  Amazing food in an odd spot.  A local suggested this restaurant and told us that it was also a convenient store.  I assumed they were separate, but we walked through the doors to what was half a convenient store and half a restaurant.  
We almost left because we were so confused, but we decided to stay, and I am so glad we did.  We ordered the falafel balls as an appetizer, and those were amazing!!  Absolutely delicious -- probably the best falafel balls I've ever had.  For my entrée I ordered the lamb and beef kabobs which came with saffron rice and a side of hummus and pita.  The kabobs were flavorful and spicy; I chopped them up and mixed it up with the rice and hummus. 
There were 13 of us there, and it wasn't very busy, so there was plenty of room for us to sit and enjoy. 
It was a little odd having our server help us and the people in the convenient store, but by the time we left, I felt like we had found a nice little gem in New Orleans.  Very unexpected and pleasantly perfect.  You must try it!!Nice cook and owner. We talked to both for quite a while, which made for a very friendly staff but you're eating in a retail environment among people shopping.Back again this month.  Still loving this place!  I'm surprised by the variety in the little store adjacent to the restaurant: lovely things in the refrigerator case and the shelves for in-room treats for us out-of town visitors.  The food fresh and well-prepared delivered to your table quickly, smoking hot (if it's supposed to be!).  Delectable desserts; how can you resist a place like this, turning out meals like this, day and night?Staying at the Jung hotel and this place was right down the street. The food is fresh and flavorful. Dino our server was friendly and kind. Great lunch. We'll definitely be back before our trip is over.This place moved a block away to the riverside/uptown corner on Canal St. Still also a grocery.
The falafel is excellent, and I have high standards for that. Hummos, sauces, foul- everything is tasty without overkill, even the salad dressing. The pita is not stale, which is big for me. The lady of my house says the chicken kebab is moist and perfectly spiced.
If you don't know this kind of food, this has become a great place to discover it.Hidden Gem! Incredible food, great staff and truly authentic Mediterranean cuisine! We will definitely be back next time we are in New Orleans.After reading good reviews here on yelp, i decided to check this place out. I have eaten mediterranean cuisine of this kind in Greece, Amsterdam, Germany, san francisco, london, Detroit and NYC. The falafel wrap which these cleo guys served me, they had not warmed up the pita bread, it tasted like it was sitting in the fridge without even a wrapper. And to make it worse, they did not even offer to make it right after i complained. The pita has to be warmed up on a hot grill or a toaster oven before adding the dressings, hummus, veggies and salads. They claimed that the dressings are cold which made the pita cold and nobody has complained so far.Great food, good vegetarian options. Highly recommended! Right on canal street. I'll come again.Had the grilled shrimp plate and it was delicious! Ashraf the chef is phenomenal... loved the strawberry and all the pretty decorations she put on.Earned top rating due to fresh tasting high quality dishes. Do not let the convenient store dissuade, the cafe inside is all local, all authentic, and ALL GOOD!