Crawfish are good but wayyyyyy too spicy.The potatoes keep your lips and mouth burning .If you like overly hot then i guess this place is for you....I should have added the 2 stars are based on personal taste.Best crawfish broil and jambalaya we've had - ever. Cool vibes all around. Expect a local NOLA night away from the crowds and craziness.Amazing food and environment! We walked in on a rainy Saturday afternoon. There was a private party taking shelter from the rain, but they were incredibly welcoming and even shared their kegs with us! The staff was very friendly and gave great recommendations on how much food to order. They recommended at least 2lbs of crawfish per person, so we started with 2 each and then went back for another lb each after. The crawfish were DELICIOUS. The perfect seasoning made it strongly flavored but not too salty or spicy. I did feel some were a little overcooked, but they were so tasty I didn't even mind. The sides (at least the potatoes and corn) come with a garlic butter on top and were so surprisingly delicious. We also ordered the jambalaya fries, which made it too much food but were 100% worth it. 
So go! Try all of these things!Visited with friends. Had a sampling of everything. Burgers, shrimp, jambalaya and crawfish. All very good. Very casual New Orleans location. Love to do it again.Delicious. Can't believe it has taken me so long to get to this neighborhood place. The crawfish are boiled perfectly spicy. Jambalaya cheese fries sounded strange yet turns out they're awesome. So glad this place is open late!This place is awesome.  Crawfish is super legit, as is the rest of the food we had.  Fried catfish, meat pie, fries.  It's the drinkin food you want. 
The owner James is super cool and so are the dudes that work there. Love this neighborhood, thanks guys.We visit New Orleans at least annually and the Cajun cuisine is always one of the good parts of the trip. This trip we decided to get off the beaten tourist path and try a more realistic dining experience focusing on crawfish. Wow are we glad we did. This is a no frills place but cool with the feel you are eating in your buddy's man cave or garage. The food was beyond delicious! We had stuffed bell peppers with cornbread as an appetizer and crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage. The crawfish were amazing and cooked perfectly. The sausage is some of the best I've ever had. We also got to sample a little of their fried catfish and it is the best I have ever eaten and I live on the TN river which is known as the catfish capital of the world. Tiny (really should be called Giant) was an awesome host. He had us try some fried jambalaya bites and wow these were great! It's their own jambalaya rolled into small balls and battered and deep fried served with remoulade. I highly recommend you find this place and give it a try. The prices are very affordable and much less than the more traveled tourist spots. I can assure you it will not be our last trip to enjoy their great food!Found this place via Yelp. It was my first time having crawfish and it was delicious! I really wished they gave more potatoes and corn with the meal but the corn was the best I've ever had. Definitely recommend!We visit New Orleans at least annually and the Cajun cuisine is always one of the good parts of the trip. This trip we decided to get off the beaten tourist path and try a more realistic dining experience focusing on crawfish. Wow are we glad we did. This is a no frills place but cool with the feel you are eating in your buddy's man cave or garage. The food was beyond delicious! We had stuffed bell peppers with cornbread as an appetizer and crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage. The crawfish were amazing and cooked perfectly. The sausage is some of the best I've ever had. We also got to sample a little of their fried catfish and it is the best I have ever eaten and I live on the TN river which is known as the catfish capital of the world. Tiny (really should be called Giant) was an awesome host. He had us try some fried jambalaya bites and wow these were great! It's their own jambalaya rolled into small balls and battered and deep fried served with remoulade. I highly recommend you find this place and give it a try. The prices are very affordable and much less than the more traveled tourist spots. I can assure you it will not be our last trip to enjoy their great food!Clesi's puts a great spin on New Orleans staples. The atmosphere is relaxed. The people are great. The food is amazing! Definitely worth checking out. The catfish is to die for. The crawfish are PERFECT! I could eat here multiple times a week and never get sick of the food.Good crawfish that aren't very spicy.  However, they are clean.  My only criticism is that they serve them in a to-go box with sausage.  I did not like the sausage at all.  It was boiled with the crawfish and very spongy.  Next time I go I'll ask them to skip the sausage and just give me crawfish.  They are also the most expensive crawfish I've purchased this season.Went for the crawfish, but they don't start serving crawfish until 5 p.m.  Must have missed that little bit of info.  Unfortunately, it was our last day in NOLA and we weren't going to be in town for dinner.The best crawfish in New Orleans! And try the decadent Jambalaya fries.. Ta die 4 good! James is fantastic and gave us even more then we could eat! Will always be a place for us to eat during Jazzfest!Speaking for my mom's experience ( I went but I don't eat seafood) she loved it. She loved the crawfish she said they were the best crawfish she ever had. She also like how you can sit outside and and eat. 
She will definitely go back. 
I recommend if you want to eat some really tasty crawfish.Come here for some crawfish, anything on the menu, or just to talk to James. He's a good dude and a hard worker. Highly recommend!Clesi's is a little out of the way from the tourist sites, but it is totally worth the Lyft/Uber ride. It was my friend and my first time trying crawfish and OH MY LORD, it was amazing.  So flavorful and the spicy kick was perfect. We started off with 3 lbs to share ($6/lb) and ended up eating another 3 lbs. We ate until our fingers couldn't peel anymore. They offer both outdoor and indoor seating. If you hate flies, you're better off eating indoors. At night, they turn on the string lights outdoors, which makes for great ambiance.Man, these are probably the BEST crawfish I've had! I consider myself a foodie and for crawfish im really, really extra picky, so for me to say that it's freaking delicious, trust me, me, it's delicious, spicy and full of flavor!Took awhile to get the crawfish, but the best I've had outside of doing boils with friends. Very friendly and great set up. Can get beers at Bank st or bring your own.Super good food, but people were extremely rude except for the guy with the long blonde hair thanks for being so nice and teaching us how to eat crawfish (he's the only reason I rated this 4 stars)Stopped by today to try the Fried Catfish since it was voted Best in NOLA.  It was excellent. The coating was crispy and the seasoning was just right.  Fish was fresh. Came with Jambalaya which was good though I prefer the country-style brown jambalaya.  Service was prompt and staff was friendly.  Price was also very reasonable. With a drink I paid a little over $10.  Well worth the trip to Mid-City.Stopped in here for a bite one evening.  Wasn't sure to expect, and ordered a shrimp/catfish basket. My golly, this had to be the best fried catfish Ive ever tasted- super crisp, fresh, and seasoned to perfection! The shrimp were also nice and plump- tasted fresh off the boat. I spoke with Mr. Clesi, and what a great guy. He serves honest, straight up fresh New Orleans style seafood that warms the heart. 
In addition, he makes some of the best jambalaya Ive had. Its got that deep, rich, roasty brown color from the caramelized sausage. Just enough spice to wake you up.  Highly recommend giving them a try, and I look forward to going back soon!im from new york and decided to stray away from the french quarter for some amazing!!!!!!!! food. very easy to get to by bus. just ask google for directions. the food was Amazing. the catfish and jambalaya was soooooo tasty, it was really crispy and very well seasoned . im hispanic so I know well seasoned food. the guy that served the food was so friendly and was giving us other suggestions to hear good live music. the crawfish was so damn good. it was coocked perfect and not over coocked. it had this great seasoning that made you just want to eat the whole shell too lol. theres a bar next door where you can get beer and bring it back to enjoy with your food. highly highly recommend. the restaurant is also very clean and has a great atmosphere. its located in a nice suburb.Amazing! Definitely worth the uber ride out of the french quarter... or you could bike there! Authentic Delicious crawfish with great service and fantastic price.This place doesn't have much of a menu, but that was fine because all we wanted were crawfish and they had a ton of that!! For those that don't know, this place is BYOB. We did not know that but they suggested we go to the bar next door and bring a couple drinks back. The staff we very nice and the crawfish were good. Not much to complain about, other than that it's a little far from downtown where our hotel was. An Uber was about $10 each way but that's not their fault. I would definitely go back for more crawfish!Very delicious, missed the crawfish season and bummed about that. Jambalaya was great, the cheese fries are perfect, and the catfish was perfect.Highly recommend this place we came from Chicago and all we wanted was Crawfish and we were not disappointed will be coming back before we take off !We really enjoyed this place. The service was great and the staff were very friendly and efficient. I came up to the register with cash to get more corn and another drink, and when I came up a few cents short, the man said he'd take care of it even though it really was a matter of popping back over to my table to get change. We ordered our food, sat down, and maybe 10 minutes later, they brought our order to us. The prices were worth what you received. I ordered 1lb of crawfish, potatoes, corn, and sausage and a bottled water and spent about $10 without tip. There were other menu items I wanted to try, but I was very satisfied with the food that I ordered. Overall, it was a great experience and I'd love to stop by here again on my next visit to NOLA.I give the place four stars because trying to park in that area was pretty tight.  However the food deserves more than 5 .  We wanted to sit next door at the bar and they brought the food to us. The crawfish had the right spice and the wife loved fried pickles and dip.   Can't wait to come back and do it again.4 stars because a lot of my crawfish had straight tails :/ however! They were good, and CHEAP! $6/lb! Friendly staff! Live music! Doesn't get better!This place is amazing. They run out of crawfish within an hour of boiling so get there early. James is awesome and will do anything to take care of you. The crawfish are spot on, the corn is amazing, and the portions are great. Over a few days we had everything on the menu. The boudin balls, catfish, jambalaya, and accompanying mustard are the bomb. I recommend this place every day of the week for great comfort food. I'll come back to New Orleans just to come back hereCrawfish were excellent but jambalaya tasted old and should not have served.  Stick to the crawfish!The crawfish was very good and tasty the corn and potatoes were full of flavor. The fried catfish and shrimp were very very good. We had a group of nine people as we ordered the printer went down in the kitchen. We had a little longer wait than normal but they more than made up for the inconvenience everything turned out great. Good atmosphere nice crew. We will be back when we come back to NOLA.Very good crawfish. They reheated them but the crawfish came with sausage, lots of potatoes and corn. We ate at the bar and were served by the owner James. They are open untill midnight and have fish, burgers, bugs, jambalaya and bread pudding.Staff was super friendly and helpful. Got to watch them cook the fresh crawfish. They don't service alcohol here but your welcome to get a drink at the bar next door and bring it to your table.
Mostly outside seating, flavors are delicious!!Love this place! Great and friendly service, ambiance is so unique and crawfish is outstanding!!! Come on and try this place!This dump seems to be closed permanently.My friend got food poision from here .They open for a couple of days and then close for weeks no wonder she got food poision do not trust this place food is not fresh .How could it be with such random stupid hours.Who the hell is running this place lol.What a joke! Buyer beware.You have been warnedEverything is fantastic with great service. Crawfish, catfish, and jambalaya are particularly amazing. Very cool place.DEFINITELY DO NOT GO BEFORE 3PM. i went to clesi's one evening and got pretty good crawfish. so good that i went back the next day around 3. They gave me 1lb of fresh, hot crawfish and FOUR pounds of what was obviously the old and small leftovers from the day before... many of the crawfish were small, MUSHY, and already cracked. even the corn was a day old. do better, yallAmazing Jambalaya fries - a must order. Sell out of crawfish mad quick thoCrawfish is good and very nice employees .We did like the corn and sausage.Loved the place. Great atmosphere. Friendly people and neighborhood. Owner was super nice. Great place for crawfish lovers. Seasoning was good, a bit on the salty side but good nonetheless. We had 4 lbs of crawfish plus the jambalaya fries. Crawfish were $6/lb.The crawfish was great.  I am sensitive to salt and it was perfect for me. I had 3 small pieces of smoked sausage (app 1 1/2"), 2 potatoes and a corn as well as 3lbs of crawfish.  I wanted more but was on a tight schedule.  I didn't have too many sides to where I was too full to enjoy my crawfish. I did have to wait about 25 min between ordering and receiving my order as they had just started boiling more.The crawfish, fried catfish and jambalaya were amazing. Everything was perfectly cooked and spiced. The outdoor seating and chill ambiance were perfect.The best crawfish I have had in New Orleans! We ordered 7 pounds and finished all! I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends who would like to have crawfish in New Orleans---and catfish--- they offered us to try some slices and it tastes so good!After taking a trip to a couple of cemeteries, my boyfriend and I decided to eat in the area. Using good ol' yelp, we searched restaurants nearby. We decided on Clessi's. We got there a few minutes before they opened and had drinks at the bar next door. 
One inside we ordered a Shrimp boil, since crawfish was not in season. Since the wait was about 20 minutes, we ordered fried broccoli; amazing!! The dipping sauce was so good and savory. Once we got our shrimp boil,we ordered another order of broccoli and started peeling them shrimps. They were delicious! I wanted to chug the broth in the bowl, but decided to stay classy. The shrimp was perfectly seasoned with a slight kick of spice, the corn was sweet and a perfect balance to the kick.Southern hospitality at its finest. The price is so cheap compared to the places we go to in California. 
They even gave us 3 extra crabs. 
Definitely coming back to this place when we come and visit NOLA again.Clesi's was highly recommended by friends of mine that live in New Orleans. I am visiting and they thought this was a must-have experience. I can honestly say they were right. The crawfish were amazing, the corn exceptional and I have never had sausage as good. The chef, Tiny, was so helpful and took such good care of us. He made sure that we had just the right amount of food. For a true New Orleans experience, Clesi's is the place to go!There's this guy there, Drew, that rocks at boiling crawfish. It's a great neighborhood spot where you can roll up, sit with friends and get some delicious crawfish. I'll be back. Super tasty.So i decided i would take my 2 kids and hubby out for dinner for some fried catfish well that did not work out.We walked up and they were having some kind of party and alot of ppl were dropping the f bomb and most were way wasted so we turned around and left. I guess they dont want families eating here.Ordered 10 lbs of boiled crawfish and loved it. It was my first time enjoying the cuisine and I enjoyed the taste and the experience. I'm glad there was an outdoor seating area tooDelicious crawfish. Corn and potatoes are amazing too.  Most important of all, great people!What a diamond in the rough.  The only reason for the four instead of a five is because they need more picnic tables.  Atmosphere was great.  Lot of locals.  Crawfish was great.  Went on a Sunday night and it was still packed.  We in town for a week and planning another trip.The perfect way to spend a sunny afternoon! The crawfish were perfectly cooked and good size. Easy to peel and nice and spicy! And while they don't have beer, Bank Street Bar is right next door, so just grab your beer over there.  Plus, it's only six dollars a pound.  And all the cooks have beards.  Very manly.  I'll be back!Fried catfish is so crunchy and tasty! Fries are okay side dish, jambalaya is delish! And now they have sno-balls! Get a drink at banks st bar while you wait or add liquor to your shaved ice...Clesi's may have been my favorite part of my first trip to New Orleans! We ordered the crawfish and a side of jambalaya. Both were out of this world. I had a friend who had never had crawfish before and the wonderfully sweet soul behind the counter showed him how to eat them. The phenomenal food and amazing hospitality make this place so hard to pass up. Clesi's will be a must each time I return to the big easy.Absolutely incredible!!!!  First time eating crawfish!  We loved everything.  Our group  had burger, crawfish, poboy, fries, fried pickles...incredible!!Sweet Lord! Tonight (Wednesday Night) we rolled up at about 9:15-9:30. We are not locals so it was hard for us to find a place for a late dinner that was outside of the f. quarters. We walked in and were kindly greeted with southern charm! We were the only ones there which was nice, we got great service and fresh cooked food! 
We ordered a few different things on the menu to try based on the Yelp reviews... See below:
:: Fried Shrimp + Fries * Yummy, and flavorful!
:: Catfish w/ Jambalaya Cheese Fries * Freakin' Yum!! 
:: 1 Boiled Crab - $2 (Never had this before, so it took patience to pull apart, but it was yummy) Came w/ a spicy piece of corn, a small red potato and a piece of hot sausage.
:: Cokes + Rootbeer * May I suggest a water tho! 
Overall it was a great time, food came out quickly and the hostess was super friendly! We took a lot of food to go as well! We loved the outdoor ambiance too even though we sat inside this time! Must check this place out before heading home of you are on vacation!This place is great. Delicious and super laid back. Everyone is friendly and the crawfish is fresh and the spices are really good. Definitely recommend it.Delicious craw! Not too salty, not too spicy, just right (and nice and garlicky). Not only was the craw good, but the staff was awesome too. They ran out of potatoes when we were there (we were there late, and they ran out when we ordered our second batch of food - it was that good), so they gave us a free pound of crawfish instead. Overall a great experience, and a place I'd like to go back to.This spot was recommended by our waitress at a breakfast spot in Bywater. I'm so glad she told us about it! One of the main things we wanted to have on our recent trip to New Olreans was crawfish, and boy, did Clesi's deliver. First of all, the service was phenomenal. We ordered our box of crawfish (which came with sausage and corn and a potato) and began chowing down. After talking to one of the guys, he told us he was making a fresh batch of crawfish and I was tempted to get more. He also told us that he was making some fresh fried catfish, and once I told him I've never tried catfish, he insisted on giving us a free taste! I was pleasantly surprised just how delicious that catfish was. Thin and fried to perfection, it melted in your mouth! We ended up getting too full to order more crawfish, and headed out toward the car, and said bye to our new friend. He was just pulling the freshly boiled crawfish into the shop and gave us one each to go, just so we could taste how delicious they are steaming hot and fresh... and they, again, were sooo good. Honestly, if we had one extra day on our trip, we would have gone back for a second time. Can't wait to come visit again when we make another trip to New Orleans!I was a fan of this spot. When I saw that they offered a crawfish boil after my long day in city park, I was sold for the evening.
I originally called two days prior to see if the boil would be happening. The gentleman that answered the phone was so kind, that I knew it was a place I wanted to be. Most people sound so miserable when you call ahead. 
The crawfish was fresh, and the decor was practical but with a touch of a home like feel with beautiful pillows, and wooden tables outside. Simple - yet comfortable. 
Bathrooms have recycled toilet paper (I respect this) and a practical sink to wash your hands and arms after eating the messy food. 
Cons: jambalaya fries all had fresh delicious ingredients but wayyyyyyy too much cheese. It made it difficult to eat. It was overwhelming. Also, if pitchers of filtered water were given to guests, it would be better for the environment, and nice for the customers after eating the flavorful spiced grub.Eating outdoor was nice. Environment was nice. Crawfish was ok. It was more on the bland side for me. Jambalaya was not good. Never thought I could go wrong w jambalaya. It was too slimy/mushy and for some reason more on the sour side. I'm use to jambalaya being flavorful and devouring.When I saw they won a people's choice for best catfish over Middendorf's I had to check it out for myself. Their batter for the catfish was fantastic. The jambalaya was half sausage. The fried pickles were the best I've had in town. Crawfish were pretty damn good as well. My only regret is that I heard they sometimes do boudin and I would have loved to try that as well. Great place to come get you some Louisiana food.Seriously thee best boiled crawfish (other than my Uncle Paul's). James makes you feel like family! Always a great story and awesome company. That may even make the crawfish taste better. The fried catfish is nothing to sneeze at either! 5 stars, all the way!Was a cool little spot and the catfish was very good. The crawfish was okay and wasn't spicy enough. Maybe it was just our batch. (5/10)
You can walk right next door to grab a couple of beers too.Oh my goodness.....this was by far my absolute favorite place that we stopped the entire time we were in NOLA. I wish that I could give this place 10 stars!!! The food was epic, especially the crawfish and the jambalaya. The crawfish was cooked perfect and easy to crack and so inexpensive! The jambalaya was amazing too, spicy and flavorful. We also tried their meat pies and the cheese fries, both of which were good but I'd just save extra room for the first two items next time! The thing I loved the most about this place was the staff! They were sooo friendly and welcoming and accommodating! They cook the crawfish right outside and you can watch and chat it up with the guy while he's boiling them! If you can only choose one place to eat out while in NOLA, you should definitely choose this place! You won't regret it!Crawfish is $8.00 a pound and they were TINY. 
Cocktail and wine list are extremely high for the type of restaurant it is - they should have more and less expensive options.We wanted crawfish on a Sunday, which isn't always easy to find. Thanks to yelp, we found this place! They were sooooo good! Excellent flavor! My only criticism is that they sell by the box, which is $14, and without a pound measurement it's hard to gauge how good of a deal you're getting. The boxes are full to the brim and it seems to be a good deal. They add one Corn, one potato, and one sausage to the box for free. I would suggest getting an additional box with just corn, sausage and potatoes, I like that stuff. Otherwise, we will be going back!
Great stuff!Great crawfish boil. Jumbalaya cheese fries were also unreal. Would go back again and again!Where to start!A friend that lives in New Orleans born and raised actually brought me here for some crawfish.To start off with their dumpster was about a 100 ft away from where the outdoor tables are.It had been warm and they obviously don't have a routine garbage pick up .The flys omg hundreds of them along with maggots.Frikin disgusting! There was also some kind of sludge looking crap running down the sidewalk sure hope it wasn't something coming from the building.Better yet the kitchen.We must have been glutton for punishment so we took our overpriced crawfish indoors.We ordered the catfish .Best catfish in the city? Lmao.My friend said that is a joke uf this is the best then this  city is in trouble.Undercooked,over salted ,strong in flavor nothing good about it.Then came the cook no gloves,no hair net and or hats is that not a board of health regulation in this town? Jambalaya omg this stuff was horrendous tasted oldddddd.Crawfish oh i forgot yeah they were left over not fresh .Nice way to try to cheat your customers they get away with it with locals.Glad i had a local with me to teach me the difference.So back to the inside cook smoking not washing hands touching surfaces then touching food .Old drunk emploee man breathing in our face and hitting on us.Is good help hard to find?This place is a joke don't let the reviews fool you just think about all the bad experiences that ppl havw had that don't use yelp.I work for a tour  company in FL and New Orleans tour  is the one i deal with i will make sure this place doesn't go into any of our travel brochuresClesi is a very hospitable gentleman. Small place, good price. Tasty crawfish and sausage. Didn't have jambalaya fries to try on a Tuesday night. Come eat here anyway.The crawfish were spicy and delicious. We also got an order of meat pies that reminded me of the kind you get at the zoo, which is awesome. I've heard the jambalaya and even the jambalaya fries (carb overload) are amazing, so I might have to try that next time. Go next door to Banks street bar, get a beer or three and dive into your delicious crawfish.My favorite place in the city to get my crawfish! They boil right in front of you. The later at night the spicier they seem and that is when I like to go! Amateurs stick with the daytime :)A group of 16 of us were staying just a few blocks away from Clesi's and stopped in Saturday night for crawfish. They welcomed our giant group with open arms and were very helpful for us first-timers. Within our group we ended up trying nearly everything on the menu and everything was great. We were blown away by the food and service. Atmosphere was very laid back, music was good, and prices were reasonable. Definitely very happy with our experience at Clesi's and would highly recommend it!A definite must when you're in NOLA! Super juicy crawfish and the atmosphere is amazing!Great tasting boiled crawfish that include corn, potatoes and sausage. In mid-June price was $6/pound. They have both outdoor and indoor seating. You can go next door to purchase a beer at the bar, if you like beer with your crawfish. We'll definitely be back.Two words .....consistently good! We've had the crawfish, catfish and boudin balls several times and each time did not disappoint. Good prices, nice owner & staff and great food!!!!! What more can you ask for5$/lb crawfish boil, which I thought was reasonable though Locals will know where you can get it cheaper. I came here on the red line street car from the French quarter because it had good reviews and I wanted to try something off the beaten path. It was very small and older looking, but clean, and had plenty of seating. The people were so friendly, the food came out quickly, and it was delicious. A little Cajun kick that you don't notice immediately. I got a corn, a potato, and a sausage for a couple bucks extra, and a can of coke. Total came to 10$ and some change for 1 lb which was enough for me! Apparently locals eat closer to 5 lbs but I could barely finish all that I ordered. One of the staff was nice enough to sit down with me and teach me how to eat crawfish correctly. Everyone was so so nice, and I would definitely recommend it if you want to get outside the French quarter.I had many members of my family in from out of town   to celebrate my mom's life. The day before the service we gathered together at Clesi's. I wanted them to enjoy a true New Orleans culinary  experience...eating crawfish.  To say the least, the crawfish were amazing. Boiled to perfection! The staff was very kind and eager to help. Thank you for such a wonderful experience!Crawfish here is good, real good. Murder 8 lbs no problem. Love the bar and crawfish vibe too. Order your drink, and suck on some head.