Ok spot for An inexpensive breakfast, we had a western omelette with hash browns.  It was very greasy, but tasted good.  Not a place for a nice breakfast, just somewhere to grab a bite quickly.  Average.This place is great - I've stopped in a few times over the years. It's a cozy diner open 24/7.  Comfort food done right!!  We were a group of three in for a very early breakfast. Staff was super friendly, food came quickly and is prepared right in front of you. It's at the far end of Bourbon Street - where things tend to be a little calmer. For me it's a must stop after a long night!!Great Breakfast Spot. Nice to go to the stemless meant that cares about its patrons. James is always attentive and entertaining.Good food.  The staff was great.  The pork chop and waffle was great. A must eat place.Had this been a review for my previous visits (4+ yrs ago), it would have been 5 stars off the charts.  However, the staff working this Labor Day Weekend had lots of attitude, and not in a funny sassy way (more in the we don't give a crap that you're here, enjoy your food, or come back attitude kinda way).  Once we sat down at the bar, on a very quiet Monday lunch at 11am, we watched the cashier/waiter roll silverware and chat with the chef for 15 minutes before even acknowledging us.  The burger had to be sent back b/c the fried egg came out raw (as in translucent clear runny.....not even close to being over easy).....while the waiter looked at the runny burger in disgust, the chef gave attitude that he had to be bothered to cook another burger, no mention of an apology. If you remember the days of Big Earl working this joint, you may be disappointed if you're expecting the same atmosphere, service and quality of food.  There's plenty of places to eat in the Quarter, I prefer to spend my $$ where I don't feel like I'm a nuisance to the staff who act like they would rather be doing anything else but making you feel welcome.Do you know what I want with my grilled cheese sammy?  I want dancing.  Lots of dancing.  AND disco music.  God bless the Clover Grill!
Stopped in for a quick bite after a couple afternoon cocktails at Lafitte's.  My two gal pals and I squeezed into the only three available bar stools (right in between creepy young dude and creepy old dude - yikes).  It was a few minutes before we were acknowledged, but our sassy waiter took our order promptly and brought out a round of much needed waters.
The food was tasty, and it hit the spot.  My grilled cheese was cooked perfectly and the fries my girlfriends ordered were heavily salted and crisp.  I saw them come out of a SYSCO bag, but I do not care.  Same with all the burgers we watched them cook - frozen patties right out of a SYSCO box.  Who cares?  You don't really come here for the freshest of food anyway.  You come for a quick bite to soak up the liquor - and you come for the dancing!  The short order cook in front of us danced and sang the whole time we were there.  Cook #2 was very Lafayette style (for those of you who watch True Blood) and he danced and sang as well.  Dinner AND a show folks.  Service was a bit slow, but I will definitely be back.  I'd really like to check this place out around 3am.  I bet there's even more dancing then!
Oh - and another favorite thing  about this place.  The hot dog on the menu is listed as " a quarter pound of all beef pleasure".  Below that it says "select members of the staff available for private parties".  Even the menu is sassy...The World's Best Burger. Said so on the outside of it so after partying at La Fritte and having a damn good Friday night on Bourbon, we had to check it out. I'm gonna break it down like this - 
Damn good burger.
Damn poor service.
Our waitress was totally put out by our group of five and made sure to let us know about it. I think she was the only one working, but ma'am, it's Friday night on Bourbon: you're gonna be busy, and we weren't even stupid drunk! Maybe a little drunk, but definitely not stupid drunk. I think. Yeah. Yep.
I wanted bacon on my burger and I didn't get it. However, I didn't get charged for it so that was fine. However, the pile of bacon near the grill looked wonderful and I wanted to reach over the counter and steal the plate regardless of how long it had been sitting out. 
Again, damn good burger, damn poor service. I'd hit this place on any other night than Friday, Saturday or Sunday.When you're drunk and need eggs (which let's face it, everybody in that area is drunk and needs eggs), this is the spot. Seeing a proper diner down there was like an oasis to my greasy New Jersey eyes.In the center of the French quarter you will find this greasy spoon/diner.   There is not much space here so we grabbed a seat at the bar and were handed one of the two menus that were being passed around amongst the diners. I opted for breakfast, sausage gravy and biscuits with hash browns and my wife had a grilled cheese and onion rings. The food was tasty enough and pretty cheap.  One tip I would give is to not look around too much or you will see how dirty this place is. The food prep area really needs a good cleaning, but it is a greasy spoon so it is what it is. There is no rhyme or reason as to how people get served and I saw a few people walk out after being tired of waiting. For being so small it took quite a while to pay, they seemed very short handed.best late night eats.  cook poured melted butter on my waffle before serving.  No need for syrupVery small with rude and inattentive waiters. Waiter took our orders and finally after about 45 minutes dropped a plate of overcooked fries on the table and muttered something about the food delay. When the food arrived the order wasn't correct and anything fried was either overdone or underdone. The BLT arrived without any T and when asked we were told they were coming. The waiter never came back but we did hear him tell another table they were out of tomatoes. Burger was nothing special and the tater tots were a mess - not worth the trip. Even when plastered I would avoid the place. There are other places to go to sober up.Food ok! Service is terrible! Not too sure what the fanfare is all about! Guy in his underwear serving food! Cook on the grill using his dirty hands to put food together! Sticking order tix right on the food!  Omg!! Party of 2 we were! Waited considerable amount of time for second burger to arrive to us!! Food all over the floor!! Staff could care less! All had void of personality!!  And we waited online for average burgers!! Please go at your own risk!!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME, OR MONEY - I went to Clover Grill a few times (before Katrina), and I really liked it. But, when we went there recently (May 2011) it was horrible. There were no locals, as there always were before. The only thing keeping this rat trap open are the tourists who don't know any better. Cooking conditions are filthy. I'm sure there are very few repeat customers. The Clover says "...home of the best breakfast and burgers on Bourbon Street...". Well, that ain't sayin' much. I had the burger. It was a bit pricey for a frozen pre-formed pattie-out-of-a-box - the ones with all the holes in 'em. They didn't even cook it the way I told 'em - came to me well done when I ordered medium. Wasn't a good burger. As for breakfast, the chicken fried steak was tiny (and pricey), and came out of a vac-pak bag. Denny's is better! Wow! We watched all the cooking, as we were sitting at the counter - almost every single thing in the place is pre-made/processed. Even the hashbrowns were out of a Sysco carton. As for the grits - they were okay (if it were just grits alone, with nothing added), considering the small portion for the high price, AND, instead of using butter, they were served covered in margarine, as was the toast. Can you believe that?! Tasted like movie fake-buttered popcorn. To top it all off the service was atrocious, quite rude. We got the feeling were supposed to feel lucky to be there. I won't go there again, and recommend nobody else does, either.OMG! They are not lying worlds best burger! This thing is a huge ball of perfectly seasoned meat man handled and thrown carelessly on a flattop, given a moment to sear and then flattened to a party with precise perfection with a hand trowel! This party melts in your mouth with a flavor that can not be beat! Can't wait to come back to NOLA for the burger! Too bad we waited til our last NOLA meal to try it out, we probably would have eaten here everyday! Greasy spoon, dirty floor, reasonable prices keep it up clover grill I'm coming back! Don't change a thingLate night eating there is good!  Had a great burger and fries, and took home great biscuit and gravy!I would give no stars if I could. If you want people to laugh at after a night out then you'll get that but the food is crap!Basic, inexpensive diner food. It's quite good if you keep your expectations at 'reasonable'. That being said, I would go here again. 
I went here in the morning while all the drunkards were passed out. It was very relaxing.I spent most the early 90's eating here at least once a week. The food is typical greasy spoon diner, but it is really good. I introduced new friends to the Clover Grill this weekend and one commented that it was probably the best burger that he has ever eating in his life. I had the chicken fried steak sandwich and was in love with Clover Grill all over again. It can be tricky to get a table, because they are always packed. However, wait around and see what this great little dive has to offer.The best of the 'gay' cuisine. Better than average diner grub and, if Miss Earl is working, the best floor show in town.Someone said this is a must-see on bourbon street...I don't think so.  Too crowded, nothing special on the menu, we ended up leaving to find something more worth spending a bit of our NOLA vacation on!!!Clover is the sister (heh) of another French Quarter diner that's not overtly homosexual, and slightly more amusing.  If you play the right songs on the juke you might get a floor show.  Get a chocolate shake with banana and egg.  Good for leveling off the alcohol in your stomach.  Great burgers cooked under old hubcaps.I'd like to tell you something good about this place, so let me tell you it's in the lovely French Quarter.
I'd like to tell you something about the food. We never got any.
I'd like to tell you about the service. Despite sitting at the counter, right next to the cash register, we were told they'd be right with us... then ignored for 20 minutes before we walked out.
Good luck.I have never been to Clover grill in the day but some friends of mine were interested in getting eggs. We went over I ordered the club sandwich while they ordered the egg dishes. The egg dishes were bad as the eggs were filled with grease, really bad grease. My club sandwich was good but with no side item very expensive. This place is only good in the early hours in the morning when nothing else is available other than that the Clover is off my list.nPeople that work here are racist and wouldn't let me and my black friend eat here. Do not support this restaurant.Great location & cheap, below avg service. Highly recommend omelet (sooo fluffy) & waffle ;opMy wife and I ate here on a trip to New Orleans.  We both had cheeseburgers and they were great.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good greasy diner cheeseburger.Loved this place!  Very family friendly. Super fun and friendly staff!  Recommend for families with kids. Food was great and very reasonably priced!!  We will visit again when we are back in NOLA!Came here on a Friday afternoon It wasn't too crowded. I ordered a waffle. It was so delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive. The prices were extremely good if you're on a budget. I would definitely come back again when I visit New Orleans.Great food!
Tater tots, waffles, hash browns were wonderful.
Not healthy, but wonderful.
The staff is a bit pretentious and they kept running 
out of grits, and they were wonderful grits,
no excuseTheir omelette is fluffy, airy and light, the best I have tried, and I am quite picky when it comes to omelettes. 
The burger was good, better than 5 Guys.
However, they do use lots of grease in their cooking so goodbye skinny jeans. 
I came here around 6 in the morning and our food took a while even though there were only three tables being served, not including mine.Possibly the best deal in New Orleans! Burgers are no frills but the wait staff is friendly and the food is fresh. This is a gem as far as I am concerned. You get your money's worth but add ons can jack up the bill. Classic!!!Perfect comfort diner food that really didn't leave me wanting anything else.  It completely satisfied every desire and need I had for that food, and no, I wasn't even tipsy.  Best waffle of my life, best biscuits and gravy, fluffiest omelet that somehow was super tasty with only onion and tomato in it. And of course, perfect buttered toast. 
The service was good, but we also were not there at peak drunk person hour--although there was a guy completely wasted at the bar, and a kind elderly gay couple next to us just smiled at us and told us to ignore him.  
Definitely not a family diner, but somewhere great for before or after a night of enjoyment. 
Also, they had two options for gravy: sausage and plain.  Where can you get plain gravy in the south!?!? I was stunned and way more than pleased.  As a vegetarian, I thought I would never have the chance to try true southern style biscuits and gravy if I were to avoid meat.  Way to be, sirs of Clover Grill.Amazing. One of the best burgers I've ever had! Small little diner but service was great and the food really hit the spot.We had a good time eating here. It's one of the few restaurants in the French Quarter open 24 hours a day. It's on Bourbon Street so it just takes a short walk to get there. We ordered a burger, chicken sandwich, onion rings and fries. It's a small building, dated but has a lot character. The food was delicious, big portions and not rushed. The service was a little slow, and we had to wait in line to get served. But, it's a classic burger place and you'll want more.Good food that's reasonably priced.  The burger was delicious and service was good. Only negatives would be the cleanliness could use some work and the a/c about froze us out.bourbon and dumaine.  you just have to remember that when you're drunk and hungry and all the places you WANTED to eat at are full or closed.
hot dogs, burgers, eggs.  24 hours.  
oh yeah - and tater tots.  don't forget the tater tots.Stopped for breakfast. The omelets are huge. Food is delicious. People are friendly and the prices are reasonable. Humorous menu.One of the most dissatisfied experience I have ever had in a burger place, which is america's most favorite food. I have never been to New Orleans before this weekend, and I was excited, and very happy to be at one of the most visited places in New Orleans, the famously "Bourbon St." My beautiful girlfriend and I had been walking around New Orleans for a couple of hours, she suggest to go to this burger spot which is suppose to be "the world famous." With no hesitation I told her "of course baby let's go." Upon arrival it seemed like a normal place to go, we grab a seat at the bar counter.  I notice that some of the atmosphere is similar to a third world country type of burger place, not very clean and also not well organized on the table arrangement. We grab a sit and immediately after we sit the cook which is right in front of us starts walking back and in a kinda low voice said " I'm tired of looking at people." I give a look to my girlfriend and we are kind of in the wow factor. Okay so I figure he must have a bad day. But unfortunately was I wrong, my girlfriend and I been waiting for a at least 10 minutes and we still yet to have been show any attention and  it was pretty much like we were a fly on the wall.  My girlfriend being proactive attempted to talk to a bar worker that was cleaning the table but in a very rudely he ignored her like she was not there. Then she out loud stated "do we go to the cashier area to order or do they come to us? In a rudely manner the same cook as that I thought was having a bad day interrupted her and stated "we will come to you, this is a restaurant!". Once he made that comment and I saw how  it upset my girlfriend I told her let's go. I have never never never been in a place and been treated like this in my life. Why even try to have a place of public business if you don't care about the customers. It is highly recommended that the workers have some serious attitude restaurant (bar crew/cooks), in order to have a better experience.
In Spanish
Una de las Experiencias Más insatisfechos Que él Teñido en Un lugar de hamburguesas, Qué es el alimento favorito de la Mayoría de américa. Nunca lo habia estado en Nueva Orleans los antes of this fin de semana y yo estaba emocionado y muy feliz de estar ¿es uno de los Lugares Más visitados de Nueva Orleans, El Famoso "Bourbon st". Mi novia y yo par un HEMOS estado caminando Alrededor of this Nueva Orleans Durante de horas, mi hermosa novia sugieren Que ir un this Lugar de hamburguesas Que Se Supone Que Dębe ser "el mundialmente famoso", el pecado dudarlo le digo, por supuesto, EL Bebé vamos. A su llegada se ve Como un Lugar normal de un Temas en absoluto, nos agarramos Una sentada por el contador de la barra me doy Cuenta de Que algunos de la Atmósfera es el tercer tipo de país de Lugar de hamburguesas, no muy limpio y no muy busque Organizado en el Acuerdo de la mesa. Cogemos Una sentada e inmediatamente después nos sentamos a la cocinera Que está justo en frente de Nosotros empieza a caminar Hacia Atrás y con una voz dijo baja poco: "No me gusta tratar con la gente", me Dará Mucho Que mi novia y somos amables factor de sorpresa, Bueno por lo que me imagino Que Dębe Tener mal día un. Pero, por Desgracia estaba Equivocado, mi novia y yo estaba esperando un al menos 7 minutes y aún todavía no Muestra Sido hemos Ninguna época Atención Prácticamente éramos Como mosca en La Pared, mi novia ha Sido Asistir proactivo para Hablar Con un bar trabajador Que estaba limpiando la mesa, Pero de una manera muy grosera él la Ignora Como Si ella no estaba hay. luego Volvió un Restablecer el Diálogo párrafo con el cajero hablar sobre la forma correcta del pedido de realizar un, but groseramente interrumpido pero el cocinero mismo Con un comentario "Esto Es Un restaurante vamos a venir a Usted para Obtener su fin!". Una Vez Que Hizo Que los comentarios Que molesta Que mi novia y yo le dijo Que vamos. Él Nunca Nunca Nunca estado en Lugar de la un y se han Tratado de Como asi en mi vida, ¿Por Qué Siquiera Tratar de Tener un Lugar de Negocios Públicos si no se preocupan por los Clientes, Haga el favor por favor un a todos y simplemente Pasar fit buen un de actitud seria en El Equipo Tener párr mejor Una experiencia local.The burgers are SO GOOD. Good in the way only burgers can get when cooked on a well seasoned grill. Shout out to Will, who had to put up with a bunch of drunk people both times we went there! And for keeping the photos we left there behind the counter until we were able to make it back.
Tip: be patient and be polite. Will remembers who came in and sat down in the right order, and they will get to you and get your order going as soon as they can. Worth the wait! You don't have to go up to the counter to order, just sit down and bathe in the greasy scents around you while you wait.Great grease burgers small spot.......don't be alarmed the food is good... get the burger with the eggTried twice, didn't even eat there.  Worst customer service ever!  The first night the waiter yelled that they were full (2 empty seats at the bar) and we'd have to wait outside.  Tried again the next morning and the woman who was clearing dishes told the couple in front of us they'd have to wait, she didn't seat people or take orders.  I've never seen such rudeness.Take a chance if you want. This review will not make a difference because of there location but if this was in any other city, it would be shut down by a health district. Egg shells, trash and garbage strewn all over the kitchen(if you want to call it that).Small place but has a cozy, diner feel. Had a burger that tasted really good. Server forgot my fries, and when they arrived, I was surprised how small the order was for $3. The fries at bottom of bowl were really greasy. Friend ordered grilled cheese and it was pretty bad. Greasy cheddar cheese. 
I will try it again for breakfast. I agree with others that it is a better late night place (as it is open 24 hours) after drinking.This is a tiny place with overworked servers. They are on the verge of being rude - like Flo at Mel's Diner with the "Kiss My Grits". The food was okay, but really really greasy and they nickel and dime you for every item. We had a 3 egg omelet with hash browns and toast for $5.99. We added tomatoes and that was 79 cents extra, onions were 79 cents extra, cheese was $1 extra. I can see charging for cheese but onions? Really? That just seems petty. I'd rather they just tell you you're paying $9 for an omelet and let it go. 
We went there again a couple days later for a late night burger.  One bite of that burger made me forget all about the breakfast experience.  Hands down the best burger I have EVER had.  So freakin good.  It was about $10 for a custom dressed up burger and so worth it.
It's a big tourist spot so be prepared to wait.I wanted to like this place when we stepped in and it was a small little diner. The food we ordered was good and everything the guy grilling was making looked good however... the service . We walked in with no acknowledgement at all. We sat at the little bar stool area right next to the waiter and still nothing. We weren't even given menus... so we had to ask the lady next to us to see hers. Eventually the waiter asked for our drinks which all we got was water & it sat on the counter while he complained to the guy cooking about another table. After he just dropped our waters, he didn't even ask if we were ready to order. He went to the back, came back with silverware & started putting that away. We had to tell him that we were ready to order which when we did, he told us to give him a second. Finally, we got our food and when we did, we just asked for to go boxes because we were just over the whole situation. 
Hopefully, if you decide to go you'll get better service.The food? Just ok. I mean, c'mon, it is diner fare. It serves it's purpose, filling you up, absorbing some alcohol, and is unremarkable. But the clientele and the employees, now that is entirely different. You never know what you are going to see when you go here. Anything from goths, to drag queens, to tattooed freaks, and everything in between. It is never boring inside, and that is what keeps bringing me back.Great burger and onion rings ! The meat patty was really thick and tender. The service great!Late night burgers with entertainment.  The food is really quite good, as you get served up in any greasy spoon.  I really like that you can grab a late night burger and fries after a day of debauchery.  There is limited seating inside, so if you are staying in the Quarter, grab your meal and head back to the hotel, or head over to Jackson square just a few blocks away.Out of the maybe 15/16 restaurants we ate at during our week in NOLA, this had to have been my least favorite. Customer service was subpar, maybe because it was midday on St. Patty's, but I was pretty disappointed. To begin with, the cook didn't even wear gloves, and used the same utensils/ cooking areas for all different kinds of foods, which as someone who works in the food industry, is a complete turnoff and health code violation. The food wasn't even good. Burger was big but bland. I think the other reason why people eat here is because it's on Bourbon. Definitely would not recommend!!!I have been there drunk...Amazing....
I have been there sober...not so much.
Got the chicken friend steak and it was tasteless. Service was great, guys were really nice. Grease is caked on everything, but its nice and cold on the inside. 
Will only return when slightly inebriatedThe greasy spoon to end all greasy spoons! This place is the BEST. 24-hour breakfast service and some of the best burgers in town. Finding the washroom was quite an adventure, too. Stopping here will be an enjoyable and memorable part of your trip, as it's popular among both visitors AND the locals.I am not big on red meat but this is a GREAT place for a burger...affordable, quick, nice laid back service.  A must try if you're debating!Great atmosphere! Mediocre food. I loved the service (a bitchy queen in a greasy apron who referred to the regulars as "Bitch!") but thought my 1/2 lb burger (cooked under a hubcab! [Why? Who cares?!]) was a little runny. In fact, I wished there were more burger options for smaller appetites. But the jukebox selection (Abba! Britney!) helped distract from the overpriced (for the execution, not the portion) and limited burger options. That said, I would eat here again for breakfast... or I'd even give another late night burger a try. (Oh, and don't forget to grab a complimentary condom on your way out. Safety first!)what a burger!   nothing special about this place except it cures the burger craving.  friendly staff and great burgers at a reasonable price.A good late night, food stop. Fresh off the grill, diner food. Open menu all the time. Love the "knowby name" regualer atmosphere.Clover Grill has been one of my favorite late night haunts since I was in college and drinking on Bourbon.  The food is consistently greasy diner and yummy and the service is friendly despite the warnings otherwise on the menu.  I've never been disappointed with the food there.  It's cheap yummy goodness and always open, you can't beat that!So, yes. My girlfriends and I were led here by a local when searching for late night eats.  We sat at the counter, and as the other reviews have said - the staff provided less than typical good service.  
If you have a strong stomach for shaggy haired, hungover looking cooks who don't wash their hands and wear dirty aprons - then you'll be ok. The place is...well, a DIRTY, greasy spoon.
I had a burger and fries which was pretty low-brow. Frozen patty thrown on a hot gril. My girlfriends had grilled cheese and tator tots.  Their sandwiches were a bit scary - and soggy because after placing the sandwich under the grill lid, they squirt water all around (assumingly to melt the cheese) but the steam makes the bread a bit moist.
We had to laugh at the snotty waiter-service and the state of the place. It made for a good story later, thats for sure.Came here for a quick bite. We ate at the counter overlooking the cooking area. Our server was attentive. They have a small menu with not a lot of options so I opted for the club. It was really good- I like when they cut a club into 4 quarters. Sides are a la cart. My husband had the burger, which they claim is the "best burger". He wasn't impressed and felt as though the meat wasn't very good.It is disappointing to see this NOLA institution continually to decline. What use to be the best 3 am burger a guy could want is now barely edible even if you are sauced. What hasnt changed is the lively variety of customers. Also the non existent service has remained constant.Best late night goth, greaser punk greasy spoonOMG!! Such a cute little burger house!!! Open, and running 24/7!!!! A good menu, with food cooked right in front of you. You can sit at a table, or the "bar". It's like an old burger "joint". It gets really busy, so you might have to wait for a seat. Worth it!! When on Bourbon St.....and you need a break from shopping, and bar hopping,,,,,try this place!!! Prices are great!! Enjoy!!Breakfast was ok, much like Waffle House. However the place was really dirty on a Sunday morning.  it's a place to get a decent breakfast at a budget-friendly price, but don't over-expect.Been to this place three times with no issues, but the third time was Wack. I wasn't feelin the dude with dreds and glasses who wanted us to sit at any of the four dirty tables with the pile of dirty plates. I pointed out a table and preferred to have the table cleaned prior to sitting at the table. Dude appeared to be persistent on having my party of three sit at the dirty table and did not attempt to clean any of dirty tables. Dude was too rude as he told other customers "I guess they gon stand there." Instead of telling this fool something he already knows about himself "as" we took our business to Cafe Fleur De Lis.There are few places to visit on bourbon street that are actually worth while. I was skeptical to go here just because yelp reviews were low. After a couple drinks we thought let's go try this place.  The service was phenomenal...thank you Joe. Thank you for the recommendations and the hospitality. The food was awesome! It's no New Orleans type food but when you are looking for a diner this place is where it's at. Cheap  (for bourbon street) good, quick food that makes you happy when you leave. Locals seem to enjoy this more than the typical tourists.You have to love the Clover Grill. It's the law. After way too many drinks, or if you're nursing a hangover the next day, this is where you want to be. Wait patiently for your burger, cooked under the hubcap, get in some prime people-watching, then dive into something that will cure what ails ya!Stopped in for breakfast and from the second we walked in we loved this place.  Warm welcome and super cute diner, open 24/7.   Food was amazing even sent us across the street for bloody Mary's!  Don't miss out on this gem.Like many other places in New Orleans, service is the absolute last priority. Guy there is unbelievable an asshole and takes pleasure in being a dick. Wasn't even allowed to order. Food looks horrible, avoid this place if possible.the place is a dump. the staff is rude.
we got accused of leaving without paying when we stepped inside for the first time. Some douchebag that was a waiter said hey you guys left last night without paying I said that's pretty good seeing as how we didn't even arrive in New Orleans until this morning .I was about to call a lawyer seriously on this guy but told him hes lucky i dont or hed be in deep s. flag this place . i hope it gets torn downSmall diner, might be a short wait BUT food and service are great. Had breakfast. Waiter was really nice and busted his butt!I am the kind of person who uncontrollably laughs during situations that are so beyond awful that you literally question yourself, "Is this really happening?". To say the least, I could of died from laughter at Clover Grill. This place was a huge joke. I am shocked at how many good reviews this place receives. Perhaps, the people who leave these good reviews are not sitting at the bar and watching exactly HOW their food is being prepared. There are a countless amount of health violations going on in this place. First of all, NONE of the staff were wearing gloves while preparing the food..the entire time!! The cook that was leaving during a shift change was assigned to tally an inventory before he left for the day. He placed the disgustingly old and tarnished scale directly in front of us and weighed all of the ingredients directly on the scale, without any type of barrier separating the food from the scale. Seriously? Sick! Our food took a ridiculous amount of time because of how backed up they were at the grill. The staff was absolutely hilarious. We heard the cook say, "I can not wait to get the **** out of this place", while he roughly and carelessly threw our frozen patties on the grill, resulting with them flipping up onto the nasty, greasy spotted wall. There were several inappropriate conversations happening right in front of us and curse words being thrown around as if they were in their own home. All of their food was frozen and stripped from plastic baggies. The chili (that is apparently their specialty) tastes exactly like canned chili. The burger that I waited nearly 30-40 minutes for was absolutely doused and dripping with grease. It was sloppily slapped together and was extremely messy to eat. At first, the burger tasted good, but after eating half of it I began to feel sick due to the amount of grease. The tator tots were tasty and crispy, but you could tell they had been cooked in old oil. Also, it is a guarantee that you will smell like greasy, bowling alley food for the remainder of the day. Ultimately, I ended up giving the rest of my burger to a homeless man on Bourbon, and I hope he enjoyed it more than I did.I came here to get fortified on a hot day after a night of drinking (and in preparation of more drinking), and I'm so glad we did, because the rest of the day (in the heat, in the pool, in the sun, into the late night filled with rum) we were fine. My bff had an omelette, I had the grits and the pie. The pie! I had lemon ice box and it was amazing. Next time I'll get the pecan (which had been the plan, since I was missing Camelia's so badly). Our waitress was friendly and the service was fast. I'm excited to come back next year.The service is slow. The cleanliness is questionable. The food is not very good at all. 
We received water and coffee immediately. They took our order shortly afterwards so we assumed that we were halfway through. Then a man walks in with a group of friends and goes behind the counter without washing his hands and starts cooking. There was a dirty towel on the counter used for whipping it down that kept touching food. So gross. Never once did they throw the towel back in sanitizer water. He made sure his friends received there food before anyone else. 
The hamburger, a frozen flavorless patty cannot be brought back to life with a hubcap. It was the worlds worst hamburger. The french fries suck. Don't waste your time or money.This is the perfect spot to stop on your way home after partying on Bourbon St! We enjoyed the chili cheese tater tots and a delicious cheeseburger. The staff is friendly and service is quick. We did smell like a deep fryer when we left, but I guess that's to be expected... We noticed a lot of people ordered the biscuits and gravy. Wish we would've tried that...Let me begin by putting this review into perspective: The Clover Grill is typically not the spot you'd begin your night in by any means- this is a tiny little corner diner you pop into at the end of a long night trolling the Quarter or listening to some great music on Frenchmen. Have I stopped in for a quick breakfast when I was stone cold sober? Sure. I typically keep it simple- eggs, toast and a cup of coffee. It may not be the prettiest place and it's often crazy crowded, with somewhat slower service but it does the job and the people are usually the greatest perk.
*Wish I could give a half star...3.5Good hamburgers cooked under a hubcap and I love the tater tots BUT hate their idea of service (or more accurately, lack of service); it bugs the hell out of me so that giving Clover Grill two stars is being very generous. I've worked in a restaurant growing up - washing dishes, waiting on diners, and working the cash register so making a decent burger is not enough to offset lousy wait staff. 
The problem is that Clover servers in the last few years have ranged from surly to barely-there. It can't be a coincidence that when I visit NOLA once a year, I get bad service no matter what time I go there and it's happened several years in a row so I won't be back because I don't go to New Orleans for drinking and it seems being inebriated is the only way anyone could put up with the crappy service. There seems to be too much drama in the lives of the employees but they should not be bringing their problems into the workplace and taking it out on customers to the point where it feels like they've given up on the notion of customer service.Stupid people serving stupid food...have some class, go anywhere else. This place is filthy, and the employees (when i was there) we rude, obnoxious and at the height of their careers. The food can be okay, but look how dirty the place is...very third world dining.I came in with my friend. I tried some of this delicious breakfast food and even though I wasn't a person ordering here the waiter gave me a napkin after. This showed quality service and attention to customer detail which is the ultimate key to any successful business. I highly recommend this place!!Found Clover Grill when I asked the Breakfast server at my Hotel who had the best Grits. She said " Clover Grill" and I was so happy I asked. We had the regular Bacon & Eggs breakfast the first day and the Eggs were perfect, the Bacon crisp and the grits outstanding! The next day I had Grits and country gravy. HEAVEN. The wait staff was friendly and efficient even teased us a bit. Felt right at home. Wish I had found it sooner and will be back.Cool little corner spot at the end if bourbon street out of the mess.  Diner style with a few tables and a counter seating area.  Two guys working this morning were the most opposite guys possible. Waiter was nice, happy, polite, funny just seeming to be cool with what he was doing. The cook on the other hand was a dick. I mean just grumpy and mad.  Maybe it'd been a long night, his dog died, woman rolled, who knows but whatever he was salty for sure. Hadn't even set my bag down for more than 3 secs and he ordered me to move it to not block a locked door that my seat with me in it was blocking. Whatever don't block the door, that's fine but don't be a douchebag about it early in the morning.  A bit later my buddy asked for some Tabasco other than the hot sauce on the counter. Reasonable question, we are in new Orleans the home of Tabasco.  Cook answered "all we got is whats in your hands" might as well have said no dumbshit stop bothering me.  
Whatever the food was pretty good. Greasy spoon style.  Runny eggs, thick gravy on chicken fried steak and hot hash browns. Nice breakfast.  It ain't winning awards but its not that type place. I got what I expected. Might have been better at 3am. It is open 24/7.Will NEVER go back again! I have been here several times in the past and had a pleasant time. It is what it is, a small diner with some local charm. The food is nothing special. On my last visit, 3/14/2014, I vowed to never return to this place again. After waiting for at least 10 minutes for service, my friend who had never been here before, made the "mistake" of asking a worker behind the grill for service. He shot back in a nasty tone, "he wasn't our server, this isn't fast food"! My friend apologized; the "grill person" didn't. We waited another 10 minutes and still no one took our order. Mind you, it wasn't particularly busy at this point. We decided to get up and leave rather than give this establishment money. The service absolutely sucked. Definitely not worth the wait or the money. Go elsewhere, you'll be glad you passed this "treasure" up.