Charming and cute coffee shop. Pretty space. The pastries looked delicious. I REALLY wanted to love this place. The owner is a super nice man and I want his business to succeed. I ordered an iced vanilla latte. It was $7 and some change. I was pretty shocked. Unfortunately it was undrinkable. Way too much vanilla syrup. The shot was poured over the ice making the drink watery and the espresso diluted. There are way too many coffee shops in NOLA  that make a better, more moderately priced iced vanilla latte.I heard about this new coffee shop while I was on jury duty last month. And then I read that they were serving Tandem teas (local distributor) so I guessed that they actually have a commitment to teas as well as fancy coffee drinks. 
Well yum. They do a proper tea service with a cup and saucer and a steeping vessel and a strainer. Very very British. They only had 4 tea selections with a green, black, herbal and ? when I stopped by yesterday. I had the jasmine dragon pearls and a yummy croissant!
Love the style of this place with the retro uniforms and the precision in making you a cuppa. The backroom is gorgeous. What a lovely renovation. And the backyard is just waiting for more furniture; there are currently stools on the deck. I noticed people coming in from the backdoor as the rode their bikes to the back. 
As Alvin said the music is a great mix (New Order) and just loud enough to cover up conversations but not too loud. Great addition to the area!Great local owner and friendly staff. They're open to new ideas and are in a location where coffee options are much needed. Limited parking in the back, newly renovated.Great coffee. Great people. Great space to get work done. Wish they had more food options. The parking lot in the back is so nice too. Don't have to struggle to find parking.Pros: super clean, modern cafe
          Great coffee( including cold brew) 
           Good music
           Chill vibe
            Good for internet surfing/ working
            Nice snack offerings
Cons: parking
Worth the few minutes extra to park.Owner is really nice.I got their original drink. It wasn't too sweet and was able to wake me up. It is a pretty relaxed place like to chill or to even study. I like the outdoor patio. The whole feel is vintage and relaxed. I would come here again if I am ever in the areaCoffee Science is my favourite new go-to place for coffee and small plates that is reasonably close to home. Practically on my doorstoop. The coffee is delicious and it is staffed by just a couple of people. This is NOT a chain and the atmosphere is a great place to work or just hang out and drink some coffee. It is more spacious on the inside than it appears from the street. Com'mon y'all you'll be delighted just to stop in a quiet and awesome coffee shop. It's out of the touristy areas and where homeless typically congregate and it's not open exceptionally late so it won't typically be busy on a weekday. The weekends when people are out may be busier but here on a Friday mid-day afternoon it wasn't that busy. Wi-Fi is free but you need a password to join. At the time of your purchase they will give you the password to join the network.Coffee science takes coffee to that next level. Tom and his crew use the scientific approach to a good cup of coffee. Its chemistry and they know it!I had what may very well be the best iced latte of my life here. I don't really have anything to say other than that since I don't really know anything about coffee except that 1.) I like it 2.) It keeps this old body going despite all the abuse it suffers and 3.) I like it (again).
Go here, drink the coffee, be happy.I think this place had a lot of potential but our experience here was a little odd. My partner and I walked in and ordered mochas and the guy behind the counter seemed just pissed off. He was slamming things around and he made our drinks so carelessly with no thought given to presentation at all, which is odd. Chocolate and coffee were all over the rim, outside of the cup, and saucer it sat on. I feel really stupid complaining about that because, honestly, it was one of the most mochas I've ever had as far as taste, but the guy's demeanor kinda ruined it for us.Dropped in for the 1st time. Had one of the best Americanos ever! Happy to have a serious coffee shop in Mid City!Hands down the best coffee house in New Orleans. It's not a roastery (the top two are Congregation & Mojo BTW). What Tom does is get the best coffee in the city, and finds the best way to brew each individual varietal. Everything that goes into each cup has a process behind it--to the extra filtered water (reverse osmosis & mineral infused to be exact), to uniquely grinding & brewing beans differently. Even bringing different preparations to different beans from the same roastery.
Tom really knows his craft--he's spent decades getting ready to have a space on his own to show his expertise.
Location is good. The shop is exceptionally clean. And parking is tight, but there's always street parking around the corner.
If you want to see New Orleans coffee culture, this place has to be on your list.Awesome awesome coffee. I am a total coffee snob from CA and I swear I need to fly back weekly for more. God. The iced venetian :  let me just say daaamn. Get some dat! 
This place is new, super nice service and decor with shady backyard. Live music coming soon. You love coffee? Hit this place up. Mos DefSuper friendly service, parking available, and wonderful quality coffee/tea. There are tables in the front, bigger ones in the back, and outdoor seating as well. This is a great place to study or just hang out with friends. I've spotted quite a few adorable pups in my several times there too, which can really cheer you up while doing work!
I typically get their hot Jasmine tea, which is brewed fresh and very strong... so don't forget to pour out your tea after a set amount of time. You can also bring your pot up to get more hot water when you finish. I get 2-3 cups out of it each time. They have samples of baked goods sometimes at the register, so you can't help but pick up a slice of banana bread as well!Well the Venetian Cream simultaneously ruined my diet and changed my life. I was just going to get black coffee but the owner offered me a taste of his magic elixir with an additional great story about how it came to be. Just order it. Anyways - the location is cool and fresh inside and out. Very clean. Cute backyard area which I hope will be a garden or additional seating. So glad to see a successful local shop opening up in this area. There is parking in the back!Best espresso I've had in NOLA so far. And the owner is a great guy. Can't recommend this place enough!Great coffee. Great service. Great atmosphere. The owner and his son are super friendly and I love that coffee is their passion! I definitely recommend this place.Really friendly place with delicious tea, coffee, and an assortment of nibbles in a fresh, hip space. 
My Earl Grey tea was flavorful with fresh leaves steeped for just the right amount of time. 
My husband had the Venetian Creme - a coffee concoction mixed with coconut milk and cream - which he found to be a perfect mix of coffee, cream, and a hint of sweetness. 
The scone and sesame bagels were yummy. 
Looking forward to coming back on our next visit!Everything was great until they turned the music up to deafening decibels. If they were trying to clear the room, it worked. I think they want you to continue to buy if you're gonna use the facilities. Not a problem, but the passive-aggressive, musical bum-rush was a bit rude. We spent like $15 and worked on laptops for under an hour before the music... So if you're a digital worker and a bit of quiet, I would consider another cafe.My friend suggested stopping here for coffee on Sunday afternoon. Parking is a little tight in front. If you drive around the back, they have a small lot and you can go in through the back door.
The owner was working at the counter. He was very friendly and informative.  He gave us a sample of their Venetian Cream drink that is his specialty. It was very good. I love when places let you sample the drinks first.
They have plenty of tables indoors, as well as a small back patio. Beyond the patio, there is even a backyard with chaise lounges and a hammock between the shade trees!
Great place! I'm sure I will visit again.I ordered a latte and wow it was good. The froth was good and the coffee taste wasn't over powered by milk. Perfect balance b/w coffee and milk.coffee science is the perfect place to go to for a light lunch! their coffee choices are amazing and the service staff are so friendly and polite. especially tristen...she's so cute and coolThe very nice man behind the counter talked me into a Bavarian cream, and I'm so glad he did. He was so nice, when I wasn't sure about it, he let me test it. It was absolutely delicious. Both employees chatted while I waited, which was just delightful. I was luckily dropped off, but I can see the concern for parking.I was in New Orleans on a work-trip and spent nearly every day here! The coffee is excellent, the atmosphere is condusive to studying and casual conversation. The backyard area is great if you're looking for some fresh air.  The owner and employees are incredibly knowledgeable and entertained my barrage of coffee related questions with enthusiasm that simply cannot be faked.Cool spot with friendly staff and great sunlight + vibes. Very spacious and open. Coffee is good too.as a self-proclaimed coffee snob, Science exceeded my expectation. two mornings i had a latte and the depth, variety and character of flavors left me wanting more. in fact, Tom sold me espresso beans right out of the hopper. the pastries were quite good as well, especially the pain au chocolate. will be my go to coffee place in NOLA. well done, Tom and friends!This is the best coffee in New Orleans! Cold brew and honey badger are our favorites. A must go!Honestly, I don't even like coffee, but the Bavarian cream is so delicious and so smooth. The baristas are always super-friendly and will give you a sample of something if you're not sure what you want to get. Plus, I appreciate that they're civically engaged-- the folks here have offered a free coffee to anyone who registers to vote at a voter registration drive hosted at their cafe, which I think is really awesome of them. Great place, really spacious, and such a welcoming staff!This quaint little coffee spot housed in Mid City and within a traditional shot gun house space, decked with hard wood floors does not disappoint! I love the owner who is always helpful and nice and I love the coffee even more. I can honestly say that a cup from this place will definitely satisfy that caffeine fix. Throw in a pastry and you've got a perfect start to your morning!Very good espresso drink and nice place. It opens up in the back. Tried something not on the menue the honey badger and it was very good a little sweet but great and nice presentation. The barista is a little flustered and shy but nice dude. Definitely needs a menu of the specialty espresso drinks. Possibly come back just to try the cubanola which looks good.The coffee is fresh, piping hot and delicious with no bitterness.  Prices are very reasonable.  Will definitely go back!They make an excellent flat white. It's a charming place, well decorated. The parking is a slight hassle, but that has more to do with the area than the coffeehouse.Most unique coffeeshop I've ever been to. Great service and explanations of some of the more exotic coffee creations on the right side of their varioutous menu. The frosted Mocha is one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth (tops of the straw-born kind), and I was impressed with the quality of the more ordinary items as well. The latte with oat milk was very good and topped with quality latte art. I could certainly see myself spending a lot of time and money here if I lived in New Orleans when the coffee, service, and atmosphere are factored in. Definitely recommend checking out the unassuming back sitting area and patio. Returning here is a new future goal. New favorite joint in NOLA.So, I just moved to this neck of the woods. I am trying to be more of an adamant coffee drinker. I also hate making coffee on my own because it tastes like something that rats get stuck on that inevitably turns into Rat-king (Google that for your disgust pleasure) 
Anyway, so I came into the coffee shop and it's very very clean. I'm not accustomed to clean cause I've lived in areas of New Orleans that have dirt coming in and out (No diss, I personally don't care either way as long as I don't get MRSA we are good) 
Anyway, I was greeted by the owner and the son. They were sweet. And the son is knowing a lot about coffee and I always find that endearing. I got the the Venetian iced coffee. It was good for a DBT skill exercise (google that too, if you must) I basically just sat there and sinked into it. The owner was really proud of it and confident that I would like it. And duh, I did. So, I sat around for a while; being the sack of shit that I am. (Idk if I'm hungover or tired anymore. Welcome to this world) So... I just decided to browse around. This place is pretty perfect for getting school, work, project - work done. It is super spacious and the lighting is warm lighting. So, it doesn't feel like you're a rat under inspection (This is the second time I've mentioned rats?) It even has a cute bench outside if you're into being outside (whatever sun light is, I can't believe I'm awake right now) 
So, I sat around some more. Then decided, "Maybe this isn't hitting me yet." SOO this bitch got herself a fucking shot of espresso. I didn't even sip it; I fucking shot it. The aesthetic of it was so cute. It was presented like cafeteria style with cup of water. That was when I realized that the aesthetic of the place is sort of like 1950's-we-live-a-bunker-the-cold-war-is-gonna-destroy-us-believe-that-the-radiation-is-gonna-ruin-us!
So, then on my bike ride home I'm all, "Everything is fine." 
I then come upstairs to my house and sure enough I'm like, "WOWOWOWOW OK OK OK OK! I'M OK! WOW! I SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT! BUT OKAY I LOVE THIS! WAS THERE COCAINE IN THE COFFEE? SHOULD I TAKE A SHOT OF WHISKEY? WOWOW DRINK WATER!" 
So, that's where I'm at right now. I also feel like I could accomplish a lot. 
Alright I'm gonna go figure out how to deal with existential dread 
XOXOSO CLOSE to being a really great coffee shop! It's a bright, open, spacious and productive space with okay snacks - but, to be honest, I've come here to voice one (kinda big) complaint -- the WHOLE room shakes when anyone walks across the doorway into the seating area and it's very jarring/distracting/stressful and has caused me to pack up a work session much earlier than intended more than once. Not sure how one goes about fixing such a thing - but it would make this place perfection if the whole room didn't shake like an elephant stampede when an adult of an size walks across the threshold.... :) Honestly today is the first time that the earthquake vibe is going down in my memory bank as a factor associated with CS. I had an important focus-requiring task thing to do and I wish I had remembered it and gone to Church Alley or something instead...The staff at Coffee Science was very friendly, personable, and seemed like they were having fun. The coffee was seriously amazing. When they say science, they don't just mean they boil the water at the right temperature and use measuring cups. There's some serious sh*t happening here. Imagine chemists with beakers and crazy fog and stuff. I mean, I didn't see that, but maybe they were in the back. This coffee was engineered.Delicious tea. Love the layout and feel of the space. Jeremy was great and very festive for Christmas Eve.We loved our drinks today- iced Bavarian cream & latte with coconut milk. The place was nice and the man who helped us was super polite. We will definitely make an effort to come back when in the area.What could be more cheerful on a Friday morning than a Savory iced coffee. The Venetian cream was my selection and I recommend it.The ambience was perfect for studying or just chatting with friends.Came here on a Friday afternoon to check out this rather new coffee shop. The place was well lit and looked pretty modern. I ordered a regular Hot Mocha and was admiring the place. The owner sprung into action and made my Mocha firsthand. He was super nice and has been in the coffee business for over 30 years! He really knew what he was talking about and happily answered a few of my coffee questions.
After taking my Mocha to a table and taking multiple pictures, I eventually took a sip of it. It was delicious and tasted stronger than most of the mochas I get from other places! I knew this was gonna wake me up to continue on with my productive day. When I finished my coffee, I walked to the hallway to find the restroom and found a much bigger room with a bunch of tables. I had no idea that the place was much bigger with a back porch! There is also free wifi for those who wants to study at this nice coffee shop. 
Before I left, I noticed a drawing of a pool and I asked the owner if the shop had a pool! He said he makes a small pool for locals to cool down in this New Orleans summer heat on the weekends! How nice does that sound?! On the same paper with the drawing, there are a few options of Breakfast Tacos. The owner said to come before 10AM because they usually sell out! He also mentioned that there's a parking lot on the side on Banks St. I checked it out and it looks like one of the house's driveway, so don't miss the entrance for it!
Overall, it is a nice new coffee shop to check out! I will be back for more coffee and maybe the breakfast tacos one day!I always need an extra boost to start my morning and their iced coffee is great. The vegetarian breakfast tacos are good-but go early as they pre-make them and stick them under a hot lamp. 
Deducting a star-the barista I've always been served by has the absolute worst attitude. I haven't been back in weeks because there is friendlier service elsewhere.Love the space, which is spacious, quiet, and a great thing to get things done. Also loved that they are supporting small coffee roasters in the city instead of sourcing out from a bigger chain. The quality you get from knowing where every bean coffee bean comes from and how it is prepared is really great. The only thing I would say is that I wish they had more out door seating. All in all a great place to study and catch up wtih friends.Fantastic coffee. I'm gonna suggest something I never thought I would suggest when it comes to coffee.... try the drip. It's shocking how complex and balances it is. The science side of this place's name shines in their drip coffee. It is on par with the best pour overs out there. Yes. That's correct. I just said that the drip coffee at Coffee Science is equal and, in some cases, better than the beat pour overs out there in this world of third wave little brown bean madness. The best drip coffee I've ever tasted.
AND they feature a WIDE selection of the best offerings from local roasters, from Mojo, Congregation, and many more.One of my favorite coffee shops in the city. The parking can be a little crazy sometimes, but the coffee is worth it. Coffee Science is a great place to meet up with folks or to do some work.First, it has off street parking which in this neck of the woods is a great plus. Second, the staff if friendly and engaged. Third, our coffee and tea were excellent. Fourth, the setting inside and out is a relaxing and enjoyable space. 
The croissant was light and tasty, although we never found any butter for it. However, the breakfast taco while large, lacked flavor, even with the salsa.
All in all it's a great place to start your morning.By. Far. The. Best. Coffee. I've. Had. In. Nola. Seriously guys coffee science blew it out of the park with their Venetian Creme coffee! If you like coconut milk and sweet drinks - you'll really enjoy this. My roommate ordered the Bavarian Creme coffee which included ghiradelli chocolate - she loved it. Only thing I'll say is for the price the coffee is pretty small. Regardless, I will definitely be coming back :)What a great little neighborhood coffee spot! I found this on Yelp while searching for a place to meet a coworker. The parking is atrocious. There are signs posted for a lot in the back. But the lot is blocked by a huge dumpster. But if you are local and can walk or bike, it's perfect. Friendly staff. Fast service. Good music. Great coffee. I had a very yummy coconut latte. I am not sure about the WiFi as it's locked and I don't see a password posted anywhere. I will be sure to ask next time.Tom, the owner, knows his stuff! One thing I truly respect about him is that he doesn't mind sharing his secrets and educating anyone and everyone who wants to learn, including his knowledgeable staff. 
His coffee is top notch in how it's prepared, it's literally a science, hence the name of his shop. The way in which they brew your coffee of choice will ensure to pull out the flavor profiles of each bean. Try out whatever they recommend for you!
His coffee is absolutely the best in NOLA and it's worth the short travel outside of the party scene. 
I left there after trying a pour over, shot of espresso, and his made-in-house lemonade. All were delicious! I also had to grab all the merchandise he had available. 
If you're a coffee enthusiast, it's a no brainer! It will be the best you'll get in NOLA.Absolutely love this place. The matcha latte was very light and came in such a large cup, I had to take it to-go. The chicken salad sandwich was delicious as well as the ingredients tasted super fresh. I also had the cold tomato soup, which definitely had a spicy punch to it. 
I like how there's also a seating area in the back porch and I also like how the tables inside are more towards the back as well. I feel that it makes a complete difference as the sounds from the coffee machines and such aren't as loud as other cafes. 
The only downside about the place is the parking. It's usually quite cramp and can be hard to find street parking.the dude who owns/runs this place is as much of a gem as everyone says. his spirit is more generous than every other coffee shop employee in town combined. and the coffee/snacks are great.One of my favorite coffee spots in the city. The coffee is excellent, and there's plenty of seating to work or meet up with someone. The only drawback is the difficulty of parking, but the coffee is worth it.Fantastic coffee. I'm gonna suggest something I never thought I would suggest when it comes to coffee.... try the drip. It's shocking how complex and balances it is. The science side of this place's name shines in their drip coffee. It is on par with the best pour overs out there. Yes. That's correct. I just said that the drip coffee at Coffee Science is equal and, in some cases, better than the beat pour overs out there in this world of third wave little brown bean madness. The best drip coffee I've ever tasted.
AND they feature a WIDE selection of the best offerings from local roasters, from Mojo, Congregation, and many moreThe Bavarian and Venetian creme are good drinks if you have a sweet tooth. For an extra treat they have a mocha frosted that's basically a coffee milkshake. I get there latte every morning and it's always pretty good. Service is super friendly!Y'all, this place is COOL. Great coffee and a nice big space in the back to do work (including a back porch). They are super friendly and knowledgeable about coffee. I had an absolutely delicious Ethiopian coffee that was pourover-good, despite not being pourover-priced. I will absolutely be back.If you're looking for the best coffee in New Orleans this is the place.  Great peeps running the place.  Good ambience and fabulous food too.It's a shame that we only just got around to visiting Coffee Science because we live close by and we've been missing out on delicious coffee for a while, now. 
Every Friday my husband brings me a Bavarian Cream. I can't tell you what's in it but I know it involves coconut but it doesn't taste like it and it's heavenly. It's silky and and sweet and goes down easy. My husband doesn't really like coffee that deviates from the norm but he really liked it, also. Just try it!I love this place! My coworkers love it too. It's a nice little refuge near Tulane and Broad with a spacious back area with tons of outlets and a backyard complete with a hammock and sometimes a pool. They have delicious speciality drinks (Bavarian cream and frosties etc) and good food items. My favorite is the ham and cheese croissant and their bagels are also excellent quality. They're generous with the cream cheese. The staff and owner are really nice and they remember everyone. 
My only comment is that the music is a little loud for a work space. Seeing as most people come to work on their laptops, it might be good to have the music a little lower. I tutor online and I'd love to come here every week to do that, but it was a little distracting for my student to have the music so high. I love the music choices though!!Best coffee house in town. Coffee is science at coffee science. Every drink is well thought out and crafted to perfection. Staff are wonderful and helpful as well.I absolutely love this spot. I never liked the taste of coffee until I had it from coffee science! 
They've added some new food items that are freaking delicious. Try the Cubanola and the fumi salad. You won't be disappointed.Some of the top coffee in New Orleans. The space is nice and airy. The owner (and main barista) is a gem. The coffee is outstanding and surprisingly well priced compared to other shops in town.
NB: Parking on Broad Street is hard. There's parking lot for customers to use accessible from Banks Street.Now this is a cappuccino and the avocado toast is absolutely delicious! They have the science down babay! Lol! Starbucks who???I feel like I've been had - I walked up to get a few bagels to go - ordered 4 - i asked how much but he didn't answer me - I was presented with a bag of 4 frozen bagels and the cost was $12.19 
WTF ??? I was in shock - but confused - I paid cash left the change making it $13.00 for 4 frozen bagels - got in car still stunned - my husband wasn't too pleased either - what could I do - drive off feeling scammed - they better be good ! I pay $1.00 usually - Covid has me feeling sorry for small biz- I'm not doing so well myself - should have refused them - I didn't want to make a scene with people behind me - 
Lesson learned ? 
Yes always ask price first and WAIT for the answer !3.75/5 parking aside, solid spot
listening to some fun music right now - they are calibrating the volume level, and it's lively. i'm sure you've seen the buzz around this opening, and with the couple lattes i've gotten so far i'm a fan. 
simple and straightforward set of offerings, and a little cheaper than other spots (!!). there's a pastry case right at the counter, and i'm always down for a banana and chocolate chip muffin.
parking is the tough part, so i'm sure the folks who work around tulane/broad are glad to have a coffee option nearby, but if you're coming in to do some work, parking along banks is likely your best bet. the wi-fi is okay so far, and lots of plugs (even ones that just have the USB ports) along the walls. 
from a work perspective, also pleased to have another option along the stretch of banks to be able to meet or have a spot to do work in between meetings.Coffee Science is a super great local spot! It's open until 11pm every day which is nice when you need some caffeine later in the day but want something smaller than Starbucks with cool brews.
They've got so many different types of coffee, you can choose which beans you want and the style- pour over, french press, aeropress, you name it, they've got it! It's nice to be able to try a coffee bean with the way you would make it at home before you buy a bag of it, which is one of my favorite parts of Coffee Science. Plus, all the employees are super personable and knowledgeable about coffee and all their products and are more than happy to answer your questions, but not in a snobby way at all. 
It's a great place to stop by and do work- plenty of outlets, grab a drink to go, or stay for a bit outside on the covered porch or in the back yard at one of the picnic tables. Only qualm is that parking isn't always super easy to come by.
As far as actual coffee goes, love their espresso (I do wish it was served with sparkling water instead of still), they've got a ton of fun beans to try that rotate, and they're always happy to suggest a cup if you're not sure of what you're feeling.Coffee Science is a dope little coffee shop down Broad. They have fresh roasted coffee, delicious lattes, and a scientific twist on drinks that will blow your mind. They really did perfect the science of coffee. In addition, they have farm fresh local groceries, bagels, burritos, and breakfast pastries.  
I got the Espresso Nebula with whipped espresso, milk, cane sugar served over ice. This drink is in the top 5 best coffees I have had! The perfect amount of sweetness and so smooth.
They do weekly events such as trivia nights, food pop ups, vintage markets, and Sunday markets. My apple fritter came from House of Slop and it was so thick and flavorful at their Sunday market.Coffee Science is a great space for getting together, meetings, and studying/working. Though the parking can be a big tricky I make the trek from uptown for the great atmosphere. The coffee is great quality with a knowledgeable and helpful barista. Good indoor and outdoor seating. I've never not been able to find a space. Definitely adding this joint to my list of must go-to work and coffee spots!I have become a charcuterie LOVER My husband and I had a wonderful night. 
On Friday nights, Chef Houla of wolfnswallow and Coffee Science have a curated culinary experience that is AMAZING.  Experience al fresco, private dining in a relaxing and beautiful courtyard.The service, and I'm pretty sure the owner was the one who took my order, was less than friendly or helpful. Most coffee shops- and I go to them all the time- are welcoming and friendly at the counter. This guy acted like I was an idiot for saying that I'd never been before and that I wasn't sure what I wanted. Anywhere else, the barista at the counter would offer options, or give suggestions. I know this because I've been a barista at a local coffee shop. As a tourist in New Orleans trying to buy local I was disappointed. The coffee was good so that's why I'm giving it 2 stars.Great coffee- love that they don't make you wait behind people doing specialty drinks if you want just a cup!Hypothesis: This place is significantly better than most other coffee shops. Based on my very robust analyses, I found that p is less than 0.05, suggesting that Coffee Science is in fact significantly better than most coffee shops.
But seriously, the coffee here is top notch. I got a Bavarian Creme. It was so addicting - I barely even took a breath while slurping it down. I'm quite picky when it comes to sweetened coffee drinks, but the Bavarian Creme was one of the best sweet coffee drinks I've ever had. Definitely ticking into what I would classify as almost a dessert drink, but you can still taste the espresso and it's not cloyingly sweet, which I find most sweetened drinks to be. It's balanced nicely with the richness of the milk and chocolate. Besides the beautiful coffee, I also want to shout out their general aesthetic. They have some seating inside, but their outside patio area is *chefs kiss* magnificent. If you aren't already following them on social media, you should check out their instagram! They're doing amazing things supporting other local small businesses and hosting cool events. Coffee Science, I Lutetium Vanadium you!Coffee Science is a super great local spot! It's open until 7pm every day which is nice when you need some caffeine later in the day but want something smaller than Starbucks with cool brews.
They've got so many different types of coffee, you can choose which beans you want and the style- pour over, french press, aeropress, you name it, they've got it! It's nice to be able to try a coffee bean with the way you would make it at home before you buy a bag of it, which is one of my favorite parts of Coffee Science. Plus, all the employees are super personable and knowledgeable about coffee and all their products and are more than happy to answer your questions, but not in a snobby way at all. 
It's a great place to stop by and do work- plenty of outlets, grab a drink to go, or stay for a bit outside on the covered porch or in the back yard at one of the picnic tables. Only qualm is that parking isn't always super easy to come by.
As far as actual coffee goes, love their espresso (I do wish it was served with sparkling water instead of still), they've got a ton of fun beans to try that rotate, and they're always happy to suggest a cup if you're not sure of what you're feeling.I love Coffee Science.  Coffee Science has some of the most decadent crafted drinks along side of health options like wellness shots and purist drip and espresso options as well.  
It also has a great space. It gets some good light. The front functions great for chats and the back is better if you need some quiet.  That being said, if you have to have a quiet place to work or chat, please be sure to choose somewhere else, as it can occasionally get loud.  But the volume seems to fluctuate depending on the busyness and really, for me, the options are so good that if I am in working in that area, it something that I ignore and work around.  
They do have pastries as well as simple prepared foods. I almost always choose coffees or teas with calories so I haven't delved far into the food options but they always look and smell good.I can't believe I've never been here before! I love that there's a front with music and more talking and also a back that's quieter with people working. Honestly I wanted to sit in the louder area, but there were only three small tables and they were all full. My friend and I sat in the back by the window and were talking, but we weren't too loud and didn't seem to bother anyone! There's a gorgeous outdoors area that looks to be a great place to have a gathering. It was nice to sit by the back window and look out onto. There's some bar seating outside as well. 
I got a yummy cappuccino with oat milk in a cute little mug, it was delicious! I also got their special of the day since it sounded so good! It was a veggie melt with butternut squash soup. That combination was to die for wow! I've only ever really done grilled cheese with tomato soup, this was a game changer!  And weirdly, I loved their spoon  it was like a mini ladle I just loved the shapeThis place was great. I had an iced matcha latte and a brioche egg pastry. Both were delicious. I love the large outside area in the back. They had plenty of seating and shade. I also saw them setting up for a little market which is wonderful, supporting other small businesses. They seemed to have a pretty cool variety of non coffee drinks I want to explore.This place really adds to the coffee scene in Mid City. I'm told the owner helped develop the coffee scene in New Orleans and his coffee shop definitely displays that - the basic drip is beyond great and I haven't had a coffee drink I'm not a fan of here. 
Space: The place has a front and a back for indoor seating. A decent number of larger tables make this place great for studying / hanging out with friends / etc. Lighting inside is great. They also have a backyard with some uncovered seating and a few bar seats under a patio roof. 
Parking/etc: Two bathrooms. Great wifi. Decent parking (although a bit tight). They run community events often, although I personally can't speak to them as I haven't been able to make one. 
They've recently started entering into the brunch world so I'm pretty curious to see how that grows.This was hands down one of the best coffee shops I've ever been to. Their drinks are super unique and incredible. I recommend ordering online and just going to the pick up window when you get there. Super quick and easy!First off, the coffee is fantastic.  
It's consistently some of the best drip coffee in town - anywhere for that matter.   I've had sooo many excellent cups here.  I also like the espresso, but the drip brews are often thrilling.  
They also have a GREAT selection of baked good.  Mmmmmmmm.    Soooo good.  The breakfast tacos also excellent. 
Service - great. 
Nice vibe.   Nice patio and parking in back.  The summer pool is hilarious.I wish this place was located closer to me, but then again all my money would go to them! I LOVED that Mocha Frosted! It was like drinking a mud slide but with coffee. The thing had caffeine, whipped cream and soooo much chocolate. It was a chocolate caffeine ice cream shake, so good! PJ's has something similar but not even half as good called their granita. I have been dreaming about this mocha frosted ever since I drank it a couple of weeks ago. It is pricy, at $9, but not sure you understand how worth it, it is! I really wanna go back and try that Expresso Nebula. Two of the people ahead of me ordered theirs and it looked so good. Just follow them on facebook and you'll see how tasty their treats look because I didn't even take a pic I downed this thing so fast!
The are small, not allowed to go in yet due to covid, parking off street, accepts cash.This is a quirky coffee shop with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. The building was once a home, but has since been converted to an amazing spot to grab some coffee.
The espresso here is great, but my only qualm is that it isnt served with sparkling water. Nonetheless, they have a ridiculous amount of coffee selections, and they can do drip, espresso, pour over, aeropress, or anything in between. I would recommend getting a pour over of the Ecuador by Switchback, and you cant go wrong!
The staff is super friendly and open to answering any questions about what they are serving that day. The day's brews and espresso beans are written on the front window, and updated daily. The interior design and decor are clean and stylish. I will definitely be back!Baristas are always informative and kind. They were such a big help to the community coming back after Ida. Their iced bavarian cream, the iced honey badger and my favorite, the iced nebula. The nebula definitely will caffeinate you and is amazing