Brother Rabbit you are young, hip, and tasty!
Met friends for drinks and an early dinner. I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered the house cider which is great and I followed that with the Oban 18 which is phenomenal so try it while you're there. 
Our dinner kicked off with the most amazing house biscuits and butter that will have you begging for the recipe.
The rest of our dinner was comprised of several selections from the First course menu. We had the daily oysters which were great. Followed by the Brussels sprouts, delicious but the crispy chicken skins were a bit of a let down, they needed more flavor. 
The smoked tuna tartar is great but the sweet chips can overwhelm the dish. Definitely get the marinated shrimp and jalapeño jus it is a wonderfully fresh and bright dish. 
To close thing up we had the dobeger cake with lemon curd and chocolate ice cream, as if that wasn't enough they pour this amazing chocolate sauce on it when it arrives that will have you just dying as you wait to dig in.
Overall Compere Lapin is a great addition to the New Orleans food scene, great for groups or date night with your significant other.Amazing. We had; Steak Tartare, Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot and the Curried Goat. Everything was really wonderful. Tartare maybe the best i've had. The goat with the sweet curry and gnocchi was very different and I loved it. I had a bite of the lime cheesecake and it was top notch, too. 
No drinks, because it's 2 days after Mardi Gras and I'm still in recovery mode. The service was among the best I've had in this town, which is know for it's hospitality industry. Great great great!Of all the restaurants we tried in New Orleans, this was by far our favorite. I had both lunch and dinner on two separate occasions. The service was wonderful, the ambiance is cozy but alive. Make sure to call ahead and get a reservation over the phone if opentable looks booked. Their lunch special spicy fried chicken is a must have! If you are a party of two or three, ask for the corner booth by the window. Best table in the house.Great place. Had the Louisville Slugger cocktail. Abigail is an amazing bartender!
We went here after a long bike ride and walk just looking for a cocktail and quick lunch. We shared the brunch special and had the coconut French Toast which was also amazing.Sublime! Came here on a recommendation from a NOLA native friend and was not disappointed. Everything we ordered was incredible and our server Gary was excellent. Great cocktails, amazing appetizers (tuna tartare, hamachi curry, marinated shrimp 
I strongly recommend this restaurant, definitely will go back next time I visit New Orleans.Just a quick update to note that Yelp's hours for this restaurant are incorrect. CL closes between brunch/lunch and dinner. The correct hours are on the restaurant website. Yelp, please fix this!This is my new favorite restaurant in NOLA.  I've been several times and can't stop raving  about it.  I have a huge crush on their curried goat.  The goat is tender and well seasoned.  If you're lucky and they are serving them get the fried squash blossoms stuff with cheese.  Perfect crunch...melts in your mouth.  You won't want to share this dish trust me.  Rarely do I ever order desert but the meal is always so I good I just can't pass it up.  It's not a huge place which I prefer.  The decor is well thought out, relaxed sophisticated.  I am thrilled Chef Nina Compton chose New Orleans to open her restaurant... or did New Orleans choose her?!I was in the mood for beef. The tenderness and flavor of the meat was excellent. Service was great too. In a city of great food you always have so many choices. I would choose this restaurant again.Loved everything -- had great cocktails and wine, steak tartare that was awesome, broiled shrimp was delish, curried goat dish w/ sweet potato gnocchi was the bomb. Also had a special dish, oxtail raviolini. great choice. New favorite!I was here a few weeks ago and this experience really stood out for my trip. Kerry was a gem, he even helped me locate the coffee shop to purchase their coffee which I fell in love with. I would definitely recommendThis was my favorite place on my trip to NOLA! The service was the best I've ever had (Gave a 30% tip). Very attentive and went though the entire menu. The Tuna appetizer was spectacular especially with Caviar on top! 
I also loved my catfish sandwich, great flavor and very lightly breaded. This will be a place I come to each time I'm in NOLA. They also give you complimentary bread! Bit on the pricier side for a lunch but oh so worth it!This food experience was very well accepted. Claire, our server was awesome and knew exactly what she was talking about. She knew how to dramatically explain all the dishes. Eddie, the manager was really great to talk with. The service was excellent and the food was off the chain! I definitely recommend trying this place.Unique environment but was not obsessed with the quality of food, for the quantity of food. The food portions were small, with not the greatest flavor, but the biscuits and flavored butters were amazing! I don't think I'd come back for a $50 breakfast that is small in size/lacking flavor but it was a neat experience all the same.They had me at the copper bunny...vodka, pineapple jalapeño tequila, lime juice and sparkling wine in a beautiful copper bunny (it packs a wallop). Don't try to find one to buy...they mold and make them just for the restaurant.
Starters included fresh chilled gulf oysters and crispy conch fritters with pineapple tarter sauce.  We then proceeded to two tuna "small bites:" sushi grade hamachi lightly tossed with a guava curry and papaya, and more traditional tuna tartare...they couldn't have been better.  We were a little scared to try the curried goat but it was
incredibly tender and the curry paired perfectly with the melt-in-your-mouth sweet potato gnocchi.  No room for dessert but we can't wait to come back to NOLA and Compère Lapin!One of the best meals I have ever eaten; took a few colleagues here for a celebration and it met our expectations in every way.  Had appetizers and a pork plate; cocktails and wine were on point, and the service was very professional.  Strongest recommendstionThe food was good. It really was. I don't think it's better than a number of other restaurants - Cavan, La Petite Grocery, Lillette, Cochon, etc. - but it was good. 
However, the atmosphere is so-so. Very loud. 
Worse than that, 'market price' for a dozen oysters is $45. Yes, it's my fault for not asking. However, I think it's a reasonable assumption that oysters in New Orleans are going to be less than $20/dozen. So to list oysters at market price and to not inform the guests that they are west coast oysters seems disingenuous. 
I might just be complaining because I paid $90 for 24 oysters, but they honestly weren't even that good. Superior Seafood's oysters are much better. 
Again - my fault - but it still seems fishy.Sunday brunch, it's an experience!! Food is extraordinarily, high quality and the use of healthy options and portions. 
Very very satisfied!! And the choices is amazing. You can't go wrong! Came out not to full. It was perfect. Definitely recommended.!!The dinning experience here was a little off.  We had reservations but were made to wait 15 minutes by the hostess even though the restaurant was only half full. Our entrees faired better than the apps. And some of those app flavors just didn't work. For example why should the chef douse hamachi crude with a super strong shellfish sauce?  Was it hamachi I was eating or shrimp?  Texture was hams have but the flavor of shellfish was overpowering.  I tasted no papaya as was described on the menu and although pretty, the lived carrots on top tasted like nothing and didn't add to the dish. The goat curry entree was fantastic but it is hard for me to justify a $25 price tag for such a down home cooking kind of dish. The jerk fish was tasty but a little dry. The waitstaff were very nice and attentive.I went opening night. It seemed like a few small things needed to be hammered out but over all the food, drinks, and over all atmosphere was spot on. A little more salt here... A little more pepper there... I can't wait to go back and see how the restaurant evolves.Great experience at the preview tonight with my mentor S!
Service was a bit slow but we expected there to be some kinks for them to work out, and they comped a round of drinks even though we were enjoying our conversation and didn't complain.
The bread service was biscuits with bacon butter and honey butter. The honey butter was very aromatic but neither S nor I could really taste the bacon in the bacon butter.
We started out with the conch croquettes and pig ears. Very generous portion of pig ears! The croquettes were good but we felt we could've used some more of the conch flavor and less cheese.
Next we had the shrimp and tuna tartar. The shrimp required some work as they were served shell-on, but was definitely worth it. Very nice flavor and well cooked. The tuna was very nice as well. It was served with plantain chips, which were slightly spicy, and the spice went great with the tuna.
For our main course, we got the curried goat and the pasta with crawfish. Our sides were potatoes and semolina gnocchi with corn. S lived in the Cayman Islands for quite a few years and she approved of the flavor in the curried goat. The meat was so tender it was ridiculous. The pasta was light, not swimming in a creamy sauce. The noodles made me think of yakisoba. The corn and gnocchi was very good. Potatoes were also well cooked but we were so starched out by that point.
I probably could've stopped eating there but we still has dessert. One look at the menu and you know I had to indulge. We ordered the horchata panna cotta and the banana/chocolate/hazelnut zeppole. The panna cotta was served with melon ice cream, which was perfect, and the zeppole was amazing. Probably my favorite thing from the meal, although there were many heavyweights throughout!
I mentioned the service being slow, but other than that, we felt very welcome and all of our needs were met. The server was great, and we even got to meet Nina and Larry!
Also, those cute little cast-iron skillets!
I'm excited to see this place do well. I'll be back to try more things!Great restaurant in a hip new hotel, it's naturally not as cheap as a chain restaurant but for a chef-driven restaurant they do a great job of creating well priced food with big flavors by typically not falling back on luxury ingredients in order to keep their food cost fairly low.  The space right off the hotel lobby is a bit strange and there's no great waiting space other than the hotel lobby but overall the decor is upscale & unique in a cool old building and the main recommendation would be to add artwork on the walls.
The cocktail list is unique and an excellent complement to the food while there appear to be a number of beers and the wine list by the bottle is great but the glass pours are mostly unexciting and run from $8-12 per glass.  Clearly whoever chose the bottle list knows their stuff so hopefully they'll upgrade the glass pours over time - I'm confident there will be plenty of food & wine people here that would be willing to pay $12-15 for a nice glass of wine to go along with excellent food.
Food is naturally the most important thing for most restaurants and Compere Lapin doesn't disappoint.  Our first dishes of Conch Croquettes, Smoked Drum Spread, and Broiled Shrimp in Calabrian Chili Butter were all concepted and executed just about perfectly - just be aware that the shrimp are served head-on in the shell in case you'll have issues with that but they're actually de-veined through the shell which is perfect for me.  In terms of main courses, we went with the Pici Pasta which was good but didn't quite live up to Scarpetta expectations given the slightly less than al dente pasta and small pieces of lobster that got lost in the dish's spice.  The Curried Goat with Plantain Gnocchi was excellent though and I'm sure this will be on the menu forever as a signature dish.
Service was excellent (which may have been helped by our early reservation before the restaurant was full) and even the busser was great about removing our plates promptly and being very friendly despite seeming a bit limited on experience.  All around, Compere Lapin seems to be an excellent restaurant which will be around for a while and reminds me in a number of ways of Peche  regarding overall atmosphere, pricing, and food quality.  That's pretty darn good company to keep.Yummy Caribbean bliss.  Tuna tartar fills your entire mouth with smokiness is it cut by the lime juice.  It's served with very thinly sliced banana crisps - very nice but I only wish there were more!   I had the black drum which did not shy away from the spice.  If you like a little heat, you'll enjoy this one.  My husband got the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi.  It's their signature dish and it speaks for itself.  Who doesn't love little pillows full of flavor and covered in curry??Beautiful restaurant, good drinks, good food. While the server did a great job, the food came out haphazardly.  The highlight was the pork three ways.  The seafood pasta with cauliflower was okay. The bread was amazing. We had the black eyed peas with fried onion crisps as a side, they were great. The fried croquettes were decent. Definitely worth checking out!Stayed in the Old 77 and was excited to see Nina Compton's restaurant was in the hotel during check in. As big Top Chef fans, my girlfriend and I had often talked about Nina's flavor profiles and how of all the contestants, her food is what we wanted to eat.
It did not disappoint! Cornbread with bacon butter and goat curry were serious homeruns. It's been a week and still dreaming of them.
Restaurant itself is beautiful. Woman tending bar was excellent. Fast, friendly service and really knows her stuff. Makes a great drink.
Thanks for a wonderful evening!Everything about this place was amazing. The atmosphere, the service, the food, and the knowledge the server had of the dishes, not to mention, the great wine she suggested to go with our meal. I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. I do believe our servers name was Stacy. She's great. Super funny too :)This was probably the best meal I've had in a long time.
Curried goat.
Shrimp
Gnocchi --- where're that smokiness coming from????Delicious! Lots of flavor in every bite, from the carrots to the filet of beef.  The chef provided us with a variety of starters and everything was good.
Staff was friendly, the environment was casual and fairly priced. A little louder than I would like, but that was do to everyone talking over each other and not necessarily the music.
Highly recommend this establishment.A wonderful dining experience, food AND drinks are phenomenal! We did Cochon, Restaurant August and Compere Lapin for our nicer dining experiences in NOLA, and this one completely beats our Restaurant August hands down. Anyways, I rarely leave reviews, but this is actually for Ziggy, our busser. He is THE BEST! Such a fun, likable and hilarious guy. He totally made our night. Ziggy - if you're ever in LA... :)Always a winner!
This place is located right next to the Old No. 77 Hotel and is always crowded so make reservations ahead of time. I was hoping for new items on the menu since my last visit, but maybe next time. 
We ordered:
Appetizers
Crispy Pig Ears / Smoked Aioli - $5
These are always a crowd pleaser. The rub was very flavorful, but I prefer thinner slices for more crispiness.
Dirty Rice Arancini / Sour orange mojo - $5
The hint of orange definitely gave an tasty twist to your normal cajun rice. 
Entrees
Hamachi / Guava curry / Papaya - $15 
Sadly, I didn't love this dish. The hamachi itself was a bit fishy and I couldn't get pass the taste in order to taste the other flavors. Also, this has a bit of an unexpected level of spicy. 
Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot - $21
I LOVED this one. It was the best dish of the night! It's a very light creamy broth that just balances perfectly with the artichoke and seafood. 
Trio of Pork / Apples / Celery root - $31
Beautiful presentation. Great spices in the pork! The mixture of sweet of the apples paired nicely with the three types of pork. 
Sides
Semolina Gnocchi / Collard green / Creole Spices - $8
This was very interesting. I would describe it was southern mac and cheese. It was super creamy and cheesy with more salt then I would've liked. 
Next time,
I would stick to the Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot! I would say this a great experience if you're looking for for french cajun style.Wow! The hype surrounding this restaurant is certainly merited. Loved the conch, gazpacho, and roasted chicken. Looking forward to visiting again!Everything we had was spot on. We started with the crispy dirty rice, tuna tartare, and the corn on the cob as appetizers. I've ever had better corn on the cob in my life. The other appetizers were out of this world as well. I had the curried goat as my entree, which was excellent. I will definitely return.Went here for brunch a couple of weeks ago and I was very pleased with my meal.  After following Chef Nina Compton on Top Chef I was very happy to see that she had a restaurant here in New Orleans.
The first thing that I noticed when I walked in was the atmosphere of the restaurant.  It fits right in with the rest of Warehouse.  It's dark and rustic and screams that you are about to enjoy a nice rustic meal.
I ended up having the ricotta pancakes with cane syrup and fruit.  They were honestly some of the best pancakes I have ever had a restaurant.  The pancakes were light and had a nice texture to them, wish a little crunch.  The fruit was an added bonus giving the dish a nice bright taste to each bite.
I am looking forward to going here again to taste more of the menu.  Especially dinner.5 star review for their brunch! We came here at 11:30 AM with a group of 12 and were promptly seated.  We couldn't decide what to order so we shared one of each of the small plates. Let me tell you everything was AMAZING and had such unique flavors I had never had before. I think their menu changes seasonally but when we went we had avocado toast, zucchini fritters, chilled shrimp, and everything bagel.  
For the large plates we split the goat bolognese (MUST GET!), coconut French toast, biscuits and gravy, and black bean avocado eggs. I had their Compere Lapin mimosa which was really good, I would rarely say worth the $12 price but this one was very much worthy.My girlfriend and I had an incredible time at Compere Lapin. Everything from the cocktails, wine, and sherry - all spectacular. The food was seasoned and cooked to absolute perfection. With that said, the all-star of our night was our waitress Clair with the cool hair. She was very kind and extremely well-knowledged in the menu. Can't wait to return for another unforgettable experience.Could do without the appetizers that were a bit greasy and nothing great but, fish first courses were both great- a shrimp one and one with hamachi. The lamb curry was good- but more of a gnocchi dish than meat focused dish. Pepper pot ok.  Every few minutes someone tried to take our dishes away. First the bread and our bread dishes- even when there was still bread on them- we had to stop them. Then, our drinks- which weren't finished and throughout the meal they kept asking if were were done and trying to grab our plates. Very weird. Still, enjoyed the food.Pretty tasty food but the prices are outrageous and portion sizes small. Ordered the curried goat and there were 5 small pieces of goat and a lot of other stuff but little meat. it was delicious though.. I felt the value for what you got was little. loved the presentation and taste.Our inaugural post comes from the Warehouse District's newest restaurant: Compère Lapin. Top Chef fan favorite, Nina Compton, like many of us, fell in love with New Orleans and couldn't bear to leave. We are grateful. Compère Lapin's light but decadent Caribbean fare is perfect for Nola's summer foodie.
Atmosphere: With a hipster-Portland-like vibe, the classic bar, eclectic light fixtures, and art collection adorning the walls, gave us plenty of visual stimulation. (Edith especially loved the conveyer belt fans.) Needless to say, you'll feel a little bit cooler just for having dined here.
Food: Any place that serves chive biscuits with bacon butter is fine by us. All of Chef Compton's dishes had a near perfect balance of textures and flavors. The rich, smoked tuna tartare and avocado was balanced with crispy plantain chips and fresh mint. Though the curried goat was melt-in-your-mouth-tender, the oyster roll, a playful twist on an oyster poboy, stole the show. A soft, buttered brioche-like bun cradled crispy oysters topped with a sweet and spicy pineapple slaw so light that it nearly tricked us into forgetting that we were eating fried seafood on bread. We rounded out the meal with a shockingly refreshing coconut tres leches cake.
Service: The service was friendly, efficient, and attentive. Our server offered us extra biscuits when our second course took an extra five minutes AND brought the check promptly because he knew my husband needed to return to work. The staff smiled at Edith, remarking how cute she is. (This is clearly worth extra points.)
Feedith Rating: Yay! #feedithnola
Highchairs: Yes.
Changing Table: No.
Sufficient White Noise (i.e. can't hear my kid scream): Yes!
Parking: Easy street parking + affordable lot directly across the streetThis was excellent. We came for dinner and got conch croquettes, crispy dirty rice arancini, hamachi, broiled shrimp, semolina gnocchi, and curried goat. Everything was good, but the arancini and curried goat stood out for me. The arancini was somewhat unexpected, as it was a last second throw-in to our order, but the flavor really jumped and the dipping sauce it came with was excellent as well. 
Obviously, though, the main event was the curried goat. The meat itself was outstanding, but the gnocchi and the sauce could have been a great entree on its own. (To some extent, it overshadowed the semolina gnocchi, which was also very good, but more plain.) 
My wife also loved the broiled shrimp, and while I liked them too, I'm more turned off by having to do the work of peeling them.
Overall, an excellent dinner, and I was really torn between 4 and 5 stars.Super great lunch - wagyu burger and drum were fantastic!
Fun atmosphere and great service. Lots of yummy options.  Don't skip dessert and tea!!!Decided to go here after hearing the chef was on top chef! I'm a little bit between 3-4 stars but there were so many good choices that I feel I could go back and try more which is always exciting. To start, my guests and I ordered the oysters (with their signature hot sauce), fried rice balls, beet salad, and Brussels sprouts with fried chicken skin. All of the appetizers were incredible and we practically filled up just on them! For entrees, I had the curried goat. It wasn't anything to write home about. The sweet potato gnocchi was interesting and flavorful but the goat in the curry was just decent. My friends had the lobster pasta and the chicken which were both very good, but again nothing extraordinary. Personally, I think this place strives on small plates and appetizers and I would be happy to come back for those again!Amazing food.  Great ambiance.  We had a little bit of everything.  Not gonna list all the stuff we tried. But everything was really good.  Small portions.  Hard to share. But every bite was worth it.  
Kushi oysters were on point. Probably my favorite dish.  Loved the habanero dropper. 
Caribbean seafood pot was my second favorite.  
You can go wrong here.  Awesome place and walking distance to the casino.There were four of us and we each got a separate dish. They were all delicious.  We were so very, very fortunate to have Claire as our waitress. She was the absolute best waitress that we had at a restaurant in NO the entire week. If you can get her just ask what she would suggest.  The lobster entrée was perhaps the best. The coconut desert was "to die for".
I wish this restaurant would move to Atlanta GA!Compere Lapin on paper is everything an exceptional restaurant should be.  Excellent design, trendy interior, thoughtful cocktail list, well dressed servers, small well groomed menu, great location.  
Waitress was nice but not attentive.  Drinks took too long to reach the table for the price they were.   The complimentary biscuits were very hard on the outside, soft on the inside and paired with two delicious butters.  The pig ears were drastically over seasoned and the croquettes were decent but nothing out of this world.  The tuna tartare was the best of the appetizers.   Entrees:  The curry goat was a single note texture and the drum was beautiful but more beautiful than tasty.  The seafood pepper pot was highly anticipated but disappointing.  For dessert, the chocolate bar was incredibly small as well as dense and not luxurious.  It was topped with a tart whip that did not pair well.  And unfortunate end to the meal.  While nothing I ate was offensive, nothing I ate did I say....I have got to go tell my friends about this place. 
I don't live here and I could give you 10 restaurants easily that you'd great food start to finish at.  I'm hoping my experience here was one off based on the reviewsWe enjoyed breakfast here a few days in a row. A nice quiet atmosphere with great food.This is a fantastic restaurant. The atmosphere is great, not too formal or stuffy, has a very urban feel and tables are not too crowded together.  
Service was great - we were seated promptly, we were quickly attended to, water glasses were never less than half full, food came quickly and timed well, we were thoroughly impressed with the service and overall experience.
Food-wise, it was excellent as well.  
-biscuits were amazing, and the butter was REALLY good
-Spiced pig ears:  Not the texture I expected, but very good nonetheless, the aioli was delicious
-Roasted Beet salad:  the kale pesto was excellent, was going to try to make it at home!  otherwise solid dish overall
-Brussels Sprouts:  my favorite of what we ordered, large portion, the brussels sprouts were a good texture, not too soft, great flavor, chicken skins were a nice additional touch
-duo of beef/broccoli/fois gras: if I had to pick a "disappointing" dish, it would be this one.  The portions were quite small considering that it's the most expensive dish on the menu.  I also expected a portion of fois gras on the dish, but instead, it's shavings of fois gras on top, so you don't really experience any fois gras flavor.  Good overall, but not amazing
-Spinach cavatelli:   also amazing - loved it (notice a trend?)
Overall, I think it's one of the top restaurants I've tried in New Orleans so far, and we will definitely be back!I've been eager to try this restaurant once I learned that Nina Compton opened her own place. The restaurant was beautiful with a nice vibe. It was really loud the night we were there and realize that this is attributed to it being in the lobby of a hotel where patrons came in and out to have drinks at the bar. 
We first were given biscuits which were so amazing! I wanted to continue snacking on them all night. We had the conch croquettes and pig ear to start. They both had amazing flavors, especially the pig ear which was an explosion of savory flavors. I wasn't too pleased with the textures of either though. Next we had the hamachi and the "eat your vegetables" which for that day was Brussels sprouts with crunchy chicken skin. The hamachi was surprisingly refreshing with a crazy burst of flavor in such a small bite. This was my favorite dish of the night. The Brussels sprouts were overwhelmingly salty because of the amount of ranch dressing on it. It could have been better with less dressing. For our entree we had the curry goat gnocchi and lobster pasta. These were both phenomenal! The gnocchi was a richer dish and the lobster pasta a lot lighter. Great flavors.So great - I almost gave 5* but the prawns were so big I was uncertain of how to eat them without making a mess.  Beautiful space and service - although TV(s) were showing NFL football playoffs.  Affected the ambiance a tad.  Go Nina Go!An excellent restaurant if you want to experience a full dining evening.  The hostess was friendly and kicked off a good evening with her attention to detail.  Our waiter was a bit young but knowledgeable about the food.  While the menu was small, all options were excellent.  This would be a great restaurant for an adventurous eater but not for the picky.  Save room for dessert.New Orleans in is one of our favorite foodie cities to visit.  Have been here at least twenty times and mostly just to just eat our way through the city. We were disappointed in our dinner at Compère Lapin.  
They brought out freshly baked biscuits and butter that were so delicious that it left you dying in anticipation of the next dish.  We ordered from the small bites the Crispy Dirty Rice Arancini.  Also from the first course we had the Caribbean Seafood Pepper Pot.  As a point of reference, We have travelled the world and eaten at many Michelin Star restaurants, as well as travel through a city just to eat the best local burger or pizza.  So it was a disappointment that our first course was just average and not worth the anticipation or cost.    We remained positive that our main course selections would leave us craving more.  However our selections of the Roast Half Chicken and Scialatielli with Clams and Shrimp were again met with disappointment.  We have had these same or extremely similar dishes at other lesser known restaurants and would honestly say that we would not go back to Compère Lapin.   New Orleans has so many other outstanding restaurants that we will revisit on our next trip.Love the atmosphere and also the food! Drinks were great, bartenders were friendly and recommended drinks for youAwesome decor. Great service. A very busy place so either get reservations or sit at the oyster bar. As soon as you sit down, you're greeted by a round of biscuits and delicious salty butter - gratis. Ordered the steak tartare, pig ears, cheesy rice balls, curry goat, and their special crab/gnocchi. Everything was super savory. Very heavy but delicious flavors. The steak was smoked - not the best tartare I've ever tried but a nice starter. The bread Served should have been a thin crostini to appreciate the meaty flavor more. Pig ears were crispy, slightly chewy but definitely yummy. Great seasoning. Rice balls were verrry cheesy. Good flavor. The goat dish was a winner. Amazing flavors. Curry wasn't overwhelming. Served with soft gnocchi. The underwhelming dish was the crab special. Could have used more specific seasoning. Crab almost got lost in the gnocchi. Overall will come back if there are new items added to the menu!The atmosphere is trendy, kinda loud even in the back of the restaurant but it is a beautiful spot. The food was good but not amazing! We had the goat which was probably the best dish, the pig ears,  dirty rice balls, beef and shrimp. The service was slow but the water guy was on top of it. I really expected more. I would only come back to have cocktails and hang in the bar with maybe a snack and/or dessert.Great atmosphere, dimly lit in the evenings, and the biscuits are literally to die for. 
If you are coming here to snack, then great! I honestly had to get something else to eat after leaving here. 
I asked our waitress about portion size, because hey, I don't mind several small plates, but I don't want to leave feeling hungry.
We ordered the half chicken, literally a kids portion, to be fair, it was tasty, but it certainly wasn't filling. We also ordered the spinach fondue, which was terribly plain and nothing like the waitress described. We paired it with Forefront Cabernet, which was great. I should have bought the bottle, we also ordered the sausage balls, can't remember the exact name, but they were great.
I may try their breakfast, because the biscuits were great, but I wouldn't dare come here if was hungry and wanting a filling meal.
Again, I had to buy a burger after leaving.The drinks were very creative and delicious. Food was good. The pig ears, pasta, and panna cotta were the best. I didn't really think the curry goat was good although it was the most recommended entree. Overall, pretty good dinner.Perfectly fine brunch here with friends - nothing to write home about.  Nice setting.  Small portions.  High price point. Squash fritters and pasta with goat meat ragu were good.  Everything else was meh.  My friend loves this place so there is a good chance that she will drag me back.  Lol.Great bar! Abigail was very knowledgeable and friendly. Learned a bunch while having fun and a perfectly balanced daiquiri! The pot tenderloin was delicious and the service was excellent. Thank you to Kyle for going to retrieve my gift bag from The Swizzle Stick. Hospitality at its best!Not very impressed with menu flavors/ and the contemporary mix of ingredients.
The "snacks" are appetizer size.   The wait for a drink at the bar took at least 15 minutes---- either short staffed or just way too many ingredients in their cocktails.
The pig ear snack was drenched in salt. The croquettes were a bit bland.
Fortunately we had reservations for dinner elsewhere.This restaurant is located in the Warehouse District inside the Old No. 77 hotel
We had a delicious quick lunch before heading to the airport back to NYC :(
Their biscuits & butter are seriously to die for and I'm not much of a butter person. Dee-freaking-licious! We started with the marinated shrimp & roasted jalapeno jus which was very light and refreshing. For entrée I had the drum with apples, collards & fennel and my husband had the butternut squash agnolotti with pumpkin seed granola and sage. 
We shared the soursop semifreddo which neither of us were a fan of but great presentation and again, light & refreshing.After finding this on a list of hot new places & seeing the glowing Yelp reviews the bar was set really high, and Compère Lapin mostly delivered. We had the conch croquettes, fried pig ears, and dirty rice arancini. Perhaps it's our fault for not realizing we were ordering three fried things, but the preparation was a bit plain, some fresh/crunchy veggies could have balanced out these appetizers. But don't get me wrong, they were tasty and we gobbled them up. The sautéed shrimp with roasted jalapeño jus was utter perfection. We finished with the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi which was delicious but just a teeny bit off - the gnocchi just a bit too gummy, the curry not concentrated enough. I realize I am being nitpicky, but with the abundance of incredible food in this town I think little things matter. Overall I would definitely come back, there's so much potential in this Caribbean/Creole fusion idea!From the drinks , to the Tuna and the roasted chicken this place is beyond delicious !!We had friends coming into town on a Sunday morning, so, over the course of the week,Hubby asked me about 10x where I'd made brunch reservations.
I kept responding that I couldn't remember where. In truth, I was reluctant to say "Compere Lapin" out loud because Im not 100% sure how to pronounce the French. (Full disclosure, I took French all four years of high school. I still don't trust my pronunciation.)
Regardless, we showed up at the-restaurant-that-shall-not-be-named at 11am, and were promptly seated and our drink order was taken. By the time our drinks arrived, our water glasses had already been refilled twice. 
My Bloody Mary was spicy and delish (though devoid of olives...wahhhh!!) 
The menu was fantastic. Small plates, entrees, baked goods. A little bit of everything. The zucchini bites were little deep fried balls of magic. The avocado toast  featured generous chunks of avocado and was delicious. The french toast was crisp without being "crunchy" and tasted amazing. I stopped short of ordering the beignets, and I confess that I've been regretting it all week. I watched another table chowing down on them and they looked magical. 
I wish I'd made note of the server's name because she was so sweet and did a fabulous job taking care of us. She checked in a few times, was quick with another round of drinks and was chatty and pleasant. A+ service. 
In short, CL delivered like Dominos. Wonderful food, great atmosphere, fabulous overall experience. Can't wait to give dinner a try!!!We came here for our last dinner in NOLA and I'm so glad we did. Yes, the biscuits are delicious. The small bites and entrees were even better. We ordered the pork tenderloin, goat curry, chicken, snapper, oysters and dirty rice balls. All soooo good! Everything was so flavorful and fresh. Hoping that I have the opportunity to go back someday!I stayed here for a conference across the street. Let me start by saying my worst experience was ONLY during breakfast. 
Wow! The food here is unbelievable amazing and the biscuits and gravy for breakfast are great unless you would like your eggs scrambled!!!!!!! I was told by the guy making my coffee that it wouldn't be as pretty of a dish by having them scrambled... I waited for a "Bazinga" but the guy was very serious. I spent about ten minutes not try to lose my $&@& and we finally were able to resolve the pretty-ness of my breakfast and I got scrambled. The food arrives and I am blown away by how good it tastes (even though my eggs were scrambled!) 
Day 2: I walk down stairs ready for breakfast and I opt for the hash of the day, of course it has egg in the description and sure enough... "It ONLY comes fried or over easy" said the other guy making my coffee. Once again I try not to lose my $&@& but this guy just wouldn't give up. I was able to connivence him to go back to the 'line cooks' and beg them to please find a soft spot in there heart to make my eggs scrambled... They were able to and I will forever be in their gratitude because this is the best. hash. ever. 
My two cents... If the customer asks for a variation of a freaking egg... Don't tell the person paying your bills that you, "don't like" to do it that way! It's an egg!!!!What a cool atmosphere full of BS! Half the restaurant was empty yet the rude hostess would not seat us. The drinks took 15 mins to make and cost $15 each, which is fine for a craft cocktail but these simply tasted bad. The guests who were allowed, yes allowed to eat all left food behind and told us not to bother waiting for a seat for 2 hours because the food was "gross". Hire some nicer people, get a location where you can use all the space and don't have the bar be a free for all where rude people take a 70 year old woman's seat. Gross!The place has a great vibe. The hostess is a darling. The bartender is efficient. The service in the dining room falters. Our server was either tired or busy, she seemed in a rush to take my side plate even though I was using it. The spinach side dish is creamy, the drum is petite, the biscuit is not flaky.THANK YOU FOR RUINING MY CHRISTMAS DINNER. Huge rip off $75 per person prefixed (the worst) Christmas dinner ever. 
Had Christmas dinner with my husband today. It was prefixed and $75 each. As soon as we got seated, I noticed there were a lot of empty tables which is weird since it's Christmas.
Two biscuits with honey and bacon butter were served before meal and it was amazing. My husband is not a butter person, but he kept wanting more and more of the butter. 
As appetizers we got scallops and oxtail. It was thin sliced raw scalloped with little chopped pieces of granny smith apple. I guess they wanted it to be like salad- ish. But the citrus flavor was too much like vinegar amd overwhelming. The oxtail was like a square shaped pressed meat served with bread. It was okay, but again it was a bit weird to eat it cold and too blend. 
So we had four different entrees; taglioni, oysters, pork belly with rice and beans, and green beans. Pasta was undercooked than al dante and kinda salty. The sauce was supposedly three different stuff mixed I guess? It was kale, mushroom, and butternut, and all I tasted was some heavy salty brown greenish sauce. Green beans were pretty good. It was crunchy and blended well with spicy tomatoes. Pork belly with rice and beans.. The pork belly was slighty crispy outside, moist and tender inside. I think I tasted funnel seeds in the rice and beans and that was all I could taste. The last one, baked oysters... I'm pretty sure the ingredients used in this place is super fresh. But why do you have to put so much lemon juice in every seafood dish, especially when it's cooked??? And the oysters were overcooked and rubbery.
Since my husband and I are not huge fan of cinnamon and ginger cake, we decided to go with eggnog panna cotta with cranberry sorbet. It was okay, nothing special.
I trusted these yelp reviews and these famous chefs! But it's huge no no no! The combination was not good, seafood dishes were literally soaked in lemon juice, undercooked pasta, and overcooked rubbery oysters, flavorless, AND it's 75 per person, plus still charge me for a cup of cappuccino?? Seriously??? We got freaking ripped off! I wouldn't even pay 40 bucks for this dinner. I rather go to olive garden or outback!
So far I've been to restaurant august, sobou, commander's palace, Doris metropolitan, and Atchafalaya in NOLA. I spend much less than 75 per person for food and it was whole lot better. 
I don't think this place even deserve 2 stars, but it's for the biscuits and butter. At least we enjoyed the complimentary bread which is the only thing we enjoyed from our entire dinner. Thanks for ruining my Christmas dinner in NOLA.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL AND WILL NEVER RETURN.Just had a client dinner at this restaurant with exceptional food. Tried a variety of custom items for a large party dinner and the food and service were absolutely delightful. I especially enjoyed the mango sorbet served on coconut rice. The bartenders are a class act as well. Will definitely go again!Writing this review after my third time dining at Compere. It is consistently good every time, with some highlights and some misses though throughout the meal. Ambiance is decent, service is fine and attentive. We tried all small bite items on the menu currently, the conch and the arancini were really great. First course wise hamachi was well prepared with good flavor, and the whippe ricotta was one of the best dishes on the menu. The biggest let down of the evening was the black drum- it was unbearably bland with the accompanying sauce/broth not adding much at all. Main course wise should stick with the goat which is always excellent. Banana/chocolate fritters for dessert were tasty. All in all good meal but they need some serious work on their fish dishes.Loved. Loved loved. The biscuits. The pig ears-soft and addictive. Goat curry might be one of my favorite dishes. Ice cream churned every day.We had high expectations for this place and it was just OK in comparison to all the great NYC or Chicago restaurants out there. 
Table of three ordered the following: 
1. Arancini - interesting twist with the citrus sauce 
2. Croquettes- awesome 
3. Steak Tartare- it was ok; nothing to write home about
4. Oysters- small oysters full of flavor 
5. Curried goat- disappointing; there's was barely any curry in the dish; least favorite dish of the night 
6. Shrimp and clam pasta- nicely done pasta but salty AF. 
7. Trio pork- pork belly was deliciousGreat cocktails! Very good service. I had the dirty rice arancini which was really really good. The biscuits that are served with entrees were also delicious. Unfortunately my entree fell a bit short. I had the goat curry with sweet potato gnocchi. I was really looking forward to it, but the gnocchi was not so great and the curry sauce was very thin. Personal preference for a thicker sauce. I would go back for drinks, appetizers, and dessert, but probably not the entrees.I was extremely excites to brunch at this restaurant because I am an avid Top Chef fan and I am pleased to say she didn't disappoint. 
We started with the avocado and shrimp. It was a very refreshing and simple dish. For my main course I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy. It was different than the down home style that I was used to seeing presentation wise because the biscuits were served on the side, but it still gave that comfort food feel with a little bit of elevation given with the leeks in the gravy.
We went during Christmas time, so at the end of our meal we were given cute little postcards that had a recipe for a drink similar to eggnog from Ninas family recipes. It was a nice touch that made the restaurant feel more personal.I have eaten all over the world...and this place ranks number 4 on my list of "best places to eat...anywhere".  I was told to stop in by a co worker that was just down a month prior to my visit.  I thought the constant raving was going to over hype the place and I would be let down.  Just the opposite.  The constant rave reviews he gave me didn't even set a high enough expectation for me to be let down.  I can tell you right now, my review of this establishment is not even going to come close to doing Compere Lapin justice.  But here we go:
Atmosphere was borderline romantic, borderline too loud, borderline too stuffy, and borderline too laid back for the price point it was in.  I know that all sounds a bit odd, but I had a hard time pinpointing anything I hated or loved about it.  I think the fact that it was attached to a hotel really made it hard to get a good feel about how it really was.  We sat at the "raw bar" where you could see all the seafood appetizers being made and the chef that was running the show there really made the experience better for my wife and I.  He knew his stuff and wasn't shy about sharing info about what was being made, how things were done from station to station, and even let us sample some of the daily made chips they serve with the tuna tar tar.  He really stepped up where I felt our waiter was aloof and only there putting in his hours to go home for the evening.  I think the reviewer Bri B. was right on the money when she said the wait staff was cold as soon as they realized we weren't going to drop hundreds of dollars.
Food - This is where they stood out in ways others don't even come close.  My wife and I started with the Crispy Dirty Rice Arancini/Sour Orange Mojo.  This was so good I was mad that it only came with 4.  I want to steal the recipe and make it at home every day.  Sure it's rice, and deep fried, and I would get fat...but so worth it!  A nice bite, a hint of spicy heat, and the texture was spot on.  My wife had the Duo of Beef/Cauliflower/Foie Gras.  The short rib was the star of this plate but the rest of the plate was pretty amazing.  I had the Curried Goat/Sweet Potato Gnocchi/Cashews...and this is where Nina Compton's recipe really jumped out at me.  One of the servers stated that she was known as the "Queen of gnocchi" and I believe it.  This was by far the best gnocchi I have ever had.  I love curry and the flavor of this curry was a stand out, at first I thought it was a little mellow then it continued to build with each spoonful.  This was the perfect dish for me and like I said, my words would not be able to describe it in a way that would do it justice.  We finished with a coconut tres leches...and well...I've had better tres leches.  It wasn't terribleby any means, but having traveled a fair amount, and just had better.  
I know this review sounds a little weird for the a place that I recommend so highly...but it really is an amazing place that is a stand out in a city full of great food adventures.Best meal to-date in New Orleans! Our server was very friendly and helpful, sommelier helped us pick a great bottle of wine in our price range, the staff was efficient in every way. But it was the food that was really stand-out! Really interesting and innovative menu! Dirty rice arancini and house made stracciatella to start and both amazing. The black drum was really spectacular. Oh, and the biscuits...to die for. Go!Has been on my list to check out for a while and it did not disappoint. Great food and portions! Drink menu was also a big plus!We had an incredible dinner with the best waiter I have ever had in my life! His name is Ben from Minnesota! So impressed with the food and Ben's attention to our table. AMAZING!Truly amazing meal. Favorite part by far was the hamachi curry. Cocktails were excellent. Also ordered the smoked tuna tartare, conch croquettes, broiled shrimp and goat curry- the most tender meat I've had in a long time! Our server Claire was very knowledgeable and fun. Highly recommend for a special night out!This place was AMAZING! Chef Nina Compton has put together some of the most tantalizing favors to ever dance across my taste buds! Hint- try the curried goat!When my fiancée said he found chef Nina's restaurant in NOLA and there was goat curry on the menu, we knew we would have to plan to dine there, so I between the Hermes and the Bacchus parades, we were able to walk over for a late 10pm dinner.
As we walked to our table, we saw chef Nina in the open kitchen, and if we had had time for a drink, we probably would have grabbed one at the bar and watched her in action. But instead, we sat down at our table in the back of the restaurant and perused the menu.
Drink of choice when in NOLA is the sazerac, and theirs was very good. The kitchen sent out some biscuits with 2 butters (chives and bacon) they were gone pretty quickly.
For starters, I ordered a half a dozen oysters, and we shared the conch croquette and spicy pig ears to share. The croquettes were perfect and balanced out the saltiness of the pig ears.
For mains, we ordered the Caribbean seafood pepper pot and the goat curry with the black eyed peas and roasted potatoes as sides. The pepper pot was too fishy for my fiancée, and the sour notes did not pair as well with the rest of the meal - probably wouldn't order it again. But, the goat curry, OMG!!!, it was melt in your mouth, nestled amidst pillowy sweet potato gnocchi, with a rich sauce, that we just scooped up until there was nothing left. 
Our evening was made extra special when Larry stopped by our table to check in on us, and we shared with him how we had seen him and chef Nina in Portland, about a year earlier while we waited for our table at BokeRamen. He explained to us what they were finalizing the investment for Compere Lapin, and that they come to Portland fairly regularly. Who knew!?!
If you're in NOLA, this is a must on your adventure!Just about every restaurant in New Orleans have amazing food. they use just the right spices to dazzle your taste buds. I highly recommend....