It has been a year since we "found" Coop's Place. When we arrived in New Orleans we were staying a couple of blocks away so Coop's was the obvious choice. We arrived between 4:00 and 4:30 pm and were seated immediately. If you wait until later you will wait!
Anyway, the mirror behind the bar has not been cleaned, the tables and bar still look the same and the food is still some of the best you will find. Nothing too fancy, just decent food at a decent price. We do not go for the fried chicken because we can get good fried chicken at home. The Jambalaya Supreme, Shrimp Creole and Red Beans and Rice are wonderful. They have local beers which are good and change from time to time.
We have found that the service is very good, no problems at all and the staff are east to get along with.
Coop's is one of those places that you have to visit. Never mind the front, the bar, the restrooms etcI've only ever read about the rabbit & sausage jambalaya here, but the gumbo takes the cake! It's a bit on the saltier side, but it is bursting with amazing flavor. It's what got me hooked on gumbo, and for the rest of my trip in New Orleans, I would order gumbo whenever it was on the menu. No other gumbo could compare though, not even the Gumbo Shop!Coop's Place is a really solid bar on the Esplanade end of the French Quarter.  It is definitely worth it to take a walk down there and get dinner.  Coop's pretty laid back and low maintenance.  I wouldn't call it a dive, but it sure ain't fancy.  Drinks are out quick and the staff are friendly.  I started with the gumbo, and then had the Cajun pasta while I was there the other night.  The gumbo was solid, but pretty average gumbo for NOLA.  Also, it has big chunks of celery, okra, etc in it (which I'm not big on).  But nonetheless, it was good gumbo.  
The Cajun pasta was excellent.  Lots of shrimp and crawfish tails, the artichoke hearts and mushrooms were well prepared and the tasso was amazing.  The menu says that they prepare their tasso on-site.  I believe it.  It was smokey, spicy and generally exceptional.  Finally the sauce that held it all together was wonderful.  The perfect blend of spicy and creamy.  It even held up pretty well when I re-heated it in the microwave the next day for lunch.... oh yeah... the portion was big enough for 2 solid meals.
Anyhow, if you're in the quarter, run down to Coop's and have a meal.The food here was really fantastic ...but the service was horrible and borderline rude. Perhaps it was because we arrived right after the super bowl ended and they had been busy? I'm not sure but the food was.good enough to overcome our rude/kooky waitress and I would definitely go backVery solid pub. Nice layout and atmosphere. Pool table. Good bar lined with regulars. Efficient bartender. And apparently the food is great. I wish I could say more about it, but we weren't eating there that night. At least a regular tipped us off on the $6 bowl of steamed softshell crab claws. Sweet jesus they were great. Could have eaten bowl after bowl.
Really the only drawback was the wretched display of humanity waiting for a table and blocking the entrance. Seriously, if no one asks to see your disgusting boobs, don't show them. And if, when you nevertheless do so followed by your vile companion licking them publicly, at least have the decency to notice the dozens of people who poke their own eyes out in agony and horror ... Anyway, Coop's Place is a good place.Well, the food was ok.
Actually, the rice in the jambalaya was undercooked.  Otherwise, the food was ok.
The service was some of the hands down worst I've had in my life.  If you'd like to have more than one beverage with dinner, go somewhere else.  Actually, if you'd like to eat your dinner with silverware, you may want to look elsewhere.
Before I forget, the busboy was a real douche bag.Jambalaya supreme was delectable.  It was so tasty my boyfriend and I came here two days in a row.  I ordered the same dish, but he ventured and got the waiters recommendation, which was fried and bland.  The wait can be long and the service is mediocre at best, but we'll worth it for the jambalaya supreme.Five stars for the fried chicken - amazing - two stars for the experience. Called 12 times to try and order take out. Could not get anyone to stay on the line long enough to take order. Showed up to order in person and was told I can't order take out with a baby. The place has a bar license, not a restaurant license. People of New Orleans need to stop recommending Coop's for fried chicken since it is not a restaurant, it is a bar. They want you to come in and drink, so they don't take your phone order. Wish we had known before we wasted so much time and effort here.We were actually on our way to a different restaurant when we changed our minds based on the recommendation of our Uber driver to try Coop's Place. 
There was a line of people outside and we had a party of 3 that got seated right away. Our waitress was Michelle and she was very good. In fact all of the employees were pleasant and fun. One of the bartenders yelled at me to put away my phone while I was at the dinner table (joking!). I said I was reading reviews but he said "I don't care -put it away at the dinner table!  It was funny!
I ordered the Chef Salad which came with a choice of chicken or shrimp (grilled or blackened). I got the grilled shrimp version and it was huge and delicious. There's no way I could finish it all. It was loaded with tiny shrimp ($11.95)
Another person in our party got the duck Quesadilla appetizer($9.50)  based on what the Uber driver said and he loved his food. He also got a cup of rabbit Jambalaya ($5.75)
The third person in our party got the Taste Plate that came with a cup of Gumbo and several other Cajun treats ($13.95)
Service was great and the food came out fast. It was worth going there for dinner!I say come here for any number of things. Taste plate, Chicken Tchoupitoulas, Jambalaya, ...
But do NOT leave without having some of the best fried chicken I have ever had. Absolutely 100% the best.After a one-hour wait, we were finally seated at the bar, but they were out of mint juleps and sazeracs. We ordered some gumbo and jambalaya. Our first bites of each dish were room-temperature, so I politely pointed this out to the bartender and requested that we get everything heated up. He claimed that they cook up dishes to order and that they don't have a microwave. Uh, I am pretty sure there is more than one way to reheat a dish. Anyway, the bartender took our plates back, so I was under the impression he would get new dishes for us. He later returned, claiming that he had burned his finger when sticking it in our food, and he subsequently kicked us out of the bar. 
He could have simply told us he couldn't or wouldn't reheat the food, and we would have grudgingly finished our meal and still left him a decent tip. But I guess at a restaurant this popular, the staff feels they can get away with treating new customers badly. 
We took a walk to Lüke, which I highly recommend for mint juleps, hot food, and amazing service.Fried chicken!! Get the fried chicken. Seafood gumbo was delicious. Not as salty as the gumbo served at Turtle Bay but definitely flavorful.What can I say that hasn't already been said about: the fried chicken, the bloody marys, the Jambalaya, etc.  
The food here is excellent and worth the wait, the drinks are strong, and the bloody mary's are spicy.  The staff is friendly and chatty and always looking to help you leave happy.
NO ONE UNDER 21 IS ALLOWED IN THIS PLACE, not even your kids.We had the combo plate; jambalaya, fried chicken and beans & rice. Tried the gumbo and all great. Derive was great as well.3.5 stars. Came in around 8pm on a Tuesday night. Waited for about 20 minutes. Luckily a street performer with a lovely voice came around and sang some Sam Cooke.
Food: Not a fan of fried chicken (I know, sorry) I opted for the shrimp salad with green goddess dressing per the waiter's recommendation. The salad was filled to the brim and full of fresh and yummy ingredients. My dad ordered the fried chicken and he really seemed to enjoy it - he said it wasn't too greasy and the flavor was on point. My mom ordered the seafood gumbo and she didn't enjoy it much - from the looks of it there was a ton of liquid and a few morsels of seafood hiding in it. 
Service: After reading all of the reviews I was expecting crap service, but our waiter was helpful, patient, and nice to us. So I guess come in with low expectations on this end and maybe your experience will turn out better, haha.
You will enjoy this place as long as you take it for what it is - a noisy bar that happens to serve above average bar food.Absolutely horrible service . There was a booth and a waitress station were open. Half of the space was condiments  at the stool/waitress station. It was not usable dining space. .I was placed there . There was a metal bar on my left. I sat down and hit my elbow on it . I couldn't lift my arm up high enough to eat . Waitress could've cared less she gave the other table away to someone else and told me to stand outside ,after I complained . I ordered crab claws as an app. The could be marinated or fried . These came  out chilled . That isn't noted on menu. Service in nola isn't the greatest , but this place thinks it's doing you a favor. Do yourself a favor keep going . The combo I ordered  wasn't  that great . The chicken was good , but even the jambalaya wasn't as good as it usta be, everything was room temp, except the chicken.Good place for a solo traveler. 
Gumbo was good. It wasn't enough to fill me up so I added on some fried okra. The sauce with the okra had a nice bite to it. The bloody Mary's were tasty and strong.
I sat at the bar, which may have avoided some of the service problems others have posted about. There was a good mix of regulars (including out of town regulars and locals) and tourists.Before going here I didn't read the Yelp reviews. I just went through almost all of 2014 reviews and the negative ones are about the service and line issues. They are all accurate. I ate here last weekend. One of the nights we passed by and there was a line. We went back on a Sunday night and there was a very short line. When we got in there were multiple open tables. The waiter seemed bothered by the couple questions I asked regarding portion size for an appetizer. We had to ask for waters. Seemed like forever to get our drinks. I had the fried crawfish dinner. It was really good. I was also very hungry. My friend, being vegetarian had the pasta with oil and vegetables. The vegetables were not cooked. She was not happy. Prior to even receiving the food, she gave it 2 thumps down. The guy had a bad attitude. 
It seems like the staff will continue to be crappy with the customers because even after all these bad reviews people keep going and giving them business. Even though my dish was good, I won't be back. There are so many other places in New Orleans that serve fried crawfish and probably appreciate my business. I have to say I'm super glad I didn't see any of those cockroaches or rats other people mentioned. I would have never gone here had I read the reviews prior.The only good thing about this place is the portion size. Waitresses/bartenders  were very rude and did not seem to enjoy working there. They continuously yelled at people to wait outside and even schooed away a man coming in to ask about catering for his upcoming wedding. I would pick another place instead of returning here.Best place (food, atmosphere, drinks) we found in NOLA!  Get the "Taste Plate" to sample several of their best dishes...Fried Chicken is fabulous!!  Also had the Shrimp PoBoy!  **so good we went there twice on our trip.
Tips: go early or outside the busy times...otherwise checkin on the inside and be ready to wait a bit (outside on the sidewalk).  We waited 10 minutes the first day and got seated right away the next...well worth the wait.Late night spot that tries to kill you with massive amounts of food. My crawfish poboy was bigger than my head. I ended up just snacking on the crawfish the whole night. I had leftovers for the hotel! Dark and nice to get away from the action for a moment.One of those places where people just wait in a line because there is a line. Not worth the wait. Seafood mediocre and chicken was good. Had to deal with waiter (not eve ours) who would come around and pet my head/hair. Eh, satisfied but not crazy about this place. Wouldn't recommend wouldn't come back.Before any big night in the Quarter or on Frenchman, I always stop by Coop's for a bite. Supreme Jambalaya is the way to go in my book. The sampler is a great choice too. I'm not a big French fry fan, but the ones here are distinct and delish.
Best of all, this place is cheap (and I mean that in the best way possible). Many dishes, Supreme Jamb included, are under $10, a deal in any city much less the middle of the French Quarter.I came here for the jambalaya. 
Ambiance: If you're a pirate or a sailor, this place is right up your alley. If you wear a tie to golf, this may not be your style. It would not surprise me if rowdy nights saw beer bottles being throws against the wall. 
Service: I went in for take out and the woman was incredibly friendly and helpful. 
Yelp says 5 stars is "as good as it gets," which describes this jambalaya. To be fair, I got it then didn't eat it for almost an hour after I walked out the door. Even still, it was that good. I have come to the conclusion that jambalaya is better than gumbo, by a lot. So naturally I wanted to find the best in town, and this did not disappoint. 
Highly recommended, must eat, etc etc. All the good stuff. Just go, get the Supreme, and eat up. Then smile.I love you, Coop's. The place can be chaotic, so you owe it to yourself to try and sneak in there on the off hours, but I've done my share of waiting outside, gazing in through the front window. I've had some inconsistent meals here over the years, but then last month, the best Red Beans & Rice EVER. The staff can be stressed and weary, but I waited tables for 10 years so I'll forgive anything. 
Every trip to town we decide we will only go to Coop's ONCE. 'Let's just go ONCE this time.' Never happens. Crawfish & Tasso pasta. Order it. It will haunt your dreams forever. 
Remember, if there is no line, it's no good. Margaritaville is right across the street if you don't want to wait in line.What a dive. I had the gumbo for take out. Not too impressed - it was a very strong, earthy flavor that I didn't love but am guessing some people do. 
They were nice, the restaurant had a nice smoky smell, and everyone says the jambalaya is legit. Maybe next time...Had the sampler plate. Wonderful. Don't miss out on the crabmeat stuffed jalapeños either. Service was kind, good and swift .
Well worth the trip.Horrible. Judah is horrible. Saying you have "snarky" service does not give you license to be an total asshole, then comp our entire bill because you feel guilty about providing terrible service, terrible food, and having a terrible manager who doesn't care about even trying to make things right with customers. Don't waste your time. Go somewhere else and actually enjoy your meal.The drinks and food were great here, but it was the delightful bar staff that really made my night. The bartenders when I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon were all hyper competent, wonderfully friendly and laid back women. They made my friend and I feel really welcome--which, in a town with as packed a bar scene as this one, really stands out!Jambalaya. I will never try anything else on the menu for fear of it not comparing to that wondrous jambalaya.I think I'm in agreement with everyone else. We ate here after getting a recommendation from a vendor at the French Market. We'd been looking for that spectacular, blow-your-mind Cajun cuisine and hadn't found it yet and really all we wanted was something that wasn't thrown together from a Zatataran's box.  Coops was a little divey, but that's just what I was looking for. It's dark and run down and the service was a little on the grumpy and ignoring us side (I got the impression that it's a bar that wants to stay local but can't and I get that) but the food was good and the place had the feel I wanted. I had the jambalaya supreme and my husband had the Cajun chicken with jambalaya and cole slaw. Neither were all that spicy but it was good, solid food that filled our bellies and got us back in the door a second time during our trip. On the next round, i had the etoufee and my husband went for more chicken, but with red beans and rice this time. Same experience- cranky staff and great eats. I will say that both times, the service improved mid-way through our meal. I really think the staff is just tired of dealing with tourists who act like chumps because they're on vacation in New Orleans. So please... Don't be that guy and ruin it for the rest of us!I'm in town for JazzFest and heard this place was good. The line started a little before I got there and I've been waiting 45 minutes for a seat for just myself. Their problem is that they have six different people popping out, grabbing people from the line and then seating them at different tables. Horribly unorganized. I can't speak for the food but the hassle is an embarrassment to the restaurant...Went based on the local people suggesting this place to us and the fellow Yelpers...
We went on a weekday and it was the lunchtime rush. The lady at the bar was friendly but promptly told us that she was short a person and one of the cooks was in jail, which was a regular occurence she said jokingly....
The food was great but I think due to the short staff...was colder than it should have been. 
This is a total dive bar but the food had really good flavor. I would try it again to see if I get a little better experience.
We had the "Taste of New Orleans" and the duck quesadilla. The taste of New Orleans was great and their Fried Chicken and Gumbo were great. The quesadilla was cold but seemed to have good flavor. 
Props to them for the English Bulldog themed items on the wall and fancy Jukebox too :)Disappointed with the jambalaya supreme. Very dry. Sausage pieces all charred. Rabbit pieces dry. 
Taste plate had great fried chicken and red beans and rice. 
The beer was cold.Best fried chicken i've ever had. wow. seafood gumbo was also absolutely amazing. 
red beans and rice- have porIt may be a dive, but its definitely a people's place. The servers and hosts are very lively people who add character to the age old establishment. Not that the place needed anymore character than it already has. 
Now of course the food. It was glorious. Literally the best Cajun food I have ever had. The fried chicken was insane. It had a thousand different spices on it. The jambalaya was absolutely the high light of my entire afternoon. It was an explosion of masterful flavor. The gumbo. Oh lord the gumbo. Perfect. Nothing more to say. Finally the Creole was terrific. Everything that I ate was amazing. The food here made my day in New Orleans. 
Most defs reccomend this place for a casual encounter with the Cajun kind.This place is amazing. There is usually a long wait, but it's worth it. This place is hidden away and easy to miss if you're not looking close enough.
I've had the jambalaya and the red beans and rice with fried chicken. Both were amazing, but the fried chicken really took the cake. Service was prompt, friendly and awesome. It's not a big place, so there's a strong likelihood the inside will be crowded.
But everything is good, it's all spiced and flavored perfectly. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Coop's is awesome. Red beans and rice with sausage may be the best I've had in NOLA and the chilly no-nonsense service just adds to the flavor of the place which is a bit of a dive. We'll be back...I have VERY MIXED EMOTIONS about reviewing this place. My problem here is the absolutely  god awful service, I would rate it as one of the worst in my dining experiences to date. 
Waiting for ever to get your order taken(app. 15 to 20 minutes). We were there first thing in the morning when they opened. We observed the locals getting their  food a good 10 minutes before us,when ours came out, my boyfriends fries were burned black and ice cold. My appetizer came out right before the meal. 
And they never cleared the table when we were finished , or brought us our check, this was after waiting a good 15 minutes after we were done eating.
Finally I got up to get the check, and the waitress immediately cleared the table, while I stood there for a good 5 minutes waiting for the bar tender to  quit ignoring me ,and give us the bill. 
At that point the waitress finally walked up, to hand me my glasses ! I was livid, she wasn't holding them correctly , and they are very expensive prescription ones. I told her I really didn't appreciate what they had done, she acted like she didn't hear me , and walked away. So , I left no tip what so ever. 
As far as the food, the chicken was very good , the rabbit  jambalaya was very good, but the food is very spicy , and my boyfriend didn't like that much at all.My friends and I had just gotten out of the House of Blues and were hungry . . . sure all southern food tastes like heaven to outsiders but we wanted a local opinion and Coops Place was a name that came up time and again. If you want to get away from some of the crowds in the streets and enjoy a nice southern meal, throw back a beer and watch whatever game was on the tv . . .this is the place to do it. Try the rabbit jumbalya . . .oh my god! Every time I go to New Orleans Coops Place is always a stopAmazing food! Best gumbo, I've had...even over the Gumbo shop! But...worst service I've endured as well. Bartenders were rude to several customers when asked any questions, as noted by previous remarks.Coops is one of the places on my list of places to send friends from out of town while in The Quarter. Can't really say enough good things about this place.  Generally great music, played loud. The staff is very Be Nice Or Leave, which  I like.  Crowded usually. Authentic New Orleans experience overall.... Also, when we tried to order the stuffed poppers, the server admitted they were the only thing on menu not made in house. The honesty was appreciated.
Everything I have ever had there has been good. They are frying experts, and obviously known for their fried chicken. I recommend going with a few people and ordering a bunch of stuff and sharing. Jambalaya is real deal, gumbo is on point.  I think it is much more difficult to write a good review than it is to write a bad one (for me, at least) so I'm just gonna leave it at this. I like good food. Coops has good food. I like Coops. You should go there. The end.The fried chicken is amazing! Throughout the rest of the night, my husband kept saying, "I wish I just had a giant bucket of that chicken!". Will definitely be going back every time we visit New Orleans.One of the best places I have been in NoLa....they DO NOT allow anyone in that is not 21 and it is true to form NoLa at its most genuine.  Mel is the best waitress every and if you don't like the place.....you are too much a snob to enjoy the best HOLE in THE WALL in New Orleans to date!!!!!!Total dive bar with some of the best eats in New Orleans. It's the kind of place that you'd expect to be swarming with thousands of tourists, but it's completely the opposite.
Went on a Saturday night around 9 and had no wait - walked right in and sat at a table! Be prepared, though: the line can be huge.
The food menu is pretty large and based on traditional New Orleans cuisine. I ordered a cup of the Red Beans and Rice and a bowl of the Rabbit and Sausage Jambalaya. I thought I was going to die - from either a heart attack, taste bud overload or the amount of food. Only order one entree, people! Unless you bring a friend who can eat as much as I can. As my profile says: I'm skinny fat. I can eat an entire pizza in a day and I still found it hard to eat everything.
The staff is definitely on the low end of southern hospitality, but Coops will be on my list of to-dos every time I visit New Orleans!As we were traveling to New Orleans, we asked people about places to eat, and everyone we ran into said we needed to stop here. We took their advice and I have to say that we were not disappointed.
The food overall was delicious and the staff here was hilarious and attentive. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal as well as the atmosphere. In the end we are happy we took the advice of the locals we were staying with and we wish we could have been here longer to try more of their menu!What an awesome find! Our tour guide Charles sent us here.
At first glance Coops looks abrasive inside, but don't let that fool you. The fact is the delicious smells will probably lure you in regardless!
We had the marinated crab claws which were fantastic, I had never had them this way and took a to go box to snack on at the airport.
The cajun green beans were delicious and I am in dire need to replicate that recipe.
My husband ate the rabbit gumbo and said it was the very best he ever had. 
Service was a little off, hence the 4 stars but I think it was because the saints game was on. So I'll be back to see if we can go for 5!Poor service. Maybe understaffed that night and the bartender and wait staff more into doing shots. Food was cold, mediocre.  Cannot understand why the line was so long. Never going back!Came here after it was suggested by a friend's friend. I ordered the jambalaya and it tasted great. Maybe it's just me, but I enjoy large portions and the portion seemed a bit small (for me at least). Still a great suggestion just not fulfilled.Just around the corner from our hotel.  Great food!   We had the Crabmeat Stuffed Jalapeno Peppers appetizer.  Yummy!  Then oysters, shrimp, and Coop's Taste Plate.  All cooked well and very tasty.  Drinks and service were great.  This is definitely a "hole in the wall", but a cut above for sure.Came here Friday around 4 with a group of 6 girlfriends! Their were so many nats flying everywhere...even before we got our food they were zooming over our table. My g/f and I shared the seafood platter and it was really good and definitely a lot of food. Another one of my g/f got the taste plate and didn't care for it at all. She only took a bite of each of the items and told the waitress that she didn't like it. The waitress asked her if she wanted something else, so she ordered the seafood appetizer platter. She liked it much better! When our check arrived, it had both meals on it. We asked the waitress about it, and she had a really bad attitude stating "just because you don't like something, doesn't mean you don't have to pay for it!" Then continued to reiterate it! She was simply rude. I eat out a lot, and have never encountered this type of experience, especially when the waitress asks "do you want something else?" The restaurant also doesn't do spilt checks so it's either pay in cash or put it all on one card just to let you guys know if you are eating there with a group. I don't plan on ever returning or recommending this place to my friends/family!Great food at cheap (for Nola) prices in a dive; this is your pick if you are hungry and want to party on while you eat! It is a musician bar and Nathaniel the barkeep is a hoot. The music is loud and so are the staff; go there with that expectation and a buzz and you will have a blast.
I had the sampler. Really surprising; these were very clean and crisp classic Cajun offerings, and done better than most. The fried chicken is excellent ; just like Nashville Hot Chicken without the hot.
The cocktails are ok, nothing inspired.We went to Coop's in 2013 for our first trip to NOLA and absolutely LOVED it and have been craving it ever since.  We just visited NOLA again and admit we were in NOLA for 2 days this past week and went to Coop's 2x!! YES - that's how much we love it!  This place is just how it's described a dive bar and you HAVE to be 21 to enter.  The staff here is fantastic, no BS, and attentive.  Get the cajun fried chicken and rabbit jambalaya - you won't ever regret it! We miss you already Coop's, looking forward to our next Nola trip!Prepare to be discriminated against if you're Asian-- yea, you read that correctly.
Me and my wife were in town for NYE visiting from California along with two other couples and stopped by here because of all the rave reviews.
The place was packed.  Everything seemed normal at first.  We placed our order with the server, Cary (his name was on the receipt-- he's the dude with a beanie and a pathetic Billy Goat goatee/beard).  
Like many servers, Cary didn't write anything down, and memorized our order.  
This is an impressive technique which many servers have mastered.  Unfortunately it requires a certain level of mental capacity in order to pull it off, and our friend Cary certainly demonstrated that he did not possess this mental capacity.
We put in 3 orders of fried chicken; 2 orders-dark meat, and 1-order white, along with some Jambalaya and a salad to share.
About 20 minutes went by, and we noticed the table beside us (a group of 4 Caucasians in their mid 20's) get their fried chicken before us.  Now this wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact that they were seated 10 minutes after us. 
We're really not the type to pull the race card, or jump to conclusions, so we didn't say anything and gave Cary the benefit of the doubt.  Another 10 minutes go by, and then the Caucasian couple beside us (who came in a few minutes after the group mentioned above) receive their fried chicken too.
At this point, we're confused more than anything.  Did Cary forget to put in our order?  
Seeing that it would take a while to get our food, we decided to put in an additional order of fried chicken because we didn't think we ordered enough food.  My Buddy waves Cary down and politely asks him about our existing order and requests an additional dark meat order of chicken.  Cary responds that he'll check on our order.
Finally Cary returns another 10 minutes later with our chicken.  He brings us two plates of white meat chicken and one dark meat.  We noticed it right away and brought it to his attention that we had ordered 2 darks, and one white.  
This Hot Shot insists that we put in 3 orders of white and 1 dark meat.  This was ridiculous since everyone at our table preferred dark meat, and the white meat order was for me.
Instead of admitting his mistake, Cary makes up the most ridiculous policy I've ever heard.  He said: "At this time, we can't take anymore dark or white meat orders.  You just get what you get."  
WTF is that??
I haven't been here before, but again, I proceed to give this incompetent idiot the benefit of the doubt, and accept the wrong order.  
We begin fuming when minutes later we overhear him and another waitress take other people's orders of DARK MEAT chicken without issue or mention of any so-called 'chicken-policy.'
Whatever.  We were over it.  
Finally we asked him for extra plates since we were sharing.  This @sshole replies with: "let me see if we have any clean plates in the back."
This Dimwit returns a minute later and tells us: "Sorry, we're all out of clean plates."
Are you F-ing kidding me?  I've NEVER heard any server say that before in my life.  Keep in mind this is at 10pm....not minutes before closing!!
We were totally OVER this place.  We weren't going to come back anyways, so it was pointless to make a big deal out of it.  We decided we weren't going to leave a tip.  
When the bill comes, of course they charged us mandatory gratuity-- how convenient.
We took the high road and simply pay the bill and leave.  I decided the only justice I could do was warn future Asian patrons of this blatant discrimination on Yelp.  
Oh, and the chicken?  It was terrible.  KFC is much better.  It was so salty that we ended up drinking several bottles of water each to dilute all the salt throughout the evening.  
Odd, that we would hate the chicken so much considering everyone else on Yelp raves about it.  But then again, we did receive our order much later than the Caucasians.  Perhaps the fine folks at Coops Place needed some extra time to prepare our 'special' batch.
Fortunately this experience did not ruin our trip to New Orleans.  
We went on to Cochon, Cochon Butcher, Luke Restaurant, Jacques-Imos Cafe, and Drago's during our trip and had excellent food, and experienced true Southern Hospitality everywhere else we went.
Come to Coop's Place at your own risk, but don't say you weren't warned-- just be sure to bring your Caucasian friend with you.We were turned away at the door for not being a complete party of three. (The 3rd party member went to park our car)
The hostess was extremely rude and frankly turned me off from coming back to coops place again. A little sad, considering I have been going to coops every time I come through New Orleans. (About 5 times per year)
No more. No need to put up with attitude in a city with so many great food options. 
Thanks coops. I won't be coming back.My first real meal in New Orleans, it was just okay. I got the combo plate which came with seafood gumbo, rabbit and pork jambalaya, shrimp creole, rice and red beans, and fried chicken. The fried chicken was just okay, i wasn't a huge fan of it. The creole and red beans with rice were okay too but I think they're just not really my thing. The jambalaya was great though; I wish I had just ordered that. At $14 pre-tax a plate, it's pretty pricey but I guess that's what you get in the French quarter. Service is pretty nonexistent. An average place, I'd only suggest the jambalaya!Dirty. Dive bar. Gross, hot bathrooms. Reasonably priced drinks. Really good food.Pretty great fried chicken and jambalaya but the staff could really improve. I literally heard a bartender yelling at customers for not leaving a good enough tip.Excellent food. The servers and bartenders were really good. The down side was that all the employees were at the bar and talking and the service was a bit lacking.  They were doing shots and things which to me is ok but they should not do it in front of the customers. But again this wasn't a big deal.  Food and drinks are excellent!  Must try the seafood gumbo!!redfish menieure
fresh homemade salad dressing
crab claws, and rabbit...
I love this place, especially during holidays, because they spice it up so much that it keeps the tourists out, and it provides for a spot where you can still get your game on, and still get the spices on it.
sure they seem surly, but thats part of the charm.  sure it seems super busy, but my favorite story about this place, was back a long time ago, my first time?  during mardi gras, and the waitress was so loaded, she forgot our food...  and so did we...
so I came back. we had so much fun.  we finally did get our food that night, but by then? we really didn't care, as we were having too much fun.Pretty divey spot with decent food. We got the taste plate with Red beans & Rice(good), Jambalaya(good but cold), Shrimp Ettoufe(no shrimp to be found), and the Gumbo(great). Friendly service and decent prices.We were visiting New Orleans for the first time, and Yelp suggested that Coop's had the best Jambalaya in town.  We decided to try it out on Sunday night, Memorial Day weekend.  When we got there around 6, there was already a line down the sidewalk.  It turns out that the inside of the place is very small.  I'm not sure it holds more than about 50 customers at a time.  We were seated and ordered: My wife had the rabbit & sausage Jambalaya - it was amazing.  But I ordered the Jambalaya pasta, and it made the regular jambalaya seem rather plain.  It was so awesome.  I would almost drive the 8 hours from Dallas just to have that again.  We will definitely return.I'm writing this review after having visited it during Mardi Gras 2015.
Don't let the dive bar-ness scare you off, this place has really good food at very reasonable prices.  I had the sampler plate and my wife had shrimp & crawfish etouffe.  My dish had rabbit and sausage jambalaya, fried chicken, shrimp creole and a bowl of gumbo.  All of it was great.  The etouffe my wife had was indescribably good.  Beer selection was good if you're an out of town visitor with a small number of local selections but if I was a local and ate here often I'd like a little more variety.  
Service was attentive, but slow.  I think I'd sit at the bar if I was going back.  Definitely worth the trek from wherever in town you're staying.Oyster po boy was great, super crispy oysters but super tender on the inside. Waitress was really friendly and kept the beer coming!I had the clam chowda,  the best I have ever had.  
Do not expect really friendly service this place is like a boot camp, you get in you order you get your food.. and it's good food..   they have signs up that say "shut up and eat"..  LOL   kind of tongue in cheek, but they mean it..  
I'd go back it was great  food.If you are looking for some authentic Jambalaya in New Orleans look no further Coop's is the place to eat!! We went there for lunch for some Jambalaya Supreme and decided to go back again for dinner for some more Jambalaya of how delicious it was and also had the Pasta Rosa. The pasta rosa was a bit on the oily side but still very delicious. The atmosphere was very laid back and so was the service. I highly recommend it to anyone seeking authentic Creole food at reasonable prices!Great fried chicken! Been here several times & one time server was rude. Besides that, great experience! So yummy!! Tip:if they ask, tell them you're 21 (even if you aren't.) They don't actually care even when it's blatantly obvious you're like 16. They just have to ask cause of the slots.Stay away at all cost!
I heard good things so I checked it out with my girlfriend. What a let down!
First of all, we had a problem from the moment we got there. After waiting on line for about 25 minutes, we were seated in the overly-crowded, dirty restaurant. My girlfriend's wallet was stolen the night we got into NOLA, so she didn't have her ID. She didn't even order a drink, so you would think that's okay. But no. The waitress said she had to be 21 just to sit down at eat! Not even the bar. I was not okay with this so I wanted to speak to the manager. The manager said we could have take out but would not let us sit and eat. So rather than letting us just wait and order, she asked us to wait in the back by the dumpster! I obliged and for 15 minutes we were swatting mosquitoes and putting up with the dumpster smell. Finally the food came, and we grabbed it and left.
We ate at a park and the food wasn't even good. The jambalaya was sweet and tangy. The crab legs were the smallest I've ever seen. And the gumbo, which should be good, was probably the worst I've had in NOLA.
This place has no redeeming qualities. Avoid it!Best crab clusters in the Quarter. Make sure you arrive early otherwise you will be shorted in the evening.Great ambiance and the food was amazing. I will be coming back to eat here for my next visit to Nola.Best fried oysters I've had in some time! Small, noisy, fun place. Fast, friendly service.Jambalaya was too dry seems that these guys do not know how to prepare it. Lamb ribs are good.Menu looked good, stood in line, staff were rude and a bunch of douchbags so moved on.Coop's is the best find in the French Quarter! Their fried crab claws are the best in the City and pair great with the real (fresh) french fries.  I am a particular fan if the crawfish and andouille pasta.  It comes with the most generous serving of crawfish I've ever sean from a restaurant.   I've also had the fried shrimp which are fresh and perfectly cooked. The batter is delicious.  The atmosphere is.... a bar that many several years ago was a horse barn.  There used to be a sweet little grey kitty that had free roam of the place but someone complained...This place like any restaurant in the Quarter is pretty freaking awesome. Of course everything is fried, and the place is VERY ghetto looking with matching waitstaff but the food was great. I guess anything deep fried would be considered delicious. Their jambalaya and dirty rice was pretty incredible though. Their drinks are expensive and tiny so you should opt to get a hand grenade or a hurricane elsewhere.A-OK. Visitors of New Orleans: stop in for a meal on a weekday, but there's no need to stand in line for half an hour or more on a busy night. The food is not THAT good. Gumbo Shop has some of the best gumbo in town in my opinion. As for the jambalaya; too rich for my blood. The best creole and cajun food, sadly (?), cannot be found in a restaurant. It's home-cooked food. But, if you don't have that luxury than you settle for a place like Coops.Jambalaya wasn't that good.  Gumbo was decent.  Not my grandma's but decent.  I sat at the bar and didn't have an issue with service.  I did notice that locals are treated better and allowed to pay with credit card.  This is probably on purpose to keep it local.The servers and bar tenders are for the most part all dicks, but that's sort of the point.  Not too good for vegetarians like me, but you can make do.  Great value, great tastes, great ambiance if you're going for the ear bleeding, dirty, dark vibe--of which, mind you, is essential to anyone's experience of New Orleans. 
If you're hungry in the Quarter and want some New Orleansy food with a local beer without paying touristy prices, come to Coop's.  Just don't use the ladies bathroom.We got there around 10pm on a Thursday and luckily didn't have to wait for the table. I and the Jambalaya with shrimp and rabbit. It was super flavorful and delicious! I also had a couple picky-eaters with me and they loved the red beans and rice. Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!How many times have I walked past Coop's Place and not stopped in? Way too many it seems and now I know why there is a often a line of people waiting to get in.
We wanted someplace near Frenchman Street for a decent but not expensive dinner. Coop's was it.
The atmosphere I am referring to is that of an old-time, somewhat beaten up and very much used restaurant/bar in New Orleans. The place was almost full when we entered and ended up sitting at the bar which is in the middle of the one room place. You might even sit at a table with someone you have never met before which I saw happen more than once while eating. The meat smokers are lined up in back of the place and appeared that they were in full use.
We had the Shrimp Creole and Jambalaya Supreme.
I want to say that the Jambalaya Supreme was the single best meal I had in New Orleans during the week.
The Shrimp Creole was ranked a close second place meal for the week.
We beat the "rush" by about ten minutes because people were lined up to get in Coop's.
The service was great: genuine, friendly and knowledgeable. Maybe I shouldn't say this but Coop's Place may be my new favorite New Orleans eatery. I don't want to wait in line the next time I go :)