A down and dirty bar that has so much character and so so much beer options.  Went to watch a pre-season Saints game and the crowd was lively and fun.  
Also bar food is not bad.  I got half and half po-boys and really enjoyed the oyster half (was too full to eat the catfish half but from the little I actually ate, it was tasty).  
All in all, a fun place to be.  Would like to be back.The service is TERRIBLE, the guy at the oyster bar was rude, i asked if i should pay now, he just kept saying " come back in 5 minutes" my son was shocked that he was that rude, i live in nola, will never be back or bring guests from out of town to this establishment!! shame on you for not even showing paying customers any courtesy, was it because we were non white customers, is this establishment racist!!!!I didn't realize Cooter Brown's had switched ownership until I walked up to order a sandwich. The fact that nothing else had tipped me off is a good sign; the new owners (who also own the Rusty Nail) aren't going to mess with what works--the interior, the oysters, the friendly staff, and the beer all **seem** to be the same.
Even the menu features much of the same great bar food. However, the options have been pared down considerably. And prices have gone up... I saw fried cheese curds on the menu and decided to set my reservations aside.
We ordered cheese curds, fries, a veggie burger, and a brie & bacon sandwich (minus the bacon). Everything was delicious, except for the burger which had something like salsa on it. Burgers should never have salsa, even if it is a black bean patty...
I was (and still am) a bit shocked and suspicious. Cooter Brown's offered something that few sports bars can offer: personality. And history. With so much changing in the Riverbend, I'm crossing my fingers that the new owners act more as preservationists than innovators.A good bar for the evening. You can get oysters half off after 10pm, which is great for seafood lovers like me. Awesome place to watch sports because of big TVs and if you're a Tulanian, you'll bound to see your friends there. The food was delicious as well, and you get to keep the glass cup!Super loud and rowdy inside early on a Friday afternoon.
Nice outdoor seating at picnic tables for those who want to avoid that. Tons of beers on tap was the positive in my book.One of my favorite establishments to go to whenever there's a game on. They have huge flat panels surrounding the area, and the bar food / oysters are delicious. There have been plenty of times my friends and I have gone here just for the food.
This is also the establishment in NOLA that has the largest beer selectionBest tasting, and best deal for raw oysters!!! Be sure to tip your shuckers. They'll shuck up to 1200 oysters in a day! They also have over 400 beers from around the world. Cooters's is a sports bar, so I wouldn't bring a first date there. :)The beer list is extensive and impressive. Fresh oysters are shucked at the bar and only $8 for a half dozen. The staff is friendly and attentive. The celebrity figures that hang on the wall holding themed bottles are worth the trolley ride alone. Love the place and have visited many times throughout the years.Taverne sympa; je n'ai pas eu la chance d'y manger mais j'ai goûté la bière à la fraise locale qui était très bonne! (pas trop sucrée!), pour seulement 3$ le petit verre (10oz)
Serveuse sympa, il y avait aussi un local avec qui j'ai un peu discuté et un groupe de jeunes
Large choix de bières, de toutes sortes! (fruitées, lager, IPA, etc..)
A essayer!Old school dive bar featuring some of the best oysters live or fried in town with plenty of TV's to catch a game. I highly recommend if your in the area. Did I mention the huge beer selection?Not a bad spot for a night at a sports bar considering what people tend to look for: large beer selection, big TV's, 'laxed crowd.
I think their beer is overpriced ($5 for a pint), but with over 400 to choose from (and 40 on tap), it can be an experience for beer connoisseurs.
Food is a ok.  I ordered the fried oyster platter ($13) which was...really fried.  Tasty, but combined with fried potatoes, and garlic bread DRENCHED in oil, i was afraid for my heart.  
Oh, I was SO mad to find out that they serve raw oysters for dirt cheap, but it wasn't on the menu.   They looked huge, so you should def order that over the fried oysters!
Another thing is that you can't order your food and drink in the same area.  Food must be purchased when you first come in, and drinks at the bar, then you have to go back and pick up your food when your number appears on the screen....a process that can be a bit annoying.
I'd come back w/ the right crowd, but def not for a date.Only been once but excited to go again. I had the bayou philly and it was delicious and big. $13 for it, but it did include seafood. Keep in mind that they usually will not allowed anyone under 21 to enter the restaurant or eat inside.Raw oysters, beer, fried shrimp, oh yeah!
The beer was super cold, with great selections. Lots of tv's and they put my Cardinals game on.  The raw oysters were perfect and shucked on the spot.  We also ordered a fried seafood platter (I'd not pay the upcharge for the soft shell crab again, they only gave us one) the shrimp was good, the fish and oysters were great and the fries were home made.  This is my kind of place!i visited with a friend(local) enjoyed the service with a smile, the food(had oysters), trivia which was fun! and the fact that if the bar cant make it, they didnt mind that i got a daquiri from across the grassy knoll...(the rest of my party were beer drinkers and they were happy with their selection! ) 
dining is very casual...darkwood booths, and open tables... and fun...on trivia night...
i will be back next time i'm in NOLA...Great place. Worth the hike out there. Too bad not many tourists make it out here. Just leave them in the French quarter getting drunk on $5 hurricane 1/2 gallons I guess.
Great oysters, great price
Great beer, tons of choice
Can't really say anything different than what everyone else says. I'm not a big sports fan, but damn that's impressive to see so many TVs.  I've never seen so many different sports games on at the same time in my life.  Like being in a Best Buy show room.
Great dive bar.  Great excuse for tourists to escape the trap of the French quarter.  Since it was pouring rain that day, we were by far the only tourists in there.  Well worth the soggy socks afterwards from all those puddles.Went here for lunch with a huge group of people. I guess there was only one cook there that day so he was a little overwhelmed. I went to pick up my po'boy and got snapped at when I asked a question. Ummm, ok. Think this was he first time I've ever been snapped at at a restaurant. So not cool. On the plus side, my oyster po'boy was very good. This place is full of Tvs so would be great to watch a game here. Not awesome service though.Great local sports bar just packed during sporting events especially football season. I am a visitor from out of town and food is delicious. They get a four store due to seating arrangments .Local Hangouttttttttt!
Go here for watching sports.  We went last night to watch Monday Night Football (Saints vs. Eagles) and loved the atmosphere.  It's got lots of TVs and great energy.  (See my pic of the TVs.  Whoa)    You'll here Who Dat cheers and lots of heated opinions on refs' calls.  FUN STUFF!!!
Now to food, yes, eat here.  I wish I would have taken a pic of the menu, but no worries.  You can pull it up on their helpful website.  Husband and I did halfsies on the "Radiator's Special" and the 1/2 Muff + a side of fries.  Nice portions.  Delicious flavor.  Quick service.  Just.  What. You. Want.  YAY!
Beer!  Lots and lots of selection on beers inclusing several on tap.  I especially love how the menu calls out which are "local".  I also love how they have a water station.  I am a water-a-holic especially when having other beverages.  I so wish all other bars did this.  I hate bothering bartenders for water.  
This place is especially cool for us now that we live in San Francisco.  It brings all the elements I love about New Orleans together in one spot.
It's solid.  Go here.Came to this place mainly because it was a 5 min streetcar ride from my place in New Orleans. I was disappointed when I came in because they didn't have there regular menu available but a limited menu because of Mardi Gras. You order your food at register, find a table, then your buzzer will ring when your food is ready. I had the buffalo wings (good), beer battered fries (excellent, I'm still thinking about them days here), and my one experience with a muffuletta was here. Now I here a muffuletta is suppose to be prepared cold but here it's hot. I also hate olives and a lot of people will say the olive salad makes the sandwich but I must admit the sandwich here is excellent and on point and a must try as well. Along with a vast draft beer selection (over 60 for sure) and the best staff I ran into period in New Orleans (and trust me I visited a lot of places) and you have a pretty good to great place.Wide selection of beers and the food is great. The buffalo chicken sandwich turned out to be slightly salty though.Nigh-incredible menu of beers, bottles, cans, and draught, but many are overpriced so be careful if you're on a budget.  The food is also great, sandwiches, fried things- typical barfood with a bit more variety than you might expect.  They deliver, too.Ate the raw oysters there twice recently at lunch and the place was full of other oyster eaters. They were the saltiest oysters on earth, and none better anywhere!!Came here in college when it had the "world's 4th largest beer selection". I recently rented a scooter (highly recommended way to see Nola) and rode down St. Charles to get there. Oysters were good. Beer selection is still huge. It's a dark dumpy bar but it's not trying to be anything else. There were a few "business" guys having lunch, construction workers on break, a few younger people. Just a good spot for a beer/bar food/oysters. I hear they have a big NFL Sunday crowd, all kinds of different teams supported.Definitely my go-to sports bar in the city. There are screens everywhere, food is good, and the beer has an extensive variety and is reasonably priced. This place has improved 10-fold since they outlawed smoking in bars. Used to be a hotbox and you would leave smelling like an ashtray, but not anymore. My only qualm with Cooters is that it isn't always the most comfortable seating arrangement. There are very few booths in the bar, which really just leaves tables and chairs. Nothing huge, but definitely not a place to go if you're looking for a quiet, comfortable viewing experience.Decided to go on my daily run the other day and lead me way down st. Charles.  I was caught up in the beautiful weather and people watching.  I said I'm new to the area and my brother had told me about cooter brown's.  I get to the end of my run and I am ready for some seafood and a cold beer.  My kind of place!! Huge televisions with my sports on and plenty of shared seating and booths.  The staff was pleasant and helpful.  I ordered a magic hat #9 and the soft crab platter along with fried oysters. Hey I was hungry! Lol. Got my food and sat at a booth and enjoyed every bit.  I am definitely coming back with a few friends to watch the games here and throw back a few.  Comfortable, great hospitality and a just plain easy getaway. Thanks so much cooter brown's and p.s. great name!Great oysters on the half shell!  We went there recently to watch the LSU game and had a good ol' time.   The Radiator Special is a poboy classic, and no review of Cooter Brown's would be complete without mentioning the wonderful artery clogging cheese fries. Drink your way around the world at Cooter's with their eclectic international selections!Great little neighborhood bar just at the intersection of St. Charles and Carrollton with easy access to the Levee and streetcar. Great for a night of beer and football or pool, they have ample indoor seating as well as picnic tables for warmer days. They have some video poker machines in the back as well as a smaller secondary bar.
I'm so glad they saw the light and banned smoking inside. This is an awesome little bar with an attached grill and oyster bar. They have a very wide selection of beers both on tap and in bottles.  I love the fact that they offer US and Imperial pints as well!
The staff were always very friendly and efficient, even when there was a line at the bar I never had to wait more than a few minutes to get my next drink refilled. 
The food is pretty standard pub fare, poboys, sandwiches, burgers and the like and is quite good. The fries are amazing!I love trying a great beer I've never heard of, and that is DEFINITELY an option at Cooter Brown's. Vince is always shucking some of the best oysters in town. LOVE the new specials and the new menu. Great game watching, too.Great Po'Boys and reasonably priced drinks.  The seating is terrible though.  It's a fun place to watch Saints games as the entire place is full and the crowd is lively.This is a great spot to watch your favorite team or to get some oysters.  The food is pretty good and they have a great selection of libations as well.  There is plenty of seating and you will never stand for long.This is one of the best restaurants for bar food Uptown. It's so delicious. The Streetcar Special is a personal favorite. Spicy grilled chicken breast with pepperjack cheese, mushrooms, peppers and grilled onions (I prefer it without onions) is a winner no matter what. Plus there's different menu items like the alligator quesadilla. Like everyone says the chili cheese fries are a must. Definitely go there. Enjoy it!Might've been good for drinks but to eat at? No thanks. 
We went here one afternoon to meet up with a few friends for dinner. Not feeling overly adventurous with their menu, I opted for the alligator sausage poboy thinking they couldn't get anything wrong with it. I was mistaken. It came out very dry even though I asked for it to be dressed. The lettuce tasted old, tomatoes and onions falling everywhere, and it came with pickle even though I requested them to be removed. The only good thing about the poboy was the sausage itself which I removed and ate alone. 
The overall appearance of the place is your typical dive bar with low lighting and an outback country theme to it. It's okay if you want to escape the day and hide in a poorly lit room that smells like a bathroom. 
Overall, I don't think I'll be heading back there any time soon.Had the crawfish special, it was awesome, had a nice spice (a beer will be required to properly wash it down). LOL! Fried pickles were also amazing. Staff was super friendly.One thing I love about New Orleans is places like this. If you want a drink go to the bar. Oysters go to the oyster bar. Food go to food bar. Lol. Great beer selection food was some of the best bar food I have had. Oysters were the best. If you can go there I would.I had been looking forward to my first Po-Boy for months before hitting the Big Easy for the weekend. I'm not gonna lie, the name of this place is what got me in the door. Must be the fact that I have the sense of humor of a teenage boy. Haha, she said cooter.
As I walked in, it had all of the things I enjoy most, an extensive selection of draft beers, cases full of bottled beers, and more than a dozen TV's with sports. The lighting was dark, which I also got a kick out of as it was 2pm when my friend and I got in there, and yet, it felt like it was 5pm and time to get the party started.
The Abita Strawberry Harvest seasonal is delicious....it's fruity without being a girly beer. Also, while in the lovely land of Louisiana, I made sure to get my fill of Purple Haze...Purple Haze....oh sweet yummy Purple Haze. After having this beer on tap, I'll never go back to having it bottled.
For lunch, I got the roast beef po-boy warm with american cheese and gravy. My friend got the Manager special which was a po-boy with roast beef, swiss and ham. We split an order of fries which were pretty solid. 
I can't say enough great things.....the food had great portion size, was gloriously delicious, and cheap!  The beer selection was enough to make me want and crave another visit. Also, it didn't hurt that in the background of NCAA basketball, the jukebox was cranking out the 80's tunes and that always makes me happy.
I was unaware you could smoke in this bar until I spotted the ashtrays on the tables. This is pretty huge that I didn't even notice the place allowed smoking because I couldn't smell it. 
Only negative about this place is the parking. My friend and I had to go 4 wheeling over the train tracks just to get a spot. We were in a Benz and we drove around forever looking until finally my friend got ballsy and decided to head over the tracks onto the lawn where many other vehicles were parked....so as long as you take it slow and easy (Whitesnake style), crossing the tracks for a parking spot is easiest route.
Next time, I'm going to get a million oysters because I really wanted to get some, but clearly, I chose beer over more food.Review only for food - Came here on a saturday around 12:30 on my hostel's employee's recommendation for local food/beers. 
I got a pound of crawfish boil for $6.50 (cheapest meal in NOLA!) and the bf got a roast beef/grilled shrimp poboy for ~$12.  He said the grilled shrimp was really good and the roast beef to me tasted sort of like a philly cheese steak. 
But my crawfish.... they were delicious!! the seasoning was really good with a nice kick. came with a piece of corn and 2 potatoes. I wish I had some bread to sop up some of the seasoned water the crawfish was boiled in. 
No frill type of place. We ordered and paid at the counter. Watched the board for our number - seated ourselves, ate, cleaned up after ourselves and left. 
Lots of tv screens for sports fans.being a foreigner, i am still amazed at the simple beauty to be found in NO.  one of my top 10 includes a $1.25 ride on the st. charles streetcar across town to cooter brown's.  after a breezy sojourn through the garden district, past Tulane and audobon park, you make the turn into the dirty south zone and cooter brown's delivers.  
prepare to be hustled at one of the pool tables and if you have any money left over, they have a gambling pit right inside the bar.  you locals may be used to this but for a californian who has to drive 10 hours to lose my money, this is an epiphany.  swinging saloon doors inside a bar put you in a cramped DMZ with video poker-type machines(i didn't actually play).  
if you somehow make it out of cooter brown's without being comatose drunk, just walk(or DRIVE) across the street to the drive-thru daiquiri bar and grab yourself 32oz. of radioactive papaya-banana-cream slush with bathtub grain alcohol for $2.50.  full service debauchery at it's finest.
JCTSFR: 0.61this is the ONE place in New Orleans i visit every time I'm blessed to be in the big easy, this is the place the makes my life a bit easier... i love the oysters (cheap and delicious), the Po' boys (OHHHHHH i love them) and the service. pitchers of beer followed by a game of pool and all of this for just a little bit of $$. SOLD.Orders were taken quickly and food was plentiful. Atmosphere is not like a modern sports bar.....but comfortable.  Beer was cold but burger was way over cooked.....very dry and over done. I will give it another go but cautiously so with burger.....po boy next time.This place is GREAT. I had the habanero wings and some fries. The beer selection is excellent and the bar tender was super attentive and friendly. The wings were the show stopper though. They were perfectly spicy and unlike most times, I didn't feel like they spice level let me down. The lady at the food counter said they were very spicy and they were. But they were also super juicy and flavorful. Will now go here every time I crave wings. They were a really good size too, not small and not disturbingly big.This was my first trip to New Orleans but I was lucky enough to have a great traveling companion who knew his way around.  I am really glad he took me here , it seemed like a place off the beaten path I would have never discovered on my own.  I was hooked on the oysters, better than any I have had in California! i love the do it yourself sauce ( I am a baby to hot food) so i could make is as mild as I wanted.
I had the Radiators Special and my boyfriend had the Roast Beef Po-Boy. Both were delicious! Like others have said, definitely try their fried mac and cheese. I liked the food so much we went back and I literally ordered the same meal!
They also have an extensive beer list. Refrigerators that take up a whole wall of assorted bottles beers. A great place to go with a large group because its an order at the register type of system and they have long tables to  easily accommodate large parties. Its also a great place to hide out and watch a game or two.Amazing beer selection. Great service. Food is always great and fast. Can't forget the raw oysters! Amazing every time I go.Are you freaking kidding me? $3.75 for a 
f$&king Miller Lite? What? Do you think you are the Ritz? Totally douchebaggery to charge that to locals. Enjoy robbing dumb college age kids. I'll never return. GFY.Fresh shucked raw oysters, every kind of liquor and beer you can imagine. What else is there to say? The kitchen serves great bar food and more. The bar side is filled with wall to wall televisions. An excellent place to watch sport games and also grab a late night bite.Ok this is really 3.5 stars, only because of the inconsistency of Cooter's (pardon the pun).
Ate there the other day and had one of the best oyster poboys I've had in town. The crawfish were still a little too salty but that could be attributed to individual taste. Keep it up guys! A couple more good meals and you'll be back up to 5 stars.The cheese fries are absolutely perfect, and the Bartender's Special is out of this world!  Yes,  it is a bar that people can smoke in.  Like most bars in New Orleans.  Knowing that, don't complain about smoke if you brought yourself there.  Let's act like adults here.
Excellent beer selection, fresh oysters, GREAT bar food, and literally any sporting event you could possibly want to watch can be televised.  MANY flat screens around the entire place and every sport package imaginable.  
Absolutely love this place and always come back for more.This is a great bar for sports watching. Our little group has been coming to Cooter Browns every year to watch the March Madness tournament for the past 10 years. They have a great variety of beers, tons of TVs and full kitchen serving classic New Orleans style fare and burgers. But the best thing about this place is the oysters! Vince, the oyster shucker told me that he has been there for over 30 years and this guy serves up the best raw oysters in New Orleans so don't leave without trying Vince's oysters!Sports bar with a TON of beer available by the bottle. Lots of draft too including Chimay (yum!). Come for $5 pitcher night and have yourself a muffalata or maybe the boudin. The muffalata is gigantic and can easily feed two or more people. Boudin is great with mustard and I'd say, "get your own!" with this one.
A dozen oysters is only $6 here so eat your fill. This place is totally worth a tourist's trek from the French Quarter on the St. Charles Streetcar to uptown. You'll eat more for less $$ and have a more "locals" experience.
-------------added 5/5/2007------------
Just came back for a visit and got 18 oysters for $12. How'd that happen? Probably because I tipped $5. :)I'm so happy that Cooter Brown's brought in a new chef and upgraded their menu! I could not eat the food they used to serve as it was incredibly greasy, not fresh and pretty much tasted like they took stuff out of the freezer and threw it in a fryer. HOWEVER, I ate lunch there the other day after hearing about the switch and have been craving the Foodie burger and loaded fries ever since. From the juicy patty to the cured pickles and house made ketchup it was one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. The loaded fries aren't your typical cheese, bacon, sour cream loaded fries. They put PULLED PORK!!, BBQ sauce, FRESH jalapeños, cheese, caramelized onions, and sour cream on them. Incredible. 
I can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items there! Also a bonus- the staff was welcoming and friendly which made the visit even better. Do yourself a favor and check it out!Very impressive beer selection, both draught and bottled, coupled with great sandwiches and oysters. Enjoyed a muffaletta, a fried shrimp & oyster sandwich, and 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell. The latter were super fresh and delicious. A great meal and excellent services from everyone from the kitchen to the bar to the oyster bar.Love the food and beer selection at this place, but I'm not sure that we will be going back there. When we visited Cooter Brown's this week, the owner was drinking at the bar and yelling and cussing at one of his female bartenders. He was screaming and cussing at her so much that it made us want to go say something to him. There's no need to treat employees that way, especially in front of customers.I had the catfish po boy and buffalo shrimp. The buffalo shrimp were GREAT! 
However the skin from the fried catfish would not stay on my fish. I don't know what their batter recipe is but it didn't produce good results. It had to eat the skin separate because it would fall apart of i did anything to it. My friend had it too and hers was the same.I really don't know where we were walking to when we took a hike to Cooter Brown's. 
Why am I walking on the streets with no sidewalks and with cars almost clip me on my side? There must be another way to walk here from Dante's Kitchen. Btw, Google Map did warn "Use caution - This route may be missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths." Trust me, this is true....
Watching Football, Drinking Beers and Eating Fried Seafood did calm me down a lot. 60 different beers on tap with some local selections I never heard of and another 400 different bottled beers from around the world............ decision and more decision.
While drinking my beer, my friend then start stuffing me with some deep fried food: Oyster! That's is much better than other pub grub I have at home!
Cooter Brown's is a great place to just hang out with friends. Not easy to get a table during game time so check the schedule before popping by.Enjoyed the experience! Ken was an outstanding bartender. Food was excellent! Will return next time I'm in town!As a N.O. ex-pat I'll stop in from time to time every couple of years or so. Cooter's was a neighborhood haunt for my gang many years back when so I know it well. Seems since the Storm things have been trying for most of the places in town and luckily this spot's got a great location so it's still here. Easy to find. Maybe too easy. 
My last visit could serve as an ad for the Mississippi Tourist Bureau.
-$14 oysters...there was a time when they'd stop selling them if they got too pricey..poorly shucked....the oyster NEEDS to be separated from the shell, only one was. Rookie mistake.
-Bathrooms haven't been cleaned apparently since my last visit..same for the tables. It's a dump and you can tell that going in but it is the 21st century. No excuse for a bar that prominent to be so poorly maintained. EVEN in N.O.La.
-First two beer brands I ordered they no longer carry...both brands I regularly get anywhere in the country at any "beer centric" bar. Both brands I learned about at...Cooter's. Makes you wonder if they're even paying attention or maybe they lost a distributor for "whatever" reason.
-Here's the big one: WATCH YOUR CREDIT CARD!!! When I tried to settle my tab the staff of 3 (only about 10 people in the place on a Saturday night) couldn't produce my credit card or bill. After 15 minutes of huddling by the register the girl tells me "it's gone". Almost like she wanted me to just pay in cash. The other two wandered away from the conversation but hovered until I said I'd just call the cops.....You guessed it, THAT got them back in gear and my card was "found" seconds later. As I was signing off and figuring a tip ( yeah, I know but I grew up in the service industry, I always give servers the benefit of doubt ) one of the staff decides to get aggressive. When I warned him to back down he made like he was gonna come around the bar at me then apparently decided better of it. After asking the girl AGAIN for my tab I tipped/signed/left.  The next day I had an interesting conversation with some goof calling himself Larry. No doubt now where the crap performance comes from. He comes off like he's never worked a day in his life. Not   a   clue. Poor Larry's so busy trying to evade the issue of his staff's incompetence and inform me of what a great place he's got he forgot to thank me for my decades of custom or my restraint with the punks he has running his bar. Couldn't care less about the apparently attempted I.D. theft. The New Orleans Police, on the other hand, were more than happy to hear about my concerns. Maybe they've heard it before. My credit card company actually showed TWO transactions from there, neither matched the amount I signed for....they took care of it.
Bottom line: If you're some neighborhood college kid who's used to dealing with half assed, petulant service, posses a robust immune system, and pay's cash it's not the worst place in the city. Burgers are good and they still have a decent beer menu. Otherwise you can find better food in a friendlier and cleaner atmosphere for less money about anywhere else Uptown.I can understand the mixed reviews about this bar.  The service could possibly get under some peoples' skin if they're expecting first class.  It's a bar, run by average people who offer 'bar' service.  
Their menu offers some very classic 'New Orleans'.  I'm not from the city, nor do I live there, but from an outsider's perspective, I know where I'll be headed for my next Bayou Philly: alligator sausage, shrimp, peppers, onions, and cheese.  I felt the menu was over-priced while waiting in line, but after diving into this dish, $10 was well worth the price.  Add a $3 side of Hot Boudin, plus a couple pints of some draft Purple Haze, and you'll find it hard to match a better lunch in New Orleans.Stopped in here for a drink and enjoyed it. The bar has a nice laid back vibe without being too dirty and dingy. The drinks are reasonably priced - $5 for most drafts - with a good selection. The real star is the kitchen - it has a wide range of awesome food. I had the house burger and while I thought it was a little dry and chewy but I still enjoyed it.Every time I come here I stick to my Reuben. I'm not one to not venture around a menu trying new things on the menu when I'm a regular at a restaurant but when a Reuben is done it, it just works! Heads up to new patrons, food ordering is not like your type restaurant, but makes sense when you see it, they do take cards so no sweating that, and the beer selection is awesome! I recommend the Czech. Have fun and enjoy!DO NOT EAT HERE. The food was SO BAD that I had to make a Yelp account just to review it to warn every one else. The people who are reviewing it and saying it's a good place to eat must be blackout drunk when they eat here because it was THE WORST food I have had while living in New Orleans. We ordered our food at 6:40 and finally around 7:45 I decided to go to the kitchen/ordering area to see what was up. Our food was sitting underneath the hot lamps and seemed to be ready to go. I asked the cook (poor thing was trying his best.... definitely not his fault and he was very nice to me) what we were waiting on and he said there was one more thing left to add to the sandwich. I decided to wait by the food since everything else seemed ready. Another 5 or so minutes passed and the food still wasn't ready. Finally I asked if I could take the plates and just come back for whatever was left, and the cook said "hold on" and grabbed a bowl from the countertop (that had been sitting there since I first approached him) and slapped on two "fried green tomatoes" onto the sandwich. I say that in quotations because you couldn't tell the difference in taste between any of our dishes.... who knew what the heck we were eating. Everything was AWFUL. We should have honestly asked for a refund and walked out. I received a fried mess of a shrimp plate, with a salad that was half olives and a quarter lettuce and onions. At first my Dad thought I had ordered fried oysters because it was just rubbery, fried crap. All of our food tasted like it had been fried in the oldest oil you could find. Please, please do not eat here. If you do, grab some fries with your beer and that's it. We will never make the mistake of trying to grab a quick, cheap bite to eat again. It wasn't even good for just bar food.Great place to watch the Saints game if you can find a seat. Definitely packed, and I wish they would have gameday specials, but we got a pitcher of beer for $15 and then split the muffaletta and cheese fries. Great bar food and tons of tvs make this a go to for any game. Now that they banned smoking, it is even better!GREAT OYSTERS! And their Blu Cheese Bacon Burger is delish! Great place to kill some time in between classes.Under new kitchen management! The food is off the chain! This is one of my late night food spots when I want a drink or two and some yummy grub, or when I want some hangover food! 
The brunch burger is to die for. I'm not usually a fried egg on a burger girl, but it's necessary from time to time. My other favorite is the bacon and blue burger. Mouthwatering! I love the pizza fries but the loaded fries with pulled pork are usually my first choice. They are perfect for sharing and they are generous on toppings, so I'm never disappointed. 
I'm generally a whiskey and Coke kinda chick but I always spring for a signature cocktail because I love the Black Pearl and strawberry basil lemonade! When it's nice out, I hit the porch but I enjoy heading to the booths in the back bar from time to time. Their beer selection is amazing and they always have new choices!Cooter Browns is one of my favorite bars. It's just simply a great bar just to go to hang out with your friends. They offer a ridiculous amount of beers on tap for great prices. Oh, and their food is also great quality. If you're looking for a place to watch a sporting event, I recommend Cooter Browns.After reviewing the menu, we were excited to try both the beer selection and the food. Sadly, the wait staff made that an impossibility since one was busy washing glasses and the other was intent on getting into the panties of a cute coed at the bar! After fifteen minutes in a limbo of non-existence, we finally left never to darken their door again!Cooter Brown's might be the best bar in New Orleans: incredible beer selection, outside seating, decent prices, bar food, plenty of TVs, oysters, and now they're no smoking. Going no smoking is such a big deal, thank you. Plus they're close to daiquiris and the fly, so if a weird bachelor party shows up in a creepy van, you have options. 
Also, they have the fancy Abita.The roast beef po boy is awesome and the house made pickles and veggies are delicious! I would definitely go back!!It's everything you can expect from a place called Cooters. The bartender was friendly, tons of great beer options. The decor is a bit outdated, but the food is good! It's definitely great for grabbing a drink and watching footballThis was the perfect place to watch the Golden State Warriors rout the Rockets in game 3 of the 2018 NBA playoffs.  They had big screen TV's all around.  Rockets fans were either too few or too quiet to be heard, even though Houston has been described as "too close to New Orleans."  They have dozens of beers on tap as well as a full bar.  The old fashioneds were good, but the catfish po boy was only fair.  Excellent  sports bar with easy access by auto or St. Charles street car.I n every town I've ever lived, I always wanted to work a local job.  I mean a job native to that town, or area of the country.  Like, working on a cheese farm in Wisconsin or a winery in Southern California.  In New Orleans I worked a tug boat on the Mississippi and on a derrick barge in the Gulf of Mexico, but I always wanted to shuck oysters at Cooter Brown's.
This Place is great.  Imagine yourself going for a bike ride on the levee or a jog around Audubon Park, then meeting up with some friends for a couple dozen oysters and a few(or many) beers at Cooters.
Speaking of beer, they have about 400 different kinds, 350 being imports and 46 on tap.  Where else can you get a Golden Pheasant from Slovakia?
Yep! Ol' Cooter Brown's... right there where St. Charles Ave. meets Carrolton.  Park out in front or by the railroad tracks.  
Watch a game on one of many big screens(nice ones), play a game of pool or philosophize with the likes of Alfred Hitchcock, Jerry Garcia and over thirty other famous dead people, all very much alive in spirit and drinkin a cold one at Cooter Brown's.Cooter Browns is an alright bar Uptown. There are plenty of other bars that I would choose over this one. 
They do have pretty decent bar food, and if you are looking for oysters, this is the place to go! Burgers are alright, but the fries are delicious! 
They do have an awesome selection of beers, bottles and draft, but they cost an arm & a leg. I think I paid $6 for an Abita last time I was there! Way to expensive to a local beer. 
Its great for watching games, because of how many T.V. are in the place. But, if its a big game, get there early to grab a seat.pretty amazing sports bar and a must for days with either multiple sporting options (i.e. Italy Spain + America's Cup + five baseball games + Tiger Woods in D.C.) or for any Sunday NFL morning.
perfect arrangement of 2 dozen TVs and multiple long low tables without walkways so you can see from the bar, and if you are sitting, no one is in front of you.
food is passable but honestly, for sports, who cares.  I stuck with the oysters (fresh and good) and the burger (good, but not the best around).
parking can be tough if you don't have a truck or SUV, but if you do, you can park about a foot from the train tracks if you can clear the curb (thank you rental SUV)Beer selection is ok.  Most of their beers are actually in bottle and there is no telling how long they've been there.  Perhaps cleaning the dust off of your bottles in the cooler would help. If you look at their online beer list its horribly outdated with beers from breweries that no longer exist.  Cooter Browns has a reputation for the "best" beer bar in the city but I wouldn't say that at all.  Maybe at one time but Avenue Pub and Bulldog dominate this place.  If you're looking for oysters and a decent pint though I would recommend this place.  BUT if you're looking for top beer bar in New Orleans just stop down at Avenue Pub.Jumped off the streetcar to grab a bite to eat - first time at this place. Nice place and pretty darn good food! We ate outside on the covered porch. Good , convenient place to stop along the trolley line. Judging from a look around the interior, it's probably a fun place at night! We will try it next trip.Massive beer selection and solid food. 
Favorites are: raw oysters, Nola Philly, Bayou Philly, and Grand Isle Philly.Good bar food. Over 100 beers
I recommend the wings and beer of course. 
Lots of large screen flat TVs for the game.So we dropped in for a beer and to catch up on the Saturday football scores.  The beer was cold, the cheese fries were hit and the TV screens were everywhere!  It's a funky little spot perfectly suited for tossing a few cold ones with friends.Now walking in here you'd think that you found a fantastic spot to have beers, watch the game, and get out of the heat.  Food would be an afterthought.  Well trust me, come for dark bar and beer, stay for the food.
Came here with my wife and her parents on a Sunday.  We were visiting and really wanted to grab some po boys at Parkway (our favorite) for lunch but they were closed due to flooding.  My father in law recommended this place. I had tried to come years back on football Sunday which was pretty near impossible since it was so crowded.  But 12pm Sunday in early August we were the first ones there.
There are no servers so you order and pay for what you want: food off to the right; drinks at the bar and oysters farther down the bar. The food menu is excellent bar food with a New Orleans twist (including po boys, alligator and boudin balls).  The special was a housemade "hawt"sausage po boy, which definitely beckoned myself and father in law, wife went with fried shrimp, mother in law the catfish.  They only come in one size (8") but I found that to be more than enough.  Also had to get an order of hand breaded (rather than frozen) mozzarella sticks.  We placed our order at the counter; while waiting for food I got a dozen raw oysters.
$16 for a dozen oysters in Nola is somewhat pricey - but they were a great size and expertly shucked, each one just slid right out.  They have the necessary condiments for making your own cocktail sauce, but I'm just happy with a dash or two of Crystal.  They were just what you wanted on a hot day: cold, clean and that perfect briny flavor from Gulf bivalves.  I was somewhat perturbed sharing some with the table...
Food was ready relatively quickly and we were excited. Shrimp po boy was overflowing with shrimp, and the sausage topped with cheddar just what I wanted.  The mozzarella sticks
were quite large...think we ordered too much.
Po boys: the toppings (fresh tomatoes, housemade pickles) and of course Leidenheimer bread. The sausage while dressed didn't have a sauce on it, so I added some mayonnaise.  While the fat from the meat and cheese was probably enough I thought it was a bit dry, they mayo just helps with the overall flavor.  Well I made a fantastic decision.  Each bite of the po boy was fantastic. The sausage was a loose grind and was had great heat (I believe from paprika and cayenne) and the cheese complimented it perfectly.  The fresh veggies and the pillowy French bread, it was just what I wanted in a po boy. The fried shrimp on my wife's was excellent as well: just a great light breading and not greasy at all.  Lucky for me she couldn't finish hers so I had to make sure her plate was clean.
The mozzarella sticks were probably overkill since the sandwiches were very filling.  But they were fantastic as well, hand breaded always makes a difference.  They were nice and gooey (came with a great marinara sauce).  When a bar shows that much care to an appetizer it is usually a great sign for the rest of their menu.
Yes many probably come here for the huge beer selection.  But I will come back for the food.Found this place by accident. It's the perfect sports bar that serves oysters. The staff is super fun and the entire vibe is light and upbeat. I'd come here daily if I could.Cool little sports bar with a nice laid back atmosphere. They have two separate bars - one has a relatively standard selection of beers and liquor and the other in the back is loaded with craft beer of all kind and the bartenders were fantastic. I asked for a good beer recommendation and she brought me two or three samples of what I was looking for and had really good knowledge of what was on tap.
Be aware that everything is self service - bar and food service, but the food was very good. The kitchen has everything from your typical bar food to oysters to good sandwiches. The cheese fries were delicious and they were loaded with a ton of melted cheddar cheese, not that liquid cheese crap some places use. 
The atmosphere is fun. They have all these little caricatures on the wall of famous actors and politicians and athletes and whatnot that are cool to look at. Lots of tvs in the bar, enough for everybody's game to be on. 
Overall I definitely recommend and would go again!I really want to give this place a better rating but I just can't. 2 stars go to the bar and atmosphere. Great for watching a game, hanging out with friends, and drinking beer. The food is a disgrace. The people that think their cheese-fries are good must have been really drunk. They are dry and the cheese is always burnt. Ick! I got food poisoning from a catfish po-boy and was extremely sick all night long. I called the kitchen manager to let them know that their fish was bad. I thought I was doing the right thing so that nobody else would get sick. I was polite but felt like he needed to know. HE WAS SO RUDE! He insisted that it couldn't have been from his food and they they get their fish fresh every morning. He told me that I was wrong and hung up on me. 
That was the only thing I had eaten that day so I know it was from them and I highly doubt that dump of a place gets fresh fish as often as they say. The kitchen is filthy and the food is sub-par. 
BEWARE of the seafood. I will never eat there again. I'll probably still go to the bar, though :)