It's a good bar.  They have a great jukebox and always have the local games on tv.  The bar tenders are really knowledgeable and offer a wide arrange of drinks.  The food is nice as well and not too expensive.Came here a few times, looking for a late night place in the French Qtr, like around 1am.  Being on CA time (2 hour difference) you tend to get hungry late at night. Most places open in the area have just fast food and burgers, so fortunately Copper Monkey has a decent looking gastro pub menu which hits the spot. 
Service is pretty much what you'd expect.  It isn't a classy restaurant, so don't bring a first date here.  The food is surprisingly good at 2am though.  Not just the same french fries and nachos.  We had the gumbo, shrimp po boy, crawfish hushpuppies, jambalaya, and fried shrimp. We went about 3 times, so this wasn't all in one sitting. It was all good and I'd definitely go back after hours.  They also have a good selection of beer.  Located close to Canal and Bourbon.Great staff and bartender. They made my wife a custom drink she knew the ingredients to. She was quite pleased. Had some simple bar food that was as good as it could be. Bartender was great to talk to as were the patrons and other random guests. Great place to end a night of partying.Awesome local spot!  Such friendly staff and amazing food.  Make sure to get the crab bites and gumbo.  So delish!  Also one of the only bars that carries rajun canjun beer on tap.  Great experience!Came early in the night.
Super nice bartenders who took the time to talk to use thoroughly about absinthe. First try of the stuff here, real tasty
Jukebox was an electronic one which we had an iPhone app for allowing us to select songs. Pretty small place but super chill in the early evening.It's true that almost any food tastes better when you're hungover. Regardless, I'd say our first visit to the Monkey was very impressive.  It's a small, comfy, clean bar with a little bit of a divey feel.  Decent beer selection including several Lazy Magnolias on tap.  Wasn't in the mood for absinthe, but impressed with their selection of those too.  
Mrs. Pickles had the fried oyster poboy. Not huge, but very tasty. Mr. Pickles (who was the real hungover one) had the ribeye quesadilla. I believe the the words I used when I saw the cook on our way out rhymed with "ducking blossom, man".Let me start off this review by saying that Megan is our favorite bartender in New Orleans!!!  Super knowledgeable and friendly!  We didn't have any food but the atmosphere was great, drinks were on the money, and again, bartender was excellent!!!  Thanks Megan!!!Bartender was rude. Kept hitting skip on the TouchTunes box when people were paying for songs. Overall a terrible experience for a bad bourbon street bar. Would never spend any money here againOne word- Monkey Buns....just get it- OMG!!! Hot beignet right out the fryer, stuffed with banana  and a decadent  caramel sauce, covered in powdered sugar - it is pure heaven! So happy we ended up deciding to go for it. Although  piping hot, we just couldn't stop eating them-yes, they're that good....just get itFood is great but the woman bartender with dark hair, looks emo-ish, is always rude. Never picks up the phone to do orders. Makes an excuse every time I see her as to why she can't take an order. Or on the very rare occasion she does pick up the phone, she still can't take an order. 
Food is amazing which is why I'm disappointed that the stuff never has it together. The kitchen does, though.Went here last night to try out these Monkey Buns. 
I'm not sure why anyone was intimidated to go in here; it seems pretty normal. It's actually really well-lit and not crowded. The only thing that's off-putting (as a female) is that me and the bartender were the only ones. But, she totally didn't care and got on with the customers as if she didn't even notice, which put me at ease. 
In about 10 minutes these things came out and for some unexplainable reason, the beignet packaging isn't hot but GOOD LORD THOSE BANANAS ARE PIPING! Sadly, they didn't live up to my expectations. I LOVE the idea of banana stuffed beignets but  I was expecting to see actual mushy bananas in there, not some brown unidentified goop.
Either way, the bartender was sweet and the place seemed fine. If I'm ever in the mood for round two, I'll go back.Great burgers...1/2 lb of beef severed on a great bun. Plenty of Shrimp on the Po Boy. Great and friendly bar tender, Zoe. A definite stop for drinks and food.Must try the monkey buns!! Beignets filled with banana and chocolate powered with sugar.This place was great! We stopped in here on a Tuesday night! Not busy at all but we had stellar service! The drink was amazing (came in a fish bowl) and our food was amazing! They have such a wide variety from New Orleans cuisine to your all American food. I had the Caesar wrap... Yum! Warm and perfect. The cook brings your food out and is such a sweetheart! My boyfriend had the club wrap and his was great too! We love our food and will definitely be back to try the gumbo and jambalaya which looked irresistible! Definitely try this place!So I just rolled into town, not knowing anyone. Next thing you know, I was overseved, but no fault of their own (or mine), the hospitality was next to none! Be sure to ask for John!No better place to get a cheeseburger at 5am in the French Quarter! Staff is friendly and maintains a great sense of humor despite the late night Bourbon Street crowd. It seemed to attract lots of local service personnel as well, so that was an excellent sign. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the Quarter!Good food, slow service. Bar tender was great when we arrived and got drinks right away, but ordered food and after 30 minutes waiting had to ask and they hadn't even started it yet. Food was good once we got it though, so may be just an off night for them.Went on St Patty's night and the only bartender was trying to take food and drink orders (including window customers).  Felt bad for the guy but he had  great attitude.  Laid back bar/grill with a good selection of food and drinks.  Stuffed mushrooms are huge and worth the wait. We had hamburgers and both were cooked correctly. Food did take awhile to get and we ended up going to bar and ordering drinks after first round but again that was no fault of bartender.Great little treasure in New Orleans. Try the Shrimp Creole cup - you won't regret it! Service, food, and drinks are great - make sure to stop here when you're in town.I attempted to order for from the bartender who told me his name was Zack. He was EXTREMELY RUDE for absolutely no reason. I cancelled my order solely because of himGood spot for a drink. Pass on the food.....at least the po boy and gumbo.I cannot say enough about this place! If I could give it more stars I would. When looking at it, this looks like a typical New Orleans French Quarter bar. But then I ordered the Hurricane. THE BEST HURRICANE EVER! Be careful because they are lethal. After two, you might start flirting with the nice lamp post down the street. Make sure to ask them to make it by hand. The premade ones are not as good. The bar staff is wonderful and the clientelle is laid back and very good. I have not had the food there and you need to order at the bar. But it is a great place to while away an hour or two. I would highly recommend it!Best monkey buns ever! True to a monkey bun, they'll leave you wanting more. The owners here are so nice. A must stop on your way down bourbon.Zach is the best bartender ever. He has the best beard and he deals with you regardless of your state. Also your food can be given to you at 2am. The bar is not ADA accessible and the food is basic greasy drunk food which will get you to where you want to be. Water is free and Zach will talk to you the entire time. The ambiance is nice with Christmas lights and good service. Good place to rest your head on the wall while you've drunken too much. You have locals who give you background noise with super hipster vibes. Food is good.Yeah it's a dive bar that's open til the sun comes up, but my wife and I had a great chilled-out lunch here with delicious food and perfect service. Zoë was wonderful and the food came out hot and fast.I'm seeing a trend with the reviews of the Copper Monkey- it seems everyone just "Stumbles into" this place...and that's exactly what we did...Mardi Gras night 2006...needed food while we waited for midnight to watch the police some down Boubon...walked down Conti, peeked in, saw an empty table and headed in. We ordered a bunch of food, including the nachos and some drinks. The nachos are really really good. Or else we have been really really hungry every time we have been here! It's become a tradition to hit the Copper Monkey late night every trip since  for some nachos. The bar staff is friendly, and the service is pretty quick. 
It's a bar. It's clean and there are a few tvs. There is a back patio room, but we have never sat back there. My husband and I watched one of the Saints play off games here in January and had a great time with a bar full of Saints fans!  We had the burgers and they were really good. 
Of special note is the wings. We are from NEPA where we have so many bars that have really good Buffalo style chicken wings. We have searched high and lo in NOLA to find some decent wings. (as we plan to move there, we can't live without wings!). Our search has been unsuccessful as every place that makes wings down there breads them! Wings are not breaded! Well, we were happy to find that the Copper Monkey does them right! They were nice sized, crispy and drenched in wing sauce!  
I hate to even do a review on the Copper Monkey as it seems to be a nice little French Quarter secret. We've always been lucky to get a table and have brought friends here several times. It's a hidden gem.....Great little place off the beaten path in the french quarter. Big fan of the chicken ceasar wrap and the amazing monkey bun. Good drinks at good prices. Cozy comfortable place with good ppl.We came here for lunch on our last day in town, and the food was awesome.  Blackened shrimp po'boy, club sandwich, and crawfish etouffee; generous portions, served hot and perfectly seasoned. My only issue was that the bartender was kind of obnoxious. Imagine Hannah from "Girls" but way, way louder. (I'm mere inches from you hon, you don't need to shout in my face). That being said, I'd definitely go back again.On our first night in New Orleans, my friends and I went to checkout Bourbon Street like everyone else that goes to New Orleans. It was early on a Thursday evening and we were getting hungry. We saw a restaurant on the corner and there was a huge line. We were like, "screw that" and instead walked into the Copper Monkey right next door. We were all very surprised that they had amazingly delicious food and local beers! We didn't have to wait long for our orders to come out. It was a great place to chill and escape the madness! Definitely recommend stopping by here!Fantastic little bar and best Absinthe drink I've ever had! They make it the traditional way with the sugar cube and everything...definitely worth the drink. ;)The poboy was seriously on point. I've been trying poboys all over and this place does it justice. It's for sure a hole in the wall but I will most definitely be back!This bar is located a bit off Bourbon Street so it's not as crowded or rowdy. I came here because it was one of the last bars still open late at night with food. We split an order of nachos which were huge, but delicious. The bartender was nice and attentive. The atmosphere was snug and cozy compared to the crowd on Bourbon Street.Their burger is easily as good as Yo Mama's and more consistently made correctly. I like the shrimp creole here too. Bartenders are attentive. The vibe is touristy but not overly so. The banana stuffed beignets magically cure hangovers. They have a wide variety of absinthe and a dripper setting them apart from most area dive bars.Went here with my boyfriend to grab a bite to eat. 
Loved the enviroment. Food was great. Average bar prices from what I have noticed. The burgers are excellent!We went to this place on recommendation from some of the local staff working on Bourbon St. It's just off Bourbon St, so you can step away from the madness and get right back when you are done snacking. It's open pretty late too, when a lot of other nearby kitchens are closed. 
The food was okay, nothing great. My wife tried the Shrimp Etouffee and she was kind of disappointed. It may have been just the one time, but she and a couple of other fellow guests found it too salty. My burger was decent, not too bad or too great. Just your average bar burger. 
The real kicker was when we tried the monkey buns, it was SO UNBELIEVABLY GOOD. It totally made up for our average food experience up until that point.The wife and I came here on a whim.  The food was incredible!  The Whitney special is amazing.  I had the red beans and rice and the jambalaya.  I loved them both.  Bartender/server was super nice.  He checked on us 4 or 5 times and chatted with us.  He told us they deliver locally.  Give this place a try.Spectacular. I'm sad to say the first time I walked by it on my way to the tourist trap next door. I wish I had more than one meal here. Jambalaya, Étouffée and beignets... There's a lot of love pouring from the kitchen. Wash it all down with a drink of Absinthe from the lovely bartender. 
Don't be shy, it's a small place, with fabulous kitchen.Irish bar tender is Awesome!!!! The peanut butter burger MUST have!!! And the money bun are to die for!! Definitely a MUST go when visiting NOLA!!!Peanut butter hamburger was great!  Monkey buns make my taste buds happy.  Some of the friendliest service I've had in New Orleans.When I order a cheeseburger at a restaurant, I usually eat half of it and save the other half for later.  This was not the case for the Copper Monkey, because I ate most of it! Order the BBQ burger with cheddar and tator tots as a side!Good food, slow service. Bar tender was great when we arrived and hot drinks right away, but ordered food and after 30 minutes waiting asked about it and they hadn't even started it yet. Food was good once we got it though, so may be just an off night for them.This is a pretty solid little spot to grab something to eat whether it be lunch or something late night. They've got a ribeye there for $20ish that I've ordered at 3am and at lunch and it's better than a lot of places that call themselves a steakhouse. Reasonable priced drinks and friendly service make the copper monkey a great place to hang out or just grab a quick bite.This is our favorite New Orleans bar...and we went to a few! Megan the day bartender is amazing.  It's a tough bar to tend and she did an excellent job with excellent service, great communication and a smile. For me the smile was a bonus! the IPA on tap was fresh and good, the gumbo was the beat we had... Reginald was cool preping and serving. For us these kind of place are all about service and this was the best....but be cool, understand where you are and RELAX...you will enjoy this place!Delicious food with great customer service. It's a bar that serves restaurant quality food and amazing taste. Oyster Po'boy, shimp Creole, Crawfish Etouffee and Gumbo are a must try!Don't be fooled! It looks like a dive, and, it is...but, the food is stellar! The andouille sausage is the best I've ever had, and, I like the sausage ;) 
The Whitney, which is a drunk's heaven, was truly deelish! The gumbo is hands down, fabulous. Red beans and rice very good. The beans were just the perfect consistency. Service, got-dang spot ON! Trust me, you will NOT be disappointed!Great please to grab drinks and or grab a bite to snack on. The bartenders are great and drinks are the best! I have been going to this place for over 8-10 years. Love it!Happened upon The Copper Monkey after long days of drinking. V was our bartender and The Whitney Special was our salvation......So that we could continue on with the drinking of course super awesome place to relax and then get back to it  .The service and hospitality is phenomenal!  The bar tender is from France.  The best drinks and food in the quarter!  Plrase visit this venue!I'm sorry, why do you even have a Touch Tunes jukebox if you are going to turn it off as soon as I've played a song? Rude!Literally, the BEST shrimp creole I've ever had! My husband and I have toured all around New Orleans and have eaten pretty much everywhere. From 'high end' to not so 'high end' and this place has THE BEST shrimp creole!! We've been there 3 times....in our 4 day vacation stay in New Orleans. We love it! Highly recommend it!Nice little dive bar. Food was a total surprise. I got the bleu cheese burger with bacon. Was good. Friend got a salad that looked really good and fresh. What stole the show was the monkey buns, which were beignets with banana foster filing. They were awesome!!We were staying a hotel on Conti Street and looking for a good bar that wasn't on Bourbon Street.  All we had to do was walk out the front door turn right walk 10 steps and turn right into the Copper Monkey.  The staff is glad to see you and will make any drink you ask for even if it is a Bloody Mary at 2am. We ended every night there and started to feel like a local by the third night.  The food is great and perfect at the start of your day or the end of you evening.  Stop in for one and you will stay for many.  Enjoy the music, drinks and food.Jeepers! Great bar open all night with exceptional grub. The whitney mashed potatoes and monkey bums (beignes with banana) are to die for.
One of the best around town.Great service and great gumbo! We didn't see any pics of gumbo, so we were hesitant to order it. The bartender recommended it and the shrimp creole in the New Orleans section, and the gumbo did not disappoint! Loaded with smoked sausage, chicken and okra = YUM! Also enjoying the classic rock jukebox.Food is fantastic and prices are fair. We got a shrimp po boy, the copper wrap and the mash potatoe bowl app and they were all delicious and came out fast and hot. The only detractor to this place is the bartender, who you have to order threw and couldn't be bothered to deal with me for about 10-15 mins because she was talking to friends. I get it if it's busy, but she literally kept looking at me and I then back to her friends despite me obviously seeking her attention. Then when she did start my order she walked away twice, seemed to struggle with the computer and then eventually just pseudo passed me off to the doorman to give my order. 
All in all, good food, not dirty, and can serve as a quiet reprieve from the craziness of Bourbon but that bartender...Just off Bourbon.  Copper monkey is a great place to jump off and grab a snack and a drink. Great burgers, and the shrimp etoufe is off the chain! Order at the bar and enjoy this quaint frendly hole in the wall!They do make some pretty amazing bar food and it would the best bar food in town if they actually came out before an hour.
We flew into New Orleans so late that by the time we checked it to our hotel, it was already 10 pm. So we decided to find some food and this place had pretty good review and they were one of the fews that still had food. We sat in the bar and order drinks and food. The drinks came out quickly but the food (3 items) took more than an hour and half to come out. After a long day of traveling and being hungry, it wasn't a pleasant experience waiting for such a long time for food. The bartender apologized and gave the excuse that they were doing shift change. However, we only got that news after 30 minutes in of waiting. Also when we first sat down, another table actually asked about their food as well.
Maybe it is the shift change or it could be that I keep seeing the cook walking outside to talk on the phone several time.Great service and decent eats. The crab cake bites were scrumptous as was the remulade that came with them. If you enjoy a good burger, the blue cheese one is the way to go. So much blue cheese topping on the burger, it looked like cottage cheese! Delicious, but very messy. It was definitely a 3 napkin burger! The shrimp po-boy was average, and the tots we ordered with both sandwiches were a tad over-salted. The bartender / server was attentive.Some friends and I were trying to find a place one night and stumbled into Copper Monkey. We were so hungry we were willing to eat anything, even though we heard warnings of eating at dive bars in NO. They are the exemption. Food was awesome, Atmosphere was awesome, the pretty bartender was awesome. After the Erin Rose, this is my 2nd favorite bar in NO.We stumbled in here purely by accident.  We were glad we did.
The atmosphere was cozy; the lights tastefully dim.  The bartender, Lorna, was busy, but still found time to be cordial and conversational.  
My Po' Boy was pretty dog-gone tasty.  I did not expect this from "bar food."  We also ordered a club, which seems like a ridiculous thing to do at a bar, but it, too, was fresh and delicious.  
Our drinks were refreshing and "generous", if you nomsayin'.   
All-in-all, a very good experience!Total lifesaver! We were out for Halloween fun when I started realizing I was pretty hungry. Being the good Yelper that I am, I had done my research ahead of time and bookmarked some quick and cheap food spots where we could grab a bite to eat.
We found ourselves at Copper Monkey fairly early, all things considered- 6:30. We sat at the bar and looked over the menu. I knew what I wanted immediately- the Copper club wrap with pasta salad sounded divine. Don't you just love a place that offers more than just fries on the side? The wrap came packed with ham, turkey, swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, bacon, avocado and mayo. WOW. They were super generous and I was more than happy with the serving size. The pasta salad was delicious as well and had tomato and artichoke in it. Artichoke is one of my faves, so I was really happy. For $11.50, this meal was not only a deal, but it hit the spot as well. My boyfriend got the burger and he raved about how good it was, so that's worth trying if you are in the mood for meat.
Copper Monkey is definitely worth checking out if you are in the area and want a quick bite to eat. They serve more than typical bar food and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming.GREAT food for a drunken fix! 
Love ZACHARY- he's the bar tender that served my bachelorette party! He was super kind, polite, and attentive. Thanks for a great experience. 
recommend the GUMBO! They serve it with okra which was so Delish!The service was horrible. The bartender ignored me and my friends and served people that came in after us until we flagged her down. She then condescendingly took our IDs and ignored us some more. The food was pretty gross, I guess they're used to super drunk people eating the food so they don't try too hard. They didn't give us silverware for the food, and when we asked the bartender rolled her eyes once again. My friend ordered gumbo and didn't get a spoon... But she was too scared to ask for one after our bartender was so rude the first couple times, so she just attempted to eat it with a fork. Honestly, there are so many better places in NOLA to eat, skip this place and go elsewhere!Always a staple stop while in Nola. Everything I have ever tried at this grill had been excellent.  Great staff.. Always recommend.Super good! We were only in New Orleans for three days and this was the first place we tried and the best place we tried on almost the whole trip! Food so good we ended up here a second time. Also nice way to beat the heat and the crowds without having to walk too far.So we stopped in for a break from the heat and to grab a quick bite to eat. We grabbed a pub table for 4 across from the bar. We had to go up to the bar to make our order. I had the oyster po boy and it was very good. The oysters were not too chewy and the food came out hot. I also tried a cup of gumbo and it tasted great. The food came out quick and they had a large selection of local beers. Prices weren't too bad eitherHad delicious etouffee. Loved the atmosphere. Friendly service. Wonderful place for a quick, but not too quick lunch.So, the bartender was sweet, the fried stuffed mushrooms were really good, the baby roach on the bar was not good.  I know most places have them but not babies crawling on the bar.  If they get the roach problem under control, this is a 4 star bar with great pub food.Best burger in NOLA!  This is a cute swanky little bar just off Bourbon!  Loved every minute we spent there!Had dinner here because it got great Yelp reviews. We are not seafood lovers and this place had enough alternatives for us. Another couple was just getting up to leave and gave us their seats at the bar. They recommended and RAVED about the amazing spaghetti and meatball dinner special. After I heard that I REALLY wanted spaghetti but hubby had his heart set on nachos. They were so good! Cheesy and loaded with toppings with large chips for scooping. Definitely enough for two. The bartender was very friendly with a big, pretty smile and she took great care of us. We also got the banana beignets (Monkey Buns) and they were AH-MAZING. Only drawback for us was the very loud hard rock music, but hey we are old and it IS a dive-y bar in the French Quarter so I get it. Beer on tap selection small but good variety.Amazing! The service was really good. It's a very small place, and you would think that the place wouldn't have good food. However, it's amazing. You get a lot of food for a great price. Next time I am in New Orleans, I fully plan to go here again.great bartenders and cooks! I work in the french quarter and come to the copper monkey after work and order a veggie quesadilla no mushroom and it's my favorite!I am not giving 4 stars because it was late and they were willing to cook me food.  I will warn you this is a local flavor joint and ....not Disney.  Nobody is going to polish your bottom here.  It's a pub and like most pubs I have been in around the world, it is for grown ups who can fend a bit for themselves.  I loved the food.  The door dude was fun and friendly the bartenders were polite and helpful, but it wasn't the girlfriend experience some folks seem to want.  There was a VERY loud drunk woman who occasionally yelled at the TV and anything else that she fancied, and everyone was cool with it.  It was Mardi Gras and 1:00 am and they were working their butts off.  Creative local menu with some fun oddities.  If there was any low seating it would be 5 stars, I am short.  A real Gem, make a point of stopping in for some real local charm.Great dive bar! Have been 2 days in a row and Vee was bartending; she not only makes great drinks and is totally personable, she gave us the low-down on where to go... and where to avoid. Great little place to chill and the food is good too!We went in for beignets and "monkey buns" after dinner and I have to say the beignets were every bit as good if not better than Cafe Du Monde. I had never had a monkey bun which is a beignet with bananas foster inside. They were also delicious. We will definitely go back next time we are in town. And Lorna the bartender took great care of us.Good food late. I think I ate around 2am. Got a sampler of Jambalaya  (good), gumbo (ok), but the red beans were great! Also the Abita root beer was delicious. Seemed like a spot for Bartenders and food industry ppl to close out the night.Stopped in for a burger on a Tuesday night, not too crowded. Great burger, thick and cooked to order. Everything on it was fresh. The pasta salad instead of fries was absolutely awesome. Had pasta, fresh cut tomatoes AND artichoke hearts!!!
Reasonable price and good service. Will go back for sure, they had Lima beans & smothered sausage for special, but didn't notice till after I ordered the burger.Bartender, Lorna, has a major attitude that needs to be adjusted. I ordered two beers and paid my bill and then when I walked away and left my tip she said out loud in a sarcastic way "gee thanks". Look here sweetheart, you opened my beer...not make me a cocktail or performed open heart surgery. The fact that I gave you something you should be grateful and not a stubborn worker. Will not come back at all!Good drinks, tasty apps, awesome bartender.  We had a great time here after stopping in on a whim.  The bartender was friendly, helpful, and kept his cool while managing a busy bar.  If this place were home, I'd be a regular.One of my favorite places to go have a drink and not be bothered by tourists...
The bartenders are great and the food is definitely great, especially if you've been drinking. 
My one complaint is this: the kitchen guys do not wear gloves or hairnets. I saw one of them using a mop and then stuck his bare hand in a bag of fries, then drop them in the oil. Thank goodness I didn't eat any fries that night...