The service is awesome...staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Go check it out! Tried the deviled eggs...Devine! The fig and goat cheese, serrano and margherita flatbreads were delicious as well.New and cool spot in downtown New Orleans!
Great variety of wines and local beers. Great food menu. We had rosé and white wines, ordered a burger and a club sandwich. Everything was made to perfection! Our server Paul was AMAZING! He made our experience even more enjoyable ! Favorite new spot !We went here before a concert. It was super busy. The service was sort of slow. Lots of confusion with drinks and food. We were dropped food that wasn't ours multiple times while we wait for our own orders. My cocktail was pretty gross. The fig and goat cheese flatbread was very good and so was there flank steak.My friends and I had a great meal at Copper Vine. The space is beautifully designed and welcoming. The staff was friendly. They just opened a week ago, and it was evident that they are still working out the kinks in timing as service was a bit slow at times. Still, they were attentive. Additional lighting outside would be great as it was tough to see our food. 
We enjoyed the deviled eggs, duck fat fries, and the Brussels sprouts to start. The sprouts were the star. I had a good soft shell crab special, and my friends sung the praises of the pork belly and short rib. My husband had the gnocchi and it was so good, I ended up having several bites of his. Definitely recommend this dish. 
We loved the variety of wines available on tap and the option of a half glass which enabled us to try a bunch of different types. 
Bonus points: gender neutral bathrooms and comfortable outdoor seating. 
Overall, we had a great time at dinner and would absolutely return!What a great concept! 38 wines on tap, oh yeah! This is a fantastic spot for those looking to learn/explore the world of wine. They have a very versatile wine list...the staff was very warm and welcoming...eager to share their passion for wine. I'm just hoping this crew opens a location in Houston! Ask for Mike at the bar...friendly and knowledgeable!Our waitress Rose was amazing. Made me feel like this was my home bar. Great drinks and food!Best place in the CBD. Rolled in rough around the edges but Rose saved our lives. She gave us the perfect recommendations and kept the drinks coming and us laughing until we became whole again. Love that spot and will definitely try and get her as our server on our next visit!So the waiter was great, the atmosphere was GREAT the red blend copper vine wine was GGRREAT! Here comes the let down, the food...
I was shockingly disappointed.  I'm obsessed with escargot, naturally I ordered the escargot flat bread and I sweat they soaked them in some form of very tart citrus juice.. it was so bad 20 minutes after we left I still could NOT get the overpowering taste out of my mouth, it was so bad I got 3 ulcers from the acidity... and duck fat fries, they legit tasted NO different than hot fries from McDonald's, SAD
I'm still going back for the wine the atmosphere and next time I'm going to try the BRUNCH MENU! Come on copper vine let's get this food on point!I have been here twice, and will continue to come again and again! Very perfect setting for an Instagram-worthy photo session, girls night out, romantic date night, or simple catching up with family and friends. What is very unique here is their complimentary self-serve popcorn with different spices/ flavors to add on top! 
Their main courses are also off-the-charts! I highly recommend their brussel sprouts as an appetizer! They are so crispy and the aoili dip compliments the flavor very well. I also recommend their gnocchi for any carb lovers out there! The mushroom pasta was particularly my favorite, however, my friends stated it was slightly salty. 
Their milky way dessert display was beautiful but was it worth the cash? Not really. It was okay. Very tiny cookie bites spread around a big dish mixed with assorted chocolates. I'll definitely skip that dessert and try the other ones next time. 
Their wines and cocktails are pretty cheap! And they also have half-off select wine bottles during happy hour from 3:30 to 5:30 PM. I loved the Eberle Cabernet Sauvignon. Very smooth and not too bitter. 
The only minor complaint about the location is the absence of lighting outdoors at night. Hopefully there will be a string of lights and also working heaters for the winter time in the future. However, these little things won't stop me from coming back! See you real soon Copper Vine. Stay beautiful!My sister and I ate here last Sunday and it was beyond amazing. The atmosphere is very quiet, the service flawless and the food beyond delicious. The wine selection is quite good as well. Definitely a must!Don't let the heat deter you from enjoying the outside dinning area, just be aware that once the sun goes down, you won't be able to see your plate. The gender-neutral bathrooms allow for you to step into the 21st century and the decor is detailed and sleek. The option of half or full glass allow for you to choose your own adventure without breaking your pocket. While the service is a little slow the wait staff is very welcoming, attentive and my water glass was never empty. The oldly but goody classic devil eggs are given a New Orleans edge with the accent of crab meat. Short ribs melt in your mouth and cooked to perfection. If you need a change of pace from the same old look for the gem in the CBD.Great spot. Outdoor patio plant situation is prime. Wine selection is excellent as well. Recommend.Our first visit for a casual late lunch with cocktails. Restaurant has a lovely courtyard that you walk into prior to entering. Once inside space is clean and very nice. We are greeted and seated promptly. Water is served very quickly. Waiter shows up a bit later to take our drink order.  We asked a few questions about menu and our waiter answered and seemed knowledgeable about menu. We ordered crab devil eggs and fries for app. Both were very tasty. We asked if dinner menu was different and asked if we could just look at one, for maybe dinner in future. We never got one. I ordered smoked chicken salad club sandwich with no tomatoes. It came with tomatoes .  After I removed them, it was tasty. Another had grilled cheese with tomato basil soup and really liked it. Another had veggie sandwich and said it was okay, more cheesy than veggie. Had to ask twice for another wine. Also did  not get itemized check, just total on table side machine. We all did love powder room area. Food and cocktails were tasty, restaurant was nice and laid out well. Service could have been better. We will probably give it another try.Recently visited New Orleans for a extended weekend. Three out of five of us were excited about the bottomless Veuve Clicquot Rose they offer for brunch. Regretfully, after they pour you the first drink you have to chase your server down for a refill. Be prepared, just trying to set expectations appropriately. I also wanted to mention the over all service at this restaurant is below standard. That's the issue, no service. Our waiter Nikolas would spend more time standing around talking and playing on his computer that he takes orders with, than helping the table help (assistant). We had to ask for things 2 and 3 times. It was quite annoying. I wanted to forewarn you the food is EXTREMELY salty. Be prepared for some flavor. Two of the five of us in the party left with stomach aches due to over salting/seasoning. Lastly, double check your bill. Our server once we were done with brunch came over and gave us our total and didn't supply us with a copy of the bill. When he told us the amount, we all looked at one another and thought it was high. Sure enough after asking for a copy of our bill were charged for one more bottomless Veuve Clicquot Rose. It felt very unethical honestly. Though portrayed as an error, something didn't seem nor feel right. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to friends, family or colleagues. There are many choices in New Orleans, good choices... My reasoning for giving the two stars is because Nikolas's help really worked hard and did all he could. That young man should be the ones giving orders to Nikolas... I am confident one day he will be.Food, drinks, and superior service. John S. Is the best server! Check this place out.Copper Vine has a pretty legit happy hour, and their lunch special during Coolinary New Orleans was really good. I've been consistently impressed with the food and drink, though the service leaves something to be desired (mostly just the speed and occasionally the accuracy). I love to order a glass of wine at happy hour and sit out on their patio, which is the stuff of my dreams: literally, just plants as far as the eye can see. My favorite lunchtime order is the fried shrimp poboy (their pepper jelly and pickled okra are SO GOOD) with a side of gumbo. They have a huge selection of wines and I've only tried a few of them; one was excellent, and the other (the house red) wasn't great, but I didn't have super high expectations for the budget blend. Overall, this is a great place to get lunch in the CBD (especially if you've got extra time to kill).Sorry no pic, we sat on the balcony at night and i couldn't snap anything good. But this place is pretty cool. The atmosphere was pretty noisy but its bearable. Pretty large selection of wines not some much on liquors ( which is understandable it's a wine pub). Good price points on everything no complaints. As far as the food! I tried my first impossible burger (plant based)and it was AMAZING! It didn't leave me with that I'm super stuffed feeling. They also have unlimited popcorn with various seasonings to snack while your waiting. I like this place the food and the drinks. Great place to hang out and catch up with friends.I have to rave about this place. We had a reservation for a large party and unfortunately things got complicated because the rain took the courtyard out of the equation, but the staff handled it beautifully. They offered us a free appetizer and a complementary bottle of champagne without us even complaining and got us seated as soon as they possibly could. Our waitress, Rose, was so sweet and served us really well. Not to mention, the food was fantastic! I would recommend this restaurant to anybody in the New Orleans area.I enjoy trying new places when I come to visit New Orleans. I had high hopes for this restaurant based on reviews and photos on Instagram. As I walked in, my party was not formally greeted and there was no direction for seating. I found a worker that led me to the hostess stand, but there was no hostess available. As I waited, its clear the establishment did not have a functional system to handle walk-ins and reservations. Also, it's very unprofessional to leave the hostess stand unattended for long periods. It's understandable to be swamped on a Friday night, but there needs to be more efficient communication within the waiting area. Overall, we stood confused for about 15 minutes waiting for a directive. Finally, the hostess arrived, and we asked for a table for two. At 7:30 PM, she said they were completely booked until 9:45 PM. I told her to put my name on the list for 9:45 PM, and headed to my vehicle. However, I looked on Open Table, and they had a reservation for 7:45 PM. This was purposefully not communicated to us by the hostess, and we were essentially lied to. We made the reservation for 7:45 PM and went back to the lounge. Although we had a confirmed earlier reservation, they still hesitated to seat us because they were "confused." While they were "confused" they still sat other people who had reservations at the same time or after us. I felt as if we were treated unfairly with major hunts of racial stereotyping and bias . We finally decided to sit at the bar instead. The bartenders were nice and extremely helpful. However, the hostesses need work. Based on newer review, it seems as if black visitors are all treated the same. Terrible!Terrible service and the food was underwhelming and that's being nice. My wife and I decided to give copper vine a try. I will say the decor was very nice and inviting. We had several glasses of wine. A decent selection to choose from and several choices of size of pour that allows you a chance to try several different ones if you want to  experiment. 
The issue was the inconsistent service, absent-minded and slow. A little bit after we arrive and party of 20+ arrived. It looked like a group from a local CBD office. That group sucked up all the service. I comment to my wife we should probably order something before the large table because it may overwhelm the kitchen. After a few moments we order some duck fat Fries and a duck confit Flatbread. We were initially told that the duck Confit wasn't available then told it just wasn't ready yet.  So we went with the fries. Low and behold several flatbreads including a duck confit flatbread we delivered to the large table less than 5 minutes later. Our fries to 20min and we well fries. Not special.  Then we ordered a different flatbread. 25 min later I flagged down the server to ask where it was. Apparently a mistake was made so he said he would rush out another order.  20 min later a server comes out with a flatbread and wanders ultimately placing the flatbread on the large table of 20+ and I can hear them asking among themselves who ordered it?.......well no one because it was ours. So I flagged again and told it would be rushed again and yes, 20 min it finally arrived. And well it was underwhelming at best. A flatbread is a simple square/rectangular pizza on a thin crackery/crispy crust. How do you mess that up?  Was bland. We just finished up and left. We were there to enjoy some wine on a Friday evening so we stayed for that reason. Then it just became comical. I don't believe we will be returning anytime soon.I was excited about this place as I had passed it  it a few times when I was waking by although the atmosphere is nice it defiantly has some flaws. First of all is the acoustics...GET READY TO SCREAAAMMMM. Next the service although somewhat efficient they actually only  had one server for the entire restaurant (although did have food Runners and bartender) but he obviously forgot to put my main course in which was a big issue when telling him at the start I was heading to the pelicans game and on a schedule. Apparently that did not  mean much although he did bring me my bill before my forgotten food even came out! And I was somehow charged a 20% tip as a default for my forgotten order before I even got my main course when I was planning  to leave cash tip. Thankfully I noticed it before I tipped double on severely neglected service and subpar food. 
The food was not good. The beet salad although sorta pretty came out filled with morose chunks of beets that could have choked a cow. But HEY the underlaying sauces made it look pretty...although didn't really help the taste. They should really add some greens as a base and ummm carve the beets into something a human could choke down. 
Then the main course which was a flatbread margarita pizza took 40 min after the salad. Obviously forgotten the pizza came out cold and slopped together on the fly. Obviously waiter error and he would not acknowledge it. 
WINE BAR: To top it off their wine selection by the bottle is severely overpriced  and the tap wines by the glass ...up to bottle are basic and uninteresting. This is the sort of place that could easily boast a high end list but instead they gobble up your dollars assuming you are a tourist or on a business tab $$. 
I so wish this place wasn't just a tourist trap with a nice looking appearance but unfortunately that is exactly what it is. I don't expect I'll be back.Great ambiance, food was ok. Drinks were fabulous! Also, the serving staff couldn't have been nicer.Definitely a spot I will be returning to. It's always nice to find somewhere to sip and chat. Sadly, I was only there for a few glasses of wine and did not get to taste any of the appetizers or meals. The wine... wow. Never would i have thought wine on tap would be a thing but I'm sure glad it is. Very cool idea and definitely trendy. Decor is spot on. Staff is spot on, enthusiastic, friendly, and entertaining. The bartender, JR, definitely kept the bar entertained and lively. He had great suggestions. I tried the Hook & Smith along with the Grenache/ Cinsault; it had a nice sweet taste to it. Full bottles for happy hour came out to only $20; that's a pretty nice price for good tasting wine. Win win situation!A great addition NOLA and the CBD. The wine selection is great and the wait staff suggested a wonderful light and fruity wine to go with my lunch. The gumbo was delicious and I can't wait to return for more wine. Happy that you arrived and took over from previous company and must success with Little Gems.We were in New Orleans last week for the first time and came upon this place. We went because I like wine, but my partner was intrigued by the crab deviled eggs. It was a nice day so patio seating was available (highly recommended). Our waiter Christopher was awesome. Not only was he easy to talk to, he gave us a list of places we should try while in New Orleans. I really liked the choice of being able to order 2.5oz./5 oz/ carafe/ bottle of wine, especially since I wanted to try a few. The food was delicious. We had the crab deviled eggs, fig and goat cheese flatbread.  We came back for their weekend brunch before heading to airport. Crab cake benedict was mouthwatering delicious!A delightful experience both times I was here. Kind, attentive staff, beautiful outdoor and indoor space and very tasty food. I am a bit spoiled with divine dining selections in New York, and Copper Vine did not disappoint. I highly recommend sitting in their outdoor space and trying a flight of wines. My friend and I joked that we were transported into a tropical forest--greenery was everywhere! I stopped for one last glass of wine and charcuterie/cheeses before my flight back to New York. The variety of the meats and cheeses was abundant and filling, and I really enjoyed the wine.This was one of our favorite spots in this part of town. A lot of places were closed due to mardi gras. Copper Vine was not only open, but had a high top table free for us. We did the deviled eggs, which came with three halves for some reason. Haven't really figured that out, but they were good. We ordered a bottle of malbec. The bottle didn't have a label on it, so I'm not sure what that was about either. The food was great. Compared to other places in the area it is reasonably priced and much better quality. The staff was much more attentive and responsive than a few other spots nearby, too. Would definitely go back if we lived in NOLA.On vacation to New Orleans and this wine bar was FANTASTIC! I absolutely loved the menu and food, but the service was second to none. Justin was fabulous. He constantly checked on us, provided new wine suggestions based on my tasting experience and truly made the visit to Copper Vine memorable. We have to return before we leave NOLA. If you love wine, Copper Vine is a must.Great ambiance. Food and drinks were good.  Server was super funny and attentive. Only drawback is the kitchen was a little slow.Great place to eat and hang out! We had some drinks outside in the patio area and then went inside for dinner. The service is what made me give them 5 stars, the chef was outside hanging out with everyone, seating, chatting, asking how we were doing. So many people checked up on us that I couldn't keep track. Food was great and the atmosphere was fabulous!Decent little wine bar in New Orleans. Lots of choices on drinks (wine by the half pour, full pour, carafe, bottle or on tap - beer and cocktails).
Their food was quite good as well with a modern American menu. Duck fat fries were awesome!
Quite a variety of foods, although I might recommend sticking to land-based food as better seafood is available throughout New Orleans.Beautiful outdoor space and a great menu. Loads of options when it comes to wines & great suggestions as far as pairings! The chefs muse is a must try! My only complaint was awful service - although the manager was great and knowledgeable, the waiter was rude and ruined the experience all together.I WAITED 8 MINUTES AND WAS NEVER GREETED
and the bar was 2/3 empty (see pic).
Apparently there was an important group in for a wine tasting. Regardless, I should have at least been acknowledged.
I WALKED 2 BLOCKS TO JUAN'S for happy hour
(3-7pm daily).
I did get pics of the most current menu (attached).Went for Bottomless Mimosa/Rosé Brunch, and we were lucky enough to get Christopher as our server. He was so friendly, welcoming, informative, willing and able to answer our questions, and was checking in on us appropriately and unobtrusively. As a local, I like to drag my sister to "Brunch Recon" before I bring out-of-town guests. The space has been beautifully renovated since it's days as Happy's, lots of natural light, comfy bench seating with pillows, lovely courtyard seating option weather permitting. Brunch menu has something for everyone, Bottomless mimosas were on point - they give you the orange juice in a small, separate carafe so you are able to add as little or as much as you'd like. We ordered the fig and goat cheese flatbread, the shrimp and grits, and the gulf fish. Shrimp and grits were excellent - grits were flavorful and not runny like they can be some places. Gulf fish was cooked perfectly and the green beans were in a subtle, tasty sauce. Fig and goat cheese flatbread had - dare I say- TOO  MUCH goat cheese, but was still very tasty. Would order everything again, but will probably try something new next time as there were so many delicious sounding choices. My bottomless glass was never empty, and believe me, I tried!! We never felt rushed, and actually had to ask for the check which was so wonderful in a "bottomless" environment. Highly recommend Copper Vine for bottomless brunch! Thanks again for such an excellent experience, Christopher!Such a great place to stumble upon! One of the best cheese/charcuterie boards I've had! Especially if you like pickles green beans and okra. We also had a great server named Justin, luckily he understood our humor so it was a great experience for all of us. If you're easy going and enjoy a good time ask for him!Wine was very good , margarita flatbed needed salt and instead of basil they substituted micro-greens ... really bland .....olives good, service was okOkay so the food at Copper Vine is pretty amazing and so is the atmosphere , because of these two factors , I rated a 3 star. The Customer Service here was not the best and that was a huge let down . My waiter was decent for the most part and I made sure to leave him a nice tip but we definitely felt rushed after about an hour . 
I understand that they want to get other people seated and make more money but it is my right as a customer to take my time and enjoy my dinning experience. ( Especially since I made reservations) Maybe I just caught them on a bad day but management definitely needs to speak to the waiters and hostess about being kind , pleasant and patient with the customers- after all , we are how you stay in business . ( We purchased bottomless mimosas and after the third glass , the bus boy tried to come take our glasses . I had to tell him we were not finished ) 
This is the south folks, be friendly, smile at your guest and make them feel welcomed , not rushed. Other than that , I would have to say I enjoyed my brunch at Copper Vine .I absolutely love the atmosphere of this cafe/bar. You can tell a lot of thought went into their design. I also appreciate their covid protocol. Their panini sandwiches are delicious and their fries are literally the yummiest fries I've probably ever had!! This is a great place to come and do work and grab lunch/breakfast/coffee with a friend. This has definitely become one of my go-to spots!!Came here after a nice dinner out to keep the night going a bit. Relaxed atmosphere is very inviting. Get the feel of being downtown without all the New Orleans party scene. Great wine selection and the servers are more than willing to help direct you if unsure about wine in generalWe came here on our last night in New Orleans as it was around the corner from our hotel, we couldn't fault it! Taylor our server was incredible! friendly and attentive! 
We ordered the short rib and steak and frites and they were both cooked amazingly, we decided we would try a dessert since we loved our mains so much and shared a Milky Way, just like the other meals it was perfection! 
We booked ahead online and looks like that is the way to go as it did get busy but would definitely recommend checking this place out if your in the area! It was a great way to end our trip to NOLA!New favorite place! My husband and I stopped in last night before a concert at the Arena. Great wine, amazing food, awesome service. Ask for JP! We loved all of his recommendations. Already planning our next visit!Copper Vine took over the old Happys location. Let me start with the space. They did an amazing job! Has indoor and outdoor spaces on the first floor and second. We sat upstairs on the balcony. Besides the heat, it was great up there! I was mostly focused on drinking and not eating. 
They had a good selection of wine. We went with a bottle of Rosé and it didn't disappoint. Also ended up getting an order of fries and the aioli sauce was to die. Service was good as well. Only disappointment was how early their happy hour ends. 
Happy Hour is 3-5 and half off wine on tap. 
Definitely a spot worth checking out especially if you can make it for the happy hour deals.Can't wait to get back to this place once restaurants reopen. Amazing casual but boujee ambiance on their breezy outdoor terrace. The flatbreads (we had duck confit and Serrano ham) were savory deliciousness that was the perfect snack to our with wine (heavy enough to be satisfying but not so much food that you're stuffed). Their vino is delicioso-and half off bottles during happy hour?! Heck yes.I love the atmosphere of Copper Vine! On top of the wonderful wine selections and great tasting small plates, my server Taylor was excellent! She was very kind and helpful, and even introduced me to my new favorite wine. Will definitely recommend her as a server for my next visit!The food here was delicious. My travel companion and I split the steak and it was amazing; perfectly tender, no part wasted as this cut of meat was beautiful. We shared the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts; the Brussels felt a little heavy to me and I couldn't finish them. The ability to do half glasses of wine made for a nice, choose-for-yourself flight. The decor was cute and the outdoor space would be awesome in warmer weather (lots of greenery). Our waiter was friendly and funny. All around, a nice evening.I love this location and the food is amazing. I've been several times and everything I've tried has been delicious. The fried chicken with boudin rice and boiled peanuts was to die for. The service is amazing and the ambiance is greatAll around SO GREAT. Came here with three others and sat in the outdoor patio for a late dinner. The whole space is beautifully decorated and the food was delicious -- we ordered multiple dishes to share and even our one vegetarian found plenty to eat on the menu. Also, the wine-on-tap concept is super cool, especially because they're able to reuse the bottles (once they're emptied and sanitized ofc). BEST PART had to have been our server. Dom is hilarious and amazing, he gave us plenty of recommendations from the menu and places to go around the city. He was also very attentive in general and especially to our dietary restrictions without needing any reminder!!! Also there was another server who was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and vegetarian establishments throughout the city and just all around so friendly, just can't remember his name unfortunately. Without a doubt will be returning next time we're in NOLA!We have been there twice. Once a few weeks ago and again today. Honestly the food is not only amazing but the service is at least seven stars. The first time we went we had Rose who not only made us feel welcome but also so informative about the menu. She led us to to an amazing brunch. Today Ari (spelling) ? Made us amazing drinks and again made us feel so welcome. Our number one brunch spot in the ENTIRE city of New Orleans!!!Tasty food, lovely outdoor patio service, great wine selection and Cemille was a wonderful server. My friends enjoyed the Wagyu burger and their side arugula salads which were huge! And I enjoyed a cup of the new French shallot soup and the blackened tuna Niçoise salad. Our bottle of Tempranillo was lovely, and the outdoor patio seating was sweet. Sadly we were too full for dessert!I ended up stopping here twice during my trip. Once for happy hour and another time for brunch. Their happy hour includes a great wine flight and discounted appetizers. I got the Brussels sprouts and olives...amazing! For brunch, we did the bottomless mimosas, filet mignon brochette, chicken sandwich & the burger. We enjoyed our entire meal!We had an amazing experience here.  With covid, and puppies and all that life throws at you, it's nice to get out, drink and forget it all.  Copper vine is that place.  Amazing social distancing and COVID preventative methods, along with an amazing staff (shout out to Jen/Gin/Jin dang it you all know who she is.). She was an amazing host, very attentive and related well to us and even conversed with us, which we loved.This is my new favorite place for happy hour! Half off all tap wine! By the glass, carafe, or bottle. The atmosphere is wonderful and open. The food is to die for! A MUST order is the mushroom pasta, just wow. Side note, if you're lucky enough to get Chance as a server, makes the experience that much better.The food here was amazing and the restaurant is super cute inside and outside. Our sever Justin is what really made our experience enjoyable. He gave us many recommendations on the food and beverages. We are also here on vacation and he also gave us recommendations on things to do for the rest of our time here. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone and will be back before we leave.Thats was Thursday night after hurricane in New Orleans. Place was packed, so it caused a little waiting time on everything. Friendly hostess helped me to find a spot inside, because outside was pretty chill. I tried few items there, and I can't say that it was something special. But I really like exterior and interior. Place looks so cool to me. I really enjoyed being there.Great place with tons of potential but ultimately they need a lot of work. Food was ok, service was poor, drinks were weak, and they do not honor there happy hour on saints Monday game days. This should have been explained when I booked my reservation being happy hour was the reason we were dining here.Absolutely fabulous food the brussels sprouts were scrump-delicious the green salad was fantastic with candied pecans  and the margarita pizza was wonderful. Do not under estimate the serving size. I  order way-more than I needed to eat but  plan on eating every single bite.  Definitely worth a try.  I will be back.Such a fan of this place! I've been twice now, the most recent being with a group of friends for happy hour, and both experiences were amazing. Happy hour starts at 4 and offers half of the carafes of wine. In addition to ordering a few different wines, we also shared several small plates including the duck fat fries, olives, and vegetable flatbread. Everything was delicious, reasonably sized for a medium group, and a good complement to the wines we ordered. 
While the food and wine (on tap!) is definitely worth a trip, their outdoor patio is PHENOMENAL. The live plants and simple, but rustic seating makes an intimate "getaway" from the hustle and bustle of the CBD/downtown area. The crowd is professional, sophisticated, and relaxed. Definitely worth a visit!Excellent food, phenomenal drinks, superb service, delightful atmosphere.  We had Wonderlust cocktail and margarita pizza with crab deviled eggs and tuna salad all was delicious!Enter through the courtyard on the corner of Poydras and O'Keefe. Go through the first door on the left to find host stand inside. Had the happy hour tuna tartare w/caviar and bacon wrapped dates. Both were good. 5 stars for service and gorgeous plant covered courtyard. Hostess was welcoming and my server Cemile was a sweetheart. Bonus: They have easy touch-less QR code pay option.Presentation of the Place: The Bathrooms are nice. It reminds you of  an overpriced hotel that you can feel fancy in while taking a dump. The inside of the place reminds me of an amalgamation of the sets of Cheers, Sex in the City, and some French Noir.
The Food: 
Starter:
Jumbo Lump Crab Deviled Eggs
So, this is the first of many dishes were the common complaint is the lack of salt in the food. From the egg, filling, and crab itself, everything was void of salt or seasoning except for what was a little paprika. The textures are boring and 1 dimensional. For 8 dollars, you are getting 3 deviled eggs at the lowest effort of innovation and care. It is something with less flavor and passion than the ones you are partaking in during Thanksgiving at your grandmas.
Brussels Sprouts with Garlic Aioli and Grated Parmesan.
The Brussels sprouts are cooked exceptional well, which is rare. This is ruined, by the lack of salt and seasoning again. I assume this is due to the amount of Parmesan shaved on top of the dish. This gives the dish an overwhelming umami flavor, and it forces you to reach for the garlic aioli to counter it. After about 10 bites, you begin to realize how white you are because you are essentially eating cheese and mayo. 
Entrees:
Ratatouille with filet
No salt on the filet on top. No salt in the dish itself. What is on the Filet is a lot of balsamic vinegar, which is overpowering. The tomato paste hasn't been stewed long enough, so the dish is really acidic especially with the amount of balsamic vinegar being used.  
Quail and Boudin
This dish is weird. If you ever had a fever dream and was wondering man I wish I could eat that, this is what it taste like. The portion of boudin and quail you get is actual small for the price. Guess what the quail doesn't have on it? The fry on the quail isn't good and the breading breaks offs. The chicken gumbo taste so strange like they almost put soy sauce in it and also has notes of sour. The boudin is really good and is the oasis in this odd dish. 
Drinks:
1 Bottle of the Smith and Hook. Your standard Cabernet nothing flashy.
Service: 
I usually don't critique service. I understand that we all take breaks at work, but man no water refills, the restaurant isn't busy, and people from the pass are having to bring our food. This is happening while you and your bartender friend are talking the entire time. Not a good look hombre.  
Verdict: A Salty No
If you want to have a glass of wine with the girls or boys, while you look out at Poydras St. I guess this is the place for you. In my opinion, there are far better options location and culinary wise for you to go to.HOOOOOOOORIBLE!!! It was 8pm, a friend and I walked in after hearing how "AMAZING" this place was and were left standing at the host stand for several minutes.  I honestly thought the place was closing although there were several people seated both indoors, outdoors on the main floor and outdoors upstairs. 
Finally this chipper but rather confused host comes out to semi great us, but was paying a lot of attention to what was going on back where he had just arrived from. When I asked if we could sit upstairs, we were informed there was a party, which was fine, and then requested the main floor patio. 
After about 10 minutes, the host came back with 2 empty glasses, no water, no tea, no soda, just 2 empty glasses and then walked away. 
We were both starving and it was getting late, awful service, dry drinks, figured we would get better service elsewhere, and we did.Ok, we didn't have a reservation but they said a half hour wait and we would be able to get something. Well an hour later and she forgot about us.... no big deal we were sitting at the bar and they have over 30 wines on tap! Great concept right? Well we finally got seated outside upstairs. Another great idea, but the street lighting made it incredibly difficult to see the menu and your food. As for food we'll it was a disappointment. Very bland considering New Orleans is a culinary mecca. The layout and looks of this place has incredible presentation. Food needs to be better and this place would be an absolute home run making it almost impossible to get a table on a Friday or Saturday night. Love all the wine options and bartenders down stairs. That's the only reason for the 2 starts. This is New Orleans people! Your food needs to be much better!What's better than great food & wine? Great food, wine & service   
Nic took amazing care of us again!! We came for brunch and we were enjoying everything that we ended up staying for lunch as well‍‍
Today we tried the 
- baby Dutch pancake (5/5) 
- 8 oz wagyu burger (5/5)
Love the ambiance perfect outdoor patio seating right in the heart of downtown. 
The landscaping is everything you can tell they really care about details . I also really appreciated the great service thanks Nick R for all the recommendations they were all superb. 
Highly recommend! We will definitely be back I heard they have an amazing brunch.The Crusher petite syrah - 100% varietal and DELISH. Great atmosphere. Good, solid food. Brussels were excellent. Waiter was friendly and personable. Comfortable environment.Perfect spot for a group of people or a date night. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I got a flight of 4 wines. They say it was 2.5 ounces each but I think they had a heavy pour! They explained each wine and left me with the names written down. We split the goat cheese and fig flat bread and the charcuterie board. The charcuterie board was worth the money. They offered plenty of  accoutrements with the selection. High quality meat and cheese noted and were not skimpy on portions. Probably could skip the flat bread next time. Split the impossible burger which is the best one I have tried thus far in the city. We swapped fries for Brussel sprouts which were worth it. I can't wait to go back to try more wines.Enjoyed a glass of red and the fig goat cheese flatbread on the patio with a few girls. Wine was delicious as usual! I will say our server did not have one of us sample it before serving us all, which I found a bit odd considering it's a wine bar. The fig and goat cheese flatbread was fresh and came out warm. I did feel it was lacking a bit of flavor- although the goat cheese was great it was really the only thing I could taste on it. The atmosphere is wonderful and our server was friendly. Would consider trying againJohn is the best sever you're will get period. Such an amazing experience, and the food was delicious. Highly recommended!Finally got to try Copper Vine for brunch.  Basically, the two big pluses are the food and the ambience.  The courtyard is VERY nice now that we're starting to get some cooler days.  The food was also mostly very good.  The deviled eggs appetizer, while good, wasn't really a standout over other deviled eggs I've had at restaurants.  The main dishes, however, were much better.  My salmon dish was pretty good.  The salmon was nicely cooked and seasoned.  The spinach was very well seasoned as well.  In fact, for some it might be TOO well seasoned.  For me it was enjoyable because I like a bit of spice, but you guys may want to mention on the menu that the spinach features a pretty heavy sprinkle of red pepper flake.  In fact, I'd probably refer to it as a "spicy" spinach because I could definitely see some people being taken by surprise.  The crabcake dish was also very good.  Crabcake was very heavy in crabmeat and light on filler.  Potatoes were done nicely, and sauces on both dishes were handled just right.  As far as main dishes go, the main negatives were the Dutch Baby being I think a bit underdone and the poached eggs having slightly overdone yolks but slightly underdone whites.  No idea how they pulled that one off...    But the main reason for subtraction of a star is the service.  First off, lil black dude who was the host, seemed to have ZERO care about doing his job.  We walked in to no smile or greeting or anything.  He just looked at us.  Fiancee says Hi table for two please.  He says "this way" and unceremoniously brings us to a table right next to the other two parties in the entire place.  So the courtyard has (I counted) 11 tables.  There are 3 parties in total dining at the time.  And he thinks it a good idea to sit us all on top of one another.  That's just a lack of care or common sense or both.  Spread us out a bit!!  He did seem to care GREATLY, however, when an attractive single diner came in.  Even came back to check on her at some point to see that she was "doing OK" *eyeroll*.  Our waitress, on the other hand, was very nice, but maybe seemed to not have a great grip on the POS system as literally EVERY DISH was brought to the wrong table.  Not just ours, but everyone else's.  By the time we had all of our food, there were only 4 tables occupied.  How hard can it be?  Also, she completely forgot my second drink.  BUT she caught her mistake and brought it on the house.  So that is a great positive.  She realized she made a mistake and went above and beyond to make it right without me even bringing it up.  But at the end of the day, the food was very good so I'll very probably be back.  Just, in all honesty, replace the host.  I'm never one to try to rid people of their employment, but if he's only going to show hospitality to patrons he thinks he can flirt with, then he is quite simply in the wrong business.  That, and retrain your wait staff on the table numbers.  I think if y'all can do that, combined with the quality product that the kitchen is putting out, y'all will be very successful.This is an awesome place to pop in for a light snack or refreshing sip. We popped in on our anniversary and the service was wonderful. Will definitely be back to try some more of their menu itemsThe atmosphere was great, but the receptionist was kind of rude to my group. He directed us to our table but didn't give us the q code to scan for the menu. He sat another group after us with the q code. He never made eye contact with us. After waiting 10 minutes without seeing a server, I got up and asked for a menu.
The food was okay. Kind of overpriced for the quality. We ordered brussel sprouts, truffle fries, 2 orders of deviled eggs and 2 cups of soup for our starters. The brussel sprouts were our favorite even for my friend who never liked them before. The soups were good, but the eggs and fries were just okay, nothing special.
We then ordered the large cheese board to share and the lumpcrab gnocchi. The cheese board was adequate. No complaints there, but the gnocchi was served half- burnt. The taste was interesting but not in a positive way. The drinks were okay. I don't know if I would go back.Food was perfectly seasoned and yummy! The Brussel sprouts were our fave! John was friendly and knowledgeable and made our experience even better! He was very attentive and went above and beyond! Great service and food!We were a party of five at 6:30 pm on a Friday night. We had called for a reservation but might not have been necessary. The restaurant did fill up shortly after our arrival. Everything we ordered was amazing. We started with the deviled eggs, three cheese charcuterie board and the marinated olives. Everything was so good! Many discussions took place over the quality of the cheeses and the olives and maybe capers.
Two of us chose a two selection flight of wine, one of us was recommended a vodka cocktail and very much enjoyed. Nick was our waiter and he was top notch. 
We weren't sure if we were going to order entrees and then the quality of the food definitely had us anticipating those specialties. I ordered the grilled vegetable flatbread. It was excellent, the slices roasted garlic brought it to the top. My daughter had the chicken and boudin gumbo, very enjoyable. Another guest ordered the short ribs and mashed potatoes, her words "try this, it'll change your life". This will be a definite must stop on future visits.We snagged a coveted outdoor reservation during happy hour and were seated promptly. While we were waiting for our drinks, a party of three walked in and seated themselves at a large table behind us. The hostess came over and explained that the table was already reserved and they could be seated inside. One of the men was awful - so condescending and entitled - barking that he knew the manager and to just tell her he'd be sitting down. The poor hostess went to get her manager, Lydia, who came out and greeted the customers warmly. Lydia didn't waste a moment before throwing her hostess under the bus -- she apologized to the rude patrons on her hostess' behalf, and said she had moved around other reservations so they could have the table. Now, a party who had actually made a reservation and requested an outdoor table, would be bumped inside because the manager refused to stand up to this patron -- not a great way to run a business. Now for the food -- Copper Vine has their menu coded with "gluten free." Nowhere does it say that the items are only GF when specified or modified -- it just labels them GF. I ordered the pork belly, which purports to just be gluten free, but mentioned that I have celiac, and our waitress responded "oh, let me actually go ask the kitchen. I don't think the menu key is right." She went and checked, and much to my shock, was right. At this point, I was rattled and wanted to talk to someone who truly knew what was gluten free. Our waitress sent over the manager, Lydia again, who had literally no information. She started off with "well I try to eat gluten free too," which is never something that someone with celiac wants to hear. I could tell she was making it up as she went, as she couldn't answer any follow up questions. If I'd been with my boyfriend, we would have just left. Since I was in NOLA visiting friends, I stuck it out, opting for a seafood dish that I was confident was naturally GF. The food was good, but management makes or breaks a restaurant, and Copper Vine needs to spend some serious time retraining their staff.Came here with a friend who made a same-day dinner reservation for a Saturday night. It was a rainy weekend so unfortunately the patio was closed for seating, but I can imagine dining in their outside space would be so nice! 
We split a bottle of Malbec wine (750ML, $36) and 3 appetizers: black truffle fries ($9), brussels sprouts ($8) and the bianca flatbread with added charcuterie on top ($14). We were a bit worried the portions would be too small to share but it filled us up perfectly! Everything was tasty. The parmesan aioli that came with the fries was particularly good, and I actually preferred it over the aioli that came with the brussels sprouts. We added charcuterie to our bianca flatbread for an extra $3 and while the amount of meat was on the measly side, it was very tasty and paired well with the three cheese flatbread -- in layman's terms, it tasted like mildly sweet little cubes of ham LOL. The water also tasted like it's cucumber-infused. 
In light of the new COVID mask guidelines, some staff members were and some were not masked. Service was extremely attentive. We were asked a few times how everything was and were also offered a dessert menu towards the end of our meal. They were able to split our bill between two different cards. We stayed a while (probably longer than welcome) to just chat and finish our wine, and I didn't feel too pressured by staff to hurry up and pay and leave. As for the ambience, while definitely nice, people eating there ranged from couples dressed up for date night to just casual groups of friends i.e. dress up if you want to but also don't feel pressured to! 
I've been told from friends who have gone to Copper Vine prior that there used to be a popcorn dispenser free to customers, so not too sure what's up with that anymore. Overall, seems like a popular spot for a fancier night out! Would love to visit and check out their happy hour.Copper Vine has been on my list of must try and so happy that we went before the Pelicans game . 
First , beautiful space that feels cozy and open inside and with a delightful patio that insulates from the busy street .
The menu has an excellent variety of both small and large  plates  and for all eating choices . 
We enjoyed our wine , cocktails and dinners and had leftovers . 
The staff are professional and friendly . Thank you to our excellent server Ari .
We look forward to many more happy hours and dinners .Wow. This space has certainly come a long way since it was Happy's and I really have to commend the owners on the change. It honestly looks nothing like it used to and there's even a fancy upstairs area now!
David and I were here for his cousin's birthday celebration and we were seated upstairs. We didn't have a full dinner, but we did have some really good fries and we had a few cocktails. First, since it's a wine bar, I started with a really good malbec that was reasonably priced. I like that they give you the option of a half pour or whole pour, I guess in case you want to just do some tastings. Even though they mainly specialize in wine, they do have a full bar and a pretty decent beer selection. I had the Holy Roller IPA which was a fairly priced $7, especially considering the atmosphere of the place. 
We hung out at a while and they didn't rush us at all as we basically just sipped drinks and enjoyed conversation. Every now and then I did feel that they forgot about us (I ordered coffee that never came), but all in all it was a good experience and it good place to start your evening.We visited Copper Vine last week. Our server, Grace was wonderful. We ordered a few apps. The food was good but what stood out for us was the service. Copper Vine has multiple wine menus...I wanted to try something new but didn't know where to start. Grace made a few knowledgable suggestions and even brought over the sommelier. Since we were having a casual night I was unsure about bringing over the sommelier...typically I would shy away from something like that. WOW, I was so pleasantly surprised! She was so bubbly and friendly. She didn't sacrifice any professionalism in her demeanor but talked about wine in a way that wasn't elitist...I felt like she didn't care if we thought she knew a lot, she wanted us to know about wine and the brand. This girl is something special. By the end of our talking I had a flight of 3 amazing wines...a Napa Valley sauvignon blanc, a chardonnay from Santa Barbra, and an Albarino....and I could tell you about all 3, Thanks Copper Vine!  The night we visited was busy and we definitely weren't the table spending the most money....the sommelier still came back to check in and continue conversation. Grace was attentive and ensured we enjoyed our experience. We felt welcome and every staff member seemed to be happy and passionate. It looked and felt like a family run operation in a classy modern atmosphere. So cool! Great venue, Great food, Impressive staff. Worth a visit!Went for brunch and found the food to be just fine. Certainly not bad and there were some moments but overall not excited. We had the fritatta and chicken and waffles.Had business meeting on Tues last week during Happy hour starting at 2 :00 pm Plus I'm a Day Drinker Hahaha,  where can I start the  Atmosphere is Truly Amazing with all the gorgeous vines hanging everywhere,  then I ordered the Tatar with Caviar every bite was excellent  tasting experience especially with the Caviar as i was sipping my fresh made Mojito. The fresh made  Flat bread Margherita pizza had totally Killer flavor & the crust was nice and soft which I really enjoy !!!Love! Love! Love!! Decor (check) wine (check$   Gender neutral bathroom (check) customer service (check)   
Copper vine is a must do for groups and friends from out of town! Came we saw we conquered. Order multiple 2.5 pours and make your own flight.