This was the first food we ate upon our arrival in New Orleans. The food was just ok and our bill was a bit of a shock for what we got. Portions were small. I'd skip this in favor of some other spots here.We went into a pretty much empty Cornet for drinks and was greeted by a fairly uninterested bartender.  We ordered 2 French 75's and 2 sazeracs.  She asked my husband and friend if they've ever had bourbon to which they said yes.  Her response was "well this is pretty much straight bourbon." Then rolled her eyes.  She moved two places over at the bar and proceeded to tell the only other patron in the bar that she hated making these drinks. We only ordered one round of drinks simply because of her terrible attitude.  Our friend gave her his AmEx which we're pretty sure she was swiping backwards because it's a clear card and he used it the entire trip without issues.  Anyway it wouldn't swipe and she kept doing it over and over each time telling him it's time to get a new card.  They used a different card but she wouldn't stop complaining about it.  I didn't catch her name. She was a pretty blonde lady, but the single reason we left after only one round of drinks. We had wondered if her attitude was the reason the bar was empty after we left.I have mixed feeling about this place. The place is on Bourbon St. The food was not bad but it wasn't my favorite in New Orleans. I am sure that for the same value I would've had better food. The shrimp gumbo was definitely good! We didn't order drinks here because we were ready to drink at the bars on Bourbon St.Great location but the customer service varied with each trip. I will return for the crab cakes and the balcony seating.If you want a nice place to over look Bourbon Street get a seat on the balcony and enjoy an extensive cocktail and food menu. I had the shrimp appetizer and red beans and was very happy. The place is very clean and kid friendly.As many places as there are in FQ that serve genuinely local cuisine, this place just didn't really offer anything I was all that impressed with. The food is good, the service was ok, and the decor was fine. I guess I just don't understand a semi-fancy seeming sit-down restaurant on Bourbon unless its unique.
We had the crab corn chowder which I truly did enjoy, but also seemed like something I'd be able to buy off the shelves as sold by Campbell soup. The cheesy tots weren't very good. All in all, both dishes seemed like something I'd whip up for myself when I was 19 and a bachelor.
Lastly, two minor flubs by the waitress. The first one isn't so bad, but happened nevertheless: the waitress initially brought out the incorrect appetizer. I get it, ready mistake, ready fix. Next, when I checked in through yelp, a coupon for half-off for an appetizer came up. I had to ask twice to have this applied to our check.
There is too much in the area that wows me more to come back to this place unless I hear that locals are into it.Food was really good, we sat upstairs outside and overlooked Bourbon street.  Kinda of a rustic place, but overall good!Way overpriced, portions were tiny, food was cold, drinks were watered down, service was terrible. Completely unsatisfied. Total ripoff. Avoid entirely.This is our first visit to NOLA. My husband and I were looking for someplace to have lunch after walking for hours through the French Quarter when we came across this quaint place. The brick and wood decor and friendly staff drew us in and the food was worth it! Their chicken Caesar salad was amazing! The seasoning on the chicken was very delicious. I had the best drink, some sort of watermelon mixed drink. We highly recommend!There are so many restaurants in the French Quarter, it's hard to discern which is good and which is not so good, especially if you're a tourist.
I would say Cornet is good. 
It being our first night in New Orleans, we had no clue where to eat. Lots of choices. Our first choice was packed,  so we kind wandered into Cornet.
Compared to the other place we looked at, it was bright and looked fairly new
Anyway, the food was good, not great. I had the Barbecue shrimp and red beans and rice. I thought I was getting appetizers, but they turned out to be entrees. The bill turned out to be a little more than I was looking to spend. But oh well.
One more note, we ate downstairs because we had my mom who has a walker. But I think most customers are upstairs.
Overall nice place, good food,What a great find in a sea of crazy. Perfect calm atmosphere in a sea of party animals. Amazing service CJ was very helpful and attentive my drink was perfect my food was amazing. I ordered the Cajun platter it had red beans rice jumbilya and catfish with smoked sausage perfect is not the right word to describe this master piece.  The only downside was I had to request a spoon and some french bread to accompany my meal. They have a full bar so it was a perfect stop on my long walk down Bourbon and the perfect place to take a break from the crowds. What a jewel to find. As a solo diner out in seas of people I found a quiet place to eat with great food and in the middle of all the fun. I will be back next time so Worth it.Cornet is located right on the corner of Bourbon and St. Peters and was right down the street from our Airbnb so we decided to stop in for lunch one day. I'm usually a little skeptical of anything  located directly on Bourbon but we had heard it was good so we gave it a try and I'm really glad we did. We wanted to sit on the balcony but there was some disagreement about sitting in the sun so the hostess told us that a table located in the shade was about to be available if we wanted to wait. We decided to so she sat us at an inside table temporally. Our server, Alex, came over and took our drink orders and assured us that he would move us outside as soon as the table was available. He was absolutely adorable with his cute Louisiana accent. I ordered a local beer and he asked what size. Naturally I answered the biggest one and was completely shocked when he arrived with a Huge Ass Beer. The ass cups are so much fun.
Once we were outside at our table I decided on the Red Beans and Ricely Yours dish because I was on a red beans and rice kick. This one was my favorite out of all the rice dishes I had tried all weekend. It was a very large serving with andouille sausage. The seasoning was just the right blend of spice and flavor without being overpowering. I finished the whole thing and I'm usually the one taking home leftovers. I also tried the grilled alligator sausage with house made pepper jelly and the fried green tomatoes. Both dishes were delicious. I would suggest Cornet to anyone visiting New Orleans for great food and an equally great Bourbon Street view.I give 2 stars for the good amount of TVs to watch the game. The food however is reminiscent of a chain sports bar when you order anything, but their wings. You know the over priced, semi-bland non-wing dishes you find at places like BWs or Pat O'Brien (the chain).Little bit chilly if you're sitting at the bar....but other than that....the service is great and the drinks are great. Besides being a little slow on service everything was perfect.This place has amazing food.  The crab cakes were awesome.  And our waitress, Heather, was amazing.  She was so friendly and was running around working nonstop to cover her tables.  A definite stop if you're in the area.The bartender is horrible , drinks are terrible she wasn't very friendly just overall a bad experience. Oh and there were one too many flies . I'll never recommend this place to anyoneWe had appetizers and drinks here on the upstairs deck. So fun watching all the action from up high. The service was great! Very friendly staff. Stated with Shrimp with cheese jalapeño grits, they were so good we ordered another. Then had the Calamari, lightly breaded and fried with a garlic sauce drizzle. Very good but you don't get enough is all. Also tried the beef pies, they were ok, ground beef inside with a bit of spice. Finished with Pecan pie and ice cream of course. It was yummy too.  All dinners that came out of kitchen looked really good and everyone was smiling and looked happy about their meals.
We would definitely go back. Try the local drink Sazarc, a slight licorice tone, slight sweetness shaken over ice. A nice sippin drink to watch the crowds!Shrimp Po Boy was absolutely on point and both the Bourbon Street Koolaide and Blueberry special drink were fantastic. Awesome spot, try to get to a window seat in the bar so you can people watch and enjoy the drinks at the same time! Great service, great food, great bar area (lots of tvs). Give it a shot!This place has delicious food.  The prices seemed a little higher for what you get ($11 for 4 slices of fried green tomatoes?) That said,  we were satisfied with food but the service was TERRIBLE. the waiter seemed to be the only one in the place,  which was not busy by the way. The Waiter didn't put in our food for about 20 minutes. The check took another 30. Won't visit again. Bourbon st. Area Has too many great paces to eat to put up with terrible service.The mint julep was excellent! Iconic Southern charm with a lovely balcony and friendly staff.Came here for a quick bite on new years eve during lunch time and everything was kind of a mess. Server seemed confused about our order and had to be repeated a few times. Food came out quick but was drenched in grease. Seafood platter was soggy. Jambalaya was pretty much tomato paste and rice. Gumbo was ok and the hot tots were ok. Wouldnt come back.Wow! The food, staff, and especially the chef, are phenomenal. We showed up late on a Thursday night for dinner and had someone in our party with a dairy allergy. The chef, himself, came up to talk to us and prepared a special dish off menu. It was amazing. Everything else was great, too. The fried green tomatoes are a must-have. So far, everyone we've met in New Orleans has been super friendly, but these guys take the prize. I'd give them a 6th star if I could.We spent a lot of time looking around the French Quarter for dinner on our second night in town. We came across Cornet and it had upstairs patio dining, so we took a chance.
At first, there weren't a lot of people eating here, so we were concerned. We had a new waitress which was made quite clear to us by her "mentor" who seemed less than thrilled to be training someone. The waitress was a delight and was in top form when her mentor was absent.
Our drink order was taken quickly and we never ran out, constantly being refilled. We ordered the Gumbo, Crawfish Etoufee and Hushpuppies.  The Hushpuppies were good, but needed a sauce.
The Gumbo was good as well, but the portion sizes of the entrees were a little small, especially for the price (which matched up to the other comparable dishes in the area).
The Crawfish Etoufee was great and not too spicy as I was worried that I would not be able to eat it as I don't do the best with spice. I would love to have had more, but the portion size here was, again, disappointing.
The atmosphere of dining on the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street cannot be missed and the service was great, the food tasted good, but the downside was the portion sizes. It did, however, leave room for beignets from Cafe Du Monde for dessert.Small portions, limited choices.  It was very disappointing for the amount of money we spent. Beer was $10 a glass. Shrimp Creole was average at best.Great little spot on Bourbon st with outdoor balcony seating so you can people watch while enjoying decent food and beverages.Small overpriced basic tasting food. You'll find better food worth the price elsewhere.The food was really good and reasonably priced.  When we were initially greeted by our server we thought it was going to be a good experience with her, but once we had our food she disappeared and was not seen again until the end of the meal.  No refills or checks to see if we had what we needed.  In fact, when we did see her again it was time to pay and she didn't even bother bringing us our card.  Someone else delivered it.  I had read some reviews about the place and apparently service is one of the areas where they fall short.  I made this only two stars because having worked in customer service and having been a partner in a restaurant I know how much an attentive staff matters to customers.The food was really good. Price and quality/quantity was not a good ratio. There are much better places for the money. They do have sine tasty food,  but the service was slow and there was obviously just one server for the night.A nice restaurant with balcony... it wasn't the food that attracted us, but the location and balcony however, upon our arrival we were greeted by Darias who was very professional, polite, respectful and made our dinner many times more enjoyable. He made recommendations when we asked for his opinion and all were excellent. The blackened cat fish, jambalaya, the crawfish mac n cheese were all great choices.While traveling through New Orleans, LA on our way to the mid-West, my sister had one request:  to "eat on a balcony on Bourbon Street".  We saw folks eating on the Cornet wrap around balcony and asked the host if we could join them... We were seated right on Bourbon Street.  Our waitress "Tina" immediately brought iced cold water to the table and took our drink orders.  When she returned, she answered our many questions about the menu items and made suggestions.  When she came to refill our drinks, we asked "Tina" to take our pic? She not only took our pic on SnapChat, she taught us how to use "boomerang" on Instagram! The food arrived in a timely fashion and it was delicious!  We could hear the music from across the street.  There were live baskets of flowers and peppers on the railing... Everything was perfect (restaurant, food, ambiance and the very kind waitress "Tina").  Highly recommend Cornet and "Thank you Cornet for allowing my Sister to add a check to that Bucket List"!  We will definitely be back (next time we're in town)! Hopefully, "Tina" will be our waitress!?.We ate a quick dinner here before going out. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and it was okay. It was a very large sandwich and the crispy shrimp were piled high, but it was way too salty. The drinks were expensive and weak, and our server was more concerned about gossiping at the bar than actually serving us. The restaurant itself was sticky and smelled awful. Now, I understand that it is a bar on Bourbon Street, but it wasn't very appealing when you're trying to eat dinner. 
To summarize: it's a decent place to eat if you're on Bourbon Street, but do some research and you can find some AMAZING places just a couple blocks away.Nice bar and restaurant in the french quarter.  Had lunch.  Gumbo was very good.  Also had shrimp poboy.  I opted for grilled shrimp.  French bread very good.  My wife had crab and tomato salad.  Lots of giant lumps of crab.  Could hear jazz music outside. TVs for sports.  Hurricane drink very good.We mostly came here to get a balcony view over Bourbon Street, and there wasn't much more to it beyond that. I got the Hello Dolly, which was way too sweet, even for my sweet tooth. The martini is incredibly salty - they have a mixer that's been soaking in olives, etc, that they display at the bar. 
Still, we were the only ones sitting on the balcony on a Monday night around 10pm, and it was at a pretty busy intersection. Fun to people watch.Our initial impression was lackluster by as we had to wait until the manager finished messing with the tv channels to be seated on the balcony. The restaurant was not very busy with plenty of open seating. After a 10 min wait we were seated at the far end of the balcony (again many open tables). Thankfully our waitress was FABULOUS and changed our experience to a happy one. FYI the Ribs were really good!Service was nice and polite but incompetent.
We requested balcony seating to watch people on Bourbon while eating on an early Tuesday evening so there wasn't many people yet.  I
We ordered a beer and coke.  There was
Extended periods between the waitress getting our drink order and then our food order but we were people watching.  I ordered fried green tomatoes for dinner and my husband ordered a fish plate. When our food order did arrive, she only brought my husbands order. She then told me that they were out of tomatoes and asked if I wanted something else. Yes, I did. She went to get a menu.   In the meantime , my husband ate ... his fish warm, his mashed potatoes cold and chunky! 
Several minutes later, she returned to tell me that she had sent another waitress to bring me a menu but I had declined.   No one came to my table. Obviously it was a mix up.  So we got our check and left. 
Poor service
Poor food
Good view of burbon.Loved loved loved it! Great food. Angelica was awesome. Be kind relax and enjoy! Food was good, environment was welcoming.We stumbled across this place randomly looking for something semi nice on bourbon street for dinner. Everything was amazing! We shared the Cajun calamari and it was so flavorful. The banana peppers gave it a new twist. For dinner I ordered the blackened gulf fish.... It was to die for! Boyfriend got the alligator po-boy and couldn't stop raving about it. Drinks were tasty as well. Highly recommend!This place was amazing! I ate at the bar, and asked the bar tender what to order. 1st he suggested the hand squeezed Margarita OMG it was amazing! Then he suggested the Cajun chicken sandwich! Blackened chicken, bacon, a fried green tomato and goat cheese with a creole honey mustard on an awesome french bread bun. This sandwich was so amazing.
Great atmosphere great staff.... awesomeness on Bourbon StFood was pretty okay and the service was good, I love the jubilee shrimp it was gooooooodbWe were met at the street and told there was a table on the balcony. We proceeded upstairs to find there were no tables available on the balcony and sat next to a loud drunken party which were already making others leave. We advised the staff that if we didn't get another table then cancel our orders. We were then sat on the balcony. The food was okay. Definitely had better New Orleans fare outside of New Orleans. Wait time for food was extra long but sitting on the balcony made it bearable. Unfortunately drink refills did not show up causing us to seek drinks elsewhere. Overall, I may give the place another chance but it's not a definite revisit for us.Customers beware:  the food is really good BUT the portions are so small...if you're hungry do not order the crawfish Etoufee...you'll leave hungryReally good jambalaya, fried green tomatoes, meat pies! Sit on balcony to see Bourbon street! Great time even on a Monday nite!2 stars for location and the balcony seats watching bourbon street. Out of the 6 draft beers they offered they only had 2 available, service took FOREVER. Our waiter couldn't care less about our table. We ordered fried green tomatoes and the crab cakes. Crab cakes were fine but tomatoes were nothing special. Ok place for a drink, even though you could find somewhere cheaper with better service.Went here for food and drinks on a Saturday night.  It's centrally located on Bourbon St so if you're in the area, it's a good place to dine as you can sit and eat without it being too loud.  Overall, food wasn't as good as I hoped.   The calamari was extremely salty and the rest of the food we ordered was decent but not something to write home about.Ok so I paid $44 for jambalaya, red beans and rice, and gumbo.  The gumbo was ok but there was hardly any sausage in it at all.  I think there was one small piece and one claw.  The jambalaya had a few small pieces of chicken and maybe two small pieces of sausage.  Red beans and rice was tasty but it only came with half a sausage are you kidding me?   Definitely not even close to worth what you pay.  I felt cheated by how little sausage was included in all three meals.  My wife was very disappointed with the quality of this food.  I'd encourage you to avoid eating here it's just not worth what you pay...id say my meal should have cost about $18 total and not $44.ABSOLUTELY THE WORST FOOD IN THE QUARTER!!!!!!!!!
We were walking by and were approached by a barker. First and last time we ever enter a restaurant that someone is trying to lure you into. The service was a pitiful. We were seated and waiting for someone to come to the table when two other tables were seated by us. The waitress approached both tables then left. After about 10 minutes we got up to walk out and then the waitress came and asked for our drink order. We placed our drink order and our food also. Sweet tea's, fried free tomatoes and a taste of New Orleans. 20 minutes later food comes out and the tomatoes were poorly bread and barely fried. The TONO was gumbo, crawfish Mac and cheese and jambalaya. Apparently the TONO is made by a third world country trying to imitate chef boyardee.  I had to find a manager for silverware because the waitress was nowhere to be found. We took one (1) only 1 bite out of each thing and asked for the check to leave ASAP. The manager brought two purple touristy drinks and told us here these are on me because you don't look happy. DEFINITELY NOT HAPPY. We declined the drinks dropped money and left. 
Just a reminder. 
ABSOLUTELY THE WORST FOOD IN THE QUARTER!!!!!!!!!What an experience in Nola. Our server Wes, really went above and beyond for our trip. He even brought out toothpicks like the a dental floss sticks whenever asked him for toothpicks. he threw it down with the fantasy football knowledge and overall he was an awesome waiter. thanks for everything man and we'll definitely be back when we're in the area! just an overall 5 star experience here.We were here on a quick girls vacation. The good points it was clean and the service was ok . However the food was awful we both ordered the crawfish Mac and cheese.  It was velvetta and noodles no flavor I was made from a box.  There are so many other places to go in New Orleans to eat do not try here.The seafood platter was great..came out hot! However, the oysters had shells and the poyboy' s bread was too thick and dry.. The service was nice and the rest of the meal was okay!Good food, street guy was awesome, service sub par. Waiter only checked on us once paid alot of attention to others even saw my glass almost gone didn't offer refill friend with me waited so long she had to get up and ask the hostess for a refill. Have been done with meal for 10mins. I just want my check so I can go. Man bun=bad service!!The staff was super friendly and helpful but the food was pretty bad. Calamari was undercooked, bread was stale, Alligator Sausage mediocre, and drinks were slightly below average. Would recommend a different place if your looking for authentic NOLA cooking. Great for pre-gaming and drinking because of the location and balcony view of Bourbon St.Great atmosphere and a fantastic place to people watch when you sit on the balcony. 
Food was good- the corn and crab chowder and filet were awesome. The fried shrimp was mediocre. 
The bartender absent minded- but polite. 
Worth visiting if you need a place for a quick bite, a view and a drink.Before exploring the whimsy of Bourbon Street, my sister and I had dinner at Cornet. I'm enamored by the iconic wrought-iron balconies of the French Quarter, so I was delighted that we were able to dine out outside. My sister had the gumbo, which she enjoyed. I had the catfish platter. The catfish was hot (as in temperature) and well-seasoned. It was fried a bit softer than I prefer, but that didn't stop me from devouring it. Both my sister and I had a Blueberry Hill cocktail. It's made with fruit-infused vodka, and was very tasty. We even got seconds for the road.
Our server was really nice and was happy to recommend her favorites.Service is laughably bad, but I assume it's new and working through the kinks. Tables are slow to get cleaned for waiting patrons, bartender has to go downstairs to grab draft beer orders, and we waited for every part of the meal. Gumbo had a good kick, and my favorite part of the meal was the corn side which was tangy with a hint of sweetness. Loved the balcony seating for people watching on Borbon. It's a nice reprieve from the debauchery, just don't come in a rush. Let the good times roll as they say!The place is beautiful, especially the balcony, nice view. Our waitress was kind. But we were Very disappointed by the lunch menu. Expensive for what we had. We ordered a Caesar salad and a burger. $17 for 5 lettuce sheets, Parmesan cheese and 6 shrimps. French fries were not good and no cheese, no sauce in the burger.Worst meal in New Orleans. Awful and slow service. Overpriced and less than mediocre food. Probably the most unauthentic PoBoy in town. My friend paid $17 for a salad that was nothing more than a side salad at best. We waited thirty minutes for a cocktail we had already paid for. The bathrooms were disgusting.I stopped in here to order a cold one only, since it was a typical hot & humid NOLA morning. Krazy Korner next door wasn't open at the time, so I arrived at Cornet on a whim. While I was given a menu, I noticed that most of the entrees ranged from $14-16 to start with. Other choices went into the $20s, which is reasonably priced when you consider that prices climb higher at restaurant venues closer to Canal Street, as well as on certain spots on Royal Street. But hey, this is the French Quarter. All of the food is going to be good anywhere you go.
I tried a local brew of something in a serving sized called "Half Assed Beer", which is all that I needed. The higher size up is called a "Full Assed", or "Big Assed Beer" or something like that. For $6.50, the half size met my expectations. Both afternoon bartenders were prompt in their service, and you didn't have to spend a minimum of $10 if you were using plastic (unlike Krazy Korner). Also, there isn't a $1 surcharge if you use plastic as well. 
The only distinguishing features that I noticed was that there was a gold cornet hanging from the top of the entrance into the other half of the venue. The venue itself is a restaurant bar, yet could easily be mistaken for a dive bar while walking on Bourbon Street. Certainly worth trying out.We had such a nice time the first time we went that we were back two days later. Erica and Angelica were great as servers each day. The mixed cocktails were perfect. The seafood gumbo was A+.... we got to sit on the balcony and it was the perfect spot for tourist and locals enjoying their city. The prices are a bit high but i guess that goes with location. They did honor the 50% off app, too.Friday Lunch // French Quarter  
Ambiance: On main corner in French Quarter.  Went in for lunch and a couple cocktails.  Great upper balcony view, it was summer day so it can get hot.  Upstairs air conditioned interior is nice as well.  Beautiful building; exposed brick, pub bar and lantern lighting.
Service: Friendly and professional 
Drank: NOLA classic cocktail menu for those who like spirits. Full bar downstairs. 
Food: Seasonal  NOLA style menu, delish!Great place with great service.  Jennifer at the bar was incredible serving up drinks based on our taste - she even sang for us...  great voice that matched her service!!  The Blueberry Hill - which she recommended - is outstanding... not too sweet and refreshing.  Didn't eat there - great atmosphere and to go cups right on time!This quite easily could have been a five star review; however, upon being seated inside, at our request, we were ignored for about 20 minutes without being acknowledged by anyone.  I finally asked a busser if he could locate our server for us, which he attempted to do immediately.  The wait staff then began to argue over who was going to serve us.  Finally, the bartender Ashleigh was kind enough to take our drink order, and eventually our food order.  I'm pretty sure serving tables wasn't her responsibility, so kudos to her, but I think she realized how unprofessional it looked arguing over who was going to take a table that was ten feet away, in a virtually empty restaurant.  She was very nice and made an excellent hurricane.  45 minutes after sitting down, the server who originally seated us asked if someone had taken our order.  It's sad that it took him that long to acknowledge us.
The crab cake appetizer was very good, as was the shrimp po boy.  The seafood platter was served with no dipping sauces, and for $28, I would certainly expect that accompaniment.  
With the exception of Ashleigh, the bartender and the very kind bus boy, the rest of the servers appeared unhappy with their jobs.  The management of this establishment should hire new servers who are actually interested in doing their jobs.Come here for the excellent Bloody Mary and to get a table overlooking Bourbon Street so you can watch the nighttime madness. The waitstaff was a bit slow but friendly and the entrees were only average. The fried green tomato appetizer was very well done though, fried and seasoned just right. This is a place to escape from the street for a bit and grab a drink and a snack, not get a fancy meal.
Speaking of which what's with all of the people getting burgers and fries in the New Orleans French Quarter? This isn't the place for that. Stop it.Great location and decent red beans and rice. Aside from those things the experience was less than desirable. The entry way had a terrible smell which thankfully went away when I made my way upstairs. The waiter was very subpar, he seemed put off by the fact we were there wanting to order. I had the Crawfish Mac and Cheese which was basically Mac and Cheese because the Crawfish was almost impossible to find anywhere. Most likely won't return.We went here to sit outside and enjoy the view of Bourbon street on Pride day.
They have a great balcony to be able to watch all the debauchery on Bourbon street but not be IN the mix...if you know what I mean.  Perfect people watching.
The service was ok.  I guess, we are in the south...so its kind of slow...to be expected.
The food was just ok.  We had the hot tots and the shrimp po boy.  Both were pretty good.  The hot tots werent anything special but a great little muncher while we watched.  The shrimp po boy was actually one of the better ones we had.  It had a great sauce to really pull the sandwich together.
This is a great spot to chill and watch and eat and drink...all while enjoying a nice seat and a bathroom :)Open late on a Monday. The restaurant wasn't busy when we visited but Renard was a great server. One entree was crawfish Mac & cheese - EXCELLENT. Another entree was the blackened gulf fish - equally as great. We know what to expect out of Cajun food and also eat fresh gulf seafood regularly. Great slice of southern Louisiana.I'm a little mixed about this place (2.5 stars). Nice tourist spot.. not too loud & had a lovely balcony to people watch the Friday night I was there. The menu had a decent variety but it seemed overpriced.. but we stayed anyway. Maybe they'll have huge portions? NOPE!!! Nuh-uh brother! Tiny thing if semi-flavored jambalaya for nearly $20. Ridiculous. Pfft
I'd pass on this place... but if the prices were lower, it wouldn't have been so bad. Service was a bit gimmicky.. I mean, the on/off NOLA (sometimes Texan) accents were entertaining but was not necessary. But I guess you have to give the people what they want. Meh
Tourist trap... stop by for drinks, not food. You'll find better stuff out thereThe food was not as good as my previous visit to New Orleans. The climate of the restaurant was not as lively as pre-Mardi Gras. I brought some first time New Orleans visitors to the restaurant and bragged about the crab cakes. I was a bit disappointed as they were smaller than I remembered and slightly mushy. Mine had numerous pieces of the crab shell, which was gross. I also had the crab corn bisque. The bisque was good but and a bit spicier than I expected. 
I am not sure I would go there again. The third time was not as good as my previous two times, which was months earlier. Maybe they changed cooks or it was just a bad day (Saturday).I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. So-so food and service. Definitely not among the better places in the French Quarter.Love this place!!! Adrienne was awesome!
We kept coming back for her fresh hand crafted drinks! Also the food is on point.. best crab cakes in town hands down!!!Stopped in for a quick bit to knock off the hunger on the way to a different place to eat. We got there early so it wasn't crowded and there was plenty of upstairs seating. The service was great and we had an order of alligator sausage with some kind of rum concoction. Nothing about this quick meal was bad and I would highly recommend this place for a meal or drinks.16.50 for a bud light, albeit a pretty big bud light, but after tip I could have bought a 24 pack.One name... Adrian! She is by far the best bartender I have ever come across. My fiance and I came here summer of 2017 and fell in love with her drinks that she makes from scratch. We came back here a little less than a year later and came straight here specifically for her! Once again she did not disappoint! This time with her own twist on a Watermelon Cooler. This girl has serious skill and is incredibly cool to talk to. Because of her we plan on coming back again and again. Thanks Adrian.Food took 45 min to get out even though it wasn't busy. When it came, one of the 3 dinners was cold and dry and not worth eating. 
There are to many other options for good food nearby to waist time and money here.Great service and bartender. Cool place!  Adrienne is the best!!!  Very personable. Great drinks.Upscale bar, on bourbon st., Great drinks, incredible staff, solid local food. I've been to this bar multiple times on two different trips, over two years apart. Hands down one of my favorite stops on bourbon st. Slightly quieter place can sit and talk, friendly and incredibly knowledgable bar staff. Mixed drinks are great, hurricanes are actually better than Pat O's. Food is also really good. Shrimp jubilee was awesome. Fried green tomatoes great. Alligator sausage great.Great service! Delicious food! Good vibes! Tour of New Orleans app is a must try. The atmosphere is great and prices are reasonable.This was a great place, great atmosphere, and my server was great; was was very helpful on other places to go. The only reason it is not getting five stars because their menu on their website said they had crab Alfredo pasta but when we got there they didn't have any pasta on the menu. I was so disappointed because I had my tastebuds set but the food we order was delicious also.Oh so fabulous!! We stumbled upon this place and had one of the best dinners, ever.  Hubby lived his steak. I had Caesar with perfectly seasoned shrimp. Yummy cocktails and awesome service on the upper veranda.  GO!!The restaurant is very bad. The waiter doesn't know about the menu and made me ordered something totally different. The rice they served isn't cooked. The food is not good at all.During the month of December, I went to the Yelp Christmas Party held at the Cornet on Bourbon Street located in the heart of the French Quarter.
The food at this establishment was EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD which included Catfish with cream sauce, Mirliton Dressing and Crab Cakes only to name a few.
Liquid refreshments included a drink Infused Vodka with Cucumber Lemonade which was my drink of choice-Need I say any more.
Now let's talk about the Entertainment which was a three-piece combo that played a verity of music who was the life of the party.
In closing, I had a very nice time at this Cocktail Bar and Creole Restaurant which I plan to return and I encourage others to visit this establishment.
Also, Morgan and Staff deserve a round of Applause for another successful Yelp Event-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP!!!!!!