We really enjoyed our meal here, and the service was excellent. My husband had the blackened alligator as an app and I had the crab and corn bisque - both great. Highly recommend getting blackened instead of fried... unless you just don't like blackened seasoning. 
I had the shrimp po' boy and he had the red fish for our mains. I should have ordered something a little more specialized - save the po' boy for a more basic place! They do a great job with flavoring and there's a lot of great options on the menu. Worth a visit!We had a terrible experience at this restaurant while being on vacation for my sister's bachelorette party. The moment we sat down, our server, VINCENT, was not the friendliest. When taking our drink order, one of our pregnant friends asked if they had freshly squeezed lemonade or if it was from the soda machine. The server said "Do you really think I'm going to the back to squeeze your lemonade?" with sarcasm. He then took the bride to be's order and she asked for a Bloody Mary with a pickle, he said they didn't have any pickles, and questioned where we were from and went as far as saying.. "where are you guys from.. freshly squeezed lemonade, pickles in your Bloody Mary?"; as if our requests were something out of this world. Shortly after, we let him know to place our orders on different tabs since it's a group of 5 girls. He said he could NOT do that, which we found surprising and kept questioning. He left the table and went to the back, came back, and rudely asked for our order which is when we decided to just leave this place altogether because he was so rude and unpleasant! Will not be returning to or recommending this location ever all because of one person.Coterie is the Bennigan's of New Orleans restaurants. The menu sounds good, but the food is mediocre. I was especially disappointed with the Blackened Redfish, a New Orleans speciality, which at Coterie wasn't blacked, wasn't spicy, and was pretty darn plain. I asked them to blacken it some more, but I think the cook just shook more cayenne pepper on it--all the art of a Popeyes Friend Chicken restaurant. My friend ordered the Shrimp Poboy, which was good, I should have ordered that.Oh my God the food here is amazing. Loved every bite and the wait staff was awesome. I would highly recommend this anyone visiting the big easy. Awesome char-grilled oysters and the crab cake pasta was delicious. 
They also had happy hour with great prices on martinis and a New Orleans favorite, the Hurricane.We've been here 3 times already.  They used to be called Huck Fin.  They will not disappoint you.  We loved the Happy hour with $0.25 huge oysters, great breakfast. They even gave us complimentary bignet. A must if you go to NOLAWhere do I begin?  Okay, let's start with the plus.  We got there and the place was full.  We had a party of 6 and was told that it would be 45 minutes to be seated but that we could get separate checks so we decided the wait would be worth the aggravation of figuring out the bill.  We only waited 10 minutes.  Bonus.
That's where it all ended.  We were seated and Chris, our server came out to take our orders.  Okay, all good.  I ordered 2 dozen fresh raw oysters.  I love my oysters and eat them all the time.  Not sure how they were shucked but they all came out very dirty and gritty.  Yuck.  
We ordered various things from the menu.  The server forgot to put in one of our orders and only realized it when he was handing out the food so he had to put in the order late but instead of apologizing he blamed one of the other servers for "stealing his plate". 
One party ordered the pulled pork Po Boy.  It was so salty she couldn't eat it. 
One ordered a pasta dish that was also too salty.  
The seafood gumbo was alright but nothing to write home about.  
When we finally received that last order (after everyone had finished their meal) we mentioned to the waiter that the potato salad which came with one of the plates was not given.  He stated that they had run out.  
He apologized and said the kitchen was failing him.  When I agreed the kitchen had failed him and said that the potato salad being out should have been mentioned.  He rolled his eyes at me and said, "I don't care" and walked away.  what?!
I would never recommend this place.  The food was not great and the service was worse.What a gem Coterie is in downtown NOLA. Stopped in here randomly and sat at the bar. This place gets packed though so you'll want to make a reservation. Happy hour is amazing. Half a dozen oysters for 4.50 and martinis and cocktails for 3! Sign me up!
Bartender,oyster shucker, and staff were lovelyGreat food, great drinks, great service! I recommend the Boudin Balls and Chicken and Sausage Gumbo to start with, and then wherever your tastebuds lead! The hurricane is of course the must-have drink for NOLA, but the St. Germaine 75 is absolutely delightful (and Michonne is the best bartender ever)!!! Definitely hit this place if you're looking for great food and drinks with less bourbon street crazy, more chill NOLA vibes. I'll be back!We always came here for po-boys when it was Huck Fin's.  It was always a good experience. This was our first time as Coterie.  We were seated in the back bar dining room.  The bartender brought waters and one had a dark object floating in it. Then two more tables were seated after us. We all waited forever for any kind of service. The server went to the other tables for drink orders before us. He finally came to us.  We figured with this poor service we better get our whole order in because we may never see him again. We ordered appetizers and our entrees.   He brought out our entrees and THEN our appetizers.  These tables aren't meant for six plates.  The manager must have had others complain because he came back and asked one employee 'what is going on back here?'  
We walked through the rain to get there to have a nice, casual dinner with friends and in the end,  just wanted to get out of there. Needless to say, we won't be back. Too many other choices in town.I stayed at the attached hotel for several nights and visited the bar and restaurant here a few times. The drinks here are really good. I tried the old fashioned, Sazerac, and a couple of others. I also had crab cakes, fried shrimp po'boy, and the taste of New Orleans. I wish I had tried the seafood gumbo before I left. They were very busy at certain times and seemed to be understaffed, but the bartender and waiters were very kind and apologetic about it. I would go for happy hour or lunch. They were not as busy as later in the evening.Great food, staff and price. Came here multiple times during our recent stay and it never disappointed. Great breakfasts thru cocktails. If you're leary about trying new places/restaurants, this one is a safe bet.Great Staff,
Fresh Oyster, Cargrill way to go. GUMBO is also a good starter.
Enjoy!
ThanksWe had the pleasure to have Jeffrey B. serve us and I  can not describe how incredible he is! He went above and beyond and was just so friendly! Breath of fresh air and can't wait until our next visit and hope to have him! Food was amazing and he was spot on with all of the recommendations he made!I had - TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS
Three of the city's most enjoyed dishes, all prepared in house: Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and Gumbo
Delicious!!!Coterie is the new kid on the block and definitely worth trying out. A tad pricier than Acme but more delicious imo (also you don't have to endure a 30-45 minute wait, which is a huge plus in my book). 
The interior is clean, modern and has an industrial chic+sports bar vibe going on. While our food did take a while to come out, it was well worth the wait. We ordered their charbroiled oysters, which were large, plump, juicy and full of flavor! My coworker also ordered a great medley dish (Taste of New Orleans) that I would recommend for first-time NOLA visitors. 
Give this place a shot, you'll like it.Fantastic food. We stopped in for breakfast. I had the three pig skillet. It was amazing. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. The local flavor is exactly what we were looking for. All the staff was friendly. We will definitely be back.I definitely recommend the Bayou Lafitte for brunch or breakfast. Absolutely delicious. I'll definitely be back next visit to Nola!Great happy hour spot. Fresh atmosphere, great service and yummy oyster specials. Will definitely return!We stopped in for a dozen chargrilled oysters. They were good. We enjoyed them. Had great service. No complaints.So apparently this place renovated and changed it's name, but it is really Huck Finn's Cafe that has been here a while. It's right in the heart of the french quarter of New Orleans. Don't care for the new modern atmosphere as much. Food is still good, might have been better before.Had cocktails and appetizers this afternoon. Fantastic!
Loved the crab & corn chowder. Get the large.  Great taste and finishes with a little kick. Grilled oysters were the best I've ever had anywhere. Served with a side of bread doused in the oyster sauce. 
The fried pickles were good, but substitute ranch for the default sauce. It was too salty.  
The milk punch bourbon was sweet and good like a White Russian.  A little too easy. The House recipe sazerac was very tasty.This place was okay. Tried the Grilled Oysters and the Taste of New Orleans, which came with Gumbo, Red Beans & Rice and Crawfish Etoufee. It was moderate at best. Quite honestly, at the end of the meal I had to ask the server what each item was because I honestly couldn't tell. If you can avoid it, do so. You can do better.I went for the highly rated fried shrimp. Unfortunately, it tasted like frozen, farm raised shrimp that I got out of a grocery store freezer. Great service and cute atmosphere!Food is on point! Service would be 3-4 star but I rate on food. AC could be turned up as well. But definitely worth visiting taste wise.Everything we ate here was delicious! The service was great too. Amazing oysters and I don't usually live cooked oysters but wow the BBQ oysters were the beat I've had. I'd go back in a heartbeatThe Southern eggs Benedict was absolutely delicious!!  Also had dinner last night, the chicken and sausage gumbo was incredible along with the grilled oysters and the jumbalaya!!!!Food and drinks were great!  I had the Grasshopper drink so yummy!  Our table shares the charbroiled oysters which were good and then I had the crab cake pasta really good!  My husband had the jam burger which he loved and just like other posts the fries were so good!  Our server was definitely attentive...once we were finished a little too...felt like she was rushing us out the door.  She was polite and friendly!The food here is awesome! Some of the best fried shrimp I've ever had. The drink selection is phenomenal too! There's also an oyster bar that's one of the best in the city. Nice, cozy restaurant with a New Orleans feel... Highly recommend!I cannot day anything bad about this restaurant, the food was good. Just unremarkable. We had the crab cakes. The drinks were unmemorable. The service very good. Unfortunately, with so many absolutely wonderful restaurants to choose from I would not return.I can not speak highly enough of this place. The food was amazing and our service was beyond spectacular. I made a reservation for after my wedding with a party of 7, and even though we arrived nearly an hour early we were still seated promptly and politely. Our server Joseph was so friendly and on top of our service, and the manager Jack stopped by the table to congratulate us and exchange a few jokes. They have the best fried pickles I've EVER had (which says a LOT) and we will definitely be back on our next trip to New Orleans.Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service!!! We are in N.O. for a bachelorette weekend & had reservations. Our table wasn't ready when we arrived ON TIME, they split our party up when the 4 people they put at another table could've clearly been added to our table, we had ONE HORRIBLE WAITER (New waiter at that) w/ no assistance & our food arrived cold. When the bride complained to the manager, he wasn't even concerned, nor did he offer any resolution. I will never return to this restaurant on any future trips to New Orleans. Additionally, the women's restroom was absolutely disgusting! The crab cakes are awesome, however, I would not recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy!Our waiter Eric was attentive and the food was great!! I had shrimp and grits which was amazing and a good portion. My son had the catfish dish with rice and vegetables. It was tasty! My daughter had a sampler of jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo, and something else. The jambalaya was good, but the gumbo was way too salty. The place is clean and we were seated right away on a Wednesday around 5:00pm.This is my favorite place in the French Quarter. The Char Broiled oysters are spot on and the prices are very reasonable. Also the Bar is really cool and comfortable right in the middle of the French Quarter.The staff 2 thumbs up.  The oysters locally sourced and organically farmed...all I can say is have to order...oh and the BEST charbroiled oysters ever...if I could find a way, I would take them with me home on the planeI wanted to write this review as soon as I left the restaurant but I thought it would be better if I waited a day to try and articulate a proper review for the establishment. 
I had very high expectations when I entered. The influx of positive reviews made me want to try this restaurant for a while. I missed out on Coolinary month and was kicking myself for it. But lo and behold, restaurant week was right on the corner so I was able to happily indulge.
A $29 menu as opposed to the $39 peaked my interest but after the experience I think the $10 extra at any other place would have been worth it. 
Since its restaurant week, I assume non regulars end up showing up to dabble and get a feel of a new place. Because of this, wouldn't you think the food would be on point? I mean, if you are trying to get more customers to your establishment shouldn't the food be properly prepared?
The issue wasn't the service. Quite frankly, I bumped up the review because our server was sweet and everyone I saw working a smile on their face. Something happened in the kitchen and it was clearly evident in the food I tried to eat.
Lets start off with the mojito my girlfriend and I ordered. Was that the best drink to order off the menu? Probably not, but I wanted something refreshing and the idea of mint was appealing. The drink was way too watered down prior to the ice melting. The 3 sprigs of mint shoved into my glass was clearly withered and old. The drink tasted like crap to be honest but I tried to think positive and cut my losses early. 
I ordered the gumbo and she ordered the boudin balls. Honestly, the boudin was probably the best thing i ate on the menu. It was fried pretty nicely and in combination with the remoulade made it tolerable. The gumbo was flavorful but watery. Everything seemed like it was cooked at lik 9 am or earlier and reheated for 8 pm. 
I ordered the blackened redfish with crawfish etoufee and she order the shrimp and grits. I realized after i ordered that the redfish wasnt topped with shrimp etoufee. Being that its not crawfish season, i had a feeling it might have been frozen. I couldn't say for sure til i received my dessert. The redfish was tiny, probably the size of a toddlers foot. It was seared properly and it tasted fine, nothing too bad or good, just meh. The vegetables were over cooked and the dirty rice was under cooked. I mixed the vegetables with the rice in order to try and finish my food quicker but it just made a bigger mess. Every spoonful of rice i ate, 3/4 of it was cooked and a 1/4 of it was hard like the grain. I was extremely disappointed with this dish. I was excited to try and eat something different but ended up being disappointed. The shrimp and grits looked ok. She said it wasnt the best and kind of tasted like great value grits but again, tolerable. 
Peanut butter anything is my kryptonite. So, of course im ordering the peanut butter chocolate pie. Looks can be deceiving. The pie had a rock hard outer chocolate shell with a cold, peanut butter brick center. The only way to eat this dessert is with ice sculpture tools. The bread pudding was the worst thing i have ever seen. I am used to bread pudding being soft; cut it with a butter knife soft, and moist. This pudding however, was the opposite. If I shoved my fork into it, I would be able to lift the whole dessert off the plate. Not all was bad though, the glaze that it sat marinating in was ok. 
I wanted to love this place, I really did. Maybe it was the restaurant week menu that messed me up. I want to say I will try and give this another shot, but if they cant keep a standard participating in restaurant week then don't participate. Regular people take advantage of these menus so they can try new things, hopefully get blown away and come again at a later time. I picked this place because of the convenience, the money and the overall good reviews. It was not what I expected at all.It was my first time here. The etouffee was good. Honestly...I wasn't crazy about the gumbo which I heard was really great there. Someone else in my party had been before and was dying for the gumbo and they were also disappointed. The best thing I tried was the Chicken Club sandwich!!!! It was definitely the best chicken club I've tasted anywhere!!! Our service was okay.  We were only 1 of 3 tables at the time. But i don't see myself going back unless it's for that chicken club!!!Don't waste your time coming here. The service is bad...took hour & half to get food, waiter couldn't keep orders straight, dirty dishes & bathrooms. Run Forest, run!Brunch was heavenly! From the PJ's coffee with half and half served to the delectable New Orleans style French toast with Applewood smoked bacon I had to my boyfriend's omelet with andouille sausage. Delish!Pretty late with this review but I had such a good time in New Orleans on the weekend of New Years Eve. My family and I visited Coterie Restaurant as our first stop after arriving at the airport and I must say this place did not disappoint. Mike was our server and he was awesome. Very humble and welcomed us with open arms. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it was beyond fantastic. I even tried alligator  which was delicious as well. I highly recommend!Service was too slow and the food wasn't that great. Overall, just another touristy spot.The oysters were great and the seafood gumbo was good. Had a good time listening to the banter at the bar especially after Darth Vader started performing on the corner outside. I will visit again.I try to go somewhere several times before eating to ensure consistency.  Coterie is my go-to restaurant when I visit New Orleans.  The food and the service are always great.  The chargrilled oysters are by far the best you will find (better than the famous Drago's).  A must visit when you go to the Big Easy.
Update: New menu items to include oysters Bienville and oysters Rockefeller.   Well-done, Coterie!  Both are excellent additions.Eric R behind the bar led me up the right path. Thanks man, for doing what you do well! Sit at the bar.Fast service and great food. A lot of oyster bars close to Canal Street suffer from long lines and spotty service. For a slightly higher price, I would much rather do a restaurant like Coterie than some place like Felix's or Acme. Our server Joseph was fantastic. Drinks were great (recommend the Bourbon Milk).  The raw oysters were awesome. Perfect size and super fresh.  The grilled alligator was also great. The chargrilled oysters were good, but not quite as good as Drago's.  I would highly recommend giving it a try.I have absolutely nothing bad to say about Coterie. The drinks are awesome, the food is some of the best Cajun food you will find in New orleans and the staff is incredibly friendly. I'd highly recommend the Crawfish Etouffee or any Cajun entrees.Great place to sit and watch the game as a local or an out of towner. Multiple TVs. Drinks were fairly priced and well made. We tried the shrimp quesadillas. They were amazing. Light and filling, well seasoned. Definitely made me want to order more.Server seemed a little stretched thin as we did wait awhile for some things like extra napkins, but the food and drink more than made up for it! The gumbo was really spicy- which I adore! Amazing place with a cool atmosphere! Loved it!My review would have been a 5/5 if our waitress was friendly and not rushing us to order.  Despite that, the food was amazing! It was my first time while visiting NOLA. Had the omelette with crab and shrimp. Delicious. Beautiful place inside too.We went here for brunch because there was no wait and a pretty empty restaurant as opposed to an hour wait at another place. They waitress acted very inconvenienced by us and was pretty rude. The food was overpriced and the service was not great. They catered to newer customers well when we couldn't even get water - we asked another waiter for water after 15 min of waiting and our waitress got really offended, popped her head out from behind the bar and said, "I was gonna get that for y'all." The Cajun Bloody Mary was watery and tasteless. Would not go back - I would wait an hour to get into Ruby Slipper instead.Clean and adorable place. Many choices for great food. Had the Shrimp Po Boy and a House Bloody Mary. Food cane out fast and the waitress we had was amazing. I would go back a hundred times if I were not leaving today.We read the Yelp reviews and decided to come in for Happy Hour.  We were seated immediately at the back bar with a real pleasant and helpful barmaid giving us a lot of suggestions and conversation about the menu.
My husband ordered a vodka martini $3.50 (happy hour price) and I got a nice glass of Chardonnay.  
We ordered a dozen roasted oysters and they were absolutely delicious!!!  They were roasted perfectly with a little herbed butter and sprinkled with a light cheese blend.  The oysters were so filling that I didn't need an entree.  My husband ordered the Taste of New Orleans which was three of the city's most enjoyed dishes, all Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and Gumbo. Of course, I tasted each one and they didn't disappoint my taste buds.
We definitely will revisit this restaurant before we head back to New Jersey!Came here for a late lunch on Mardi Gras after discovering Acme was closed for a private party. Food was really good. I had the bacon jam burger with a side of hot, fresh, perfectly crisp fries. For dessert I had the bread pudding covered in a rum butter caramel sauce. Absolutely delicious. Only downsides are that all burgers come cooked medium (I think this might be a citywide thing) and they don't serve sweet tea. But food, service, and ambience were great, nonetheless. Great place to rest and refuel after the parades!Me and my brother went here for brunch and I ordered the Crab eggs Benedict  and it is so delicious. I will definitely come back here.Unfortunately our dinning experience was nothing but horrible at Coterie. First, we called to make a reservation on Monday night around 9pm. Whoever was hosting that night is probably the worst hostess we have ever encountered. She was rude for no reason. Then she said she got our reservation down, but she never took our name nor phone number so when we asked about that she replied "Ugh fine. What's your name." This automatically made us skeptical about the restaurant considering it was our first time, but the birthday girl wanted to go there so we decided to let it go. We arrive to Cotiere on Tuesday at 7:30pm for our reservation. The hostess, not the one from Monday night, informed us that she couldn't find our reservation and she wanted to seat us at the bar tables by the door on the restaurant. We obviously did not want that as we wanted an actual table. She told us the restaurant was reserved for a private event for 82 people. We were perplexed since this was not informed to us the night before. We asked to speak with the manager, but she said he was in a conference call and couldn't come. We informed her nicely we would definitely wait. During this time the hostess "finds" our reservation, which we weren't sure if it was true or not but whatever. The manager comes and only addresses the hostess. Doesn't even bother to asks us what is happening. The irony of all of this is that they turned away another reservation and tables that arrived after us because of the "private party" and the private party never showed up. We are all aware at how the service industry works as some of us are hostess, waitresses and managers at other restaurants and we were surprised that the manager never attempted communication with us, not even after we asked to see him. He only mumbled something to us about how they "cared for their reservations." He might want to communicate that to the Monday night hostess though. We read on previous reviews that there had been problems with a manager named "Chris" and if Chris is the white-haired gentleman that was managing that night, the owner of the restaurant should really consider better training for their managers for situations like this. The service and food were fine, but honestly, nothing wow to make us want to return or recommend this restaurant to anybody. Overall, the restaurant really needs to have either a change of management or better training because their communication is not the greatest.Excellent place and excellent service!!! Had a great time the bartender and the oysters are incredibleWOW, what an amazing meal!! We started with a rich warm and creamy crab   au gratin and crab cakes that was accompanied by a delicious fried green tomato! The seafood gumbo warmed me up and was on point and those delicious Beignets, where one had you going back for more! I will definitely be returning my next trip NOLA, enjoy! #FoodieVisited this place for lunch yesterday and enjoyed it. Admittedly, I only had a bowl of gumbo, but it was a delicious bowl! The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly for the most part, other than my waitress who had selective hearing. I will certainly be back to try some more dishes from this place.A cute place with really tasty food! Lots of good options, both traditional New Orleans foods like crawfish etoufee, jambalaya, etc as well as a few really tasty pasta dishes as well. It took a little long to get seated even though we had a reservation, but we were also a large party. Definitely would recommend!The gumbo was too salty, crawfish was excellent. I would stay away from the taste of new Orleans dish. I dont feel it was worth the price.John behind the bar is amazing. Entertaining and on time. Happy hour $9 for a dozen oysters. FantasticDarnell & Wes at the bar are the best! Come here for happy hour during the week for great prices on Oysters & drinks!My wife and I got a real lesson that NOLA isn't really a brunch town. "We thought" if we get to a spot around 1'ish Eggs and breakfast style food would be available. Hahhahaa we definitely were wrong. One of the guys working there said "We stopped serving breakfast at 11". So Dinner Menu it is. We started with some hurricanes that were loaded and made perfectly. The thing about this spot is their Apps selection has items that you don't normally see- so we had to try 3 different ones. Let's get into it- the Chargrilled Oysters might be the best in the city. They had the perfect combination of garlic, char, cheese (Pure deliciousness). Moving along to the Egg Rolls, really good. I recommend them, only if you aren't getting the chargrilled oysters. On the recommendation of the server we tried the Gator Blackened Bites- they were just ok to me. Definitely ranked 3 out of 3 on the apps we got. Moving on to the entrees- my wife ordered the Catfish Napoleon and that was the elite entree for the day. I ordered the Taste of NOLA and was average at best. If we made it back here, I wouldn't order it.The breakfast here is on point!! We ordered so much: Crab cakes with eggs Benedict, Seaside Skillet, Veggie Omelet, Bacon, Fruit, French Toast. Everything was delicious and I wanna eat here every visit to NOLA. Our server Michael was an excellent introduction to New Orleans as he was sooo entertaining, sassy and funny! Looking forward to my next visit!This used to be the old Huck Finn's and while the updated space is an improvement the food is just okay and nothing special. I've eaten there twice in the past 6 weeks. Once was carryout which I expected to be just okay and it was fine...nothing special but decent. The burger with the combo sausage and burger patty was the best thing that I've eaten there. The second time I ordered a mint julep that they put in a huge cup that literally tasted like sugar water with mint. I am not a fan of overly strong drinks, but this was so weak that I sent it back and got a beer. I ordered the shrimp pasta that same night. Terrible. Not hot, not fresh and small portion. Pasta was limp and had obviously been cooked way earlier in the day. I was starving so I ate it and because I had sent my drink back i didn't complain about the pasta. I won't be going here again. The staff is very nice . I can't fathom how this spot is getting 5 star reviews.....Outstanding, try the alagator blackened appetizer, catfish napoleon, and the st-germain and champagne to drink.Great breakfast for group of 4. Great service too. We had French toast, bacon, sausage, breakfast biscuit, pirogue.We picked this place to go one night and we were both highly disappointed. My friend's tacos came out with brown guacamole and dry mahi mahi, it looked like it had been sitting for awhile (it took a long time to get our food). I ordered fish which when put on the table smelled very fishy and was very dry. It tasted fishy and bland so I asked for something else. The manager brought out my new dish and proceeded to chastise me saying I should have asked for a sauce if it was bland. Bland is one thing but strong fish smell and taste is another! And it is not a fish that should smell that way! It looked like it sat under a heat lamp for awhile. Did not appreciate the extreme lack of customer service. Don't offer to get me something else if I'm going to be yelled at for it. Will not go back there. Horrible customer service.Wow just wow!!!! Let me start with restrooms super clean! Moscow Mule is the best one I've ever had in all our trips. Joe is the best server in New Orleans, he recommend the taste of New Orleans and their fabulous alligator and omg I've never had it before and it was great! The kids had shrimp with fries and I was very impressed with the many shrimp on their plate. By far our best experience in New Orleans.John (4J's) is a fantastic bartender and made the night start off on the right foot.  On Wisconsin!Came here with a group of friends while  we were visiting the city after it had been recommended to us for the chargrilled oysters. Of course we ordered them, gumbo, alligator bites and shrimp quesadillas. Everything was great. The service was amazing! Our server was honest in his suggestions. Definitely worth the visit!Very rude staff. No greeting, water arrived in like 10 minutes, did not get refill after emptying my cup, no thank you when handing me the receipt. The food is just ok, the environment is nice tbh. But I don't like rude servers. :)Worst experience ever!  If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Poor customer service, dirty utensils and glasses, filthy bathroom, missing food items and cold food when finally delivered after an 1-1/2 hours.  When I spoke to the manager about it he apparently wasn't concerned about customer service or the customer experience.  He was extremely combative.  We made a reservation for a large group and it wasn't set up when we arrived, the hostess was not welcoming and there were no place settings for part of the group.  AND they had ONE person servicing our group.  Like most people, I have eaten at a number of restaurants and I have never been in a large group situation with just one server.  They set this guy up to fail.  I went to the restroom and there was no toilet paper.  You had to use paper towels. There was water all over the floor and it was dirty.  
We waited for our food for an 1-1/2 hours.  When my plate finally arrived there was a dirty spoon sitting in the middle of my bowl of red beans and rice.  The fork they had given me was also dirty.  The glass I was given was dirty.  AND my food was cold.  
This place is a mess.  Avoid it....there are a number of places in the French Quarter with better food and service.Used to come here when it was Huck Finn, been here twice this week, and they still can't bring you a soda.  They say it's the carbonate, and the guy fixed it once already.  My question, how do they serve mix drinks at the bar, without soda.Before I start - we (party of 10) visited this restaurant during a record attendance Essence Festival weekend.  Great location, loved the ability to book a reservation digitally and table was ready to go (unlike some other locations we visited the same weekend).
Nate - our waiter, did everything he could to give excellent service.
The place looked cool too, with brick & wood accents and lots of TVs.
That said, food was meh...compared to other places we visited the same week.  There were SEVERAL items that were out that day (fried oysters, etc.).  Our cocktails were, meh.  Food temperature wasn't stellar.
I wouldn't recommend.  That said - perhaps give 'em a break, it was Essence weekend.In my never ending search for the best crawfish etoufee, I tried Coterie.  I was by myself so I ended up sitting at the bar.  Most times that is the best place to sit as you can banter with the other people at the bar and bar staff
Started with a half dozen raw oysters and they were good.  For my main I got the crawfish etoufee and it was some of the most flavorful that I have eaten in the quarter.  Nice slow burn just how I like it.  The people thT were sitting next to me had the fish and said that it was spectacular.  I have a feeling that everything on the menu is good 
Service was ok (and I was sitting at the bar).  Don't know if it was because I wasn't drinking, but I can get past it.  I was there for the food.   
Cool vibe to the place as it is very unassuming from the outside.Meg and Wes were excellent. Great service, with a smile and a great crab cake. I'll be backCrab and corn bisque was not too heavy, perfectly seasoned and arrived nice and warm. Oysters were .75 each from 3-6pm, very fresh. Beer was $3 each from 3-6 as well. Ordered the grilled chicken salad which was great, lots of dried cranberries and blue cheese, ordered the firecracker shrimp which was basically crispy shrimp but not so crispy-lil spicey, good with the salad underneath. The jambalaya was good but not great. Presentation a lil boring.  Overall service was fabulous, food was pretty good! Chris the waiter was fast and very cool!This place sucks. Once again I've got fooled by yelp reviews. Their famous cajun food was lacking flavor, not good at all. The worse part was service- our waiter kept ignoring and forgetting about two of us after constant waving and calling him. This place is a mess, no one knows what they are doing, our waiter kept bringing wrong food to wrong customers, kept forgetting things. We spent there almost 3 HOURS!!! trying to have a quick bite to eat. THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER :(The raw oysters and tacos were the only hit of the night.
We found the gumbo and Crawfish Etouffee to be extremely SALTY.
Portions are very small here.My family & I had the best experience here. We came in Friday night, and although they were busy,our waitress was very attentive. They were out of a few things we had our heart set on, but Sarah our waitress made some wonderful suggestions. The redfish with crawfish Etoufee was outstanding. I highly suggest this place, and coming from a local , that's a compliment.