I would describe this place like a fart in church - not appropriate at any time.
The food was just bad.This place has the white breadest south of the border food I have ever experienced in my LIFE. Wow. Unbelievably bad. Holy crap. It could not be worse if they tried.
     Bean tacos - whole beans on squishy flour tortilla. Cold. Didn't order enchiladas because they said they didn't have green enchilada sauce and I don't like red. They didn't mention that they don't actually have any enchilada sauce. Friend ordered the shrimp enchiladas. Shrimp, ton of cheese inside and out. No sauce. Huh?
    G got "Cuban Po Boy". Ham, some beef paste, little else. 
    Were not offered chips and salsa, but saw that other people got round chips that looked straight out of a bag from a supermarket.  
     Likewise, salsa was identical to La Victoria.
     Most authentic aspect of this restaurant was the restroom. Wet, dirty floor, no soap or paper towels. Straight out of a Tijuana dive.Food was good and the service was great until it was time to pay...... We got the the machine is not going through excuse so I paid in cash so all was good  until I checked my bank account and I got double billed so BE CAREFUL!!!!!!!!!!!Kind of a dive place but more reasonable prices to go with it so I call that a win.  Wandered into this place for lunch and had a reasonable experience.  The staff was attentive, the sangria was weak but it was all priced much more reasonable than you find at many of the French Quarter places for the same quality of food though I didn't find much on the menu that was Cuban. I would definitely stop in again for lunch. Only note is that the washrooms are not handicap accessible.  It is 2 steps up to them in the back so steer clear if you can't handle that.A good little break from the insane streets of NOLA. Good prices and the staff was very nice and knowledgeable. Not your traditional NOLA spot with creole but more Colombian or Cuban style vitlles. I loved what I got but couldn't even begin to tell you what it was, Bourbon St., but I know I dug it. Not to spicy either. The portions were decent. Like I said a good break from the heat and hustle of the streets. Eat, Drink, Tell.This was actually a pleasant surprise to find decent value good Tex-Mex in the French Quarter.  For many years I had avoided this place assuming it was just another tourist trap for pathetic Texans that refuse to eat anything other than Tex-Mex but they actually do very flavorful food here that can put many places in Texas to shame.  To be fair for many years Country Flame actually was a very sketchy tourist trap venue that didn't do much good but it has certainly evolved in offering quality flavorful food at a good value.  They also expand beyond the typical Tex-Mex options and offer a nice selection of other foods from Cuba and other parts of Latin America which are also executed quite well.  It is a rare thing in NOLA fo find a place that had descended so low in the myths, legends and lore of the Quarter to redeem itself and rise from the ashes to achieve delicious redemption.We stopped here for a break from all the fried seafood and po' boys.... Bad choice. You're in New Orleans, don't eat at a Latino place.This is my go to for Mexican/Cuban food. Yes it's a little unconventional but the food is always perfect! The drinks are ok. Every time I come The Big Easy I'm coming here!! Love it!!Not to take anything away from this place but we came in because the oyster place down the street had an outrageous line.
The waitress was very nice throughout our visit. We ordered the fried Yuca and shrimp fajitas. We had never had Yuca before and it turned out to be a hit - was a lot like French fries. The shrimp fajitas came out in cast iron and were really fresh. Chips and salsa were served right as we sat down. A big downside was that they were out of fried oysters.
If you are staying in New Orleans for a while and need to switch up your menus for a night this is a great place to do it!I am SO happy I went to this restaurant.  After spending 5 days in NO my wallet was really feeling it because we had to eat out for almost every meal.  Restaurants in the French Quarter  seem to have some awful price fixing collective going on where everyone raised up prices by $3-5 and it is now impossible to find anything under $10.  Fortunately for me I decided to look at the menu of Country Flame as we were walking by and the prices are as fair as they can get.  Not only did I get an excellent dinner for $8, but it came with free chips and salsa to start off.  I haven't had free chips an salsa at a restaurant since I moved away from Texas!  Another AMAZING plus is that they have vegetarian fajitas.  As a Mexican food lover and a vegetarian I usually have plenty to eat but have always missed fajitas more than anything.  I got the fajitas with fried yuca which where absolutely spectacular.  I asked for extra cheese and she didn't charge me, plis it came with sour cream and guacamole.  They also have tostones (patacones) which are fried plantains before they are sweet.  These are my favorite appetizer that I never thought I would see again outside Ecuador.  My boyfriend got the enchiladas special which he said was good but my fajitas were much better.  They also have different deals for each day of the week.  We got 2 for 1 mojitos (5 bucks total) that were decent but weak.  The bathrooms and ambiance are certainly nothing special but the prices are so cheap there is no reason to complain!  Overall I absolutely loved this place and it was so refreshing to get a huge delicious meal for half the price of every other restaurant in a 2 mile radius.  I absolutely recommend this place!I paid $24 for some lettuce a couple pieces of chicken and some really disappointing cheese dip. Stay away from this place.I know that many reviews have said this place is grungy or dirty. Some have even said they have seen roaches running around. I can only comment on my experience. Having been here I can see why people have said what they have about this place. 
I will say that it is an absolute hole in the wall and could be cleaner. I never saw any bugs and my experience was pretty good. I would call the food close to excellent and good authentic Spanish food. I think they refer to themselves as a Cuban restaurant but the menu is more Spanish. I would recommend the enchiladas or Puerco Frito. This place is truly a good Mexican place that you feel like you're in Guadalajara. All the waiters speak very little English but they have great service and good portion sizes. For all these reasons, I give it a 4 out of 5 starsThe health department should close this place down.  
I guess if you see roaches coming out of your chips or running across the table you know those particular critters aren't going to end up in a bite of food (don't know about their friends, though).
Be aware that they add an 18% gratuity to EVERY BILL, even if you have a table for one.  Unbelievable.Great old time place in the quarter. Large menu mixed with cuban. Weekday specials. Good prices. Wish it were closer to my house.I didn't find it as bad as everyone says.   I ordered 2 tacos which were really good.  The order came quickly, staff was pleasant, no complaintsi very rarely feel so strongly about a place that I would take the time to write a negative review. 
that being said, this is by far the nastiest place I have eaten in my life. roaches running all over the bar, behind the drink coolers, and as another yelper has already pointed out.....even in my menu. 
I preemptively ordered a cuban when I found the roach in the menu and quickly then another small one on the corner of my buddies plate. 
I immediately told the waitress about our 6 legged friends and that there was no way we were eating this and wanted our check for the beers.
Of course we were still charged full price even though neither of us would dare eat a bite. 
I do not know how his place passes food inspections or how anyone eats here much less enjoys it. I only feel it my duty to warn others what they are in for. 
oh and fyi....i have several friends who are chefs throughout town and recently at a pot luck i started out with "i went to the nastiest place ive ever seen in my life the other day" to witch 3 of them in unison yelled out...."COUNTRY FLAME." we all had a good laugh....at least something good came out of my trip there.The Ropa Veija was amazing and the service was top notch! I will be sure to come here every time I'm in New Orleans.Omg!!! What can I say, this place is just amazing!!! The margaritas are so good and strong!! The street tacos are to die for! If your on a budget make sure you go Tuesdays and enjoy their $2 taco special, you will not regret it!I did not like this place at all, for a Mexican, Cuban, Latin American and Spanish restaurant--it lacked majorly in menu options. It was just depressing; I was looking for a god Spanish dish and nothing., same goes for Mexican and etc. The service was not that great either, where I ordered and I expect you to come and check if the dish was fine, or if I need anything else., well that wasn't done. The bathrooms are dirty and small; silverware was a 50/50 chance of being clean or dirty. Just a pity. 
I was there on 5-27-16 at pm hours. 
If you want a better place you should go to Felipe's.Honestly, I can't give this place even one star but I guess I have to for review purposes. As a Cuban from Miami I thought this place would have somewhat decent food but I think they have it all wrong. 
The whole place is dirty and the workers look like they don't care about the customers. Their "Cuban food" is very textbook and it's taste lacks flavor. 
I can't even bring myself to write a full review because it is just not worth it for me. 
Stay away....This is an odd but good restaurant.  They claim to have Mexican and Cuban food, but not really. . .it is sort of a combination of a variety of Central American food by way of someplace else.  Anyway, I ordered a combination plate with cheese enchiladas, but it was more like a quesedilla since they were made with flour tortillas and no red sauce -- no sauce at all, although the salsa provided for the (just okay) tortilla chips worked fine.  The rice and beans that came along with it were yummy but more like the type served in Brazil than I'm used to finding in Mexican restaurants.  My companion loved his empanada.  The restaurant was quite dark and we sat at a rough wooden bench & table combo like you'd imagine in an inn in a fantasy novel.  The sangria was very cheap and sweet but had no fruit in it. There was uber-violent no-holds-barred kick-boxing on the tele.  So, all in all, recommended but a little weird.
Also, there were a bunch of policemen eating there, and that is typically a good sign for a restaurant.I order some and they gave me the wrong order then started avoiding my calls. I will never eat here again plus as a store owner, never in my life will I refer people to this stupid restaurant.First day her in New Orleans and was absolutely starving. Walked around and caught their menu outside. Portions were perfect, staff was beyond amazing. Will definitely come back here before heading back home.While I was in New Orleans for a weekend visit we got to talking about different food that the city might have to offer. Obviously New Orleans is a good place to be if you happen to me craving Cajun or Clams.
What I decided was that New Orleans should have a somewhat decent Cuban American population,..nothing like what you would find in Florida but we were able to find a number of Cuban restaruants.
After driving past just about every single self styled Cuban restaruant (All of which were closed on Sunday.).
We finally came across Country Flame. I ordered up the Ropa Vieja and Fried Yucca. Both were very good. The Yucca was served with a lemon sauce and melted cheese on top. I must say that the Yucca was better than pretty much any other place where they had it on the menu.xlnt food and very reasonable.i had the rib eye steak for 12,my wife had the tuna steak for 10,and my daughter had the baby back ribs for 12.all xlnt.i dont know how they do it for that price.best kept secret in the french quarter.you can put up with the atmosphere,when you see what youre getting for youre money.Cockroach in the restaurant during our meal. Got orders wrong. Food sucks too. Don't ever come here.Friend frequents quite a bit because it is basic mexican/cuban. And if you want to get away from the in-your-face Cajun around town, it fits the bill.
Saw my friends viejo and it looked tasty. I only had the margaritas, and although small by my standards, still tasty..
Yes there was a cockroach in the bathroom, but if that scares you, spend $$$$$ at Antoines.Very poor food quality and grossly overpriced my tamale was like soggy tasteless with almost no pork, my wife git the fajita version small portion and just not very good.We stopped here on our first night in New Orleans and absolutely loved it! The service was great, our waitress was super friendly and helpful. I ordered the Honduran empanadas and the Mexican pizza and both were superb! The Margarita was great as well. Would definitely come back!!This dive vibe Mexican restaurant had several vegetarian options, good service, and delicious sweet plantain veggie fajitas.I really wanted to like this place, but ...
The Country Flame is in an unassuming spot on the corner of a building behind the Walgreens on Iberville, across the street from the Hotel Monteleone. It caught our attention as we walked by one afternoon because they were blaring Cuban music out onto the street and my husband recognized a song his dad used to sing. The menu board out front looked interesting so we came back later for supper.
There's a certain charm to the interior. It's a bit run down, the murals on the walls are kind of amateurish, and the décor could be better, but it looks like a family run operation and all that's OK as long as the food is good.
We were seated at a table for two near the swinging doors into the kitchen (insert ominous music here). The service was great. My husband was happy to be able to speak Spanish to the young lady who took care of us ... and everybody else. It's a small place. 
The complimentary chips and salsa were good. The drinks were wonderful. We both ordered piña coladas, and they were large and potent.
For supper I had the beef Ropa Vieja (with house salad, white rice and black beans), and my husband had the Puerco Frito (with Tostones and a couple of mystery dipping sauces).
The black beans were absolutely delicious. The white rice probably came from a box; there was something off about the flavor and texture. The "house salad" was just a few pieces of lettuce and chopped tomatoes on the very edge of the plate. The Ropa Vieja was good. Nothing spectacular, just good. 
My husband was really disappointed with the Puerco Frito. The menu says that it is "delicately fried pork, marinated days in advance to ensure tenderness." No. That's not what he got. He got some dried out lumps of pork that desperately needed the assistance of the mystery dipping sauces to be edible. 
Just as we were finishing the meal, the server went into the kitchen through the swinging doors (instead of doing what she had to do at the pick-up window) and I got a glance at a very dirty floor and piles of boxes and equipment. I watched the door until she came back out to confirm what I saw. I suddenly regretted coming here.
It's a real shame because everyone wants to support "that small family-run restaurant that may not be fancy but serves good, authentic cuisine" ... and this just isn't it.Found Country Flame in a walkabout and actually navigated our way back when we needed dinner that evening. The joint (I use that term because this place is small and not fancy in any way - but I love a good joint) was not super busy (unlike every breakfast we've had so far in NOLA) and wasn't super noisy. We were seated right away at ~7 pm.
Our server (friendly but reserved) was quick with drinks and chips - the salsa is thick and has a little kick, but good. We ordered tostones. They arrived hot and thick. The dipping sauce was a nice complement to them but had to ask for "ketchimayo" which they did not have (she brought us a cup of ketchup and a cup of mayo = DIY but it worked).
The 3 of us ordered a variety of dishes. My mom snagged a beef taco and beef enchilada - the meat was very good and she dove into the fried beans and rice.
I ordered a chicken enchilada that came with rice, lettuce and tomato. This was the perfect plate for me, right down to the fried cheddar stuck to the dish that YES I DID PEEL IT OFF TO EAT IT. Topped with the salsa, I polished off the whole thing and.....
I stole bites off my husband's dinner. He got the fried pork with yuca fries and rice. The meat was amazing and the fries were thick cut and delicious. (I think he brought some back to our room... I gotta peek in the fridge and see what I can pinch.)
Every Spanish place is different, putting out their own flavor. This one worked for a white girl from upstate NY, a CA-turned-NYer, and a NY-born Puerto Rican. I think we may have to go again before we leave!I love Country Flame. The enchilada fiesta is my favorite dish. It is the daily special on Wednesdays, but you can pay $2 more to get it it any time. The salsa is delicious and tastes so fresh. Service is usually quick and efficient. Do not judge this place by its cover and give it a try!Sometimes when it's late and you're hungry and everything is about to close you get in a hurry and make bad decisions. This was one of those times. I'm not upset about the 1 star minimum in this case because the salsa was ok, the margaritas were ok, the refried beans were ok and the service was good. But the meal...the meal... It was probably the worse I've had in a decade. Got the "steak" and chicken fajitas. I swear that school lunches in Siberia have to be better. The "steak" was the toughest meat I've ever tried to chew, and it's not even close. Honestly deplorable. I'm guessing they buy the lowest grade available for human consumption. Not only did it lack any semblance of tenderness, but it also had awful flavor. The chicken was only slightly better. It wasn't as tough, but had the same borderline offensive taste. My dining partner had a "steak" enchilada and couldn't finish it either. Instant regret and waves of disappointment as we walked down Bourbon Street. I beg you to learn from the error of my ways and do whatever you have to do to avoid the same fate.So we came here to mix up our cuisine and let me tell you... THIS IS NOT MEXICAN. The "cheese enchilada" was just a store bought tortilla with cheddar cheese all over it. The "soft shell tacos" same deal, store bought tortillas with lettuce, cheese, and thankfully some meat to give me something to eat while I sit here. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Oh and not to mention the chips and salsa were not even salvageable. Chips store bought and stale, and the "salsa" was store bought enchilada sauce in a cup. Don't botherThe wife and I stopped by for lunch. Waited was awesome. However, even though no one was here it took forever to get our food. We asked for chips while we wait and when the chips came out there was a live roach on the bowl. Eggs came out raw and had to be sent back.came here years ago and didnt remember having a bad experience so  after all the eating out added up, we decided to come back and get some cheap food...
we started off w/ some empanadas, not bad but kinda sweeter than i thought it should be, tasted better after i dipped it in salsa
for entree i had the ropa vieja, blah, kinda bland, tasted a little better when i poured salsa on it, but why should you need to do that right? the white rice it came w/ was over cooked, cold, and oily.  
i also ordered a mojito bc on Wed.'s, they have a buy a mojito, 1 get 1 free - dont even bother, it was straight nasty, no sugar. i think they just used mojito mix and rum, EW.
our waitress was very nice tho, she even took off the mojito i ordered since she noticed i didnt drink any of it.
maybe i ordered the wrong thing, but i doubt  i would come back.I've been visiting New Orleans for decades now and I have never seen this place before. My loss completely. I stumbled into this place after leaving a bad experience from another restaurant around the corner. I ordered the Honduran Enchiladas and the were freaking awesome. My wife had the Ropa Vieja which was very flavorful and very tender. The black beans were great and so was the rice. The salsa did not disappoint either. I will definitely return next time I'm in NOLA.  I'm not sure why this place is getting a low rating on Yelp.  Although, it may not be the cleanest place I've ever eaten, it's not that bad. Not too many restaurants in that area that are clean in my opinion. Our service wasn't bad either, the waitress was attentive and very friendly.I have to be brutally honest and warn everyone that this restaurant has a serious rodent problem. We had just finished our tacos when a mouse crawled up on our table. We then saw rodent droppings on the window sill. We paid and got the hell out. Hopefully we won't get sick as we have to fly out in the morning. Fingers crossed.This is a neat little place just inside the Quarter. Authentic Cuban/Latin American/Mexican fare. Kind of small, the decor a little dated, but the food is pretty dang tasty!
Our server was a friendly guy who was very knowledgeable and quick with menus, drink, etc. He made the stop at the restaurant hassle-free.
THE FOOD:
Chips and salsa came out first. The chips were hot and crisp and nicely salted. The salsa was smooth, flavorful, had some heat. Very good. Our server said they make all their sauces in house. 
I ordered 2 carne asada tacos, and a pork tamale. It's not a Mexican style tamale, but more a Honduran style, large, moister and full of pork, and vegetables.  I tasted potatoes and corn. Wrapped in a plantain leaf and steamed, it's a great side dish. Lots of flavor, and I loved it. 
The carne asada tacos were also very tasty. The meat was tender and grilled nicely. Shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, and a salsa Verde served with it. Tasty. Wonderful...except......
 served with cheddar cheese??
An authentic queso, or cojita , fresco, Chihuahua..would have made it excellent!!!..
Overall, a great place if you're in the Quarter.  Not TOO expensive for the area ($26. Bucks for my meal). 
I'll check it out again.Had dinner here on a recent trip to New Orleans during JazzFest. We were looking for a restaurant a little quieter and more reasonably priced than those on nearby Bourbon St. I was psyched to see mojitos on the drink menu- unfortunately, mine seemed to be mixed without alcohol. I popped into the restroom before dinner to wash up, after waiting for one of the two waitresses to come out. She left the toilet in a completely unacceptable state, making me wonder what the employees were doing in the kitchen when they couldn't be bothered to keep up sanitation in public areas accessible to customers. I asked to speak to the manager after my  (mediocre) meal and was met with a blank stare when I explained the situation. Disgusting- do not dine here!First time here.  Was seated, and ordered an Abita Amber, $5.  Chips and salsa arrived.  The chips looked and tasted homemade to me, but I didn't ask.  The salsa had the smooth consistency of a sauce, had a tiny bit of heat, could have used maybe a little more salt.  Added it myself, no biggie.  
Ordered the Mexican Platter entree, $12.50.   Came with refried beans, saffron rice, an enchilada, and a hard taco.  Got the enchilada with beef, the taco with chicken.  The beans were delicious, creamy enough, and seasoned.  The rice was cooked perfectly, and looked lovely.  Definitely could have used salt, but  when eaten along with the beans it was fine.
Beef enchilada was steamy hot, covered with cheddar cheese, and tasty.  The chicken taco was also nice.  Basic, solid food.  Added some of the salsa to the rice to give it a bit more kick.  Had to make myself finish off the platter.  Was getting rather full with about a quarter of it left.  
I'd go back.  Their breakfast menu looks good, and is also reasonably priced.Where do I begin...
Um - gross! My husband and I went there based on a recommendation from a local. Dumpy, expensive, bad food. Ordered the special - pork tamale. It was fatty and pork was in huge CHUNKS - flavor bad. Chicken tacos - average at best. My husband ordered the shrimp fajitas. Maybe six shrimp swimming in onions and green peppers. This sides were a tsp. of sour cream and tsp. of quacamole.  The refried beans were cold - rice - OK. 
Expensive and less than mediocre. We were not pleased. Our combined total was over $40. We would have done better getting food from a street vendor.  Tucked in between strip clubs. I would recommend skipping past.Definitely saw a rat run across the bar.  Waitress definitely did not give a shit.  Now I am trying to sanitize my mouth/belly with mint juleps.  Don't go here.This place is disgusting. I am from Atlanta where the Mexican is hardly ever "authentic" and it is 100 times better than this place. When you see the sign for this place run away as fast as you can. You will thank me later. I'm actually on my way out the door now!I freakin love this restaurant. Cheap big steaks.  Great food otherwise to..  My favorite place to eat  b4 workThe worst tasting, the most expensive and the longest wait for a burrito ever - ding, ding, ding - they win!  The guacamole is definitely store bought - you can get better one from Costco or Trader Joe.
Imitation crab meat in the seafood soup.  Few old shrimps, few pieces of fish, half of a blue crab? and plenty yucca.
We were the only two new customers besides the existing three - two nearly done eating and the other already ordered.  
It took ~15 minutes for the shot of Cuban coffee, which got cold in a minute from AC.  Took over 30 minutes for the burrito and soup.  
Horchata is likely the Kern's boxed one - if home made then they don't know what they are doing, but then no surprise.  It was basically milk with a LOT of sugar with barely any hint of cinnamon.  I was hoping the ice will melt and dilute the sweetness but nope.  Bless our waitress (only reason for 2 stars), noticed and asked if something is wrong with it, told her too sweet and she offered to get me something else.
Wrong decision to give them a try - they are mostly empty for a reason.This place doesn't provide a terribly attractive or inviting environment. Horchata was the worst I've ever had. Had to ask for it twice too. When my vegetarian nachos came, they were just retried beans, rice and cheese on tortilla chips. Extra annoying because I asked for them without cheese and even saw the waitress right it down. Staff was very nice and accommodating, they redid the nachos in a jiffy. But they were still pretty bad, and not very large for the price.Nothing about this place has any authenticity.  Over priced food that tastes like Taco Bell.Had dinner with our family.  Came highly recommended by a friend.  The place was empty, the chips were greasy.  The food was very expensive, and not very good.  Wish I would have eaten in the French Quarter instead.  On the plus side, decor was kind of cool, the waitress was friendly, and the margarita was good.This affable pan-Latin dive is carefully tucked away within the French Quarter's red light district.  The service so apathetic that they'll pretend not to be fluent in English as an excuse for getting your order wrong, or taking 50 minutes during the lunch hour, or why your table isn't clean...
But so what.  The final result is still flavorful and the portions are very good for the price.  It's reliable, and there really isn't anything else like it between the FQ and Kenner (where these sort of places are plentiful).
But if you give them more than the value of your meal in cash, they'll assume it's a tip and won't make change unless you request it.
Ellos tienen sabor!The bell captain at the Marriott referred me to this place, which is on a small street behind the hotel.  I had about 20 mins to grab a quick bite before heading out to the airport, so I took him up on the reco.
From the outside the place doesn't look like much, and the interior shows that they don't waste any money on decorators or designers.  The waitress was very friendly and assured me that I'd be outta there in 20 mins.  I ordered the fried catfish po boy, and was given chips and salsa while I waited.
The po boy was AWESOME!!!  It was freshly fried and was steaming hot and crunchy and the flavor was great.  It was the best fried fish sandwich I've ever had.  I was out of there in under 20 minutes with a full stomach and satisfied taste buds.
The prices were great, I had a huge sandwich, chips and salsa and an iced tea, all for under $10.Tight, dingy, food ok, service good, very pricey and draft beers not so cold. Our table was dirty when we sat down. Probably won't be back. Nacho chips and salsa best part of meal.My first time here. Cuban sandwich- not good- it tasted as if the meat had gone bad. And before the waitress ran my card she said I had to tell her how much the tip was gonna be ( ostensibly because of their new machine).REALLY not good. I told her I wasn't going to do that, & amazingly, they were able to run my card anyway. I left cash for a tip. 
 And by the way, the waitress was very nice. She was just following instructions.I have not been to Country Flame in over 10 years - and that's because my last 2 experiences there were so HORRENDOUS!   Service - sux, food - sux, ambiance - filthy.  The only thing in its favor, is it's location and its cheap.  When tourists ask me where's a good place to eat, I only send them here if I don't like them.Absolutely amazing food!
Service was friendly and welcoming. My husband ordered the seafood soup, and commented that it was the '...best meal in New Orleans'. It was packed full of whole sea animals like: head-on shrimp, crab, large  chunks of fish. 
Diverse menu includes vegan and vegetarian options. ( I created my own plate of : black beans , pico de gallo, guacamole, and corn tortillas. 
We ate on the two-table covered patio. Staff was kind enough to shut off the blaring music for us. 
We left stuffed full and smiling.Yummy food. Hole in the wall but a great find. No bugs despite other reviewers saying so. All in all good experience.Really enjoyed this place.  Felt right at home here.  Food was excellent.   The plantains the height of perfection.   The service was a little slow but it didn't even matter.  Waitress checked on us frequently and we had plenty to drink and chips while we were waiting.  Will visit again next time in town!Unless you, for some reason, find yourself wandering the jambalaya capital of the world craving Mexican food and don't want to search very hard, avoid. Tostones were hot (good) and bland (bad). Horchata was gross...it tasted like whatever the (also not great) daquiri bars in the area had lying around.After eating lunch here yesterday with my companion , I really struggled with giving this place any rating.
We had been coming here for 27 years and this visit was the absolute worst.
Oh, where do I even begin to start?
First, it took 40 minutes to get our entrees and there were only three other tables being occupied.
Secondly, prices charged versus portions served is outrageous. I ordered the Ropa Vieja plate (which is my favorite dish here). I was quite disappointed. A small scoop of white rice, a small scoop of  black beans, some shredded lettuce with a few diced tomatoes and a meager serving of Ropa Vieja. $16.95? What the heck is this? 
Our waiter politely explained they were under new ownership and management...then he disappeared until our check was delivered.
Now let's talk about food quality. Piss poor in my opinion. The beans and the Ropa Vieja were virtually flavorless. My companion ordered the Honduran Enchiladas ...ummm...they were actually tostadas not enchiladas. They were pretty to look at but tasteless. Nothing special here.
Our feet stuck to the floor, the bathrooms had flies and reeked of urine. Trash strewn about the floor....yet our waiter stood outside the door chain-smoking.
 I've been to dive bars in Mexico that were more sanitary than this place.
We'll give it another go in a couple of weeks. Hopefully, I have a better review.Probably the worst food ever served at a restaurant. It's hard to imagine that anything is made fresh here. First sign was the powdered  tea they served, then the jar salsa and chips our of a bag they served. Cheap store bought tortillas. We couldn't even stomach the food. 
We had to tell the server how bad the food was and we couldn't eat. The manager charged us for half of our meals and full price for the tea and guac.The staff I interacted with did not speak any English which meant that instead of the special (three enchiladas rice and beans) I was charged for all items separately. The item on the Wednesday special is $9.75 however this bill was over $26. After questioning them about the difference in cost I realized it was going nowhere. Great tasting food but not at that cost.the prices n food was just great in this lil hideaway restaurant. the waitress was very nice n accommodating.  the restaurant was clean n comfortable however the restroom was not too clean.
enjoyed all the entrée's,served fresh n hot. countless refills of tea.This is one of my favorite restaurants when I am working in the Quarter. Consistently good food. The lady back in the kitchen is the real deal. All the wait staff are nice folks, and I eat here most of the time I am in the Quarter. Not expensive. Not fancy. Consistently good. If it takes too long to get your food, it is because you hit it at lunch time and your food is being made from scratch. I go back here almost every day when I am in the Quarter.Definitely the worst service I have ever seen I would never recommend going to this place. We waited almost an hour for food and part of our group decided to leave and was called a thief for doing so.We ordered the ropa vieja and an empanada. The ropa vieja was the worst that I have had. It was poorly seasoned, the rice was under cooked and the dish was just barley warm. The empanada was actually pretty good and was nice and hot. This place is was filthy and they had hair underneath the plastic glass that was covering the table. The service was a little slow, but I will admit that the place was extremely busy on Lundi Gras (the night before Mardi Gras).We went on the reccomendation of a local. We are not sure why the tamale was served. It seemed commercial an microwaved. The service was slow like you will get it mañana. Not authentic or good @ all. You would be better off to go to Felipe's the service and food is way better.ate here on 11/27/12 Tostonies good,Flan Great. Saw two varmints run across room. PO-boys OK. Cuban combination plate gave me serious reflux(spice ?)but tasted fine. Pat G-corpus Christi,TX.We stopped here for dinner.  They didn't care that we brought in our own drinks (since we hadn't finished them).  The Cuban food was pretty good.  He got the Cuban sandwich and loved it.  I got a beef and chicken taco, and they were okay.  I could have used a lot spicier or just more flavor.  Overall, good quick food, but nothing to write home about.Well back in town so can add all the reviews that i did while in New Orleans.  I was here Friday for lunch.
I give directions based on restaurants so you would expect I travel based on gastronomic choices!  The conference is here so I am too!  Having lived here I love coming back and eating. Since I WAS a local I go back to the hole in the walls.  
This is one of those. There is nothing New Orleans lavish - no BAM when you walk in and that's the secret. I love the Cuban food here  everything I've gotten over the years is great. This is the food su mama would cook! 
The puerco frito, tostones and yuca are the standard I judge all others by!$8 for 3 tacos that are clearly overloaded on Monday's! Cuban coffee! This is the first time I ate here and I'm coming back!  The meat on the tacos have flavor not like everyone else's taco specials!!! I have a limited time lunch and the food came out quickly! Now to drink my Cuban coffee to get me through the rest of today! This rating was strictly posted about the Monday taco special. Based on that I'm still coming back. 
The staff was very polite.Service was amazing, food was good and the prices were the best yet! A ton of food for a great price. Also have a full bar!So, we stopped here twice during the four days I was in New Orleans. The first time was our first full day. We'd been out too long on Bourbon Street the night before, it was middle of the afternoon and I was starting to wind down. 
Country Flame is an unusual name for a restaurant that features Cuban, Spanish and Mexican cuisine. And, I suppose this type of food is something you don't think about when you go to New Orleans. But, the Spanish did have control of the city prior to the French, and the architecture around the French Quarter has a strong Spanish influence. So, why not?
The first time I went, I had a Cuban coffee. It was among the best I've ever had. Our last night in the city we decided for a late dinner at Country Flame. I had their Tamale with black beans and rice. The tamale is more of a South American version - larger than what we typically think of in the US, and it was wrapped in a banana leaf. It was quite good. The chips and Salsa they serve before you order were good - the chips were warm and the salsa had a nice bite to it. We also had an order of Guacamole which I thought was only okay - it was too smooth - as if they ran it through a blender.
But, the experience was great. The server was outstanding and made the night special.The tamales and guacamole salad were awesome- I think the ladies cooking in the kitchen are Nicaraguan- the pork tamale was wrapped in a banana leaf and had slices of potato and onion it- this is what led me to believe the cooks were from Central America- my boyfriends ropa vieja was not exciting and the queso he ordered was fluorescent orange and fake- the salsas however were pretty damn good!I was in New Orleans for a conference, and found this gem while out in search of hole-in-the wall, non-touristy places.  The cuban fare is excellent: I ordered steak with rice and beans, and a side of fried yuca.  Fantastic.  The wait staff is friendly, even entertaining.  It took a while for my to-go order to be ready, but I didn't mind: I was at the bar drinking beer out of an ice-cold mug.  Huge portions, very reasonable prices.Works for me. No wait to be seated. Served drinks quick enough for NOLA standards. Food came in ok time but never brought our side dish. Service was meh. Food was decent but nothing special but definitely satisfying enough. Got beef, chicken, bean, and catfish tacos. Catfish and chicken were the best overallCarpet of Cockroaches! Disgusting food! Being from SoCal we made a big mistake attempting to eat Mexican food I'm Nola! This place was horrible....and that's being nice! If 0 stars was an option, well, they wouldn't even rate that!! I can't believe the health dept. hasn't shut this craphole down! Eat anywhere else but here! Eat at daisy dukes or the little dive bar down the street! Ugh...my stomach's churning just thinking about the food we barely ate there!Oh God I love this place. Its funky, cheap and delicious.I finally tried their Cuban sandwich. It was pricy, $10+, but tasty. I probably wouldn't get it again for lunch at work just because of the price, but I'm glad I tried it.  In general, their prices are just too high for their food quality. I've got 50+ delivery menus in my folder to choose from daily, and over half of them offer great sandwiches for less than $8, so there's just no incentive for me to order this very often. I do miss their flautas, which are no longer on the menu.Wow, this place is actually the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Do not go here. Taco bell is better, sadly.