Muffeletta sandwich was good but too greesey.Gave this an extra star because the service was quick and friendly. But really, the food was more or less Alpo. Got a meatball poboy with something they called marinara, but it was some kind of canned fecal matter. My lady friend felt similarly about her roast beef with gravy. My advice is to go anywhere but here.Serves up a decent po-boy... nothing to write home about, though. I bought the bbq pork one, pretty darn good and very filling. I'd like this place better if they had a bathroom. Also, if the employees didn't look and act like they hated their lives.I wish I could leave zero starts. We were here on vacation and honestly really enjoyed the southern hospitality. That all ended on our last day in NOLA when we visited this establishment. First we were not really acknowledged when we entered. But when we were we were told to "order where the sign says order here" despite that we decided to order. The sign outside said they had amazing Boudin, so that's what I ordered. But had questions about the rest of my order. The guy who took my order very sarcastically said "dang, how many questions you gonna ask". Since this place was recommended we ordered and figured the food would be better than the service. Were we wrong. We watched them MICROWAVE our food. it's an open "kitchen " so you can see everything. My wife and I looked at each other hoping that they were not microwaving our food. Unfortunately they were. The Boudin was advertised as spicy.... Not everything was just a rubbery mess. We didn't ... Couldn't even eat the food. Do not eat here unless you like microwaved false advertisement and rude service.They microwave the muffulettas. I'm pretty tipsy as I write this but if I were you I would not eat here. My sister made me eat here during red dress run and it was gross. Who microwaves muffs? Ugh I might be quite drunk right now but don't microwave sandwichesIf you'd like to treat yourself to one of the worst "meals" in NOLA, with some truly awful "service", here's your chance. This place is awful. The only thing worse than the bone-dry "jambalaya" with mystery meat was the rude employee yelling at visitors that they were closed... and telling these visitors (they weren't customers after all) to put on shirts, even though they obviously weren't staying there. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.Horrible - food tastes bland/stale.
However what was most concerning was the angry racist man yelling at potential customers, often scaring them away. Highly offensive.
Do. Not. Go. Here.This was a disgraceful establishment. 1st. I was annoyed the employee yelled at 15 people stating they were closed with no signs or closing the doors. Then this employee made snide comments to people who didn't have a shirt one when all he had to do was say sorry due to our policy we cannot allow guests without shirts. Saying no shirts no entry bye is probably not proper. Next the food is terrible. Might as well have cooked that food on Bourboun street itself with all the horse poo. Meat was cold but rice was hot? Guess the meat was frozen and not thawed all the way. Gross. The food had no flavor but was salty. The bread was stale and went right in the trash. Stay away. Garbage.Popped in for a quick lunch.  It's just a hole in the wall but that hole put out some tasty food.  I had the red beans and rice.  Delicious!!  tasty beans and it came with a sausage link on the side.  Smokey and tasty sausage.  Red beans all saucy and delicious.  OMG. Would certainly go back.  My wife had a shrimp Po Boy.  Crunchy bread and fresh ingredients.Absolutely wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. There were no redeeming qualitites of my visit here. The staff wasn't very nice, hostess or chef. The food was very expensive, considering you are paying for them to basically assemble a cold, bland sandwich and hand you a bag of chips. They don't even have a selection of chips you could choose from, just a bag of plain Lays. What they serve is a travesty to Po Boys, and to just food in general. 
The Shrimp Po Boy was so disgusting that I could not even finish it. The bread was very thick, chewy (but not in a good way), and had a lot of mustard on it. The only flavor to it was spiciness, and it wasn't a good flavor. It was bland yet so hot it was hard to eat. It made me feel sick just looking at it. 
The Boar Head roast beef was not great, but I was at least able to keep it down and the idea of eating it didn't make me want to vomit.
If you are in the French Quarter, just keep walking past this place and you are guaranteed to have a better meal than anything they serve here.They can call'em po' boy's all they want, but in the end all they are are hoagies.  Well, I didn't have a shrimp po' boy, so I cannot say with 100% certainty.  My chicken "po' boy" was merely sliced deli meat chicken on a roll with the typical fixings.  It was decent, even if slightly pricey.  However, it was far from what one would expect in New Orleans and especially not what you hope for on Bourbon St!Food was amazing here! Red Beans and Rice was fantastic, Muffaleta was authentic and delicious
Directly on Bourbon st makes it incredibly useful when drinking is occurring.What better for a first time encounter with a genuine Roast Beef Po' Boy than this place, I tell you... I mean, it's New Years Eve 2008, wandering down Bourbon St. with my "Huge Ass Beer" and needed a bite to eat. Without sounding TOO MUCH like a tourist, I told my buddy "Hey, let's try the place with the big ass sign that says 'New Orleans Famous Po' Boy Sandwiches'..." 
First of all, the menu is just how I like it: SIMPLE. Check the photo I uploaded. You gotta love a sandwich that not only tastes great but you can measure the greatness of it by how many napkins it takes to keep yourself looking presentable after. (it took me a good 7-8 napkins to look like I knew how to eat like a civil human being) I actually had the combo which consisted of a bowl of Sausage Jambalaya &  half Po' Boy (roast beef w/gravy) The Jambalaya was great as well, decent amount of spice, plus a couple dashes of Crystal Hot Sauce never hurt anybody...
The business was steady throughout our time there and I noticed it got busier as the night went on...
If I'm ever back in N'awlins in my lifetime, this will definitely be one of the places I hit up. 
Like I said earlier, I thought this was a great introduction to the food in New Orleans...Little did I know that this place was just a preview of what was to come in my dining endeavors the next few days I was to spend in NOLA...Pleasantly surprised, based on the reviews. The andouille po boy had a nice spice to it. I'd go back and recommend it for a fast bite to eat. We were in, our and done.It was dirty, in bad condition and tasted awful. I paid twenty bucks for my plate with a coke which I left majority of. It was not worth even five bucks.I can only give one star because it's required before I can write a review. To sum up my experience, I'll just advise to go elsewhere for a true taste of New Orleans. Every item my party and I ordered tasted as if it came straight from a can. Nothing extraordinary about this establishment.From the street food smelled amazing. It was pretty slow meaning not many people were in the restaurant but it seems like it took forever to order. I initially wanted the gumbo and asked to taste it before I purchased well the cashier did not feel like getting me a sample so I opted for a poboy. The female fixing the sandwiches for sure had an attitude with somebody so she was not the friendliness. I ended up getting a turkey poboy which was ok definitely not worth the $13 it costed.Trash service for a meal that didn't live up to the hype. The cashier was rude as well as the kitchen staff.The po boys are mediocre the gumbo is awesome.  My whole family ate there on Sunday.  The food was hot and fresh,  the service was pretty good.  Overall not bad.  Of course,  I'm a local.  Try the chicken and andouille gumbo with lemonade.  YumEh, I kept hearing that I HAD to get a Po'boy. I dont think anyone HAS to have one of these. It was good, but it was just a normal sandwich with beef and gravy... nothing special. Pretty much a let down... not to mention I was intoxicated and still wasn't impressed.Very good, flavorful food. I ordered the BBQ pulled pork po boy and I'm glad I did. The food portion was generous.Stopped in because our regular PoBoy spot was closed and another only had spicy fried food (wife isn't into super spicy). Food is so-so, no fried foods. Two small sandwiches and two large drinks were over $30. For an $11 sandwich, I'd expect it to be a little bigger, or have more meat. Prob won't be coming back in. Place is clean and fairly quiet though.Simple, straightforward, quick Louisiana food. We ordered hot sausage on a bun and boudin on a bun. Both were very good! Great for a quick lunch or snack while on Bourbon Street.Very Bland food! Old dried out chicken in Jambalaya the rice was over cooked & only had two small pieces of andouille sausages!  Please save you money$$ and calories for some really good New Orleans cuisine! This place is not worth you time!I know that as a native of Southeast Louisiana, you never eat at a restaurant in the French Quarter. Why? Because the prices are high and usually the food is not authentic. But I was hungry, so I ventured into Court Tavern Poboys, because it looked more authentic and the prices were decent. I order a Muffaletta that comes with chips. When my order comes, instead of getting a Muffaletta, traditionally piled high with fresh meat, perfectly toasted pan bread, and fresh Italian cheeses, I get a large limp Hawaiian bun and three thin slices of meat on it, topped with packaged cheese, and dollar store olives. And the chips weren't even Zapp's they were Lays. I paid 14 dollars for this with a large drink. 
Now I know other locals will say, you know what you get on Bourbon, but people come here to experience our culture and they little get shitty bologna. That was not a real Muffaletta!This place may seem a little shady and no welcoming but you should come check it out.  I had the BBQ pulled pork po boy with nothing on it and it was great.  I was worried about it being too mustardy but it really wasn't it was a nicely balanced BBQ sauce with good pulled pork on soft French bread.  Great place come check it out as I will be back again as wellThey do a brisk business selling to drunk folks from 11pm-5am. The day time it's not so crowded. There really is no reason it shouldn't be packed either way. The hot sausage po'boy is good, a little greasy but definitely worth price, and it even comes with chips, which is not like many other places selling po'boys around the area. 
The menu is almost all po'boy along with some other New Orleans staples. What I like about this place is that the food is made right there but it takes so little time to get. The staff is pretty helpful, counter service is obviously not all the labor intensive but still friendly-especially since I meant one thing but said another and it was changed with no fuss. It's a nice change from the pizza places on Bourbon and definitely a good po'boy place.Went there during the day and the service and food was good. Went back a few days later, this time during the evening. The ghetto trash couldn't get the orders right and gave us attitude. When we called them out on it.. I Literally experienced the worst customer service that night.. Since that's all that sticks in my head, I couldn't help but to leave pissed off. Sorry to the nice man that waited on us during the initial visit, but the 2nd experience brings my rating to a whopping 1 star. Thanks, but no thanks. Will never go back.This was a great place to stop in for a quick lunch. While the prices were slightly high compared to other places nearby, it's in a touristy area, so that is to be expected. Everything had large portions, and the restaurant was nicely decorated and was clean. The service was friendly, and the meals came out very quickly. Some of the sandwiches looked fairly plain and dissapointing, but the red beans and rice was delicious and seemed very authentic. I would recommend this place for a quick lunch stop, and think it's a worthwhile place to check out if you are in the area.Do yourself a favor and run from this place.  The worst excuse for food that I have ever experienced.  I have had better Po'Boy sandwiches from my local grocery store deli.  The red beans and rice were the most bland thing that I have ever eaten.  Guys, salt and pepper are cheap spices...you should try to pick some up.  I took 2 bites of the Roast Beef Po'Boy and 2 bites of the red beans and rice.  After that, they went right into the garbage.
We should have known better when there were only 2 people in the place and no line at 7pm.  Lesson learned.Would avoid this place if you want a poboy. My GF had pulled pork and  I had shrimp. The pulled pork was okay, flavored well enough. The shrimp was a whole other story. Cold shrimp. The sauce was just a simple mustard not a remolade.
Took them a awhile to make food, and workers were rude.
Considering Poboys  cost around the same on Bourbon ($12) go elsewhere, and if in search of one while not on bourbon go to Cajun Seafood.NOT GOOD bread is stale and jambalaya is not jambalaya. 10/10 would NOT recommend. Very disappointed in this as New Orleans cuisine. Location is great, should work on better qualityI rarely give 1's as I prefer to follow the, "If you can's say something nice . . ." way of life. Not this time.
One start because, if you are really, really, really drunk it might taste okay? 
Bleh.
And salt to the culinary wound is that this is also WAY overpriced. So many other options even on Bourbon Street.Gross. Cold shrimp on a hard cold bun. We ordered two pizza boys. One with light mayo and no tomato. The other with no mayo. Both po boys came out with lots of mayo and no tomato. And our cashier asked us several times "ok, one with no mayo, the other with light mayo and no tomato?" And still got it wrong. Don't waste your time.Unclean, understaffed, disorganized, and terribly slow ... plus the food looks like it was purchased secondhand from a prison.  Avoid unless you have a fetish for disappointment.I'll be honest here, I'm pretty shocked that Court Tavern Poboys has such a low rating. While walking down bourbon st and looking for food I passed by this place and figured "well, i definitely want a poboy right now". This place doesn't look like anything special from the outside or the inside but it's also not a place that should honestly. We came here around midnight and the place was pretty packed, but the line moved super fast. The menu screams "New Orleans" with a selection of poboys, sides, and a decent selection of other items as well.  I ended up ordering a sausage poboy (I've managed to forget the actual name) and it was so so so good. It only took a couple of minutes to come out and it was filled with so much flavour that it left me with a huge smile and a full belly. This is definitely a fantastic place to stop while venturing down bourbon st, especially if you just want a quick bite!As people have mentioned, this is a small hole in the wall on Bourbon that serves up quick good food with a smi....wait, it just serves up quick good food, lol!  We both got a po'boy (Me a fried shrimp po'boy and the gf got a pulled pork one)...all I can say is, YUM!  Ordering was a breeze and the food came right out.  We also tried their "NOLA Blonde" home-brew which was actually really good!
Not a bad place if you want to pop in and grab a quick bite to eat/drink, and although the guy who took our order was cool and upbeat, but don't expect any real 'service' as you get up and get your own food and definitely don't expect a smile from the cooking staff--I felt like I was going to get beaten anytime I thought about going up to ask for something lol.This afternoon we decided to just walk until we found something - and today this is what we found. I was pleasantly surprised. I'm not sure if this is a smaller outlet for Court of Two Sisters...? The signage is for CoTS. I had an excellent hot sausage po boy (my mouth is still pleasantly burning...) and my wife had the chicken salad which was really refreshing and very good.
Despite finding this along Bourbon St., it was not a tourist trap in the least. We were the only people there and service was fast. There's a sign that says no free refills, but they gave us a refill at no cost. The portions were perfect and lunch only cost us $20! I definitely would return. They're also open late and take credit cards for orders over $10. Highly highly recommended by us!!The smell of Southern food was in the air and I popped into the first place that sold jambalaya. Court Tavern is a medium sized hole-in-the-wall place that probably makes most of it's money serving to drunks. You can tell by the fast service and mediocre quality that most people probably don't critique the food much.
- Hole in the wall style
- Open kitchen
- Fast service
- Tasty food, better with beer
- Don't expect more than a full belly and satisfied taste buds.
Everyone does their jambalaya different and here they offer it with a spicy sausage and soaked rice with chicken mixed and bread on the side. You can get all of this for under $10 and it's serves in a Styrofoam bowl. Classy? Not really. If you wanted classy you'd be sitting at Acme, not here. Fast? Heck yes, and that's the reason I came here, for a quick bite.
I didn't expect much for quality but the Jambalaya was pretty good. I don't know if I would go out of my way to eat here, but would be back if ever in the area again.Given this is my first time in new Orleans but I  had their shrimp po boy ( which mind you is not fried instead boiled and dressed with a home made spicy remoulade sauce) and it was delicious. We also tried their gumbo and it was very good. It's a little place in the middle of the craziness of all the bars so nothing fancy but for us it was pretty good.Not worth it.  Poorly prepared food served with complete indifference  (the Muffuletta was microwaved for gods sake). Then there is the fact that is very overpriced even by Bourbon street standards.  
I really feel I wasted a meal here.  We were looking for a quick bite and it was quick, but that is the best I can say.
$43 for one sandwich with a small bag of lays potato chips and a soda and a half sausage po boy with red beans and rice and a draft beer. 
Fool me once.....The guy that took our order was super rude. I asked him what made a poboy different from a regular sandwich and he held up his hand and told me to not ask him questions while he was processing our order or he would mess it up. The food wasn't memorable. I would go somewhere else.Now I know why I have walked past all these years. Jambalaya out of a box would be better. I have always told folks that you cannot get a bad meal in New Orleans. I was wrong.We were looking for a good po'boy for lunch. I ordered the shrimp boy with a side of jambalaya. DH had the spicy sausage with a side of jambalaya, I enjoyed the shrimp po'boy, sauce was nice and spicy however I expected the shrimp to be fried instead of grilled. The bread they use is very crusty meaning you take a bite and you have crumbs on your clothes and the table. DH enjoyed the spicy sausage. The jambalaya has a lot to be desired, we found it very dry, undercooked and lacking of any real taste. Very disappointing. Guess we expected more for less than $11.00 a person.I ordered a Meatball Po'Boy, and the cashier lost my ticket before giving it to the chef. This resulted in me standing around like a moron while multiple customers who were behind me in line got their food before me. When the cashier finally realized I was still standing there, she asked me what I had ordered again. I reminded her, and a couple minutes later was given a measly four meatballs on a few low-quality pieces of bread. No flavor at all and slightly cold.
When I sat down to eat, the dining room was disgusting. Food scraps and garbage were everywhere.
Worst meal that I ate my entire time in NOLA.had red beans and rice at  3 other places and both of us agree theirs was the bestStopped in during a visit in January 2017 over MLK weekend. It was not busy at all so we decided to dine in & get the shrimp po'boy. This was not a good idea. Although it was fresh the shrimp portion was NOT worth the price. Shrimp is boiled and served cold, for some reason they decide to slather on waaayyyy too much remoulade sauce which made the sandwich a cold salty mess. IF and I mean IF we decide to stop in again I'll try another menu item. I usually will give a place 3 strikes before I decide to not spend my money there, Court Tavern has strike one.Dont waste your money... I really dont know how this place is still in business. I truly belive that this business prey's on the drunk and feed them this horrible food!!!! Number one the cashiers and employees are rude... and me and my party were pretty sober when we arrived. Number two my friends gumbo was green, where do they serve green gumbo and the final strike was the sausage on a bun, It was extra greasy and squirting juice and grease everywhere. O and we cant forget the infamous bag of plain not sour cream but plan lays potatoe chips that were thrown at us. PLEASE CLOSE YOUR BUSINESS THE DRUNKS AND NON DRUNKS WOULD THANK YOU!!!!!Good late night food. They were out of fries but the red beans and rice was yummy. The beef po boy was a bit dry so I would go with something fried like the shrimp po boy because it's harder to mess that up.This place shouldn't have such a low rating. I walked in here to get a sandwich and a soda, and also to get out if the sun. It's friggin hot outside. Air conditioning was decent. About the food: It's a sandwich shop folks. The place isn't classy, but the food was great. I had the pulled pork po-boy and I'm glad I came. The prices were reasonable and the sandwich was great. I like to write my reviews when I eat. I'm noticing that there are more locals than tourists in here. That says a lot to me. The food is good and the prices are reasonable. Anyhow, you should come here if you want a decent quick sandwich, you'll like it.Horrible service here. Avoid it and go elsewhere. Waited way too long for the gumbo. Understaffed is the issue here.  Keep walking elsewhere to eat.I know that as a native of Southeast Louisiana, you never eat at a restaurant in the French Quarter. Why? Because the prices are high and usually the food is not authentic. But I was hungry, so I ventured into Court Tavern Poboys, because it looked more authentic and the prices were decent. I order a Muffaletta that comes with chips. When my order comes, instead of getting a Muffaletta, traditionally piled high with fresh meat, perfectly toasted pan bread, and fresh Italian cheeses, I get a large limp Hawaiian bun and three thin slices of meat on it, topped with packaged cheese, and dollar store olives. And the chips weren't even Zapp's they were Lays. I paid 14 dollars for this with a large drink. 
Now I know other locals will say, you know what you get on Bourbon, but people come here to experience our culture and they literally get bologna. That was not a real Muffaletta!This place was a great sandwich place right on bourbon st! Huge sandwiches and pleasant staff! It's exactly what we were looking for for a quick bite! Thank you!This place hit the spot after a swamp tour and daiquiri to start off the morning . The place is simple . You got your po' boys, gumbo, jambalaya , red beans and rice. The shrimp po' boy was nicely seasoned, grilled ( not fried) shrimp and on a nicely toasted roll. The gumbo , although not gourmet, it was tasty and filling . Service definitely wasn't with a smile but it was prompt. You get what you paid for and I was satisfied with that .Four words...Red. Beans. And. Rice.  Don't walk past.  Go inside, have a bowl of the best red beans and rice I have ever put in my face.   Sorry Mom.  Don't worry about service, there won't be any.  You go in and eat....that's it.This was the worst experience I've ever had eating a Poboy sandwich. The bread was stale and the meat and fixings were minimal and that's being nice. I rarely post reviews and this is my 1st negative review but I have to say please don't waste your time eating here! Huge disappointment!!Made the mistake of coming here with my bf and deeply regret it. It was my first time in NOLA and I was excited to get the best of the southern cooking, but this was not the place to get it. We ordered the famous "po boys" and it was gross. Shrimp was boiled not fried, cold, slathered in a gross remoulade sauce on stale bread. I could break a window with that piece of bread as hard as it was. We also ordered a small jambalaya that tastes like pollo loco rice with pieces of sausage. I really wanted to like this place but it was horrible. If you're really looking for a place to check out, go to Venti Marte, now they redeemed that horrific Po boy experience and made me a fan of Po boys.I was hungry and didn't want to wait.
Red beans and rice: 3/5. It would be a 5 if I was drunk.
Sausage: 4/5. It was pretty tasty. It would be a 5 if I was drunk.
Pecan pie: 3/5. It would be a 5 if I was drunk...notice a theme?
If you don't want to wait and just need food, then this place is fine.Staff are super nice!!!! Even after we had a little too much alcohol.  The service is fast, and they didn't mind my request for tap water.  Can't wait wait to tear into the pecan pie!!!!Food was just ok. Was looking for a Fried shrimp poboy but they don't have one- like really?I don't get the hate. It's not the best I've had, but it certainly wasn't bad. Yes, it was a little overpriced, and yes the guy taking the order was short and gruff, but it's ~on~ Bourbon. We didn't feel like walking over to Royal. Simple po'boy. And the people watching was almost worth the premium alone.A friend from Baton Rouge recommended that I go to the Court of Two Sisters.  Well, one look inside and its white table cloths were not quite what I was looking for for lunch.  But, next door was the Court Tavern touting world famous Po Boys.  The Court Tavern is owned by the same people so I gave it a whirl.  Whenever I travel I simply tell the waiter that I have never been here before and let her order for me.  She gave me the Roast Beef Po Boy "dressed" with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and swiss cheese.  The french bread was average, the roast beef was average and the gravy the meat was drenched in really lacked a definitive taste, but it was above averagely messy.  Oh ya, and it came with a bag of average Lay's potato chips.  If you are looking for a good bland meal at 2 AM to soak up some alcohol--this is your place--conveninetly located on Bourbon Street.  If not, skip the Court TavernNever in my life have I considered leaving a Yelp review, but this was an outstanding circumstance. It was all horse radish, some bread, and that's it. It PHYSICALLY hurt to eat.I had a REALLY bad feeling walking into this place.  We were the only patrons in the dimly lit dining room, aside from two surly employees behind the counter.  But we were fresh off of a foodless flight from NYC, and thoroughly starving, so we decided to give it a try.  My husband attempted to order the boudin that was advertised on a blackboard outside the restaurant, but they were out.  He switched to andouille.  I ordered a roast beef po'boy with swiss cheese, "dressed."  The sausage was a sausage, but the po'boy stopped us both in our tracks.  The roll was crackly NOLA perfection, the gravy on the po'boy melded with the mayo and cheese in a totally unexpected way.  We devoured it and it haunted us for the rest of the trip.  Sadly, we never made it back.What it lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in food quality. If you're pressed for time or just want some quick nourishment before going on to your next stop, you can't go wrong here. Solid po'boys and *very* good red beans and rice, gumbo, and jambalaya. The red beans and rice stands out in particular, and in my opinion is just as good as what you'll get at the Gumbo Shop or Coop's Place.This place suck from the service to the food. We are tourist and had questions about the Boudin sandwich since we never heard of it, when we inquired about the sandwich and dessert the cashier said "how many questions do yall have". Since everywhere we've been to has been pleasant we still ordered.  They microwaved the chilli and sausage . We bit into the food was disgusted and just left.  DO NOT EAT THERE!  We wasted 15 bucks.WORST PO'BOYS in the Quarter: skimpy, dry and outrageously overpriced;
UNWELCOMING mess hall dining area;
CHARGES TO DRESS? 25 cents to add lettuce and tomatoes!! 75 cents cheese!!
There is no reason, even being drunk off yer butt, to eat here.
WAY BETTER FQ PO'BOY OPTIONS: 
Quarter Grocery, Killer Po'Boys, Verti Marte, Nellie Deli, Jimmy John's...SubwayThe service and friendliness of the staff leaves a lot to be desired. Also the jambalaya tasted like it came from a box. If you go to eat there for free, like we did, it is worth it but otherwise no.My husband and I  are actually locals and we are both in the service industry..we decide on our day off to walk around bourbon st and get a bite to eat..we decide to eat at the court tavern  because we were in the mood for a sandwich..being we are from up north we grew up on boarshead coldcuts...which boarshead isnt to common here in nola..so we step in to get a bite ..we walk in the 2 gentlemen who were working looked like a clerk and a kitchen staff member.up front near register with their backs turned to us..we werent acknowledged at all while the 2 guys were chatting up a storm...we decided what we wanted to eat..still no acknowledgement...the clerk proceeded top to tell the other guy a story about him wiggling his penis in someones face...when I had enough of his graphic sex story I then cleared my throat very loudly..to have the clerk turnaround for the first time looking startled..he quickly aplologized for telling a vulgar story and having us overhear it....then to top it off..my husband  and I split 1 turkey sandwich(which was quite small and cheesy) 1 soda all for $15..boarshead or not!!! Sandwich tasted ok...but the  staff..ambiance,(tables were sticky and dirty)..service and portions leave alot to be desired...
Sorry....quite a disapointment..Will keep this simple and straightforward. 
Jambalaya     1 star. Dried out rice and bland.
Red rice and beans.     2 stars. Good flavor but mostly beans. Only 1 piece of sausage in the whole bowl. 
Muffuletta.     4 stars. Great sandwich just skimpy on the portions.
Customer service.  1 star. Felt like our being there was an inconvenience to the staff. When raised question about food quality was told that's how it supposed to be. 
So many great options for food on Bourbon Street, skip this one unless you only want a good sandwich.No problems with service or the food. Wife got red beans and rice. We all tried some and it tasted great. Kids and I ordered the 3 roast beef po -boys, it took a little bit to make, they toast bread to start, don't use convection oven that drys the bread out, which takes a little bit of time to do. If I wanted the speed of a Subway, that's where I would go. Sandwiches were excellent, really enjoyed the flavor of the marinated roast beef.Worst restaurant on Bourbon st. Waited forever to get food and was asked three times "what my order was because ticket didn't go through" from 3 different people. What kind of restaurant asks the customers when the person that took the order is standing right next to them. After reminding them of the order the 2nd time about 4 people were just standing around. When asked "what we were waiting on" I told them I had not received any of my order and kitchen staff gave a very rude response that, "no one told her our order" again, lack of restaurant etiquette. Very unhappy and food was not good. If I could rate 0 I would.Even the Coke was disgusting. The food is awful. It is dirty. The service was very bad. 0/10Got half the mufaletta which was pretty tasty for the quick in the go bite. The 4 stars is more for portions since even half was a huge portion and more than enough to feed one person and then some. It was a bit greasy but I think that comes with the mufaletta territory.After walking around Bourbon St for awhile, my daughter was hungry and a lot of the restaurants were closed. She just wanted something quick and light and decided on getting the spicy sausage, bowl of gumbo and some beer.
The staff was friendly and the food came out right away and was pretty good. The prices were very reasonable.My favorite muffaletta in New Orleans! Had 5 or 6 over 2 visits and this is the one to get! It might be empty or seem shady but don't think it is. Super tasty. The best part is the really warm and soft bread. Not too much meat, just enough.If I could, I would give this place zero stars.  I have never had worse service.  The lady that took our order was extremely rude.  I mean, I have never ever seen worse service in my life.  The lady in front of me asked if the shrimp was fried and she screamed NO!  Can't you read?!?! (And pointed to the sign).  I couldn't believe my ears!  Then she drug around the metal chairs on the concrete and the sound was worse than fingernails on a chalkboard.  She had completely no regard for the customers at all, and the food was not great either but this is more about the service.  If you look at my reviews, all I have ever written were 5 star reviews, this is my first negative review ever on yelp, but this place was so bad, I just had to.  The girl was a relatively young girl with tattoos on her neck (in case the manager reads this and wants to talk with this horrible employee.). And I am tatted up from head to toe, so this has NOTHING to do with her tattoos or anything else, just the service and rude behavior of this young lady.