Delicious food, especially the fried green tomato and shrimp sandwich. Both the guys working the counter were patient, kind, and helpful, especially to my mother in law who needs kind attention.
Don't imagine I'll bother finding any other po boy places, this one's the ticket.Finally made it here. Just to think I have always been only 5 min away and did not know this place was here. We will definitely be back. We got the shrimp platter and blacken fish.  If you like these. You should order from here. I cannot wait to try the roast beef after lent...yummyGreat service, food was hot and served to table in timely manner. Staff was nice and helpful with menu with first timersFood was wonderful will definitely be coming back. The fish tacos were very good and the shrimp and oysters were lightly battered and very tasty.  This place is worth the stop.This was our last stop before leaving Louisiana and this was a good way to end it. I had the 1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oyster po boy and it was huge. The po boy was definitely stuffed and huge. I would definitely come back again.Okay, I know I've been being pretty liberal with the five stars but you all understand. Right? Well if not then you obviously haven't had the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po'boy at Crabby Jacks. It's worth the extremely long drive from wherever you may be during the short hours that they are open. It's really that good guys. I can't even really explain it. The remoulade is perfect, the shrimp perfectly cooked. The only complaint I had, and I don't really think it's a complaint is that the shrimp remoulade was cold. The reason I say I don't think it's a complaint is that I can't decide if i'd have liked it better had it been warm. Either way, it's amazing and writing this review is making me hungry. Also the place was reaally packed but I didn't have a huge issue with the seating arrangement, but probably because I wasn't forced to sit at a table with strangers hearing about Aunt Mable's angina. Sit at your own risk.When you see a bunch of locals lining up for lunch you know it's gonna be good, well it was great. I ordered the regular size Cochon De Lait specialty Poboy, it was excellent and filling. My daughter ordered the regular size BBQ Brisket and it was equally good. This place is worth the drive if you're visiting the French Quarter.I like their po boys way better then Domilise's. Prices are about the same and you get wayyyy more shrimp/oysters.Go for the shrimp poboy and get here before they close in the afternoon.  The only fail was the brisket poboy which wasn't that good.Best of the best.  I've had the shrimp, cochon du lait, catfish, and duck.  Duck is so good that I can't stop ordering it to try anything else off the menu.  Pricey, yes, but so much food that I always feel a little bad for the 3+ ducks that must have given their lives for my lunch.  I've been able to finish my po-boy on my own in one sitting exactly once, and that was in the hospital after giving birth when I requested the duck po-boy as my celebration meal (note: NOT a hospital service, but rather a personal one!)
One word of caution: they charge $3 for the privilege of using your credit card, so you might want to opt to pay in cash.I've always gone for an over stuffed seafood poboy or fish tacos, but decided for a change of pace this time.  Don't know if it's new or just seemed new since it's not the direction I generally go, but went for a fleur-de-bree poboy (hot ham, roast beef, debris and gravy). Arguably the best meat-based poboy I've ever had, and I live here.  Simply, Wow.We had a car on this trip to new orleans, staying uptown near loyola, so crabby jacks was close enough and so worth the drive.  The shrimp po boy was enormous and very satisfying. The jalepeno mac and cheese was so good, I could eat that by the bucket! Like the casual vibe of the place and the prices were great for what you get.  Love the plastic crabby jacks cups I could take home also. Definetely worth the trip and I can thank yelp reviews for finding this placeI'm not gonna say too much here...they are freekin tasty.  Alot of condiments and types of poboys to choose from.  Overstuffed is an another plus in which half can fill u up.  Price is reasonable but the time this place closes is way too early.  Free parking is another bonus.The fish tacos are amazing!  Loved the flavor and the side salad was nice too.   My friend enjoyed the dirty rice and the po boy is huge.I love their shrimp po boy! They were so generous with the fried shrimp that I had to eat a lot of them separately. I'll definitely be back to try more of the specialty po boys!
Also, shout out to the awesome person who took my order. They were really nice and even gave me a free side of remoulade sauce to try out!The Jacques Imo's of lunch.  Literally same ownership.
Some excellent poboy choices ranging from traditional (catfish, oyster) to batshit crazy (fried green tomato, duck).  This place is PACKED at peak lunch times.  Its very no frills: just a cash register, kitchen, and a basic dining room.
All the sandwiches are to die for.  You simply can't go wrong.
Only downside is the ever-present smell of disinfectant.  That's a good thing, I guess, but it isn't particularly appetizing.
They take credit cards. This is just like heaven, except there's no list to get in.I am so happy that on my first trip to NOLA, I was brought here by a local.  I was blown away by the quality, taste and variety that this place is putting out.  It's a bit of a wait, but worth every second!  The shrimp remoulade  and fried green tomato po-boy fully dressed was seriously unreal, taste all the way, being from NY I just have never had anything like this.  You must go if you are able, I wished I lived here so I could come and eat here every week until I tried everything.  Seating is communal and fun, I like meeting people so this was great, I know some people don't like that.  My mouth is watering now writing this, I wish I had me one of those po-boys right now!!!  Ugh!  I was here in March of 2013Really great poboy experience, very fresh food! Reasonably priced comparatively. Go here for a no-tourist-BS great poboy!Great Po-Boys... Artsy interior, good service, cheap, and worth the wait.  I recommend the hot Italian sausage or the duck... yeah, duck Po-Boy.  Keep your cup to help the memories survive :).This is a cool spot right down the road from the hospital. It's an order-at-the-counter-then-find-a-seat type place; you'll probably have to make new friends and sit at a community table (which was fun)! :) I had the seafood stuffed mirliton with macaroni and cheese, I was pleasantly surprised when it came out on a bed of fried shrimp with a side salad. My husband had a shrimp poboy with fries and those were tasty as well. I appreciate that they use washable plates, cups, and flatware as well as paper for service, not wasting as much as some spots do. We were also checked on twice while we ate and someone came and bussed our table very politely. Good vibes here, definitely planning to go back.Fantastic Duck Po' Boy!  My wife's Roast Beef Po' Boy was just okay. I will be back.My oh my..Crabby Jack's is beyond words. I don't think this review will do its justice. You will just need to go here to understand the feeling. 
I'm from Houston, we're pretty close to NOLA, but I have yet to find a po-boy as good as the ones here. The bread is fresh and perfect. Soft but not too soft to hold the sandwich. Their shrimp po-boys are overfilling with shrimp!! So much shrimp!! Usually, I'm used to 6 shrimps per sandwich, 7 if I'm lucky. At Crabby Jack's there are probably about half a pound to a pound of shrimp!! Just look at the pictures, they do not lie. *Disclaimer: I forgot to take a picture of my sandwich because I ate it too fast.
Their gumbo is good too. $3 for a legit hearty cup of gumbo.Wow what amazing poboys this place offers. I was there with family and we ordered a variety of them and shared. The shrimp poboy comes with enough of the most perfectly seasoned and fried shrimp to make two poboys. The duck poboy and fried green tomato with a shrimp remoulade are excellent. If you are not close by it is worth the drive. The secret is out and crowds are to be expected.Re a favor.
As local as it gets. Crabby Jack's es un sucucho (sucucho, amo) en un barrio residencial que saca po-boys (sándwiches) y gumbos y comidas rápidas locales de forma casera, barata y gigantes.
Los sándwiches eran ENORMES. Hay clásicos como de langostinos, ostras fritas, pez frito y muchos más. Yo me pedí el típico de pulled pork a la bbq con salsa de la casa y una porción de Jambalaya (tipo un guiso).
Genial todo, rico, y ENORME. El sándwich por 1 dolar más lo pedís en versión king y es casi el doble de grande.
El espacio es medio choto y barato, pero es la idea. Todo decorado con Dr Bob (otra vez!)
Las bebidas salen de una máquina y te podés llevar el vaso de recuerdo (obvio lo tengo acá).
Aguante Crabby Jacks.This place is a gem. I searched yelp for the best po boy in town and found this place. This place is popular with the locals and I understand why. The food was hot, fresh, and amazing. The shrimp po boy had so much shrimp and of course I couldn't finish it all in one sitting. My family enjoyed their food as well. The staff was super friendly. Unfortunately, we did get some weird stares from the patrons but it didn't deter us. Try it out!you can't go wrong up in here.    this "commissary" for jaques imos is just as stellar as Jaques Imos.   
cochon de lait
fluer de bris
mac n cheese 
red beans n rice
gumbo
buffalo hot wings
jesus, will need to diet after this visit.  
kudo's.Perhaps the most perfect fried oyster po' boy I have ever tasted. Regret not finding this place sooner. My only complaint is the limited hours they are open. The food is worth the wait.I've passed this place a thousand times and never stopped to see why the parking lot was always full, or nearly full.  Well I'm glad I finally got to patronize this establishment.  I ordered a House Salad with Grilled Shrimp on the side.  After paying at the register,  the salad was delivered shortly after I prepared a Sweet Tea, and sat at the window counter looking at the passing traffic on Jefferson Avenue.  The salad was huge, and included mixed greens, sliced cucumbers, red onion rings, shredded carrots, and sliced tomatoes with a tangy dressing.  The grilled shrimp were the small sized variety, but plentiful, tender and seasoned to a succulent, savory flavor.  The Sweet Tea was self-serve and refillable, and the condiments included fresh sliced lemons to enhance beverages or sprinkle on seafood.  This was truly a delightfully satisfying lunch experience.Best po boys!
The atmosphere is very basic and from the road this looks like nothing. Having said that, the po boys are bomb diggity. Oyster, shrimp, cochon de lait, slow roasted duck, green tomato shrimp remoulade, just go for their signature ones.
Kinda pricey for a po boy but really worth it. Whenever my mom comes into town she needs to come here. Friends always love this place too. So worth it!Huge and delicious po-boys--we tried the shrimp and 1/2 shrimp/1/2 oyster, both were amazing!I was trying to explain po-boys to out of towners and part way through I started to realize how not impressive they really sound when you realize how much it sounds like a grinder or a submarine, but next time I get the what's all the fuss about look I'll just shove a slow-roasted duck po boy or cochon de lait po boy into their mouth.
Gourmet messy. It's the best. Haven't tried any of the other food here. Don't know if I will because it's the kind of thing by now where I can't go there and NOT order one of those po-boys.
The location is kinda weird and random, but whatevs.I haven't been to Crabby Jack's in ages. I just had to had to stop by when I noticed it was open. The food smelled amazing! Everything that I have ever had here has been great. Today I decided to order the blackened fish with dirty rice and it was phenomenal. The fish was well seasoned and moist. Dirty rice was just out of this world. It's very few place you can go to that doesn't disappoint you every time you go and this is one of those places.I've had a few things here. The po-boys are uniformly excellent, with the one quibble that they do not toast the bread. If they did, it would be the best po boys in town. The shrimp remoulade, fleur de bris and fried seafood po boys are exemplary. The cochon de lait is, well, cochon de lait with barbeque sauce on it, which I do not find appealing. The duck po boy is debris style, and the result doesn't distinguish itself as one might think. Cooked this way it is hardly discernible from roast beef or pork. The mac and cheese is a little too much like kraft mac and cheese. The entrees are ok, nothing special - stick to the po-boys.The slow roasted duck po boy is one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten in my life, and that's no hyperbole. If you're lucky to make it down to Jack's during their limited business hours (close at 3 most days) then you're in for a treat. Go with one of the Po Boys to start - if it sounds good, chances are it is. My favorites are the duck, the oyster, and the Fleur de Bree (which is ham and roast beef debris) though I haven't had a bad meal there yet. Expect to pay around $10 for a sandwich - which at first appears steep - but you get your $10 worth.What is more synonymous to New Orleans than po-boys?  
This is a topic very few people can agree because expectations and standards vary more than the melting pot which is new orleans.  So i have decided to set the rules which a poboy shop should be graded on.
Rule 1.)   A poboy shop is more than just a place that makes the best only one type of sandwich,   eg.  best roast beef or the best shrimp.. The whole menu must be considered.
Rule 2.)  I don't want to hear about the bread because that is only one aspect of the poboy,  eg.  A nice ass means nothing if the woman looks like she lives on bourbon street.
With these 2 rules to help guide me,  I must admit Crabby Jacks surpasses all of the other shops out there.  Sorry Parkview Tavern...  I am an advocate of craby jacks because their menu is like the city,  eclectic and flavorful.  I believe most descent places can make an above average shrimp poboy but Crabby Jacks goes a step further and has created the fried green tomates and shrimp poboy.  They even have incorporated a calamari poboy and a duck poboy into their menu meanwhile still carrying the local basics,  eg.  catfish,  oyster,  and shrimp poboy.  Yes their bread is amazing,  yes their sandwiches are overstuffed,  and yes their menu is adventurous.  But it is the combination of all of these factors which enables me to proclaim that,  Crabby Jacks is the best or damnit.Last meal this trip to NOLA. Missed Jacques-Imo's so squeezed this in before the flight out. (same ownership)
I will leave this as a tip but remember if you order fried chicken it takes 30 minutes. 
The chicken was wonderful, the skin was really crispy and had a flavor reminiscent of pork cracklings. Really tender, fresh, and simple. This was the best item out of what we ordered by far.
The mac and cheese was pretty gross, starchy and gooey like Velveeta. Lost a star there. If this is what native NOLAnians prefer, so be it, but it wasn't far from what KFC serves. Maybe we should have added some ketchup? :-)
Half/half po boy, simple, fresh, no frills, delish. 
Jambalaya side, solid, not memorable but good.
Gumbo - nice deep roux, lots of chunks, again, simple and solid. 
I would love to explore the menu, other dishes looked interesting like cochon de lait, and the fleur de bris. Great choice for solid, simple, working man's lunch fare in the NOLA area. Don't expect to be blown away, especially if you are familiar with Cajun food and the like, but listen, this is really good! 
Be sure to come early if you are coming during lunch because this place gets really busy fast.we were driving down Jefferson Ave and decided to stop in for a quick lunch. I'd heard about the place but we had never been there. It was wonderful!
We shared a po boy and mac and cheese and everything was great. Super friendly service and clean cute place. 
I can't wait to go back to try the fried shrimp poboy!WOW. 
In case you can't tell from the other reviews, this place is run by the same fine folks who own Jacques-Imos. The kicker? The prices are actually affordable. Sure, the bill can kind of add up, but I dare you to leave this place hungry. 
Actually we did. Why? Because we got take out, and ate it out by the fly. But then after that point, we were completely stuffed. The po-boys are all delicious. The duck po-boy is amazing, as is the cochon de lait. Though some claim that the duck po-boy's duck-flavor is kind of masked by the gravy, I think that it's still pretty good. The fish of the day is always super super fresh. 
The best thing though, is the seafood mirliton. You get a nice mix of fried foods with comfort food. The mirliton is something like a green tomato, but with more structure. The seafood stuffing is so so good, and with fried shrimp and special sauce on top, I'm pretty much in heaven. This place is a little out there, but if you're in Uptown, it's worth the trip. Hell, it's worth the trip from anywhere in the city, because this place is so freaking good. 
When you go though, don't expect a nice sit-down restaurant. They have tables, which are kind of cramped quarters. Most people just take out, and considering how close the Fly, or Audubon park are, you have no excuse not to take out, pick up a sixer of Abita and enjoy the outdoors with such an exquisitely delicious meal. 
I wish this place wasn't Lunch only, but hey what can ya do.Excellent! Had the shrimp poboy and have to say one of the best poboys I've had. Bread is just right and shrimp is delicious. Can't wait to go again.Delicious! Always busy so come early. You can't go wrong with either  the slow roasted duck, cochon de lait, or fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade. Oh! And get the Mac and cheese! A little spicy, super cheesy.Since moving to New Orleans from Los Angeles I have become obsessed with Po'boys and trying many amazing ones. It wasn't until my friend who has lived in NOLA all her life brought me to Crabby Jack's. Everything I have tried on this menu is amazing, the BQ beef po' boy is to die for. Mac and cheese creamy and with a kick (jalapeño), and the fried chicken so juicy even the breast is not dry. Every time I  have friends from out of town I take them to this New Orleans treasure. Staff are always nice and friendly and so are the customers. With picnic bench seating you get friendly with others.Crabby Jack's has a very plain exterior, but the cozy interior has very interesting artwork, all about. You have to order at the counter. We ordered fried seafood plates- Catfish & Shrimp and Catfish. Both had large portions and were accompanied by nice side salads. We found the food to be good, overall, and we recommend this place. RJTIncredible portions! Incredible flavor! And just like "she" said, Crabby Jack's fried chicken is probably one of the best things you could ever put in your mouth!I love traditional New Orleans cuisine. Crabby Jacks Delivers!!!!  Seafood platter, calamari platter, and ROAST DUCK POBOY!!!!!  Superb!  Small, clean, courteous and enough choices to satisfy ANY palate.I was recommended this place by a number of locals and I was disappointed. I've been in New Orleans maybe a year or so now and am always looking for good local food for the rare occasions I eat out. Many Crabby Jack's plastic cups are strewn across my place of work.
The atmosphere was what I expected, basic, tile floor with self serve drinks like many a barbecue place I've been to across the south. I ended up getting the catfish poboy. The fish was hands down the worst catfish I've ever had. The bread was good, the dressing was fine, but for whatever reason the actual catfish part of the sandwich was bland, poorly breaded and just awful. Maybe I made a mistake in getting the catfish; maybe this place was just too built up.
They're close to where I live and where I work so I will no doubt end up again there someday, I'll try something else and maybe I can update until this review. Until then, I can't really recommend the place.We loved this place! My mom got a shrimp po' boy, my fiancé got the fried green tomato shrimp po' boy, and I had the cheese sandwich and fries. Everyone was so kind to us, the service was quick, and the food was great! We'll be back!Crabby Jack's has the worlds delicious po-boys . Everything on the menu is to die for but the po-boys are the bombGreat twists on traditional NOLA foods (think deep-fried roast beef po-boys, duck po boys). Awesome local joint.Best oyster po-boy and chicken & andouille sausage gumbo in new orleans.  Love it, absolutely HUGE sandwiches and plate lunches.  You can even get a GRILLED shrimp po-boy here which is a welcome change from all the fried food.  We always get here right after they open, because they fill up really quickly.  I keep telling myself I have to order the roast duck po-boy, but I can't get myself away from the oyster, which I know is amazing.  Great food, very fair prices.  Always my first New Orleans stop.Gooood poboys. Pretty large. The bread is perfect for poboys...can't stand when you get bread that's too hard or too soft...it's just right.
Only problem is they don't stay open in the evenings. And be careful when leaving, people fly down Jefferson Hwy. Inside is sort of small...they have tables and chairs and a counter type seating.It was wonderful! Recommend this highly! Great service and delicious food. You won't be disappointed!Great po-boys for a good price!!! Love theoysterpo-boys. Will definitely be back. You wouldn't guess it but they have wonderful salads too. Even the small is huge. You can top them with fried oyster, fried shrimp, or chicken. Get the jacque-imo's dressing - it's like a honey mustard/poppyseed dressing mix. Sweet and yummy. All for less than $8. 
I wasn't too impressed with the duck po boy, tasted like turkey with gravy to me. 
Still my favorite place for po-boys in the city.Whenever I find myself venturing out towards Old Jefferson I start craving a Crabby Jack's po'boy.  I fell in love with their cochon de lait po'boy after one bite. So freakin good. A cochon de lait is probably my favorite po'boy when done correctly, and sister, they have got this one down. Crabby Jack's allows me to get through the time between Jazz Fest without going crazy with my pig cravings. The bread they use isn't the best and can get a little soggy if allowed to sit for awhile. It doesn't matter, the important part is the filling anyway. It is very similar to a pulled pork BBQ sandwich, but almost has a creamy taste to it. Sorry, I had to wipe up my drool. I've also tried the shrimp and duck po'boy. I really enjoyed the duck, but the sandwich itself was just too much for me. I was happier in my first few bites than I was with finishing the sandwich. The shrimp, eh. There are much better shrimp po'boys in the city for the money.  Although I feel like I write this in many reviews, this is a place to be patient. The staff seems in no rush to serve you or anyone else. Lunch time is ridiculously crazy, so head out there around 2pm. Seating is also a bit iffy, I'd recommend grabbing a seat at the high table by the window or just taking it to go. The owner also owns Jacque Imo's (as you've seen in other reviews). I'm not a fan of Jacque's but the cochon de lait makes me love Jack's. 
Breakdown of scatter brained review: (3.5 stars overall but downgrading to 3 for service mostly)
Cochon de lait: 5 stars!
Duck Po'boy: 4 stars     Shrimp po'boy: 2 stars
Atmosphere: 3 stars 
Service: 1.5 starsMore of a 3.5. I had the Oyster and Shrimp  Poboy and the the read beans and rice. I was expecting a little move of a flavor pinch from the Poboy. The beans were hearty and tasty. Had a side of Remoulade sauce that was quite good.I was craving a po-boy, and what do you know, a top rated po-boy place was right around the corner from where I was. Schawing!
I had a fried shrimp poboy, dressed, and based on other's reviews, the mac and cheese.
The poboy was overstuffed, as advertised. The fried schwimps were absolutely amazing, and I was quite happy to see so many of them that they were unable to be contained in the poboy roll. I will return here just for this sandwich, and eventually will try other choices on the menu.
The mac and cheese? I had 2 bites and tossed it. I cannot recommend it.Would you expect anything less from the lunch dinner done by jack?
Monster, delicious po-boys that have distinct flavors. (fried green tomatoes, rabbit and god knows what else)
Crowded with long lines for a reason, but still can be a little much at times. Also will put you into a food coma for next 36 hours. Dropped a star because its really an effort.
Don't be afraid to take the whole menu for a walk.Our friends we were staying with told us about Crabby Jack's and how it wasn't to be missed on this trip.  They were not lying, this place is absolutely amazing.
We had the shrimp Po Boy, which was incredible.  We also had the Gumbo, which was beyond incredible.  A smoky flavor that wasn't too intense, just right.  We originally ordered the small side but before leaving went back for a large to go!
Same owner as Jaque-imo's, and you can tell in the quality.I could kick myself for not checking in here the last four visits. So let me begin by saying this is the best place we have found so far to get shrimp, oyster and catfish poboys. Believe me, Lent is starting to feel really long so I'm grateful to be able to drop in on a Friday to assuage my lazy appetite!
So, easy-peasy, the sandwiches are fantastic. What I fantasize about though, is the remoulade sauce. I could eat that stuff straight. But why eat it straight when you can have it over fried green tomatoes? Yes, the fried green tomatoes are AH-MAY-ZING! 
So hear this my friends and family. If you come to New Orleans and you want a po-boy. This is where we're going!Crabby Jacks, New Orleans, LA
If you are looking for a spot to get decent food relatively quick, this is probably your spot. I can not honestly say this place is great, although I visited with rather high expectations. I was able to taste the oyster po boy which was too mayonnaise-ey for me, the blackened catfish which was too oily, and the Greek salad which was drenched in dressing. As I am writing this, I am realizing how critical I sound. Let me clarify, the food was decent as I said, but could have used some revisions. 
The service was nice. No one pulled out the red carpet, but people were polite, knowledgeable of the menu, and timely. The environment was nice and layer back. I would call this place a pretty casual spot to pick up a quick sandwich and move on with your life. Overall, I believe my experience here was just ok.I love Jacques Imo's, it is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  When I found out that he has a sandwich shop, I was excited to try it out.  
I took my girlfriend, so we split a shrimp po' boy and their fried chicken.  The fried chicken takes at least 20 minutes (took us 35) so keep that in mind when ordering.  The shrimp po' boy came out quickly.  It was very good.  Not the best I have had, but definitely worth ordering.  The problem is the fried chicken.  The are known at Jacques Imo's at having outstanding friend chicken, unfortunately it does not transfer to here too.  It was lack lust and had very little flavor (2 stars).    
Another plug about this place is that they have have large sized water cups, I try to stay away from cokes so having to continually refill tiny cups annoys me!This place is a little off the beaten path, especially if you are not a local (or "loc" as I like to call them). It is on Jefferson Highway near Oschner Hospital. It is very unassuming from the outside and the parking lot has potholes bigger than some on the city streets but once you get past that you are welcomed to some delicious food at reasonable prices. 
During my most recent visit, I had the fried green tomato and shrimp romelade po-boy that was full of decent size shrimp and served on very fresh French bread. It was enough to keep me full for quite a while and was only $10 for the larger version (although I am not sure they actually gave me the larger one). My girlfriend had the oyster po-boy. I would not say it was the best oyster po-boy I have tasted but it was up there. It was unbelievable the number of oysters they put on it. Toward the end she had to just start picking out the oysters. It may have been because we waited a couple of minutes to start eating it but the oysters seemed a little soggy and not quite as crisp as they could have been. 
In the past I have tried the duck po-boy and some of the side dishes. Everything I have tried has been good. For those of you who don't know, this is owned by the same guy who owns Jacque Imo's but it is much easier to get a table here.This is a five star place for a reason... the po'boys are 100% original and not your typical sandwiches. I love the roasted duck po'boy, the fried green tomato and shrimp ramoulade, and calamari. Their dressing is used with the freshest ingredients and the portions are huge! This place is great to show visitors what a true po'boy in new orleans is. Note: This place is only open for lunch on weekdays. DO NOT GO FOR DINNER OR WEEKENDS you are only setting yourself up for disappointment.If You're ever in New Orleans and in the mood for a Po Boy sandwich THIS is the place to be. It's away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter and locals eat here all the time. 
The sandwiches may seem pricey but You definitely get your money's worth. They are made to order, wrapped in white butcher paper, and can get really messy when you're eating (so don't wear white).
I have tried their 1/2 shrimp 1/2 oyster, roast duck, and fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade. All were tasty and filling. They sell their po boys in two sizes. Order the regular if You are thinking about getting a side with it. It's a small and cozy shop so if they get busy during lunch be prepared to share a table.The 4 stars is only based in comparison to other New Orleans poboys. As great a food city Nola is, poboys are not as good as sandwiches from Philadelphia (the world heaven for sandwiches), with the exception of Cochon Butcher and maybe Killer Poboys.
Had the duck, the fried shrimp, and fried green tomatoes shrimp remolaude poboys.
Duck was blah. Fried shrimp is good, but tastes like any other good shrimp poboy. The fried green tomatoes shrimp remolaude was definitely the best. The bread they use is softer than other places. 
Also had their jambalaya which was seriously blah.
Really want to try their other specialty poboys.Ohhhh Crabby Jacks is amazing killer Poboys my favorite is the roast beef. Slow cooked roast beef with yummy gravy dressed but you might wanna eat it there or your bread will be nice and soggy. But its absolutely delicious!Hands down the best local whole-in-the-wall place in NO! Their po' boys are so humongous and so juicy. Even their buns were excellently tasty! It's a must-go place in New Orleans, even though it's a good 15 minute drive from the French Quarter.Best gumbo I've had in New Orleans.  Small place and super busy at lunch time.  Everyone in my group enjoyed their meal.  Also pretty affordable.  I will comeback on my next trip. Would highly recommend.Loaded with shrimp on a soft french bread roll, tasty.  Very busy on a Sat afternoon but quick, friendly, efficent service, but nowhere to sit. $11.99 for a shrimp po boy and a drink.Holy cow! What an amazing place! We brought some family (who were visiting from Chicago) here for lunch and I can now say this is officially our favorite po-boy place. The sides were delicious. (Try the mac and cheese! It has jalapeños in it!) The potato salad was very good - cold and chunky, the way it should be. I had the shrimp po-boy and it was easily the best shrimp po-boy I've had. You definitely need to check this place out!When ever I want a really fantastic New Orleans po-boy, I come to Crabby Jacks! The best po-boy on the menu is the fried green tomato shrimp remoulade po-boy. You will be a messy sticky mess after you eat this thing, but it will be the best thing you ever put in your mouth!  
Crabby Jacks is only open for lunch, and you can usually guarantee it will be packed if you go right around noon. But even with the crowd they have fast service and you won't wait long for an amazing sandwich wrapped in parchment paper.service was super efficient and friendly, we had our order in and food out within 10 minutes. we took our plastic cups with us; a cute lil keepsake from a yummy visit. will definitely be returningThis is a great spot for a poor boy shop...come to think of everyplace is a great spot. But, this place is fun. 
When you walk in, there is plenty of sensory stimulation. You can smell the fryers going, hear the roar of a hopping place, and look at more interesting colors and items than you can shake a stick at. You can tell this place is run by some very creative people.
Now down to the food. I have never been dis satisfied with any menu item here. There is quite a variety of Poor boys, plate lunches, some salads, fried seafood...all good. 
I have seen other reviews saying its the "best ever" or "most awesome," or other such absolute terms for their comparisons. IMHO it is not those things. I think this is a first experience for some of these folks. I get the excitement. 
However, growing up in New Orleans, I have come across many, many neighborhood places and would describe Crabby Jack's like this:  It is a very nice, unique, fun, and enjoyable place. Their dishes and sandwiches are decent. It is definitely worth a visit.
I have been a few times, and will go back again (as well as my other poor boy haunts)! Hope this helps. Bon Appetite!Related to Jacques Imo's.  One of my favorite po'boy places with great traditional and less traditional fillings. 
Favorites are: Shrimp and Oyster po'boys, calamari po'boy, cochon de lait po'boy, fried green tomato po'boy, macaroni and cheeseGreat po boys, sides, salads. Average prices for typical N'awlins food. Poor Service. It gets pretty crowded around lunch time and its a small place, so it would be best to go when the crowds aren't there (hello, i am captain obvious). When it isn't crowded it takes far too long to get your food for the number of employees they have working. If you have a lot of free time this is a good lunch spot with many excellent choices.This is my most frequented establishment for poboys. Needless to say, I'm going to say this right now. They have the best shrimp poboys in town and if you're not from NOLA let me tell you, this is a very bold statement.
The poboys are pretty large even for a regular size, and they're not at all afraid to overstuff the sandwich with fresh shrimp. Best of all, all of their menu items are amazing. The fried chicken for instance will take a long time to prepare, but it is juicy and perfectly crispy on the outside. Their pasta is to die for, and they even serve great gumbo. I don't know what more you could want in a local cajun joint. 
You will most likely share tables with others as the seating is a tad limited.Excellent food, tight quarters.
If you go at lunch, prepare to wait. The food at Crabby Jack's is awesome and everyone knows it, so you will have to wait in line for your poboy. The restaurant is small so I often opt to take my food to go to escape the crowd. Typically less crowded the hour before closing l.Just ok.  Had a shrimp and oyster poboy. The shrimp in the poboy were the small shrimp. They may have been the frozen kind.  I hope that I am wrong about that.  The oysters were good.  Nothing signature about it.  Had fried green tomatoes. There were bland and as well.  When I come to NO I'm looking for a signature flavor.  This place lacked that to me.  The service was great.  Nice attentive ppl work here.I had seen so many features on the Food Network and the Travel Channel on Po Boy's that I had to have one during my visit to New Orleans.   Crabby Jack's is a tiny little place with tight communal tables. I had the regular fried oyster and shrimp po boy.  First of all, this is the biggest sandwich I have ever had.  It was so big that my sister, my husband and I could barely finish one.  Ours was stock piled with fried oysters and shrimp with fresh lettuce and tomatoes.   The bread was super soft and it was slathered with tons of mayo.  The  fried oysters and shrimp were awesome- it had just the right amount of batter and it was super hot and fresh out of the fryer.  Both the oysters and the shrimp were really big and meaty, too.  It's not something you can eat often but it's definitely a must if you're in town!This is a good little restaurant. The food is tasty and worth getting every so often. If youblooking for a non-formal place to eat, give them a try.Great locals place with incredible duck po-boy and fried green tomatoes. We had lunch here on a Saturday and it wasn't that crowded.