Terrible counter service. The man taking our order barely spoke English, it took us 15 minutes to order two takeout plates. He didn't understand our questions which resulted in us being overcharged for things we didn't want. He fixed it with no complaint but I had to figure out my own refund so... 
The food was terrible. It was just bad. We didn't make it a few blocks without the sauce pouring out of the containers and making a huge mess. We got the general tso's chicken and shrimp fried rice. Just about the entirety of both of our plates went in the garbage. Both the rice and chicken were soggy and tasteless. 
There's a much better Chinese restaurant further down Canal. We grabbed some food from there on our way home. Twice as much food, infinitely better taste, about the same price.We got crispy wings with butter garlic and one with spicy lemongrass. Both really good!  I give them 4 stars since they were slow in the order-taking and the sandwiches on the menu were not available to order, but otherwise these guys seem to be the real deal.This place has got the best Chinese lunch special on canal. Huge portions, a clean and quick restaurant, and the waiter is an old school Chinese prankster who isn't afraid to keep it real. lll be back for the Vietnamese po boy and free watermelon candy.Huge portions, tastes great, cheap - what more do i need in the a Chinese restaurant? Bubble Tea is on its way which'll be a huge plus as well.
One thing to look out for - it's VERY clean. For Chinese that almost makes me skeptical - usually I look for the three token cockroaches and dead squirrel.The whole place smells like toilet. If your brave soul is willing to look past this, the food is actually not bad. 
It seems more of a takeout place than it does an actual restaurant.
They MUST use a boatload of MSG because I couldn't stop drinking water after the meal. I ordered the grilled chicken and rice. They use chicken breast, as opposed to the dark meat I'm used to having in the Vietnamese restaurants I usually go to.
Maybe I'm just biased since you can get way better Vietnamese food in Brooklyn for a cheaper price. If/when I return to NOLA, (if the place is still open - not to be a Debbie Downer) I wouldn't come back to this place.I ordered delivery from them. Placing the order itself was pretty difficult (something I rarely notice); I think I was on the phone for ten minutes trying to order two entrees, mostly because the staff kept talking to each other while talking to me and passing me off to different employees to start the process again. So... my expectations weren't terribly high to begin with.
The food came really quickly, and I had to immediately do the foot-in-mouth thing because it was AMAZING. I had the Pad Thai and it weighed probably more than I did as a newborn. It was delicious and very fresh and 100% worth the shenanigans incurred via telephone.I have a love/hate relationship with this place. The first time I came here with a group and everything went swimmingly. We all ordered our different types of pho with a guy who seemed like the owner or co-owner with our debit cards (remember this part ok?) then took a seat and talked about the nice decor . The waitress showed up and gave us our bowls and the pho was DEE+LICIOUS! We all started talking about the broth and portion size and how it was bigger than we were used to getting. My stomach was in pain trying to finish it lol. 
Fast forward to the last time I went there, we noticed that the guy who took our order last time wasn't there, instead there was this woman (his wife?) taking orders. There was this guy in line ahead of us trying to get his order taken and this woman was talking to another woman in the kitchen about some modifications (he wanted beef instead of chicken or whatever) and the kitchen lady started yelling "WE DONT CHANGE BEEF IT CHICKEN" while the cashier lady started yelling in some foreign language. The arguing escalated to the point where the kitchen lady started yelling at the guy trying to order "WE NO CHANGE BEEF IT CHICKEN SORRY". Poor guy :(. When he tried to pay for it for whatever reason the credit system was down (we didn't know the whole thing was down, we just thought that maybe times were tough) and it would decline his card. He eventually just said you know what that's fine politely and left. 
When we ordered it was hard to communicate with her. My friend wanted spring rolls with a modification that I don't remember and what he was asking for just wasn't crossing the language barrier. Eventually we finally understood each other and got that part of the order done. We both ordered pho and I ordered a bubble tea. Paying for it was another disaster since it appears that the debit card situation from earlier wasn't because of lack of money, the entire system was down. We ended up walking to Walgreen's to get cash back so we could go all the way back to the restaurant in order to pay for our meals. We got the pho and it seemed like they forgot about both the bubble tea and the spring rolls. You would think that the bubble tea would come out first right?...right? Anyway I see them putting milk into it so I automatically think this isn't gonna be good. It was basically a milkshake with tapioca pearls. So I went back up and said that I didn't like it so they said that's how it's made but we'll remake it. They made it in a different flavor....and it was still a milkshake. I got exhausted from dealing with them so I sucked it up and drank as much as I could stomach. My friend went up the counter to ask for the spring rolls and it took a long time for them to come out. Like re-dang-diculously long. 
This experience by itself is like 0 stars but my first experience was 5 stars so I took an average.Do not order from the Chinese menu. We did not like our order at all. I couldn't even eat half of it. Also, the waitress/cashier seemed to be very cranky.My wife loves pho. ..She ordered the chicken pho n spring rolls with fried tofu....While I sat next her, every once in a while I heard "mmm",""mmm" "mmm" "mmm",then she says "We need to come to New Orleans next time to eat some of this pho....enough said? P.S. "Oh my goodness"...I think she loved the pho!Just ordered delivery, food was here fast and hot.  Delish Pho! Ordered egg rolls, shrimp fried rice too. All delish. Forgot our shrimp fried rice but delivery guy ran and got some and brought it back quickly and it was hot. I will be ordering from here often!NOT A PLACE TO VISIT IF YOU EXPECT TO ACTUALLY GET WHAT YOU ORDERED.
The staff here are impossible to communicate with.  They do not speak or understand English anywhere close to a manageable enough level to be running a restaurant, and as a result, I've found they are much more likely than not to get your order wrong.  My husband and I have been here or gotten delivery from them 3 times (just because there aren't too many other options in the neighborhood):  EACH TIME we had to repeatedly shout dish names and/or menu numbers back and forth before there even seemed to be a reasonable chance that they understood us, and EACH TIME they STILL got it wrong.  
I wouldn't even mind that as much except that they have a really piss-poor attitude about it afterwards, yelling at you to "order right" and "check the menu" when you inform them they gave you the wrong item.  Unacceptable.Good PHO!!! We had the avocado and coconut smoothies and they were delish!!! We came back and ordered more
PHO to keep us warm and ordered another smoothie, this time durain flavor, yum...We were looking for an inexpensive family lunch after touring around .  This is the perfect spot- nice decor, clean, fast, fresh and tasty! Our party of 4 is full and happy!I am Chinese by race and this place is tonnes better than the other Asian places around the French quarter. I have tried their beef pho and also the dumpling noodle soup. Yummy! Could do with extra noodles but the dumpling noodle soup had 3 tempura shrimp, roast pork, dumplings, veg AND fried pork fat bits ( so bad but so yummy)! and fried peanuts and those extra details make this place a go- to place for me. They also deliver (yay!) but don't have a delivery paper menu (what?). I am definitely going to come more often or order in! :)Great Vietnamese food! My hotel was right across the street from CreAsian and boy was I happy to see it. After being in New Orleans for a few days, I was a little sick of Creole/Cajun food, I couldn't take one more bite of Jambalaya or Gumbo. Being Vietnamese I had to get something in my stomach Vietnamese. Thank goodness I spotted CreAsian. My husband ordered the Banh Mi and I had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio. Both were very well made and tasted very good. The amount of food you get is awesome, a huge bowl of noodles and great marinated pork, I was sold! Next time I am in town I will for sure visit here again! Thanks for helping me with my craving!Staff was friendly but food was subpar.  The brisket and steak in the pho was tough and almost inedible.  Vegetables looked old.  Was not impressed.I ate here 5 years ago when it just opened. I initially was going to go to the McDonald's next door, but it was soooo crowded. I decided to stop at CreAsian. It was DELICIOUS!!!!!! It's been 5 years, and I dreamt about it ever since eating it. I had to come back when I was back in New Orleans. I wanted to see if it still tastes delicious. I came in and was greeted. Staff offered me & my husband drinks while we waited for takeout. I am from the Midwest, so I don't get good seafood. It was just as good five years ago. The shrimp here is to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I really hate to give these guys a bad rating. But I spent 10+ minutes in the phone with them not being able to understand anything they were saying. As well as one moment they would be on the phone talking to me and the next they would have set the phone down to talk to someone els without even letting me know they were gonna set the phone down in the middle of one of my sentences. And all of that just tonnage them tell me that they don't deliver to me, bc I'm to far away. But I'm sorry less then two miles away is really to far people?Excellent food. I live and work downtown, and am a huge fan of Vietnamese food. The  Bun dishes and Bhan Mi are excellent and VERY reasonabley priced. (The Bhan Mi typically run under $5 each and are a complete meal).
I have not had the Chinese fare here, but my coworkers like it and, again, the prices are reasonable. I cannot speak to the one poor review here, but this place is still new and I suspect they may have had some issues when they openedBroth in my pho wasn't the greatest. The stench in the air when I first walked in wasnt pleasing. Gave the place a second try. Fried rice was on point.The service was SLOW with 4 tables. The food came out with no order of when it was placed. What I am speaking of is, if you came in last and placed your order you will likely receive before the guest that was there first. 
There was no attempt to make up for the 1 hour wait for food. How hard is it to boil water, drop the noodles, pull it out and place in a bowl?Pro: Food is decent
Con: You may age 3 years by the time you actually get food served to you. Then you'll have to wait another year for your utensils.
Save your life, order ahead, or go elsewhere.this place is absolutely horrible! I ordered the Pho and was nothing short of disappointed. The noodles came hard and blocked up and weren't even the correct noodles for the dish. The broth tasted as if it belonged in maybe a wonton soup. Along with that I got four very thinly sliced very rare pieces of cheap beef....to add fuel to the fire it took them about an hour to come around the corner. Avoid at all cost!My 7 gal pals and I were on a getaway trip from Los Angeles that I coordinated.  I knew somewhere along the line, we would need a restaurant like CreAsian.  We would need a break from all the yummy, rich, fried food of New Orleans.  On the 3rd day of our 4 day trip it happened.  As we were relaxing in our hotel courtyard, we spotted an Asian woman delivering takeout to the front desk.  The front desk highly recommended CreAsian, as they get delivery on a weekly basis. 
We didn't expect much, coming from a city that has amazing Asian cuisine, and also because most of us are Asian, we have pretty high expectations.  I also happen to live within walking distance to one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in L.A.  
CreAsian cracked us up because of the hodge podge of all the different Asian cuisines on one menu.  However, the 3 pho noodle soups (chicken, seafood, beef) that we tried, papaya salad, and Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi), were all very good.  The summer roll was just okay, had better in Los Angeles.  However, the star was the Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk.  It was one of the best we've ever had!  Such a simple thing, but good ratio of ingredients, as well as good quality of coffee used.  We even came back the next day for a round of iced coffees.
The waitress that helped us, as well as the lady at the register (the owner?), was extremely nice.  We all agreed this place was a very good find.The place serves a mix of delicious Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese food.  Prices are low for the quantity and quality of food you get.  Owners and servers are very friendly, courteous, and professional.  I ate there two days in a row, once for lunch and once for dinner.  On the second day, for dinner, the woman owner asked me why I eat alone and said she needs to find me a girl....that was very endearing.  I asked if what I ordered was enough, and she replied laughingly that it was "enough for my belly" ....haha...cute. :)  I will be going back.I love this place. Would eat from here like three days a week when I lived nearby and never grew weary. Try the spicy lemongrass beef soup. I think it might be magical. The pho is really good (but no one can beat Moon Wok in this dept imo). Shrimp pad thai to die.Great!  They offer most Vietnam and Chinese with a few Thai dishes.  The food was fresh, nicely seasoned and attractively plated.   Service was wonderful (quick and friendly).  We'll definitely return.I order from here all the time and am never disappointed. Vermicelli is dat  and the spring rolls are big and thick just like I likem' . Prices are very reasonable and they deliver pretty quickly. Definitely recommend if you are working or staying in the French Quarter.Ordered egg rolls (4 Vietnamese style) and "summer" (normally called spring) rolls for pick up. Super overpriced in general as the total came to $14 and some change. To top it off, when my boyfriend brought it back to our hotel the four egg rolls were really two. And now they're closed so there's nothing we can do. When he was at the restaurant they even turned people away saying their kitchen was closed. I guess that was code for we are going to rip you off so don't even try. I consider those people who got turned away lucky. Bad service and terrible business practices.The bubba tea is not like any bubba/bubble tea I have had anywhere, in a word horrible. The tea came blended with ice making it clagy. And don't taste much like coconut. It was 5.72 for the tea. Not cheap for tea.The service was ok, friends and it the other stuff was cheap for where it is, just moth the tea.After seeing this restaurant a few times walking/driving by I decided to stop in for some pho since it was pretty chilly out and this happened to be the best pho ga I have ever had! The broth and meat is amazing and almost doesn't need any condiments (like sriracha or hoisin sauce etc...) basically I want to literally kiss the cook it is that good!!! I don't know what they're doing, but it is something right!!! I will keep coming back!!!This was the only Pho place around. The Pho broth was way too sweet. It just doesnt compliment the beef and the noodlesI have a terrible meal and not good service. I think you can get better food for the same price in somewhere elseShould have listened to all the other reviews - horrible service, horrible food, etc. 
Better off at McDonald's next door - or even starvation is better come to think of it.PLEASE READ THIS
If you are looking for good Vietnamese food, don't bother. I'm a full Vietnamese girl who has been to Vietnam and had authentic food before and this isn't it. But this review isn't even about the food anymore (READ ON).
IF I COULD GIVE THIS RESTAURANT NO STARS THEN I WOULD BECAUSE THE SERVICE WAS AWFUL!!!! I ordered only six banh mi's and it took the lady/owner AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES to have my food ready!!! Only six loaves of bread! WTF kind of business is this?! I would've left long ago if I hadn't have paid already. I kept telling them in Vietnamese "Where is my food?" "Is my order ready yet?" "What's taking so long?" and the old woman kept saying "It'll be ready soon." LIES!!!! LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES!!!!! I LOST MY PATIENCE RIGHT AT 30 MINUTES OF WAITING! Compared to Atlanta's Viet subs shops, this place has the slowest service ever! AND THERE WAS ONLY ONE OTHER CUSTOMER THERE DINING IN!
CONTINUE READING (!!!!!!IMPORTANT!!!!!!!)
Also as I was waiting for my sandwiches, THERE WAS A GIANT RAT RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FLOOR!!! The rat was running back and forth into a hole in the wall in one of the booths. In Vietnamese again, I told the lady, who is apparently the owner, that there was a pest. She told some guy to get rid of it so he went out and tried to shoo it out with a broomstick. I don't know what he did but the rat ended up crawling into the back and into the kitchen. This place is so disgusting!
PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T WASTE IT HERE THINKING THAT THIS IS OKAY. I'M STILL SO UPSET ABOUT THE WAIT AND I DID NOT EXAGGERATE ANYTHING. THESE EVENTS HAPPENED TO ME AND I DON'T WISH THIS ON ANYONE! NEVER GOING BACK EVER!!!Super cheap, tasty and CLEAN little Vietnamese/Chinese place on Canal St. 
I went here during one of the colder days of our Sneauxmageddon 2014 and was super impressed. The hubby and I ordered off of the lunch specials ($6.95 till 3!!!) and with it being so friggin cold I also had a bowl of Pho Ga. The lunch specials listed are all (americanized)Chinese and we had the garlic sauce beef and bourbon chicken. Both came with shrimp fried rice and your choice of an eggroll, wontons or soup. Both were delicious, maybe a little too much sauce on each, but I ain't complaining. No, it was not traditional Chinese food, but it WAS good and very fresh tasting.
The pho was kind of wonderful though. Not the best I have had in the city (defiantly Lilly's) and certainly nowhere near the worst. It had a hot flavorful broth, nice amount of chicken and a perfect amount of aromatics on the side. Oh, and it is HUGE. Especially for under $10. Perfect for a such a frigid day. 
This place is a way better option then any of the other Chinese or Vietnamese places in the area like China Wall, Great Wall, China Star or Moon Wok. All of which taste disgusting and are so dirty you are just waiting for a rat to pop out and steal your wontons. CreAsian beats the other places hands down in cleanliness, decor, food and service.
And yes. They deliver!This place is horrible....I had a feeling I was setting myself up for disappointment,  but not this bad.  Ordered the Pho Ap Chao, wonton noodle soup, pan fried seafood noodles, tofu veggies stir fry and a few boba drinks...total nearly $60!! But it's to be expected consider that it's in French Quarter area, but at least taste decent! PHO ap Chao normally should be wide rice noodles aka banh pho stir fried in a sauce then tossed with whatever you want. The noodles where in rectangular BLOCKs??!!! U thought maybe they kinda clumped up. But no they are perfectly shaped and just thrown in the box with the stir fry ingredients. 
Dumplings in the soup had a funky after taste and broth was just plain watered down. Only thing good about was the freshness of the side veggie it came with. 
Beef in the pan fried noodles were tough and overall taste was very salty. 
I dine and pretty much home cook vietnamese food often even in areas not very well populated with vietnamese culture, but this had to be the WORST in my experience.We needed our Asian food fix after days of fried, unhealthy food. I had been craving pho for a long time, and by the time I wanted it, it was Sunday and almost every pho restaurant was closed.
I remember seeing the grand opening sign on Canal Street for CreAsian, and so I called to see if they were open, and they were! AND they had pho!
The family who owns this restaurant is super sweet. They have two little sons running around. The interior is well decorated, clean, and spacious.
I ordered the pho ga (chicken), and it hit the spot right where it needed to - being sick and cold outside. My friend ordered the tofu house special and it was also delicious and beautifully plated.
We were in and out within 45 minutes! Perfect timing. They also allowed us to just pay for what we ordered, which made it easier for all three of us. Go support this place!I've eaten here several times for lunch and was SHOCKED at how good the Vietnamese was! Haven't tried the Chinese or sushi, so can't speak to that. The pho was perfect, with lovely fresh garnishes and all the required condiments on the table, the chair goh is as good as any I've had on the west bank, and the grilled pork bahn mi is pretty much the best 5.00 I've ever doesn't on food.
What kept it from being 5 star? On a few occasions I've had to wait far too long for my food, and the bubble tea seems to take forever. I've eaten a lot of Vietnamese in my day, and this is really good. Don't let the canal street locale scare you off. I highly recommend!Ordered Pho,  was informed no bean sprouts :-( , then ordered the Spicy Beef Lemongrass Soup,  was informed the broth wasn't up to par. Because it was wicked and cold yesterday, was wanting soup.  I had to settle for General Tso Chicken and Rice,  far from soup. 
What up set me the most,  I was discounted. Thinking I tried ordering 2 items and it was a wash.  At least you could have said this is in the house or discount.  
I thought about calling,  but I will go the extra trip up to Magazine for dinner,. This place is good in a pinch,  but after yesterday I will rethink that....3.00 for low mein instead of fried rice on a dinner plate. It wasn't worth the 3.00 dollars. Overall it's over priced and tasteless....Quick, affordable, and delicious! Great lunch daily special.When you want a break from all the heavy creole Cajun southern fried and creamy butter sauce try pho. The summer role was huge and you get 2 of them. Peanut sauce is yummy. Table is filled with every asian condiment available.  Hot sauce hoisin red pepper oil soy sauce etc. 
Service was very good for an Asian restaurant. Server asked me a couple of times about my food and offered refills on drinks. He was prompt to bring the check. 
Pho was hot and perfect for a gray chilly day. 
Did I mention this place is cheap and close to French quarter and not filled with drunk tourists?The Chinese food is excellent here. I got the sweet and sour chicken and the sauce was fried with the batter, making for an excellent dish. The Mongolian beef was also BBQed really well with ample amounts of garlic and sauce. Did I mention that they gave large portions and that all dishes include your choice of rice/fried rice and choice of egg drop soup/ fried wontons/ egg rolls all for 7.75? Cheap, delicious, and nice atmosphere. My only complaint is there is no parking lot due to the location (canal street) but the restaurant is obviously not at fault.Only if you want to wait 40 min for a simple order, so looooooooong wait. 
We came here because we wanted something fast, after all it is Chinese food. Place order at 7:34 according to the ticket we got the food at 8:14pm  and plain and cold.Lovely place with great staff and wonderful food. Recently opened and a wonderful breath of fresh air for the Asian dining scene here in NOLA.  Mainly Vietnamese and Chinese but has a smattering of Thai and Korean on the menu too. Try the chrysanthemum hot tea! Sooooo good. Plus they have bubble teas if you want yummy treat.It sucks the pad thai was pretty good because I'm never coming back here. 
I wanted to check out a new spot during lunch one day, and decided on here since it's right across the street. I walked in to an empty restaurant and walked up to the counter that seemingly exists for you to order at. I was directed to a table and told that someone would take my order.
25 minutes later (and another trip to the counter), someone finally came to take my order. I got pad thai and an eggroll. I don't eat seafood so I asked if there was any shrimp in the roll (and made sure three times) and was told that there wasn't.
After another 30 minutes and an spike in my anxiety that I'd have to bail on the order to go back to work my pad thai finally came out. Big portion, and pretty good, too, but no egg roll. 
I decided to cut my losses and wolf down what I could and just get the rest to go. I asked for a check right after my food came out, and they still charged me for the eggroll and told me it was coming right out. It did, and it had shrimp in it. Whatever. 
I tried to pay the waitress and get a to go box. Definitely another exercise in futility. 15 minutes later of her not taking my money or getting a to go box, I walked up to the counter and paid the bill, grabbed a box and split.
TL;DR:  70 minutes to get Pad Thai and an eggroll in a completely empty restaurant.Fantastic Vietnamese treat!  I had the pho with seafood and roast pork.  It was fragrant, easy to adjust the spiciness with all the options on the table, full of meat, fresh veggies and a deep, complex-tasting broth.  I also had egg rolls, although I wouldn't have if I'd known how huge the portions are!  I had plenty for dinner and will likely have enough left over for two lunches.
I had no problem using a credit card for dinner.  The restaurant was clean, the seating comfortable and the staff very friendly (although admittedly the two employees' English seemed haphazard so special requests/allergies might be tricky).  I'm excited to try the banh mi sandwiches, which price at around $5 each.I've only had the shrimp noodle bun and veg rolls, but both were really good.  The shrimp was awesome and was char grilled.  Everything tasted fresh.  They also give you HUGE portions.  I recommended this place to some of my clients, and they liked it too.First time at this restaurant and it blew us away. The workers/owners were very friendly and so easy going. The food portions were big we thought- even the appetizers. I wish I took more pictures but I only got a snapchat of the spring rolls. For drinks, we ordered avocado smoothie and coconut smoothie and they were really good. Another friend of ours ordered Vietnamese coffee and it was perfect. 
No complaints for this restaurant. And definitely glad it's open on weekends, unlike the other pho place near Aloft Hotel. Go check it out- good pho for that hangover!I'm from Australia and this restaurant blew my Vietnamese partner and I away. Amazing food, so delicious. Excellent top quality meats and vegetables. I would highly recommend this restaurant to travelers desperately seeking high quality Asian cuisine.CreAsian is one of the worst CBD lunch options because it's:
1.  CASH ONLY (what is this place, a vending machine?);
2.  SLOW: 16 mins for a salad & summer rolls;
3.  IT'S NOT COUNTER SERVICE, waiter only;
4.  PRICIER to pay a server than to tip a register jar;
5.  BANAL, even the wood-chippered veggies have little Asian flavor or delicacy (seriously, you might as well gnaw your way across a hay field).
WAY MORE EFFICIENT & TASTIER CBD-AREA EATERIES: Welty's Deli, Carmo, Reuben's, P&G, Merchant, FredRick's, Oso's Baja, Cajun Mike's, Phil's Grill, Whole Hog BBQ, City Greens, Back to the Garden, Poeyfarre Market, Butcher, or brave the reeking sewer odor at the McDonald's next door...So, So, So, So, So delish! It looks like a weird place, but if you're not familiar with the city it's not far from Bourbon on Canal so you're all good.
The banh mi sandwiches are ridiculously good. Skip that crappy buffet next door and walk over to this place. The people in the kitchen serve you so actual service may be a little slow, but the food is so yummy it doesn't matter.Oh no. Wasted a meal here during our girls trip to New Orleans. We were hoping to try some good Vietnamese food and unfortunately, didn't get that experience at CreAsian. We read the reviews but thought we'd give it a chance after trying to go to two other Vietnamese and Thai restaurants that were closed. 
The server greeted us promptly and repeatedly assured us that their food was great. He was very friendly and attentive (as we were the only ones in the restaurant during our entire meal). We started with the spring rolls, which had a nice presentation. They were fine, no complaints here and the peanut sauce was good. Next, we shared a pho broth. No good. The broth was lukewarm and the noodles were hard and stuck together. Very small portion for the price, and very minimal toppings available (mint, bean sprouts, etc.). We also ordered the combination rice plate which was just average. It was supposed to come with an egg omelette but the chef who cooks this was not available. So it came out with scrambled eggs instead.
Overall, CreAsian has a great location on Canal Street, very central. If you're looking to get a quick bite with minimal expectations, stop on in!I want to apologize as I begin this review because I know some people put some time and money into opening this restaurant, and they could stand to lose it just from the words I say.  But, every business, even restaurants, must offer a reasonable amount of merchantability with their product, and we did not find this here.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt in saying that we did show up later in the evening, but, the night we showed up, they were supposed to be open until 2:00 a.m.  They should have closed much earlier.
To start, the service was slow, slow, slow.  When we got there, there were just two other tables of people there, and we thought they were already finished - just sitting around talking.  They were not.  They were still waiting for their food.  One table had three, related couples sitting at it, and each couple received its food separately.  It was as if the place was preparing each and every order one by one.  They were.  I just found that kind of unusual since there were at least four people in the kitchen that we could see, and it seemed that they could do more to expedite the process.  
Well, we finally got our food, and we were both wishing we hadn't.  I really don't know why I ate mine.  I guess I was just hoping it would get better.  It didn't.  The entire time I was eating it, I kept thinking two things.  The first was, "Why didn't I go to Rouse's and get a can of Chun King?  It would have been better."  The second was that joke by Ron White when he talks about his wife's cooking and what happened when they tried to feed it to the dog.  They later found the dog in the corner of the kitchen licking his butt.  Ron White commented, "He was probably trying to get the taste out of his mouth."  I was wishing I had that kind of flexibility.  The only time I ever had a worse meal in New Orleans was at the "Moon Wok" down the road on Dauphine.  That time, at least, the food tasted pretty good "going down," but not so much coming back up.  The food at CreAsian didn't have that head start.  
So, what was wrong with it?  I had Vegetables with Tofu.  The vegetables may have been fresh, but I couldn't tell.  They were way overcooked.  Also, the cook used way too much oil.  It was pretty much a mess of oily, overcooked vegetables.  The Tofu wasn't too bad, and I don't really care for the "soft" tofu, cooked or otherwise, and I did like that they offered brown rice on the menu.  As for my wife, she had the eggplant.  She loves eggplant, but her's, too, was overcooked, and greasy.  To show just how greasy, they served the dish in a partitioned, "to go," styrofoam container.  All of the entree was in the large partition.  The other two partitions were half filled with grease.  My wife kept having to pour grease into those extra partitions just to make her food edible.  It didn't work.  
I feel real sorry for these people, and I am real sorry to have to write this review, but there are so many good places to eat in New Orleans, I don't want anyone else to waste their time or their lives spending time at this one without knowing about it ahead of time.  Now, if you like greasy food, and Chun King Chinese, you might like this place.  I, on the other hand, have had much better, and know what much better tastes like.  I would never be happy with the food we served no matter the price, and not matter the locale.