I've had this steakhouse on my list for a while now, due to the fact that I love steak, it's run by Croatians, and there are intimate booths with curtains. However, it took a while for my fiancée and I to make it over there due to the shady neighborhood. We were pleasantly surprised that there was a parking lot adjacent to the building and security guard standing outside the door. We were greeted right away and brought to our private booth. We had an older gentleman as our waiter, who I felt looked down upon us for our age, even though my fiancée and I are 25 and both have respectable professions. Aside from him, everything was great. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, although small was delicious. I had the filet and the German potatoes which were fantastic, and my picky fiancée had the potatoes lyonnaise with a sirloin, that he stated was the best steak he's ever had. We will definitely be back for special occasions!Most pleasant, attentive thoughtful professional staff AND most importantly the best quality steak we have ever  eaten out!   Our dad is in the angus hall of fame and we eat beef everywhere! Delicious ! Don't miss this place. Only warning If you have dessert pass on the coffee.It seems as though crescent city is riding on a reputation of what once was. Each time we return, they slip a little more. Our appetizers were mediocre, salads were lacking complimentary dressings and substance and the steaks quality was fair but not something to write home about. The au gratin potatoes were traditional and were actually the best part of the meal. So, at the end of the meal I find myself crossing crescent city off of my list of favorite dining spots in New Orleans. I just can't I though the disappointment again. Do yourself a favor and yelp for a steak house that will be worth your money and will leave you happy-full at the end of the night. Crescent city is not the answer your are looking for :(Supposedly, this is the joint where the Ruth of Ruth's Chris learned this now infamous formula....
Butter + Sizzling Steak = Ooh La La
Their steaks are divine, my filet was cooked to perfection with just the right amount of butter.  The potatoes au gratin makes my want to join carbaholics anonymous.  The service is sweet and personable....leave the hoitty-toittiness at Ruth's Chris.Overall a rather ordinary experience.  Three stars due to friendly and competent service.  A nice wine list with an emphasis on reds, as one would expect in a steakhouse.  We had an order of onion rings as an appetizer.  Very well done with a light batter.  Caesar salads were average at best.  My wife enjoyed her filet.  My NY strip was very disappointing.  Ordered rare, it was red in the center but the outside had no char at all, soft and flabby.  Not a steakhouse black and blue.  The steak was very lean, I doubt that it was prime and had no flavor of dry aging.  Just not a quality piece of meat and not well prepared.  Deep fried potato discs were not crisp and undercooked.  Bread was cold and only served with the entrees.  We will not return.My absolute favorite steak in all of NOLA. The staff are always very welcoming and accommodating. Excellent service. This is the type of place that as soon as you walk in. you feel like you're family.
Great, great food.This is a classic New Orleans restaurant. The ambience is 1960's upscale steak restaurant, but the service is second to none. The steaks are expertly prepared and after a few reasonably price drinks, everything is heavenly.Excellent ambiance, great keeping of tradition on meats which are excellent. I was expending a bigger bill than what I got. Happy to find a new favorite steakhouse in New Orleans. Sit in of the booths, you won't regret it.This isn't a review of the food- this is a review of the people of Crescent City Steaks. It's my first night of my first trip ever to New Orleans. My mom and I tried walking back to the bead and breakfast we are staying at and got lost...so we ended up at Crescent City Steaks, and want to thank the staff so much for calling a cab for us... At least four or five times over the course of an hour, until one finally came, and being very warm and welcoming to us, especially on such a chilly night! Thank you! We hope to get to try your food soon too!Ummmm...Did I miss something? The food is mediocre, the service is okay, the armed guard in the parking lot is nice given the neighborhood. You pay a lot for nothing inherently special. Should have gone to Ruth's Chris considering the price and service. The chef also needs to learn how to make a Marchand de vin, because what was served was basically store bought brown gravy mix with mushrooms added.Took my girlfriend here for Valentine's Day.  The atmosphere was great, and the steaks were equally as good.  Will probably make this a tradition.We had the Onion Rings to start, Excellent!
Next we had the Bone In New York Strips, Lyonnaise Potatoes, Peas. I had the house Cabernet which was really good. 
The service is fantastic. The waitstaff were accommodating and attentive. 
Now, the steaks were not what I expected. They reminded me of something I could have purchased at any mud to low level steakhouse. Definitely not Ruth Chris. My expectation from a classic steakhouse is too notch steaks, all else can be a bit less than stellar, but not the meat. 
I will try the restaurant again to give them the benefit of the doubt.Went here recently for a dude's night out. Has a kind of old-school Italian decor. Service was fantastic. The food was pretty good, not great. Prices are about what you'd expect. I probably won't be back soon, but if you've never been I do recommend you try it.The steak here is phenomenal. I highly recommend the porterhouse for two. It's big enough to share with leftovers. The sides I could take or leave; they were mediocre at best, salads, spinach, potatoes, etc.Dinner on March 31 was excellent and our waitress was prepared to handle a 3 year old too.  All steaks prime on menu.  Mine was filet mignon center cut laying in a dish of seasoned butter.  Had several sides of potatoes cooked different ways and sauteed spinach.  Finished off with succulent brandy soaked bread pudding.  Wine list is very nice and a little cognac really was nice.  3 yr old enjoyed fries and dancing to some oldies on the jukebox.  Very memorable meal.  Need to call for reservations.  There are 4 curtained booths for couples.Bacon wrapped Filet cooked medium rare - sauteed spinach - all I can say is WOW. Truly excellent treat. I am spoiled for any other restaurant and will long for my next meal here! Great atmosphere, great service, great food.Must have been my lucky day because they are usually closed on Mondays(my only day off), but they opened the upper dinning area because they had a private party in the main room. A great dinner followed  with very reasonable prices. And yes the steaks are really prime.The best filet I've ever eaten. Perfectly cooked & came to the table sizzling. I ordered the scalloped potatoes, which were handmade, so you could really taste the difference. Our server Anthony was outstanding as was the maitre'd (dark haired female). The restaurant has not changed since my first visit sometime in the 80's. Lots of character! For those that are hesitant regarding the safety of the area, there are ample security staff outside. If you haven't had a meal at Crescent City, treat yourself, you'll be glad you dFirst time going was a couple weeks ago. This place is great. Old school feel. Prices are excellent for steak house. There is a good reason this place has lasted as long as it has. 
Got the filet and it was perfect. Friend got the ribeye and it looked great. Nice atmosphere and good servers.I ate here based on a recommendation, but was very disappointed in the food.  Honesty taste like cheap diner food.  However, The service was very good.  I will not go back.  I had the ribeye with German fries.I ate here on my honeymoon, back in 92, before there was such a thing as web reviews.   It was so good I've dreamed of it ever since.  Most amazingly delicious steak I ever ate!  And the potatoes and everything else was good too, but if you want to eat a steak you remember with drool 20 years later...just saying.Great food. Very old school and basic but the food prices are old school too. Gray meat and service is great as well. You won't regret going here.The prices and portions here just can't be beat. A 10 oz filet wrapped in bacon runs you $27 here and it's always a perfectly cooked and seasoned buttery piece of prime filet resting on a sizzling plate of garlic butter sauce. Anywhere else that 10 oz filet would run you much higher and I've done the meticulous menu research to prove it. 
If you can get it, ask for one of their intimate booths where thick carpet curtains close you into an old world dining environment. There is something mildly erotic to me about the whole idea of sipping on martinis inside a carpet cloaked, virtually sound proof booth while catering to your primal meat cravings. The servers were super nice and curteous without being overly attentive. As our server told us, "If there is nothing else I can get you, enjoy your meal and just open the curtain when you are ready." I thought that was marvelous. I like good service but I hate feeling suffocated while I'm trying to relax over good food so I appreciated their laid back curtain policy. It makes you feel like there is no rush in the world and your allowed to stay for as long as you like.
We tried their wilted spinach and mushroom sides, which were good but nothing memorable. Next time I'll definitely try the Au Gratin instead but I was avoiding any heavy sides so I could focus all my energy on my filet and saving room for dessert. 
Speaking of dessert, we got their Z Pie, which was exceptionally better than I thought it would be. The menu description certainly does not do it justice! I was completely full by dessert but vowed I would struggle to split a bite with my friend and ended up fighting with them over it down to the last bite. That is a pretty rare occurrence for me since I'm never much of a huge dessert person. 
I had been to this restaurant once before but wanted to take a new friend there who I knew would appreciate a good steak dinner and has the same picky taste for a rare "pittsburgh style" prepared steak as I. They were also very impressed with the quality of the steak for the price and loved that the place was a "casual steakhouse" atmosphere. You don't need to feel underdressed or out of place if your not in the mood to fuss over getting too dressy, but still want a quality dinner. I'm not sure if this area gets a little dicey at night or not but I did appreciate the nice security guard who mostly just hangs out outside and opens the doors for guests. 
I would suggest anyone who is on the fence about trying this place to definitely give it a go! I would be completely shocked if anyone who went here ever had a disappointing experience. I love a prime quality steak, but hate over priced and pretentious chain steakhouse restaurants so this place hits the mark 100% for me.Went in this evening wanting a steak but not sure how much time I could invest because I was being the driver for friends. Had a cocktail while I ordered and got my food to go. Wow .... Amazed when I got home! The porterhouse (remember to go) was cooked to perfection and so tender I could just tear off pieces and eat - no knife required lol! The creamed spinach, potato augratin & onion rings were all amazing! Enough to feed me & my two adult children when they get home easily! Well worth the price.... Oh and the young lady behind the bar who took care of me was wonderful as well!!!Very consistent food and service. A personal favorite of mine for business lunches for many years now. Intimate settings for dinner as well.The steaks were good, not the best I've ever had but a solid steak house. However, for the caliber of the steaks the service was extremely sub par. The wait staff was extremely unresponsive and not very engaged.  Overall it was a good experience but definitely not anywhere close to the best in the city.Food was good, not great. Service was slow at first but good after the order was taken. Not a huge cocktail menu so I had wine. Steak was perfectly medium, I just wished it had a little more flavor and less grease. Spinach at gratin was not great, the spinach was overlooked and not seasoned well. Overall okay steakhouse. I had higher expectations for a place that's been open since 1930's.We stumbled upon this hidden gem while in town for a weekend. This is how a steakhouse should be. As soon as we walked in the atmosphere let us know we made a good choice. The staff is amazing and made us feel like we were regulars. The food came perfectly prepared. The steaks were seasoned just enough without overpowering the natural flavors. We will definitely be coming back before we return home.Holy moley- this place is amazing! My family has been coming here for the last 20+ years and we never leave disappointed. The bacon wrapped filet and broccoli au gratin are delicious, as is the garlic bread dipped in  your steak butter. Yum.Well, we tried this place out for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night, reservation highly recommended. The restaurant sits on Broad Av, located in Mid-City, not the typical location for a restaurant since all other are mainly downtown. The restaurant is old, but has had some recent renovation done to the waiting area, so don't be fooled by the aesthetics. The inside of the restaurant was lightly lit, just enough light for a romantic dinner or a very small group gathering. The ambiance was a bit loud, due to its small dining area, all the noise travels easily. Up against the wall, there are booths made for two, which provided privacy since a curtain is used to cover your booth. The service was great, no problems there.  First up was the wine of course, we chose the Waterbrook Merlot and small Cesar Salad to compliment, it's salad and wine nothing much to it. We decided to order the Porterhouse for Two, Broccoli Au Gratin, and German Fries. German Fries are thick round cut shaped fried potatoes, those were excellent and so was the Broccoli Au Gratin. The Porterhouse for two was huge, and just enough for two with just a little bit left over for a lunch reheat. It was just slightly season, if any, we couldn't tell either way it has delicious. The steak was tender and juicy and cooked just right, we would recommend a Medium Center; the Medium Rare on this thick steak was just 5 minutes short of a perfect inside. In the end, the meal was great and the atmosphere was wonderful.
If you need a great steak and you don't want to deal with the downtown hustle and bustle a quick trip to here will serve you up a steak as good as any steak house in the city.My experience at this restaurant today was extremely disappointing. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great either. Everything from the steak to the side dishes were off and the food did not live up to all of the restaurant's legacy and hype. After today, I will never be going back here again. 
I may as well go buy some prime steaks or filets at the market on my own and make my own dish. I would never ever recommend this place to any of my colleagues, friends or family. If you want a good steak, go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse instead. 
When we told the waiter how disappointing and below average our food had been, the response from "the back" was that they weren't at their best tonight because there were too many people. Okay... so great! That meant that they knew the food was going to be shitty, but they still accepted customers anyways.... 
In short, I do not appreciate this kind of laziness and irresponsibility when it comes to fine dining. I need my fine dining to be fine dining. There was no honesty to this type of response and food. This was not fine at all, folks. Not fine at all. Avoid.Steaks were tender and flavorfu. I know they have kept everything the same as when they first opened up but times have changed and it'd be nice to have a different appetizer and side menu.My family and I visited this place for Father's day last year and had a pretty pleasant experience. It may behoove you to make a reservation or you'll be sitting in the back of the restaurant. It is separate from the true dining area and is kind of odd, to say the least. I was fine with it, because i was hungry and my father really didn't care. The service totally made up for this as the servers were incredibly attentive to our needs. The steaks were huge and the appetizers were on point. My father had a T-bone, which was cooked to perfection and did not require A1 sauce. I had the stuffed mushrooms which were both crunchy and juicy. It is a little pricey, but what do you expect from a steakhouse? I enjoyed the vintage feel of the restaurant and how old school New Orleans it was. I would definitely visit again, but on another special occasion.We had a great experience at the Crescent city Steak House!  First and foremost, the service was excellent; every person who came to our table was polite, attentive, funny, and personable.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and the sides were small but so rich that a little went a long way.  The room was charming and the cocktails were obviously mixed by a bartender who cares about his or her craft.  They also feature a great little selection of bourbons, which is just what I like to drink with a steak.  We'll be back!I love the old school vibe of this place, especially the private booths.  A nice bourbon selection to kick things off is followed good rings and other apps but this is a steakhouse and Crescent delivers with sizzling steaks delivered to the table.  I prefer the T-Bone but a ribeye never fails.  Some nice side dishes finish out the bill.  And speaking of bills, the price is more than fair.  One of my home town favorites.We went last night and had the chateaubriand for two.  Excellent.  Really excellent. 
Owners - don't change a thing!  We loved the old tiled floor and pressed-tin ceiling tiles and the quirky booth seating!  The food was hot and delicious and the server a consummate pro.  Very personable staff!We decided very last minute on a Friday night to make it a beefapalooza for dinner, so after a very scientific (ie, facebook) poll of the best place to have steak, we headed over to Crescent City Steaks.
Definite old school atmosphere, but not stuffy at all. Other diners were wearing jeans, suits and business casual, so unless you've just jumped out of the pool you're probably dressed OK to visit.
Our waiter was Anthony and I'm positive that when he's not at work he goes by Ant'ny. Anyway, Anthony was just the right amount of attentive without being one of "those" waiters that you think might sit down with you.
If you go here, it's for the steak. Oh my gosh. The steak. Perfectly cooked and seasoned, I barely needed my knife and certainly would not have dreamed of asking for any sauce because to do so would have been sacrilege. 
Sides? Eh. We ordered the potatoes Lyonnaise and the German potatoes. Both were cooked well, but completely underseasoned.
Salad? Eh. Although the house made blue cheese vinaigrette was delicious, my salad was swimming in it.
Bread pudding? Passable, but I'm pretty sure it was microwaved and definitely not photo worthy.
The additional of some fresh vegetables as sides would be a welcome change to the menu, but who goes to an iconic steakhouse for veggies, right?I've eaten here twice, and have twice been thoroughly disappointed. The first time the steak left something to be desired. Taste being one of those things. The second time I was there which was this past Saturday, I had a reservation for 4. We were sat in a back room next to the bathroom, which had none of the ambiance of the main dining room. Which might have not been that big of a deal, but passing an empty 4 top in the main dining room on our way to table 72 in  the "back room"made me wonder. In the back room, there was no music and no one to attend to us if we needed anything in between drinks and courses being served. I felt like I was being punished. Our server, Anthony was good, but being split between two separate rooms must have been understandably, tough for him. 3 out of 4 steaks were undercooked, and again lacked flavor. I know this place is supposed to be a sacred institution amongst New Orleans bred restaurants. But I have to call a spade a spade. I've been bamboozled twice, and don't plan on making it a 3rd.Food is good...atmosphere is pretty noisy. Prices are reasonable ;) will recommend. There is this waiter, I think his name is Brian...very good ;)Great food. Must have the stuffed mushrooms...amazing. Ribeye is insanely good oh and the potatoes are out of this world. Friendly staff they even accommodate us when we arrived an hour early. Will definitely visit again.Visited 12/24/14.  Solid steakhouse and sides, but filet was overcooked (requested medium, came out grey throughout).Went last night with a group of people and the service was horrible . The food was was awful. The waitress had a very nasty attitude! Will NEVER NEVER go back.Have not been here since before Katrina and randomly wanted a steak in a classic New Orleans atmosphere...well that is exactly what I got!!!  Crescent City Steakhouse was everything I remembered. The ribeye medium rare was cooked perfect but needed salt, along with the wonderful sides topped off with Z pie which was amazing.  If you are looking for a great steakhouse head to Mid City and enjoy.Seared on the grill and finished in the oven, that's how you know they know what they're doing.
I had reservations with three friends in one of the private booths, I love the decor - it's a 70+ year old business, and it's really like stepping back in time when you go in. Ceramic-tiled walls, textured panel ceiling, jukebox!
But let's get down to the meat of this review (SEE WHAT I DID THERE?). This was THE BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE. I had the bacon-wrapped filet medium rare, cooked just perfectly. I had a side of potatoes au gratin but whatever - THE STEAK. I really, seriously considered ordering another one after the first since it was so good.
Recommended for being off the beaten path, interesting, with good service, and most importantly - delivering on what counts.Go there for the experience but not for the steak.  it was great, dont get me wrong.  but not the best i have had in the city.  i went on fat tuesday and it was obvious it is a place the locals go.  definitely not a tourist place.  
because it was fat tuesday i am cutting it some slack.  going here on fat tuesday is like going to church on christmas.  it is just what you do.  that being said i was still not impressed with the food or the service.  
we were told it would be a one our wait but it was 2.5 hours.  then another 2.5 hours to order eat and leave.  service was pretty bad but they were pretty slammed.  probably understaffed but that is management's fault.  
steak was good.  nothing special though.  sides were mediocre at best and very simple.  
this place is all about symbolisim and being a true new orleanian. don't get me wrong, that is not something to take lightly.  come here for sure to say you did it but dont come here for the service or the food (again that might just be because it was fat tuesday).  I WILL GO BACK NEXT FAT TUESDAY.The iconic neon lights of CCS are a great childhood memory. Now decades later I am enjoying the deliciousness for which those lights represent. My staff holiday dinner was held at CCS for the second time. Upon arrival, we were met with great service from the security guard who helped us get a parking spot.
Our waitress Andrea managed the group of 14 with ease and did so smiling all night. As far as the steaks, the ribeye was juicy and flavorful. I savored every bite taking my time enjoying the steak. My husband enjoyed his filet as well. Our group as a whole agreed that our steaks were excellent. 
CCS is a great restaurant to work with on private gatherings. Thank you so much Judy for the accommodations your team provided. We hope to see you guys again!We wanted something off the beaten path where the locals go. We soon found out from our waitress that if we were daring we could venture out into the projects and head to this steak house. Since I grew up in the hood, this was no problem for me, but some of the others weren't so sure.
Once we got there on a Tuesday night, it was pretty dead. However, everyone was extremely friendly. This place has been there for many many years apparently. They still do things the exact same way they did 70 years ago. All their steaks come in from Chicago, and they are all handcut on site once you order your steak. They do a double age, a wet age, and then a dry age for a total of 45 days. I ordered the bacon wrapped filet for $25 (shocking!!) It was like butter in my mouth. The steak comes out sizzling on the plate, and it was fantastic! No steak on menu was over $33.
The wine list wasnt too great, but the people were friendly and the food was damn good!
I definately would go here again!Everything I ordered was divine perfection. The filet is excellent, the scalloped potatoes were rich and delectable. The margarita was shaken to perfection. Overall, if you're planning a proposal, this is the place to ask her.Very disappointed. Caesar salad came on hot plate. The tea taste like they haven't cleaned brew containers. The spinach au gratin was watery and cold. Ordered porterhouse for two, somehow I ended up with only substandard porterhouse ever! As if it came from a really old cow.  Service was ok. They could have cut porterhouse  into manageable pieces like the do at Mr. John's.I went to this restaurant thinking I was going to have a great meal with a friend of mine. Well that was a joke on Sunday when I ordered a chateaubriand and a bottle of wine. The meat was shredded and was a horrible presentation. I had to get the server to come cut it properly which he still could not do. I am a fine dining manager and for sure I know the difference. I had the bartender, two servers and the manager looking at us like we were going to run out of there. It was the MOST uncomfortable situation I have had in any restaurant. My bill was 150.00 not including the 30.00 dollar tip. I WILL NEVER RETURN AND WILL LET EVERYONE I KNOW NOT TO GO TO THIS PLACE. IT SHOULD DESERVE NO STARS AT ALLThe venue: cozy, friendly and inviting.
The staff: engaging
The food: I had a rib eye. It was absolutely delicious. It was cooked in garlic butter which was amazing. They had a great selection of family style sides.
I'd definately recommend as a good alternative to the Ruth Chris's of the world.The service was good even though the place was very busy. The onion rings, au gratin potatoes, and the sautéed spinach were all excellent but the steaks were lousy. This was a real surprise because so many people I know love this place. Maybe they just had an off night but my ribeye was thin and rubbery. It tasted and looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp or something. I was very disappointed.What character and charm. This place has so much history.   It was such a pleasure to eat here.  My husband loved the steak and the service was great.  It is def old school Nola!I had only been to Cresent City Steak once before years ago, but we went for my son's  bachelor party dinner the other night.  I only give one star less than 5 because the service was a bit slow, but then again we were a group of 11 guys who showed up at various times. The steaks were great, and being a group of men, we hardly ordered anything other than MEAT :-)  But, the sides that we did have were also very good. Asside from the food, the place is a real throw back to old school New Orleans steak houses.. private booths with curtains make you wonder who is dinning inside. and an old juke box provided just the right amount of atmoshphere.  Recomended 100 percent.This place was just ok to me . We made reservations before hand . They couldn't find my name until i showed them my confirmation. We were seated immediately and the waitress was super nice . We ordered the porterhouse medium well with potatoes. I received my steak medium rare. It seems the A1 was expired or had never been refrigerated.First time there last Saturday night. I made a reservations but they worked with me when we were 20 minutes late. The wait staff was top notch and I thought the steak was better than Ruth Chris. They have a parking lot for safety as well as a policeman on duty which I liked. The dress code varied from t shirts on up. I want to try the booth's with romantic curtains when my husband and I come back alone !Classic New Orleans steakhouse, circa 1930's.  Looks like Huey Long ate here.  It even has private booths with velvet curtains.  Steaks are great- love the porterhouse for two.  As far as sides are concerned, avoid the mushrooms- they seem to be canned.
All in all, it's a step back in time- LOVE the authentic early 20th century feel.  I believe Crescent City Steaks was the original competitor to Chris' Steaks, which was eventually taken over by Ruth Fertel, hence the name "Ruth's Chris."  The steak is good to incredible, depending on the night.  The lack of consistency is worrisome, and I'm hoping it's more consistently excellent instead of average.This is a great classic steakhouse. It is the kind of place where things never change - the kind of place where they serve the same meal today that the did 40 or more years ago. Good beef, cooked simply, with classic sides and a drink.Listen, I heard this place had a long history but let me say it's one of the most overpriced places and the price DOES NOT match the quality.
I was absolutely stunned at the steak and quality for the price it was.
The sides were good but $45 just for my steak and sides ? sorry but it's just not a place I ever plan to go back to. I'll pay $45 but not for what they offered and the atmosphere lacks immensely.
For that price I'd have gotten a FAR better meal at Lilette for possibly less or Luke. Again just being honest.
Just not worth it - honestly.As usual CCS did not disappoint. The dry aged prime porterhouse was cooked to point at med.rare. The way medium rare is supposed to be but forgotten in so many steakhouses. 
This  porterhouse for 2 is my go to steak. My wife gets the filet and I get the strip and bone! Very efficient cost wise and settles the caveman crave just by seeing this big boy.
Fries were meaty yet crispy..ŕight out of the pot.
We like to get the bordelaisse sauce (NOLA style) and use it to make our own garlic bread..out of the crispy french that's so good.
Salads are good but pricey. I've been told to stay away from the ribeye.. but no worries for me as I am not a ribeye guy anyway.
Stay with the strip, filet, or p.house.
The restaurant stays open later then advertised to service the crowd after Saints' games. .good thing to remember..and not difficult to get to after the game.Simply put, the best steak I have ever had in Louisiana. (The best steak ever was in Tuscaloosa, Alabama).
I got the strip steak. It was pan seared then finished in the oven. Covered in pan drippings and the tastiest butter, it was perfectly cooked medium. I also did the onion rings and Lyonnaise potatoes. Wish I had ordered more potatoes! 
The atmosphere is old world, I suggest a private booth. Close those curtains and focus on the food!We just got home from our first experience at Crescent City Steaks. It was fine, but nothing good. There were 2 of us, and out meal with tip came to $89. Depressing after the mediocre meal. The steak had gristle and was thin. The onion rings were alright. The potatoes au gratin were alright, but I think they may have come from a kraft box. German french fries were different but had no flavor. No flavoring or spices used in anything that we ate. Glad we can say that we experienced it, but we will not be returning. This is a real bummer because we were really looking forward to finally getting to experience this restaurant. This place is existing on name only.Very simple. Steak was good. Sides were amazing and drinks were strong. No very entertaining but great for good conversation.  Loved it.This was my first time going and I have been looking forward to coming here for quite some time. I loved the atmosphere and the service was good. The steaks were not. I ordered the ribeye and had to make several passes through it with the knife. It was tough and so was my wife's filet. The potatoes au gratin were so so, not great but not bad just there. The bread served with the meal was actually the highlight of the meal.An old school classic steakhouse off the beaten path in New Orleans.  Crescent City's my favorite place for a steak in the city. It's the whole package that makes CCSH the spot for a good cut.
It's starts with the location, out of the way of most tourists, and continues with the service and the food. It's all top notch.
I come for the steak, but I give it 4 stars because outside of the main course, the menu is unimpressive.Has to be one of my top choices for steak and dining. I would say top 10 with this one ranking at number 6. Love the ambiance of this place and the historic structure. Though, it's not too big it can seem a bit over crowded and noisy. Nonetheless, the hospitality is great. Food is delicious and always served hot. Steaks are juicy and tender. Would recommend for a side the Creamed Spinach and Potato Au Gratin. Will definitely recommend. This place is a definite Naturally Naw'lins.Drawing the curtains closed really is quite fun.  
I had driven past the neon sign many times before, but I had never actually stopped in to dine until recently.  Off-street parking was adequate (unusual for a New Orleans-proper restaurant), and the warm, inviting ambiance as we entered was the perfect antidote to a colder-than-usual December evening.  
The food, delivered sizzling to our private corner booth with framed receipts on the wall from 1946, was great.  I thoroughly enjoyed the ribeye - the butter used to prepare the steak was not excessive and did not detract in any way.  The sauteed mushrooms ordered as a side allowed me to eat my steak as I like best.  We were also able to bring our own wine, the sazeracs came with options (!), and my friend was even able to craft a vegetarian meal from the menu without difficulty.
With the curtains closed, we were still able to hear the hum of the restaurant around us, and the lighting was intimate.  The waiter would occasionally return like a pleasant surprise to fill our water glasses.
The three of us shared the dessert - Z Pie, I believe - ostensibly named after the founder's daughter.  Delicious.
What a genuinely nice experience.  Great service, little pretense, and a memorable evening.I so wanted to enjoy this place that even after being less than impressed the first time we went back last evening.  I split the Chateaubriand with my friend and we ordered several sides.  The asparagus and broccoli that came with the filet was more to the raw side and less to the cooked. The Marchand de Vin sauce was absolutely like ice . The sides were again unremarkable. For dessert I was served the saddest slice of pecan pie a la mode I have ever seen . How they are still around and still busy is beyond me, I find it to be a glorified roadside diner , the roadside diner would certainly have better pecan pie.Have always loved this place, but after tonight it is off our list. The experience started off bad (not getting seated for 30 minutes after our reservation time, painfully slow service) and ended worse (we sent back the ugliest, grisliest ribeye ever and later found out our waiter had to pay for it). Overall bad experience, but especially stung to hear that a waiter is required to take responsibility for the chef's mistakes.Had a business lunch here July 16. First, I love the look of the place. Private booths, wood paneled bar, tiled floors and walls. Nice.
However, I've had much better steaks. I had my favorite cut of steak - the rib-eye. This one had too much marbling and was a little too greasy. It was cooked to the temperature I wanted, though.
We started with the onion rings. Awesome. I had a side of the German potatoes, which were good. My friends has the Au Gratin, which looked great.
I will go back here one day, but will try a different cut of beef.Sent two steaks back to kitchen due to excessive salt use in preparation.  They washed the steaks off, reheated them then served them to us over cooked and washed. Sent them back and ate the remainder of meal and 2 bottles of wine. When the bill came we were being charged for the 2 steaks that were not eaten. I did not pay for them but the manager was the one who washed them and sent the steaks back out.  Everything else was lovely.Food was good, but nothing that stands out. The Z Pie was the best part of the meal. Service is slow, but not bad.Went here with my soon to be in-laws and had a great time.
Really old school atmosphere and pretty decent food.
We kind lounged for at least 3 hours from appetizers to desert and never felt rushed.
It wasn't the best steak I've had by far but everyone enjoyed themselves which was more important.Made a NYE reservation. Was seated 35 minutes late with no apology from host who was rude to everyone in the lobby. When we were finally seated, she merely pointed in the direction of an empty table and we weren't given menus for another 5 minutes. I can't even say we were ever greeted by our "server" who never even told us his name. He just dropped menus he's off and came back by 20 minutes later to take our order. And of course all three of the filets ordered at our 4 top were grossly overlooked and under seasoned. The ribeye that was ordered was pretty good. When I complained about the steak, no apology or attempt to make it right. And I had to demand it be removed from my check. Literally the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant much less a steak house.Went to CC Steak House this past Friday, and it was truly a wonderful experience!  It was our anniversary so we reserved one of the curtained booths.  We never actually closed the curtains, because it was so much fun to look out into the restaurant, but the booth definitely made the night special.
Our waiter, Thad, was so nice and helpful with our menu selections (Hadn't been there since pre-K so we needed a little advice).  We started off with the onion rings..yum...then split a salad, and I'm pretty sure they gave us a full salad each - the blue cheese vinaigrette was outstanding - (they sell it too if you want to go home with a bottle).  
Next on to the main course, my husband got the t-bone, and I got the bacon wrapped filet..it was delicious.  We also got the lyonaisse potatoes which were really good, but I was trying to save space for the steak.  We did have a room for a piece of dessert (it was, after all, our anniversary) and glad we did - the cheese cake was excellent.
Okay...I first clicked four stars, but I'm moving on up to five...It was a memorable evening - can't wait to go back!
PS  I had a little bit of filet and lyonaisse potatoes left - so we took home.  My husband made us one of the best omelets I've ever had!  So, if you have leftovers you know what to do :)Had a nice dinner with my best friend's parents. We all had a Rib-eye. I like mine rare. It was perfect. The Caesar dressing made from scratch was delicious too. The staff was very attentive at all times. Don't get me started on the bread pudding. Yum!!!!!!! Too bad there wasn't room for the Creole Creme Cheesecake. Hadn't been here in years. Didn't disappoint then. Didn't disappoint now. Thanks for the great food and service.Quite disappointing.  Was looking forward to a great steak dinner after enjoying wonderful New Orleans seafood for two days, but my steak dinner fell short at Crescent City.  Steaks were unfortunately lacking in flavor.  Even my ribeye.   Can't remember ever asking for steak sauce and I did here.  Porterhouse was also unusually tough despite med rare.  Sorry sorry to say cause the service and folks were spectacular.Best Steak in New Orleans.  At one point, it was ranked one of the best steaks in the United States by Playboy Magazine.  My family and I have been going there since I was born but If you don't like steaks, this place may not be for you.  The only things on the menu are steak and sides.
The old school atmosphere also gives the restaurant great character.Skip this Steak House, the great part was the very hot plate with the ribeye steak, smothered in butter. The steak was tasty and tender although mostly fat.  So for 26 bucks, you have half meat, the other half is bone and fat. The next issue we had was the tea glasses, very small and they charge about 2.50 a glass for tea.  I suppose this steak house is under poor management since paying for liquid profit and fatty steaks to keep the margins up.  I would pay for handsomely for a great meal, the Crescent City Steaks did not even make the cut to give it a second chance. 
If you are wishing to find a better place, try either Chophouse New Orleans or Desi Vega's Steakhouse. You will get more value for your hard earn dollar.This place is a blast! Steaks are great.... always cooked right but they always ask. The staff is exceptional. They make sure you are safe on S Broad. It's not inexpensive BUT it's worth it.. we have high end steak places with great name recognition BUT as a native, recently, I think it's the best in NOLA