Had some time to kill so I stopped here to have a beer. The place was crowded while most other places were more or less empty. It was 6:30 on a Monday. 
Ambiance was fine. Went to the upstairs bar because the downstairs had a band and didn't want to be that close. It was more quiet upstairs. 
There were 5 things to choose from. All lagers, my least favorite style. I chose the Weiss. 
It was decent. I'd drink it again though this isn't my favorite style. Overall the place was fine and good to kill a bit of time with a brew. But no need to go out of the way for it. 
Service was friendly.Yes to finding a microbrewery in the French Quarter. Excellent place to get your day drunk on! Get the 5 beer sampler and the baked oyster appetizer! The service was great and apparently they have live jazz at night! Great pick!Ate here a few evenings ago. Just two of us at a high-top near the bar. Admittedly, the setting is really interesting. The bar is awesome, and the place has a nice vibe. We purchased the 6-beer sampler, which included the seasonal. The beers were generally fine, each more-or-less true to its style. Nothing notable, but all pretty well crafted. The food was just ok. More than anything, the food was served cold, and the server was completely indifferent to us-- to the point of rude. I get that this place is really busy; and perhaps the staff is overworked. But it's not as if we got a discount for that. We paid full price, and we would have liked competent, professional, and friendly service. We got none of that. As a caveat, let me say this: If you love the NoLa waterfront; if you enjoy the area where the French Quarter begins to transition into the French Market area, then you'll probably dig Crescent City Brewhouse. I personally think NoLa is kind of a dump; and this place didn't do anything to improve my impression. So again, if you really like NoLa and are fine to sub-par service, descent beer, and cold food, then you may really like Crescent City Brew.Great food and even better service. Very glad we chose this place to eat dinner tonight. The seafood cheese cake is a must. Amanda was our sever and provided terrific service.Came here from out of town last Thursday night since it was close to our hotel room.
We sat at the bar.
The live music was nice.
The bartender offered a worcestershire back. Asked what it was, she said it was a pickleback with worcestershire sauce instead, meaning it was a shot of Jameson chased with worcestershire sauce.
We tried it.
Strange, but I guess it works.
They have a good selection of beer as well.Everything about my dining experience was perfect. The waiter. The ipa. The gator sausage po boy. The potatoe salad. Wished i lived here so i can have this once a month. The food was executed perfectly. Execellent jobs guys! You fucking killed it.We stopped here for lunch on our day out on the town. We sat out on the balcony, which was nice, but it was a bit windy so I do wish we had sat inside, but I can't blame the restaurant for the weather! The balcony was nice and I'm sure it would have been excellent for a nice day. 
The group ordered the seafood cheesecake, which was highly recommended by the waiter, but I could not eat. However, it must have been great because it was devoured by the rest of group. I got the Alligator Sausage Po-boy and the husband got the Southern Fish Tacos. They were both really good. No complaints whatsoever. The alligator sausage was well seasoned and quite delicious and the southern fish tacos - catfish fried perfectly. 
So why the three stars? The food in New Orleans is amazing and while the food here was good, it wasn't on the same level as other restaurants in New Orleans. I would recommend it, it was fun, the food was good, and it was a beautiful restaurant.This is a review of the beer/bar area and not the food.
We stopped in here on Mardi Gras, just to check it out and try out the beer. The downstairs area was pretty crowded, so we headed upstairs and snagged a seat at the bar. I would say that Crescent City Brewhouse is more of a restaurant than a brewhouse- they only offer four beers, but nonetheless, i was eager to try what they had. I decided to try the Red Stallion and the Imperial Pilsner. Both were pretty good. They didn't knock my socks off, but they were enjoyable.
The bartender was really nice and worked fast to take our order. The menu looked good, so I might try the food if I make it back.Great seafood appetizers specially the seafood cheesecake and the crab cakes.  Pair it with Black Forrest and you will enjoy the mild spice and malty flavos of the beer.This is what a brewpub should be.  Welcoming people, great beer, great food, and live music.  
Try the pulled pork sandwich.  Probably one of the best pulled porks I've ever had.
Don't let the almost chain restaurant look fool you.  Serious food and drink.I liked this place when I lived in Louisiana, because the food is good and authentic and reasonably priced.  The location is obviously great as well, if you're doing the French Quarter thing.
I went back for a quick beverage and gnosh twice recently.  The place is still excellent.  Grab your raw oysters and a beer here.  Or get some delicious soup.  No, it's not a formal, fine dining environment -- it's a brew pub.  The beer is alright but the food is really good for the price.  And if the weather permits, sit on the patio upstairs and look at the water.Josh is the manager and he completely blew off our party of 10. We were trying to get a couple tables together to sit just to drink and he was not willing to assist with accommodating us in any way. We explained we understood we couldn't sit at a table reserved for dining but he was rude and reluctant to seat us at all.Just ok food & beer in a convenient location.  We had MUCH better food elsewhere in town, and for less money.  My corned beef cuban was good, but not a 'wow!'.  It came with waffle fry chips which might have been right out of a bag.  The beer was a HUGE disappointment!  I love a good wheat beer.  Their house-made wheat beer was not served nearly cold enough, didn't come with an orange slice, and was a stingy pour for the price.  My partner had a brie plate, which was okay.  It came with bread, grapes, apple chutney & roasted garlic...makes for a nice plate but the bread was room temp & the roasted garlic wasn't cooked well and was hard & pungent.  Oysters were good but not great.  All and all just a place with a good balcony where lots of frat guys and tourists go for okay beer and average food.  Not a very friendly server either.  Wouldn't go back.A great place to sit at the bar. The beers are great and jazz when they play is nice to listen toMy husband and I stopped here because he's a picky eater and we saw they had some simple food options (ie grilled cheese and buttered noodles on the kids menu). I ordered the half oysters and crab cakes and he ordered grilled cheese with fries and buttered noodles. We also got the 4 samplers which is a great option to try local brews. Service was great and restaurant was clean. The only reason why I can't give it 5 stars is because of their requirement to order two kids menu options if you have no kids and ordering from the kids menu for an adult. Luckily he was already going to order his two options but I'm thinking what if you're a picky eater or if you're trying to portion for small sizes??? Anyhow its a great place and I was very satisfied with our time there.A group of 6 of us went there on New Years Day and it was horrible.  First off our waitress seemed like we were a GIANT inconvenience to her the whole night.  We waited forever for our food and when we got it everything was cold.  I asked her for some hot fries and when she brought them back she exclaimed "ANYTHING ELSE???".  We complained but the manager did nothing.  Great job!  We paid $80 for some okay beer and some cold food.  Don't waste your time with everything that New Orleans has to offer.  Truly a terrible terrible place.Visited this place after getting a Bogo entree coupon from the visitors center and it was a pretty solid experience. We got to sit outside on the balcony and it was a beautiful evening. Waiter was super cool and friendly. Wife ordered the fish tacos.  Flavorful but fish tacos should always be in corn tortillas. I had the Jambalaya pasta which was amazing. Lots of meat/seafood and pasta was cooked perfect.  $30 is a little $$ but it was good.  Had their wheat beer for $8.  Decent beer. Great color.  Still ended up being $55 with a coupon but the atmosphere was worth it.Brewery house. ... is it a joke.  Very,  very limited beer selection.  4 beers: kolch, pilsner,  lager and dark ale.  Nothing else. NOTHING. Waitress didn't know what is IPA.  Remove brewery part from your name.  
Food: 16.99 for sandwich which was made with huge,  cheap bun, slice of tomato,  two lettuce leafs and"shrimps"....10 popcorn size shrimps in deep fried corn starch. 
Bill: pay for two,  automatic tip w/o letting us know about it.  Cheap trick. 
The place was full in half but the host insisted yo seat us next to kitchen door  and had big problem sitting us in other place.  Wth????
Awful experience.  Avoid .....Ordered the DeCatur St. Burger and it was not great, but the blue cheese was good.  The beer they brew there is great, and cheap alcohol prices.Below average beer for a microbrewery! I was on vacation and as a beer snob, I love trying new microbrews from differnt areas.  As soon as We sat down, the waitress appeared to be annoyed and did not seem like she wanted to be there.  I order my usual sampler, but my girlfriend (not a beer drinker) did not know what to get.  My girlfriend asked the waitress for a suggestion, but she replied "we can make you anything."  I figured if she was rude, the beer gotta be good. WRONG! The beer was subpar and the IPA was not even hoppy.  The IPA tasted like a light beer.  Overall, the beer was well below average.  I've been to Dog Fish Head brew house, Lagunitas Brewery, Sierra Neveda Brewery and various other breweries, and this place should not sell beer. Although I don't have a beer title, 85% of may vacations are based on the food and beer I want to try.We just stopped for a beer after finishing a carriage tour.  The ambiance was great!  You knew you were in New Orleans!  I loved the signs hanging from the ceilings and the overall decor.  I cannot say anything about the food because we didn't try any.  Everyone there looked happy though... Was it the food or the beer?  I will have to go back to find the answer!!!Ducked in here quickly during a down pour outside.
We grabbed a seat at the very vintage (original wood bar and taps) bar and ordered a flight of house beers.
Not sure how the food is, but the beer was decent. Not fantastic, but I did really like the amber and the brown ales.Recommended by the concierge at my hotel so I stopped in just to try the beers.  The atmosphere and service were very good. I ordered a beer sampler.   I drink a variety of craft beer but would not consider myself a beer expert.   I found the beer in my sampler to be average at best but mostly very poor.COME HERE FOR FOOD... not for beer.
Beer is bad... we didn't like a single one they offered BUT, the Seafood Cheesecake was amazing, crab cakes were delicious and the raw oysters and Oysters 3 ways were amazing. So... get your drinks elsewhere but definitely come here to eat!!!Just finished an amazing slab of the brew house ribs. No wait to get in. They brew their own beer which is was really good. I would definitely recommend a visit.Beer - 0.5 Stars
Food - 4.5 Stars
Service - 5 Stars
America makes some of the best beers in the world.  From Dogfish Head on the east coast to Stone on the west, our craft brewers are producing fantastic beers.  Unfortunately, this microbrewery movement has been accompanied by brewpubs cropping up all over the country which serve beer which is mediocre at best.  This place is a prime example of that.  We started with their seasonal, a "bock" which tasted like a watered-down amber ale with a slightly soapy aftertaste.  We then risked a sample size of the Red Stallion beer, which they proudly advertise on their coasters.  It essentially had no flavor with a slightly metallic aftertaste.  We couldn't even finish the sample sizes.  (Note: they were out of the Black Forest porter that night.)  If you have any taste in beer, don't drink here!
That being said, unlike most brewpubs that serve crappy beer, this place had good food and good service.  The baked Brie with a roasted head of garlic, cinnamon apples, and fresh bread was simple but delicious.  My friend and I each got the crispy Southern duck, which may be the best duck that either one of us had.  The meat itself was not greasy, but was surrounded in crispy duck skin.  It was filled with delicious andouille sausage dressing and topped with greens.  My husband got the ribs, which he said were the best he'd had in awhile.  The waitress advised him to replace the baked beans with another side, as she said that they were pretty blah.  He got the mac and cheese and scalloped potatoes, both of which were good.  We ended with their cayenna chocolate creme brule, which was good with quite a kick.Good food, good drinks and good people watching location. Come here to relax and watch some people.  Great time and great place to watch Mardi Gras ParadesI went back to Crescent City for a second time and had another enjoyable visit!  My sis and I were completely starving when we got there and ordered enough food to satisfy a table of large men.  We started off with the baked oysters which were okay, I wouldn't order them again.  What I would order again is the Shrimp Remoulade, in fact, I'd order two plates of it next time and call it my supper!   We chose to add on side salads with our entrees and they were gorgeous salads, super fresh and larger than we were expecting.  I had the St. Louis Redfish, which was okay...there was just something about it that I wasn't crazy about, a spice, a certain flavor, I can't quite put my finger on it.  But it was prepared perfectly and the veggies and cold potato salad it came with were very good.  My sister had the stuffed shrimp which she really enjoyed!  The mashed potatoes were a glob of garlicky goodness!  
The bread pudding finished off our meal...yes, believe it or not, we still had a bit of room to have a few bites and it was as good as I remembered! I like the brew house, it's good, it's open at 4pm and they  have a nice menu and service was sweet and efficient.Not the first time here, we always enjoy our lunch. At the table for 6 on the second floor I loved my oyster club sandwich my boyfriend loved his shrimp romalaid wedge and everyone enjoyed their meal and fabulous choice of beer!Pilsner is awesome, rest of beers good/ok. Seafood cheesecake was unique and tasty! Great service, too!The food is not that great; small portions and over priced. No drink specials and the service is slow even on an light day. I would not recommend eating here.Love the ambient and the wait staff. They are knowledgeable with great atmosphere.  We are trying the crawfish touffe and oyster po boy...deliciousAfter a failed "wine and cheese tour" we took out bachelorette party to this brew house. The restaurant staff could not have been more amazing. They found a table for our group of 13 and sent us a complimentary round of drinks. I really cannot say enough great things about the people that work at this restaurant!The Wing's are sooooo amazing. The drinks are great. I enjoyed the flight of beers. Friendly staff, great environment. All the beers were wonderful on the flightMy husband and I stopped in this place over the weekend after Jazz Fest.  The food was awful and the beer was watered down.  Both my husband and I enjoy a good beer and this was not the place to get one.  We sat at the bar and had to see the oyster shucker eat his lunch at the bar while shucking oysters for customers.  It was very unsanitary and disgusting.
If you would like a good beer than you should go to Gordon Biersch in the business district.  Even though it is a chain, it was way better than Crescent City.Stopped in here for a few beers our first night in New Orleans. Didn't try any of the food so I can't comment on that but as expected the beer selection was solid.Had lunch there today while in town for the holiday, brews were ok but the food and the service not so good...    
Ordered the gumbo and discovered bits of burnt roux in it, poboys had no flavor and were dry. Skip the potato salad.Not bad, not bad at all.
Hot, humid days in New Orleans when you are a Coloradoan not used to humidity over 10% requires two things: cold drinks and a place to sit.  We got that here.
Came in for a flight of their beers.  The staff kept offering us menus: the hostess (which goes without saying I suppose), the bartender, and then another staff member.  We just wanted a flight of beer!
Beer was alright.  Honestly, nothing crazy stood out.  Munich beer was my favorite though.  Pilsner and Red Ale were alright.
I think the brewery aspect isn't a focus here, which is a bummer.
Glad we stopped in, but plenty of other (brewery)fish in the sea!Local beer was excellent, Red Stallion is a superb beer goes great with the Shrimpand Grits.Food is good.   Beer was ok.  Atmosphere is good.  Blackened redfish with soft shell crab was stellar!  And oysters were massive and fresh. Overall more than I expected.  Nice start when heading to Frenchmen street.Food was edible, beer ok. We went here so our kids could hear some live jazz - not a lot of options for dinner+live music in NOLA with kids. Music was really good, but you cannot see them from the dining area. 3 stars is generous.Usually Crescent City Brewhouse has a buy one get one free coupon in the visitors guide. That being said the total cost is not much different than other places without a coupon. They slap the gratuity on with the check so be aware and don't double tip.
We like the beer.
This time there was a special IPA brew available. We are IPA fans. This particular IPA was good but not great. On a tough 10 point scale it was a 6.5. For reference Abita Jockamo would be a 6.4. We would have expected more since their Red Stallion is such a very good beer.
We arrived in time for the lunch menu to still be in force.
This time we had the shrimp with grits and pasta Jambalaya. The shrimp and grits was rated as a solid five with the pasta jambalaya a good 4.0.
The service was prompt without hovering, we had no wait to get in and the food was ready in about the right time for it to have been made after the order was placed.
Will go back next time we are in New OrleansGo there at least once a month since I work downtown.  menu is diverse, food is consistently good and service is good.  My friend and I often share a few dishes since we try to eat lightly, and the staff is always great about it.We got here at 7:30 and we got drinks and food, the hostesses were nice our waiter was great and then he disappeared for thirty minutes and we are still waiting for food ...it just came and the bread is stale and my friend chicken in my salad is cold. BummerGreat place! It was recommended by the concierge at our hotel. We were looking for a light lunch. Wanted  some creole, but also needed something simple for the kids. We had the gumbo and the best B.L.T. ever. The kids enjoyed their burger and grilled cheese. The service was friendly and prompt.We ate dinner and were well pleased with the courteous staff and the efficient way they handled our group.  We came with a tour group so I cannot attest to the quality of entrees ordered from the menu.  Our menu had been determined by the Tour Company and our food was delicious.Great location, great interior look, but everything else was mediocre. Stopped here for lunch on a busy Saturday in the quarter. Our waiter spent most of his time hanging out in a corner and staring at himself in one of the decorative mirrors on the wall. They only serve their own craft beers, which were tasty but WAY overpriced. $8.50 for one beer!?! Food was mediocre at best. My friends shrimp po-boy came with just lettuce and shrimp even though it is described as "dressed" on the menu. It wasn't terrible, but in NOLA you can do a whole lot better.Good jazz band, great location, pleasant atmosphere, pretty good beer. 3 star
Food was not good.  Fish not fresh and was way over done with what looked like thousand island dressing all over it. 1 star 
About half the staff was pleasant and accommodating the other half not at all.  Service - 2.5 stars 
Too many other good places to go.This is a below average brewery with poor service. For as many craft brews available these days it's quite clear that this one still lives in the 90s. No creativity.  
Stop here for convenience. I usually do. But don't expect much.There is one thing new englanders know and that is seafood. The oysters there are biggest tastiest oysters you'll ever have. They are freshly shucked right at the bar. 
The beer is just ok, true to style. 
Atmosphere is good open doors to the street. Totally worth the stop especially for oysters on the half.Beer was decent, food was meh. The place looks like TGI Fridays did a brewery. Very touristy, though to be fair, we were tourists. The beer wasn't bad, though they didn't have a huge selection. The food was pretty mediocre and pricey for what you got. Not the worst place to eat, but you can definitely do better.Good beer, average food. Nothing to rave about but if i ever come back it'd be only for the beer. Atmosphere is nice, especially when the jazz band is playing.This was our first meal in NOLA. I got the fried shrimp poboy which was delicious and perfect portion for the price. They know their beer here, and can recommend which beer will go best with what food you are ordering. The Red Stallion was a great pair with my poboy. This place is also great to grab a beer. We came one night and sat at the bar for a beer. This place is also very affordable! Great ambience as well.I was drawn to The Crescent City Brewhouse by a menu item--shrimp beignets--for my last New Orleans meal before leaving for home. I knew there was no live music at lunch, but still appreciated the savory beignets and refreshing iced tea in the cool old-world atmosphere. I wish I could have tried the beer--this place is a microbrewery!!--but I'll wait on that till I return. My server was attentive and even found me something to read while I ate. Such a lovely restaurant!We stopped in for a beer/drinks and snack on the way to dinner.  I love craft beers and was not disappointed.  Good beer and a nice selection with the sampler.  The oysters were not up to par, not a great taste nor large.  My advice, skip em.... we did get the Pimms Cup - that was very nice.  Never had one before and enjoyed the flavor very much.   Even stopped back for another Pimm's on the way to the airport.Dining Date January 18, 2015
Ordered the 5 beer sampler and was not disappointed with any of the selections. All the beers were very good interpretations of the styles.  Would recommend Crecent City beers as a good local brew in New Orleans. 
The food quality was mixed. The seafood cheesecake was delicious. However the oysters were dry and lacked flavor. The bread pudding was outstanding. 
The service was very good, and overall is a nice place near the river to sit and enjoy local beer and food.While the service, food, and ambiance were all acceptable to above average I can't give you more than two stars if your name says you're a brewhouse and your beers are watered down and geared toward mass market beer drinkers.  I understand, you have to have a few beers that appear to the bud/miller crowd but don't forget about us beer geeks.  Have a few adventurous beers on tap, or at least something hoppier than a pale ale!This was the first place we ate at when we visited NO.  We got there kind of late as we drove in from AR.  We found the burgers delicious and the beer ice cold.  The wings were great!  Gobbled those things up.  
Great service and eccentric decor was great!
Would definitely go back.We started with some beers and baked oysters for appetizer. The oysters were delicious!  They came in three flavors: crab and saffron, spinach and herbsaint, and cornbread andouille. 
Our entrees were the shrimp and grits and the crabmeat stuffed shrimp. Both dishes were great. The restaurant is also kid friendly, for those interested.A walk up window for adult beverages "to geaux"!!!  WHAT!?!????!!!!!  I'M IN!
I see the reviews here seem not to be the greatest, so I must use the disclaimer that I have not tried the food.  But I came here twice in the same day - a Sunday nonetheless, God forgive me - for takeout DRANKS!!  
Our first visit was for mimosas which we learned upon arrival, could actually only be ordered at the main bar since that lovely lady at the sidewalk bar did not have champagne.  The bar was pretty busy but this ($10, I think) Mimosa was WELL worth the short wait!!  I saw homegirl open up 3 splits of Champagne and pour an entire one in each of the 3 perfect cocktails that we ordered!  Yes Lawd!!  The freshness of the champagne and OJ is indeed praiseworthy!!  Can't tell you how many times I have been served mimosas that fall flat, literally and figuratively.
Anyhow, those drinks were enough to lure us back on the way "home" to our hotel and we gave New Orleans' infamous Hurricanes a try.  The bartender at the To Geaux window was so excited that we had come back so that she could serve us her version of this (super sweet) cocktail "made with love" as she had told us previously!  Bright red in color, very sweet put packed with all sorts of rum.  What can I say - it's a must when in Nawlins and I loved the convenience of getting one here!It's probably more like 3.5 stars, but certainly not four stars. Came in with a group and the servers were really nice and got us settled fairly easily upstairs. They are catering to tourists, both in location (on the main path, so you can't miss it) and by giving big beer things you can take home.
They had an interesting selection of beers (not huge, but interesting) and do a cute little sampler of those. Food selection was varied and after a week of eating NOLA food, I was happy to be eating something different. Got a chicken salad and thought it was pretty decent, although like I said, I was burnt out on eating out. Comfortable place, decent food, nice employees. Easy for tourists, and especially if you're looking for more Chili's quality food. Nothing wrong with that, but you need to know what you're getting into. It's not an awesome Cajun meal, but it's a nice night out.Just had a wonderful Oktoberfest meal at Crescent city brewhouse. My waiter, Peter, was fantastic and went out of his way to accommodate my requests. 
Also the floor manager Sean, was just super, and wanted to make sure everything was just right.
There are simply so many good things on their menu. And two desserts I can definitely recommend are the Almond fruit bowl and the creole cream cheesecake.
I highly recommend this place for locals as well as tourists.Red Fish and stuffed shrimp was amazing!  Also make sure you get the brie appetizer. 
My husband had the flight and I had a seasonal draft. My son's had the kids fried shrimp and the other had the fried alligator. Everything was wonderful! 
For dessert we chose the cheesecake and creme brûlée. Oh my word the cheesecake was huge! The server was very attentive and I was surprised how amazing the busser was as well. We never had a dirty dish on that table for more than a minute. Glad I found you on Yelp.Really great service! We started with the Brie  platter and then had chicken Caesar salad was fresh and the dressing was delish.  Tim was our friendly server.  My friend had the shrimp and grits and said they were great!Room my hubby to NOLA for the first time (for him) I had been countless times before and wanted to show him some of the good places! We walked in from the street, no wait strait to the bar. The server/bartender was super nice and shared with is all the specials. We tried the fried alligator bites and OMG they were delicious!' We both had a red stallion beer as well. Was a nice walk in walk out trip and we even left with new shirts as well! Love the glass jellyfish hanging in there as well!'The food and drink was average compared to the other restaurants.  Fried Alligator and three way oysters were kind of bland.  The Bloody Mary was good but very limited trimmings.  The server was really nice and the balcony was fun.Oyster club was good and the beers were fine.  Nothing noteworthy though.  Enjoyed the live acoustic music too.Experience was mediocre at best. I ordered the IPA and would've been certain it was the Pilsner except for the color.
Ordered the shrimp po'boy and it was so dry. The fried shrimp itself was pretty decent but the large hoagie bun was super dry, no sauce and had the smallest amount of shredded iceberg and one tomato slice per half. I asked for tartar, which they didn't carry, and then got ranch to try and help with the dryness. 
Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly, and got himself into a long conversation with the neighboring table, so it was a while before I could ask for the tartar/ranch. 
I was also not impressed that when we ordered our beer ("I'll have an IPA"), the default was to serve us a 24oz glass each. Um... when I was a server, if you have options, you offer those options instead of giving your customer the most expensive thing. Lame. The more I think about it, the two stars seems generous.Party of 9 and we are having the time of our lives!
Service and food is SPECTACULAR. 
Crab stuffed fish, redfish, Mac n cheese ... clean plates all around!Perfect place to be  live Jazz music with German beer and awesome wings!I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
On our first morning in town we took an airboat ride in the bayou (which was very interesting but cool -- we arrived in town just as the weather turned cooler). The lady who drove the van that transported us from the hotel and back was a local and recommended the Crescent City Brewhouse.
A couple of nights later we were on a walking tour and after stopping at Cafe du Monde we went to the Brewhouse, where we all ordered the 5 beer sampler (Which was quite a bargain at only $8.50) We all liked the Red Stallion pilsner the best, and we each ordered a big tap of Red Stallion and then continued off to Bourbon Street.
We arrived about 9:30pm and there was a jazz trio playing. They were pretty good. They finished about 11 and we went on our way.
Our plan is to return to NOLA in 2015. We plan to come back to the Cresent City Brewhouse for lunch and another beer sampler.Stopped in for lunch.  Did a full flight of their beers and had a bowl of shrimp and grits.  The beers were all done in the German style and were relatively close to the styles.  The shrimp and grits were decent, but the portions seemed small.  Finished with a fried strawberry pie.  Not bad, but there are a lot better places close.Stopped in here, hungry, thirsty, and hot. Lunchtime, decided to sit at the bar. Bartender approached us, said absolutely nothing. I said 'hi", and he reluctantly said it back. He grabs the beer menu, sets it it front of me and taps it with his finger to indicate "what do you want?" He steps away, and we leave. No thanks. If you don't give a crap, neither do I. There's a thousand places within a mile radius that would like the business, so that dude can take his brews and piss off the next tourist. Neeext!The food itself was very good and well presented.  Great flavors!  However, their service really lacked.  We had a party of 6.  They would not take my reservations. When we got there we were told it would be about 30 minutes.  After about 30 minutes we were led to an outside iron table for 4 in the back courtyard where we could not hear the live jazz playing.  We noticed an empty set table for 6 and asked about using that one.  We were told it would be another 30 minutes for that table.
They heavily advertise as a brewhouse and they brew about 5 different varieties.  On the night we were there they were out of their wheat beer so I didn't get to enjoy my favorite beer.  I had their amber which was just average. 
My wife didn't get the order she ordered at first.  We had to send it back.  My son's hamburger was literally raw in the center.  Unfortunately we didn't notice until he was 3/4 done with it.  When we showed the waitress she took it off the bill and issued a quick off the cuff apology.
Overall we were dissapointed.  The experience was not an enjoyable one and our dinner cost only $40 less than our previous night's dinner at Tommy's Wine Bar.  Tommy's was an awesome experience and well worth the cost.
Skip the Brewhouse and go up the street to any of the many other restaurants.The food was delicious! Carefully prepared and no ingredient missed. So carefully prepared that it took over 45 minutes to receive our meal even though we dined at noon and the restaurant was maybe half capacity. We sat at the bar to enjoy their custom brewed beers, which were average at best. The bartender gave us everything we asked for, when she felt like doing it. I understand being busy but I hate feeling like an intruder when asking to place my order. If you've got time to waste and don't care about great service this is the place for you! The good almost makes up for it.Wow.  I've never been this disappointed with beer before!  This is the only brew house in New Orleans...so of course I had to give it a try.  They had 4 beers on tap...Pilsner, Red Stallion, Black Forest, and a Special beer: Summer beer light. First of all...they all tasted the same.  If I didn't see the color..I would have been sure I was given the same 4 beers. That would have been OK..cause I like beer so I guess I don't really care if they all taste the same but the real problem was that the beer was pretty nasty.  It tasted the way a room full of hops smells.  There is a reason that there are additional steps to brewing beer after adding the hops...hops alone don't taste so great!  
The couple sitting next to me really enjoyed the Red Stallion beer...so maybe it was just my taste buds after drinking Hurricane's and Hand Grenade's for the previous 2 days.  
I won't return when I go back to New Orleans...but I'm glad I went.We started with the angry muscles which are a great appetizer.  Save the sauce to dip the bread in.  We then had the seared tuna salad which was disappointing because it had way too much black pepper.  Then we had the red fish entree which was really good.   The darker beers were the highlights of the beverages whereas the lighter beers lack flavor.  Atmosphere was great but the band played one song and then went on break for 20 minutes and this happened three times in a row which was confusing.  Service is great as well.The beer is what I expected of brewpubs ten years ago. Sorry guys, but the bar has been raised and your product is very lacking. 
The food is slightly better than the beer. I had the BLT, which was decently tasty overall, but was dripping in grease and some of the bacon was very overcooked.The seafood cheesecake is one of the best things that I have ever eaten, and that is saying a lot. Duck was really good.Great atmosphere!   Friendly, attentive staff and good music.   That food was yummy too.   Be sure to try their beer.   I had a seasonal wheat that was great.   I'll be back!