Came in by myself on a Saturday night. The bar was packed, so I opted to sit i the courtyard. Though it was a chilly night, the heaters were lit, and everyone seemed comfortable. I was only having a glass of wine, but my awesome server Kiki made me feel at ease, as if I was having a five course dinner. The attention to detail from the staff is amazing, and all of the tables amongst me were raving to each other about their dinner experience. Great addition to the neighborhood! This place is on my go to list from here on out.So I came to this beautiful courtyard from Baltimore Maryland. We are the home of crabcakes. We know no filler- all crab. But we make our crab cakes with old bay spice; that's our thing. The crabcakes here were phenomenal. I've never said that about any place outside of Baltimore. Marlon put his special spin on every tasty dish he makes.A must reservation in Nola.We are locals hosting a staycation bachelorette party for my sister, and Cru was the highlight of our weekend. The food was absolutely amazing. We had at least 1/2 the items on the menu and nothing disappointed. Kelsey, the chef in the treehouse, makes the best veggie menu I have ever had in NOLA. All of the seafood was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The asparagus soup, crab cakes, and fish of the day (and really everything else) were phenomenal. The staff was delightful and attentive without being overbearing. Anna was the best server I have had in quite a while. In the old Feelings Cafe, the ambiance perfect for the high end but unpretentious food. Would recommend for  date night, but it was perfect for a big group as well. 10/10 go here before you can't get a reservation.Service is so slow it's non existent.  It's hot.  They are out of nearly one third of the menu.  The hostess is a total waste who can't be bothered.  This place will be lucky to make it through the summer.Delicious food! The piano provided an authentic New Orleans atmosphere. Great wait staff! Bottomless mimosas . . . Highly recommend!Service wasn't the best....the waitress was nice. She could have walked around more to check on us. Every time someone needed something she wasn't around. This was during happy hour so it wasn't full or anything. The house punch was ok. It was more lemonade. I couldn't really taste the alcohol. The popcorn shrimp was pretty good. The seasoning on the truffle fries was visible. However, some seasoning you can really taste, because I think a little more oil could have been use so the actual Parmesan and seasoning could actually stick to the french fries.Just ate there tonight, it was a wonderful experience. We ate in the little courtyard, which was so pretty. Everyone who worked there was super friendly and accommodating. I'm vegan, so they pointed out everything vegan on the menu for me. I highly recommend pairing anything you get with the brussel sprouts!This Place HAS GOT IT!!! Now i will say i have been there three times now and i haven't ate most the menu but flip that menu over and look at the "Treehouse" section and get ready for some vegan veggie sushi realness!!! #yumyum #snortsnort! I challenge you to try the Ikigai roll best mushroom dish i had in a long time. (If you don't like mushroom don't try it, j/k try it!! It's delicious) Living in Nola for 7 yrs now one of my favorite things to do is to find a new local inspired chef that is rocking the game, Kelsey in the treehouse of cru, is ROCKING THE GAME!I can't say enough positive things in this review.  Since they opened  12/31/18 it was exciting to visit a restaurant in its infancy.  Well er me tell you.... GO NOW! Incredible food and even more amazing service.  I felt like one of the  family. Matthew was just incredible, I wish every server could be like him.  He gave incredible recommendations and considering I am a vegan  traveling with 3 carnivores this was the most amazing stop.  I want to come back Tomorrow. The food was amazing. The carnivores were pleased and even enjoyed the vegan samples from my plate.  The vegan Mac and cheese was mouth watering and the others said the tomahawk steak was incredible. I can only say you have to go.  The entire staff made us feel like family. The fact both chefs came to chat with us. It made our night. Cheers to Crú and I look forward to our next visit. Looking forward to the next visit.  Thanks CrúThis review is for the catering services performed by Mange, which operates out of the restaurant.
I hired Mange/Chef Marlon to cater a four-day high-end life coaching retreat I recently held in New Orleans. I truly cannot overstate how incredible the service and food were from start to finish. And I am not someone who is usually moved to write Yelp reviews!
Chef Marlon and his business partner Aaron were incredibly responsive and helpful in the planning stage - willing to work with our budget and dietary restrictions to make a menu that worked for everyone. 
On the weekend itself it's not an exaggeration to say that Aaron was integral to the retreat's success. He was there for almost every meal himself and made sure everything ran incredibly smoothly - not just the food but also the service and the clean-up. It was truly above and beyond what we expected and the student who had come as a work-study to help out was so grateful that she had more time to learn because Aaron handled everything so smoothly.
The food itself was also incredible. Everything was delicious and hearty but never heavy. There were audible moans of delight at many of the meals. If you cater an event with them I highly recommend the short ribs, soba salad, and debris hash among other things! And they were actually on the lower end of the quotes we got even more amazingly.
Aaron even managed to produce a birthday dessert for a client with about 12 hours notice when I found out the night beforehand that her birthday was the next day. Truly just exemplary service and food and I wish that I could host every retreat there so I could always hire Mange!Great food...hire more staff please. Plan to wait for EVERYTHING! Would like to come back if I have another 4 hours to wait.Sunday Drag show was amazing. Delicious menu, fantastic host, entertainment was top notch. Bring your dollars!! ‍One of the most creative menu of any restaurants that I have encountered in years. This Chef,Marlon Alexander, is a future James Beard Award Winner! The taste,the unique spice blends,the fresh,healthy approach,the service and ambience are all what propel this New Orleans Restaurant located in the Bywater to 5 stars!
It is not often that one discovers the Creme de la Creme!We've been wanting to go to Cru ever since Chef Marlon and Aaron opened it. It is located in the space once occupied by FEELINGS CAFE, and their decor is absolutely beautiful. We finally had the opportunity to dine there last Friday night. Upon arriving, we were greeted warmly by their staff and quickly seated. Our server, Matthew, was friendly and attentive. The ambiance was such as you would expect in a fine dining establishment. Ray had red wine; I opted to have soda.  Next we had the difficult task of deciding exactly what we were going to select as our entree. If you didn't know it, Chef Marlon has been a personal chef to quite a few high profile celebrities, and we could wait to try a dish. I ended up with the fried oysters, and Ray got the catch of the day, which was sea bass, served with greens and mashed potatoes. Well, let me tell you, neither dish was disappointing and I must say that the sea bass was probably the best tasting fish I've ever had! To round out an already amazing experience, Chef and Aaron took the time to come out of the kitchen and welcome us. Yes, it was a great experience, and fantastic food and service. By all means, make Cru a destination dining experience. You won't be sorry!Service is so slow it's non existent.  It's hot.  They are out of nearly one third of the menu.  The hostess is a total waste who can't be bothered.  This place will be lucky to make it through the summer.Wandered in to this great spot for a late brunch. Short ribs were life changing. Chef even stoped by to make sure we liked (loved!!) our meal. Lauren (bartender) was GREAT! Attentive and great conversation. Highly recommend.Amazing quick service, loved the food. Chef Marlon & his team are very professional and produce high quality food. Reasonably price, highly recommend.I had the pan seared bass and a glass of Sauv blanc. Kiki offered her help pairing the wine with the fish of the day, and it was very nice. Overall a great experience. I will return.The worst service in NOLA. At least 45 minutes for a drink. Multiple excuses. Horrible, just horrible service. Food was mediocre. If you can't service us. Don't sit us. Absolutely horrible. Prepare for a crowd. The worst dining experience I've had in Nola. Appetizers came out after the main course .finally, 93 minutes later....a drink....can't handle a crowd. Better food elsewhere for less and better service. AVOID!. Annnnndddddd...still waiting for a chicken sandwich. How can you not handle a crowd? If you can't, don't seat us. Food okay/service the worst I've had since McDonald'sBesides death and taxes, one thing is a certainty: new restaurants have growing pains and always experience speed bumps. We've always loved the Feelings space, and my beloved wanted to try Cru for his birthday. We started by being seated by a bachelorette party upstairs (if you live in NOLA, I'll wait for the hair to go down on the back of your neck)...but a request to be moved was met with kindness and a much quieter downstairs space. I'm not gonna go into the glitches because, as I said, they happen. What you need to know is this: everything we ate was exceptional. Filet. Greens. Popcorn shrimp. Asparagus. Burger. Delicious. And it bears repeating that every single employee was kind and friendly. (The dining room even got a free champagne toast as our server--whom I hope is their manager, because she's smart and knows how to work FOH like a pro--jokingly pointed out the "ghosts" pulling the strings and making sure everything that could go wrong would go wrong.) My point is this: be kind. Let them figure it out. Be patient. Have a sense of humor. They'll exorcise those ghosts. Or at least get them to pick up a bus tub and pull their weight.Popped in on a Thursday night late for a quick appetizer and sat at the bar with Lauren. She is a shining star! What a glowing personality  we felt instantly welcomed.  She recommended the smoked dip and a side of candies jalapeño. YUMMMMMMM.  Lauren also crafted a delicious jalapeño pineapple cocktail. We can't wait to go back.I gathered some friends for the drag brunch on Sunday morning. The ambience is beautiful (the old Feelings Cafe - so how could it not be?!) and the food was great. But the service was...really lacking to be honest. We were always missing something from our table. We ordered bottomless mimosas, bellinis, and coffees but at some point one, if not all of these, beverages were empty. We had to actively keep asking to get them refilled which is annoying, but whatever. The drinks were also very light on the sparkling and were rather juice-heavy. I'm vegan so was excited about the vegan food - and it delivered! The cauliflower hollandaise was so delicious. But I ordered it with a side of salad rather than potatoes, it came with potatoes. My friend got the avo toast, adding a poached egg. It arrived without the egg. So when I raised this with the woman who brought our food, she seemed quite stressed, said she didn't take our order, and then left. They did eventually sort all of that but then charged me for the side salad that I had originally ordered. My friend's avo toast had exactly 4 chickpeas on it (they did eventually bring a poached egg on a side plate for her). My other friend ordered hot tea, but it never arrived. She was charged for that too. They told us they could change our money into singles for the drag show, but when they returned, they didn't have enough ones to cash all of ours so gave us back some of our original bills. Eventually, these erroneous charges were removed, but at that point, the staff seemed exasperated (perhaps with us?!) and we felt bad because we had to keep asking for stuff and reminding them about things. The drag itself was fun. I would come back here for sure, but they have some opening pains yet to iron out to make this a smooth-running restaurant experience that I think most people would expect, especially in a city like New Orleans.Horrible service. Waiter didn't know how to use the iPad to take our order.  Food  was not brought out  at the same time.  And Jesus, splitting the check 4 ways was beyond our waiter's ability.I have been to this restaurant three times and absolutely love it.   The staff is very friendly and I like how Marlon comes out of the kitchen to mingle with the customers.    He has every reason to be proud of his culinary skills.   The bar and the courtyard have a warm and inviting New Orleans charm.  Most importantly,  the food is amazing.   I had the burger the last time I went and it was juicy and flavorful.   Although I'm not a seafood eater,  my friend swears it's some of the best food he's ever had.   A "must-try" in my book.You need to make a trip here! From the oysters to the amazing specials, this place is incredible! I've been here a few times now and I love this place! The white wine sauce on the linguine is incredible! It's the best pasta dish I've had in the city! Definitely worth a trip to taste this amazing cuisine, plus the staff is so lovely and elegant and the building is beautiful!Our 4th day inNew Orleans led to our best meal at Cru! Went there on a recommendation of a local.  The fried oysters were great, wonderful mixof flavors.  Wife's grouper was superb, as was my filet, with flash fried brussels sprouts. Wow. 
Neighborhood safe, residential, we walked there from Esplanade.Absolutely fabulous! The food, the ambience, the staff! We could not have had a better experience. Will definitely be back!I came here for the drag brunch on a Sunday with a group of 4 people for my bachelorette weekend in New Orleans.  They have a drag show most of the day so you can come whenever.  I'm not a strip club type of person so this was a good alternative.  You still have one dollar bills to tip them and it's a more fun experience.  The drag queens wore fabulous outfits and went all out.  They were all so nice and took pictures with us afterwards.  They also gave me a bachelorette glass which was cute.  We ordered the shrimp and grits, crab cake, and salmon benedict off the brunch menu.  The food was delicious.  I especially enjoyed the shrimp and grits, it was so creamy.  Service was excellent, fast and attentive.  I would definitely come back for a bachelorette or birthday celebration.We had a wonderful brunch with bottomless drinks. Great entertainment and phenomenal food. Chef Marlon Alexander is doing it right. Put it on your "must do" list.I love this place. 
Drinks and food in a pleasant atmosphere. Happy dance!
I recently held an event here and it went well. The tree house is so cute upstairs. 
The cocktails...love the aeperol spritzer! The veggie burger and salad are also yummy. 
The happy hour is 4-7 and the bar is really cute. The outdoor patio area is perfect for a romantic date, cigar night, girls night out or just solo drinks.We attended drag brunch on a Sunday with a group of 15 and had the beat time.  We were greeted at the door by the hostess and shown to our seats immediately.  The champagne flowed freely without delay and the entertainment was so much fun. We were with mostly out of towners and as a local it was great to show them how we truly do brunch in the south. The food came out promptly and was very good, I actually did not hear a single person at my table complain and we all had empty plates.   We left the restaurant extremely satisfied and laughing.  I highly recommend everyone check out Cru!In a city with so many amazing restaurants, it's always sad when we stumble upon a place that does such a poor job with both service and food quality. We made a reservation because we wanted to make sure we could get a seat and eat before the parades began. We were seated at a little table upstairs and we were only the second table at the time that we sat down. However, every table was full by the time we left and there was still only one server trying to handle all of the tables. She struggled mightily.
When we sat down, we ordered drinks (two beers) and also immediately placed our food order. They were out of brussels sprouts by 6:00pm. A few minutes later, we heard that they were also out of the smoked trout and the grouper. Sounds like someone forgot to put in the grocery order for the week...
We ordered calamari, truffle french fries and mussels. The calamari and fries came first, along with one of the beers. I had to ask twice before my beer finally showed up (as we were finishing our meal). The fries were not cut consistently and they were clearly not shaken in the basket while being fried because they came out in a blob of potato - some pieces were not cooked all the way and the entire plate was just barely warm. The calamari, however, was hot and tasted alright. Not great, but alright.
Eventually our mussels showed up, but it was clear that the server had lost it by then because she had no idea which table had ordered them. After we let her know that we hard ordered them, she went around and asked every table what they were still waiting on (at that point, every table was waiting on... everything they had ordered!). When she ran back downstairs, the table behind us got up and helped themselves to the water pitcher because the server had not refilled their water glasses.
It was clear throughout the night that the server was in over her head. She said several times that she had the entire upstairs room plus a table of six downstairs. So, while she provided terrible service, it wasn't entirely her fault. The restaurant was not staffed as they should have been - there were seven tables upstairs plus the table downstairs and she had no help with refilling drinks, running food, etc. It was literally just her doing everything.
Needless to say, we won't be back. There are plenty of other great options in town...Food and drag show were great, but the service is terrible. We had a reservation for 1pm, and showed up at 12:45 and they had "dropped" our reservation on accident. Set a table for 10 upstairs instead of 19. Finally after getting us all seats, Our table was away from the show and they never told us that during the reservation process. They didn't take our order until 1:45, and hour after being there. We asked about getting tables near the main show and they offered to split up our group. When one of the drag ladies realized how hype our group was, she wanted us to move to the main show so we did. The whole time our waiter just rolled his eyes and had an attitude. Some of our group got bottomless mimosas and they only brought one set of carafes bc the service was slow. And then when we asked for another, they said sorry they didn't have anymore since the drag show was over even though we didn't get our food till the end of the show .When we asked to talk to the manager they said he wasn't there.. Which was a blatant lie because we saw him. They weren't apologetic and blamed our trouble on their computer that dropped our reservation. After all of the trouble with seating us, bad service, and $20 for bottomless mimosas which turned to only one drink... They couldn't even give us a discount at all! And when I addressed our servers attitude I was told "This is the best server we have".. And if that's the best they have then no thanks but I can serve myself or take my money elsewhere.Excellent ambience and food!!  The courtyard dining is an exceptional experience and the waitstaff are very courteous and friendly....Beautiful atmosphere. Great service. Tasty menu. The drinks are very tasty. The service was quick and on point. Our server was quite entertaining and knowledgeable. Would come again soon!A great restaurant!
The food had excellent taste, nice presentation, gracious portions
The servers were friendly & attentive 
The restaurant was intimate, it was easy to have conversation.  I would return and recommend to all friends visiting New Orleans. 
I thoroughly enjoyed the crab cake sandwich and brussel sprouts! The brussel spouts were very flavorful.Food was delicious but I can't get past my experience with the owner/chef of the restaurant. He was being inappropriate and made me feel very uncomfortable in front of my family. He gave us free drinks but then continued to approach the table several more times. Eventually, he held my face and kissed me on the cheek, and then dropped his business card on the table in front of me. This was so weird and unprofessional and I will not be returningReally good food at Cru, service good even though shortstaffed! Only real minus was, extremely loud in main dining room. The five of us barely could converse as table of 10 were loud, but just enjoying themselves.  Acoustics might help.In the former fabulousness of feelings café, Cru is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Service: knowledgeable and unpretentious 
Food: delicious and delicious 
Ambiance: pick what you want (formal dining room, outdoor space, cozy bar, upstairs balcony)Brunch and a show. We went here for brunch on Sunday. We had the Challah Bread French Toast, Short Ribs, Crab Cake, and the classic egg Benedict with potatoes. Everything was really good.  French toast were perfectly sliced and had a crunch, they come with syrup, blueberries and cashew cream. Really good mix.
Short ribs soft and flavorful. Everyone enjoyed a side of potatoes. Portions are moderate so I wouLd suggest  getting a side or a second plate. $20 bottomless Bellini or other. Last call is at noon? Wish they would have told us that in advance. No other type of coffee except community coffee. I was in the mood for a cappuccino.. waitress said only regular coffee. I had a few cups and it was actually really good.
The show is great. The performers are really nice and friendly. Will be back to try other items.Excellent food and good ambiance!
We were tired from a long day sightseeing and decided to find a place within steps from our Airbnb. I am very happy to have this restaurant!
Located in Marigny in an artsy residential area, this restaurant is in an old building built in 1790. Parking can be found on the street but it can be somewhat limited. I would also recommend making reservations online as the restaurant has limited tables.
I ordered the side salad as appetizer and the scallop on risotto as entree. I also got the chocolate mousse as dessert. Overall, the food was excellent. The scallop and risotto were done perfectly and the salad was of generous portion.
As of service, our waiter was attentive and very helpful. The decor of the restaurant felt very traditional Southerm theme and the ambiance was perfect for dinner. 
Highly recommend!Headline: Disappointing eating experience with a dysfunctional kitchen.
We had reservations at 6:30pm (so still early for a dinner) on a Saturday for 16 for my friend's bachlorette party (needless to say this was a special occasion). 
The bad: 
-The menu wasn't too big but many of us were excited for the lobster roll and were met with the disappointing news that they were OUT of lobster rolls...and the lobster ceviche, the fried chicken sandwhich...actually, just all chicken, brussel sprouts and enough mussels for one more order! This was such crazy news but we decided to make the most of it and still order. 
-We started randomly getting entrees with people finishing their food before others even got theirs and before all of the appetizers! 
-After the super long wait, the scallops I ordered were super salty (and i like salt) and no amount of lemon could save it. Thank goodness I didn't actually have to pay for it. 
-The truffle fries were also pretty salty and slightly too crisp. 
-My friend ordered the ribeye medium rare but it came out blood red rare and had to be recooked. 
Now for some good which is why they get 2 stars instead of 1:  
-The crabcake was one of the best i've had with light mayo and breading with just the right amount of crab. A little pricy but worth it.
-Shrimp and grits were delicious and the grits were smooth (which i like). Foie gras grits was rich and yummy but might be better shared. 
-The place was pretty and the server did her best.
Overall, the horribly run kitchen and hit or miss food lead to us looking for cheap fried chicken afterwards!Just came by for a quick bite and a few drinks. Food was sub par for an establishment that touts a Chef's name in every single publication. Got the calamari and the truffle fries. The calamari was soggy and the breading fell right off. The truffle fries were seasoned well, but cold. Got the sangria, it was served in a small rocks glass (?), half full, packed with ice. The service was even worse. Although the server was pleasant, you could tell she was just WAY in over her head. Took over 20 minutes to order after sitting at a table (without being greeted), and then completely finished our food before she even checked back again ("when she checked back again" was when we flagged her down to give her a credit card to close the tab)
All in all, terrible experience and I would never recommend it.The food here is fantastic!  The staff are attentive but not pushy.  Of course we had way more food than we could eat!  It was a special night for us, we came to the right place to enjoy it!Kiki was great and so was the smoked trout dip. I got a wedge salad and the spicy tuna roll was better than the mixed rolls I am used to. Truffle fries and banana "ice cream" for dessert.Sunday brunch is a blast here! Their Drag Show is awesome and so fun! The spot is pretty compact so there's not much wiggle room, so don't plan on bringing a party too big here. 
As for the brunch food, my friends and I really enjoyed our food. The menu isn't that big so there's not many options to select from. I'm not sure if they're willing to accommodate any dietary restrictions either. We had the Eggs Benedict and a few side. I loved their Shrimp and Grits, especially the creamy sauce it was in!The vegan sushi was excellent! I loved the jackfruit "sneauxcrab" especially. My boyfriend got the trout dip and oysters and loved those as well. Our waitress Kiki was great- really sweet and fun. Highly recommend.I loved this place. I had a wonderful Fillet and the Brussels Sprouts were out of this world. I actually had the pleasure of meeting Chef Marlon Alexander, what a delightful guy and wonderful person and a great Chef. I highly recommend dining here.  Good prices and excellent food, great atmosphere. Don't miss this one.AAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAZZZZIIIIINNNNFGGGG Drag brunch. Chef was there the whole time meeting and enjoying with everyone. What a wonderful dining and entertainment experience. 10 stars!!!Yesterday we attended Mama Honey's Drag Brunch, mc'ed by Vanessa Carr Kennedy.  What a blast we had!  Haven't laughed so hard in a long time.  The girls were wonderful, classy yet sexy.  Vanessa woes a great job at interaction with everyone there.  She made everyone feel welcomed. 
Her show was enough to warrant five stars, however, the food deserved five stars as well.  I had the opened face egg sandwich, cooked perfectly. The other had the London special, salmon, cream cheese, bagels....said fresh and delicious.  Also, can't forget the all you can drink bloody Mary, mimosas, and they do mean bottomless.
We also have visited the bar several times for their Happy hour.  Behind the bar is either Nicki or Malone, both serving great drinks.  Unfortunately do not have the other names, but right from the start the hostess all make you feel special.
Chef Marlin, owner and Chef doing a great job.When we walked in for brunch, there were 3-4  people in the alley-way smoking cigarettes.  I do not want someone who is delivering my food to smell like cigarettes.  We sat at the bar and saw bartenders using their bare hands to put olives on a toothpick - I can only hope they were not out smoking cigarettes.  We did not stay to eat, we did not order any alcohol.  We left immediately after drinking coffee.We came from out of town and made reservations for brunch on 10/6/19. When we arrived the hosts that day (a young girl with faux locs/braids) attempted you seat us but she was incredibly rude and inconsiderate. She just threw our menus on a table and walked off! She didn't even say formally that this was our table. Also the table was located next to the bar where people were standing and their behinds would've been in our face. This was our worst experience in Nola thus far and I DO NOT RECCOMEND at all! I am in the hospitality business and this isn't how you treat your patrons. Go somewhere else.Writing based on last evening's experience.
party of 4 quiet mature adult diners.
In my friend's / family's neighbourhood, we were out for an evening stroll, no reservations anywhere, and having been turned away at FRANKLIN's new owners preferred empty tables; can't help y'all for 3 hours ! or another local friendly spot where they had a staff shortage, we happened by CRU:
recognized as locals who hadn't been 'in' for a while, warmly greeted and seated in the courtyard.
drinks speedily ordered and delivered a fine Napa ROSE @ 5 bucks a generous pour from the Happy Hour menu, 3 different HUGE appy plates also from the Happy menu, a coupla mains, some FRESH bivalves at the right price in beautiful garden setting.
Lighting is lovely.
Courtyard is very old space; 250 plus years, history.
They've done a great reno since this WAS Feelings event space, all new owners / staff, and hospitality reigns supreme.
Nothing's 'too hard'.
Kitchen CLEARLY knows what they're doing.
An earlier reviewer used the word "UNPRETENTIOUS", which summed it up for me.
Chef Marlon even dropped by tableside to say hello.
Servers are ON THE BALL.
Greeters are attentive.
Space is tidy.
fortuitous people in Marigny / Bywater having CRU nearby.
Only minutes from FQ, but could be on another planet.
Praise.
Recommendations.
Worthy of support in an incredibly competitive dining out market.
We will return to sample more menu items.
full 5 stars.Well, unfortunately I cannot give Cru 5 stars. I guess I should have written a review the first time I ate there which was approximately 3 weeks after they opened. Tonight we were seated early which was a plus even tho we wanted to go spend some time at the bar to have a drink before dinner. Then it quickly became obvious that they were VERY short handed. We wait and waited for someone to take our drink order. When a couple people from party finally got up to go the the bar to order our drinks, then the server appeared.  The atmosphere was nice but noisy we were on the patio which lended itself to give a cool New Orleans Patio vibe but still noisy.  Finally, we were served our cocktails and asked if we wanted to place our order. At this point we were told SEVERAL items on the menu were NOT available. Very disappointing. Last time we visited, I enjoyed the crab cake, it was so delicious and full of lump crab meat..umm not available tonight. Also they had some really unique sushi rolls on the menu last time we were there..NO LONGER ON THE MENU. What happened in such a short amount of time? Now...my husband's meal came to the table completely wrong so it was sent back to the kitchen, which in turn made his meal not arrive until after Everyone else had finished eating. Yes, they offered him a complimentary cocktail but that doesn't make up for an entree. The food was delicious if we could have gotten it in a timely manner! They need to get it together . Cru has the potential to be a really high end restaurant, but not like this. Thanks but it will be a while before we come back again.If I could give this place a zero I would.  Horrific management.  So rude! Refused our group of ladies service for "intoxication" when it was completely uncalled for. I will NEVER spend our money at this place.  The quality has gone completely downhill.Had such a great brunch and the entertainment was top notch (and I'm from nyc). HIGHLY recommend if you're looking for a fun drag brunch with talented queens and delicious classics.This place is an absolute gem. We went here for brunch and had a great time. Our food and drinks were fantastic (we both ordered the crab cake breakfast and bellinis). The crab cake was gorgeous, fresh, super thick, and had lot of flavor. Somehow the salad that came with it was equally amazing. The patio we were sat on was so cute, overall the ambiance was on point. Great, friendly service too. Just go here, it's worth it.So, after coming here on a recommendation I have been four times since! The restaurant is black owned! First win!!! The cabaret burlesque and drag show is sooooofun! Not to mention the food is absolutely delicious!!!! Go experience this place!!!Met a few friends randomly here one night. And had some bomb tacos! Tacos were great with a reasonable price. Nice neighborhood restaurant/bar, where you can hang with local pals.The drag brunch is one of a kind. I've done every drag brunch in the city from the country club, to trinity and etc. This is my favorite. The staff immediately makes you feel like you are in a high scale LA restaurant sitting a table over from your favorite celebrities. Chef Alexander makes his presence known by the entire restaurant which is very rare. He is making sure drinks are filled, food is right and doesn't stop till you are happy. Like a family member He kisses you on the way out and expect to see you again for the next holiday! The show in itself is well done and amazing. The MC is entertaining and knowledgeable and welcomes you into her family. This is an interactive drag show. You'll get up and dance and have fun! I've done it twice already and I'm already planning a third. It's perfect for birthdays and celebrations. What's also great is the queens never make you feel uncomfortable. So whether this isn't your thing or you want to dance with a queen it's comfortable for everyone. Yes the food is amazing too! Food makes you want to come back another day even without the queens. I'm so excited for this restaurant and everything it is and I'm excited to see what else their future holds. Thank you Chef Alexander, Queens, and staff.Absolutely love this place! I had friends visiting and they actually accidentally discovered this bar/restaurant while exploring the Bywater area. The location just opened around New Years time so it's brand spanking new. My friends loved it so much they wanted me to try it. Walking in, the place is sectioned off to 3-4 different locations which I love. There is an indoor traditional restaurant area when you enter on the left then on the right there is a beautiful outdoor area as well as the bar. The bar has an amazing Happy Hour which includes a bunch of $5 beers and wines and food which ranges from $3-8 which includes calamari, fried shrimp (amazing), nuts and various types of sushi. The final area is the upstairs area which has their own sushi bar. 
We started the night with drinks at the bar since their main dining area was occupied with an event. I ordered one of the most amazing Sangria type drinks which was a combination of vodka, red wine mixes, fruits and lychee. We then went upstairs and tried all of the Happy Hour menu items.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bar nut: Actually ordered this on accident but it was super super delicious. They toast them first so it was warm and perfectly seasoned. 
Popcorn Shrimp: SOOOOO GOOD. Perfectly fried and they are really generous on the size of the shrimp. The amount was also quite generous. 
Fried Calamari: Also Delicious. Portions are good and the batter was great. I like the sauce that it comes with. 
Truffle fries: I have a weakness for anything truffle but these were perfectly cooked with perfection seasoning. DELICIOUS! 
JAKKU Roll from the treehouse: I honestly couldn't tell that it was Vegan. The fruit was cooked and seasoned very well and tasted like fried tempura. 
PAPPARDELLE chicken: SOOOO GOOD. They hand make the noodles at the restaurant and you can definitely tell with the quality. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Overall, amazing place. I'm so happy I discovered this place early but I have a feeling its going to get crazy busy once others discover it. My favorite thing about this place is their amazing court yard. They also are starting Jazz Brunches on weekends with bottomless drink options! The service was absolutely amazing and we met the owners who were so friendly and talked to us about new things that are coming. I'm so excited to try this place again.My girlfriends and I are in town for a bachelorette party and we came here for brunch and the burlesque show. We loved the entire experience. Our server Matthew was absolutely amazing... he was quick, attentive, and friendly. The show was good, and the host was super engaging and personable and had a lot of showmanship. Out of a party of 10, majority of us ordered either the French toast or shrimp and grits and we all loved our food! Shrimp and grits are popular, but the flavor here definitely stood out from other places I've tried. Prices were very reasonable for all food and drink options. I'd definitely recommend if in town and looking for a fun show and good place to eat!!We celebrated a friend's birthday today at brunch!  Service was top notch.  Our waiter, Matthew, was attentive and accommodating.  Brunch menu suggests just the right amount of food.  Menu isn't overwhelming.  Vegan options available.  Everything from the crab cakes to the French toast to the short rib hash was delicious.  We tried them all.  This is a must stop in the Marigny.  Bottomless brunch beverages set the stage as there are a variety of options from sangria to mimosas to bloody Marys to house-made punch .  We  tried them all!  Oh FYI this is the old Feelings Restaurant.This restaurant has such potential but the service was almost non existent. The advertised (Poster by the front door) vegan menu was not offered. We waited forever for our food. Only one order of the special scallops out of 3 made it to the table and other entrees had to be ordered. The restaurant was not too busy for the crappy service and food. I suspect more nights like this and they won't stay in business. I saw no manager or Maitre D so I also suspect this is a ship without a captain. What a shame. I can not recommend this place in its present state of operation.We went to the 1pm Saturday drag brunch for my ladies family Christmas lunch and had an absolute blast!  Everyone - the hostess, the bartender, our amazing waiter Wade, the Queens, the entire staff - took extremely great care of us to help ensure we had a successful little event.
The $20 bottomless package that actually allows you to switch between the mimosa, Bellini, rum punch and bloodys - legit. 
The Queens were fabulously dressed, high energy and talented and put on entertaining performances that had us so engaged and, at times, dying laughing.  Having just been to The Country Club drag lunch, I can say it's very clear the Cru Queens respect their craft and are true entertainers.
The food was delicious on all 8 of our party's accounts and the bottomless drinks were flowing.  Special thanks to Wade (aka Brian, ha) for taking such great care of us and never making us feel like we were a bother even when we were lingering and the last people to leave. 
I think we found ourselves a new annual tradition, but you'll see us again before then.  Thanks, Cru!Cru is one of the hidden gems in New Orleans. I had the calamari as an appetizer with marinara, bang bang sauce, and an orange spicy sauce. I loved it. But the Ribeye definitely takes the cake. I asked for medium well and it was slightly undercooked but still delicious. Ask for the creamy horseradish with your steak. I am impressed, will definitely return. The Lavender Lady with gin also complimented the meal perfectly. Our waitress was astounding, I don't know her name but she was a Caucasian lady with bright and beautiful eyeshadow. She was attentive and amazing!!!!!!!! Can't wait to go back.Visited NOLA for the first time and made our way here for a Drag Brunch on Sunday.  The drag queens put on a great show, interacted with everyone in the place and took photos throughout.  Bring your dollars for tips - they deserve them!  We had endless bellinis and mimosas along with crab cakes and a loaded bagel plate. The service was awesome, and the food delish. Was a great place to visit in a quaint part of town!The chef is incredibly friendly and involved with not only what's going on in the kitchen but upfront as well. Everything was incredibly delucious. We had the pleasure of enjoying their Burlesque Brunch, very generous portions and libations. The waitstaff were incredibly attentive and generous.
Cru by Chef Marlon Alexander will always be a stop on my trips to New Orleans!Absolutely fabulous! The food, the ambience, the staff! We could not have had a better experience. Will definitely be back!It's a holiday weekend. We make our reservation weeks in advance but are told there's a big party coming in at a certain time so we should leave by then. 3 separate items are sold out. Food was good, but service was abysmal. 
Planning for a holiday shouldn't be that hard. Have staff and have food.Absolutely amazing! Devine! Loved Chef Marlon! He introduced me to a fine scotch, too! Loved the scallops!Beautiful building, beautiful bar, stuffy dining room. Tasty cocktails but seriously limited spirits. Ate there three times a couple weeks apart. The first time was awesome, second time ok, and the last time my fish sandwich wasn't cooked the whole way thru and was inedible. Also, the staff gets a bit too friendly in late night conversations at the bar, super unprofessional.Amazing time!! Went for a bachelorette and had a fabulous experience. Wayne, our server, was simply phenomenal. The queens (and king) were so fabulous to our party. They totally operated with our (shy) bride's comfort level, and honestly just made the experience so fantastic. The food was also amazing. Could not recommend this place more highly.I had such a great time at the Sunday Drag Brunch. The food was good, the servers were friendly, and the Drag Queens were fabulous! I heard they do a burlesque show on Saturday, so I'll have to come back for that. The table next to us shared their birthday cake with us because locals here are very friendly.