Sexy space, hipster crowd, cute appetizers, and fancy cocktails. But some of those fancy cocktails (and I can't remember which ones, I admit) didn't taste as good as they sounded in the menu. And since I don't remember which ones were icky, let's just say avoid the fancy cocktails and go straight for the hard stuff.Love this place! The decor and overall ambiance is so sexy and cool.  It's very reminiscent of NYC or LA bars.  I'm sure the bartenders call themselves "mixologists" :)  It feels like that kind of place.  
The music is often unexepected with hip hop one minute and techno the next.  I love it!  
I've only been twice.  Once was a random drop in and the second was for my very own birthday gathering. That's how much I enjoyed the overall vibe!
I haven't had a chance to enjoy any of the food but looking forward to trying it out.  My only complaint (and it's really not a complaint) is that there are no standard liquors on the menu.  You've got to take a chance and try out a random vodka etc if you're looking for a cocktail.  Chances are good that you'll enjoy what they recommend but it can impede some from wanting to order.  Otherwise....I say step right in and enjoy a cool Nola spot with the feeling of chic big city bar.Stellar service from extremely knowledgable bartender and terrific drinks. What else is there to ask for? Five stars on the obvious merits.Solid cocktail bar.  We took a cab to Freret to have pre-Cochon cocktails, only to arrive at Cure at 4:15, 45 minutes before their Saturday opening time.  The bartendress was kind enough to stick her head out the door and suggest we check out the Freret Market down the street.  We did, ate a few meat pies, and generally had a good time.  
When the door at Cure unlocked at 5:05, our party of 3 was greeted courteously, but not necessarily warmly, by the bar staff.  After we planted ourselves at the bar, however, the relationship progressed and some warmth showed.  
The warm cocktail of the day, an apple jack-based cider, deftly balanced sweet, spicy, and boozey.  A gin fizz off the menu could've used a bit more fizz, but was well-prepared.  The Big Apple, a slightly sweeter, spicier take on a Manhattan, lived up to the bartendress's praises (it's her recipe, apparently).  An off-the-menu Last Word wasn't quite "the best cocktail ever made" as promised, but the way its sweet-citrusy-herbaciousness teased my taste buds made me happy.
"Pretentious" isn't a word I'd use to describe this place, and I'm from Dallas, where even a trip to the grocery store typically involves a fair amount of less-than-authentic behavior.  Overall, Cure is as good an upscale cocktail bar as I've ever experienced, and the fresh investment in the Freret neighborhood it represents merits a 5th star .There are some people who might say that this bar is for obnoxious hipsters. There are others who might say it is for pretentious people. They're both wrong. Cure is definitely for obnoxious, pretentious hipsters. 
Mixologists? Really? If mixing is a science, put it on the SAT. Cure may want to focus a little less on the "science" of mixing and a little more on getting your drinks to you inside of 15 minutes.
If you are looking for nice ambience and expertly mixed cocktails without the wait OR the attitude, head a little further downtown to the Sazerac in the Roosevelt. It may be a little packed and there may be a fair share of tourists, but at least it doesn't give off the vibe that fun is strictly verboten.Cure is not my kind of place. I've actually visited it three times but only once actually been inside. It was only that last time (during a Yelp bar crawl) that I even realized it was Cure. With the lack of a sign I had no idea the other two times. So, why only inside once? Because the other two times I or someone in my party was turned away. So what if I'm in a t-shirt or maybe I have shorts on. Freret St never struck me as the kind of place to have a dress code.
The last time, when I did gain access it was no doubt because I was with a Yelp group. The hipster doorman even stopped me as we were entering to tell me the dress code was being enforced at 9:00. It was 8:45. I took this to mean, "have a drink with your friends and then get out".
As for the drinks, I didn't try any of the fancy cocktails because of the ridiculous price. No mixed drink should cost $18. I did order a Scotch and got a single finger's height of it for $14. Simply criminal.The place is gorgeous. The cocktails are fabulous. Most of the people there on Sunday night are in the restaurant/bar business. I had the Drink of Laughter and Forgetting which I loved because it is made from Cynar (mostly), Green Chartreuse, Lime Juice and Angostura bitter which are likely four of my favorite cocktail ingredients. I also had the Gunshop Fizz which is a Peychaud (2 oz) cocktail with strawberry, cucumber and soda. Very pretty and good. Also tasted the 1000 Blue Eyes which was delightful. Such a pretty drink. French vermouth (mainly, Tanqueray Gin, Lemon, and Orange Flower Water. Great cocktails!Food was lovely and drinks excellent. Unfortunately it was FREEZING. My two friends and I literally were SHIVERING, asked that the temp be turned up and as it remained glacial we left as soon as we could because it was so cold. Really a shame; love the drinks but having to wear a snowsuit to a bar isn't cute.Cure is just great and judging by the crowd it is no secret that it's open. The Ambiance is stark but not plain Jane. Nice banquets, high barstools,and cool old school light bulbs over the bar. Cure is all about the cocktail, wine and beer are secondary. It is nice to see a mortar and pedstle in use, lemons and limes squeezed for the drink not for the night.. There is a serious commitment to the Art of the Cocktail here.
I only was able to enjoy one appetizer chopped duck liver marinated in red wine on crostini.  Great flavor and good size portion and like everything else
at Cure it was reasonably priced. Overall it was a great experience and I look forward to returning with some friends to enjoy several apps. and some paired cocktails.My favorite wine bar in New Orleans. Thursday is 40% off of wine bottles which attracts me and my friends to come in almost every week. The interior is very chic and the outdoor patio is extremely pleasant. The menu is also delicious - can't go wrong!Great cocktails, but they know it and will make you pay dearly for them. If you manage to catch them at happy hour, however, there are some reasonably priced optionsI may be crucified for this but, deep breath, here goes...
It is OK to be surly to your customers if they are a.) your friends, b.) being surly themselves or c.) you work in a dive bar. But when i took my brother to Cure because he has a strong interest in craft cocktails, and I ordered said craft cocktail, the bartender literally rolled his eyes and while mixing it up, told a group right next to me that this was the least favorite drink of his to make. Loud enough so I could hear. I ignored it, thanked him when he set it in front of me, and ordered wine the next round. 
Sorry, Mr. Expensive Hipster Opticals, that I asked for the Rum Cha Yen,
But worse was that Mr. EHO corrected my brother when he ordered the beer and a shot special as a sazerac rye and beer. We are going to argue semantics now?? He warmed up to us on a discussion of Death's Door liquors, but I was rankled.
Cure is a lovely bar in a beautifully restored building in a neighborhood I hope grows and thrives in the near future. But I will take myself and friends to Bar Tonique from now on, because this was not the first, but certainly is the last, time I pay up the wazoo for attitude with my fancypants drink.Congrats Cure on wining James Bears Award for best bar program! That itself says a lot. This place is just hands down amazing. I feel in love with it the moment I walked in, the ambiance is very sophisticated but yet payed back. Every cocktail I have had was amazing and left me wanting to try more! Go to Cure! If you haven't been you are truly missing yours on something spectacular.WOW ... Discrete little bar in a beautifully restored old fire station in the up and coming section of Freret.  The bar tenders are masters of there craft ... Literally tell them what sort of liquor / flavor you are looking for and they magically create something beyond what you could ever expect.
I drank gin, and had two special cocktails which both included fresh muddled mint ... My husband had pimm cocktails with tequila ... Quite a take on the traditional.  
Very cool spot, lots of really cool locals ... Shout out to Patrick who told us all about the place and sang it's praises.  
Worth spending time here!Maybe three stars is a little harsh, but it's been my experience that they're hardly hurting for business.  On the weekends, it's sort of a 30-something "place to be," with the crowds that go along with that. If that's not your style, go on a weekday evening.
The bartenders are great, the space hits that elevated but not presumptuous tone, and the bar food is not "bar food."   So what's the problem? 
Well.... the house drinks kind of suck, in my opinion.  This would not be a huge problem, as standard drinks are great, but this is a "cocktail place." With assistance from dining companions, I had the run of the menu a few months ago (maybe it has changed).  Each one was like a supergroup band that should be brilliant on paper but comes out with something distinctly listenable, but not revelatory. 
Champagne and Bourbon? How crazy! Except it turns out there's a reason you haven't had it. It's not bad, but it's just not as good as either champagne or bourbon by itself, at least this time.
The problem is I love the idea of this place. It tempts me, sitting there in its surreal and optimistic location on Freret. But I think I've learned my lesson.5 stars to this amazing cocktail bar. A James Beard award winner for Best Bar Program is well deserved!! I loved the King of Spain cocktail. Fall inspired and delicious. A must to check out in NO!Pretty sure this is my favorite spot in New Orleans. It reminds me a lot of my favorite bar back home. Drinks are on point, staff's excellent and extremely knowledgable, and they have an excellent rotation of music. Haven't tried anything on the food menu, yet.I had been to Cure once before, but since I'm not usually a cocktail drinker, I wasn't impressed.  I went on a Saturday, the place was packed and just seemed like an overpriced meet market.  I was determined to give this place another shot, and boy, am I glad I did!
When I decided to visit Cure again, I was with some friends.  We went early on a Friday evening and we decided to eat there.  I just thought they had little munchies, but they have full on dinner!  
I got the short rib debris sandwich that was SO good I actually wrote down the name of it!  It was warm meat served on toast with a thin layer of cheese.  It almost reminded me of an upscale version of the pot roast sandwich from IHOP.  Yeah, I know that's a stretch, but that was really what it brought to mind for me.  Long story short, it was AWESOME!  If you are a fan of meat, as I am, then you have to try it!
For my cocktail, I had a margarita, which was really good and smooth.  It was definitely an "A" list margarita.
If you are looking to beat the crowds, be sure to go a little earlier (before 10).  We went around 8ish and it wasn't bad at all.
I can't wait to go back and get that sandwich or maybe the "breakfast" sandwich, with egg and ham, that they have.  Mmm...One of the best places for drinks in NOLA, good small plates. Great place and great service, plus cute mixologists.I like coming to this place and try to go every now and then.  The mixed drinks are very delicious and worth the price.  There's a pear drink that I had that I can't remember the name of but that I always like.  The atmosphere is very laid back yet upscale.I've always wanted to grab drinks here. Finally went with a friend the other night. As you walk in the decor is very nice! My friend and I decided to sit outside the patio area. The waitstaff was very helpful and the small plates were excellent paired with any drink on the menu. Overall great place, good atmosphere, will return.Reminds me of a contemporary twist on an 1890's gentlemen's tavern - very cool ambiance.  I love this place, and I took my husband here because they make his kind of drinks -  manly cocktails.  If you're looking for a serious drink, this is a great place to go.  Of course with that, the drinks aren't cheap.  This is not where you're gonna get a $1 PBR.  This is where you're going to get a fancy, delectable cocktail with ingredients that you've never heard of.  They do have some selections for the sweet tooth drinker as well; just ask for their recommendation.  They have small plates, but don't expect to get food as fast as you get drinks; it takes a little while.Better when it's not packed.  Bartenders can work magic.  Great for date night or a night out with the girls.  Chocolate cake is delicious.They make a fine cocktail at Cure.  And trust the bartender's recommendations. $6 classic cocktails at happy hour are a STEAL.  I only wish we had come here every day of our vacation. We are not hipsters, and while that was definitely a vibe, we still felt very welcome.It doesn't take much at all for a "mixologist" to transform into "just a pretentious bartender." Look, I live in New Orleans, and in the sweltering summer I love a well-mixed gin & tonic with fresh lime, and I'm not ashamed of that in the slightest. Maybe it's not the most chic cocktail on the menu, and I understand that you don't need a master's in mixology to make it happen, but it's a grown man's drink with a long history of its own. In fact, if the new transplant hipsters hanging around Freret St. drank more of them, they might actually grow some hair on their chests instead of just peach fuzz dapper dan moustaches. The "mixologist" who served me here recently, however, was just short of rolling his eyes when I ordered one. 
My point is that the most important thing in the service industry is customer service. Sometimes, I really do want the bartender to offer interesting suggestions and educate me on some of the latest cocktail trends or classic aperatifs, but other times I just want a simple drink because that's exactly what I want. If I'm in the mood for the latter, is it too much to ask that a bartender politely make the drink I order, and make it as perfectly as possible? Or should I expect him to exhale with exasperation as if it's beneath him to mix such a simple drink, like I'm some uneducated nit-wit who's never been in a cocktail bar before? Most of this new breed of so-called "mixologists" are not bona fide sommeliers to start with, but then again a real sommelier would appreciate a nice glass of quality imported gin, homemade tonic water and fresh lime.
And really, is a bar that you have to scale like a rock climber just to get a particular bottle really the best design? That said, I've had some good times here, even watching a game or two on the patio, and overall they mix a good cocktail, so I can't knock it entirely.I researched Cure before I came NOLA and was eagerly awaiting their cocktails! I am so happy we came here, it was the highlight of my trip. Not only were the 7 or so cocktails I had absolute perfection... The food was incredible too. The bartenders were wonderful and gave great recommendations and a little history lesson too. My favorite things were the bacon wrapped dates and the PUNCH!!!! If you have a chance to visit this lovely city, grab a can and come see this beautiful bar and get a yummy cocktails.... For the vapid and shallow: the bartenders and cook were hot!Amazing drinks!!!! Amazing vibe... no drunk tourists; just a classy bar with the cool weekend crowd of NOLA locals. It's a must for most of my weekends by now.I really liked this place... It's very modern & the drink choices are very good too! Nice spot to definitely relax & unwind.Stopped by here one slow Wednesday night.  Had never heard of the place before, was not expecting too much.  It's kind of situated in an unassuming part of town on Ferret - that's supposed to be soon booming.  
I had one of the wines (I think?) and it was lovely, the selection wasn't the most sizable, but decent enough for the likes of me!  
We shared The Cure Salad - which was evidently vegan (photo above) and it was your typical, more sophisticated salad.  Nothing craaaazily creative or palate-wowing. A rather small amount of salad, as I assume it's meant as an appetizer, it was all freshly prepared.  The celery and fresh pears were a nice change of crunchiness and texture and the lemon vinaigrette was a really delicious acidic touch (I'm not a fan of thick creamy dressings - blah!). 
As the reviews before have stated, this place is remarkably NOT New Orleanesque.  It's a little more um, metropolitan-toned than your usual bars.  A little "classier" - dare I say?  You can certainly tell that the building used to house a fire department - I can appreciate the spacious open feeling of Cure - especially on this rather empty Wednesday night.
My companion was really pleased with the music selection being pumped into the bar - East Coast, more contemporary music to complete the pseudo escape from New Orleans.  
We weren't here only briefly so I can't completely accurately gauge whether I'd consider this a place a "must" for my friends and tourists.  But it was pretty all right!  I'd be willing to stop by here again.Not sure why this is only our first visit here but it was. Don't think it'll be our last though. First things first, it's a beautiful space. Lots of wood, low-key lighting and....I'd very much like to live in a place that looks and feels like this. Indoors was super loud so we headed out to the patio at the back, the stupid heat was preferable. There may have been fans out there, I honestly can't remember but if they did have fans, they didn't have great coverage because it was hot with no relief. To their credit, they do give each table a bottle of icy cold water (and glasses) which is welcome but unfortunately, it just doesn't stay cold very long. I guess that's just a hazard of living here! 
We only went for drinks and their menu is good with lots of choice. A mix of the classics that'll run you about $10 and some more adventurous choices for $12ish. Round one we went for a Banana Stand and a Point Omega. Both $10 and both good, without being standout. I found the after-taste of plum from mine to be a bit overwhelming, it lingered a little bit too long. Herself expected the Banana Stand to be something closer to a daiquiri but it wasn't at all. It's much lighter with quite mild banana flavor.
As we looked at the menu for round 2, we were very tempted by the cheese and apps. Cheese is a choice of 3 for $18 or 5 for $25 and some of the apps sound quite interesting too. As you enter the bar, you can see some cloches holding cheese. It's a pretty mouthwatering display but in the end, we stuck to drinks. I went for a Moscow Mule and herself went for a Dirty Martini. Both solid drinks. I like my Mules to have a good kick of ginger and this one definitely had that but the drink itself was served in a regular glass, not a copper mug so the ice melted much quicker and it got up to room temperature pretty quickly. Slightly disappointing given the good flavor. The Martini was probably the best drink of the night...standard, but nice and dirty!
On the night we were there, there were quite a few larger groups in and they did get more attention from servers. We were slightly neglected when it came to ordering the second round and then paying the bill. Hopefully that's the exception rather than the rule. Overall, 4 decent cocktails for $50 incl tip doesn't seem like a bad deal. I don't think we'll become frequent visitors but it's definitely now in the rotation.After a stop at Company Burger around the corner, we walked over to Cure for drinks. It was a good decision.
Best Rum Old Fashioned I've had stateside. Totally the kind of place you can chat with the bartender about what you're into and let them run wild.I guess I enjoy the concept of Cure...
" Inspired by the historical period when cocktails grew out of medicine and home remedies, our idea at Cure is to reintroduce our guests to another time where the experience of having a cocktail and a bite to eat was both healthful and enjoyable"
So I am drinking cocktails that are going to make me healthy?! I definitely would have a healthy drink!
I have able to sample:
Omi's Hands ($10)
- Averell Damson Gin . Clear Creek Blue Plum Brandy . Lemon . Peychaud's Bitters . Sparkling Wine
Ramos Gin Fizz ($13)
Midnight Perfect World ($11)
- Nardini Tagliatella Liqueur . Evan Williams Single Barrel Bourbon . Cocchi Vermouth di Torino . House-made peach syrup . Bittermen's Mole Bitters
Magic Tree ($10)
- Homericon Mastiha Liqueur . Suze . Royal Dock Navy Strength Gin . Lime . Cucumber . Bittermens Cucumber Bitters
All the cocktails at Cure, at least the one I tried were well balanced and delicious. Something to sip slowly to enjoy over good conservation with friends or romancing your special someone!Definite must do while in Nola!  Loved this Bar.  Drinks were very good.  Atmosphere was so nice loved it.  We actually visited twice during our weekend.  Ordered smoked trout and pimento cheese for our apps.  Best pimento cheese I have ever had!  Seating was comfy and they have a nice happy hour from 4-7 I think daily.Nice atmosphere, kind of rude bartenders and by comparison to the signature drinks at other cities' swank bars these are kinda nasty.  Of course you would also pay at least $5 more a drink in most cities.  So, drink up!Absolutely adore Cure!  I came here during happy hour for their $5.50 selected cocktails and a meat and cheese plate.  I love Pimm's Cups and they definitely make theirs well.  Their Riesling is also a winner in my books.  The meat and cheese plate comes with 3 different selections of meats and cheeses and some nuts and slices of apples on the side.  Thoroughly enjoyed every bite!
Cure is a great place to lounge around with friends after a long day at work.  It offers a  great ambiance with just the right amount of intimacy.Dropped in for Happy Hour; 
M-Th 5-7 Fri-Sun 3-7
Yes! Weekend Happy Hour!!!
Cool vibe and decor. I especially like the look when nightfall hits. Hey, I love candles.
This visit I stuck to the Happy Hour menu and  tried out a few of their classic cocktails. I had my 1st Sazerac and it was just my speed. Definitely won't be my last. There's a daily punch my server recommended. Why not?? It was very fresh and crisp, a little sweet, a little tangy. It made me think sunsets in spring on the balcony. Lastly tried their version of a daiquiri. My servers favorite. Nice cocktail to start your night with if you're out with the ladies.
Service was ok. My server was cool but, the guy that busses the tables kept trying to take my drinks before I was finished. It was aggravating to say the least. I even tried setting them at the other end of the table when I was done to alleviate the guessing. Nope didn't work, he would still try to take the one in front of me because to him it "looked empty." There wasn't a huge crowd in there and I was posted in a corner seat so it was unnecessary. It would have been either way!  That's just ridiculous. Makes one second guess returning but, I think I'll give them another shot I want to try a few of their specialty cocktails next.If there's a better bar in New Orleans, it's hiding under a rock or a password protected door in the Bywater. Bartenders devoted to their craft 
/hospitality and nary a ironically waxed mustache among them, support staff that is attentive but not hovering, and a menu that salutes the classics while  being creative and inventive. 
I've had a few nights here & and I'm not sure if maybe the negative reviews were in a different joint than me. 
In a word, go! In a few more, tip well & let the staff take care of you.Went here with a group for a pre-dinner cocktail right when it opened. We had the patio almost to ourselves, and it was really relaxing to hang out outside and enjoy the weather. The cocktail special was such a steal--certain ones were $6--and we enjoyed the chips and pimento cheese. The service was also great, and I would highly recommend checking Cure out if you're interested in trying something off the beaten path.Great Ambiance and service.  I usually go for happy hour which is 5-7.  During that time drinks off the happy hour menu are 6$.  Also for happy hour they run shot and beer specials for $5.5.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention the nice courtyard.  Highly recommended!I heard some negative things about Cure, so I stayed away for a long time. The chief complaint leveled against this upmarket Freret Street cocktail bar was that it was stuffy or pretentious. When I finally visited, I did not find it pretentious at all. What I did find was a nice bar with a large selection of liquor, a small menu of fancy signature handcrafted cocktails priced from $9-12, an even smaller menu of super-deluxe cocktails featuring liquors of rare vintage (~$18-30), and some small plates. The bar is lit and decorated in a tasteful, contemporary style; aside from the inclusion of a giant poster of a cockroach reproduced from an entomological textbook, nothing about the decor of Cure is terribly distracting. 
The cocktails are excellent...more of that advanced mixology and alcohol alchemy that is quickly becoming a NOLA fixture (think Tonique, Arnaud's French 75, etc.). A large assortment of tinctures, extracts, essential oils and house-made bitters contained in what look like vintage medicine bottles sits on the bar, ready to be utilized by your well-dressed mixologist, who uses a long eyedropper to make sure the perfect amount of each and every flavor note goes into the symphony that is your cocktail. You can certainly taste the obsessive amount of attention that goes into Cure's signature cocktails.
The clientele seems like a good mix of young professionals and aging hipsters. There is an outdoor patio for smoking, which is not permitted inside the bar. The lighting is moody and atmospheric. I'm not sure why people think this bar is uninviting and pretentious. I felt very welcome, and I will be back.I ain't a big fan of alcohol and mixed drinks. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do right with sipping tequila and lemon on the side. But I can say without a doubt that Cure provided me with the best variety of tequila mixed drinks I've ever had, though my bar knowledge is not top notch.  Every mixture was smooth and just right. I went around happy hour, which leads me to conclude that's why all the young college kids were there drinking beer (really?! You come all the way to Cure for beer?) I suspect all the real people with a paycheck come when they feel like it.  The waitresses and bartenders seemed nice and weren't as self important as I assumed they'd be since Cure appears ultra chic. Plus the small plates were the shit! A pleasant surprise indeed.  However, they get four stars cuz some of da people up in deya suck. The clientele, some of dem are snobby and I guess the environment makes them feel like they're in a New York VIP. If they were, they surely would be standing outside in the cold haggling the bouncer to let em in. All a that's not Cure's fault, but still.Cure is the epitome of Hipster bar. Logo is a cockroach and the ambince has classy music, wood, concrete, candles, beards and man buns: the drinks are as good as they are pricey, go during happy hour. Its a very chill local place, not too dressy. Indoor patio bar. Very strict on 21 and over they card at the door. Good thing Novio and I appear to be functioning adults.Great atmosphere!! Extensive drink selection and very reasonably priced. If its nice out I highly suggest sitting in the courtyard if possible. The pimento cheese is Awesome!!Cure is far from what I would consider a "New Orleans" bar. In a city littered with dive bars and touristy watering holes, Cure is a beacon of light. This is not to say that I don't love the other options as well, but sitting down at Cure is a real treat!
Hidden in something of a quiet neighborhood, stepping through Cure's unassuming entrance transports you in to a place that is somewhat better suited to be in New York or LA.
That being said...I'm very glad it is here! The interior is warm with filament light bulbs and supple leather. Behind the bar is a towering wall of alcohol used to concoct the amazing cocktails that has put Cure on the map.
The menu at Cure changes seasonally, but the extremely talented bartenders or "mixologists" can make just about anything. 
I have been there a number of times now and it has really become one of my favorite bars in New Orleans, purely for its quality. The drinks can take a little while, as a lot of detail and concentration goes in to their construction, but its very much worth the wait.
The weekends can be very busy there, so if you are a person that likes to pick the knowledgeable bartender's brains about drinks and cocktail philosophy... try a weeknight.
The food is also a pleasant surprise.Cure was our other favorite cocktail bar in Nola. The bar itself was crowded, but we wandered outside and had the luck to score a table within a few minutes. We then spent the next 3 hours relaxing in the wonderful night air and drinking enthusiastically. I think we had 4 rounds of cocktails (and 2 excellent waitresses), and every single drink was fantastic. Complex, balanced, delicious. Totally on-par with anything you'd find in San Francisco. We loved it.One thing that I immediately noticed with I moved to New Orleans back in 2009, is that most of the bars here are dives! Total dives! And don't get me wrong, I LOVE little dive bars (Snake & Jakes anyone?) but, there are just some nights that I want to take my girlfriend out for a drink somewhere nice. And without going to a hotel bar, this is one of the only upscale stand alone bars I can think of in town. 
We have been to Cure twice now and I prefer the more quite nights a lot more than a busy Saturday night I like the more quite atmosphere, where you can talk to the bartender and the person you are with. They make a killer dirty martini! They use Kalamata olives and it makes the drink red and delicious! 
I also hear that they have a $5 happy hour from 5 -7, but don't know all the details.l0ve love love this place... ask for andrew, he's the man...I love the happy hour at Cure which features select cocktails for $6. I personally love the Pimm's Cup, but other New Orleans favorites - Sazerac and Manhattan- are also discounted. The lighting is low which creates a great ambiance, and the bartenders are awesome. You can request what you want, and they will whip you up a special cocktail.One of the best bars not only in the city but the country!
Space is slick and modern, bartenders are knowledgeable, friendly and professional. They have a variety of signature cocktails and just about every liquor known to man. 
I have to tips for when you visit:
1. Be adventurous, try something new 
2. Get there early because it gets packed! 
Their courtyard is pretty cool and a great place to chill during those breeze spring nights.FANTASTIC happy hour deals from 3-7pm! Classic cocktails for $6 - and I'm talking negroni, champagne cocktail, martini-style cocktails, not a watered down rum and coke or glass of house wine. This is the perfect place to start an evening. Grab a couple drinks and charcuterie plate, and enjoy them in the lush courtyard or the vintage industrial chic bar. The bar is visually stunning, and they can make nearly anything you can dream up with their vast liquor selection. A MUST if you're anywhere in NOLA.The best cocktails in New Orleans. The atmosphere is lovely and they have a great happy hour!An excellent place for happy hour specials and a relaxing atmosphere with well made cocktails by very good bartenders.We came on the recommendation of NOLA Eater. It's a tucked away bar in a developing neighborhood. There's nothing quirky attached to this, such as having to buy reservation tickets beforehand or a secret password. It's vibe is all about enjoying the moment. We sat outside during a warm early summer night. It was a bit too cold for us inside. I remember R ordering 2 different kinds of old fashioneds, the latter having a stronger liquor. I got the Bee's Knees (I believe). Really good. And then the soda-like one. The servers were nice and knowledgeable. Loved its large patio for basking in the warmth of the night sky and sipping on cold beverages.Cool vibe and very trendy. Kind of inside. Not very comfy seating. Would go back. Costs moneyCure has the most helpful, the most knowledgeable and the most talented bartenders of all the land! I can't say enough kind things about the staff at Cure. 
Also the drinks are outstanding! I usually just ask a bartender to create something for me after telling them what liquor I like and if I want it sweet or sour or whatever else. I have yet to be disappointed. 
This isn't a dive bar so expect to pay for your quality crafted cocktail. Oh, and 5 stars for being able to drink all night and leave with out smelling like an ashtray!Very cool setting and vibe.
Incredible selection of liquor!
Our waitress was very attentive.
Only complaint: very light pour on my Evan Wiliams single barrel.I've been to this bar twice lately and enjoyed it both times. The atmosphere is elegant. I like dive bars, but I also like to go to a classy place like this every once in a while.
The first night we got cocktails. They were expensive. I find it surprising to pay the same prices for drinks on Freret as I would pay at a high-end cocktail bar in the French Quarter, but such is the case here. They were good cocktails but not special enough to warrant quite such a steep price. The second night we went during happy hour, which made the experience a lot more affordable. 
What really impressed me about Cure was the food. We got truffled cauliflower and green pea pesto crostini. I don't even like green peas, but I thought it was absolutely delicious.
I don't know if Cure would draw me in as a regular if I lived in another part of town, but since I'm just a couple of blocks away, I'm sure they'll be seeing more of me, especially at happy hour.Late Friday night, during girlfriends/law school buddies reunion weekend, we decided to grab a couple of drinks here.  We were in a cocktail-y mood and keen on catching up on all sorts of nostalgic and more recently transpired notable experiences.  
I don't think too much has changed in terms of the interior layout and decor, all very charmingly tailored to the building's former life as a fire station.  The dimmer lights and catchy indie-music set a lovely mood for us to imbibe in our two or three cocktails.  I can't quite remember because our awesome bartender treated us to two delicious whiskey shots (I typically loathe whiskey, but I guess we got some quality stuff!).  My friend and I were you know, catching up because we hadn't had quality time in three years, venting about the males and professional frustrations.  Our ever-so-attentive bartender even humorously interjected a few times about his own frustrations with his wife.  He offered some other hilarious commentary on some other topics, but again, I can't quite remember precisely what it was pertaining to.  So we laughed and laughed and he promptly supplied us with our delicious cocktails and snacks.  I'm sure we spent an hour and a half at Cure, but I swear it felt like fifteen minutes just because we were having such a blast.  Isn't that always the way?  
Anyway, five stars well deserved.  This is a NOLA "must" for me from now on.Sometimes you just want to sit in a dump, have a beer or 10, and munch on fries covered in cheese, chilli, or some other heart-disease inducing "food" item. Other times you want to get all spiffy, act classy, and consume an adult beverage that contains more ingredients than are usually stocked in your fridge. Cure is for the latter, and it does it right.
This place is trendy and a bit swanky. On the Thursday night I was there, I think I may have been the only guy in there not wearing a suit. Which is fine by me. I had two specialty cocktails that were bourbon based, but I can't remember what they were called. One of them had honey in it, I think. Following those I switched to a standard vodka soda. 
Be prepared to spend a little extra for your drinks here, as most fall in the $8-10 range. It started to fill up around 9, but it was easy enough to find a seat at the bar when my date for the evening and I arrived at 7:30. 
I  will be back again the next time I feel like pretending to be classy.Beautiful decor.  Extremely extensive list, very knowledgable bartenders.  Wonderful service!4/5 like home
first, congrats on your gallivant feature: http://gallivant.com/sip/cure/
i love cure because it reminds me of home. yayyy areauhhhh! 504 can get on that 510 game. but forreals, love that they are serving up gin and have bitters on display and and and the list will go on. it's a big city bar that at happy hour will still meet nola prices, and i can be down for that.I need to update my review since I want to add it to my list of great places to get cheese. The cheese plate here is great, how can it not be considering the cheese comes from St. James Cheese Company. You get 3 different cheeses, and some fruit, nuts and toasted bread to go with it. It's the perfect food for sharing with a friend, even though I can eat it alone too. You can also get the meat and cheese plate which includes a couple of cured meats with the cheese.We just happened into Cure halfway through their happy hour, and they have a very good happy hour for a cocktail bar. $6 for a decent-sized list of classic cocktails, Monday-Friday, 5-7. Not too crowded on a Monday. I had my first New Orleans Sazerac here, and it was exquisite. No overbearing liquorice sweet taste. The Americano was the perfect refresher for the muggy mid-nineties weather, as well as the Pimm's Cup. They make a quite decent Manhattan as well (don't worry, I didn't drink all these cocktails by myself!). 
The experience was quite classy. The atmosphere is roomy and modern. The service was a bit hands-off, but probably not a bad thing for a place like this. My only regret was that there was no classic Old Fashioned on their happy hour list. Made me wish I lived here!I have heard rave reviews about the food and drinks here, but I was not so impressed. I thought the drinks were pretty good, but not better than Coquette, Bar Tonique, or Delachaise, and they are pricey.  The food is okay, but again, I think it's overpriced and very slow. The spiced almonds are absurd (I get the idea, but it doesn't deliver), and the slaw that came with the sandwiches was lukewarm, soggy, and tasteless.  The service is pretty pretentious, and I feel like Cure is only about 50% as cool as it claims to be.  I was there on a Friday evening and the crowd was older and pretty uptight. I might try it again sometime, but overall, nothing to write home about.  Music is definitely better at Delachaise or Bar Tonique.Where. Do. I. Begin.
Make the trip, plan ahead, and go. 
This bar is perhaps one of the most well-run establishments I have encountered.
The bartenders have perfected their craft. Their service staff is knowledgeable about every.single.drink on the menu and can make recommendations. Even the sweet bar back/servers assistant was a total gem.
We weren't suffocated here, and we weren't rushed in or out. We had  leisurely pre-dinner cocktails and a cheese board with a few other snacks which put us in a great place just before dinner back in the French Quarter.
It can get quite loud, so be aware of that. It is a better environment suited for 2-4 people. Based on seating as well, 6 people might be pushing it to get the entire experience that you want...and also deserve.We love their drinks. The portions are too expensive for the size. I'm not cheap - but you guys are stingy. We love your drinks though. Just eat before you go.I can't say anything here that hasn't already been said. The place is lovely, low-key, a little pretentious but not TOO pretentious, quite good food and the bartenders are knowledgeable and more than competent. Service was impeccable. And now I know where all the hot guys in New Orleans go for drinks, so you can bet I'll be going back to Cure. My only issue with the place is that they had no coffee, but I kinda get why they wouldn't (although I think they're missing some tricks by not including coffee-based cocktails on their menu).Absolutely amazing!  Well worth the cab fare to get to this upscale cocktail bar.  I recommend ordering the classic NOLA cocktails (Sazerac, Ramos Gin Fizz, Vieux Carre) here and comparing to the bars in the FQ.If you are looking for a bar carries great variety of whisky and scotch, this is definitely a place for you. Also, bartenders are truly mixologists here.  They are very professional and handle each drink delicately. When I was there, they were out of my usual whisky so they were very nice and patient to explain other options that I may like.
However, if you would like to just go to a casual place to hang out with friends, which I like, this may not be a good choice for you.Wow... I have my favorite drink, I have had it perfect and I've had horribles. I have had versions of it but a VERSION to remember and to change my drink only at Cure. You may not call them bartenders, these guys are professional mixologists, no doubt.
Food was good, among things we had a tableau with three cheeses (extremely small, way too small) the little decorating salad with the duck pate was superbe , but Cure is in principle too tight with the crackers, so we had to request second serving of crackers...and I would have ask for more if it wasn't for the extreme cold a/c that they run there that was killing us.I was tipped off to this place through a friend of mine from St. Louis (I understand the place is either owned/run by St. Louisans) as a place to try..given my proclivity towards well crafted cocktails. I had the pleasure of visiting this spot over Thanksgiving was definitely wow'd by the decor...the displays of liquor bottles, the cozy booths, the dim lighting and contribute to the chill, yet upscale vibe of Cure.
The cocktails were excellent - unexpected combinations of concoctions that manage to please the taste buds. 
Cure will definitely be my go-to spot the next time I'm in NO!LOVE this bar for a late-night gathering. The mixed drinks are good and it has a great environment. It is really nice inside and the outside area as well.This is an update for Cure. I think my first trip was so great due to the wine I had before stopping in. Don't get me wrong, Cure is an experience. It is very cool if you want a high quality drink and are willing to pay a little bit more. I think that their drinks are reasonable for the quality. I would recommend going during happy hour though to get a better deal. Also the atmosphere on a Wednesday night is much different than late on a Saturday night. I didn't realize how much space there was before!It is no easy task to become rated the #1 bar (out of 50) by local publication Gambit in the short year and half of being open - paired with the fact that Cure does not advertise in Gambit.  But then Cure does everything right.  I've read the other reviews and blah blah blah; you don't know.  
Don't ding the bar because your cab ride was $16.  Don't ding the bar because you cannot follow a simple dress code; it's detailed on their website, and if you're yelping on yelp pretty sure you know how to find the Cure homepage.  And don't ding the bar because you want schmancy patio furniture; if you wanna smoke (which you did) you go outside where yes it's sterile but maybe you missed the whole "less is more" here?  Perhaps you may've noticed there isn't a street sign indicating exactly where Cure is?  Again, less is more.
When you enjoy whatever your poison here, it's difficult to remember you're even in New Orleans - in a good way.  I love New Orleans.  I wasn't born and raised here but I've lived here over 15 years.  So when I say, there's no Saints or LSU memoribilia about, no brass bands blasting over, and not even a whisper of a fleur de lis, it's actually somewhat refreshing.  But then there's the booze and service.
I have high expectations for an establishment's goods and services, and Cure consistently delivers on each.  The waitstaff is well presented and way too knowledgable.  Prompt and precise without pushy or negligent.  Ordering off menu is acceptable.  They offer something for everyone really without pushing a Bible of items before you like say Cheesecake Factory.  Different days of the week of course take on a different feel.  Fridays and Saturdays hop; I prefer the less traversed weekday evenings actually.
In short, if you live in New Orleans and you have yet to Cure, do; you will be impressed.  And if you live elsewhere be ready to discover yet another reason why you may want to seriously consider moving here.awesome place for a fun time and good drinksGreat bar. Great vibe. Great drinks. Can't go wrong here.  Of all the bars I've been to this one does it right. Very classyA select happy hour menu with both cocktails and small bites. Their patio is spacious! Always great service.Other bars have a thing or two to learn from Cure. 
First, the bar is well-appointed, inside and out. My favorite part happens to be the ceilings and lighting. 
Also, the drinks are beyond well-thought out and made with fresh  ingredients. I've only gotten food once, but it (the cheese plate) was certainly yummy. Specialty cocktails are the focus, so ordering a vodka soda or a Stella won't give you the full experience. (They do offer beer and wine nonetheless.) Please don't be "that guy" who told me they make an awesome gin and tonic.
This will definitely be one of my regular spots!Cure isn't just one of my favorite bars in New Orleans; it's one of my favorite bars anywhere.  
The food is decent and the atmosphere is welcoming, but the real star is the liquor.  The bartenders here are creative, dedicated, trained, and attentive; anyone who finds this place snobby or pretentious obviously doesn't have any interest in inventive and careful approaches to drinking and might want to visit one of the innumerable swill dispensers in the French Quarter.  Cure takes a personalized and clever approach to their cocktails, making drinks that are tailored perfectly to your moods and desires, whether you're looking for a unique and unprecedented tipple or just want to get your drink on in a new and interesting way.  I've had drinks here I'll never be able to recreate, and that I'll remember forever.
Cure's approach isn't unique anymore, but it's been doing this longer than most and is better at it than almost anyone.  Just try it and you'll be convinced.The staff is very knowledgeable and nice. The cocktails are just to die for. This is one of the best cocktail bars I have been to. Atmosphere alone would get 5 stars from me.