Well NOWI KNOW WHY ITS NEVER CROWDED: you can't get served so you walk out. The hostess was nice enough to acknowledge us but, once we sat at the bar it was nothing but, avoidance. Not even a head nod or a "I'll be with you in a minute." No menus no nothing! I get that I'm not dressed up. But, I don't stink and I'm clean so what is the problem? Do I look like someone who can't afford to sit at a marble counter? Or is it that I resemble someone you don't want TO SERVE? Anyways, 1/2block in any direction is okay with me to grab a drink so tootles!
The nice hostess even thanked me for leaving. LolWowsie! We found this one on Open Table. The ambiance and decor is very fresh, clean, and welcoming -all in a great spot in the center of the French Quarter. The menu and drink menu is exquisite.  We tried 4 different cocktails.  Each was unique and spot on in taste.  For apps we had grit tots- they were PERFECTLY fried- I don't know how they pulled that off. The flavour was not outstanding- however the flavour of the sauce they came with was amazing!!! A perfect little dish.  We also had the tuna and scallop carpaccio. HEAVEN. This dish gets 10 stars! Thinly sliced with lots of flavour!!! We split a "shrimp Reuben" and o should have read he menu better- it was a pastrami flavored shrimp with coleslaw and creole mustard on an onion bun- not what a Jewish girl from nyc had in mind.... but it was good and my fault for not reading.  The desserts are epic! The crime brûlée is perfection on the top and comes with tiny beignets. The rum glazed pound cake has a spicy- yes spicy- caramel sauce.In a city that's (deservedly) known for its culinary treats, Curio stands apart from the crowd.  Nothing against the traditional restaurants of the French Quarter, but how many times can you have the same old tired gumbo and etouffée?  More to the point, there's something really new and fresh going on at this wonderful restaurant that shouldn't be missed!
For the main course, I had Chicken Clemenceau, which was rich with large, fresh mushrooms and rustic potatoes, but the big highlight of this dish was the sweet pea purée.  If I were a Food Network celebrity, I'd feature this as my dish on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."  Creamy and smooth as silk, I couldn't imagine how delectable a purée of sweet peas could be until I tried it.  I closed my eyes and swooned.
For dessert, I had the Rum Glazed Pound Cake with caramelized pineapple, cayenne caramel that brings a nice amount of heat and a coconut semifreddo that cools it all off while adding a sweet cream taste to the affair.  Again: more delicious than my limited language can say!
The service was A++ as well.  My server, Ashley P., was warm and welcoming to this party of one, and right on the money in everything she did.  The space itself is a tastefully designed, cool respite to the raucous noise of the French Quarter.  
Let the crowds wait hours for the same old, same old.  This was my favorite meal during my stay in NOLA.I had the Duck & Black Eyed Pea gumbo which is the only thing I ordered. The gumbo was really tasty and I loved the flavor that the peas added. The pieces of Duck seemed all most to small to taste which kinda annoying because I love Duck but again it's really good. The restaurant was very clean and the wait staff was great, I sat at the bar which I recommend if you have to eat & Run. I did see a lot of people heading up stairs, I didn't go up there but I imagine they have a indoor/outdoor seating.Wonderful spot for dinner!  We stopped and had the cavatappi with duck and andouille.  It pairs very well with a glass of wine or beer.  The second floor boasts views of Royal Street.  Cocktail "the banshee" was recommended by our host.I know it was Christmas Day and so did the restaurant. If you choose to be open for a Holiday, you have to expect a crowd and be prepared for it. If you can't handle the crowd, don't open. I don't expect to have to wait half an hour for a table when I reserve.
They ran out of some dishes, and the wait staff was simply overworked. This is supposed to be a fine dining establishment and it was not a cheap meal. I did not feel like the food received the attention it should have, nor did we. I just felt rushed and ignored (though the wait person we had was very sweet, just not well-trained). Had to keep trying to get the attention of someone and only after multiple tries got someone to bring a dish for the crab claw shells. Then again, to get a spoon. No one ever came over to ask if everything was good. Just not professional service and not what I expect at these prices.
We had the pork rib app, which was fine. The gumbo was less than average - looked like the roux was off. My redfish a thin piece of fish and the flavor was overpowered by the mustard greens. They tasted like they had Coleman's mustard powder added it was so strong. Way out of balance. My husband's short ribs were just alright - not like what is pictured on the Curio website. Not even sure they were really short ribs. More like shredded beef. Overall, we were disappointed.We stopped in this place for a quick happy hour to get out of the rain. Our bartender was outstanding I wish I had gotten her name. 
We ordered the shrimp boulette it was so good I will crave them. A crispy ball creamy on the inside with chunks of shrimp and a delicious dipping sauce. 
The happy hour was $12 for bottomless rose,not my drink of choice but I tried it. I only had 2 so she gave me a to go cup to get my monies worth. I would say this is a definite must try.Came here for a late breakfast and ordered their caramelized French toast and bacon.  It was stellar!  Yummy, light French toast, just the right hint of smoke in the bacon, and the best Bloody Marys we have found in NOLA.  And the service was great, too.  This will be on my recommended list from now on.New place with great ambiance, but short on service and crazy charges on my bill.  We had the Grit Tots which were perfectly cooked, but lacked any flavor.  The dipping sauce also had no flavor.  Next we tried the grilled ribeye, which was smothered in pesto.  It was over cooked, I asked for medium rare and was served medium.  I am not sure if the cut was intentionally thin, or it was the end cut, but it's wasn't worth the price when compared to other steaks in this city.  And, the smothering of it with pesto, well, you shouldn't have to do anything to a good rib-eye but cook it properly.
More about the drinks.  We ordered a "neat" drink and were charged $3 for and "neat" pour...  Really?  You charge me more for not doing anything more than pouring a 2oz shot into glass, and mixing it with nothing at all?  If you want to charge $14.50 for your bourbon, then charge that, don't put it on your ticket with a "neat" charge.  Insulting.
The service was not very good either.  The server completely forgot about our drinks.  He brought drinks to the others at our table but completely forgot ours (2). He then had a tough time remembering what food was where.  We were 6.  An entree was sent to the table for one guest and he thought it was sent by mistake, but it was just sent too early.  She waited for our entrees to start, and by that time it was cold.  Confusing, maybe it was a bad night for this guy, but the entire experience fell short of what you need to do in this town to stay afloat.
Not sure if we will try again?  Maybe just a bar experience for bites.Great happy hour -- wonderful cocktails and small plates and not terribly crowded, considering the location.Excellent, great service and the hurricane was boss.  We recommend the grit tots, gulf fish and the red fish. The place has a very rustic modern feel to it.  Very clean!Curio is fabulous from cocktails to desserts! Service is always friendly and efficient. I'm not usually a whiskey fan, but Hayden convinced me to try a Banshee and I'm hooked! Benjamin provides excellent service and the food is fresh, unique, and a real treat!!WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! We waited for our food for over an hour (which we never received). Coffee cups remained empty. Waitress was inattentive. THREE tables who were seated after us were halfway through their meals while we were still waiting for ours. I had to ask another waitress to check on our order. When we asked why we haven't received our order, the manager spoke over me and kept repeating that my son's burger was ordered well-done and "it's the first ticket but it takes a longer amount of time to cook a well-done burger"!?!?!? For real?!? Over an hour for a well-done burger?!?! And trust me, it was not busy. Many empty tables and only about 12 people in the whole restaurant. For Sunday brunch when most restaurants on the same block have lines extending out the door? I guess I know why. Needless to say, we paid for our appetizers and left. There are many other choices to eat in the French Quarter, unfortunately CURIO  is not one of them. Disgusting service! 
Might I suggest Tableau, Muriel, Stanley's or Felix? All awesome restaurants with the most amazing food and outstanding service! Skip CURIO.We stopped in just for a drink and ended up staying for dinner. The vibe is fun, vibrant and lively. We sat at the bar - a big beautiful marble bar. We started with the grit tots - yum! So delicious. We shared the red fish which was just amazing. Perfectly seasoned with crab on top and over the most heavenly creamed mustard greens. It was divine. We finished with the pound cake served with a coconut semifreddo also delicious. The bartender was great. Friendly and attentive. Definitely a new French Quarter favorite for us. We will surely be back.In some way affiliated with the nearby Kingfish, I found the menu and service profile quite similar. I sat at the bar on a quiet Tuesday evening and was well-served by Danielle and her colleague. An amuse-gueule, presented on a sand-dollar size plate, was a taste of their short ribs entree. Enjoyable but I probably wouldn't want this as a main -- too sweet. The $8 duck gumbo, however, was sensational and I savoured every bite. Finally, the greens salad ($10) was nicely presented but I found the vinaigrette a little overwhelming. Service was excellent. With a glass of prosecco, the total was a quite reasonable $35 incl tax  and tip. I'll be back.Great dinner! Very different from the classic 'Brennan' restaurants around NOLA. 
We ordered several small plates to start: crab legs were unbelievably savory! The family fought over ate the last grit tots, they were so tasty. We split a mixed greens salad with seared tuna and a fish of the day entree. 
Every morsel was delicious. For dessert, bread pudding outshined the already fantastic chocolate cake w/marshmallow icing. 
Service was excellent as well.  Would happily keep this place on the 'must go' list!Food and service here were absolutely fabulous! We came three times and did not regret. Everything from appetizers to entree was rich in flavor and made our taste buds happy.  If you can make to their happy our from 3-6P try the fish cakes and fried oysters. For dinner we ordered the cane strut gazed beef short ribs, grilled ribeye and the braised spiced lamb shank. All was good but our favorite was the beef short ribs hands down.Love love this place. We sat on the balcony as we enjoyed the French Quarter and all it offers. 
The place is just amazing. The service is great. The staff is quite attentive to your needs. 
A must when in Nola.I'd probably skip this place next visit, here's why.  Reserved well in advance and arrived at a mostly empty upstairs dining room.  Host promptly seated us at the worst (hallway / restroom) table in the room, which set the tone for the evening.  
Waiter was polite and attentive, arriving quickly and professionally to take beverage order.  
Menu offers a single salad and a single soup.  We ordered both plus entrees.  Soup was more like mashed potato consistency, salad was unremarkable.  
Wife had the curry vegetables and I had the short rib.  Both edible, both unremarkable.  
With a second bottle of very modest wine, the lackluster meal was a couple hundred bucks.
We'll keep looking for better options.Beautiful new spot in the French Quarter with a cozy, intimate environment. Food was delicious with a spin on some New Orleans staples. Recommend Grit tater tots and the redfish!Excellent!! The best service! Really good food! Only complain...they really need to get their meats cooked correctly. Medium well came medium rare and medium came rare.  Or too overdone...Other than that everything is amazing. Maybe ill chose to order more of seafood dishes or chicken. We are regulars for sure!This is a cute little place that opened up about seven weeks ago in the French quarter. It's a perfect destination for both casual dining and also a celebration. It's also a very nice mix of modern and also the history of New Orleans.
We came in on Saturday evening with a reservation, but they were many tables that were empty. The waiter was extremely attentive, it was very thorough with checking IDs. While we looked at the menu, he came over three or four times asking if we needed any help. 
I ended up getting the beef short ribs, and my friend got the blackened red fish. Both were absolutely delicious, with a very unique taste, exactly what the people of New Orleans would want. More importantly, they came in very nice dishes, which is very aesthetically pleasing. 
Finally, we got dessert menu, the waiter recommended the bread pudding. It was definitely the way to go, and the milk rather than the cream really did the difference.
Sad though, because even though our way to did a great job throughout the meal, he assumed that the check was going to the man without looking at the name on the card. Please pay more attention to this in the future, since woman can pay for meals!Would be zero stars if I had the option. Utterly disappointing. These reviews must be written by tourists who are not accustomed to food with flavor. Very weird ambience. Three cheesy TVs in the "bistro" dining room. The food was cold and flavorless yet expensive. The best (worst) part was the dessert. Tres Leches bread pudding was more like a lump of rubber placed in the middle of almond extract milk. They dared only offer some tasteless Yankee coffee in a city where the only acceptable coffee is Chickory. I am utterly flabbergasted by the positive reviews. Go to Wendy's instead, at least it will be hot. A 4 for $4 is a more reliable source of sustenance.Finally found a bartender in NOLA that makes a fantastic Mint Julep. Lisa makes quite possibly the best one I have ever had. Yes I upgraded to Basil Hayden and the flavors matched perfectly. Lisa even hand crushed the ice for my Mint Julep for me. I highly recommend having her make one for you if you are here.We stumbled upon Curio while walking in the French Quarter, we wanted a quick morning drink and beignets and since the reviews were good we decided to give it a try. 
Well.... we got seated by the hostess and had to wait 10 minutes before we had to go look for a waiter. We decided to order 2 mimosas and a set of beignet. After another 10-15 minutes the waiter came back to tell us beignets are not ready but we can go to cafe beignet across the street. Another 10 minutes and he came back with 1 mimosa and 1 Bloody Mary. We just asked it to go and left. The whole experience took over 40mn and only thing we got was 2 drinks!The duck was absolutely sublime! Very well seasoned, and very slightly more on the salty side - perfection. (I compare all duck dishes to the amazingness that is asian roasted duck and so far, nothing had really compared until I ate at Curio) I substituted regular cheese grits for the goat cheese grits. 
The cinnamon yule log was very yummy - amazing because I almost never like chocolate flavored things.
I tried a bite of the veggie curry and steak from my diningmates; both were so flavorful, I'd certainly come back for them at any time. So well cooked!
Very lovely waitress. Little scatterbrained, but sweet.
This may be my favorite meal this trip!
The one bad thing was ambiance. There are ceiling fans through the length of the resturant. They make the lights looks like it's flickering which really bothered us as we ate. I never would have come in here without the recommendation of our hotel concierge - it looks like a diner from the street, not a place with amazing reasonably priced (for this area) food.We were looking for a place to have a quick light brunch prior to the ride to the airport and spotted this restaurant with a balcony overlooking Royal St. Seeing tables of diners eating there, we decide to look at the menu and decided it fit our need. 
Pros: Great location overlooking Royal although we were seated on a table overlooking an adjacent street. 
Cons:  1. Hamburger was ordered cooked medium, but came out rare. Although our food took 15 minutes to arrive, this should have been ample time to cook a burger. 2. Server was overwhelmed with other tables and did not check back on us. We had to flag down the host to request our check. 3. Service needs improvement and layout of the restaurant needs to be looked at. The waitstaff had difficulty opening the door from the upstairs dining room to the balcony did to his hands full. I had to step in and help open the door. I can't imagine how he does it the entire day since the door itself is heavy and hard to open. 
I don't think we will return based on the service and undercooked food.  Seems this restaurant is going through growing pains.SUPER!  Absolute must try!  The drink menu is awesome and the food is fantastic!  Duck gumbo and Gulf fish was great!Ashley P. was the best.
The breakfast potatoes here are the best.
The bottomless mimosas here are the best.
The atmosphere screams French cafe warmth and the bar is long and sexy; the decor, tasteful.
Service was warm and wonderful. We were greeted as we walked up to the door. Ashley was prompt and made our leisurely morning very enjoyable.
We had such a wonderful Sunday brunch here. Chicken sausage and potatoes and egg whites kept my eating regimen in tact and Justin's omelet was cooked perfectly. 
Definitely recommend for brunch. I remembered eyeing this for dinner, too, but ultimately thought the dinner menu wasn't as strong as the brunch menu. Glad we stuck with our gut.First the service: Julian was awesome. Chris and the rest of the management staff went out of their way to make sure i had a great time. 
My foodie BFF told me i had to do the rib appetizer. Amazing fall off the bone.
I don't like olives. Scallops? No problem! The chef gave me options which ended up being amazing (can you say garlic butter?!?!?) 
I see why foodies love this place. And next time I'll leave room for dessert.The drinks are yummy and the food here is delicious !! Definitely worth the try 
Try the banshee !! Get the  fried grits its deliciousHad lunch after trip to Bevolo, the folks that make the beautiful gas lanterns ... but that's another positive review. Curio was a surprise. The rooms are very elegant and they have a great bar. Nice wait staff. Had the seared tuna salad. Very lite for a hot day. Loved the addition of citrus and fennel. I need to go back for evening time. If you are in the French Quarter and want quiet, artistic and not a tourista place. Give it a go.My friends and I went here for appetizers and the staff was extremely friendly. The food was amazing and our server Gerard was VERY polite and enthusiastic!Excellent restaurant in the FQ. Just hasn't caught on yet with the Yelp reviews so it doesn't have the long lines like a lot of the popular places do.  I'm guessing they will shortly.This was probably one of the best seasoned and flavorful meals during our entire stay on NOLA. Everything from the food to cocktails were spot on.BEST HURRICANE IN NEW ORLEANS WITHOUT A DOUBT! They are made fresh every time, not that crap from a tap. Only tried two small dishes, the ribs were PERFECT. But there were only three, staff was cool too but this review is for the hurricanes. Absolutely bomb ass hurricanes. BEST HURRICANE IN TOWN HANDS DOWN! Pat O'Briens has nothing on these. Definitely worth a try!Love this place, environment is really nice. Very clean and pristine.  
I had lunch with a group early today, great with excellent service and Food.  Poor boy was great short rib appetizer excellent full of flavor. Dinner I chose Papa old fashion, duck gumbo, salad and muscles. 
Drink right up my ally perfect. 
Gumbo not like the others with just wonderful flavor, sonic you had a bunch of New Orleans gumbo, don't pass on this one. 
Muscles, excellent, flavor perfect!!!
IThe Cuban sandwich is bomb. The pork ribs tasty! And Sarah made the BEST lemon drops ever!Surprised as we stumbled into this place. I'll be back every Nola trip for now on.  Crab claws!!The ribs on the brunch menu... EVERYTHING!  Sooo delicious, the BEST ribs I have ever eaten.  They are crisp on the outside, fall off the bone tender inside.  The glaze is a brown sugar cayenne that makes you want to lick the plate.  The rest of  our brunch was delectable as well, baked cinnamon french toast with fresh fruit and whipped cream and the Curio breakfast; eggs (2), chicken sausage, and white cheddar grits.  Heaven in my belly!Pork rib appetizer was the best I've ever had, dying to recreate the glaze that was on it. Drinks were also very good.The location was great the service was good. We walked right in and got a table during tje rush. That should have been our sign there.  Not worth what we spent. The best thing we had was the Smores dessertAmazing and friendly staff! And the food was fantastic!
I recommend the grilled shrimp salad !Great service Landon the manager heard us talking about wanting gumbo and came and gave me and my party complimentary gumbo. The food was amazing I couldn't have asked for better.We sat at the bar and enjoyed yummy cocktails.  The bartender knew her drinks. The meat and cheese platter was great. Good service and excellent people watching.This was our favorite dinner after 4 days in New Orleans, including all the "must dine" restaurants around NO. Best service, best value and best taste! Must get the Gumbo! The Red Fish and the Gulf Fish entrees were fantastic!So far two for two!
Had dinner here my second night in the city and it was a home run. Short rib and scallops are fantastic (former is pretty heavy, scallops on the small side)
The bartenders were first rate too. If Sara is in and you like chartreuse, ask for a michelandrew :). That gal is going places.I took a large group (16 people) there last night (Oct. 12th 2017).  We were asked for every single person to show our ID before we could order wine.  I understand the law but the waitress examined the ID's of everyone, asking about their hometown, reading the expiration dates out loud and triple checking birthdates and names.  It took at least 15 minutes and half of our group was over the age of 60.  Very frustrating but, once again, I understand she was following the law.  
Once we had ordered wine, two of the 5 bottles came out right away and we were served promptly.  However, others had ordered drinks other than wine that didn't show up for over 30 minutes.  The other bottles of wine took longer.  We were not offered new glasses to try the red wine if we had been drinking white.  I asked, when we sat down, to let me know when I could put in appetizer orders for the table.  Before all of the wine could get to the table, our waitress was taking everyone's dinner order.  No appetizers I suppose.  
Our first piece of food arrived at our table  exactly 1 hour and 20 minutes after we sat down.  One of my clients jokingly asked if he could see the breakfast menu.  We sat down in a very crowded restaurant but ate in an empty room.   Another 20 minutes later, our meals arrived.  
I do have to say, the short ribs were amazing!  The Salmon was one of the best I've eaten and the donuts and coffee was maybe the best desert I've had in NOLA.  Such a shame the service was sooooo poor.  
In hindsight, I would suggest trying Revolution instead.  To be fair, the group we took there was much smaller, but the service was outstanding.Stopped in here for Sunday brunch. The service was a little slow but our server Ashley was very nice. The food was very good and their bottomless bloody Mary's are great. Ashley even gave me one to go when we were leaving. I would definitely recommend Curio.Delicious food and great atmosphere. Big shoutout to Destiney for wonderful service and always keeping our drink filled!Wow.  This place is beautiful.. the bar is outstanding... it's huge.. and the service is awesome.  Hayden the lead bar man is awesome.  Much needed spot right here.  A block off bourbon.  Get on over here.This place was absolutely amazing, one of the best burgers I've had 10/10 would return. That is the brunch burger in the picture!A fantastic new find in the French Quarter. The menu offers something for all tastes, including delicious coffee and drinks. Our group of four went for Sunday brunch and had a hard time choosing among the great options. We went with the grilled shrimp, steak and eggs, and the shakshouka. All the dishes were delicious. The shakshouka is a unique dish with quite a kick of spice, so we were appreciative of the grilled bread that came with it. The steak and eggs were amazing, with everything cooked to perfection. The grilled shrimp were full of flavor and also perfectly cooked. The service was also terrific. Very friendly and accommodating without being in your business every other minute. We'll definitely be coming back!!Food was amazing but the service was slow. We had to call the waiter over after being seated for almost 15 minutes.The food was good. The server was attentive but not intrusive. They were out of three different things my husband ordered (two beverages and one entree). I will say that it was Mardi Gras so we were forgiving of this but it was very early to be out of the lamb shank. He ordered the short ribs instead and was happy with that. I'd give 4.5 stars if i could but there was room for improvement. The s'mores brownie was so good!!We happened upon Curio on our first day in NOLA. I can't say enough about how much I love this find. First the service was amazing, everyone from the hostess to the person clearing the table to the servers were awesome. And food!!!!!  So good. Tuna carpaccio yum, mussels in an amazing lemon buerre blanc  sauce delicious and the end with coffee creme brûlée and beignets so amazing. We were so glad to have found this place.Randomly stopped by and what a treat. The grit tots were an absolute treat for this Northerner. The roasted duck black eye gumbo was the best gumbo we had down in
Nola. Staff was so friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat!!Great new place in French Quarter!  We ventured in a few months after they opened and enjoyed a seat at the bar with a baseball game.  My wife and I ordered several appetizers and cocktails.  First was the Gumbo... let me say as a native New Orleanian it hard to mess with the traditional gumbo let alone introducing black eyed peas to the mix!  Turns out the combo is fantastic!  Next was the rib app.... holy Moses these we so good we ordered a second helping!  Finally the mussels....so succulent, with a Thai twist in the sauce that had us using the shell as a spoon to scope every last drop.  Very happy with the atmosphere, food, service and location.  Will definitely return!We didn't have a lot of time, the last thing a restaurant wants to hear, trust me, and the staff was as nice & accommodating as could be. Our drinks came out right away, as did the oyster appetizers which were absolutely incredible. Will definitely return, hopefully with a little more time & less rigorous schedule. Even at a gallop, we could see the place is beautiful and has some great art with great views of Rue Royal. Can't wait to return. Would kill for some of those oysters right now.Staying in NOLA for our friends birthday and this was our first brunch spot. Morgan their manager is amazing and Maggie our server was so friendly! The food is freaking delicious and the environment is everything that you'd want. Between Maggie refilling our mimosas every two seconds and giving us great recommendations about places to go around town she's a great addition to this staff. Good job Morgan and Maggie!The best meal, and service,I have ever had in New Orleans.  I would highly recommend Curio. In fact I'm currently here for the second time in three days.New favorite place of new orleans the candied ribs were an absolute hit. My favorite thing I ate during my trip in the whole city. Many of the other dishes were fine but needed work. 
The creme brulee and donuts was a mess. The custard overcooked or set improperly where it started to curdle, too thick a layer of sugar on top, the donuts were a chalky dry grainy mess.This place is a must visit! Sit on balcony and enjoy people watching while you sip on hurricanes! I got the crab claw salad and the mussels. Both were delicious! The others at my table got the lunch combos which is a nice compromise of gumbo and sandwich selection. Def worth a visit!Wow! Wow! Wow and more Wow!! This is a newer restaurant in the French Quarter and my wife and I decided to try it out based on other reviews. We are so glad that we did. The Chef is Hayley VanVleet and I could not have been more impressed. We ordered the Ahi Carpaccio, the Bakkafrost Salmon and the Cane Syrup Glazed Beef Short Ribs. Every dish was beautifully plated and the flavors were phenomenal!!! Every bite was just... wow!!! The salmon especially practically melted in my mouth and all three dishes were delicate and left us wanting more. Our experience at Curio was awesome and I could not give a higher recommendation. We are excited to come back and try other items.I came here for HH. The mussels were just ok. The rose for $4 was really good. This seems like a good place to come and drink for HH. Super cute inside. Very friendly service. The have an upstairs balcony which would be fun when it's warmer out.Came in to Curio after walking around the quarter one afternoon.  We had the grit tots and the bistro board and both were excellent.  The craft cocktails were amazing.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  Would recommend Curio to anyone.We stumbled across this place randomly and it was such a great surprise! The grit tots are a fun appetizer, and we can't recommend it enough: get the roasted duck and black eyed peas gumbo! On top of that, the service was wonderful. The next time we're in NOLA, we'll definitely be coming back.Inspired by thrillist's hot list of new places, I decided to give it a whirl. The best part of my dinner was the company, and a great convo I had with a random stranger. The "grit-tots" were great, but everything else was underwhelming. WAIT!...cocktails were good...very sweet, but good. Wine selection was decent. But back to the food. My friend and I shared the grit-tots, the tuna and scallop carpaccio (which took the two tries to figure out what we wanted-not sure why), the mussels, and the redfish. EEEEEEEEverything was too sweet (drinks and food). Like, so sweet we didn't finish either main dish (mussels or fish). I'm trying not to be overly critical here...because my experience wasn't terrible, but it also wasn't remarkable. The greens under my fish were good...the sauce on the carpaccio was good...the grit-tots were good. So basically go for the grit-tots. Then go home. I will add that everyone was friendly, and the service was good. The adorable young bartender refilled my drink without asking (which was cute, even though I didn't want another), but I appreciated the gesture. Overall, I won't go back, but I'm sure some will enjoy (those who aren't used to the best NOLA dining).Bad experience.
Food was incorrectly entered to the kitchen or prepared incorrectly, regardless, 6 of 8 meals came out incorrect.
One meal never arrived, one mimosa took ~45min to arrive after 3 reminders.
They comp'd us the meal that never arrived, the 45min late mimosa and 3x beers that retailed for $3.5 each...*gut punch*
We had 4 kiddos with us...who all performed admirably regardless of the hi jinx, but of course after being there for 1.5hrs, regardless of age we were all spent.Amazing food! We went for dinner. Everything we ordered was so yummy! Definitely would recommend Curio.Great place. Opened 2weeks ago! Food was very interesting...in a good way. The balcony was wonderful, our waitress very attentive in a good way. 
Saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it. Everyone was extremely friendly. We got the cheese plate as a starter. The roasted garlic head was a wonderful addition spread on the toasted rustic bread and then spread with the Brie cheese. Yummmm. Had to help hubby with the garlic. He tried to get a clove instead of pushing/squeezing the soft roasted goodness out from the bottom with the knife and then spreading...I hope that wasn't a ploy to get me to do it. Hmmmm.
Mains were the cane sugar short rib with cheesy grits and tomatoes for me and the veggie curry for him. I snapped a picture of mine after eating a bit...I was excited to taste, it didn't disappoint. Didn't need a knife for the tender meat and the cheesy grits were excellent. Hubby's was good too. Very unexpected, the Indian flair served over grits. Vegetarians will enjoy this one. Dessert was the pound cake. The top was a crispy crunch with a rum pineapple topping served with a coconut ice cream. This pound cake deserves a trip just for dessert!
Would not think twice about returning on my next trip to New Orleans. Only problem I can see is the more people hear about 
Curio the harder it will be to get a table. Look forward to seeing any menu updates the next time, I do hope they keep the short rib as a staple.Visiting new Orleans for a birthday and stumbled upon curio for brunch with my girlfriends. What an awesome experience we had! First bottomless mimosas were fantastic as well as all the food. Maggie is the best server ever and filled our mimosas as soon as we were half way done. Very consistent and awesome service!!! 5 stars.++ Shakshuka - Excellent! The eggs were cooked perfectly.
++ Baked french toast - Excellent. Light syrup but tasted so good.
++ Coffee - pretty good!
++ Good Ambiance ! Friendly serviceVery tasty.. Destiny and her recommendations were the best! I don't live here, but I'll be back!We wandered in during lunchtime and had a great experience. The service was wonderful, we sat at the bar and the bartender could not have been more helpful.  We ordered gumbo and a po boy and had some fun cocktails. We will definitely be back.I came here for lunch today with 2 friends.  We got to the table upstairs we were the only ones up there.  The stemless wine glasses were on the table  2 had lipstick marks like no one even tried to clean them.  We ordered 2 appetizers. First the shrimp boulettes.  We had no shrimp the ranch dipping sauce tasted like yogurt and was runny.  We also order ed the grit tots.  Tots were okay the chili sauce that accompanied it did not go well at all.  We all ordered the ribeye with kale and salsa verde.  It was way too overpowering and just was not good.  The fries were good, but the garlic chunks could have been smaller.  We got the bill and we waited and waited.  We arrived at 11:30 and left at 1:05.  For 3 people and one gentleman was across the room by himself.  We all agreed that this was not a good experience. Very disappointed.Great new space that retains the classic NOLA vibe.  Our bartender made a fantastic Ramos gin fizz which happens to be our favorite drink of all time. Curio is a great addition to the quarter. *they also have TVs at the bar in case you need to watch some sports sans volume.Had a great time upstairs with John taking great care of us. For a newer place they really have their stuff together!Went out for Saturday brunch on our last day in NOLA. Stopped by some of the more established places - Jimmy J's, Fleur de Lis - which had hour plus waits. I hate waiting, and we had a flight to catch. Pretty much stumbled into this place - glad we did. Learned they've been open for a month. Since they were new and relatively unknown, there was no line. Food and service was very good - a wonderful send off for our visit to the Crescent City. I suspect there will be a line next time we visit.This is probably the best restaurant I've experienced in the French Quarter.  I had the redfish dish while my colleague ate the ribeye which were both perfectly presented and delicious!  Our server, Cristina, was exceptional and gave us excellent suggestions that satisfied our palate.  The desserts were just amazing too!
We were lucky to secure a table, maybe because it was a Monday night but my guess is that this place is hopping on other days of the week.