Definitely my favorite juice/smoothie bar in the city! The employees are always friendly and the juices and smoothies are made with really fresh ingredients, never frozen. When I'm feeling like crap I always come here for a ginger shot (it's tough, but so worth it) and a "it's not easy being green" smoothie. Great experience every time I come in!!Just stopped in for the first time to try out their juices, since they are new in my area. After reading other reviews on yelp, I decided to go with the clear favorite, "Its not easy being green," and I was not disappointed! The service was great; my server made a little too much for the size small I ordered, so she upgraded me to a larger size for free! And I was able to use the 10% discount with the yelp check in which, as a student, is always a plus. They are dog-friendly, and I was able to bring my dog inside to hang out while the juice was being made. All in all, a great experience and a great juice-- I will be back!!The Purple Sweetart is out of this world.  My moto is buy local and support local. So Patchworks Markert will be my new hanging out place. Art work is is great ,lots to see and lots to buy......   :)juice juice juice juice juice juice. I love all things healthy. Juice and smoothie included. d'juice, while I'm still figuring out how to pronounce it, is pricey but serves up a great product. I do wish it was organic but it's nice for what's in the area.Sometimes I really just need something healthy to make me feel like I'm not completely binging on fatty stuff all the time! d'juice definitely does the trick! It takes me forever staring at the menu to figure out what delicious fruits or veggies I want to ingest and I have never been disappointed. I always snatch up a LivingSocial or a Groupon when it comes up, because it is about what you would expect to pay for fresh juice -- not cheap. The employees are always super friendly and take a lot of care to make you the perfect juice. Delicious! Definitely recommend!Interesting space...in the front, there's some table & chairs set up (with free wifi advertised but I didn't use) and art for sale. In the back is the juice bar. 
The staff lets you know what is fresh and what is frozen which I liked and the prices seem on point for fancy juice drinks. They offer both veggie & fruit juices and you can customize to your hearts content.  
The counter person was polite and offered suggestions and I was in and out quickly. Good stuff.So I got a groupon deal for this place and took my girls for a juice. These juices are the best in town. I have been to another juice bar and this one by far is the best. Lots of different flavors to choose from. Will be back soon.very friendly atmosphere, great juicing or cakes, king cakes.Art works and original furniture. Love this place!Healthy and delicious, and good for you! it taste great. We got the "energy" and "just beet it"We love juicing and it was nice to find this simple juice place in a hipster little hood on our trip. What a delight.Great little spot on Magazine for fresh juices, salads, sammies & avocado toast (which is next on my list to try!). I stopped by on the way to work lured in by the brightly colored building & the promise of something delicious. It's attached to a catering/bakery store called Jennifer's creations which makes the whole place smell amazingly like gooey butter cake. This is particularly satisfying considering you walked in for something healthy. (Jen doesn't sell many ready made items yet, but I'm told she's working on it and I can't wait!) But I digress...
I got the cupuaçu hydrater. I'm pretty sure I asked her for a Chupacabra, but instead, I was handed a lovely violet blend of watermelon, blueberries and coconut water, and not too sweet. A bit pricey, but delicious nonetheless. 
Will be back to try the bakery items and the avo toast!Delicious! I always get the berry berry good. Love this place!I love the green drank, which includes green peppers, kale, bananas, and some other fruits and vegetables in some configuration or other. It doesn't taste too vegetable-y, but the green peppers add a pleasant note to the overall flavor. 
Purple drank is also good, with blueberries and other stuff.
I can never tell quite what I'm drinking, aside from the dominant flavors. But isn't that the point of blending your vegetables into a fruit puree? The smoothies have always been delicious! Sweet and tart with enough fresh plant matter to convince me it's healthy.This is, without a doubt, one of the best juice bars in the city. If you are interested in consuming something that is equally delicious and nutritious, then look no further. Unlike Smoothie King, they use real fruits and vegetables, juiced right in front of you. I love building my own juice with a variety of fresh fruits and veggies. The prices are fair and the employees are friendly, professional, and very helpful. I go here at least three times a week, and it has never let me down.Fantastic place, we were on a road trip from DC and thirsting for some green smoothies. The guys there were so helpful and are trying to change the eating habits of the city, tried quite a few ones and loved each one. .. fresh, refreshing and green!D'juice is small and lovely. The staff is knowledgable, friendly and their juices are delicious. I find the energy to be particularly restorative after a night of indulging. They also have a great punch card loyalty system. I will continue to patronize D'Juice and recommend you do too!This is incredible juice( totally delicious and healthy, but doesn't taste like ginger), but expensive prices. The staff is very friendly, and they deliver smoothies to your door! They have a rewards punch card to earn a free smoothie.Okay, I was skeptical. I came here with friends and was not expecting to get anything. After being convinced to try it, I gave the antioxidant juice a try. SO GOOD. I watched as they made it, and was amazed that such random selection of fruits and veggies could be so amazing together. This smoothie had beets and carrots, which I'm not too fond of in real life, but in this smoothie it blended perfectly. The prices are steep....around 7.00 for a small. They do offer a 10% off coupon if you check in on Yelp, which is nice. They have other baked goodies there, but the prices were pretty high on those as well. Since everything is "organic," I guess you get what you pay for!
I did feel really good and energized after drinking it, more so than with my regular coffee. I would definitely stop back in here to try a couple of different juices.This is my favorite juice / smoothie place I have ever been. They are so nice and I go all the way from old Jefferson to them whenever I can the green juice smoothie is amazingI've never written a yelp review before but I placed an order through uber eats (i didn't know D'Juice actually does their own delivery) that either was delivered to the wrong address or never arrived. I contacted them and they were so nice and actually delivered my item free of charge. Great food and customer service.I don't usually gush, but I recently discovered how much I like green juice and this place makes an excellent green energy juice.  The place is cute and the people are very friendly.  I highly recommend this place.I loved it! My bf and I were wandering the streets after visiting Tulane and we were lost in a residential area in 80 degree weather without a car. We were trying to find something to eat but a lot of the restaurants in New Orleans close after lunch and open later for dinner. 
When I saw the djuice sign I thought "SALVATION!"  
We had the green smoothie and carrot smoothie. So refreshing and delicious. We had smoothies and didn't get to try the juices but I'm sure they're great as well. 
The ladies are wonderful and there is local artwork for sale as well!
Super cute :)$15 Groupon for 5 medium smoothies? Yes please. Fresh fruit and vegetables (although there are frozen components to their smoothies but not their juices)? Yes please. Juiced right in front of you? Yes please!
Though a Jamba Juice is also coming to Uptown, I'm pretty satisfied with d'Juice on Oak. I love their "It's Not Easy Being Green" smoothie; it's really refreshing and crisp tasting (if that's even possible) with just a touch of sweet. I gotta say I'm biased though cause I love veggies like the fat kid in me loves cake :P
In addition to juices and smoothies, they also sell baked goods (though I don't know if they're made in house or not... maybe another Yelper can find out? :) please and thank you!) like cookies and cupcakes, which I have yet to try. What would add the cherry on top is if they had pastries! Hint hint haha.
Though I redeemed all my smoothies, I'll definitely be back for more. Me gusta :Dawesome juices and not intimidating for the casual juicer. the "it's not easy being green" is my favorite. everyone is friendly and helpful - it's not a pretentious setting and you aren't made to feel uncool for not knowing a lot about wheat grass. 
added bonuses - free wifi (perfect spot to do some paperwork and get a liquid lunch) and great artwork/photography for sale. i ended up buying a photograph for a friend's wedding present while i was there. they also accept credit cards (always an unknown in new orleans).I didn't feel like packing my lunch for work one day - and I've been on a smoothie/salad kick - so I turned to Yelp and found this d'Juice Bar. I couldn't locate prices on the website (or in the actual building) but winged it. My medium It's Not Easy Being Green smoothie cost right at $7.
I don't know if this is a pro or a con but when I walked in the whole building smelled like cookies. Delicious, homemade cookies. Of course I'm trying to be good and I didn't ask if the cookies were ready or for sale, but now I wish I would have gotten a cookie.
The smoothie is good - the company juices the veggies then uses frozen fruits to make it a thick smoothie. They use the Blendtec blender -- which is really good, but I still found chunks of frozen banana in the smoothie. I read in the other reviews that people scored a 5 smoothies for $15 groupon and I wouldn't mind scoring that groupon so I can try all the smothies!I'm always a bit apprehensive about spending more than $5 for a smoothie, because I typically feel like it is something I can whip up at home for a fraction of the cost. However, when it comes to adding  vegetables to smoothies I end up making some of the worst creations known to man. I just can't seem to get the flavor profile right. I tried to make a kale-apple-spriulina smoothie once that literally looked like the pond scum you scraped off the top of a local bayou... and it tasted about the same. Since then I have hesitated when adding any veggie other than spinach to a tasty blended delight.
However, d'Juice knows EXACTLY what they are doing. Their savory beet smoothie was both sweet, crisp, light and indulgent all at the same time. I don't know how they did it, but it was absolutely amazing. I can't wait to go back to try more! 
I followed it with a shot of wheatgrass and felt ready to take on the day. Sometimes when it comes to proper smoothie/juice making, it's best to leave it up to the professionals.Enjoyed very much and will be back soon. Used the Yelp deal and am exited to use the rest of the coupon! Plus benefits for checking inCall Groupon and took my fiancé here doing a recent vacation to NOLA. I enjoyed my juice immensely. 
I went to a couple of juice cafés during the trip and this was one of the more noteworty ones I would recommendGreat unique layout and atmosphere. Open warehouse feel, but still cozy. Knowledgeable staff. Fresh and delicious juices.Great food and juices/smoothies! Location is perfect. Owners are awesome and super friendly.A bit pricey, but delicious. A lot of options and you can pretty much make whatever you want with what they have, even if it's not a menu item.It's Not Easy Being Green, is my new all time favorite smoothie from d'Juice. Picked up my cupcakes for Mother's Day and decided to try a all veggie smoothie. Once again d'Juice NEVER disappoints me...Shop Local and But Local!!!!!!!!  Way to go d'juice........let me say that i have filled more than one reward card here, which means their juices are great, HOWEVER, unfortunately today will be my last time visiting.
i recently spoke with the owner to bring to her attention that her employee had chipped nail polish & dirty nails and of course she said she would mention it to her, BUT TWICE since then, i have seen the same thing with more than one employee! now this may or may not be a big deal for some people, but if i am spending upwards of $7 on a health juice why would i be ok with possible nail polish in my juice or dirty nails handling the fruit that is going in my juice?
i am disappointed that something like this can't be handled properly...Love the healthy and fresh juices and smoothies. The free delivery makes it so convenient to get a fresh drink delivered to me right to my work. Have been very happy with this place since they have opened and I've ordered at least twenty juices or smoothies. The website is difficult to order on, in my opinion, so i will normally just call and place my order over the phone, and the staff is always friendly and makes delicious drinks.Ouch...that was the sound my wallet said when I found out how much they charge.  I guess not posting the prices up where everyone can see them is a good idea for them.  I know I would have walked out had I seen them.  I like to support local business, but I like to support my local wallet more.  Bang for the buck is important to me and this place will be a "never return" on my list.  The juice itself wasn't bad...it was good...really good in fact...just not $15 for 2 mediums good.The juices here are delicious!! The ladies who are working are so nice and helpful too! Everything was very clean and fresh -- best juices in new orleans!I was in town visiting my sister and as a new juice addict I needed to grab some juice before yoga class.  I loved the atmosphere of the place with the old chairs and benches, it was crisp and clean.  I ordered the "Green Energy" and the juice was delicious.  I will return here on my visits.Yummy!! I stopped by after an explorative bike ride around the city and saw the sign for juice! After 45 min in the sun I thought it would be a nice afternoon snack. The place is very cool inside (although not temperature wise- windows open on. 95+ degree day, hence the 4 stars) oh and no music playing- which I would have liked. 
Other than that the staff and owner were very pleasant. I got the "it's not easy being green" smoothie which we incredibly tasty and healthy feeling! 
They also make  made-to-order cakes and cookies and if you ask they may have extra that you can buy there. I bought the cherry oatmeal cookies. They were incredible! much better then some cookies I got the day before at a fancy-pants bakery. 
I will defiantly go back and you should too!This is my favorite juice and smoothie joint!! The ingredients are fresh and they have amazing healthy baked goods. I've come here on hot days and cold, rainy ones to take a break from a run or just to sit and read since it's so spacious on the inside. I love the homey feel. In terms of drinks, my favorites are the sunny carrot and the rainbow connection, and any açaí bowl. Cant wait to come back.Just beet it is my fav so far! Very reasonable prices compared to other juice bars I've been to and wider selection of juices/smoothies.The Juice here does not get any better! The owners of this business do not get any better! I am completely addicted to this juice-I have to go a few times a week, just to get my fix! If you want a real smoothie, this is your place! They have the best straws and I sometimes finish my large smoothie just visiting and "juice talking" with the owners. This is a must place to stop if you are in the neighborhood and a must place to go if you are NOT in the neighborhood!Stopped by after a run and was extremely impressed by the juices and delicious avocado toast! Will definitely be back!My brother-in-law is a big fan of juice-places.  Me? - I'm ambivalent, seeing them as opportunistic joints that capitalize on the laziness of frequenters.
So - that makes me a curmudgeon.
Here's the bottom line:  If you can't do what they do - then, by all means, come here and imbibe in what they do that you can't.The best smoothie I have ever tasted is made here: It's not easy being green. Wish I could have one right now but I am in Seattle!My siblings and I spent a day walking around this district on oak, and happened in on d'juice by complete chance. instantly on walking in, very cool, homestyle environment.  the workers (one must have been the owner) were all so friendly and warm and helped decided exactly what juice we should try. I stuck with an "its not easy being green" and enjoyed the heck out of it. we were all amazed at the selection of fresh (i mean, as fresh as it gets) vegetables and fruits used. very tasty, great way to get your meal fix without feeling guilty. a little pricier than we were expecting, but we also weren't expecting that much fresh produce.I've been back a few times since my initial review and have to say that I'm a fan. It's too bad that this place is across town from where I live! I can't say much about the prices, because I have been using my Groupon, but it seems a wee bit pricy from other customers I have observed.
The people I have encountered since I have been back have been extremely nice and quick, and my smoothie has always been delicious. If I'm in the neighborhood, I would definitely stop in here again.Hmmm. Not sure how I feel about this place yet. I bought the 5 medium smoothie Groupon, and decided to go for a pre-yoga healthy smoothie. The girl behind the counter wasn't exactly mean, but she wasn't nice, either. She looked like she would rather be anywhere but there, which is understandable cause I've totally been there, but at least I know how to do fake retail cheerfulness. 
I ordered their alleged bestseller, It's Not Easy Being Green. The woman making my smoothie stopped halfway to make a phone call, I suppose to the owner, to tell them that the juicer wasn't turning on. She appeared to have fixed it, however, and smoothie making went on as promised. Not exactly somewhere you should go if you're in a hurry but, well, I wasn't so I didn't mind the wait.
When I got the smoothie, it was indeed good, but the consistency was a little off as there were chunks of frozen fruit floating around that did not get completely blended. It seems as if they need some sort of standards in their smoothie making so that they can get a consistent product.
I will definitely be back since I have that Groupon, and we shall see if the next experience is better. Keep in mind that I did arrive about a half hour to close, and it was deserted, so that probably had an influence on my experience.Had the White chocolate raspberry bowl! Amazing! I substituted water for the apple juice- less sugar! added granola and PB. 
They are very accommodating and super friendly. Will definitely go back!!Ordered a strawberry cake, for a birthday and brunch gathering today, over all the cake was the talk of the table. Everyone wanted to know where I got the lovely strawberry cake from, I said d'Juice/Patchworks on Oak Street. 5 stars to Jeanea and Steven. I totally love the concept of Patchworks! You will always have my business for any function.So good. A little pricey but not to be unexpected at a specialty place live this. I recommend the it's not easy being green it's so good! People that work their are so friendly and helpful!! My only wish is that the prices were on the menu.I've been meaning to try this place for a long time.  I ordered a sandwich online for lunch, it was ready when I arrived and was delicious.  I'll be back.Discovered d'Juice because it was one of the restaurant options on my university's meal plan. Have returned a couple times outside of that.
This place is kind of bare bones on the inside, but they consistently make great acai bowls and smoothies. If you are on Magazine on a hot day, there is nothing better than stopping in here for a refresher. The prices are a bit on the higher side relative to quantity, but you'll leave feeling mostly full and definitely happy.our first time at d'juice. we got the rainbow connection and the anti-oxidant. tastes delicious!The juices and smoothies at d'juice are really good, but unfortunately I think this will be my last time as a patron in their establishment. It took them 40 minutes to make a smoothie and throughout the entire process one of the employees wasn't helping but rather just sitting and doing nothing. There is no reason that a juice place should have such slow service. I'm very disappointed.The two girls who work here have terrible attitudes (Tulane students it looks like, which isn't surprising). I went in and ordered an açaí bowl, and it tasted unusually tart unlike ones I've had from there before, so I called to see what was up. These things are $10 so they should taste good. The girl on the phone gave me an attitude when I asked politely why it tasted much tarter than ones I've had in the past, and practically hung up on me when i said thank you. On the occasions I've gone in there she's also looked miserable when she comes and hands me  my order, I wish I could've watch her do to someone else to see if she's prejudiced or just a miserable person. There are two other employees who are much more pleasant who work here on other days, so make sure to only go in when they're there.Great place! My coworkers Chris & Arriane told me to give this shop a try so I did. I got the berry berry good smoothie. Be forewarned people its uptown. If you go on a business day beware of meter maids. FEED THE METER. I thought i had gotten away with parking without paying but nope! Still doesn't take away from how delicious and healthy this place is and the art inside is BEAUTIFUL.The avocado toast was terrible. The egg was extremely undercooked. I felt unsafe eating it. I also ordered cheese for an extra .90 cents and got barely any at all, the bread was soggy and not toasted or anything and the avocado was brown. I will not order from here ever again. I overpaid for terrible food that I had two bites of and threw awayif i could give one star i would. the staff wasn't helpful/ willing to take our order when we first got there. after we did order, they had to come back and tell us they ran out of avocados; then waited over 30 minutes for açaí bowls that they never even made fresh-- just got out of the fridge and handed to us when asked about waiting longerOhhh this place is going to hurt my bank account but make my body so so happy. The pricing here is really good don't get me wrong! Actually the pricing is way better than what I was paying back home when I lived in Texas. The reason why it's dangerous is because I'm addicted to them. Their juices are made to order and you have to try their signature "It's not easy being green".
This place is walking distance so I'll be back I'm certain of it. They also do delivery and you can get your fave juice in a half gallon or galloon size!
Also make sure to utilize their Yelp check in special.Some of the best and freshest smoothies I've ever had. Great customer service and even included a 50% off discount for my next visit!Expensive and not organic-they used to run out of wheatgrass when they were supposed to have it.I have been coming here for quite some time now, and the way I was just treated was utterly disappointing. I got there at 7:26 and went up to the door hoping they would at least let me in since it's 42 degrees outside and raining. They did not, so I walked back to my car, and came back at 7:30. When I went up to the register, the woman said they didn't have anything for the juices ready. I always get the peanut butter yogurt bowl so I wasn't phased by how unprepared they were. She proceeds to tell me they are out of granola, one of the 5 ingredients. She could not have had a more deplorable attitude. When I received the bowl, It looked like she just through everything in there with no regard for presentation. I know this because I always get the same thing and it has never looked like that. The people that use to work there were always so friendly and welcoming.I ordered my food from GrubHub as takeout. I got there 10 minutes after ordering and my food was already ready (so fast). The place was super cute and small and the cashier was very nice. The food was nicely packaged to go, and they gave me all the utensils I needed to enjoy my lunch. The salad was so good. It was densely packed in the container and really filled me up. I ordered the açaí bowl because I didn't think the salad would be that big because the price was so low. Boy was I wrong. The açaí bowl was really sweet and tasty, and the shaved coconut on top really hit the spot. I was so surprised by how good the prices were when I ordered it so I was a little skeptical but everything was phenomenal!! This would be a great spot to order a quick lunch to go if you're in a rush and want a healthy meal.This was my second and last time. I ordered BLT. It was on toasted sandwich bread. A slice of tomato, lettuce, and some crumbled bacon. No chips or any other side. $11.00. The first time my sandwich came with a side.   I asked twice for water.  Right out of the tap, no ice.  I am back home making me a sandwich.Used a groupon and it was worth the money. Juice is tasty and I have had fast service.  Only issue is one girl didn't wash her hands initially even after being in the back room. She also didn't pull off the stickers from the apples which makes me wonder if they were ever washed. She also went to pick up my cookies with her bare hands. Needless to say I do have some sanitary concerns but if they can do better I will definitely purchase again even without the grouponFresh pressed juice prepared right before your eyes! Tasty juice mixtures along with a couple lemonade options, of which I tried the watermelon lemonade which was not as tasty as the antioxidant juice consisting of beet, apple, carrot, kale, spinach, ginger and orange. They were running a promotion of a free ginger shot with purchase of any juices or smoothies, which I got as well (why not?). 
They are expanding into food options as well which I will check out on my next visit, with a few breakfast/brunch options that look absolutely delectable.Decided to stop here before we headed on our road-trip to Mississippi. Everything we got was just ok.  But we just needed something healthy in our stomachs eating so unhealthy all the fried food in NOLA.Unlike a lot of other juice bars in New Orleans d'Juice is FRESH! They juice it right after you place the order which is how it should be. I have been to a few other juice bars in Nola and they have everything pre-juiced and that is not the correct way to run a juice bar. The juice starts to lose enzymes as soon as it's pressed, so it's nice to have a place that DOES IT RIGHT! Thanks d'Juice!Dint like the juice was not tasting good and was very expensive .will never go to this place again. I wouldn't even give one star.I came here, because I have been looking for celery juice for a while now...They have it.  The service was impeccable!!  The prices are very steep. Pure celery juice. $5.74. that is very high.  I tried it, so I Liked it and decided to order the gallon.  It was $22.00.  I will be back to try the salads and sandwiches.This place is amazing! I frequently order smoothies and lunch from here and have no idea why it's taken me so long to get around to writing this review. Free delivery to work just cant be beat, whether its just a smoothie or the whole house is ordering, they deliver!
I can't say enough about the staff or the cleanliness of the space they operate in -- I sometimes get to indulge at this place on Sundays after a round of teaching yoga. Such perfect fuel for the body y'all! I am so happy such affordable health food is accessible on Magazine Street. You run into loads of over labeled and overpriced...this is not that. This is healthy food, straightforward and always prepared 100% correctly!The service is fast, and they offer free delivery if you order on their website, which is awesome!
I've tried the tropical açaí bowl, the it's not easy being green smoothie, and their ham and honey glazed pear sandwich. All were fantastic. It's not easy being green is honestly one of the best smoothies I've ever had. It never gets old.What's wrong with this place? I walk in and I'm the only one there. The young girl behind the counter doesn't look up at me for about two minutes while she's on the internet but I didn't think much about it at the time until this same attitude continued the entire order.  I didn't see her wash her hands after being on the computer and then then puts her hand in my smoothie to mush it down twice! The woman who walked in behind me had to tell her both times to use a knife. Nothing but bad vibes from her and then at the end she literally shoved my change into my hand. $18 for two drinks that aren't even organic. 
On top of all this, nothing is organic there. I want to send a memo to all juice bars in hopes that they switch to organic not only does it taste much better, but  when you drink massive amounts of fruits and vegetables with pesticides you are getting multiple times the pesticides and in liquid form. This is not healthy. Pesticides are tested on people for meal sized portions. When you are detoxing this is important. I did feel better after having my greens but would not go to this place regularly and after the way I was treated~never again.D'Juice is my #1 juice bar in NOLA. While it's a bit pricey, the prices are on par with other juice shops and the quality is way above that of it's competitors. Service is always quick, employees are knowledgeable and friendly, and there's a lot of variety to the menu. My favorite is the "Berry Berry Good" smoothie, but I've tried most of them and they're all great. Also, they have vegan (and paleo!) protein powder!!d'Juice is my new favorite spot. I've been looking for a place that does green juices and smoothies near work outside of the larger chains and this place is it! When I first walked into d'Juices, I was pleasantly greeted by the smell of fresh baked goods and smiling faces. When I mentioned that I am new customer, I was instantly presented with the run down of how everything works, ingredients in the drinks, and my options. I settled on my all time favorite smoothie, Banana and Strawberry and went on my way. I was happy to know that the taste of my smoothie matched the excellent service. I will definitely be coming back and I recommend everyone who enjoys smoothies or baked goods to check this place out.