Table for 10...we were seated quickly, then....it went all wrong. Bug in salad, orders incomplete...10 in our group and they DON'T and will NOT separate the checks. A server shared that this was a big complaint everyday and the owner refuses to enter into 2016. It would make more sense. The main focus was selling the 2 for 1 Hurricanes!!!went here and got a philly cheesesteak sandwich, which was about average..had better. but it was okay overall..another time came here late night for breakfast..breakfast was fine..the waitress was really nice the 1st time we came in here..they had the football game on and we had an area all to ourselves to watch the game, which im sure is rare but we came in 11/13. overall this place was fineI googled best seafood omelette in New Orleans and it came up Daisy Dukes so off we went. Walked in, not greeted. Sat down, waited about 5-7 min. Waitress asked what I wanted, told her coffee black with a water. After walking around, talking with teammates I asked her again, she cane back a few min later. I and another couple were the only patrons as it was 5 am. Ordered the omelette with a side of sourcream... omelette brought out had no crawfish, 3 pieces of tomatoes and almost no cheese. When a male server came by I showed him the sad serving and he promptly had it fixed. Brought it back with same hashbrowns now room temp and a luke warm biscuit and then told they do not have sour cream which if I had known would not have ordered the dish. I poked at it for a bit then paid my 18.00 check and left very disappointed to go eat at another place that hit the spot. Male server tried his best to be apologetic and I get it but dang, $18 bucks and another $20 to replace the bad breakfast. Now I know why they don't wear name tags. Won't be backThis is K's and my go-to spot when we're hungry at like 11 pm, which actually happens quite often because he eats at odd hours and I'm hungry every two hours.
Our most recent visit was at around 3:30 am. We both had a busy week and passed out way too early on a Friday night and woke up super hungry in the middle of the night. We knew we wanted to get some food that wasn't fast food, so we drove all the way to the quarter to Daisy Dukes.
I like their gumbo, and I think I've got wings here twice already (just cuz we seem to end up there when I am having cravings for wings). I've had the alligator sausage meal, which is pretty pricey but delicious. K has ordered pork chops, blackened fish (which was pretty good), and some other things I now can't remember. He can be a rather picky eater, but he hasn't complained about any of the food here.
We will keep going back to Daisy Dukes as long as they're open when no one else is.LATE NIGHT NOLA  it's not gourmet but it'll do and you know what  the people working there are so nice and fun it's a 2am mustTo start, I was at Daisy Dukes on Fat Tuesday for lunch, and the serves was wonderful, the bartender was courteous and the meal was prepared swiftly. Hurricanes were 2-4-1 and delicious and complimented my Po'boy alligator sausage sandwich just perfectly! My friend had the seafood omelet. We were both quite satisfied!Go to the one on Carondelet. Food is a lot better and their is less hustle and bustle. Was very disappointed coming here.Everything was hot & delicious. Highly recommend the mozzarella sticks, chicken tenders and gumbo!Good food at reasonable prices. 
The fried green tomatoes were very good but a bit bready. The sampler was good and the boiled crawfish was exceptional!Got into town late Monday night and yelp suggested Daisy dukes and then the valet driver at the hotel were we stayed and he said the food was great. After 10pm had a great meal for a very affordable price and my kids had more than enough food that they had leftovers for the next day!! Nice setting and location!!! Give thumbs up when New Orleans!Popped in for an early breakfast.  Seated quickly our waitress was attentive.  The food was very good not greasy and prepared properly.  The coffee was excellent.  It was a great start to our day.  Keep in mind the whole in the wall places usually have the best food - this one was no different.  Would I return ?  Yes definitely.Greasy and average food. But a great experience of going to a dive bar - breakfast style. The blasting country music will convey what I mean when you arrive.Good food and fast service but Bloody Mary wasn't all it was cracked up to be. That's ok though decent price and still drank it for sure.Service is quite fair... oysters were really good, the lb of crawfish was tasty, the gumbo was not good compared with others I have tried. The plate of gumbo is big. What I loke the most was the oysters. Service was ok besides they confused a cup of gumbo with a full portion. This place is perfect for a very latr dinner because  they open till late. We ate there a 2am.Their gyro is pretty good but really greasy. I went there in July and the meat was better than it is today. Not sure if its a change in qualify of meet, cook or new owner.Food was decent, but the wait was horrible - waiting for menus, waiting for our bill (15 mins), waiting on our water that never came and a refill of my Pepsi that never came.Food: 3.0/5.0
Service: 3.5/5.0
Value: 3.5/5.0
Decor: 3.0/5.0
Overall: 3.0/5.0
Standard diner experience.  Did the red beans & rice, because... well, Nawlins'.  Friendly service, short wait.What a phenomenal feast. Come here for the crawfish Monday through Friday noon-6 for their endless crawfish boil. Only wish I had discovered this place sooner. Truly phenomenal.Reasonable, cute little breakfast place in the Quarter that is not overly crowded. Got in right and seated right away. 
Found this place through Yelp, so we figured we had a winner - can get good seafood or Gumbo in New Orleans, but a good breakfast can be difficult to come by!! 
Couldn't help but wonder if our waitress had a late night before coming to work that morning. Out of it, sloooowww, and a little bit of an attitude. Wished we had the other cheery woman who greeted us at the door. 
Heard their bloody marys were good - and bottomless! - Not a big bloody mary fan, but hey! My tastes have changed and I'll check it out! Was good! Except, there was no booze in the drink - my friend confirmed this when he joined us later and ordered one as well. 
Food was decent. Priced good and was your standard breakfast fare. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy - which was the best thing we ordered. Their omlettes were good, but nothing special and their pancakes and hashbrowns were the same.
Did take everyone's advice and ordered the bacon extra crispy - even then it wasn't super crispy, but still good. If you don't like your bacon on the soggy side..make sure you do this!
Over all, it's a good place to hit in the quarter for breakfast. Was seated right away and the price was right.Small place, nothing fancy, but the food is good and reasonably priced. Even my picky eater found something he liked.Great food relaxing atmosphere exactly what you want in NOLA. Best of all my bill was only $13! Not the most most glitzy places but definitely worth going toGot the pancakes for breakfast and they were amazing, light and fluffy and did not turn to concrete when they hit your stomach. Great prices and excellent service.I don't know. I just don't know. If you like greasy spoon type places this is for you. I don't.  It IS cheap and the portions you can eat off of for a few days.  Not much that is good for you here and the service took quite a long time.   It seems that this place is banking on the overindulgent heading for heart-attack Tourist.
I would skip it and find something more fun and better for you. Maybe head to the farmers market on the water? (Meals from the Heart is MY fav!)The many times I have been to this location, I don't remember the pancakes being bland. Regardless, I always enjoy the fast service, hospitable servers and good food. I'll be backFood was just okay. We both ordered the Seafood omelet and they were overcooked a d dry. The grits were grainy but the biscuit was good.
Wouldn't go back because there are too many other places to eatGood, cheap breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast and hashbrowns only $4.50. On top of that this place was so clean. Staff is friendly and attentive. We will be back.Friendly staff, great Cajun food near the quarter without spending a lot.  We were there 4 times in 4 days!  They will show you how to eat the crawfish.Nice hangover food! Cheeseburger was bigger than my head, plus they have a bottomless Bloody Mary. The staff was extremely warm and friendly. They made us feel at home. Overall, a good place to eat while walking around the Quarter.Great place to eat late at night. The food is good, and won't break that bank. This place is way better than eating at a fast food joint. We wen't twice and didn't regret it.Came for a late night snack. Service was very friendly, and the food was good. Shared an oyster po boy and red beans and rice. They were both pretty good and definitely hot the spot after a night of bar hopping.This place is a hidden gem. It's one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots. The biscuits are the best. I got the hot sausage omelet with peppers and tomatoes. My meal was great. This place reminds you of good ole country cooking. It's also have the Creole staple dishes.Daisy Dukes tried unsuccessfully to scam my girlfriends out of $20. They were a large party and when they paid the bill with cash they were confronted and harassed by the management and accused of passing fraudulent money...even involving the police, all this over $20!!! Unbelievable that a restaurant would sacrifice their reputation with lovely tourists over $20! Shameful!It was great! I had the Chicken Philly Cheese and it was so much that it could hardly fit! Was delivered fast by a nice guy who accepted my largesse of a tip graciously. When I'm back in NOLA, it'll be on my list of places to visit again.This place was recommended to us because it was an affordable breakfast, and it was affordable and that was all . I would not recommend this restaurant.  The staff was not friendly.   The bloody Marys were advertised as best in NOLA and were far from it , my daughter did not even finish it, and did not come with a crawfish as all pictures advertised.  When asked they said they were out of season. The mimosas were standard butcame in plastic cups.We had our breakfast delivered to our hotel twice during our week long New Orleans vacation.  We loved the quick service (arrived in half the time than the order said it would take) and we definitely got more food for our buck than we would have gotten with room service ;). We had pancakes, pork chops, eggs, bacon, sausage, and gravy with biscuits...it was delicious both times!  They had everything from utensils to condiments (didn't need to ask for them).  We will definitely be ordering breakfast from them every time we are in New Orleans.I ordered the scrambled eggs with alligator and it was really good. The crawfish was also delicious. Overall the food is great here. The customer service is mediocre and slow. I would come again for the food but know not to expect much attention from the wait staff.This is my go to spot whenever I'm in town. It's open 24 hours a day and you can always expect a hot meal with great service. My favorite is the Cajun omelet, just think in about it makes my mouth water. Owweeee where you at?!Waitress was very nice, but none of the food stood out in any way. My buddies got some pounds of the Crawfish and they weren't very good. I tried one to confirm and it was kind of flavorless. I got the shrimp po boy, with which I was very unimpressed.I really wasn't pleased with the gumbo either. Just my two cents. You can find a better place. The Cajun food I get in South Texas was better, sadly. Maybe it was an off night.By far the best gumbo in New Orleans! 
Walked right in and was seated in less than 5 minutes. After I was seated my waitress walked over with water and took my order. Food was out in less than 10 mins! Ordered the spicy gumbo and it was to die for! Next time I'm in town I will definitely return!!!!!Awesome for breakfast can't say enough good things about our server Daisy she was outstanding.We were there for breakfast around 4:30 in the morning. Since they are a 24 hour place, you can get whatever you want even at that time. The gumbo has a little heat and is some of the best I have had. The shrimp po boy was full of shrimp and seasoned well. The service was good, but not great. The prices were reasonable especially in the Quarter. It was a little on the dirty side but they were changing shifts at the time we were there.Had the spicy gumbo. Wasn't too spicy at all to my dismay. No gumbo file either, looked at me like I was the first to ever ask for it. Everyone else in my party enjoyed the food. Got a small pizza to go for the wife, we both liked it.I think faster service would be nice but you cannot force perfection in a touristy area.Waited outside to be seated and took forever to get a server. Restaurant was not even busy. Managers excuse was , that there was only one server on the clock and she took no initiative to ask if we wanted a drink while we waited for our server. POINTERS- Keep a full staff, especially during MARDIGRA season, I understand things happen and staff members come and go, but when needed step up your manager game and be hands on, at least with customers.Great Value, Big Portions, Yum!
We were tired, hungry and SO glad we stopped in. Service was fast and the portions were HUGE! We ordered the chicken po'boy (1 each) and we probably could have split one! (but we didn't... that tends to happen when the food is awesome) It was stuffed with meat, stringly gooey cheese, and fresh toppings. 
Lunchtime WIN!Slow service, slow kitchen, mediocre food. Don't bother. Although great for suburban tourists.Great food for the price. Large portions, straightforward. We had breakfast which was quickly prepared and hit the spot. Great place to go  if you have been out all night & looking for a quick bite.New Orleans hidden treasure! We found this little spot at 2am off the beaten path. Quiet little place where the waitresses were tshirts and jeans and the music is soulful. 
We decided on 1/2 dozen raw oysters for $6, cup of gumbo, Bottomless Bloody Mary and the waitress was kind enough to give us a free sample of crawfish. Instead of a sample, the cook provided us with a lot more and we were grateful. Although the crawfish was a bit on the small side, it had big flavor. The Bloody Mary...on the other hand...was um....a bit much. It came in this huge glass with about 12 olives, 4 pickled okra, 2 slices of lime, a slice of lemon, 3 huge celery stalks and it was spicy as hell. Ugh...upset stomach. And there were free refills of it...ugh. The gumbo was amazing...great flavor...rice at the bottom..everything a cup of gumbo should be and more. The raw oysters were very fresh and tasted great.
Our total bill was about 27 bucks...so if you are looking for a cheap meal away from the Bourbon Street circus...go to Daisy Dukes.Good inexpensive food any time of the day.  The staff is native New Orleans and treats you like family from the time you sit down. I recommend it to anyone especially since they're open 24/7. 
Hidden gem for breakfast!This place was recommended by locals so we thought we'd give it a try. The bottomless Bloody Mary was good and everyone else enjoyed their étouffée and spicy shrimp.  I had the gumbo and, actually, got sick. My dish arrived barely luke warm. It tasted okay but certainly wasn't good enough to make me devour the food. Our server was quite nice but I really will never return to Daisy Dukes for food when I visit New Orleans again. I'd rather go to Coop's or Acme.The food was awful... I was expecting comfort food and got bland barely warm crap. You don't cut up some processed sausage patties dump it on bland gravy and call it "country style sausage gravy". My husbands chicken fried steak was cold and again it was all bland... don't waste your time or money on this place.Don't miss the Cajun Omelette and make sure you get their bottomless Bloody Mary that's comes with a crawfish garnishment.Daisy Dukes was a good breakfast place. 
It's not your fancy restaurant but the food is really good. Plus it's not expensive  at all.Had me a veggie omelette with a bloddy Mary to start my day right. It came with a cup of fruit. I never had a bloddy Mary before and it wasn't my cup of tea. But it looked really nice and they gave me a refill to go. Nice relaxed atmosphere with soft background music. They have a 2 eggs special for less than $5.Daisy Dukes is great! While I have only checked out this place after hours, our group made nightly voyages to this 24-hour establishment for drinks to anyone thirsty, delicious food for anyone hungry (try the gumbo--it's incredible!), and a relaxing place to chill. The staff is also friendly and fun to hang with. I'd definitely visit again.I was with a group of friends wondering around for late late night food, when a local suggested daisy dukes. It was perfect drunk food with breakfast options and classic New Orleans food! Definitely bookmarked this place for next time.Went specifically for the wings, and boy were thy a let down! We ordered the lemon pepper and spicy garlic wings. First off, they should have put a small price of foil in the to go container so that the two flavors wouldn't mix, but nope. The chicken itself was unseasoned and the wings were fried really hard. The service was not the best, but it wasn't the worst either. If you want some real good fried chicken in NOLA, skip Daisy Dukes and head over to Willie Mae's Scotch House.Horrible service and poor management. Very rude when asked to split the bill between couples. Instead the manager told us we needed to figure it out, even after the waiter did it for us the previous day. Didn't have any crawfish although it's in season. The manager asked if we wanted the homemade dessert. We asked how it was...he said it's f****** good. Not recommended, plenty other places with great food and service. Pier 424 on bourbon blows this place away!I know a lot of people like this place and I did at one point, After future visits Ive changed my mind. Being a CA girl Ive learned I'm used to fast things and every where in NO is SLLLLLOWWW! This place takes the cake for slow service. On top of that the last time I was there I had to wait for the waitress to tell her "baby daddy jail lock up story" to the table behind us with some guy hitting on her. Then she tells him "if he cant pay her bills he cant have a phone number"...EEEWWWWEEEE hunny, class set sail far from that ship. Next she mentions my daughters race and ASSumes we are similar and best friends because we both share biracial children. Riggggghhht. I don't get it? Many of the waitresses in there were lacking the same common sense as the one I was stuck with and cared to gossip more than service their tip paying customers. I was not overly impressed by the food and my gumbo tasted like Chili. I come to NO for the real deal, not some knock of scared version of what it should taste like. Only plus is there open into the weeee hours...but its not like your getting your food until the mid next day anyhow.Like a lot of other folks, we came here when the line for Jimmy J's was just too long. This line was moving much quicker and our party of 7 was soon seated. 
Now the menu was not nearly as interesting as the menu for Jimmy J's, but they do have your standard breakfast fare. Food came out promptly and was pretty average. Prices were reasonable. I think the groups favorite part was the bottomless bloody Mary's. 
Not a bad place to go if you are looking for something quick and traditional. I was the only one of the group looking for something a little more unique, and do regret that we didn't just wait for Jimmy J's.Very selective service. My waitress didn't want to be there, neither did the manager, from other reviews it seems they prefer locals. As a person in the restaurant industry I was shocked it was like something you only hear about, it literally blew my mind how bad the service was. If you had a good experience I'm so happy for you because I really wish I did. I just downloaded Yelp today just so I can share this horrible experience so if you are from out of town I advise you to avoid this placeWalking around and saw this spot, so in we go. Pretty small place with lots of art on the walls and you can purchase them. By the time we left, the line was long  outside.  Onto the food...the server was super nice, I never had half a cup of coffee before it was refilled. I got the alligator sausage omelet with a biscuit and hash browns. I was pleased with how much sausage came in the omelet. Fluffy eggs and tomatoes over the top of the omelet. I would recommend this place for breakfast. The service was awesome and the food real good. Don't be put off with the line outsidePerfect place to stop in for breakfast after a long night of mardi gras fun. The spicy bloody mary is amazing. The service is something to be patient about because they are usually packed. However, the wait is worth it. Relax...you are in New Orleans.The food tasted good and the prices were very reasonable.  The interior wasn't the best and that why it's a 4 star.  If you want a good breakfast and cheap. Go thereMy 8 year old daughter said, "I thought Daisy Dukes has the best pancakes I've ever tasted, but don't forget the Eggs and Bacon. I couldn't believe my tongue. I couldn't even try to speak it was just to die for. Go and see for yourself, I'm sure you'll like it and enjoy your time."It is open 24 hours, that's about the only reason to go there... the food is nasty, the service, happens only after the staff serves their friends special dished not available to the public....Next to Marriott Hotel 555. Just outside of the rear entrance. Kinda divey but great for a fast Burger and drinks. Two burgers, soup, a martini, soda and fries $31. The burgers were big and good, the gumbo was the best and if you like spicy the very best! Went back for the early bird breakfast which was eggs, bacon, toast, home fries $3. Both meals were good and for the price ....terrific open 24/7. Don't let the look of the place stop you. $3 for breakfast you can always get up and leave.I go here at least twice everytime I visit NOLA.  The crawfish etoufee and alligator sausage is some of the best I've ever had.  The atmosphere is very divey but the food is quick and portions are generous.  I'd recommend this place to anyone seeking authentic cajun food.
A huge plus to this place is it's open 24 hrs which is amazing if you're a night owl like me!Got the shrimp basket which said it was served with cajun fries.  It was a ton of shrimp on a platter (good if you like large portions) and the fries were regular old not good fries -- nothinbg cajun about them.  Service was not very friendly -- but the food did come quickly.  Got so sick from the food I was ill for the next 24 hours.This place was highly recommended by hotel staff at our recent visit to New Orleans. We were impressed that they delivered although we did not use the service. 
The food was real good...we had breakfast after 1 PM which was great for us since we were on vacation. The service was so-so. The waitress greeted us and took our drink order. A second person deliver the drinks. The first waitress took our food order and a second person deliver the food. Overall the experience was better than average. 
It was good enough for us to return later that night for a late dinner.OPEN 24 HOURS!! This is the place to eat breakfast and get it like you want it. You want your eggs from midnight to 10 am, This Is the place!! 
I have eaten their breakfast since 2012, maybe 20 times.Went for breakfast and it was very good.  I would classify this restaurant as a dive, but with good food.  The prices were very reasonable, especially with a restaurant.com gift certificate.  The only complaint I had was that the coffee was a little expensive at $2.50.  I am from NY and coffee there is about $1.00, but still a good place.  Go to Daisy Dukes you won't be upset.small local spot w awesome food!!! Nothing fancy but the food and service are terrificGreat little nook in the crevice of New Orleans busy downtown area. Nothing huge very personal and friendly service. The staff are very welcoming and I got turned on to two new things, Alligator sausage and pooched eggs. The price was decent..they gave us that true New Orleans feel. Kinda wished the waitress outfits reflected the name.. "Daisy Dukes"Your money is better spent anywhere else in the quarter. Not worth the 30 minute wait in the sweltering hot doorway.Truth - I only came here for the unlimited bloody mary. 
The first time  - I ordered take out. They couldn't/wouldn't deliver alcohol to my hotel (bummer). Anyhow, ordered breakfast which was way too salty and tasted horrible. Which was a shock -- since being in NOLA this was the first time my food wasn't mind blowingly good. 
The Second time - I was really craving a bloody mary and so I cave and tried it again. The service wasn't that great. Clearly our waitor did not care very much about us ... ordered a sausage and a shrimp poboy. Both were pretty good.Service was okay... Price would have been reasonable until I received the starter dish "crab cakes w/two fried green tomatoes." The crab cakes were small, slightly warm (Almost room temperature and it was at least 40 degrees outside) and whatever unidentifiable seafood inside of the shaped appearance of a hockey puck was very smelly. That was sent back and replaced with room temperature gumbo W/white rice & a well-baked biscuit. Spicy Poboy Sausage sandwich was well seasoned & Cooked On a fresh crusted roll (delicious) that taste very similar to their alligator spicy sandwich. I definitely wouldn't recommend this restaurant to the next tourist... unless only place open selling food and you needed out of the rain (yes it was raining & my birthday). Subway is across the street may have been better for that time of hourShould have known this off canal place was going to be terrible the moment I walked in. Service was non-existent. The fried shrimp looked like they were frozen and shipped from China, i.e. they were tiny. It's the type you might expect to see on a crappy poboy but not in a platter. 
Wouldn't have gone if I wasn't dragged in, but since I was I feel compelled to warn others. If you don't care about taste, atmosphere, or service, then Daisy Dukes is for you.We ate here this morning before the parades in the French quarter... Man, I'm glad we stopped here because the cajun omelet was awesome! it was big and came with a hefty serving of hash browns and a biscuit. My wife had the Greek omelet and my kids had pancakes which were great! (I had to sneak a bite or two here and there from them) I also took them up on the bottomless bloody Mary... This thing has a good amount of kick and a whole lot of flavor.  They also appear to have paintings of local artist on the walls which I thought added a good amount of character. The manager that was there was friendly and came by to check on us before we left. I think his name was Alex or Alec? Service was  good.. Greeted by a hostess at the door and our sever Julie was friendly and checked on us for refills. We well be back next weekend before the parades and I will update my review..Reasonable prices, the ability to order easily ala carte and convenient location. Only complaint was the coffee: weak. I had the biscuits and gravy and the bicuits were really light and fluffy.