The waiter ignored me first and then served sausage in the soup while I don't pork... I ordered beans but wasn't informed that there is mean in it. I don't plan to go there again.I couldn't wait to try this place. I had heard so many good things about it. Unfortunately, the place did NOT live up to the hype. I'll be honest, even if I hadn't heard anything about it beforehand, my opinion would be the same. I was greeted by an absent-faced server whose face only changed to a puzzled look each time I asked a question. I was a little suspicious because the place smelled stale and salty and there was NOBODY in there but a drunk couple at the bar. It was dimly lit and sports news was on both tv screens. The table layout is cold and uninviting. 
I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was pretty excited to dig into it as it looked pretty appetizing, but that was fast lived. The waffles were chewy and warm. Thankfully the butter was already out on the table warm, soft, unrefrigerated, or it would not have been spread well. There was a handful of syrup containers on top of it all. It's my first chicken and waffles experience so I'm not sure if that's the standard, but it was a little off-putting knowing someone's hands had been all in that container of syrups and they were thrown directly on the food.  
Still, I thought I'd have an open mind as it smelled pretty damn good. First bites of the chicken were great! Nice and crisp when you bite into it. The waffles were dusted nicely with powdered sugar. Unfortunately, about half-way into the first piece of chicken I noticed it wasn't fully cooked. In fact it was pretty darn pink. I think it might have been a wet-batter because it still had that sort of freshly dipped smell and appearance. I stopped a guy worker who was walking by carrying a shipment and told him that the chicken was undercooked. He said it is the same time every time- in other words, the chicken is on a timer. 
Perhaps it's a total fluke, just one piece of chicken undercooked, I mean, it's a thigh, it happens right? I pulled apart the two other pieces (legs) and they looked pretty good, so I told him those were fine and he offered to make me another one. I continued to eat and noticed the seasoning was really uneven. I got a full mouthful of what I think was file' and it got worse from there. As I got closer to the bone I noticed they were both undercooked. I was busy watching the tv and failed to notice that I had been eating undercooked chicken! UGH. I told the server about it and that the guy told me he was making me another piece. I told her to tell him not to bother, that I was not interested in any more undercooked chicken. I also asked if she could please bring it to the attention of the manager. Not once did she apologize or ask how she could make it right. I had also ordered a side salad. It comes with lettuce, shredded cheese, onions, and tomatoes. It was fresh, but the cheese looked like it had been sitting out. It was clumped together in sections. When I said I didn't want the other chicken she took my salad away and came back with the check! I paid the bill and asked about my salad. She said OH did you want me to wrap that up for you? I said yes, but when I got outside it occurred to me that the container (It comes in a foam container) was probably in the trash and pulled back out to send it with me. Anyway...After I paid, I looked at the way it's priced out. It is a 3-piece chicken and biscuit meal with the a side of waffles for $4.50. I might not have a problem with the breakdown, but if you're gonna charge me for a 3-piece meal that should come with 3 pieces of chicken, a biscuit and a side, I better get that, not just chicken and waffles! I was too tired to say anything. I was too busy worrying if I might get sick. I'm writing this from bed hoping that is not going to be the case. If you are on the fence about this place, jump off fast and run the other way! For $20 I could have had a great a steak dinner down the street! Seriously though, RUN!I ordered take out. Biscuit was so stale I could not eat it. Not worth the calories. Very disappointing.Absolutely amazing experience thankful I found this restaurant whol visiting New Orleans.  All day breakfast is what lead me here sometime in the afternoon. The staff was great especially my waitress Areion C. She recommended the chicken and waffles after answering all my questions. It was a great choice! The waffles were delicious and the chicken strips were perfect, by far one of the best chicken and waffles I've had so far. Overall i had a great experience.We ordered chicken wings (lemon pepper and teriyaki sauce) and shrimp po Boy. My son ordered traditional breakfast with sausage and extra pancakes.
The breakfast was excellent, according to my son.
But my shrimp po-Boy was very salty. My husband's lemon pepper chicken wings were like lemon and salt chicken wings - again very salty. I would give it two star but because my son's breakfast was said to good, I am giving it 3 stars.Apathetic employee tells us to sit anywhere at 10:00 a.m.  Drink order was quick. Restaurant looks kind of cute with typical New Orleans colors or gold, purple & green. We order chicken & waffles and alligator omelet. 10 minutes later food arrives. Fried Chicken in 10 minutes?? Hmmmmm. Yes, as I suspected, reheated chicken. Tasted like old oil, cold in center. The 2 strips of bacon ordered additionally for chicken & waffles was the microwaved flimsy, see through bacon that no self respecting restaurant should be serving. Waffle rubber, hash browns in a POOL of oil. Even the jelly for the toast was old. So disappointing. I will wait for good food. $32 for reheated/ microwaved...nope. So many better choices in NOLA.It's was ok they were struggling it was the weekend of essence fest and they were out of everything which was disappointing how do you not be prepared this festival is 25 years in the making. This is a known tourist attraction. The biscuit was supper dry even with the gravy. I don't know if I would go back again I think I would pass. The servers were very friendly and it wasn't to pricy.  I has the sausage biscuit and gravy.Chicken and waffles were solid. Good atmosphere for a get up and go place as it is new and zippy. 
Service was on pointI wish that I could give it less than a 1 star. I ordered the fried chicken and it seemed like it had been sitting out for hours and they refried it. The biscuit they served was hard and cold like it came straight out of some sort of prepackaged box. The whole experience was not worth it at all. I will never go back there again!Malik was our waiter & he was amazing. Was so friendly, helpful, and kind. Also, I was so cold & he offered me his sweater to help me stay warm. Very good waiterFor a big party we got seated right away. It's a little bit of a wait but that's because they make your order fresh. Southern hospitality is tops. Our server Santiago took very good care of us. Top notch serverOrdered Fried Chicken and fries, both tasted as if they had been sitting a long time, maybe precooked and sitting under heat lamps for a very long time. Chicken extremely dry and fries soggy and full of grease.Don do it. Basic food in a tourist area! Seriously u will be mad. It's not nasty but not worth paying for. Waiter was all over the place and didn't follow up with our concerns. They definitely serve frozen food here. No resturant should compromise the quality of ingredients. The cheese in our omelets we barely melted! The Group next us looked like they had a bad McMuffin! Too many great places to eat here.Went there for breakfast had the best fried chicken ever. Tired several other places for chicken they were our favorite.Great find, especially for breakfast. Priced decently, the Bloody Mary is just right. The seafood omelet is delicious and the restaurant is clean. Actually, the restrooms are very clean! This is a great place to start your morning before hitting the ground running. I did not order the fried chicken and waffles but it definitely is a good looking plate to share (that's coming from someone who can easily eat a triple meat cheeseburger).Great place to grab some breakfast food near the CBD which is perfect for us. I had an omelet and some grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce, which was not on the menu but they were more than happy to accommodate my request when I realized that the menu was limited due to the large event taking place in the city at the time. We enjoyed and will certainly be back.I've been away from the South for three years, so I was craving Southern comfort food. Four of my co workers and I decided to walk over from our hotel across the street and try the local fare. The food was awesome and our server, Judit (hope I got the spelling right) was just as awesome! God, I miss Southern hospitality!
I ordered the chicken and waffles, which is one of my go-to confort dishes. And it was amazing! I am definitely coming back!Food was good and the Hurricane is the best! Judit is awesome server! Definitely will coming back!Cute restaurant. Love the grits! Gumbo is yummy. Fast and friendly service.  Atmosphere is good. Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.Mary was our server for a large group. She handled our orders quickly without any mistakes. Pleasant personality too!Stumbled upon this gem!  Not too busy, great service, clean bathroom. 
I had omelette and hubby had traditional eggs breakfast. Sooo good! Mimosas are 2 for 1. Would definitely recommend!  Best breakfast I had during my long weekend in Nola!I live close to Daisy Mae's and this is my first time checking it out. It's a great late night option and the food comes out fairly quickly. The chicken and waffles are a great choice, as well as the Cajun omelette with hot sausage. It's a little busier during the day but I'm sure it's worth the wait! Great service and Malik is a gem! He made sure we were well taken care of despite how late at night it was!Got one star because I couldnt give them any less.. where do I begin.. service was terrible from sitting to wait staff. We walk in host asked if we wanted to sit at bar. After saying no she clear seats at the bar. So i politely ask her for a table she tells me she has to clean one off, fine. After cleaning table she seats the couple behind me at said table. So now I'm just standing around for 10 waiting on another table. After sitting ordered water and  a bloody mary which was not good at all. Claim to be worlds best.. more like worlds worst.. then my biscuits and gravy tasted like just flour no seasoning... wasnt able to even finish it. Not to mention never even recieved waters at the table.... I would not recommend this place to no oneFirst stop in New Orleans. First food stop. Worst experience. Only 2 people on the wait staff. Food was delivered, omelet, po boy and chicken and waffles.  The chicken  was pink in the middle. At first I thought is was the seasoning but it was not. The waffle was great. The service was horrible. We asked for refills, ten minutes later we asked for refills again.  He finally dropped off  two drinks at the table with the check. They were not our drinks. Tried to flag him down to get the right drinks. He just dropped of another check.  Still no drinks.  Finally gave up.Came here from Cali had lunch with my family and we all had a great time everyone was nice and serve was good. Mind you it was Mardi Gras weekend so you know they was stupid busy but did a great job with customer service. I had the chicken and waffles. Chicken was so bomb omg waffle could of been hot. They had they own hot sauce bomb had to buy a couple of bottles to take home. My cousins had the shrimp and grits and they enjoyed them. But overall I'll be back before I leave~Came here for a late brunch because it was right by our hotel, and we made the fight choice! Ruby Ann was attentive and friendly. Sometimes when a restaurant is quiet and nearly empty I find that things slow down because theres no need to hustle, but we never had to wait long for anything. The food was amazing! Fried chicken and waffles is popping up on menus all over the country but you really need to eat it somewhere like this to enjoy it properly. Really good value too! There was way more food in the plate than I was expecting for the price. I actually couldn't finish all of it but i really wanted to! I will definitely be back here next time I'm in New OrleansSeriously solid casual Cajun
Went there with a party of 12 people on the last Saturday of Mardi  gras, and had a great meal. Lots of gumbo, gator, pop boys, and some seriously good homemade sausage.. Prices are right, and service was good as wellStopped in for breakfast during our trip to New Orleans. This was by far my favorite place to eat during our visit. The southern fried chicken is EXCELLENT! It has a great seasoning with a slight kick to it. The waffles were nice and fluffy, the bacon also very tasty. The biscuits and gravy were good. The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean. Prices reasonable. If you're ever in New Orleans, make sure to stop in at Daisy Mae's, you won't be disappointed.Malik gave us great service late at night. Amazing chicken and hot wings that were served quick! Would come here again!This place was across from our Hotel so we ate here in the way out if town. We had such a great experience. Great service and great food. Shrimp & Gritz was amazing.Our group tried this place for breakfast. I had the seafood omelette and it was good although I did not like the tiny shrimp.  The grits were overdone. The biscuit was good.  My wife had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was tasty although a little overdone.  The waffle was good too. The chicken and waffles are also overpriced at $15.The food was good overall. I had the alligator sausage po boy with gumbo and collard greens. The only reason I'm not going with 5 stars is because the menu stated the gumbo was chicken, sausage and shrimp. However, I only had about two very small pieces (like diced pieces) of sausage in my serving, no chicken or shrimp. I didn't have the fried chicken but from what I saw on other plates the portions were VERY generous.The Bloody Mary was really good, however I wasn't a huge fan of the breakfast. I'm sure the lunch menu would've been a better choice!This is a good place and it's open 24 hours. The reason for three starts is because in New Orleans the bar is very high for good foodOne of the best chicken waffle I ever have! Very nice service, my server Ruby Ann know that we are in hurry, she give us the bill earlier to save us time , very considering ! 5 stars !Great food, service, and prices! I ordered the fried chicken & waffles. My husband ordered the fried chicken & biscuits. The fried chicken was crispy and flavorful. Waffles and biscuits were fluffy, and delicious. We both polished our plates!Amazing place - staying at the Hyatt and went there for breakfast.  We had chicken and waffles, a breakfast sandwich & a Benedict.  Best fried chicken I've had in a long while.  Perfectly cooked, juicy & great flavor.  The waffle was light and fluffy.  Biscuits were great and sauces and bacon were cooked to perfection.  Attentive wait staff as well.  Would definitely recommend a stop here.  You won't leave hungry!Great service - Our server Daisha was the best..she was super friendly and sweet. She was always checking on us and working hard...THE FOOD is super fresh and taste incredible.. Highly recommend you dine here if in New OrleansGot seated right away. Coffee was delivered and we ordered  ONE HOUR AND TEN MINUTES later we still hadn't received our breakfast so we walked out. I asked our waitress several times to check our order. Nada.They do delivery even late nights. Best Alligator Po boy in the area. Fried chicken is great. Portions are decently big. Food is Cheap too.Stopped here before heading to the Mercedes Benz super dome for a Georgia Baylor game so we were expecting it to be a little packed out since it's super close to the dome. Walked in and it was pretty packed out so that was a good sign for us thinking it could be a good spot. We were seated after about 5 mins, ordered some beer and got to ordering our food. We wanted to split most of the things we ordered just so we didn't over eat before sitting in the game for 3 hours. We ordered the grilled alligator po boy and wings to start. The grilled alligator po boy was absolutely delicious, we ordered their spiciest wings...we wish they were a bit spicier but they were still good. After we finished that we decided to order a bowl of gumbo, which was pretty good. My brother wasn't a big fan of it but I thought it was good. The reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because we had to ask 3 people get us hot sauce when there were more than enough people working. But overall the food was good.I ordered the chicken and waffles for delivery and everything came out ok. The food was still hot when I received it. The chicken was the perfect crunch. When I bit into it the flavors burst in my mouth. Just wish the waffles were a little more crisp but overall it was goodThe food was very good, my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and I got an egg white omelette. They were both delicious. The server Mary B was super sweet, and very welcoming.Great service, waitress came up, took all of our orders and got it 100% right. Came out hot and good tasting. I would go back next time in New Orleans.We ordered the Shrimp and Grits one of my favorite meals and it was delicious, my husband ordered the chicken and waffles ; the chicken are actual pieces of chicken not wing parts, freshly fried yum. Daisha is our server and at 3AM she's friendly and attentive!!!!!!!The food and BOGO drinks are an AMAZING way to kick off your day! We stayed in NOLA for five days and ended up visiting Daisy Mae's twice for breakfast. Hearty comfort food and strong drinks - a perfect combo!Extremely nice and fast service! Had an omelet and it was cooked just the way I wanted, and it tasted great.Their fried chicken was OK but underseasoned. their shrimp Po boy I just expected more. like it was only, bread  tomat, lettuce and shrimp. Fries were too seasoned. But very friendly staff!Our first time vacationing in New Orleans. Wanted a quick bite to eat near our hotel and found this place. It was delicious!! pancakes and waffles so fluffy and the fried chicken had a little kick pairs perfect with sweetness of waffles. I wish they had this place in New Jersey.Great family friendly place to get a quick, delicious meal. Judith was very helpful and polite, always checking on us.Lord if I could talk about a restaurant sent from heaven I would talk all day about this place!!! The location on point it walking distance from the hotel I stayed in....the atmosphere is cajun and cute and the food!!!! THE FOOD! Hands down perfect! I will be back to NOLA just to eat there againI was trying to decide between three stars or four and went with three just because the fried chicken was delicious, hit, fresh, and super crunchy but everything else was nothing special AT ALL. 
Funny thing is we went for the chicken, great reviews on yelp for the chicken, and as soon as we walk in a lady is leaving out and tells us "Do Not Order The Chicken". Yea, glad we didn't listen there.
We ordered the chicken and greens with red beans and rice and gumbo. The waiter came back and said they didn't have greens available, so we went with fries. We also ordered a bloody mary because we wanted to try it (never had it before) and this place was voted best bloody mary 4 years in a row!
After having it, its not for me (definitely an aquired taste). The rice and beans was okay, and my husband said the gumbo was good. The chicken came out with the fries and the fries were cold.Hya was our server, she was super friendly and very attentive. I had the gumbo and it was pretty good. We got our food brought to the table very quickly.Damn good chicken and bloody Mary's! Santiago gave us our bloody marys to go after our meal to help us get the day started.We are here visiting Nola and the food is excellent and our server Merry is very accommodating and very helpful in our menu very friendly as well. Good to have this lady in the restaurant. Very nice place to eat.Chicken was extremely salty and I don't believe the grease that the chicken was fried in was fresh maybe a week or two old. Red beans tasted like they were from a can or very old and  sour. I will never go back.BACK TO THE CHICKEN 
So...yes, I Google Searched, The Best Fried Chicken In New Orleans," and this place with a few others came up. 
Now Reviewer listen...I'm a Foodie (you see what my name reads), so I was a little nervous cause' I'm serious about my FOOD and my MONEY. Don't ask if I read the reviews on YELP....of course I did, but no one made me rush there like I'm about to make you (yassssssss...make you)!!! BUT...You have to read the entire review...Here it is:
I walked to this place from the condo I rented during my stay in NOLA and it took less than five minutes to get there (TMI----I KNOW....back to the CHICKEN). I got there and not only was I greeted but the waitress was polite...Excellent Customer Service always makes it better for me. I looked over the menu and was excited to order. I called the waitress over and said, "This order is To-Go," and ordered the Breast & Wing dinner with fries and a biscuit for less than $10 (clapping cause vacationing could be expensive). The waitress described the many sauces they had, cause' I love a good sauce ;) She explained what  the "Duke Special Sauce," was and I replied, "Say less. I want that!" She rushed to the back (their chicken is made to order) and 15-20 minutes she came back with the food in her hand...I paid, I tipped and I dipped.
I then went back to the condo and set up my table for "One" cause' everyone knows I don't want to bothered while trying a meal for the first time...I should get a sign that says, TABLE FOR ONE CAUSE' IM CONVERSING WITH MY MEAL™. Anyways, I turned on something good to watch, washed my hands and sat down smiling. I knew it was gonna be good, cause' the aroma that was escaping the bag during my walk made my eyes close. If that has never happened to you, you haven't lived in a food utopia for one second. BACK TO THE CHICKEN:
I opened the bag then the platter and started dancing in my seat. My eyes examined the platter while I rubbed my feet together. I picked up the perfectly fried chicken and took a bite to get hit in the eye!!!!!!! Yes, the juices got me. However, that wasn't the only thing that got me...the crispness was all that I hoped for (raises hands). I then dunked a piece of chicken in the Dukes Special Sauce and started singing. I was about to grab my phone and take a picture, but the thought that I'd have to step away from the platter and wash my hands again...NOPE, wasn't happening, so I kept eating lol The next bite, I got up and cha-cha'd around the chair (not the table; it would've taken too long to get back to the chicken). I finished after a while of savoring the flavors and couldn't believe I didn't take a sip of my water during this at any time. Now that's good eating :) I only drink water and teas...So, if I had a freshly brewed cold ice tea with this meal, someone would've called the cops cause' I'd still be singing.
I'm glad I choose this place and ordered To-Go cause' I wouldn't have held back the singing, foot rubbing, hand waving and getting up to walk around the chair to cha-cha slide. If I would've dined out, I may have screamed, "Thank you to All and to All a Good Night," like I was Santa Claus leaving the place...SMH cause' how good the food was.
Moral of the Review: If you visit New Orleans, please stop by this place for a great overall experience.
Until my next Junkie fix....Chicken and waffles were great! Seasoning on the chicken was perfect and the waffles weren't overly sweet. My husband had the Aligator Omelette and I was tempted to order that too so I could take it to go. Some of the staff were ok but I would still come here again. Defiantly would recommend to others.We happened upon this place on our way through dojng touristy stuff.  Hands down, the best fried chicken we have ever had.  Amazing shrimp and grits, and bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's.  Excellent service.  Would HIGHLY recommend!!!!We literally just picked up our food and went straight our Air BnB. Upon opening the bag we discover that our pancake order came with no syrup. My brother has to drive 5 minutes (while losing a parking space in the CBS) to a store and BUY syrup. We also discovered that our seafood omelette came with no shrimp. When calling back to simply update the restaurant, the young lady tells us repeatedly, "he said he put the shrimp on there". I try to inform her that we received the shrimp we requested to be added to the veggie omelette but not the shrimp that should have come with the seafood omelette. After frustratingly going back and forth repeating the same thing, we hung up.The fried chicken was the best I've ever had. The skin was crispy with a touch of spice. The meat tender and juicy. The potato salad was tasty. The biscuits were warm, soft and flaky. I cleaned my plate very quickly. Our waitress Judit was pleasant, helpful and attentive. She wanted to make sure our dining experience was positive and it was fabulous. If you are in the New Orleans area this is a must try.The food was mediocre and the service was pretty bad. While the server was friendly, we had to ask three times before they brought out water to a person in our party they forgot about. And when the bill came they charged us for extra items we didn't order. When we brought it to their attention they took the bill back and took off two of the extra items they charged but still has two items we didn't order (yes they added 4 things to the bill that were not ordered) and we had to tell them yet again. He fixed it but was unapologetic. Don't plan on coming back to this place bc of the food alone but even if it was good, the bill fiasco left a bad taste in my mouth.No better southern fried chicken. Such a great atmosphere. Having the southern charm no chain can replicate. The food is freshly prepared and served with southern hospitality. I dream of coming back to eat. 
Only con was they do not accept Apple Pay. It has the Apple Pay on the door with credit card acceptance. On the Yelp app and Apple map it states accepts Apple Pay. When I asked the waitress she said they do not. When walking out I noticed the sticker on the glass door, I went back and showed the waitress. She stated well we don't. They do have apple pads to put in their orders. It wasn't a big deal we had our debit cards and cash with us. I just have only had my phone sometimes and don't want anyone else stuck with a bill.The food was pretty good. The chicken was piping hot when it came out. The only reason I wouldn't give this place a 5 is because their drinks are kinda pricy.Horrible service 
Horrible food quality 
Horrible personality 
Everything is shady here 
They are one time business plans for the market 
Don't order with them 
You will be really disappointed 
No no no no 
It's horrible horrible horrible 
They can do with business with trash customer base can't be classyWe stayed at Le Pavillion hotel, which is right across the street, so we ended up eating here twice during our trip. The fried chicken was great and the portions were enormous and the price was right. Thanks to our servers, Daisha and Areion for taking care of us! Both young ladies were very polite and our food came out quickly.Holy chicken and waffles Batman. I've been searching for a quintessential southern dish since we arrived 4 days ago and everywhere else just didn't deliver. The subtle warm spice in the crispy chicken batter and the cinnamony waffles were a perfect combo. Thanks Rebecca for the great recommendation. I'll be dreaming of this dish when we're back up north.Pretty good burger and catfish dinner but, the service sucked, and got some of my order wrong. My sister hated her gumbo, and the lemonade was weak. Our waitress didn't listen to anything and was always on the go. Another waiter avoided us after a small request for salt packets. We had a party of 3 and our waitress put us on the spot to allow a stranger to sit with us after not wanting to sit at the bar. She asked us directly in front of him. We didn't mind but, DAMN, she could've asked us in privacy so, we can decline. We were on a ladies trip and he was a single man on business, nice but, we'd rather have him sit elsewhere. I'm sure he was not that amused by our cackling and silly conversation. However, I don't think we will return.The service was great! Our waitress was awesome. I stopped by after getting off a cruise and was desperate for some NOLA flavor the gumbo and wings did not disappoint! However I did order the shrimp and grits and let's just say it was a true let down after that gumbo. I spent most of the time adding salt because it was extremely bland and tasted like nothing. No flavor no seasoning no spice just plain ole nothing. There was no sausage, no cheese, the shrimp didn't even have a seafood salty flavor. It was a true disappointment. I'd come back again just for the gumbo and the wings.I was seated rather quickly as a party of three at the peak of brunch time. I ordered chicken and waffles. The chicken was finger licking good. But the waffles were jus okay. It was a little undercooked for me, very soft. The other two people in my party ordered catfish which they devoured. It's definitely worth visiting.What a great breakfast place.  The restaurant was full when we arrived, Santiago was our waiter.  He greeted us a let us know it would be a short wait. He offered me a coffee and my wife a bloody marry while we waited. He cleared the first available table for us and took great care of us during this visit.  We will becoming back here in large part because of Santiago, not to mention the great food Thanks SantiagoThe two stars are only because my server was a sweet woman. This is the first restaurant in New Orleans i haven't liked. The food was sub par. For a place that's known for its chicken, it was the most disappointing thing. The chicken itself was dry and tasted like yesterday's reheated leftovers. The waffle was nothing to write home about, just a regular Belgian waffle. They do give a large serving: 3 pieces of fried chicken and a whole waffle for $14. But if the chicken is dry, the quantity is hardly anything to be excited about. The atmosphere wasn't really great either. I overheard a server loudly complaining to the bartender (my server) for taking tables. It's just not professional sounding. Anyway, all in all, don't waste your money. I wish I hadn't.We liked this place so much that we went here TWICE on our trip to NOLA for Jazz Fest - it also was great that it was open 24/7, and always had tables available for us.  
Service (5/5):  Our first trip, we had Nana, who was amazing! Such a wonderful waitress! (Managment - please make sure that she sees this!!) 
Food (5/5):  GET THE FRIED CHICKEN!  Okay, it's off my chest.  This is the best friend chicken that I have ever had.  Crispy on the outside, really tender and juicy on the inside.   Whether you get it with the basket with sides or with the waffle, or with a biscuit and gravy...just get it.  Oh, and don't forget the gravy, or the $12 bottomless Blood Marys!
Oh, and split your meal with a friend..it's a ridiculous amount of food...or, plan on carrying around a doggie bag with you all night.What a great place for breakfast and more.  Full bar, award-winning bottomless Bloody Marys, and great food.
My wife and I ate here three times during our visit to New Orleans.  Twice for breakfast, and once for a late dinner.  Great omellettes, benedicts, and biscuits as good as homemade.  I loved the gator sausage.
The staff here was beyond great.  Nina, Jenn, and Merry took good care of us and kept us coming back for more.  
Did I mention the bottomless blood marys?  Ok to go?
Stellar.Another place that did not disappoint. The fried chicken had some spice and kick to it, but very juicy and good! Not quite as good as Nashville chicken, but close.Delicious fried chicken!!! Nina our server was great! BOGO Hurricanes and bottomless Bloody MarysChicken was extremely salty and I don't believe the grease that the chicken was fried in was fresh maybe a week or two old. Red beans tasted like they were from a can. I will MostGreat food. 
And the service was great by Judith. She was a great waitress. 
The chicken was delicious, but the winner was the potato salad.Good food ruined by bad service. Our waiter was very bad. He didnt even acknowledge us nor even tried to interact with us. The food took longer than the group we were with, so we were still waiting atleast 30 mins after our other group had gotten their food. 
Very disappointed! I dont understand why they hire people like this with no people service skills, especially with the napkin holders that acknowledge reviews on their waiters. Unfortunately we didnt get his name, Of course we didnt get his name because he didnt even introduce himself. Wonderful. Apart from that the chicken tasted really good, waffles were soggy, they probably just took them out since we asked where our food was.Best bottomless bloody Mary's in New Orleans! Only $12. Judit was a wonderful waitress and she was very attentive. We stumbled on this place because it was right by our hotel. The menu was good and we enjoyed the all day breakfast option. (Pancakes and omelette) Good prices. Overall great place.