Very late-travel day dinner for our small group of uninformed travelers. What a pleasant surprise.
Instead of the usual bread and butter pre-meal nosh, the geniuses at Deanie's serve perfectly cooked whole (steamed? boiled?) red potatoes! Creamy and ever so slightly spicy and very addictive!
If you are fortunate to be informed that CRAB NACHOS are on the menu that day, get them! Absolutely the best nachos of all time. Served on fresh homemade potato chips!! 'nuff said 
I wanted to try something completely new for me and had the spinach salad which is served with a generous portion of fried oysters on top. Glad I ordered it. It was a taste of the region and quite delicious. Plus, nothing that I would regret when going to bed not-so-much later.
We were lucky to be seated without a reservation (9pm-ish). Throughout the rest of our stay in NOLA, Deanie's was pretty much packed.Our first meal on our first trip to NOLA was at Deanie's. I wasn't sure what to expect, but is was a delicious quartet of fried goodness. I got the crawfish quartet, while my hubs opted for the crab quartet. My first time with crawfish, but I thought everything was great! I think next time I would do the crawfish and crawfish balls broiled tho- everything fried was a little much. Our first rodeo with soft shelled crab was interesting. Us Yankees had to ask the waiter how to eat it, but he was so sweet- no laughing (at least to our faces). The line was longish when we arrived, but they get things moving very quickly. We waited 5 min max before being seated. Would def recommend!Service wasn't pleasant. I told my server that the crawfish was really salty all she said was oh ok. Anyways I'm never coming back here overpriced and service sucks.We had a blast here. Came in for a bite to eat & ended up staying three hours. Those darn Zombies lol! The barbecue shrimp was tasty. Not the best I've had but certainly not bad at all. 
We ate at the bar where they thankfully serve a full menu as the wait can get extreme. The bartenders were all outstanding. I can recommend this place if you are looking to watch an LSU game, drink good strong NO drinks & have a fabulous time. 
Don't forget to ask for some of the complimentary spicy boiled potatoes while you're at the bar. Beats peanuts any day of the week, hands down.This place had it going on. The BBQ shrimp was great! Looks like alot of fried foods here. Not a fan of friedFresh seafood. Definitely worth the wait. The fried shrimp poboy was great packed full of deliciously prepared shrimp.  The Spinach salad topped with fried oysters was fantastic.   Friendly staff and nice ambianceI came to New Orleans for my cousin's wedding and this is the first place I ate with my family. The man who drove us from the airport to our hotel recommended it to us and I'm glad he did. It was less than a 5 minute walk from our hotel. 
You can tell this place gets packed on the regular because we waited about 25 minutes to be seated on a Thursday night. It's spaced out well and there is plenty of seating.
Service was honestly great. They are all very attentive and although it was very busy, they had so many people working that they were able to manage it well. Our server was very friendly and she came to our table at least 5 times though out our dinner. She also gave us suggestions and there is really not a single complaint I can make about her service.
Before you order, they bring these really good red potatoes that they cook in the same water they use for boiling crab and they are seasoned with the same seasoning that is used on some of the seafood. These potatoes were definitely unique from any I've had before and a cool change from having bread before a meal. 
For my meal, I ordered the combo dinner that brought charbroiled oyster, shrimp and catfish. You also have the option to have it fried, which I think would've been better but it's okay. It also comes with a plate of fries, a little coleslaw, cocktail sauce and tarter sauce. All this seafood was just what I was looking for and the meal as a whole hit the spot.
Overall, I have to give this place 4/5 stars because even though the quality of the food isn't amazing (3 or 4 stars), they make up for it with the price, quantity, and service. If you're in New Orleans and looking for a good place to stuff yourself with seafood without breaking your pocket, then come here. If I ever visit New Orleans again, I will definitely come back.Everytime i go to New Orleans i have to go here. The carrot souffle and the crab claws app if my favorite.Pretty good food. Fair price. Great lunch menu too.  
Probably best within budget and taste. Specially for family.Visiting Nola obviously meant getting deep fried seafood and boiled crawfish. 
We went during the middle of dinner service and didn't have to wait. Seeing that it was the middle of jazz festival, we thought it would be packed. 
The service was good and our waitress was pretty funny.
The fatties and I ordered gumbo, crab and corn chowder (probably one of the best I've ever had) 2 lbs of boiled crawfish and the half seafood platter. And the seasoned potatoes that they bring out before the meal really hit the spot. Although, I think I ate one too many of those potatoes. We all needed to be rolled out of there.
Clean hand freak note- they give you a bowl of HOT lemon water to clean your fingers and take away some of the crabby stink that lingers on your fingertips. Lurved that... =)Trying to give 5 Stars here!! Wait Staff Loves You Back here.
It takes too long between Order and Eating. Bar Service is the Best!! Kitchen must prioritize Bar Orders? Fairly Priced and a Great Bloody Mary!! Famous for their Fried Food and Generous Portions.It was our final stop on not being able to decide where to eat on our last day in NO for Lunch.  Our choices were Luke's for THE Burger, back to Redfish Grill for the amazing BBQ oysters (this time on a po-boy) or Deanies for the BBQ shrimp of which we watched Adam from Man vs Food THAT morning eat and drool over the shrimp. This place a has a great vibe.  Fresh, updated, clean, cold and a great escape from the nastiness of  Bourbon Street. 
I said final stop because we ate ALL of them!!!  Screw it!!  there is such little time and so many great things to eat in NO so you better eat small portions in as many places as possible because the flavors are to die for!
We sat at the bar after not obviously no being really hungry.  I was only going to order the shrimp but the flamed grilled oysters were calling me.  "eat me eat me" they said.  So I did!  Then these huge shrimp swimming in spiced herb butter came with a loaf of crispy French bread.  Not sure what was better the shrimp or dipping the bread in this buttery pan of deliciousness.  Then washed down by an ice cold Heferweisen.  Talk about how good that was.   Holy Crap was I in Heaven.
Then as two idiots would have it we walked to Café du Monde for coffee and beingets as though we didn't have enough already.  Like I said gotta get in as much as possible if the stay is short.  Later we went back to the hotel for a quickie (we were too full) and a nap before going to GW Fins for another Fantastic Meal.I ordered the seafood sampler it wasn't bad at all. First off they give really large portions so that helps when your extremely hungry. I would visit this place again but I wouldn't highly recommend it to a friend that came to visit.All I can say is 5 stars.  Just the best seafood I've ever probably had. I'd go on and on about how great it all was, but the food, the staff, the experience, was just excellent. Enough said, go eat there now!!!!!!!!A poorly thought out restaurant policy ruined what should have been a wonderful event dinner by splitting us up among multiple tables for no apparent reasonThe wait was long but was to be expected because the essence festival was in town.  The food was like THE McDonalds of New Orleans and So was the service‍Awesome!  Nice staff , clean , easy to find. We were seated right away with a smile. We got the crawfish lunch special and mate special both were awesome and large for a lunch special!  Would Definitely Go Again , No Too Bad Prices ....This Place Makes YOU Feel At HomeLove this place! No complaints, everything had flavor. We had the soup sampler with crawfish étouffée, seafood gumbo and chicken and broccoli. The platter is catfish and shrimp.Ate their tonight for about the 5th time ever. Always a NOLA go-to. It's not the best but it's always good. You'll walk away stuffed (rich food in large portions). Tonight, I went with variety and had broiled oysters on the half shell, seafood okra gumbo, and a salad with bacon and fried oysters. I am about 190 lbs and thought I was gonna explode--I was so full. It was good. My family loves their food too. A tad pricey but it's definitely a staple when we visit New Orleans. The service is amazing and the food is dependable.Yeah this surprised the heck out of me. I went in for a bit of takeout, fiending for anything from the deep blue (or brown, depending on where they're fishing). Now this next tidbit is partially my fault because I should've quality checked before I walked out of the restaurant. 
I ordered a seafood platter with a baked potato instead of fries. After getting my food back to work, I was disappointed to find no potato to speak of anywhere in the plate or bag. Again, I probably would've hightailed it back to the restaurant and made a fuss about it, but I was already half frozen and it would've taken too long without my ride taking me there. I had a good sized order of coleslaw so I wasn't too upset since I still had a side. 
Sad to say, but it doesn't get better from there. Said coleslaw was one of the worst offerings of slaw I've ever tasted. The shrimp in my platter wasn't any better and the only saving grace of this entire trip was its catfish counterpart, which was very good. What happened, Deanie's? Did I catch you during training day? I've had very good experiences in the past with both this location and the bucktown location, but this was a big letdown to my seafood-loving taste-buds.We can't move. Send help! The food was soooo good! The portions are huge. Come well rested because you will eat yourself sleepy!
Jumbo shrimp were excellent huge pile of shrimp and oysters and friendly staff!I was dying for boiled crawfish or we wouldn't have waited the hour in line. Teh food and service were good but the wait with many people sitting on a tile floor was not pleasant.Went there twice while in N.O. Had an oyster po boy, hugh split it with my wife and I ordered a plate of calamari and it was the best ever, the four of us licked the plate. Second visit I had Gumbo and another order of calamari, this thime the calamari was chewy, after we had eatin a few the cook came out with another plate full which just as good a the first time we went there, beats me how he knew but he said he didn't like the looks of the 1st plate.Heard a lot about this place but turned out to be more of a tourist destination! Nothing special about it at all. Fried seafood mixed with some Cajun items. Service was not great! Our waitress punched the order in wrong and hit the "fried" button on the Grilled Chicken Sandwich we ordered. The manager brought us our food and when he found out the order was wrong he said, "Well she punched the fried button" like it was our fault or something? When he realized we weren't going to take the item they punched in wrong and that we wanted it the way we ordered it, he quickly went back to the kitchen to start the order over. Not impressed with this place at all. Don't have to go back.I was in a hurry and this place did the trick. Got in and got out pretty quickly by eating at the bar and the service was good. Crawfish etouffee was OK but it got better after dumping a bunch of hot sauce in it.Excellent fish (blackened grouper) but watch out for the "Market Price."  I was shocked to discover my fish cost $35, nearly double what most items with listed prices cost.  Be careful!!!i. will. come. here. every. single. time. i. ever. come. to. new. orleans!!!! 
from now until the end of eternity periodWhere to start?
First the GOOD
One star is the lowest rating.
Ok Now the BAD
The restaurant was maybe half full - yet diners were kept waiting in the bar for a table to become available.
The bar service was agonizingly slow.  The drinks were big - yet very weak and sugary.
So finally to the table - it took another 20 minutes to have a waiter finally come to our table.  We asked politely twice.  Third time we asked for a manager.  Which was largely pointless.  
Waitress: "Whatcha want"....
The food is simply awful, bland and overcooked.
How this place is EVER recommended by cab drivers is beyond me.  You would get much better seafood and service at Long John Silvers at 2am on a Saturday.
I have never written a review this negative on any site.  Avoid if at all possible.If you are visiting for a short period of time, definitely stop by Deanies! After a long day of traveling for work, this was a nice way to end the day with local fare. I had a simple side salad with AMAZING sweet fig and balsamic vinaigrette (house made) , the DELICIOUS  appetizer portion (5-6 jumbo) bbq shrimp (comes with a sub size baguette) with a glass of Pinot Grigio. I'll admit the shrimps were somewhat difficult to peel but it's worth it in the end. I will definitely be back to try some of the dishes I've eyed at other tables if not get the same thing.Loved the soft shelled crab and the Bloody Mary with lots of "salad." Fantastic lunch spot!The service was great but the food was disappointing. Everything needed salt and generally lacked flavor. There are many other better places to go than this. The soft shell crab tasted like a dirty aquarium smells. The only reason they're getting two stars is because our waitress was great and our dessert was good.Good?  we went twice in three days, does that tell the story. We had the boiled pizza, the bbq shrimp and the flounder (i would pass on the flounder- just ok).  This is a touristy place, but what do you expect?  Not commanders palace so don't expect it. 
loud, busy and hustling.  Little to no wait either time.  The mounds of fried fish must be popular cause we saw lots of them leave the kitchen.  Loved the potatoes when you sit down -nice flavor and touch all at once.  a bit high priced but what in NOLA isn't? 
we did a comparision of the grilled oysters from Acme, Felix and Deanies.  Deanies comes in 3rd. Sorry.  no contest Acme wins.
Would go back in a heartbeat.  Good solid place to eat.Don't want to rag on this place, but the food was just not good at all. We  stopped in for a snack & got the calamari which was greasy & lukewarm. My boyfriend got a burger. I find it hard to believe that anyone can mess up a burger but my boyfriend, who is not a picky eater to begin said it was under par so it had to be bad. He also noted the bun was soggy. One semi-good/ interesting thing was the seasoned boiled potatoes they serve you. They were alright. Sorry Deanie's ... Not a fan.Liked the boiled potatoes but they were stone cold so the butter didn't melt on them. Server was nice. Got the gumbo and half seafood platter. I knew that soft-shell crabs were out of season so I really should have avoided it and I was correct. They were flavorless. The fried shrimp and catfish were delicious, but the oysters were fried a little too hard for me and I didn't care for the crawfish dressing balls at all. Something about the texture just didn't do it for me. Gumbo was only fair, but we actually only had one decent bowl while in the entire city. I just think my kids are spoiled with my recipe which is loaded with seafood, okra and sausage.
I would return for the fried shrimp. Also liked the tartar sauce and cole slaw. Had a huge plate of leftovers that we gave to 2 homeless gentlemen so our lunch served 4 people. Love to get my money's worth!DO NOT RECOMMEND. They are
RUDE , SEXIST, AND UNACCOMMODATING. Came in with a party of 9 and were told to "we dont have a table for yall wait over there " with a slight attitude. The place had decent reviews so that was fine. While waiting we decided to check out the "casino" which is really a corner with 3 mini slots. Came back to the waiting area and another lady approached us stating my male friend is not allowed without sleeves . This was not
told to us by the host when we walked
in. I approached the host asking where does it state that to which she replied "it doesnt say that and its a family business we can make our own rules". I pointed out ladies dining without sleeves to which she stated "it only applies to men" . I inquired as to why and she said "its a family business we can do what we want". That sounds sooooo SEXIST and DUMB . THEN We waited all that time only for them to try to seat us at separate tables. We left and went to the "Creole House" restaurant . There was barely a wait and the employees  were very nice and accommodating to our needs. This is an example of another black owned business that does not know how to properly treat their customers. If your gonna have "rules" like that invest in a sign so that u dont waste other peoples' time.Deanie's is the New Oreans equivalent to a fish farm, wher massive amounts of fried water creatures are plattered on your table to feed groups of four or more.  You can try dining alone or with one other, but you'll be taking some home.Ok those potatoes they start off DELICIOUS!!!  I would take those potatoes over bread any day!  I ordered the BBQ shrimp it was so tasty and I loved it, but be prepared to get messy...real messy!!!!  All that mess was worth it though!
The group I was with ordered 1lb of crawfish and they loved it...the waitress was even nice enough to show us how to eat them correctly!  Another one of my friends ordered the half seafood plater and it was HUGE!  The portions here are so big so go here hungry!!!
Great place, unique decor, and wonderful atmosphere!  Did I mention the service was wonderful!!!
Thanks to the waiter at Huck Finn;s for recommending this place!!So. I came in with two other people and told was an hour wait. And hour and half later, over 7 groups were seated before us. Mind you, the person seating them knew them by name and laughed and talked with them
Before seating them out of turn. I've been coming here for years and never received this type of service. Very disappointed in them tonight.We had wonderful service which was impressive since we were there just after Superbowl and Mardi Gras! BBQ Shrimp were awesome (if you don't know how to peel shrimp don't order them and complain!) My significant other had the crawfish quartet, he was very impressed with 3 of the offerings, noting that you could get the deep fried ones anywhere.We are ONLY giving this a four because it was a little expensive for our taste- but everything was delicious. This was our first stop in New Orleans. Our waiter was SO nice & helpful. We had charbroiled oysters, the crawfish étouffée, and the crawfish quartet. We got sooooo much food. It was great!!! Definitely recommend.Just arriving into New Orleans, our cab driver highly  recommended Deanies so we decided to give it a try. We were immediately impressed as soon as we walked in the door as we were promptly greeted and sat right away. Surprised by the boiled potatoes we were given to start, we enjoyed every single bite. I never thought I would rave about potatoes,  but I still cannot stop thinking about them. 
We ordered both raw and charbroiled oysters, both were equally delicious but the charbroiled oysters were by far the best I ever had. We only wished they had provided a little more bread to soak all of the remaining sauce left. We also ordered the crab au gratin, which was only disappointing because it was different than what we had expected it to be. This dish was more of a fondue than an au gratin and it definitely would have been complete with more bread or vegetables or starch to compliment it. Regardless,  it was still pretty great. 
Service was warm and friendly, efficient and well-timed. If we lived in New Orleans,  Deanies would definitely be a regular restaurant to visit for us!Really good food, great crawfish combo meal and fried seafoods.  One of our favorite places in town so far.  Redfish signature dish was great as well.  Will definitely be back.Tried Deanie's Seafood for the first time. We arrived prior to the usual dinner time so had no trouble getting in and being seated in no time.
I had the stuffed crab meal. It was well prepared, served hot and tasted like it should. It comes with french fries and cole slaw.
The other person had Etouffee which was good as well. It came with french bread and a forgettable salad.
The service was attentive but not smothering. The restaurant seemed to be clean and updated.
We were able to get the IPA beer we wanted and was pleasantly surprised to see that they have Red Gold ketchup on the tables.
Recommend it.Probably a 3 1/2.  Got seafood combo to go, see picture.  Oysters good, not great, service fair, gumbo not so great (but ample on sea food).This was my first visit to Nola and this was the first restaurant I dined at , the  hotel attendant recommended it and I most say it was delicious, I loved it, the bbq shrimp is a most have as an appetizer or main course and the half seafood platter is enough for three to share and you can taste the flavor of the food with each bite I can tell it is freshly made, our waiter was really friendly, the wait was alittle lengthy but it was sure worth it plus it was a Saturday night, this place is excellent in my book a great place for first time visitors like myself to get a quality tasting bite to eat during your stay in Nola I will definitely visit again when I return. They earned my businessTHAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN!!!!!
So I visited the restaurant after a Pelican vs Cavaliers game upon the suggestion of a friend. I hadn't heard any good or bad regarding the place so I had an open mind. We get there and the wait isnt TOO bad for a post game night. We are seated in the back with a view of the kitchen and we have SEVERAL moments before we get a server to assist us. Well our waitress comes, introduces herself, takes our drink orders and gets them. We are ready to order when she brings them back and it takes about 20 min for our food  to come out. 
During our wait, we get these boiled potatoes that were apparently boiled in the crab/shrimp water to give it a spicy cajun flavor. Well maybe our potatoes made it to the regular water because they were bland. Not to mention the dirty plates that accompanied them to the table. We had them replaced with MORE DIRTY PLATES. and just said... forget it. We dont need plates. (-_-)
When the food comes out, it looked like it would taste good. BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECEIVING. My friend ordered the catfish platter and there was ABSOLUTELY NO FLAVOR TO IT. It was fried nicely, very flaky and tasteless. NO SALT, PEPPER, CAJUN OR CREOLE SPICES, NO SEASONED BATTER. NOTHING!!! I know alot of restaurants remove seasoning due to people with blood pressure problems etc, but that was ridiculous. 
I ordered the barbecue shrimp pasta. The shrimp were big and fresh but the pasta sauce was just OK. Didnt remind me of NOLA. Maybe like Chili's. If that! 
BUT THE KICKER CAME when my friend ordered the stuffed crab. The dressing inside the crab shell was actually tasty. She's pleased. While eating her fries, she notices a piece of yellow paper. After rearranging her food, she sees its a food ticket/receipt. She signals a man over and asks if he is the manager. He says yes and asked how he could help. She says, I noticed something in my food. THIS MAN APOLOGIES AND STICK HIS DAMN HAND INTO HER PLATE TO GRAB THE RECEIPT OUT OF THE FOOD. He then reads the food ticket to confirm it was the order on our table and again apologized, removed her food from our bill and walked off. My eyes are so big at this point that I'm CERTAIN I am about to lose a contact lens. DID THAT REALLY JUST HAPPEN?  HE STUCK HIS FINGERS INTO HER PLATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
By now we were beyond over the experience and ready to leave. But it took our waitress forever to be located, let alone print our receipts and take payment. Drinks werent refilled, no courtesy check on how we where doing or if we needed anything. Just terrible. I DONT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Shouldve went to Popeyes.Why did I listen to the concierge? ARRRGGGHHH!!!! I should have known better!!! This restaurant's not even listed in our Zagat book nor did I read about it on Chowhound. I obviously came prepared for our N'Awlins Food Fest but did not even heed my own well-laid out plans!!!
Anyhoo, this restaurant's in the French Quarter - very close to ACME Oyster (review coming shortly).
Our server highly recommended her fave dish - the stuffed shrimp with crabmeat filling. I ordered it broiled but she heard fried and it came prepared this way. It tasted like fried mush. Actually, it had very little seasoning. My husband had 1/2 dozen oysters and the crab au gratin. The oysters, according to him, were bland - despite the parmesan cheese topping. The crab au gratin was just a sea of cheese and sour cream? with bits of crab. Ewwwww...
I just don't understand why some restaurants think all they have to do is fry something and it'll be tasty. NOT!You won't be let down! A little out of the way but worth the walk. Classic seafood done right. Our table tried fried shrimp, oysters, catfish, and salmon all cooked perfectly. We will be back again.Went here for a quick sampling of some of their specialties. Say at the bar. We tried the gumbo, chargrilled oysters, side salad, and a Po Boy with half shrimp and half crawfish. Husband liked the gumbo. I really loved the chargrilled oysters. Salad was fresh; my husband noted the sandwich was good, but nothing spectacular. Bartender was very nice and helpful.I had the Crawfish eToufee and their Bar B Que  Head large Shrimp  yummy. They both are a must try!!!
The restaurant from the look of it outside wouldn't think how elegant the inside is. My waitress was detailed about the menu choices. I could tell she knew that menu in and out. Even told us the day market prices! Almost every table I saw others ordering the fried platter. Instead of giving us bread  n butter for starters like most restaurants they give delicious mini baked potatoes n butter . What's crazy I don't even eat baked potatoes  .Gets four stars because of atmosphere. Nice diner experience, and good customer service. No tank tops allowed boys. Got the half seafood platter and coconut bread pudding. Tons of food, had to take leftovers back to the hotel. The catfish was the best along with the shrimp. Not a fan of the oysters. Dish also came with stuffed crab and crawfish balls.I really liked this restaurant for many reasons.  1. Our waitress was hilarious. 2. The New Orleans pride was all over the place, especially in relation to football. 3. It was the first time I have ever seen a toilet with an automatic shifting toilet cover.
The main reason why I love it was it definitely did not disappoint my first eating experience in a culinary city.  My sister and I started out with stuffed oysters and we finished out with some crawfish.A step back in time. Eating at Deanies is like eating in New Orleans during the 1950s - and that is a good thing. The restaurant is on the edge of the French Quarter which usually means no wait for a table. The staff is attentive and the food is good. Instead of bread, they serve hot cajun red potatoes and butter when you sit down. The room itself is 1950s chrome and decor - including a chain of ceiling fans connected with pulleys to a central motor.very good but they did not serve sweet tea which is part of the southern heritage...I honestly would give this place a 3.5 stars mainly for the good food and drinks for dinner.
We went here on a Saturday night and waited ~45 minutes to get seated, which is expected on a weekend evening. The hostesses were nice and pleasant, and recommended hanging out at the bar to get some drinks while we waited.
Since we had a large party of 10 people, we were split up into 3 tables. Two tables had a male waitor and my table had a female waitress. At this point, we were starving from waiting so long. The waitor served the other two tables the free potatoes and got their drink orders right away. Our waitress took 15 minutes to serve our drinks and didn't bring out the potatoes.
Our table ordered our appetizers along with our entrees. When the food was brought out, it was missing the order of oysters on the half shell. We had to confirm with our server if the oysters were still coming out and he checked for us. Ten minutes after, it came out last (even though it's an appetizer...)
Besides the questioning service, the food was sooo good. The oysters were juicy and fresh and the boiled crawfish was delicious. I am gluten-free and per the hostess, any fried seafood on the menu can be boiled and made gluten-free.
I would recommend coming here during lunch when it's less crowded and hopefully when there's better service.We had lunch at Deanies today. It was terrific. The catfish is light and. Risky without a greasy feel. The fish tasted clean and fresh. 
The charbroiled oysters were piping hot, garlicky, cheesy delish!decent food and decent price (given it's prime tourist location).
be aware, even on a small party of two, the snaky servers will add 20% gratuity to the check without notification.My first time here at Deanie's seafood and is was awesome. I'm visiting from Atlanta so I have been eating my away through N.O. I had mother's yesterday but Deanie's Po'boys are the best I've had. The biggest plus was my server Melissa. She was so wonderful and pleasant. I will be come back for the Po'boys and Melissa's service.My husband and I have eaten here numerous times. We love this place. The portions are ridiculous so unless you are someone who can eat a crap load of food in one setting, I suggest sharing a platter. My husband I ordered a HALF seafood platter and it was PLENTY of food for two people. We didn't even eat all of that. It included catfish, crab cakes, crawfish balls, and oysters. We're not oyster eaters so we usually sub the oysters for other items. Overall, we have been pleased with every visit and definitely recommend eating here while visiting NOLA. 
P. S. share a platter lol! It is a lot of food.Our order -Sea food gumbo( I have had better gumbo)
Half Sea food platter ( good for 3-4 ppl, a bit pricy 35$)
BBQ shrimp( my favorite) went back to this place to have BBQ shrimp. One of my NOLA favorites...I would say it's a must try of NOLA...
Ambience - it's nice. Really busy as any other famous places in French quarter. 
The food was 5star the first time I came here,  that was 3 years ago. However, this time I felt it was more like 3.5....Don't let the line scare you away.  It actually moves very quickly.  I think we waited maybe 15 mins and we were like the 15th group in line.  We ordered the catfish platter, the shrimp platter and the stuffed shrimp platter.  My catfish platter was broiled and delicious.  I didn't like that it was swimming in butter but it's the south so what can I say.  It was tasty and plentiful.  They forgot to bring my fries but that was ok.  The husband had fried with his and he said they were cold.  He loved his shrimp platter however.  The kid had the stuffed shrimp and she said it was very good.  our favorite thing was actually the potatoes that they bring to the table instead of bread.  I could have eaten those all night!  They were flavorful with a little kick to them.  I would go back just for that.Be aware when you order drinks from the bar you may be charged for more that what the menu says.... I was charged for ordering a drink on rocks... They literally charged me for the "rocks".Went with a group of 22and we had a reserved room. The service ease really good even with our large number. The food is more for the tourists than for the foodie nothing extraordinary just good creole food. The portion are huge tho!
Overall good place to have a diner and relax. The main room is quite noisy.Desided to check this place out after hearing it was the best. We went for lunch. The food was awesome no complaints there. The crab nachos were to die for!  However, the service was just ok a little below standards especially for how much it is. They had a lunch menu but it was not offered to us and we did not even know about it until we saw the person next to us order off of it. Also we sat our whole meal with dishes from our apps piled in front of us. A little disappointed with the service but food was good.Last year, NOLA disappointed our palates with some of the popular restaurants everyone says "you have to try".  Well, between Deanie's and Dooky Chase this year, we hit the jackpot!
Instead of a traditional bread basket, you get a bowl of steamed, spicy, red new potatoes.  Really?  Yeah.  What a way to start a meal.  The seafood platter for one could feed a small country.  Everything fried was done to perfection.  The battering is a light cornmeal.  I had the char-broiled oysters - hello scrumptious.  I wish I got the dozen instead of the half.
We waited about 40 minutes for our table, but it was well worth it.  Acme had a line a block long and what I would suspect was longer than 40 minutes.  So glad we went to Deanies.  It is now on our NOLA must-eat list.Oh Baby!! This place was yummy! I was looking for a good "Mom and Pop" restaurant with some authentic cajun fried seafood from New Orleans.......this place was just that! Excellent southern hospitality!  We ordered this huge platter that came with catfish, jumbo shrimp, oysters, stuffed oysters, stuffed shrimp, fries, onion rings that was served over a huge loaf of toasted buttery garlic bread split in two! Let's just say. we had a a blast just watching each other enjoying this wonderful mountain of seafood bliss! (No, I am not over exaggerating) LOLOL!!Line was long and there was really no where to wait and once seated the service was slow. You do get a large amount of food but nothing really stood out. Not sure that we'd go back again..I was disappointed in the catfish and shrimp combo. There was a lack of seasoning/flavor with the catfish. Maybe a bit to earthy tasting for my palate. Also be prepared to wait for at least 1 hr to be seated on weekends.Thank you Adam Richmond.  The barbeque shrimp was one of the best seafood dishes i've ever had.  It comes with a toasted mini baguette that soaked up that amazing sauce with.  The coconut custard bread pudding was really good too.  We went back two days in a row for shrimp! Highly recommended!Don't wait in line!!! CALL AHEAD during the day and ask about the current wait time.  On a Friday night, the wait was two hours. On Sunday at noon, no wait at all. The food is everything you've heard about . . . this place is a treasure!Some of the best I've ever ever had. No matter how long the line gets they always seem to seat people within a understanding wait time. The food is always A+ and fresh, each person that has served my tables is always nice. I try to eat here every chance I get.I ordered the seafood platter with sweet potato fries. The seafood was great. The sweet potato fries were cold and taste like they were sitting out for a while. The long line moved pretty fast. The service was okay. She was friendly and honest, but not necessarily professional. The seafood was perfectly seasoned.Get the shrimp BBQ. it's a big place and tables are setup nicely. Nine dinner. Big menu. I highly recommend.The fried oysters were great, fried artichokes delicious, and the fried catfish and shrimp pretty damn good. If you're looking for fried seafood in the FQ, this is a good bet. Many locals as well as a few tourists like us.
One note was that we sat at the bar next to Ed Reed, a famous football player who had just won the Superbowl (had no idea who he was, had to look it up, lol). The waitstaff at the bar were surly to everyone except Reed, and doted on him. One waiter really overstepped and invited Reed to a party, which was inappropriate. I wasn't thrilled with the overall service experience, but the atmosphere is chill and our food came out hot and fast, so that's something.My friends and I were referred to Deanie's on our last day in NOLA by a local. He claimed that they had some of the best seafood in the city. He seemed like he knew what he was talking about so we decided to give it a shot.
When we got there, the first thing I noticed is that it looks like a chain restaurant (Joe's Crab Shack, Applebee's, etc.). I have no idea if Deanie's is unique to NOLA, but it just didn't seem to fit in The French Quarter. It looked like it would be better in one of the suburbs. 
I ordered broiled flounder stuffed with crab meat dressing. It was pretty good. I had a side salad with zucchini, squash, and eggplant. My friends ordered the catfish which was just alright and crawfish. I didn't try the crawfish, but my friend said that they were not very good and was disappointed because she had been looking forward to eating crawfish on our trip. We each ordered cocktails. Mine was really tart because it had a lot of pineapple in it. It wasn't the worst drink ever, but it was just mediocre. The server was nice and attentive and they give you large portions, but overall I wasn't very impressed with this place.It was good.  And you can get in without a reservation.  it may be a bit cheaper than the named restaurants in NOLA, but I can't say $35 entrees are cheap.  the food comes to you lava hot, so beware.  I am happy I went.This was the best food I had in New Orleans, I went back twice.  For New Orleans to be a food town, I had some horrible food my first few days in the city, but this place was during my last few days and it was great.  I went 5/31 and 6/1
First, the service was outstanding.  My first time was on a saturday night and it was EXTREMELY crowded.  I dont know if its because its a tourist area and they want to make sure they arent saving tables for people who arent there but they make you give them your ID and they hold on to it in exchange for a pager.  Never seen nor had to do that before.  The bar was equally crowded with people waiting for tables or people dining.  They told me it would be a 45- hour wait, but I was able to snag a bar seat after about 10-15 minutes.  Jessica behind the bar is great. She was attentive and offered great suggestions when I asked.  She even remembered me the next day when I came back, which is a surprise giving all the tourist I know she must see but it just speaks to the great service.  I was also seated near the station where the woman who makes drinks strictly for the restaurant.  I didnt catch her name but she was equally helpful and nice since we were in such close proximity, wish I had caught her name but she recommended this cake type thing, idk was it was a... a pudding cake??? Anyway I got almond it was sooooo good. 
Now the food.  First, this was the best gumbo I had in New Orleans.  It was the one that tasted most like all of the gumbo I had eaten in my life.  It was so good, so very very very good. lol I got a cup the first day and a bowl the next.  I also ordered the crab quartet. It came with fried soft shell crab, fried crab claws, crab au gratin and stuffed crab.  My favorite were the fried crab claws.  It was easy to get to the crab meat and I got a lot of them.  This was my first time having soft shell crab.  This is not the restaurants fault I am just not a fan.  I didnt like chewing the shell. The crab au gratin was my second fav it was very rich though, I definitely would have liked a vegetable to balance that out.  Finally the stuffed crabbed was good as well just very bready not enough crab but good.
I also got some type of mojito very very good.  I just had a great meal and great time here which is why I ended up returning.  It is definitely worth the wait if you go on a busy night, when I returned on Sunday at 5 it wasnt crowded at all.   This place is worth checking out.Great choice for good, fresh, well prepared New Orleans style seafood! Consistent food, reasonable prices and good portion sizes. Probably the best casual restaurant in the Quarter.
If you're alone, eat at the bar, great bartenders, friendly, courteous and good drinks too!
Favorites: the crab quartet, gumbo, boiled shrimp and the incredible seafood saladFantastic! Bring friend, order the seafood platter, and enjoy.  Be ready to fight over the soft-shelled crabsRecommended to us by a bartender (Brad from Double Play). 
Super friendly server covering her friends section
Quick drinks. 
Potato balls instead of bread
So much food.