I went to Del Fuego twice in a week. Really, I went twice in 3 days because it was that good and both times I was blown away.
Okay, so the first time I went was on a Saturday night. There was a bit of a wait, but after about 10 minutes we were seated on the front patio. It was a nice evening, so I was happy to sit outside. My only complaint, and it had NOTHING to do with Del Fuego, was that we were seated next to a large party of college guys who were loud and reacted with "OH!!!!" every time one of them said something. I could have done without that.
So, I ordered a house margarita and looked over the menu. The margarita came on the rocks and tasted fresh and had a lot of flavor. For the appetizer, we decided on the Queso Fundido con Chorizo Verde which is melted queso with meat and spinach served with small soft tortillas so that you can make little wraps. It was delicious and full of flavor with a nice mix of spices. For my entree, I decided on the Los Tres Hermanos Burrito (The Brothers Three) which came packed with pork, chicken, rice beans, guacamole and onions. The burrito was perfect and it was so good and a great deal at $9. We also had the chance to sample some tequilas, and while I am not a "drink tequila straight" type of person, I found it smooth with little to no "after burn".
When I went back, on a Tuesday, there was no wait at all and we were seated inside, which I think I prefer to sitting outside. We got the Ceviche which is gulf fish with tomatoes, jalapenos, lime, cilantro and tomatillos. It comes with hard chips for dipping. It was so good and so fresh. I honestly probably could have just eaten that and left happy. I liked the Tres Hermanos burrito so much the first time, that I got it on my second visit as well. 
Shannon, one of the owners, was super accommodating  and made sure that we had everything we needed and that we were happy, the both times that I was there. I will definitely be back, especially now that I know that they have begun serving lunch.Best Mexican food I have had in New Orleans. The tres hermanos burrito is incredible.UNDERWHELMED!! My wife and I dine out A LOT!!   This is the second time at Del Fuego after a underwhelming first experience.  Chalked it up to opening jitters and just tried again.  Definitely not opening jitters.  The food in general was pedestrian, Guacamole had some flavor, Mission Burrito and Taco's not so much.  The most glaring offense was the service or the obvious lack of any training or education in the field.  Apps arrive after a longer than usual wait and then the entrees arrive right on top of them.  As I told the food runner we just got our apps, he proceeds to hurriedly place our plates on the table, mumble some sort of an excuse  and runs away.  The whole time he is looking for space on the table for the entree plates, i am protesting the entrees coming out this soon.  He cares not and off he goes.  I watch him go and tell the waitress something, she passes by, but takes care not to get to close.  Not a word is said about this.  At the conclusion of our mediocore and rushed meal, I pay, I tip and then I make a comment to the waitress about the app-entree debacle.  She informs me that she noticed that and apologizes.  It bears noting that this is when I am just blown away.  She noticed but did nothing.  Not even at the end did she say anything.  Had i not mentioned it, it would have gone unmentioned.  By this time the food runner is at the bar glaring in our direction and excitedly discussing who knows what (wink wink) with the bartender and someone else.  Apparently, adequate service has become a thing of the past.  There are too many restaurants in this city to waste even one night out on a mediocre experience.  Adios Del Fuego!!!In New Orleans for the weekend and we decided to go to this place for dinner tonight since its in the neighborhood where we are staying. We were extremely disappointed. I was turned off immediately by the ratty wash cloths and cardboard scraps they used to dress the tables. Then our server came over and he seemed nervous and all of our exchanges were a bit awkward. Not to mention he was inattentive. We ordered the chips and salsa and tacos. The chips were stale and greasy and all three salsas had the same tangy lemony taste. The tacos were terrible. $12 a plate for three small, stale tacos. The meats were over cooked and they were drowned in the tangy salsa. Couldn't even finish mine. The best party of the meal was the rice and beans, which undoubtedly came out of a can. We paid our  outrageous $50 tab and left. Wouldn't recommend.We were walking down Magazine street from the zoo, we were in the mood for Mexican and the first place we came to had just closed from 2-5pm (but thank god), so we knocked on the door and they gave us road margs so make it to del fuego for $27. They were average, pretty much tequila dumped into sour mix (which isn't the worst) but we walked a mile to del fuego and EVERYTHING IS HOMEMADE - chips, variety of salsas, tortillas, and even triple sec for the margaritas. It was happy hour and we got out of there with bomb tacos, salsa with chips and 2 margaritas for the same price as the margs we got to walk here ;)
Also we wanted to eat outside and they have a shaded front deck and a sunny back patio. Waiter Logan was super helpful and attentive with great recommendations!my favorite mexican place in nola.  i usually get the burrito which is very affordable but the other things i've tried have been great too.  i highly recommend their salsas and their popsicles which are really special. i highly recommend the orange, pomegranate mezcal and the pb&j.  
on a side note i came back here after trying out johnny sanchez and was surprised at how similar the menus were albeit del fuego was a few dollars cheaper on most items, especially drinks.
the only downside ive found is the chips as other people have mentioned.  they're a little different and they usually dont bring enough with the dish but theyre always happy to bring more.Have been anxiously awaiting this opening for months.  Sadly to say we were not impressed.  Immediately after tasting our Margs we had to order extra shots to make them right.  Salsas were on cue.  Guacamole was fresh but lacked seasoning.  Chips were impressive but lacked salt.
Entree review limited because we all had tacos, but we all agreed on the following:
When using corn tortillas you should always double up, all our tacos had blow outs.  Chicken and carnitas were borderline too dehydrated to eat, the chorizo was more like sloppy joe and the carne was minced to a pulp. Rice and beans had no flavor at all. At $4 a taco it seemed cruel and unusual.  Besides the food and drinks it was a welcoming environment with great service!  Hoping for a quick turn around because uptown NOLA needs Mexican!Where do i start... So.... We arrived after spontaneously deciding to try out this new spot after hearing from my sister that is was better than (insert every local mexican food restaurant here), so we had to see for ourselves. 
Upon arrival, we were greeted by a more than hospitable staff who seemed to share many roles through out the establishment (hosting, waiting, busing, food running) and we could definitely smell the team spirit even over the delicious scent of slow cooked pork and home made tortillas. Perhaps we should start there, with the home made tortillas. They brought these tacos to ANOTHER LEVEL. It's not like they needed much help achieving said status, as the pickled cabbage and spicy mayo(?) more than did the job for them.
A yelp review i had read earlier in the evening, suggested that i try the Tres Hombros Burrito. I took their advice, and i have never, and will never regret it. As i sit here, composing this review, I have nothing but fond memories of the Tres Hombres Burrito, and i am anticipating many day dreams in the week to come, which feature, said burrito. 
That being said, it wasn't an easy choice for my SO and I to decide on the tacos and burrito, as everything on the menu called our names and our stomachs. We will undoubtedly be returning to sample the remainder of the menu, and I hope you will too!Finally tried Del Fuego this weekend, and it did not disappoint.
The guacamole was delightful - we got ours with pepitas, diced tomatoes and cotija and it was delicious. I'm definitely curious to try some of the other toppings (especially pomegranate seeds).
Favorite salsa was definitely the avocado tomatillo one.
Tacos were also really good. I had the fish, chicken and cactus, and my husband got the chicken, beef and cactus. I wasn't super into the cactus one, but not because of anything they did wrong... it just turns out I'm not really into that particular texture. 
The only real complaint would be that it gets really loud inside when it's busy. We basically had to yell at each other to talk at some points, and I felt really bad for our waitress who was perfect and wonderful, but definitely struggling to hear us when it came to taking our order. Seemed stressful for her. Not a deal killer, since the food was great, but definitely just be prepared or plan to sit outside if noise is an issue for you.
All in all though, we were very happy and will definitely be back!First, the good points...Really nice patio right on Magazine street, pleasant fans overhead, and a friendly server. The house habanero sauce is delicious and super spicy. Additionally, they are NOT trying to do a New Orleans meets Mexico fusion, which earns them another star from me. Beyond that, I'm at a loss for praise here. 
I was really looking forward to Del Fuego opening, watched it for months through the building process, and truly hoped that we would at long last have some great, authentic Mexican food in Uptown New Orleans. The restaurant has been hyping their Oaxaca-influenced cuisine, so they at least had the right starting point for inspiration...However, I was so disappointed to find that the food and drinks missed the mark on nearly every point. 
Margaritas: WEAK and too sweet, like limeade from the freezer section;
Torta: a small loaf of stale bread lightly filled with a mixture of meat, slaw, and avocado, and drenched in a "red mole" sauce devoid of any real flavor but tomato paste.
Chips and salsas: flat flavors, tooth-shattering tostadas, and at $6, a joke;
Burrito "tres hermanos": really on the small side and served a la carte, with nothing special or memorable about it except the $10 price tag (it's a mushy burrito, guys).
With tip, 2 drinks, a torta, and a burrito, our bill was $45 for a lackluster meal. If the food was excellent, I would be happy to pay in that range, but the quality of the food simply doesn't warrant the price. 
I hope Del Fuego gets their act together and realizes that if New Orleanians know anything, it's good food. And this is not good food. 
On the bright side, it's only their first week, so let's hope they have the time and tenaciousness to improve.Everything we ordered was delicious and fresh. Loaded guacamole is phenom!! Loved the goat and the tongue tacosThe ceviche app with drum, served with house made chips, brought me back two weeks in a row. Lagniappe is the fact that any of the special tacos can be ordered a la carte. It's great if you're not a big eater but want to try different things on the menu. Great margaritas too!Wanted to like it, but was pretty underwhelmed. The food was small, dry and bland, three words that should never be used for Mexican. I got the taco sampler. The service was very friendly, but they were out of two things on menu and forgot to put in our order for 30 mins. Both of the people eating with me had similar feelings. Will give it another shot in a few months to see if they have adjusted. I'll be at taqueria corona in the meantime.Duck enchiladas, churros and margaritas all on point! The firestarter cocktail is amazing! Great service, great atmosphere. They make all their own tortillas too. All cocktails have fresh juice. Can't ask for more. And they have been open less than a week!I don't know what happened the day THOMAS C stopped by but I've had three meals since they opened and I'm impressed.  It has not been perfect yet and I suspect kinks are being worked out but each meal has been with four folks and everyone enjoyed their meals.  The burritos and the duck enchiladas with mole sauce have been amazing!  Love the guacamole as well!  Salsas are hit and miss. Queso fundido caused a bit of a dispute over the last bite and the tacos (tongue and shrimp so far) were good stuff. 
Update!  Damn.  Bigger glasses, service on the spot and amazing food!  This place just gets better and better!   Awesome stuff!  A must visit!!
All of the margaritas were good - they need to spotlight a top shelf!  Also, spicy Mexican food during the summer needs much bigger water glasses at the table PLEASE!
The service needs a couple of steps up in some ways but I'm assuming new restaurant means new staff. Lots of people but some confusion, although Johnny on the spot with extra chips for the guacamole!!
All in all there  is much promise here.  Needs some time to get the kinks worked out but a solid early-in-the-curve effort in my book.  That absurd review about dry food all around seems pretty harsh and I've clearly missed any experience like that.We've been a couple times now, and the service is incredible. Not to mention the perfectly prepared dishes, and crafty and creative cocktails. Can't recommend this place enough!I love me some good mexican food! This place is really cute and quaint. The bartenders and staff are pretty great as well. Their salsas, queso dips and fried pork rinds are phenomenal! They have pretty good drink specials during happy hour. I do think the trio taco plate is a bit pricey for what you receive but it was pretty tasty. I can honestly say that everything I ate was delicious. Side note...please rinse off tops of beer cans before serving..but will for sure visit again!I stopped in here for a quick dinner one night and really enjoyed it. The shrimp ceviche was delicious and fresh - and a great value at $10. Person I was with got the taco plate and seemed to enjoy it as well. I'll definitely add this to my regular restaurant rotationGreat staff, amazing food, awesome margaritas, and a beautiful atmosphere. 
What more could you want?Often a "hole in the wall" is the best place to go for greasy delicious Mexican. On the other hand, this place serves gourmet and sometimes creatively designed Mexican food.
They make their own tortillas and they make their margaritas fresh (fresh squeezed too, I believe), and their various margarita recipes are entirely unique. Try the jalapeno-based one, I can't remember what it's called but it's delicious--they all are, though.
My favorite dish, the thing I can't stop myself from getting almost every time I go, is their version of cochinita pibil. Typically this is made by slow cooking pig butt for a super long time, and I make it myself all the time. Here, they make it with ribs, and it works superbly. Thinking of the savory bark covering the tender meat of those ribs is making me slobber onto my keyboard right now. I love theundnuaisudn
Just kidding, keyboard's fine. /dadjoke
But seriously, try the fish tacos, the duck enchiladas, the sauteed fish, the burritos (my particular favorite is their chorizo burrito)--all of these things are killing me to speak about right now, having not yet eaten dinner.
The only thing I did not enjoy here as much as I would have liked to was the tongue tacos. I'm a huge fan of beef tongue, whether on tacos or sliced for a sandwich, and I am always happy when a Mexican restaurant has this delicacy. My problem with this one was that the tongue was chopped (diced?) into such small pieces that the delicious dressings overwhelmed any semblance of cow tongue flavor for me. Typically in a Mexican restaurant, tongue is served in significantly larger cubes, and that allows the absolute savory tenderness of the meat to come out perfectly. I see what the chef was going for, but for me at least this one didn't land.
Anyway, that said, this place is awesome. I didn't even know there was such a thing as chorizo verde (green chorizo), originating from a particular province in Mexico and less common than the red stuff. I point that out because the owner of Del Fuego is clearly passionate about disseminating quality and authentic (buzzword) Mexican food, and that's tremendous.My family and I visited Del Fuego last night, Thursday evening at 6:00. After reading some positive reviews, we were really looking forward to some good food. The food may be good but we'll never know because their  exceptionally horrible service made us walk out. When we arrived, a man at the bar waved us toward a table to seat ourselves. That was the last interaction we had with any employee. We waited. And waited. And waited some more. My husband ended up getting our menus. We spent some time looking over our options and still no one acknowledged us. Even a quick greeting and a "I'll be back soon to take your order" would have been appreciated. After being ignored a while longer, we walked out and ate Thai food across the street at a restaurant that clearly values their customers.Our lunch at Del Fuego was fantastic! I started with a margarita, my husband had Ohio del fuego, and my daughter had watermelon juice. The drinks were all delicious, and if I didn't have to drive home I would have had another. The coolinary menu brought us to this spot, and it did not disappoint. $12 for a drink (Tecate beer, soda or juice), chips and salsa... not your average chips or salsas either... and a humongous burrito filled with your meat of choice. I am telling you... go for lunch tomorrow. The food was so good. The tortillas fresh.. yum! I must mention that we were served peppers with grasshopper salt mid-meal as a gift from the chef.... again.. delicious! Lastly, the service was wonderful. Our waitress/bar tender was attentive, efficient, happy and kind!The burrito was amazing!! Habanero salsa was ironically sweet, but overall decent salsa sampler.Wonderful addition to the Magazine St scene, with lovely front and rear patio dining areas.
I went with a group, so we were able to do a tasting of several items on the menu, including cocktails.
Recommend: the firestarter cocktail (excellent!), the watermelon cucumber margarita and the watermelon cucumber mint cocktail. 
Apps: Fundido was just ok (the cheesy one - the one with meat was kicking!), salsa selection was excellent, but the little baskets of chips are not nearly large enough for a group, so we had to order extras several times.
Entrees: Grilled fish was good, duck enchiladas were amazing. The tacos need some work, IMO. Fish taco was very tasty, but the carne asada and the chicken tacos both were extremely dry. 
As they get into their groove and open for lunch, I expect that this will be a go-to place for my office friends too.After 2 attempts to come here and the place being closed, we finally had success and I'm glad we did.  The happy hour specials are solid. I was a little thrown by sangria that looked like purple kool-aid, but it was tasty and was only $5. We started with the salsa sampler. This was a neat way to try their various salsa favors.  I enjoyed all 3 salsas although get found they could have kicked up the flavor some. My bf and I both ordered tacos. I had 1 shrimp, 1 fish, and the pork carnitas. The seafood ones were great, the pork not so much. I didn't care for the texture of the pork. The bf had shrimp, carne, and goat and liked them all.Big fan of Mexican food here and spoiled after living in California for many years. Since moving to NOLA several years ago, with all of the amazing culinary offerings here, I have been disappointed with the lack of good Mexican food. People from California I see leaving reviews about local favorite "Mexican" restaurants know exactly what I'm talking about. Soooo... Needless to say, I was very excited when I found out about Del Fuego. House-made tortillas, authentic menu etc... It looked like NOLA had finally gotten a good, casual authentic taqueria like the countless number of places Where I was used to eating in California. Well, here is the deal... 
I finally made it to Del Fuego for lunch today.  We had an order of guacamole for starters, then I had the three taco special with rice and beans. I had two lengua tacos and one goat taco. 
The Guacamole was basically just mashed avocado with a little too much lemon juice. Could have at least used more salt, for sure. I would prefer more cilantro diced onion, tomato, etc as well. El Gato Negro's guac is much better. My friend and I both had tacos that fell through the bottom of the doubled tortillas. The tortillas need to be thicker! The lengua was not very fresh or seasoned well. The goat taco was awesome, other then it fell apart right after picking it up because of the weak tortillas. Beans were great texture and fresh but not seasoned well at all. Very bland. The rice was no bueno. Not cooked badly but could have had more flavor or something... 
The idea behind this place is awesome and I love what they are trying to accomplish, which is much needed in NOLA, but the execution needs A LOT to be desired. On top of that lunch for two people cost just shy of $40. Definitely wasn't worth it. If it would have been good, the prices would be easier to get over, but it wasn't good. I had high hopes for this place but it was a huge let down today. Seriously, I would rather eat at Velvet Cactus any day over this place. VC does not claim to be "authentic" but their salsa, rice and beans can hang with any good Mexican joint where I have eaten. They use fresh ingredients, know how to season and it's Mexican-ish enough (depending on what you get) to satisfy my cravings.  Maybe I'll come back to Del Fuego sometime in the future and give it a second chance but I'm in no hurry at this point.I've been here a few times and every time it's great. As a vegetarian, there is a limited menu however they always have one veggie taco to choose as well as some great sides. I have gone with meat eaters who have been blown away by the tres hermanos burrito as well as the carne asada tacos. Also, their salsas are amazing (some are very hot but the menu lets you know the spice level) and the tostadas they serve with it are so freakin' good! Their happy hour is nice an you can get half off the salsa trio as well as deals on the house margarita and some beers. One of the best Mexican restaurants in the city!If you're looking for typical Mexican, this isn't it. Maybe they're going for really authentic & I just like more traditional Mexican, but the menu is slim so there's not much to choose from.I like this place,but where are the lunch enchiladas?  I'm not a burrito person, and the tacos are good, but my fave thing is enchiladas.   I work uptown, so lunch is going to be ME when I visit.    so far very happy with the quality of food, but want more variety.  ENCHILADAS for lunch, NOT just for dinner.... please
however the pico salad here is amazing.... and the appetizer with chorizo and queso is great too.
staff is certainly accomodating, and location is great, but more lunch specials please!This place has great food. I love the tres hermanos burrito. (Pro tip, add tomatillo avacodo sauce inside!). Puerco pibil and the cebollitas are to die for. The staff is friendly and helpful. If you want a good drink to start your night right, try the firestarter, or ojos de fuego. It is a jalepeño infused tequila margarita. Absolutely delicious! The back patio is great for groups on a nice evening, or for a hot date! I hope this place is here to stay. Keep it up FuegoWent here for "happy hour" tonight and was totally disappointed. Margarita was way too sweet. Got 3 tacos carne asada, carnitas and tinga. For $15 you would have expected quality meats. The chicken was good but the "steak" was more like pulled beef and less like carne asada. The carnitas taco was just lumps of fat. As far as I'm concerned good carnitas will be slow cooked untill all the fat is rendered. When going for a second bite I got nothing but another mouthful of fat I just had to spit it out. The whole taco was fat. Sad excuse for Mexican food. Upon letting our server know about the experience she said "oh ok thank you." No compensation or apologies were offered. Then we asked her to split the bill for us and she did it wrong. Waste of money and there are definitely better happy hours out there!Super cool place and awesome food. Off the tourist beaten path but well worth the effort.Awesome fresh ceviche. Margarita is delicious and NOT neon green! Hooray! Staff is very friendly.Don't waste your time here. The food is bland, overpriced, and the service is lacking. We ordered the guacamole (not the loaded version, which the server kept insisting we order for some reason), which was good but nothing special. The we each ordered the three tacos, which are served with beans and rice on the side. We had heard to order the flour tortillas because someone told us the corn ones were very dry. The flour tortillas were paper thin and barely held the tacos together. The chicken was extremely bland, I actually didn't even eat it it was so flavorless. The carnitas was OK, but a bit dry. And the beef was also dry and nothing special. The side of rice  was totally undercooked and inedible (aka hard and crunchy). The black beans were totally dry and flavorless. Ugh. It was not a good meal. All that and it took about an hour to get our food after placing our order. Also, not cheap. I think with a couple drinks and the food we spent over $70. Totally not worth it!This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. I love their tacos. They make my favorite margaritas. The staff is always courteous. Their rice and beans are pretty bland, but everything else makes up for it.Ate here with a group of seven on a Thursday night, and we all pretty much agreed it was good, not great. Would never discourage anyone from eating here, but I don't think I'll highly recommend it anyone, either.
We were seated within 15 minutes at a table on their patio, which was breezy and intimate. Had a three amigos cocktail to start - very good. We started with the salsa trio. I'm not huge on salsa, but the three we picked were good, especially the tomatillo avocado. The chips, or deep-fried whole tortillas, were sometimes WAY too salty. I love salt, but a few even had me chugging water. One particularly ruthless chip really almost ruined my friend's appetite. 
Menu is very limited, which can be good for indecisive people like me. I had the tacos: carne asada, carnitas and camarones. Carnitas and camarones were delicious. Light and crispy, and toppings were fresh. Carne asada had no flavor. Whatsoever. Everyone who ordered tacos ordered the carne asada and we were all underwhelmed. The carnitas and camarones, though, I'd go back just for them.
Overall, we had a great time. Ambiance was nice, service was on point and food was decent. If you're in the area, pop in.The time to be here is 3-7 happy hour: 3$ tacos, 5$ margaritas, sangria, etc. I ordered the sangria and shrimp and steak tacos. The sangria was okay, as were the steak tacos, but the shrimp taco was outstanding. We ordered an appetizer of queso fundido, but the chorizo was more like ground hamburger meat, so we didn't like that too much. My father ordered a margarita with his meal and, based on our past vacations of going to Mexico, was truly an authentic margarita. It is the most authentic mexican margarita in the city that we have come across. Our waiter, Logan, was excellent, very helpful and nice not only to his customers, but also to his coworkers. We will definitely be coming back here, not so much for the food, but more so for the margaritas.UPDATE: I've been back to Del Fuego a couple of times since the pre-opening and each visit has been spectacular. No more dry tacos and while the chip baskets are still small, the wait staff has it down now with refills before you ask. 
If you haven't been, all I can say is GO.I've had much better. 
I don't think their tacos are that good to be completely honest. And the only reason they got 3 stars from me is because of the fried fish taco. Other than that, I don't think it's worth the price. You can get tacos like these at a cheaper price.Went for lunch, and it was spectacular. The margarita was one of the best I've ever had. Excellent guacamole, superb fish and tongue tacos. The ceviche was perfectly balanced. Not a low note among anything we tried. I highly recommend it!If you're a fan of tequila, this is the place for you.  If you're a fan of tequila and spicy food, consider yourself in heaven. 
We first did the salsa trio with the Tomatillo, Negra, and Mexicana varieties. All three were spicy and delicious, and incredibly different.  Then the Tostados con Pescada Ahumada, which was my favorite.  The shrimp tacos and fish tacos were superb, but the pulled pork was a little dry. 
Heads up, don't plan to watch a game here with a margarita, because they don't have TVs.I was in NOLA today on business and was looking for something different for lunch. As I cruised down Magazine street I came upon Del Feugo and it looked so inviting. I parked on the curb and walked up and was seated on the front deck, the weather was fabulous. 
I ordered the fried fish and shrimp tacos and an unsweetened ice tea. The food came out in about ten minutes and was great. The (2) shrimp tacos were hot and crispy as was the (1) fish taco. The dish was served with rice and refried beans. I prefer to have chips and salsa  before Mexican food so I can put the salsa on my rice, so that was my only letdown.... I guess I could have ordered a side of salsa off the menu. I will return, I enjoyed !!I've only tried Del Fuego once, and it was for pick-up.  My girlfriend and I needed a quick bite, so we ordered to-go.  The service was courteous and the food was ready when promised.  I ordered 4 or 5 tacos and one appetizer, the queso fundido con chorizo verde.  The app was pretty good, but not at all like I expected.  It was basically more gooey (gooier? - too lazy to look up the grammar on this.  Gooey is a word, right?) than liquid queso.  We kind of had to cut pieces of the cheese goo and put it on the tortillas with which it's served.  Flavor good, consistency weird.
It's not worth doing a breakdown of each taco because they kind of fell short for the same reason.  The tortilla's tasted a bit stale and the meat was dry.  With the exception of the fish taco, the tacos were too dry.  The first issue is the dry/stale tortilla.  Got to fix that first.  Second is the meat, needs to be juicer IMHO.  To be fair, the fish taco was pretty decent and by that I mean 3/5.  
Because I picked up, I didn't get the full Del Fuego experience.  They do have a great patio on Magazine.  I will repeat.  Sometimes when you order to-go, the food can suffer.  So I'll give them another try on the basis of their respectable patio dining.  Maybe an update will be in order.Delicious! Ate here last night with a group of 8 and was very impressed. We decided to sit on the front porch, and it was wonderful as it was a little cooler last night. The front actually feels a little European which I loved. The happy hour runs until 7 pm, which is just amazing considering many other happy hours I enjoy shut down at 5 or 6. The queso fundido was delicious. Everyone at the table enjoyed it so much that we ordered another. The salsa trio was awesome (we ordered 2), and for $3 at happy hour, you really can't go wrong! The deep fried tortillas that came with the salsa were delicious, perfectly salted, and fresh. Most of us got the tacos dinner (choice of 3 different tacos, or you can choose all the same), and everyone truly enjoyed every bite! Those who got burritos enjoyed them just as much, plus the burrito portions are huge for $10, and could definitely be split between two or brought home to be enjoyed as leftovers. Lastly, the service was great - friendly and attentive! Would highly recommend this place.Great place. I'm a big fan of the tequila selection and the good the bad and the ugly cocktail.  The nopales burrito was delicious especially because of the homemade tortilla.   Who would go back for the queso dip? This guy. The hostess even came and got us from three brothers, where we were waiting for our table. Icing on the cake: the bathrooms smell like cedar wood.This restaurant was... Okay. The food was decent- I had a burrito (I forget the name but it was the one with three kinds of meat, listed first on the menu) and three salsa's. The only salsa worth mentioning was the one with with avocado, that was freaky food. The other two were average. The service was great but my drink was terrible (the three amigo's - it had a funny after taste and was pretty weak). I'd probably go back and try other food options but the overall consensus at the table was "well that was ok"This place is awesome! I have not had any of the negative experiences that other people on yelp have expressed and have been now five times. 
The staff is always SO nice and attentive. Last night I ate at Fuego pretty late and while they had run out of one appetizer, the waitress suggested another and it was fantastic! (Shrimp ceviche). She even brought out the sauce that paired with the appetizer they had run out of and it went well with the ceviche and was so good we put it on our entrees as well. 
The burritos are tasty, plentiful and affordable. Highly recommend doing half a protein and half nopales. It is wonderful that they do half and half, all the ingredients mixed together of course, and the nopales pair so well with chicken especially. The tortillas are perfectly soft and hold together well. 
The tacos are  delicious, the best fish tacos I have tried in New Orleans, and for dinner you choose three preparations which is great. Had chicken, carne asada and grilled fish this past time, and each was better than the one before it. 
The best part of Fuego is the ability to finish your meal with a delicious homemade Popsicle! The flavors are original and delicious - some containing alcohol. Try the pb&j or the mezcal with orange and pomegranate! Truly different and great.I love this place!  The food is always super fresh!  Everything is locally sourced and made in house.  Great cocktails and friendly staff add to the amazingness!  Looking forward to going back really soon!Decent selection in variety but the flavor just isn't there. Food is relatively bland. Salsa variety is impressive and margaritas are solid but nothing special.It was only ok. Guac was pretty good. The queso was weird. Waitress was kind of dumb- bad advice.  Way over priced! I live across the street and was very excited to have a taquera. Not going back until they start happy hour deals or lower their prices...This place was pretty decent.  I liked the laid back atmosphere for a quick solo lunch.  Patio is a bonus.  The service was friendly and speedy.  They had a couple vegetarian option and even one vegan option.  The stand out was the margarita.  It was so good.  Not sweet, pleasantly sour, just the way I like it.  Pretty much the best margarita I've had in New Orleans.    All of the hot sauces were vinegary, they were good, just sort of all the same.I grew up eating proper Mexican food, and let me tell you, I crave Del Fuego. The habanero and pepita salsas are so creative and yummy, and the tostadas are exactly like you'd get in border towns. The fish tacos are light and lovely, reminiscent of the lightly spiced fish I've had in the Yucatán, with the mayonesa adding that perfect finishing touch. I've had the chicken enchiladas, and loved, and if I'm not feeling fishy, will get the asada or carnitas (yes, crispy carnitas!). Love it. JD, Ryanne, and Alex always take good care, and the drinks are strong and refreshing. A+++++I am giving them 5 stars not because they were perfect but because they were pretty close. The apps were creative and well put together we had all the tacos except the tongue (made it once at home and now can't bring myself to eat it again though it is probably really good) and the cactus (just cause we weren't in the mood. Our favorites were the shrimp (best I have ever had) the fish (a close 2nd) and the goat ( a solid third). They could season their carne asada and carnitas a bit more. The sangria was strong without being too sweet and the dessert was whimsical yet perfectly flavored. Wait staff was great!  After a string of disappointing meals this was a welcome change!I really enjoyed my dining experience! In fact, I've already been twice and they've been open less than a week. 
The cocktails were all very fresh and delicious (try the Paloma!), the fundido and the duck enchiladas with mole were fantastic, and the desserts were out of this world (the churro and the popsicles were highlights). The place has great ambiance and the patio on Magazine St. is a nice place to eat-- very pleasant and not too hot. 
I am so glad to have a place like this in the neighborhood. Highly recommended!Slow service preceded cold food. Ok, maybe that just means that it is a new restaurant with kinks to be worked out, but the food was blase in addition. The "Quseo Fundido con Chorizo Verde" was as single block of previously melted cheese with some runny ground pork beneath it. The Pork taco was inedibly dry; the chicken taco was moist, but the only flavor it had was the single slice of pickled carrot on it; and the carne asada taco had moisture and flavor, but was spicy without purpose. The limeade was too tart to drink.
The beans were very similar to something i had froma  can labeled "Old el Paso"The tacos were good especially the shrimp and fish. The corn was excellent. Service was good. A little pricey.Complete garbage. Items ordered: Goat, Tongue, Grilled Shrimp, Braised Chicken, Carne Asada (Skirt Steak). Everything was overcooked, under-seasoned and/or old/turning. To not successfully make one good taco out of these proteins is absolutely insane. We are also in the beginning of shrimp season, to serve frozen, farm-raised, turning shrimp is insulting to everything the Louisiana seafood industry stands for. I can go on and on about each taco or the homemade tortillas mediocreness, but I won't waste everyones time. It's simple; don't go.We got in the car and went blank. Where should we eat tonight???? I have no idea. I read reviews at least once a day and still couldn't put my finger on an evening foodie spot to hang. One thing I always look for is parking. Next is happy hour third is foodie pics and last reviews. The parking is not the best in this area but we did not have an issue at 6p on a weekday. A few of the workers reminded me of OITNB. The happy hour is daily and the margaritas are some of the BEST in New Orleans. The food was excellent. My fiancé is a snob when it comes to tacos and he loves the carne asada. I got the tostada pescado. It was REALLY good and the most popular dish. I WANT to come back. There is a very nice outdoor area. The bar is small and so is seating indoors but it's worth the visit.We each got two tacos- I got the shrimp taco that was crispy with a sweet- spicy sauce and he got the fish. We both got a nopales taco which was fun and tasty. Kind of greenbeany but not. Very unusual for NO. Not slimy at all. I loved the fresh tortillas. We started with three salsas- the fresca (which was sweet but good), the tomatillo-avocado (our favorite) and the arbol (good chili flavor, may be too hot for a lot of people but not for me.) yes there were only a few giant chips but our basket was replenished happily and we were even given more when the left over salsas were bagged to go. The rice and beans were pretty good. The only thing, and by no means a deal breaker, will go back!- I did not like having a washcloth as a napkin. I  just don't like it.I LOVE THIS PLACE! No seriously, everything is freshly made. My friend and I stumble upon Del Fuego while shopping on Magazine street. We had initially came here for the drinks but we ended up trying the guacamole and tortillas. Let me tell you, this is by far the best tortillas and guacamole, I've ever had in my life. The margaritas brought me back to life after walking in the 115 degree heat. The tamarindo margarita is everything God had intended it to be; the watermelon and cucumber margarita is just as delicious. Our waitress was extremely nice and knowledgeable. She was honest when I asked her for her recommendation; she wasn't trying to up-sell by telling us everything was her favorite and I truly appreciate that. This place is a MUST if you are visiting NOLA.I love Del Fuego! We had a large group for a birthday party and they were able to accommodate us with no problems. The food was excellent!! The ceviche is the best I've had in the city, the guac with chicharones was super delicious and the Los tres hermanos burrito was big and super flavorful. Staff was so friendly and helpful. 
To be honest the only issue I can see, and I'm sure everyone else can see by these yelp reviews, is the clientele. Privileged white people who have probably never bussed a table in their life (much less worked in a kitchen) with horrible attitudes funking up the vibes. Just stay home, please. Nobody likes you. Let the rest of us who wouldn't dare call their server "dumb" (seriously what is wrong with you) enjoy Del Fuego.I have been mainly had take out or been at an event they catered.  I've only had the tacos and chips/salsas.  Everything has been fresh and flavorful.  You don't leave here with a horrible feeling in your stomach bc of something you ate.  The Margaritas are fresh and have a nice kick!  IT's a great casual place for fresh mexican and the outdoor seating area is great!If you want quality over quantity,  this is the place if you want Mexican-style food.   Best tacos ever had!!!So, this is some pretty great neighborhood Mexican food.  Solid tacos, ceviche, and drinks.  There's patio seating (when the weather's nice), and you can bring your dog to hang out on the front porch.  I can't say enough nice things about this place.Del Fuego has a neat, clean, well-decorated contemporary exterior and interior and is a slightly upscale Mexican restaurant, as evidenced by pricing, food quality, and bar selection. The waitress was friendly and helpfuI. I ordered the Taco (2 beef & 1 pork), which came with beans & rice. Everything was delicious, and I was pleased. Would recommend and would return. RJTBrought my mother-in-law in for happy hour. She is from Mexico. She ordered a lengua taco expecting it to be terrible. She said she was surprised that it was cooked perfectly. It was the best thing she had. We all loved the margaritas. Fresh squeezed and home made triple sec. Working in the service industry, triple sec is a cheap bottle of liquor that really just cuts the sourness of a margarita. To put so much thought into something as simple as triple sec was impressive. Definitely have the fish or shrimp tacos....fried is best. The spicy mayonesa is killer. All of the salsas are amazing as well. Have a boozy Popsicle to go if you are too full for dessert. If not, have the churros with Mexican caramel and spicy chocolate! The tres leches cake is awesome as well.I had seen this little place develop and had been curious to see how it would turn out.  I'm not sure I really like what they have done with the architecture as they seemed to have drained all NOLA soul out of the building and now it looks like it could be from Austin, California or anywhere else U.S.A.  The ambiance for the small indoor seating area is very loud with the noise from the kitchen while they do have both a nice front and back patio the current heat of NOLA Summer makes the outdoor seating a challenge to endure for most of the daylight hours.  
The salsas are decent enough here but then it sadly goes downhill.  The chips are very hard and many people just couldn't eat them in my group (they tried to accommodate by bringing unfried tortillas but that isn't exactly the same).  The prices for drinks are more on the expensive side (why would I pay $4.50 for an Abita Amber when I can get one right next door at Brothers Three for $2.75?).  The margaritas are small and at $8 really don't deliver while the cheap crap Mexican beers are priced ridiculously high.  The grilled fish was very forgettable and just very bland.  The tacos were probably the high point of all the dishes but at $14 they just are too small even with the included rice and beans to justify their expense.  Mexican food is cheap peasant food and all you get here are high prices for generally mediocre food that just doesn't rate the inflated price (the $8 burritto is probably the best value on the menu).  The service was generally pleasant but unless they do some serious changes I doubt this place will last very long as it doesn't provide anything that you can't get at a much better price with a better experience at many other nearby places.
Tip:
Just go to Taqueria Guerrero, Panchita's, Taqueria Corona, Felipe's Taqueria, Sarita's Grill or even Juan's for better food, drinks and much better prices.  Even Superior Grill is far better...
Rant:
The best thing about New Orleans is that it is New Orleans and NOT California or Texas so I think we've got quite enough Mexican and TexMex on Magazine St. and in the entire city for my taste so lets stick more with our FAR superior native cuisine from now on!  When there are more options for a taco than a bowl of gumbo in my area I'm not happy with where things are going.awesome tacos with crazy good flavor. Skip the rice and beans and get the plantains and pork skins. Everything made fresh and full of flavor. Our go to place for South American food while in New Orleans.Love this place!!! The food is so delicious with spectacular presentation! The service is always outstanding! The atmosphere is nice with the beautiful patio that offers outdoor seating! Margaritas are on point & made to perfection! The loaded gaucamole is out of this world amazing! Enchiladas with chicken tinga and potatoes inside are heavenly! Never had enchiladas with potatoes inside before this! But WOW! This blew my mind and kept my taste buds jumping! Now I only want my enchiladas to always be exactly like this!!! So far my experiences here have been anything you order is going to be fabulous, so there is no going wrong!! The Biggest issue I have is wanting to keep going back and try it all!Awesome spot for refreshing drinks after work or dinner. Relaxing atmosphere,
Food is good, I tried their happy hour until 7pm which was great. Salsas and tacos are very fresh tasting. Pic of happy hour menu postedHow in the world have I not been here yet?
The food here is absolutely wonderful. 
I crave really good Mexican and chorizo (and um yeah they make their own here!!!!!!) it's so so good 
Everyone please come and eat here or drink having a satsuma margarita as we speak and it's phenomenal. I'll be back on Friday!!!!!Horrible!!!!!  Their shredded chicken burritoes tasted like canned tuna.  My friend and i , both,  thought it smelled like cat food as we unwrapped it from the foil.  NO BUENO!!!!!!!I was pleasantly surprised at my experience here. I had popped in once before and saw no taco Tuesday specials and left immediately. The second time I went with a group of five and ordered a delicious tamarindo and cucumber margarita. Next, we ordered the queso dip which was hands down the best I've ever had. The tacos are all specialty tacos and you can mix and match. We got 3 different ones and a generous side of rice and beans for $12 which is much cheaper than Felipe's or rum house and taste better! We ordered the churro and the tres leches cake for dessert and loved them both. This was a great experience! I loved the patio and the plates and decor. They do have a 20% auto grat policy on parties of five or more which makes me think the owners appreciate their workers !I love this place for some alternative to what we typically have in town Mexican food. It is super fresh. It is generous with portions. It is all in house made. It is not expensive. I am a fan, and if i say that's where i'm going, i have a few friends that want to go too, every time. (smoked fish tostadas....mmmmm.....)Service is good..staff is Ok. Patio not bad.. Pricey  "Authentic Mexican food"..? not for me!I don't often review anymore but I had to in this instance. Man, I really wanted this place to be stellar. Good at least. I would have even taken decent. There's a regrettable dearth of Mexican restaurants in NOLA and Del Fuego is right around the corner from where I live. 
Regrettably, the food was awful. I speak on behalf of all five of us who dined there, and who ordered different entrees. Everything, and I mean everything, was chalk-dry. Mummy-balls-in-the-desert-dry. We were all struggling to down the food, like donkeys jawing aluminum foil. After a while we all stopped talking because it was so hot on the patio---not their fault, they can't control the weather---and because we were afraid we'd die from choking. I started making ck-ck-ck sounds at one point. "You okay?" one of my friends asked. "Ck-ck-ck, yes," I said, and then drank a whole beer to wash down the taco. My first taco. Jesus Christ, two more to go. It was like calculus homework. I was about to ask the waitress if she could bring over a hose. I even poured water on the food, hoping this would help. It didn't. I just heard this hissing sound, like when you put butter in a hot skillet.
Anyway, yeah. The place looks nice, they meant well, but the food. Wow. It'll be closed by September 31st.Great staff, great food and cool atmosphere! I live in the neighborhood so I come here a lot. The staff is all very nice and professional. 
The appetizers are the best - get the fundido! Good margaritas, too!
And if you like tequila, this is where you need to go. They have a huge list and do flights so you can taste a bunch at a time.
Fun place to eat Mexican and hang out.Service good, food overly spiced to the point where it was not enjoyable. Menu confusing.The food, drinks and service were A-MAZING!  All of the food was so fresh and the taste was incredible!  This is definitely my husband and I's new favorite Mexican restaurant - hands-down!!!!So I am from CA and was excited to have some mexican food in the big easy.  Not good at all.  The apps were very odd we had the Minguichi and it was very odd with an almost vinegar taste horrible.  My wife loves any kind of cheese dip and she said it was inedible. We also tried the trio of salsa's all of the salsa's were nothing special.  I did have the Carne Asada tacos which were good but so small and for 12 bucks serious.  The rice was not cooked all the way or old because there was a lot of hard rice granuals.  The beans were good but overcooked.  I will not return nor encourage anyone else to go.