I haven't been hitting up as many high-end restaurants of late, and my bank account thanks me. But with the benefit of a group-on, I dropped in on Desi Vega's Steakhouse and had an excellent meal.
We made reservations for 8 p.m. on a Friday evening with just a few days lead time, so it's not packed, but clearly did need the reservations. Parking was a little challenging, but not awful, and I could have used valet if I was so inclined. The manager was very helpful from the start; we were a bit early, but we ordered drinks and when the table was ready quickly, they simply brought the drinks to our table. It's a relatively small place with windows all around that look out on Lafayette Square and St. Charles Avenue. I wouldn't say it's a romantic place at all, but a nice place with some "buzz" going on. I'm thinking it's the type of place where people like to be seen. It was loud, but not overwhelming and the tables had good space between them, so you had privacy. As far as atmosphere, I would give it a 23 out of 30 - and most of the points come off because of my own preference for a little more relaxed of an atmosphere.
Jumping into the food, it was very good. I had a filet, which was pricey ($41) but very good. I added the crab meat and asparagus (thumbs up) as well. The meat comes on a crazy sizzling hot plate; the sizzling meat sound with the smell is always a good thing. One key thing is that vegetarians can eat here! There are a handful of options, so don't be scared by the "steakhouse" name. The Mac and cheese was considered a specialty of the place, but I wasn't impressed, nothing bad, just nothing spectacular. One of the appeals was that they have Pappy Van Winkle (15-year). It was $26 for a glass and it was very tasty. Overall on food, I will give this a 42 out of 50. All was very good, but nothing blew me away.
The service was top-notch. I'm not even sure how it could be any better. We were seated very quickly, nearly exactly at 8 p.m. We had multiple waiters and everything was prompt without seeming rushed. I'm trying to knock points off, but the only issue might have been a little wait to actually get the bill - but in some ways, that's appreciated, they weren't looking to run us out. I'll give it a 19 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 84. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).About 8 months ago I happened to be sitting next to a good friend of Desi Vega's owner on a flight from New Orleans to Las Vegas. With three hours to kill we talked about the great restaurants in both cities. She being a little bias told me how great the food was at both Desi Vega's and Mr. Johns. After some time passed my mother was visiting for a month around Christmas and we felt like trying a steakhouse. I decided to try a new spot and remembered the conversation on the flight. I took the whole family to Desi's and was very impressed with every dish that came out. My favorite cut of meat is a bone in filet and it is usually hard to find. Although the prices were not inexpensive I have paid a lot more for the same cut of meat at more famous restaurants and found that this one was as good if not better then anyone I've ever had before. The service was just as good. The manager made a point of bringing my 4 year old daughter back to the kitchen to help make homemade ice cream for her desert. The food made all the adults very happy but this small touch made it very memorable for my little girl.
Just to make sure it wasn't a one hit wonder I went back last week with a business partner for a quick and early dinner. The service and food was just as good. I will definitely go back.I went to the restaurant with a group of 8, it was a last minute decision and we were all pleasantly surprised at how accommodating they were especially with such a large group. The food was superb, very flavorful and the service was exceptional.  I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who desires an excellent/memorable experience.We went here for my 40th birthday and it was the best meal and experience I have ever had!! We arrived 40 min before our reservation and the manager said no problem they would seat us right away. We sat at the bar and had drinks while we waited. The bar tenders were fantastic!  Then when we got to our table the service got even better if possible!! They gave us a meatball and bread as lagniappe( best meatball I have ever eaten! ) we ordered fried green tomatoes, steak bruschetta, bacon wrapped shrimp, and pork belly. I really can't pick my favorite. We all had steaks with the exception of Chris who had fish!  It was all amazing!  I really can't say enough amazing things about our experience!! If you get the chance, eat there!! I know I will be back!!!Went here with the wife recently. I had heard great things about Mr John's, and knew Desi Vega was one of the owners, who had now opened up his own place. We had been here when it was Mike's on the Avenue, so we knew the space pretty well also.  Upon entering, we noticed they had not really changed much from the Mike's days, in fact, I'd venture to say nothing had changed.  For a classy steak restaurant, I guess that's okay, but I'm used to something like Ruth's Chris where things are more subdued. 
Our waiter was awesome, he helped us figure a couple of things out, divided a big salad for us, and kept us satisfied. The food was good, but I was expecting more for the prices. We ordered steaks cooked medium, but neither of our steaks came out that way. They were more medium well, and yes, it doesn't sound like a big difference but it is. No matter, they were still great. We did ask our waiter but he said that's how they do it there.  Maybe he couldn't see my steak very well or something, but we didn't push it further. 
I have to say, the presentation of the food was a bit strange. The plates were barely bigger than the food. I'm not sure what that was about, but when they brought out our steaks, they were on smaller plates, plus they were hot plates. I guess I would have gone for a full size plate if I was given the choice. 
Overall, it didn't quite live up to my expectations, or my experience of a place like Ruth's Chris, but it was still a quality restaurant, and a place I'd go back to. They had a wide selection of wine, and a deal where you could order a porterhouse steak for two, which we may get on a return visit.Absolutely the best steak in New Orleans. I had the filet and it was so tender and cooked perfectly. The creamed spinach was also amazing. Great wine selection too. Great space for a steakhouse.Just returned from dinner here and was totally turned off by the matre d'. We arrived between 6 and 6:30 without reservations. The place was empty except for people at the bar. He directed us to a table in front of the waiter's station. I meekly asked if we could have another table and he huffed and put us in front of the kitchen door. Maybe I should have demanded better placement.
The dinner was nice, I had the lobster tail entree for $49.00. Yes, it is expensive. I was so turned off by the bad treatment that I probably won't go back. Oh yeah, as we left, the restaurant was only about half full.My Husband and I had a beautiful time as always . The Food was soooo good . Our Steaks was cooked to perfection . That. Excellent food, SOMETHING ABOUT THE WAY IT MADE ME FEEL  !!!!! Our server Kevin was amazing . The hostess Abby is a Diamond in the Ruff .Lance was not our server tonight , but he is awesome . Chris the. General Manager is always on top of things and actually visits the tables and check on the Guests . The Assistant General Manager Richard was great as well . We are elated regulars and always feel welcome by Desi Vega 's Staff . Thank you for your passion .Our table was ready when we walked in. This place isn't the largest yet busy so they carefully maximize their seating. Our servers Thomas and Kevin were a good team. Thomas worked with us as we decided on a bottle of wine. Attentive. We both ordered the Rib Eye. Succulent and juicy as expected. Suprised the Chef doesn't offer creamed horseradish. Perhaps they will consider offering this easy to make steak enhancement. Thomas was willing to stir some sourcream and horseradish together per our request. the Freddie Mac and cheese was recommended. The Andouille was a nice addition although we didn't identify the crawfish that was suppose to be in there. A minor snafoo happened with our creamed spinach. It impressed us that the food runner immediately recovered the issue without handing it back to the server. That way our second creamed spinach was eaten with the rest of our food. The red velvet brownie has excellent cream cheese but the brownie itself was rather boring. Almost like the flourless cakes that have reared it's boring head.What a great, quick lunch! I had a Groupon that was expiring, so my work bestie and I came for lunch. These burgers are amazing. The lunch prices are way more reasonable than I was expecting, also.Wow. We had high expectations, NO disappointments here. Yes real prime beef. They can Pittsburgh to perfection and the steak was perfectly cooked to temp. Randall and JC were our wait staff. Easy professional and appropriately attentive. While there, I cough Serveral allergy coughs, JC brought me honey that totally calmed them down. Red fish perfect and they even got the vegetables right. Don't miss this place. Two dinners, two sides, dessert coffee and drinks so reasonable we had to add a little to the tip to pay closer to the value we received. We come to NOLA about four time a year and will make this place a regular stop ! Congratulations to a job well done. Thanks for a perfect evening for two of the pickiest food snobs ever !Great steakhouse that will give Ruth Chris' a run for their money. The steak is served just like Ruth's on a hot plate soaked in butter; it was well-seasoned, and cooked to medium rare perfection. But what made this restaurant so great wasn't just the steak but the appetizers, sides and desserts. We had a large party so we were able to try everything they had to offer, and the highlights for me were: braised pork belly, crystal hot sauce onion rings, andouille and crawfish mac and cheese, fried calamari, creme brulee, and peanut butter and chocolate cake. The service was great and will definitely see us again. My only complaint would be that my petite filet was smaller than at other steak houses but since everything else was so good it didn't matter so much to me.We arrived for a birthday party for a group of 17, they gave us a table for 10. We all flew in for this event! They told us we changed the reservation time so this is what we have. Since when does changing the time change the headcount?!? After an hour of them looking for chairs, a few of us went to the bar to fix the seat issue. Took another hour to get a salad! I expressed that highly allergic to avocados. Guess what salad arrived with avocados. Now I'm waiting on my waitress to come back to check on me. Nevertheless I've been here two hours and have only had bread.Had reservations across the street at Marcello's.  However, we were dressed up because Yelp said it was Dressy! Everyone was dressed in shorts and we.....weren't! 
Went across the street to Desi Vega's. The service from Raymond was impeccable and the food was spectacularI give this place the lowest rating possible. We booked a reservation a day in advance to celebrate my aunts 50th birthday. When we arrived they couldn't accommodate our party size. They stated that the place was full and that they didn't have any chair in the entire place that they could put up to the table. We waited 2 hours after our reservation time before we even got menus. The servers acted like they didn't care that we were sitting and waiting to even get water. I felt so bad that my aunts big day was ruined. I would never come back here!!!!now this is real deal quality stuff for sure. i had possibly the best meal/night of my life here. everything was perfect. the service. the food. my company. everything! i would not have changed a thing. i wish every meal was as good & memorable as the one i had here!It was not bad but still pricey. There are definitely better places for the same type of food with better atmospheres. We sat in the bar area at a hightop because the main dining room was full but both the dining room and bar area look more like a nightclub theme than I nice restaurant- at least at night. We ordered a really expensive bottle of wine off the bat and won our server's undivided attention immediately- so the service was fantastic! We even were given the server's card in case we came back. The soup and salad were good, the steak and veggies needed updating. I felt like we were in an older steak house where new world fresh flavor was not on the menu. With all the wonderful food in NOLA, there was no need to go back.This place was.....warm & welcoming. The food was more than I expected it to be. I was here for a wedding rehearsal dinner. We had a personalized menu with 2-3 selections per course. I loved the way they set everything up, from the way they bring out the food to the way they keep up with your wants. They deliver everything to everyone at the same time and they do not sit your food on the table until everyone's food is out. Back to the food, the main course was seasoned well but the sides could've had a little more kick to it. No disappointments though. My favorite drink so far was the Jefferson Manhattan. It had the right kick to it. I would've given a half star for my 5th star because of the lady at the front desk that was kind of rude but the wait staff and food made up for that. It's a must visit while in the city. My favorite waiter was Vicki! Ask for her when being seated. Stop by for a visit!Great place for a weekday happy hour. I was there on a Wednesday at 5pm, and there were plenty of seats at the bar & throughout the lounge area. Grey Goose cocktails on special for $5 till 7pm. Martini style is only a buck extra. Bartender was so friendly and made sure guests drink & food orders were filled quickly. I had 2 appetizers. Both the Steak Quesadillas ($8) and the Steak & Lobster Oscar ($15) were excellent. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in NOLA.Perhaps our bartender was having an off night. Compared to the other reviews we read, our experience left much to be desired. In their defense, the food was very good. The service, however, was some of the worst I've seen in this city. The bartender was curt, inattentive, and smacked a stick of gum THE ENTIRE TIME we dined. We were placed near the service well where she huffed at every ticket that printed. Once she found out we came with a living social deal, all formalities flew out the window and we were snuffed out like we didn't belong there. We tipped appropriately considering the discount of our deal and were left with a rude slam of our check on the bar. I would not recommend this place to people who are traveling or come equipped with any sort of discounted deal because obviously people like us aren't welcome.Desi steakhouse is always a safe bet for steaks; however, its got some other great dishes like a meatball poboy. Its incredible.Winner winner, great steak dinner. This place is great. For me its one of the top three steakhouse in the city. 
The apps were great....I'd go with the bbq shrimp, who dat shrimp, calamari was awesome, great crab cake and the pork belly....DELICIOUS. 
I had the filet and it was great, but the sides were awesome also. The andouille sausage and crawfish mac and cheese is SO great.
Great service, very professional, great wine list. 
All in all, one of the best restaurants we have been to. We will go back again and again.A very solid restaurant. I loved the atmosphere - came here when it was Mike's. This place never feels stuffy or small. 
We started with the crab bisque (a special I think), the fried oyster special, the wedge salad, and the shrimp wrapped with bacon. The portions were HUGE. The wedge is GIANT. It was all very, very good. 
Someone had the red fish of the day, which was so so good. The steaks were obviously delicious and perfectly cooked. The two lobster tails were FABULOUS - I'll be getting this next time! 
We got a side of the macaroni-andouille-thing, which was good. The creamed spinach was okay, but not bad. And the Crystal onion rings were amazing! So good.
All in all a good meal.Steak was good.  Potato's were also good. I would go back again.  The white chocolate chip bread pudding desert was excellent.My wife and I went there to celebrate my birthday...the wait servers were outstanding-Jason and Victoria were at our every call...OUTSTANDING service and the rib eye and au gratin potatoes were spectacular!
We live in downtown Chicago and the rib eye at Desi Vega was the best we've had in some time!
The warehouse district is an area of New Orleans that must be publicized...if you go to New Orleans...bypass Bourbon Street and walk 15 minutes toward Lafayette Park and dine at Desi Vega!
Dennis and Pat...We spent our fifth anniversary at Desi Vega's, and it did not disappoint. The wait staff was attentive, and worked well together. Our waiter was very good about explaining the nuances of the menu, which was very nice. We started with a bottle of Gott cabernet, and were each served an amuse bouche of a meatball as well as some garlic bread--very tasty. We split the special salad (not on the menu) of hearts of palm, lump crabmeat, olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese with a balsamic dressing--between the two salads, I would say there was a good pound of lump crabmeat--spectacular, and the salads were split in the kitchen before they were served. Wonderful, wonderful. I ordered the surf and turf (6 oz filet with a 6 ounce lobster tail) and my husband ordered a filet. Both steaks were cooked to perfection. In my opinion, the lobster could have been cooked a little more, but this was remedied when I cut it up and placed it in the warmed butter over the stern. Mushrooms were excellent, and not your normal variety of button mushrooms. Creamed spinach was perfectly prepared. Dessert was complimentary because it was our anniversary, and we enjoyed the creme brulet with fresh berries. We were both thoroughly happy with our meal. Desi Vega's is one of the top steak restaurants in the city. We will be back, and we will recommend this restaurant to all of our friends looking for the perfect special occasion restaurant.Amazing! Steak was super tender. We got multiple sides and they were all delicious. Really enjoyed!Here is the sad part.  This was probably the best food I had during my entire vacation.  What made is bad is a RAT running across the floor after I finished dinner.  If you are one of the people who know and are okay that restaurants have rats I would highly recommend this place.Why not a 5th star? The meats were delicious perfect, the green tomatoes for the appetizer and the shrimp remoulade were gorgeous BUT my drink was very mediocre, cheap cherries and mediocre preparation with good bourbon doesn't make but a mediocre old fashion and the bread was just very regular. New Orleans has so many excellent bakeries, there is no excuse for not getting a good bread. I will try it again, maybe they will get the details ironed by then. i am hopeful!Service was great and so was the location. The steaks are encrusted with a large amount of peppercorn. I had trouble tasting my filet under all of that seasoning! If I return I'll be sure to ask that the pepper be omitted.The service was on point from the time we arrived until we left. Sean was outstanding.  The food was delicious! Creamy lobster Mac n Cheese, perfectly cooked steak, bacon wrapped shrimp and a brownie ala mode.   Wonderfully experience all the way around.Fabulous business dinner . The restaurant has large windows with views of Lafayette Square and Gallier Hall. We ordered the Who Dat Shrimp as an appetizer and would have been satisfied with just that. It's a stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon wth a drizzle of a remoulade sitting on a Thai chili sauce. I ordered the special salad with crabmeat and papaya which was lightly dressed and refreshing. Everyone at the table ordered steaks which is their specialty. They are served on hot plates over sizzling butter. I got the petite filet and ordered the Oscar topping of crabmeat and asparagus with bearnaise. The asparagus spears were on the side of the plate and the sauce was in a small gravy dish on the side. The steak was perfect and covered with crab. The only negative I can say is that some of the crab fell off into the sizzling butter and actually got a little too crispy. The peanut butter pie is the star dessert but the key lime was also good. Overall, it was a great dining experience. Oh, they also sent out a complimentary meatball in sauce before the steaks arrived which was delish.One of our favorite New Orleans steak houses.  One of our frequents.  Try the meatballs that are not on the menu.  They are wonderful.Wow!  I work in sales and we entertain clients often all over the US. I've been to some of the best restaurants and Desi was in the top five. The service is very personalized, professional waiters who know their business. 
We all had steaks that were cooked to perfection with great bottles of wine. Appetizers a d side dishes did not disappoint. 
Dessert... Don't miss the peanut butter pie...So glad to have spent our anniversary here! The entire experience was beyond my expectations! Dinner was amazing; fish of the day, Freddie mac, crawfish stuffed potato, New York strip and oreo cheesecake.I was sadly on a diet, and trying to be good as gold.  The salad was superb, apps were superb, and my bff ordered a NY strip.  She carved off half of it and put it on my plate.  What was I to do???? I scarfed it down and savored every molecule as I did so.  I have been to many, many wonderful steakhouses, from Hawaii to Chicago, NYC to Miami, London to Prague, France to... you get the picture!  I have to honestly tell you, this was one of the finest tasting and tender steaks I have ever enjoyed.  After I hit my goal weight, this is where I am celebrating- all the way from Philly!!!!!This was the worst experience.. ordered a drink, never came... ordered a salad... never came... waited over 25 minutes between courses and we had two waiters!! Steak came out rare.. extremely disappointed since all I wanted all Day was an incredible steak!Great dinner. Aromas took great care of us.  The food was awesome. Highly recommended!The steaks are not  the only great thing here. It has a great fish dish and the mix grill was  fabulous !  The fried green tomatoes w/crabmeat  and the salad with crabmeat were both delicious!!
The service was very prompt and  professional, yet very friendly!  Our waiters tonight were Matt and Eddie. 
This is our second time there  and both times were great experiences!!
We will return soonI had lunch at Desi's with a fairly large group (13) of women today. (Party booked approximately 2 weeks ago) The food was pretty good and though the "gang" service was a plus (a team of waiters serving each course to everyone at the table simultaneously), the service, overall, was sub-par. First of all, not one member of the wait staff introduced themselves to us, not one. I don't know if there was a team leader or not. I have no idea who was who. Secondly, someone took our orders, not too long after, we received our appetizers- then after about 30-40 minutes, our entrees were served.  We received the checks, with the auto 20% gratuity already added... and that was it. There was absolutely NO "personality" in the service. No genuine smiles, no zeal and no warmth. The dining experience was just as I described it, Blah. We were given just enough to say we were served, the bare minimum and nothing more. Sorry to say, but it was pretty clear the staff did not give us their absolute best because their 20% tip was "in the bag."My significant other brought me here for my b-day and from the drinks to dessert the food was spectacular. I thought our waiter was a bit too forward with my date and it made her uncomfortable given the fact she was trying to pay special attention to me for my b-day. She had a lengthy exchange with him about how he thought he knew her but she was sure she didn't know him. I sat and watched patiently. Not the service I'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber but we all have our off nights. Still giving it four stars.best steak i've ever had. any time in downtown new orleans, this is a must stop.***** - they deserves 10 stars! Incredible food and superior staff, we'll definitely be coming back on our next trip to New Orleans.One word AMAZING!!! Brian was the most friendliest and attentive waiter with a smile on his face. The food was fantastic. Our group left with utmost satisfaction. 10+ starsMy husband and I went to Desi Vega's for his birthday the night before NYE. Oh my gosh!!! When you walk in the door, you are hit with the aroma of steak, pure meat deliciousness! Service was good, there were some things that could have been improved, but with all the big parties in the main area, I understood the slow drink times and kitchen misfire. With that being said, the restaurant took care of the hiccups that occurred, and went over and beyond to make it up to us. I worked in the industry for years, and it makes me upset that people can be brutal to the waiting staff over mistakes. Sometimes it was a push of a wrong button, and sometimes it's on the kitchen. We made sure to let our server know we were not upset and it happens. They took great care of us regardless 
My husband ordered the BBQ shrimp and almost licked the plate! He also ordered the bone in filet with the au poivre sauce and sweet potatoes. I ordered the surf and turf (petite flirt and lobster tail) with blue crust and asparagus. Idk what we were expecting but we were shocked at the sizes of the steaks! So much bigger than we expected!! And my lobster tail was not the itty bitty little tail you get at most places. This tail was massive, it took up over half the oval plate!! Sorry no pictures, I was too busy choking down! But the flavor of those steaks, holy shit!! Pardon my French, but I have never had a steak that flavorful that wasn't a ribeye. It was the stuff beef lovers dream of in a perfect filet. My leftovers tasted the exact same reheated two days later! For my husband they brought out a birthday red velvet brownie that I devoured! And I hate red velvet! 
Overall great drinks, AMAZING steaks and a great dinner experience!Steak was very average. Too many other steakhouses to choose from. Would not recommend. Fun atmosphere though. Service was very good also.This steak house is a must when you are in NO. It's a place to see and to be seen, one of the top restaurants in the city.. drinks are great and is well located.Richard is phenomenal! One of the best dining experiences I've had thus far. Happy Hour offers coconut shrimp and steak and lobster. The two bartenders Karen and Steve (a.k.a "Loco") were absolutely lovely and welcomed me with the finest southern hospitality. Thankyou Desi for delicious wine, service, and food. I will definitely be back!This place is phenomenal.  A wonderful atmosphere combined with great service and superb food.  The steaks were second to none and sides/salads delicious.  It's a little pricy but well worth the money.One of my favorite steakhouse in New Orleans. They are affiliated with with Mr. John steakhouse on St. Charles Ave, so their menus are similar. Both places are great.Pretty disappointing... the steak was a great cut of meat, but the service was just okay for what you're paying. And the side dishes... not good. Never have I had a creamed spinach at a steakhouse that tasted sour and totally overcooked. Not rushing back here.Yet another great steakhouse in the city!  Mr. John's is great, but surprisingly I had a better experience at Desi Vega!  But honestly, you can't go wrong with either restaurant.  I came here spontaneously one night because of one of my random steak craving attacks and I'm so glad I made the decision to come.  We ordered the Blackened Tuna Napoleon, and Who Dat Shrimp to start off.  Both were delicious, but the tuna definitely won over my heart.  I couldn't get enough of it.  We then ordered the Rib-Eye cooked medium rare.  I added the blue cheese crust to mine and sides of the Mac and Cheese, and the Crystal Hot Sauce Onion Rings I've heard so much about.  Everything was superb!!  The serving for the onion rings were extremely generous; we barely put a dent in them.  They had to have been one of the best I've tried.  The Mac and Cheese was also pretty stellar.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly, so no complaints there.  We also ordered the Red Velvet Brownie a la Mode for dessert, which was also good.  I wish it was warmed, but that's a very minor issue.  I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our dinner, and it's been a while since I was able to say that.
The service was impeccable!  Our waiters checked on us regularly to ensure we were enjoying everything, but never too much for it to become a nuisance.  We never had to ask for a refill.  They were also especially helpful with helping us pick out items on the menu.  Overall, it was a magnificent dining experience; I'll definitely be back!The food was absolutely perfect. I started with the Who Dat shrimp, and had a steak and potato for the main course. They were all perfect. The atmosphere and location are great, and the valet drivers were very nice. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the wait staff. They weren't horrible, but they really didn't seem very welcoming. I had my birthday dinner there with a small group of friends (5 total), and it took us forever to get dinner menus. After they gave us the drink menus, It's like they forgot about us altogether. We waited patiently, and when we finally asked for the dinner menus, the server gave us attitude. He seemed very friendly to the customers at the table next to ours though. Anyway... I'll visit again but request a different server.Tonight we celebrated my nephew's 16th birthday. We could not have chosen a better place for this special occasion. Food and service were second to none! Thanks so much to Chris Siegrist for making our experience so amazing. JD was an exceptional server with the same passion for food as us. The steaks were cooked to perfection and every course was absolutely delicious. Through his knowledge of wine, Bradley helped us choose the best pairings to accompany our meals. Desi Vega's has been a favorite of ours for a long time and will always be our first choice for special celebrations!Per my buddies, Desi Vega's is one of New Orleans' best steakhouses.  I am not sure about that.  
We did a guy's steak night here on a Wednesday.  Easy reservation, nice hostess and seated promptly after drinks from the bar.  I started with the turtle soup which was great.  I get turtle soup a lot, and this was a great batch.
Then I went ribeye...cooked rare.  I only order rare at restaurants because that usually gets me medium rare.  And if I actually get rare, well that works.  I just don't like my steaks overcooked.  So the cut comes out, and the plate is sizzling.  At Desi Vega's, they don't just sell the steak, they sell the sizzle.  Cut into what looked to be a nicely marbled ribeye and it was cooked medium.  This was a peripheral bite, so I gave the chef some slack. About two bites later, closer to center, and I am still at medium.  Maybe it cooked on the plate or maybe I just let Desi Vega's slide with an overcooked ribeye.  At any rate, it was less than ideal.  
But, this is actually forgivable.  I will still eat a steak that is overcooked if it seasoned really well.  This steak was not.  I like my steaks well-seasoned.  Basically, I like them salted, and then salted some more before being cooked perfectly. I'm not a fan of the buttered steak.  It was a combination of overcooking and lack of seasoning, that left my steak night unfulfilled.  
The restaurant did earn an extra star for a killer red velvet dessert.  It was some kind of red velvet cake with a side of ice cream.  This was incredible.  
The restaurant is classy with a good wait staff.  It's a fun place to grab dinner. The turtle soup and dessert earned them a few stars.  But I was let down on the main course.  Probably won't repeat Desi Vega's.Tried Desi Vega's on an early Saturday evening. My first impression was less than stellar as we had no reservation and the lady at the door didn't seem to have a desire to ensure we received a table. Now given we were a few minutes early but still she seemed a we bit prudish. Then a very nice waiter came asked if it was just the two of us and said sure we can find a table. He proceeded to seat us and then from that point the staff was very friendly. We both had a ribeye; as expected both cooked to prefection and the sides were very flavorful. Being a native TXN & growing up raising cattle, I don't take my beef lightly. This was a good meal albeit a bit pricey, but considering the location, this was expected. For those wanting a good steak in the Quarter, you should try Desi Vega'sDesi Vega's is hands down one of the top Steakhouses, The food and service was outstanding.  Alex and JD made our dining experience most enjoyable.  No doubt we will return and highly recommend to others.My family went to Desi Vegas to celebrate my daughter's college graduation.  Without a doubt, we were treated like royalty.  The food was fantastic, the drinks and desserts were out of this world.  A very special shout out to Bradley... who also provided the best after-dinner drink we'd ever tasted.  Thanks to all of the staff for a great memory.  You've upstaged our previous "Best Steakhouse - and Experience- in New Orleans ".  And the competition was not an easy one.The BEST petite filet and creme brulee my boyfriend and I had both ever eaten. We actually had to pack a good bit of our food to-go because there are so many delicious and recommended food items that we ordered too much. Because of this, we had to eat our leftover filets the next day (darn) and it was still so scrumptious! 
Many people love the Freddie Mac, but we did not and that is my one negative (which is just an opinion). The onion rings- yes! Turtle soup and French onion soup- perfection! Soft shell crab appetizer special- huge portion! 
Aside from the steak and brulee, service was my next favorite about this place. It is truly impeccable, as I observed all servers around us. Randall and Karen 100% took care of us and were extremely thorough in walking us through our first visit there. I would definitely go back again and highly recommend it for a steakhouse.The stars are in relation to the price. The food was really good, but the prices were also really high. 
I had the filet, medium rare, and it was delicious. Super tender and cooked to the right level of done-ness, if not even a smidge on the rare side. That was OK, though, the smoking hot plate continued to cook the steak. The table ordered the asparagus and au gratin potatoes to share as sides. Good, but nothing super outstanding. 
The best thing we had, IMO, was the Who Dat Shrimp appetizer. Fantastic!Awesome bar and food. The Who Dat Shrimp and steak bruschetta were addictive.  Great service and Alex our bartender was very professional and attentive. We will be returning.Omg!! This food was heavenly!!! I found myself continuing to eat even after I was full cause it was just so delicious!!! And our waiters JD and Brian were great, though I must say Brian was much more attentive to our needs where as JD only came to the table at the start and end of our meal...A special birthday calls for a special place.A great place for the night. We started with delicious seafood bisque, which was a special for tonight & Caesar  salad. Dinner entree: filet, strip and the amazing sides were spinach & sweet potato. Another side that was a special tonight was twice baked potato. Oh can't forget the terrific dessert peanut butter pie & red velvet brownie & ice cream. Rene our server was so nice & personable. Desi also was very personable & made sure everything was great. Love this placeGood but expensive.Very friendly wait staff. Managers really stiff.Pathetic valet,horrible attitude.The guy just disasppears,then gets big tips.Scraped my car.Won't valet park again.Goofy looking dude with glasses,made a good experience bad.Best filet I think I ever had  . August gratin potatoes are a must try too. Dennis was a knowledgeable waiter and wonderful. Thank you.Downtown New Orleans has a very popular non chain steak house known as Mr. John's.  So popular in fact that finding an open table during peak weekend hours can be difficult.  So the management figured out a unique means to expand: open a new restaurant at another downtown location -in this case next to the Lafayette hotel- but with the same menu under a different name.  And with that Desi Vega's was born.
With the market saturation of the higher end chain steak houses they seem to dominate and set the bar for premium steaks.  So a locally owned, independent steak house can be a more rewarding and unique experience.  That is IF their steaks are good.  So I ordered Vega's very well seasoned, medium rare, rib eye.  The good news is Desi Vega's has nothing to worry about from Morton's or Ruth Chris.  The steak was excellent!
Vega's also has a daily specials menu that offers some surf choices and my friend enjoyed their stuffed shrimp with lobster as well.  The asparagus side was also very good but could have had an option of a sauce choice.  Speaking of sides the menu  offered several additional enticing options.  Starter wise we had the crab cake appetizer and it was fantastic as well.
The service was attentive and spot on.  Two entries, two glasses of wine and a shared appetizer was very reasonable.    So for all the New Orleans downtowners craving a Mr. John's steak experience, fear not,  Desi Vega's has your table waiting for you.  Even for a guy wearing DC shoes and Mavi jeans among the sport coats and suits.    :)Approachable steakhouse with impeccable service. The "Who Dat" shrimp and all steaks here are amazing ! Just keep in mind, it's a loud place (vaulted ceilings and downtown area), so not really an intimate/ romantic date night spot. I was definitely be returning. Haven't found a steak to top it yet!Desi Vega's is one of my absolute favorite restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of dining at. While it does say dressy attire, you don't have to dine here dressed in suits or ties. Do come dressed nice but nothing over the top.  I was first introduced to Desi's on a date. So on-top of it having sentimental value to me, the amazing atmosphere, food and service have instantly made this my favorite place to eat always. The steak is incomparable. Always seasoned and cooked to perfection. The lobster and pork chops are some of my favorites as well. I love how it's located in the heart of New Orleans and you can enjoy it at any time of the day whether lunch or dinner. Desi Vega's is always one of my most recommended places while in New Orleans.A special birthday calls for a special place.A great place for the night. We started with delicious seafood bisque, a special for tonight & Caesar  salad. Dinner entree filet, strip and amazing sides spinach & sweet potato. Another side that was a special tonight was twice baked potato. Oh can't forget the terrific dessert peanut butter pie & red velvet brownie & ice cream. Rene our server was so nice & personable. Desi also was very personable & made sure everything was great.Bone in cowboy ordered medium. Overcooked and super dry. Buffalo shrimp really were not using a buffalo sauce (seafood based sauce that was disgusting). Comp garlic bread was excellent. Service was subpar (they actually took my plate without asking me even though there was a good chunk of a $50 steak sitting there and I was chewing on the previous bite. In all it was $100 meal that I regret. Don't waste your hard earned shekels here.I bought a LivinigSocial Voucher, $20 for $40. I have forgotten that Desi Vega has the same owner as Mr. John's Steakhouse. It is located right next to the Lafayette Square. 
The menu is pretty much similar to other steakhouses. My husband ordered the soft shell crab special as a starter, spinach salad, and the ribeye to share. 
Soft shell crab appetizer- surprisingly good. I am not a fan of the typical New Orleans fried seafood. This was lightly battered and perfectly fried. Not greasy at all. 
Spinach salad- spinach salad with bacon, egg, red onion, and warm vinaigrette. I didn't like it too much because there were too much dressing on the salad. 
Rib eye- I enjoyed the rib eye. It was cooked at the temperature I liked. The steak was tender and flavorful. 
Overall experience, typical steakhouse atmosphere with good food and service.Just when I thought Mr. John Steakhouse was my favorite, I found this steakhouse to be equally amazing!  Desi Vega is brother/sister restaurant to Mr. John.  I have to say, their steak quality remains phenomenon!  It was my sister birthday, so we decided to give it a try since we have heard good things about it!  We ordered a Cowboy Steak, which is a bone-in Ribeye, and the server suggested to share since it is roughly a 16oz steak.  So we did, and it was definitely a great idea.  The steak was huge!  The steak is perfectly seasoned and meat are sooo tender because of it being bone-in.  I can see that the steak must have been perfectly aged!  I absolutely LOVE it!  We also ordered two sides:  Freddie Mac and Cheese (mac and cheese with Andouille sausages and crawfish), and grilled asparagus.  The asparagus was nicely seasoned and texture was just perfect.  The mac and cheese was a little too salty to my taste, but the favor was still very good.
For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding and the Oreo Peanut Butter Ice Box.  The bread pudding was okay, but the ice box, Ooo la la... it was delicious!
So now, about the service, AMAZING!  We have two servers serving our tables.  My sister had a Groupon for $20, and they gladly took it without even a bit attitude.  The main server (Brian) also suggested us to share the steak which he could have just suggested two steaks to increase the check.  He also made sure that we had two hot plates so that we can share our steak.  He constantly checked on us to make sure we got what we needed and both of them are so personable!  Also, he asked if there was anything he could have done better till the end of the meal and asked us to come back next time!
I had such a great experience there, and they have definitely set my new standard for good steak!Huge portions!  Steak, potatoes & a dessert w/raspberries.  Think typical steakhouse & pricing similar to the Palm.  They squeezed our party in before the Paul McCartney concert.  We dropped significant cash as my partners also had alcohol.  The service was lightning fast as we had been accommodated.  
Great meal, service & hit to the bank account!Winning place. Friendly greeting at the door. Delightful service. And even check on by management during the meal. A+ to this team.  Loved the who dat shrimp. Stuffed with crab and wrapped in bacon. And the sauce subtle get a perfect blend. I have the catch. It was pan seared grouper with a lemon butter sauce. Veggies to garnish. I added the onion rings. Thin but more like what I call tobacco onions. Mixed well with all the flavors.  I was impressed. The grouper was cooked just right. And they were packed. Great team in back if house. The pretty blonde female manager served my dish. Great team player. It's all about the guest and this restaurant has got it right. Will return againI had a livingsocisl deal and went here for the porterhouse for 2. It's 36 oz of glorious meat! I couldn't finish it there was so much. We also had a glass of cabernet as well as a shared side of twice baked potatoes w Crawford sauce on top. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. We ate in the lounge area and Karen took care of us. She was a down to earth perfect waitress and was very attentive to all our newds. We also love the free garlic bread! Excellent, excellent, excellent. (My pic is posted in the photos)Been here twice spread two years apart. A little over priced. My husband's steak was good both times. The first time mine was overcooked, the second time it was swimming in butter, as were my asparagus. My caesar salad came out room temperature instead of cold and there were plenty of the undesirable brown tinged lettuce pieces in it--definitely not a $13 worthy salad. Server also tried to up-charge something he shouldn't have, but when I pointed it out he fixed it. Overall, not the worst steak place, but definitely also not worth the $150+ a couple price tag you're going to end up spending there.Wonderful dinner! Amazing food, good service and management went well above what was expected to make our dinner very special! We will definitely go back.What a great steak restaurant !  Right on St Charles Ave next to Lafreniere Square. Lots of Windows to look over the park. 
As soon as we entered we greeted with smiles and a handshake. The service was excellent and personable. 
We started with the who dat shrimp which was awesome. Then we had wedge salads with lots of bacon bits and wonderful dressing. Nick had the strip steak and I had the filet , both were seared and cooked perfectly. We finished off with the peanut butter ice box pie , it was very good. All in all , a wonderful dining experience. Can't wait to go back.Went for a date night and the filet was divine. Everything we ate was phenomenal with impeccable service to boot. Can't wait to go back!From the moment arrived we were treated like Kings and Queen - simply impeccable service.  Our server, Brian, was exceptional.  My wife and I wanted to take our three young kids to a nice family dinner on our last day of vacation and we are so glad we chose Desi Vega's Steakhouse.  We ordered The Who Dat Shrimp and calamari - delicious.  For entrees our kids split the surf and turf and without asking they split the entrees for them on warm plates (not sizzling hot like our adult plates). The GM even came by to make sure their plates were not hot.  The kids loved every bite. My wife had the filet and it was cooked to perfection. I had the ribeye chef'a special and it was amazing.  All our sides were delicious. We live in Dallas and are familiar with high end steakhouses and this one exceeded many of those.  We can't wait to return to New Orleans and one of our first stops will be Desi Vega's!