Deville has some of the best breakfasts in town. I had the Farm House crepe with egg, sausage and cheese and it was unbelievable. It was a very large portion for the money and I could not finish it. You have to try it.My hubby and I are in town(yet again) to celebrate our wedding anniversary and we craved crepes. We typically go the Merchant, to fulfill that craving, but today we decided to try something new. And I'm so glad we did. My husband and I both ordered the same crepe, I'm A sucker for a savory one. We ate the Scarface: sausage, mozzarella, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, sautéed onions, and fresh basil! Did I mention how much I love BASIL, the crepe had the perfect amount, they definitely didn't skimp. Oh, the price it was only $9.50. It was hearty, filling, and seasoned perfectly. I topped my meal off with  Cafe Au Lait, YUM! Deville was priced better than our typical crepe pla, and tasted better. I might come back for another one for dinner! I'm kidding...or maybe I'm not!Left full, caffeinated, big smiles and clean plates. Couldn't be happier plus the gluten free crepe mix is delicious.The guys working laughed at my coffee order- humph! Coffee snobs!!! ;) Ok. So I know nothing of coffee... They fixed me up with something delicious to go with my caramel apple crepe. I will forgive them now. You can totally overcome the snobbery- just taste those crepes!!!Crepe and coffee were good. Got the ABC crepe with an americano. The place was easy to get to had a nice seating area.
Not sure if I am prepared to pay that price again.I'm standing outside right now at 7:30, and it is closed. I just watched the last employee lock up and walk off.
Here on yelp, they list their hours as being open until 8. On the storefront, it says they're open until 9. Another couple just walked up to go here, and said the place is never open. 
I guess the moral is don't come here in the evening and expect it to be open.So far this is the worst restaurant I've been to in New Orleans. Not only was my crepe under-cooked and mediocre at best, the service was practically non existent. Judging by the crowd and staff, this is a hippster hang out; however, it's clear from the customer service and halfhearted cooking that the workers are too cool to be accommodating towards patrons. The cook looks like she just came back from Burning Man and the food deliverer had major attitude. When we went to order, the guy at the counter ignored us while he was joking around with the staff. Finally, we order our breakfast and sat outside. Our lattes sat on the counter for 10 minutes without a word from the staff in an empty restaurant. When we finally got our lattes, the milk was burnt and bitter. Next, my crepe came out at least 10 minutes before my husband's meal. And when his was finally delivered it was cold. And the final straw was the cook coming outside and sitting next to us smoking her cigarette. Just obnoxious.mmmm this is one of the best things i ate on my trip to nola! i ordered the florentine crepe, which has chicken, onions, spinach, feta, and mozzarella cheese. the crepe was massive, and they were very generous with the toppings (plenty of chicken and cheese). i usually go for sweet crepes but was saving room for beignets so opted for a savory crepe and wow i'm so glad i did! it was a fantastic crepe and really hit the spot. the cafe is really cute too, tucked away on magazine street in the garden district- a great place to stop for a mid afternoon snack! the prices are also relatively affordable, especially compared to the crepe cart in the french quarter french market. would highly recommend stopping for a crepe here if you're in the garden district!!This place is amazing! 
Crepes are goooood, so far my favorite is the Florentine. Sizes are huge, so you can buy one and share with one more person. 
Coffee is also of decent quality and the ambiance is really good, chairs and tables are comfortable and outlets are plentiful. So far it has been my favorite place to work.
The only thing thou is that the bathroom is tiiiiny! :(This is my go to place when I can't make coffee at home. it's so close and the vibe is relaxed. I find they take a lot of pride with putting the coffee drinks together. They have a delightful selection of crepes. I've had the Nutella banana one and it was amazing. I look forward to trying another one.Stopped by after reading the reviews. Having lived in Europe most of my life, we call crepes just pancakes and I've certainly missed having some. 
My expectations were certainly met. Had the Monte Cristo which had great Swiss cheese and a runny egg in the middle. Then I just had to try their Strawberry Lucy.... I just died and gone to heaven. That was the best crepe I've had here in the US. 
So stop reading this review and go get yourself a crepe here!My daughter was dying for a crepe, so we headed out to De Ville. The vibe in the place is definitely more cafe than restaurant with people working on their laptops on the tables, but I wouldn't call it unwelcoming like some places like that.  The lady behind the counter was very friendly and helpful as we placed our order.
Each of us ordered a different crepe - 3 savories and a sweet.  My son got a grilled cheese crepe with so much gooey cheesiness- he loved it.  My husband had a pesto concoction that was also a hit.  I had a ham, Brie and apple crepe that could have been warmer but I still ate every bite. My daughter would not share her Nutella strawberry crepe ... It looked really good though.
I recommend this place if you are looking for something a little different.We took the Hop on Hop off bus and stopped a block down from this cafe. We were deciding between Vietnamese, Burritos, or Crepes. It's been a while since we've had crepes, so decided to give them a try. Got the Olga and Surfer crepes, very tasty. Coffee good too. Cool music and vibe.Interesting and quirky decor, friendly service and a straightforward menu with a number of diverse crepe and drink options. options. I had the florentine and my boyfriend has the Tuscan. Both were excellent!  Both had a good number of ingredients and I'm pleased that the ingredients were well balanced. 
We finished with a banana and Nutella crepe - fab!My friend has a wheat (not gluten) allergy and she asked if the buckwheat Crepes if they were safe to eat, if there was regular wheat flour in them. No one could actually tell her what was in them. It's hard for me to trust a restaurant that doesn't know what the ingredients are. I'm sure it's a lovely place but not very accommodating to any sort of dietary restrictions.The fresh ingredients, and the excellent service is what sets this quaint boutique restaurant apart. We had the Atlantic and you could taste the care and craft they took in preparing it. After getting only 4 hours of sleep last night this was what I was needing to start a perfect day!Coffee delicious and a nice break from all the shopping on Magazine! I was surprised by all the options of crepes! Looked amazing and all made to order.AT LAST! Finally DeVille is back up and running. I have frequented this coffee shop since it's conception, and with a fun staff and great product, I would have to say this is my favorite coffee spot in the neighborhood. The service is always quick, which is important for those days I'm running late. The drinks and food have always been reasonably priced, and the quality has always been on point. I also enjoy the cozy environment. I feel that I could really sit and converse with a friend or get some work done, without crazy distractions. Now that they offer crepes I can also put them on the list for a good breakfast/brunch spot.We were the only patrons when we walked in the afternoon following Mardi Gras, hoping to find some cold drinks and a bathroom. The drinks (an iced mocha and an iced latte) were relatively big, and very tasty. The chill barista was friendly, and the bathroom--while TINY and awkwardly laid out, as others have mentioned--got the job done. We were happy to be able to sit at the window and watch people stroll along Magazine Street while we finished our drinks.Yowza!!  My Atlantic is amazing as is my daughters caramel apple.   My sons farmhouse looks great but he ain't Sharing.   Supper nice folks.  The music is perfect.  Happy place!!I've never had a crepe before but if they are all like this then I may have found my new favorite food. I'm not a sweets fan so I went with savory instead and I'm glad I did. We're here on vacation for a week but this may be the only place we go to for breakfast from here on out.I thought this place was quite good.  I love the creative crepe combinations and the coffees were great.  My husband had an iced mocha latte and I had a cafe au lait.  The crepes were really good and I love that you have the option of using the buckwheat batter too.  I really want to come back and try some of the sweet crepe combinations.I was looking forward to crepes and coffee but I was really turned off by the entire experience. I walked in and said hi and the two employees stared at me and did not acknowledge me or the second customer who walked in. I asked if I was supposed to order up front or wait for someone to come to the table and the employee simply said no. Please try to communicate clearer with customers.
I went up to order, paid and decided to sit outside. After a longer than expected wait, one employee came out with my plate and placed it on the table. He didn't bring any utensils so I went inside to get some. He never came back out to check in on anyone. You can at least give customers a heads up and let them know where to get the utensils. The service was very slow and besides three customers (including myself), it was pretty empty in the morning. 
It was pretty smokey inside and there was a lack of ventilation so it wasn't pleasant to sit inside. The space is an older building and hasn't been maintained well. FYI, the bathroom is incredibly small so anyone over 5 feet may have trouble sitting on the toilet. 
The crepes came in large portions but there was way too much cheese in them. I never complain about too much cheese in anything but this was overwhelming. The two employees were cold and non-communicative towards me and other customers. I was really dissatisfied and will not be returning.Breakfast visit on Dec 6. We ended up here because District Donuts was unexpectedly closed for the day. 
We ordered the: 
-Create Your Own Crepe with Mushrooms and Swiss Cheese - A surprisingly generous serving of ingredients in the crepe. It was well made and VERY cheesy. 
-Strawberry/Chocolate Crepe - A good, standard dessert crepe, comparable to most creperies. Nothing stands out about it. 
-Iced Chai Latte with a shot of espresso - Delicious! 
The customer service was both good and bad. The male barista was very friendly and accommodating while the female barista who was working with him had an attitude. We asked for 2 glasses of water with our meal and we only received one. When we asked for the 2nd glass, she responded with attitude and was hesitant to give it to us. She was dismissive when we were called up to the counter to get our food plates and drinks.The crepes are insanely amazing!!! Big in size and super delicious. Plus their iced coffee is so good.  Definitely a great place to lunch and enjoy a low key environment.The crepes were delicious and my espresso milkshake was great pick me up after breakfast. Would recommend this place to anyone wanting crepes from breakfast or lunch.The ABC crepe was amazing. Had a dirty iced chai and an iced coffee, both delicious. Staff seemed a little stressed out. Four stars because the bathroom is nearly impossible for people who need to sit to use. Work on your squats before using it!This gal must have studied in France, fallen in love with delicious crepes, and then brought them home to New Orleans. Delicious. The Monte Cristo was basically thinly sliced ham, a fried egg, quality cheese, and a little syrup on top of the wrapped bundle of crepe joy. 
4 out of 5 because it cost me $10 for that and coffee, but it was honestly a good little breakfast.Decent food. Not for tourists. The guys working here don't seem to like their jobs much and have no chill for tourists. Locals only vibe.The best crepes I've ever had! By the time I savored the first crepe I ordered, I wanted to go right back in and order second order. Unfortunately, I  was passing through on a road trip. But, it's that good -- finish the first crepe ordered and you'll be wanting another order!Wasn't too impressed.  I had the Alamo which had huge chunks of veges and no housemade salsa as advertised.  My son had the cheese and ham and it was average at best.  For dessert I did have the Lucy which was way better.  If I was to ever get a crepe again it would be a sweet one.  
The bathroom is horrible, worse than any Porta potty I have been into.  No space and dirty.  Try taking your 3 year old to potty in there.This place is SO cute! The coffee and service are great! Didn't have a crepe but will update ^_^
EDIT: I had a Capri, a savory crepe with basil, mozzarella and tomato, it was delicious!I was in town for the weekend and was lucky to stumble across this gem. What an adorable crepe and coffee shop! I had such a tough time deciding between a savory crepe and one with Nutella in it, but I went with the bacon, egg, and cheese one and it did not disappoint. They also make some delicious cold brew coffee in house. The two girls behind the counter were very friendly. I hope I get to go back there one day!Not authentic crepes. The sweet crepes have a good consistency but lack flavor. They also cool very quickly which is not the case with authentic crepes. Way toooooo much Nutella on my strawberry, banana, Nutella crepe.Absolutely delicious freshly made food and espresso. I ordered a make your own on buckwheat with egg, bacon, mozzarella, onions, and pesto, and my friend ordered a Florentine, and both were among my favorite crepes I've ever had! Paired with a delicious cortado, I'm absolutely satisfied.The restaurant was very clean. The service was fantastic. The people that work here are charming and nice. We had the Capri and strawberry Lucy crapes. They were fantastic. Come here!The crepes were overpriced and took too long to make.  They also were not the most authentic crepes I've had. I feel like the girl making them must have been very new at it because they were thick and mushy.  The regular coffee tasted like a cigarette.
Overall not a great experience & won't be going back.Some of the best crepes I've ever had.  Friendly and helpful staff,  amazing iced tea, perfect for a hot day, and delicious home made crepes!  Definitely somewhere I would go again!  It's a perfect hidden gem in NOLA and I highly recommend it!While waiting for check in at our Airbnb home we stopped by Magazine st and ended up going to this nice little coffee house. The interior was a little dark but still open and plenty of seats. The staff was friendly enough and we got our Crêpes in a short amount of time. 
My boyfriend had a savory crepe, he described it as filling and cheesy. I had the mocha crepe and it had nice flavor but a bit too soggy for me.Sometimes the concept and expectation exceed the execution, and unfortunately, this was one of those times. I had a killer of a sweet tooth, and my sweetie had a taste for coffee (a coffee tooth??), so a coffee and creperie joint sounded like a perfect match. This was a quaint spot, with the eclectic mix of decor and staff of seemingly quirky people you would expect in New Orleans. The menu features an assortment of sweet and savory crepes, so no matter your mood, you should be able to find something to your liking. When torn between the caramel apple and the Lucy (strawberries, powdered sugar, and amaretto cream) crepes, our incredibly friendly clerk immediately told me to go with the Lucy. She said it was a "favorite." And so I did. The better half was able to order an off-menu white chocolate mocha coffee, which we especially appreciated! Moments later, my crepe arrived. The presentation was okay, but I'm more into taste than flair usually. One bite in, I tasted onion. I thought, "It was just my imagination, right?" I took another bite, this one full of cream, strawberries, sugar, crepe. More onion. The only explanation that came to mind was no one cleaned the cooktop between the previous savory order and mine. Call me crazy, but I ate on. The onion flavor was less intense, but still present. Aside from the onion, the crepe itself was a little chewier than I like. Also, the amaretto cream didn't taste of amaretto at all. For me, this isn't so bad because I am not a big amaretto fan. For someone, however, looking for that amaretto flavor to come through, you will be disappointed. On a brighter note, my husband adored his flavored coffee as it was sweet, warm and delicious. As for me, my tastebuds and I left disappointed.. and little confused, in search of another food adventure.I got the banana Nutella crepe. It was ok until I found a long strand of hair in my food. I went up to the register and told them. The woman making the crepe (with the same hair color as the one in my food) said "oh shoot... let me make you another one" unapologetically. RUDE!! Never coming back here again!I came for the crepes. Wasn't overly impressed by the atmosphere; it was a little dead and the people working there didn't really look like they wanted to be there. When I got my crepe, I was first disappointed at the apparent paucity of berries, only to realize that they were in fact inside. Indeed, it was packed with them, points for that.
Still, compared to some of the other places I go for crepes in New Orleans, it was nowhere near, say, the Crepe Cart or Toast in its level of indulgence or deliciousness.Had a fabulous crepe here called Scarface.  Come try one out for yourself. Excellent.   I'll be back for sure.  My wife ordered the Nutella crepe and added bacon.  Mucho awesomeness !!Hard to fathom why a coffee house would not have brewed coffee prepared during peak breakfast time - brewed coffee was weak, cappuccino was too foamy - food was tasty and gets them the 3rd star!This is my very favorite coffee shop on Magazine Street in the Lower Garden District!  Scratch that, my favorite coffee shop in the world!  Awesome crepes, the best homebrewed chai in the city, and a delightful staff of old-hearted curmudgeons.  A nice place to take a break from your shopping adventures.Deville offers beautifully crafted crepes. You'd be disappointed if you think for a minute that you won't have to wait. These crepes take time and care and they are very much worth the 5 to 10 minute wait depending on how busy. The options are diverse and all equally delicious.This place is great for working.  The seats are incredibly comfy, and the food, crepes, is fantastic.   The coffee while good is not my favorite but overall I would rate this place as one of my favorite in the city for camping and getting some work done.  There are plenty of plugs, and no pressure, the staff are really quite nice.  
One downfall is the toilet.  Its basically the size of a broom closet.  I would suggest holding it till later if you catch my drift.I was excited to try this place after a friend highly recommended it. Went to the shop and saw there was somewhat of a line (maybe 7 people in front of us) but we decided to wait anyway. After nearly 30 minutes in line, my boyfriend, friend, and I finally got to the counter where the cashier told us that it would be another hour and a half wait because they had an 18 top ahead of us. We were very frustrated since not only we were very hungry by that point, but the cashier saw us standing in line for nearly 30 minutes and didn't think of the courtesy to let us know that we wouldn't be served. Plus, I was shocked it would take over an hour and a half to make a few crepes since they are famously known to be a quick breakfast option. I would have never even have waited to sit at a fancy Italian restaurant for two hours, much less a quick breakfast place.
I would suggest if you go by the shop and see a line, just don't even bother as you will get incredibly inconsiderate service for an $8 crepe.I am absolutely in love with this place! It has a cool and quirky vibe on the inside, and they have sidewalk seating available out front. The coffee is delicious and very reasonably priced compared to some of the high end coffee chains. The crepes are FREAKIN AMAZING!!! I find it hard not to go for the strawberries and chocolate, or banana and Nutella crepes, but I have vowed to try one of their savory crepes very soon. The savory crepes include combos that could work well whether you are in for breakfast, lunch or dinner. They have the crepe station set up behind a glass window so that you can watch them prepare your crepes fresh to order. Lastly, the staff is super friendly and helpful, even when they are busy they try to make some time for conversation, and have always been very courteous. I look forward to coming back again and again!Love this place! 
The menu is incredibly diverse, and the food is fresh, and the coffee is amazing. It is not a speedy restaurant, so plan to sit and enjoy your coffee as it is made, as it is well worth the wait.
Friendly staff, reasonably priced, and cute ambiance.Great people awesome crepes - just a really nice spot to have a sip and a bite! I got a crepe with apple bacon and cheddar. Simple and delish. The wife got the Lucy. It looked great. She loved it - I didn't try it for fear that she'd bite me.
Go here.Was looking for a different coffeehouse and just discovered Deville on Magazine. Saw The Atlantic crepe on the menu and tried it, being a big fan of salmon. It was perhaps one of the best crepes I've ever had with tomato, grilled onion, fresh spinach, and capers. And the crepe was perfect consistency and texture with both sweet and savory notes. The cafe mocha was perfect as well with just the right balance of espresso and cocoa. The space is clean and well-air conditioned (necessity in New Orleans), and the staff is friendly and attentive. And finally, the tables are close together, which encourages mingling.Love all the delicious options and the friendly employees.  My daily stop after workgreat quality! A small place, but food is amazing! Everything extremely fresh! They also offer gluten-free items and buckwheat crepes! :))) definitely suggest it to everybodyThis is my go-to for coffee to start my day at work. It's a really nice place with fast service. I prefer their coffee to other nearby places, it's a lighter roast. They have some great pastries to just grab and go when I skipped breakfast but don't have time to wait for a crepe. The blueberry muffins are awesome. When I can get a crepe I go for a farmhouse or an ABC. If I start on sweet crepes I know I won't be able to stop so I avoid those because dear lord I do not need any extra vices in my life.Had iced black coffee and Lucy Crepe.
Honestly the best crepe I have had in a long time. The amateur custard was remarkable and made me scrape the bottom of my basket.
The coffee was decent. Not as strong as I usually like it, but that is a personal preference. 
The dining area was rather cramped, but the staff was nice and accommodating.I ordered the Frenchie for lunch. Fresh and delicious, plenty for one. My friend got the Surfer and devoured the whole thing. For desert the Mocha crepe was delicious! A shot of espresso on top with whip cream. I was also offered decaf espresso since I'm pregnant. Very kind staff.Great Coffee!. Old Bessie Smith songs, and others from that era are playing. The whole place has an early 20th century Bohemian vibe. Coffee was terrific, and this is an ideal spot to people watch on Magazine. New favorite for sure.had breakfast the past 2 days at Deville House. we didn't know what to expect since we had never eaten here before. the latte was quite good, crepes pretty much amazing. our fave was the cheddar/tomato/avocado crepe. tea was excellent, pastries pretty much on target. service is excellent and focused on making you happy--which they certainly did. the preparation space, like many others here in NOLA is a bit cramped, and there is sometimes a bit of a wait. 
but, like waiting for a proper molten chocolate cake, the wait is definitely worth it. as long as Deville House is open, i will always try to make it for breakfast. just wish they were a bit closer to Houston.Wandered in after a long day looking for some refreshment. I ordered the iced chai because my barista said it was made in house and a crepe with powdered sugar and lemon zest. The chai was definitely not a mix because it was light and delicate with a pronounced honey flavor. Tasty. The crepe was pretty good as well. Not the best, but certainly a nice snack. 
I was almost the only one there when I went in during off hours, so I had a chance to chat with my barista who was very friendly. I agree that the seating inside is a bit strange, but the place isn't very big overall so I can see why not having a lot of seating is probably a good idea. The bathroom is outside in a courtyard and so small you can't properly sit at the toilet, so that's strange. 
My biggest gripe is that I felt the crepes where pretty overpriced for what you get. Mine was around $6 for only a crepe with powdered sugar and lemon. It's not exactly a filling meal or anything, so I probably wouldn't order food there often if I lived nearby. However, that's the case with many coffee shops so it's not too surprising. Otherwise, I'd definitely go back to try more of their coffee. Overall, it's not a bad little place with potential.My favorite coffee house on Magazine. Wonderful people, great coffee, and tasty crepes made with generous servings. The crepe selections are creative and different from the typical offerings.Delicious crepes! My husband and I came in bright and early (as they were opening their doors). We had some great coffee there and both ordered crepes. Mine was vegetarian and my husband got extra bacon in his. Yummy! Our servers were friendly and made our experience fantastic.Avoid it. Gross . Found a massive cockroach in the bottom of my 16 oz coffee. ....they weren't particularly apologetic or concerned. The two behind the counter Made me feel as though I was an inconvenience to them. I'm a neighborhood  resident for 8 yrs and have seen this place through its many incarnations- vintage store, coffee shop, and now creperie. Today they were trifling and rude. I Won't be Back. Go to mojo or hi volt.Average crepes but at a decent price.  Lots of places on this street can get pricey esp bc it is the hot spot these days in NOLA.  Compared to its counterparts, this place is much quieter and has a more antique vibe inside. Some cool paintings but food was average.Amazing crepes! We got mocha crepe and caramel apple. Both sooo good. And big portions. Highly recommend.Went in for coffee before shopping on Magazine..everything looked/smelled so amazing we ended up going back later on for crepes! Amazing food and great customer service provided from good looking people. Definitely recommend and plan on coming back. Until next time NOLA.Great start to our first visit to NOLA. We got the Surfer crepe which was outstanding - perfectly balanced flavors. And also the Ninja - a tasty, healthier vegetarian option. Vanilla milkshake was also dynamite.The crepes and iced coffee was amazing.  the monte carlo was the perfect mix of savory and sweet.  only con was the wait for the food was a bit long due to only one crepe can be made at a time so i wouldn't recommend this place for a large group.Excellent crepes and some of the best iced coffee I've had in a while. We ordered the Surfer and the Monte Cristo ~ both were excellent!!Delicious crepe. We ordered the Lucy. It had strawberries, amaretto custard, and powdered sugar. It was not too sweet, just perfect and light. It was worth the wait. Super cute place!Very cute little coffee shop! I had the farmhouse crepe with ham and a large drip coffee. It was very yummy and a perfect way to start my day in New Orleans!Great little place. Needs a little more staff to keep up with the crowd though.  I had the Lucy and it was delicious. I will definitely be back to try a different one. Maybe for breakfast next time.Ridiculous place! Took almost 40 minutes to get 2 simple breakfast crepes, which came out with the wrong ingredients. They'd just crammed it full of cheese to make up for any flavor. Coffee drinks were fine, but everything was expensive considering quality and makeup. All of the employees were joking about being slow due to hangovers- which I get it! It happens! But I almost canceled the order after 25 minutes, and $30 was absurd for what we received. The staff seemed burdened by everyone's orders. We saw entire tables wait 10 minutes between plate deliveries.These are the best crepes in New Orleans. An unassuming spot but you will be glad you went.Deville has the best crepes in New Orleans.  My family and I ordered five very different meals to share and they were all delicious.
The atmosphere and music were only outdone by the great service.Crepe artistry at a no-nonsense, no frills, chilled out cafe establishment, nestled between countless boutiques in a hip neighborhood.Stopped in for a cafe au Lait.  Very friendly and nice atmosphere.  Staff was great and the cafe au Lait's were good!  I did not get a crepe though but our family members who were with us did and said they were very delicious.Was looking for a different coffeehouse and just discovered Deville on Magazine. Saw The Atlantic crepe on the menu and tried it, being a big fan of salmon. It was perhaps one of the best crepes I've ever had with tomato, grilled onion, fresh spinach, and capers. And the crepe was perfect consistency and texture with both sweet and savory notes. The cafe mocha was perfect as well with just the right balance of espresso and cocoa. The space is clean and well-air conditioned (necessity in New Orleans), and the staff is friendly and attentive.Amazing crêpes and coffee. We are from Ohio and wanted authentic crêpes, and we definitely got them! Great atmosphere and even better service!Stopped in cause we wanted something a little different. Our crepes were great.
Much better than the farmer's market in LA, and that's not Lower Alabama.