Great food at a reasonable price! I had the red beans and rice. My boyfriend had the swamp fries. Friendly staff. clean atmosphere.Great food. Delicious shrimp & Crab soup and Shrimp Po Boy. small  intimate place with a full bar.Excellent food, huge portions, great value. Maria was so nice we had a great experience! Highly recommended.We went here for lunch on a Friday.  Its small and quiet which made for a nice relaxing atmosphere.  We ordered both the fried and grilled shrimp po-boys to share.  Both were amazing.  The bread was the right mix of crunchy crust with soft insides and the shrimp were prepared just right.  The fried shrimp were lightly friend and not too heavy, and the grilled shrimp were basted with a lemon glaze which was delicious.  I prefer the grilled poboy but both are worth it.BBQ shrimp (best tasting item on the menu), grilled shrimp and fries (shrimp was overcooked and tasted like it was brined for a few days so it was quite salty), and gumbo (also very salty that was tempered with extra rice).
However this was clearly a mom and pop type of place. I think the service was great.OMG! This place is fabulous! Our server, Maria, was the best!!!! Cheerful with great suggestions and just loads of fun.  The grilled shrimp po boy was really good but the hot sausage PO boy and swamp fries were incredible. What a great intro to Nawlins for us! ThanksWe walked in on a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't too packed. You can order take-out, and there was no credit card minimum. I got the swamp fries to go, and it took less than 10 minutes. The fries were DELICIOUS, even though they turned soggy by the time we got back to the hotel. Imagine them fresh, YUM!!! Note: if you have a big group, call ahead to see if they can accommodate you. A group of nine got turned away because of a 30 minute wait.Based on reviews, I stopped in at Diamond Street Bar & Grill for lunch. My stomach was growling, so I took a break from a conference I was attending across the street for a quick bite. When I walked in, the restaurant was virtually empty except for 1 table of three. Given this, I was surprised at the slow service. Ten minutes for a glass of water, really? Not a great start, but I was super hungry and decided to stay to see if the food lived up to the high reviews. 
I ordered the Crab and Corn Chowder to start, although I wanted the Seafood Gumbo (couldn't order it due to the sausage it's cooked with). Thankfully, the soup was very tasty, albeit thin and slightly runny--didn't expect that. For my main meal, I decided on the Buffalo Shrimp with a side salad. I suppose my expectations were too high, but there was no real flavor to the shrimp. The salad was fresh, but the dressing tasted store bought (the Blue Cheese dressing was actually blended, so it was an interesting shade of blue, minus the chunky cheese bits you might expect--that was a 1st :-). Beyond that, the fastest part of my experience was getting my check, Ha!  Just a decent place to eat if you're really hungry, in the area and want convenience. Happy Eating!!!Came here out of a whim and do not regret it! Got the fried shrimp Po- boy and it was absolutely amazing. Added a little bit of the hot sauce for a little kick. This is also the first time I tried the purple Haze and it completed the PO- boys pretty well.Diamond Street Bar & Grill has outstanding food and service. The steak was absolutely the best. Me and family will definitely be back on our next visit to NOGreat little find! The swap fries are amazing and the shrimp Po boy my boyfriend had was great too. The corn and clam chowder was savory and delicious. Red Beans and Rice are a big miss. Just pass on those. Bland and mushy. I had a few bites and that was it. 
Overall a good place!I'm so glad I found this hidden gem. We were greeted by Maria who was the sweetest and most attentive lady! My husband and I ordered the ribeye, po boy, and salad. The ribeye was cooked medium to perfection. And the po boy had a generous amount of fresh shrimp. We will definitely be back when we come to New Orleans!The crawfish ettoufe was delicious. Get the swamp fries as an appetizer. You're welcome :-)Best service.  I visit  during the storm Maria was the best. The gumbo was amazing so was the sweet tea and swamp fries.Diamond Street Grill was outstanding! Food was delicious and served in large portions. Clean restaurant with friendly staff. A definite place to eat!Good Nola fare, large portions, and great service from the M&M duo (Maria & Molly)! I've enjoyed the okra seafood gumbo and various grilled shrimp dishes. Easy to pop in here for a meal, drinks and good company.Best sandwhich of my life, Fried shrimp Po' boy. Paired perfectly with a purple haze. Coffee is over priced though. Will come backFantastic service! Our waitress Mali, was so friendly and great during our visit. This family-run business is a hidden gem for sure. The corn crab soup is phenomenal! It has the perfect blend of spices and is ridiculously good. The fried shrimp was great as well and the setting is nice and clean with an open space feel.Me like. My dad and I went there during a convention. They forgot my food but the wait was worth it because I ended up just inhaling the gumbo as well as half of what my dad orderedThe rib eye, drinks and above all the service here is incredible!! A hidden gym!!!   Definitely coming back!One of the best shrimp poboys I've had. Bread was perfect. Liked it so much I went back the next day for lunch again. Highly recommend! Also got the roast beef debris fries which were good.Visiting from California and saw this place while walking from our hotel to find a spot to eat.    Great food and very reasonable prices.  Had the gumbo and bbq shrimp and ribeye.     Wonderfully cooked and with good flavor.  Owner is son of Ruth's Chris and you could tell.The menu is small, but the food is great.  I had the red beans and rice.  More than enough for a meal and the best I've had in the city so far.If you are in the area, you have to come to this little gem ! Best corn and crab soup I've ever had. You want to lick the bowl to get every last drop. I also got the grilled shrimp and fries plate which was also phenomenal . Service and hospitality are top notchI really don't get the reviews, maybe it was just a bad day. The service was incredibly slow, but I blame management, because 2 servers were covering way too many tables. It was lunch and took an hour from the time I sat down until I ate....so you need an hour and half lunch break.
As for the food, it also gets 2 stars. I was extremely disappointed, especially given the ratings. 
I got the BBQ shrimp and gumbo, the BBQ shrimp was overcooked and impossible to peel, I only ate one because they were so much work, the waitress didn't ask how they were nor questioned the fact that the plate was full when she took them away. 
The Gumbo was tasteless, lot of hot sauce made it edible. New Orleans has so many great restaurants, this is not one of them.Awesome food and reasonably priced! Shrimp Po-Boy with cocktail sauce - yumm!!  Only one thing on the menu was over $10.  Good service as well. Definitely would come back.The service is great, but the food was sub par. The exterior gives a false impression. It's a sterile interior. No draft beer and a limited bottle selection.Friendliest people you'll ever meet. Wonderful dining experience during our convention and you can call ahead to order if you're in a hurry to your meetings. Try the po-boy smoked sausage and the gumbo. Either sausage and chicken and seafood.Great off-the-beat place to ylyeat.  Read reviews before coming here and the reviews were spot on right.
Arrived around 2 pm, so wasn't surprised no one else was there, seated right away, very attentive waitress.  Only water today, no exotic beverages yet today!  Started with a cup of the seafood gumbo.  Took recommendation to get just a cup as a bowl could have been a meal.  Very tasty, just the right amount of kick to it.  Sausage was tasty and mild.  I'm not a big sausage fan but really liked the taste of this in the gumbo itself.  Good start to the meal.
Then decided on the shrimp salad with grilled shrimp.  Where i come from, I was expecting a mayonnaise based shrimp salad. Not here, and actually I like it a lot better, a blend of delicious lettuce with all of the trimmings, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots and croutons.  I got Italian dressing on the side.  Man it comes in this beautiful boat shaped salad and is huge!  The grilled shrimp were piled on, had to be at least three-quarters of a pound, if not more.
Another reviewer indicating portion size is very large while price is relatively low.  He wasn't kidding, that was a ton of food at a very reasonable price.
As I was finishing the salad, my waitress asked if I saved room for dessert.  I was about to say no, but then thought lets see what she recommends.  Once she said a warm brownie drizzed with chocolate sauce with white chocolate chips, I was immediately drawn in and said ok, I try that dessert.
Once the dessert came, I knew it was the right choice.  After finishing off the delicious chocolaty dessert I concluded the meal was delicious, the atmosphere, though small, was indicative to where the locals eat.  The bill, OMG, just a hair over $20 with tax not including tip for a huge, what would be considered a bowl anywhere else, cup of soup, an unbelievably filling and tasty shrimp salad and a delicious dessert.
All is all, a great start to a long weekend in New Orleans.
I highly recommend seeking this place out. Menu is kind of small and its not in the middle of the French Quarter, but don't think twice about making a stop or two or three here.  i plan to visit again during my short stay here in New Orleans and I think you should too!!!Such a great little place. Maybe 10 tables in the whole joint. We went for lunch and shared the BBQ shrimp, the fried shrimp po boy and the swamp fries. Everything was so good. The fries had a bit of pot roast type drippings on them along with cheese wiz. Naughty goodness. The BBQ shrimp were to die for. I could take a bath in the sauce. Spicy. Savory. The po boy was also very good! Cheapest beer I ever had in NOLA also! Two thumbs up for these guys!Not a review, but just a heads-up. I walked a good mile to this place only to find that it's currently closed for maintenance until July 12 (2017) - despite the Yelp info that says it's currently open.The food was pretty good. My friend and I shared the fried artichoke hearts, a fried shrimp po' boy, a cup of seafood gumbo, and a ribeye steak. The shrimp po' boy was good, dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayo, but was just a bit too salty for my taste. So was the gumbo. The ribeye was EXCELLENT! A steal at only $15!We were in town for a volleyball tournament at the convention center. My husband and I went here based on the Yelp reviews. We shared the shrimp Po boy, it was so good, we took another to go! If you're in town or in the area, go!!The swamp fries and barbecue shrimp are AAAMMAAZING! It's a small place but offers great food and service! We went for lunch and tried the swamp fries and barbecue shrimp and that could have been our meal alone! We also had the jambalaya and red beans and rice and they were great as well and were huge servings! Definitely come with an appetite!This place is bomb diggity. Best Crawfish/Shrimp Etoufee and Large Shrimp Friend P.O. Boy! I'll definitely be back. Oh and the process are grrrrrreat!Very basic place. Limited tables for seating. More like a bar than a restaurant. Be aware the BBQ shrimp are the size of prawns and are served intact and must be de-headed and peeled before eating. Burgers were excellent and done perfectly to order. Fine place for a quick lunch. Service was a tad slow, but it was very busy.The food was delicious - the corn and crab soup was delicious with a kick.
But I think they need more wait staff :|Diamond in the rough. Very good food, cozy atmosphere, and nice wait staff. Gumbo was one of the best I have ever had and I'm from here.This place is great. Amazing prices for large portions as well. Our waitress was amazing and hilarious. Even gave suggestions to places to go to.A real hidden gem.  The gumbo, red beans and rice, and po'boys here were all first class.   The serving sizes are enormous- a poboy and order of beans and rice would have been enough food for a couple of people.
Check this place out if you want to get away from the usual tourist traps and get a real taste of New Orleans.I recently visited New Orleans as a staff member of a conference. After the first day 13 of us decided to walk over and try Diamond Street for dinner. I cannot explain how gracious and accommodating they were for a large group that didn't call ahead. Within 5 minutes they had set up a table for us and we were seated. The servers were charming and sweet. My only complaint is the beer list, but that didn't deter me from ordering wine or damper my experience. THE FOOD THOUGH. Seriously everything was amazing. If I am ever in New Orleans again I will definitely come back!Stopped here for lunch. It was pretty empty but start to fill up after my family got there. The waitress was friendly and always checking on us for more refills or updating us about our food. First thing before we ordered she said "food here is large portions" and that's a good forewarning lol. I ordered the fried shrimp with a side salad, my brother got the buffalo chicken with side salad and onion rings and my sister got the meat and seafood gumbo. Everything was good a mice space filler till dinner time. Food came out fast.Went here twice while in New Orleans for a conference. Had the shrimp po' boy both times. It was so delicious I had to have it a second time before going home. The onion rings were really tasty as well. Both times we had Maria as our server. She is the epitome of southern hospitality and a real hoot! We really enjoyed meeting her and she made us feel right at home. I highly recommend this establishment and you have to meet Maria!We dined here when we were in New Orleans in December 2017 and I forgot to write a review. We were the only two diners there and it was confusing because one person came to take our drink and appetizer order, and then what I thought was the bartender came around and asked us for our order and then said that he was about to go and cook it! Mind you, a third person came to ask for our order around three different times (not sure what happened between the "bartender" asking and going to go and cook it,) but despite their confusion (where my boyfriend finally asked the third person why didn't she just write our order down, lol) we received some of the best food that we'd had the entire time that we were in town. Based on it being vacant, I had very low expectations, but the food really was good! The "bartender" was actually the owner and the third person that took our order, I believe, was his sister. They were really sweet and friendly. When we go back, we're definitely going here first!Everything we tried was delicious. Molly and Maria were awesome. This is a hidden gem.Great value. Had two bowls of gumbo. Will eat here again, highly recommend. Debated on eating at higher end restaurant b/c unsure of cost vs quality since I was from out of town. I've spent 2-3x the money and not enjoyed it like this. High on flavor low on cost.Great and interesting place at the same time. Molly was great and a nice sight to the eyes. Her jambalaya was great and the drinks were awesome! The patrons were having a great time and were entertaining. Will go there again.Definitely a hidden secret of New Orleans! We were down for vacation and were looking for a nice place for lunch. Came across this online after searching for the perfect spot. We did not realize how small it was, which made the service so much better. 
I enjoyed the roast beef poboy and let me just say, it was to die for! That was my first roast beef poboy and every time I ordered it thereafter, did not compare to Diamond's!I found this place just walking by. It's got a cute modern atmosphere. Small inside with a bar as well. Food was very reasonably priced and tasty. The staff were mediocre. That would be my only complaint. Crab and corn soup was yummy. Very pleased with my visit. Relaxed and delicious.Food was great! Portions are large, but the prices are awesome. So was the great service. Thank you Marie!Was going to go here when on Google to find hours.
It said it closed down this place  no longer existsBest damn shrimp po' boys ever. Sigh and happiness. We came back twice just for this sandwich.Excellent food and great prices for the portion sizes. Really small and quaint spot. The BBQ shrimp was huge and we got between 12-15 of them. The swamp fries were nice and hot and a huge portion size for the price. I will definitely come back!!!A word to the wise (or those that aspire to be). This "gem" is perfect for anyone in the warehouse district who's looking for good food, prices well within perdiem, and staff that doesnt need to put on an act for tourists.
Best Po Boy I've ever had. Red beans and rice like it should be. And I'd be willing to bet that everything on the menu would be at the same level.
If you want the tourist experience to get the pics and a story, go ahead. Those places are also pretty good. If you're looking for the Diamond in the rough, look no further.We were scrambling to find a dinner reservation after the Tulane Wave Goodbye Grady ceremony was cancelled late notice due to severe thunderstorms....  Gary at the Courtyard Marriott, where we were staying, recommended the Diamond Street Grill and were we glad he did!   He made a quick call and got us right in (when there were no reservations to be had in NOLA due to Tulane's Graduation Weekend!).  Food was off the charts good, Fried Oyster Po-Boy, Fried Shrimp, Rib Eye... every item we ordered was sooo good and that's compared to Mr B's and Cafe Adelaide!   If your in for a convention, put it on your "must hit" list!   The prices were also great!   And the staff was outstanding!!Nice bartender, good drink and excellent food! The corn and crab chowder was amazing... fresh crab and light. Normally that kind of soup would be so heavy and thick, but this was perfect!Arrived just as they opened with a small group. Quickly, the restaurant filled to capacity. We were among the first to order, however, you could tell the bar patrons took precedence over the rest of us. The food itself was great; however, be prepared for sub-par service, and an overall lack of respect from the wait staff.Very small place and small menus. There are 3 or 4 tables for 2, 2 tables for 4, and 1 round table plus a bar area. 
The menus has 2 shrimp items, 2 steaks, and 2 other options. Then there are sandwiches 2 of which are shrimp. 
I enjoyed the fried shrimp and I liked the gumbo as well. The cup order is more like a bowl and the bowl order is HUGE. My buddy had the shrimp po-boy and said it was really good. My other friend has a BLT and it had a lot of bacon so portions are a good size.
I gave it a 3 because it took a while to get seated because the bar has people so no one sat us until the bar emptied and the menus is to restricted. They need to add to it.Was looking for place within walking to hotel for NoLA food options... so happy we tried. Had a bit of wait but staff was friendly and kept assuring us they had something coming up. We had fried shrimp Po'boys, swamp fries and corn/crab chowder. Amazing flavors - Tab with 1 soda and 2  glasses wine was $39. Best food we had on entire trip .So it's about 3 pm and I'm looking for a good place for lunch. Luckily, I stumbled into this gem of a resturant. Walking into the resturant, I received a robust welcome. The service staff was friendly, quick, and efficient. The resturant was cozy and clean. The menu was easy to read with great selections. The sound of slurping from my straw evoked a quick replenishment of my chosen libation. I accidentally got tarter sauce on my fingers and by the time I looked up, the wait staff had a bundle of napkins for me to use. While eating, my waitress hummed the soft tunes to Sam Cooks "Having a Party" and I was challenged to name the tune to which I did of course. The food was piping hot, flavor-able and the portions were way too much. I ate my hearts content and was give a more than reasonable bill for my consumption. The Diamond Street Bar and Grill is literally a Diamond in the ruff that I would encourage everyone to find. Thanks for the great service ladies. It really is the small things that count.Great service, very friendly people with great personalities. Excellent shrimp and roast beef po-boys. Will return next time I'm in the City.If you are looking for good food away from the madness and crowds of the French quarter this is a great option.  Small space, 7 or 8 tables, with a large window into the kitchen.  It is nice to see a restaurant that is so transparent about their operation.  I question the cleanliness of many places in New Orleans - not here.  There is a small bar but you come here for the food!  We tried several items: 1. The barbecued shrimp which although it is listed as an appetizer was massive, 16 jumbo shrimp that will require the use of several napkins as you peel these beauties.  Don't forget to leave room for the bread slices to soak up some of the amazing leftover BBQ sauce. 2. Corn and crab soup was really good, the cups are the size of bowls in most places, I had a bowl to go with my "appetizer shrimp". Needless to say I left stuffed. 3. My wife had the seafood Florentine and a cup of seafood gumbo, both of which were outstanding.  Once again large servings, she left a lot of the pasta, opting to pick out the seafood and eating most of the sauce.  All of this for less than $40, including tip!!
Waitress was very friendly and efficient.  I highly recommend this location.I don't know how this place has good reviews. We got bad service from the jump. My husband and I walked in and were debating which table to sit on bec one was too small, another was dirty and the other was too big. Our waitress proceeded to tell us to sit at the one that was too small for our liking instead of cleaning the table for 4. Then we got the swamp fries which is nothing too special. We then decided to order the seafood gumbo bec it has good reviews. That was the most disappointing gumbo I've ever had. It had ONE shrimp and was extremely slimy. I took one bite and immediately stopped eating it. We then paid and our waitress told us to put the lid back on the hot sauce we used for the fries and put it back. Worst experience ever. Don't waste your time or money at this place!We are in New Orleans for a cruise to the Caribbean and yelped waaaay too many restaurants. My first choice is closed for a summer break and my second choice closed at 5:00 pm!  Third choice - Bingo!!  Diamond bar and Grill on Peters Street. It got good reviews but that doesn't mean anything!!  Easy parking on the street was a plus. When I looked at the menu, I thought it was a mistake. My huge plate of BBQ shrimp was only $13 and my yummy crab and corn soup --$5.95. My husbands "special" was $12, a very delicious fettuccini with shrimp. Loved this place!We were in town for a conference and wanted a place to eat away from the French quarter.  We found the diamond bar and grill.  The restaurant was clean and not too busy.  The special for the night was shrimp and crawfish etoufee. We ordered the special and the chicken fingers.  The etoufee was great not too spicy plenty of crawfish and shrimp.  The helping was huge.  The chicken fingers were good nice and juicy.  The star of the dinner was the swamp fries. They are crunchy fries with cheese and roast beef bits and gravy. They were great and a must try for anyone.We dined here when we were in New Orleans in December 2017 and I forgot to write a review. We were the only two diners there and it was confusing because one person came to take our drink and appetizer order, and then what I thought was the bartender came around and asked us for our order and then said that he was about to go and cook it! Mind you, a third person came to ask for our order around three different times (not sure what happened between the "bartender" asking and going to go and cook it,) but despite their confusion (where my boyfriend finally asked the third person why didn't she just write our order down, lol) we received some of the best food that we'd had the entire time that we were in town. Based on it being vacant, I had very low expectations, but the food really was good! The "bartender" was actually the owner and the third person that took out order, I believe, was his sister. They were really sweet and friendly. When we go back, we're definitely going here first!Awsome. Rib Eye Steak fantastic. Gumbo was fantastic. As well as the service. Extremely inexpensive. Definitely worth checking out.Amazing place. Talk about southern hospitality- a group of 11 of us came to eat 20 minutes before they closed and they welcomed us in with arms. Maria had to have been one of the best waitresses that I have ever come across. Food came out extremely fast and she constantly checked up on us to make sure we were okay. Food portions were HUGE. Only here for a week but will be back.Great food and great customer service. Maria was hilarious and very friendly. Would definitely come back.Wow, great spot in the area close to the convention center. Southern hospitality, great food, good prices. I've had the bbq shrimp a number if times & it's always fantastic. True New Orleans po boys and great specials. Family run place where you are treated like family. And Mali rocks!Very nice place for lunch. Got there around 2, right after the lunch rush. Place was a little unkempt but not bad. Great service and nice Bloody Mary's. I had a club sandwich; wife had a shrimp po boy. Both were great. Huge portions. Reasonably priced. Would def go back if there weren't so many other restaurants in NOLA to choose from. We only get there a couple times a year so we feel like we're cheating ourselves if we go back to places we've already been.This place is awesome! Small, intimate dining area with great service. The portions are huge!!! Easy to share the $10 dishes. The okra gumbo is on point. Not spicy but you can easily add hot sauce to it for a great kick. The grilled shrimp salad was very filling. Buffalo shrimp and fries are also a good choice. Cheap beer prices compared to places outside of happy hour. A definite must stop if you are in the area. 10 minutes from harrah's if you are staying near thereI asked for rib eye but they happened to have New York strip as special menu that night. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned, I asked for medium rare. We order five dishes, two from special menu. Every dishes was tasty,  served in a generous size, and full of quality. Service was great!
I left the restaurant very happy and satisfied :)MAMA MIA, WHERE WAS MARIA!
Visited establishment around 1pm on Father's Day, restaurant was full had a brief 10 minute wait for a table. Our party of 3 was seated and placed orders promptly with our server Mali (blonde with nose piercing).  Restaurant was very busy.  We ordered 3 drinks, 3 appetizers and 3 entrees.  Mali got our drink order to us swiftly.  A dark haired server (not sure of her name), arrived with 1 of our appetizers (bbq shrimp), the appetizer arrived within 20 minutes followed by 2 of the entrees (ribeyes, fried shrimp/fries). Entrees should never be brought out before all appetizers have been served. My 14 year old pointed out that 2 tables that arrived arrived 20  minutes after us, were being served the same appetizers that we ordered 20 minutes before they even arrived.  When asked the dark haired server about our 2 missing appetizers (seafood gumbo & ck & Sausage gumbo) she CURTLY replied it was on it's way. Well the mystery was solved when the dark haired server tried to give the 2 entrees to the other tables who did not order the same thing, she then asked our server Mali where is table 6, Mali our server came over and we asked for silverware to eat the entrees, she returned but did not question the fact that we had not received our missing appetizers.   30 minutes into lunch the second appetizer of seafood gumbo arrived.  After watching my 2 family members consume their appetizers and entrees Mali arrived with the ticket and I asked her to remove the missing appetizer and missing entrée from our ticket she looked bewildered and realized that her lack of attention to our table (TABLE 6) resulted in her having to comp a ticket and lack of a tip....I've heard such positive things about the server Maria, unfortunately she was not there, Mama Mia!  The food was good however, the service was horrible.  I would return only if Maria was on duty that day.Brought an employee here for orientation. Wasn't quite what I expected based off of the pictures. The ambiance and upkeep of the building was very mediocre and you could tell it was more of a mom and pop shop. they also didn't have wifi which confused me here in 2017-- maybe it's because I'm from Chicago? The food itself was okay -- lots of fried options. To be honest-- I probably won't go back or recommend this place.
On a positive note my service was great. My server was really sweet!This is a textbook example of not judging what is coming out of the kitchen by the decor. This place is slinging serious creole with the sourcing of the best. It is what you expect when the plates hit the table. Start with the bbq shrimp and listen to the specials. I was blessed with catfish Pontchartrain- perfectly fried catfish smothered in shrimp etouffee. Listen to Maria and Molly they won't steer you wrongSwamp fries ftw! Order anything on the menu and you'll be in heaven. Servers were amazing and so friendly. Glad this was our first stop in NOLA! If you're near the convention center make sure to stop here for a bite!One of my favorite neighborhood eats. The lovely, perky and on point waitress remembers us everytime we pop in and keeps the Maker's Mark flowing! Ribeye steak, gumbo, and buffalo tossed shrimp salad are my go to-s.Nah, not too good. Strictly for the semi young tourist. Friendly,  but not worth the effort or time.Food was Delicious!  We had the BBQ Shrimp, and red beans and rice, and the club!  Way to much food for two, as the portion sizes are huge!  Lots to take back to the hotel.