I get the full rack of ribs for take out, always very goodn tender, fast and consistant, I get the sauce on the side, they have three types in their sauce station. I sometimes take home the pulled pork and make my own sandwiches, this is also very good. I have only been to the Jeff hwy location, the service has always been good.Don't even wast your time, very slow, always out of everything and always dirty... It's funny because the ones in Texas are never like this... It's almost like they just stuck one here to see how it will do on a extremely low budget to open it... Go anywhere else....I wasn't expecting much because I am not a fan of chain places but I was in the Elmwood area for work so decided to pick up some to take home for dinner, so this review won't help those with questions about service (I noticed a few reviews with negativity in that regard). I looked online for a menu and saw that you can actually order online for pick up so that was great. Only drawback is that you are forced to register which means your email address is no doubt shared/sold but if they get too obnoxious there's always that "unsubscribe" link in minuscule print on the very bottom of those kind of emails.
Anyway, there was some weirdness going on at the cash register with a few employees (apparently they are all not best buddies haha) but as long as their squabbles didn't carry over to the way that the food was cooked-who cares? And they were friendly to me (I DO tip even on a carryout-don't you?) so I was just getting my food and going.
The order was CORRECT (big plus on take-out food) and packaged well. Everything was the correct temperature, and there was an appropriate amount of sauce , napkins and utensils for the food that was ordered. Now for the good part-the food was actually very good!
Meat falling off the bones ribs, tender, delicious brisket that we got both sliced and chopped, pulled pork and all of it had a great smoked flavor. We got both Polish and Jalapeño cheese sausages, and some sliced ham. It was all smoked great and tender. The sauce that was packed must be a house sauce-it was very good, a slight sweet, vinegar red sauce. 
As for sides, we got cole slaw, creamed spinach, baked beans, and fried okra. Cole slaw was great-extremely fresh chopped with a great dressing-nothing fancy but believe me that is one of the best I've had in a long time. The spinach was creamed in an asiago cheese sauce that was just great. I was told that the okra was good, fresh, cooked right buy the beans were good but nothing special. 
Sorry for no pictures but we will definitely be back soon and will try other stuff on the menu (except I have to have more cole slaw and spinach.)Just got in town and wanted some BBQ. Great food, super nice staff. Come get you some.I will try Melba's again soon and leave a review.  It means a lot that the owner responded. That says alot!Have been here twice because i like the franchise but have never been able to eat.  Line is out the door and moves at a snails pace.  Stood in same spot for 5 minutes today.   Will not return to this storeI don't do a lot of BBQ spots because a lot of them don't do beef brisket.  Not only does this spot have brisket but it was that best I remember ever having!  They've only been here for about four months so I guess that's why some of the early reviews aren't good but they're rolling now.  They have it all together.  Everything we had was so good.  I had the brisket plate with jalapeño beans and fried okra.  My ole lady had the brisket sandwich.  It was all great!  We'll be back for sure.... Also the owner is a Marine.  Check it out!This was our second visit here. The first visit didnt end so well. The line was out the door, the prices are up there and the menu was confusing. So we walked out and picked somewhere less complicated.
The second visit wasnt so bad. The line was short enough to give us time to figure out the menu. So basically there are meat plates and sandwhiches. There are quarter(which Im not sure what theyre referring to..im guessing one meat) , 2 meat and 3 meat plates starting at $9.99 and upward. The number meat refers to the serving amount and type of meat. You can choose pulled pork, brisket, turkey, kielbasa sausage, chicken, etc. Then you can choose your sides from a very long list of items and you also get a roll. And there free ice cream after, if u want. Who would refuse free ice cream?
There is also a daily special board off to the left. We missed that bc we so busy trying to figure out how to order what we wanted. Its a better deal, so try not to overlook that.
Anyway, we ended up ordering a 2 meat plate..pulled pork and brisket with baked beans and mac n cheese as our sides and added an extra roll and waffle fries as well. We wantwd to try the ham but it is no longer a menu item..poo. We also got one big cup to split the drink. Order came to $19. In hindsight, had we seen the special board we couldve ordered 2 pulled pork plates for $9.99 each and endes up with 2 meats and 4 sides and 2 rolls for about the same. Lesson learned for our next visit here.
Our order was a bit messed up. They gave us onion rings instead of waffle fries... But we enjoyed them and said nothing about the mistake.
The rolls are perfect for making a lil sandwhich with the meat, but by themselves, they are a lil stale and tasteless. I would ask if they can replace it with something else next time.
The other sides were quite good. The beans were sweet. The mac n cheese was creamy. The onion rings were thin and just the right amount of seasoning and crispness.
 The brisket was was a lil dry but still good. The pulled pork was very good juicy and tender. They both could use a lil more smokey flavoring but overall pretty good. I didnt care much for the bbq sauce they had it was all very tangy. I actually dipped my meat into the baked beans and it was great.
The ice cream was nice ..cold and smooth... But bc of the sweetness of the beans and tea i just had... It didnt mix well together on my palate. So drink some water or eat something salty before and after you endulge in the ice cream.
I look forward to coming here again and eating more pulled pork and maybe trying the chicken or ribs.
Unfortunately, I hadnt planned on reviewing this place so I didnt take any pics. So maybe on the next visit.
One more thing, bathroom was decent. And there seems to be more seating in the back part, down the right side of the hallway past the fountain drink and ice cream station.
This place is a good choice when youre in the mood for some pulled pork and dont mind the price. You leave out of there smelling like a bbq...which is a good thingWent for dinner and didn't get to order. Manager told another customer ahead of me and myself they would be with us in a moment and that moment didn't come around. After about 10 minutes of waiting in line to order we realized it wasn't going to ever be time so we left.friends told me to come, first time visit today-5-8-2016. there are more people behind the counter than are in line. 20 minutes and we have not moved forward. lady in front of us and also us walk out-if it takes 20 minutes per order its not worth walking in. i am assuming this is a one time problem management will fix, ill be back again to see if its different! but it appeared slovenly behind the counter, hope it was an anomaly! sure smelled good insideThe food and service was fantastic. Dickeys is so much better than Corkeys and Voodoo. Not only was the food great, the price was good.Excellent bbq. Marcaroni was blah but my beans and potato casserole were delicious. I had the pulled pork and the brisket. The brisket was amazing. The staff was super friendly.
Mom notes: kids eat free on sundays, free ice cream, napkins on the table and kid sized cupsWent for lunch just before noon. No long wait. Am dissatisfied with the turkey plate. Would return to try the pulled pork or brisket. The smell brought me inside but I've experienced much better 'original' BBQ sauce. The cole slaw was marginal and green beans tasted off, not sure what they are flavored with besides the advertised bacon( too salty). The food experience did not live up to the BBQ aroma in the air.  
Curious if their other meat choices will redeem my taste buds
The staff was friendly and efficient.I'm not much of a BBQ person in general, so BBQ isn't something I would choose to go to. I was with a group though and they all wanted to go here on a Saturday for lunch.
Dickey's is located in a little strip mall off of Jefferson Highway next to a casino. The place is clean and inviting inside. The staff were friendly and they played a nice rotation of music.
They have a walk up counter where you place your order. You can order a la cart or they have specials to choose from. We all go the pulled pork sandwich that comes with two sides and a drink. We sampled each others sides and I think out of the ones we tried the waffle fries, fried okra and baked beans were best. The mac & cheese was a little to gooey and the onion strings were on the greasy side. They give you the meat dry and you choose which sauce to put on it. They have a frozen soft serve vanilla ice cream machine that you are welcome to have for dessert.
Again, it would not be a place I would normally choose, but if everyone else wanted to go there, I'd go. It was pretty good.Just heard that they opened Dickey's not that long ago and I have to say, I was impressed. My wife, sister in law and I ordered a family meal with brisket, turkey, mac n cheese, and potato salad. Everything was prepared to perfection and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming. The staff was friendly and the owner ensured that we satisfied while he checked on our meal. If I lived closer to the area, I would frequent this place more often. It's not everyday you get a great barbeque joint in this area. Look no further than Dickey's if you are in the mood for great food.Looks like Dickies BBQ is turning into just another chain restaurant. I remember when it was very good. Ate here. Got the two meat plate and a drink. 2 small ribs and a few slices of brisket. Almost  $16 and I left hungry. This place has gotten very poor. Will try a different bbq place next time.The food wasn't horrible ...... It smelled good. The sweet tea wasn't sweet ...... The highlight was free ice creamSo close to being great it's almost a shame! I mean, the atmosphere was great, super refreshing and professional, given its humble surroundings.  And the execution and general customer service were exceptional.  But much to my disappointment, what WAS lacking was the amazing smokey Texas barbeque flavor I was expecting.  Sadly, there was hardly any smokiness to the meat at all, which made me realize that when it comes to barbeque, that's really what it's all about!  I can slow-cook pork in my crock-pot, but is it smokey?  No!  That is why I pay money to go to a place like Dickey's for Texas smokehouse barbeque.  Oh well.  I really wish it had lived up to my Texas-sized expectations, because they have a great beer selection and free soft-serve.We went here Sat night new place for us gave it a try.
It was awesome I am not a big not a big BBQ fan .
They do not not add the sauce but you add it.
They make the It right in front of you to.
Anyway the food is awesome the price is right and the people are very nice.
I will be going back for sure.Stopped in on Mother's Day evening to pick up some BBQ for me and the wife.  The restaurant was deserted except one table of three people and three people in line in front of me.  It took 15-20 minutes for me to even place my order.  Unbelievably slow service.  I asked the woman at the counter if it takes this long on a Sunday evening how long does it take at rush hour lunch?  She said its best to order online.  As much as I use the internet I don't make it a habit of ordering what I'm going to eat for lunch using the Internet.  I ordered two identical three meat plates ($12.95 ea) with the two sides and an extra order of onion rings for a total of $34.50.  They were out of ribs so I had to settle on something else.  The meats themselves were good, brisket, pulled pork and polish sausage.  No complaints there.  It's the portion size.  When I got home and looked at the size I totally freaked out.  There was literally only two heaping teaspoons of each type meat.  Not cool.  Needless to say this was the last time my shadow will darken their door.My wife and 4 kids decided on Dickeys for Sunday dinner (Hey, kids eat free right??).  Food was good with the exception of my brisket which was dry, atmosphere was good, they were out of a few things that you shouldn't be out of though.  We would have been unhappy if we had to pay for the kids considering the few issues.Its decent BBQ and its very convenient to my house. Is it the best BBQ around? Definitely not, but it serves its purpose. I ordered the loaded baked potato topped with pulled pork and extra BBQ sauce and it was very good. Side of fried okra was really good with crispy batter. Husband ordered the 2 meat sandwich and he liked it. Those are the pros- Cons are we called in the order for take out. When we got there, the service was ridiculously slow. Our bag of food was sitting there waiting for us, and the girl handling the take out register acted like it was a huge chore to check us out. The biggest con was when we got home, we realized they forgot the 2 additional sides we ordered. Normally we check bags before we leave, but didn't this time, so we got screwed and charged for stuff we didn't receive.  I will give them another shot, mainly b/c the food was good and its convenient. Hope they work the kinks out after they have been open a while.The family and I wanted to try something new and we came across Dickey's. We went on Sunday and much to our delight we discovered that for every adult plate, you can get a free kids' plate. 
I had the three meat plate (ribs, brisket, and spicy cheddar sausage) with okra and macaroni & cheese. I enjoyed my meal immensely and filled up my cup multiple times. The kids wiped their food out as well, which is always a plus.
Also, free ice cream.Texas style BBQ I think is dry smoked, which is what this is. It opened 3 or so years ago, in a strip mall next to a truck stop. You order at the serving line then go around past the cashier where utensils and condiments, drinks and the soft serve ice cream cones are, and continue to the back where there is a huge dining area.
Having been there 4-5 times the service has always been slow. It seems to take them forever to open the warming oven, unwrap the meat, slice it and put it in the container then re-wrap and put it back in the oven. Not efficient. There are new staff every time I've been. It is not quick even when empty.
The food is puzzling. The meat seems to have a strange flavor that I can't quite place, and even though it is dry smoked, it should be moist and tender, which what I have had was not. I can't figure out if the taste is plastic-y or if it's some odd spice combination. I've had the brisket, ham, chicken, pulled pork and sausage and the flavors on all were off. I really wanted to like this place since it's convenient and quick to get to from work.
I do think they do the fried onion strings (tangles) better than anything else on the menu, though they are very greasy (sometimes greasy is what you want). The baked potato seemed steamed rather than baked, the Mac & cheese is orange and creamy but not tasty/cheesy, and the other sides seem mushy.  The sides are expensive, and small amounts.
Reluctantly, I won't come back here for anything but the onion tangles. Hillbilly BBQ is just up at the end of Hickory and now that the owner is back, and managing it better again, that's my choice for BBQ, not Dickys.I got the pulled pork and fried okra. I was really good! I like how the pulled pork comes without BBQ sauce and you can add as much as you want separately. They have 3 different flavored. The sweet was good. 
The only bad comment is the service. They did not seem properly trained and were somewhat slow. However, I eventually got all my food!Close, but no cigar.  New Orleans has tough restaurant competition, even for BBQ which it isn't known for.  Wasn't coming in with high expectations due to prior reviews.  It was decent, but wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  I had the Brisket Sandwich with Mac and Cheese and Potato Salad.  The Sandwich was actually pretty good with the regular BBQ sauce.  The sides weren't anything to write home about.First time taking my wife here, on a Friday, late afternoon, well, first the counter help insisted that the 2 meat special (with a special price?) had no more meat upon it (in volume) than the  less expensive 1 meat plate (that didn't make sense at all), but after that discussion, and placing our order,  THEN the counter help starts to ring it up and says "oh, by the way, we are out of TEXAS TOAST".. REALLY???!!!!  It's one of your busiest days of the week and you are unprepared??  Can't you have somebody run down to Wal-mart or Win-dixie and pick up some  bread to make the Toast??   Walked out... PS. I've never seen Cane's run out of Texas Toast.  Your sad excuse is?????I waited in line for 15 minutes and never had my order taken. I had to leave. The bad part is only one person was in front of me. The employees are SLOW!!!! It's insane how slow the service is. They obviously don't care about customer service at all. Nice people, but the line never moves and no one ever seems to know what they are doing.I feel compelled to report that Dickies has vastly improved since my first visit in may 2014. I have been here several times since and have been highly impressed since my first visit. The staff was welcoming and polite everytime. Today I had the pulled pork (DELICIOUS) and chicken with green beans and mac-n- cheese. I highly recommend the pulled pork. The meats and sides have satisfied an active working mans appetite on my subsequent visits. I will be a regular from now on.I had pretty low expectations of this joint going in as its a chain but actually it pleasantly surprised me.  The brisket was decent and the turkey was good.  They had a selection of 3 sauces and the spicy had a nice kick to it.  They also had more seating inside than you really can tell from the outside.  They have free soft serve ice cream and kids eat free on Sundays.  This place is far better than Hillbilly BBQ so this is probably the best BBQ currently available in this area.  Its certainly not the Joint or NOLA Smokehouse but if I'm around here I will certainly not hesitate to stop in for some BBQ and good music.I was skeptical about this place at first but I am so glad i decided to eat here. 
the atmosphere is pleasant and the staff is very friendly. I am definitely impressed by how the staff really works as a team. 
also, what's better than free ice cream?! that's probably the winner there. 
the food is decently priced for what you get. 
it's not the best BBQ ever, but it's great and close to home. 
I will definitely visit againIf I could give this place a zero rating, I certainly would. My husband and I decided to try Dickey's as we heard it was good. When we entered the restaurant the aroma of the barbecue was almost intoxicating and we felt that we would have a good, enjoyable meal. We were wrong! I ordered barbecue chicken. I was puzzled that they only served chicken breasts. When I got my food, the chicken breast was sliced! I was expecting a whole piece of chicken on the bone. My husband ordered the two meat sandwich. His sandwich looked good. Both orders of food, plus the side items were cold! This was completely unacceptable and NOT safe to eat. We demanded our money back and left. We will NEVER return to this establishment. SONNY'S BARBECUE NEEDS TO OPEN A RESTAURANT IN THE NEW ORLEANS AREA!!!Consistently runs out of food. 
Not joking, they've had multiple times where the only items they've had were chicken and sausage
I don't know who does their demand planning for food, but they should be gainfully employed somewhere else.Heard good things about this place especially with the lack of good BBQ in Jefferson. Had the 3 meat platter for lunch and was disappointed with two of the three meats. Only the pulled pork was moist and tasty. The brisket was dry and lacked any flavor at all. Good brisket is moist and melts in your mouth. The Ribs were overpowered by too much sauce and the flavor of the meat was not detected. Consistency of ribs were OK. Hope they improve or they will go the way if others who have tried BBQ in this town.If you are looking for good barbecue sauce, well then this could be your place. If you want good tasting barbecue, then maybe you could roll the dice.   I have been here twice.  This restaurant is in an out of the way strip mall in Harahan.  The sign on the window says "Hickory Smoked Meats" (more on that later). The restaurant was clean, and was decorated predictably.  
The second time we came, the service was friendly bit painfully slow.  Tbe first time was just horrible.
The lady at the counter was not interested in seeing us, and the other woman working with her was incredibly antagonistic toward her. They obviously did not get along and it showed.   If I hadn't been so amused at the hurling of barbed and scathing remarks I would have been uncomfortable. 
I had to tell her twice what I wanted and then the other girl decided to step in and ensure the order was totally screwed up.  I don't know how but they managed to mess a three meat plate with brisket, pulled pork, and polish sausage with potato salad, and beans with an extra side of baked potatoes. 
They argued among themselves about what my order was never once asking me for clarification.   It took so long, that when I finally got my order, I was ready to sit down.  One plate and two drinks, and it was $24! Geez! I never got my extra rolls and I didn't get sausage, I got what I guess was turkey.  I said nothing, why prolong the argument agony for them? 
The first time, they were out of tea, I mean who would expect barbecue place to have tea in the tea dispenser? The second time they had tea that wasn't bad. 
The employee arguments continued, they spat at each other as customers came in and got over charged for what is supposed to be quality BBQ. I included pictures of the brisket and pulled pork, both with numerous globs of fat and not much meat. What meat there was, did not taste like smoked meat at all but very similar to roast you would make in an oven. I suppose if you drown the meat in the BBQ sauce that you have to REQUEST a container for, then it would be ok.  
The potato salad was clearly not made fresh, and the sad smashed rolls were not fresh either. The baked potato side was pretty good, but how can you screw up mashed potatoes with green onions and cheese?
 They have free ice cream! This place is to BBQ what Taco Bell is to Mexican.Heard very good things about this place and they met the expectations. Great service, food, and BBQ sauce. Worth a try if you enjoy barbecue.Dickey's BBQ Pit opened today as a new restaurant in Harahan.  As BBQ lovers my husband and I were excited about having BBQ close to home. 
The staff was friendly and working hard.  We arrived at 6:30pm and there were no ribs.  My husband ordered brisket and sausage and the 2 sides were baked beans and fried onions.  I had pulled pork, cheddar cheese sausage, mac and cheese and fried onions. The meat portion of our meal was tasty but not warm.  The sides were too salty to eat.  The manager/owner gave me pinto beans in exchange for the salty mac and cheese.  I couldn't eat the beans either. TOO SALTY.
The owner said all of there sides come from a corporate kitchen.  No in house made sides.  We left disappointed but will go again to try the ribs.  We'll see.
Free refills and free ice-cream.Don't try this place if you are in rush! It takes them forever to even get your orderI dont see why Dickies gets a bad rap. Yea its a chain but unlike most chains it consistently has good bbq and you know this every time you come in. The beef brisket and ribs continues to be my favorites at this location. I love the cole slaw while the rest of the sides are just ok. The sauces served heated are the star of the show for me, they are exactly what i want BBQ sauce to be. If they were not so far out the way from where I live I would be hitting this place up much more often.The food is decent, but the staff seemed like they were not happy to be there. The men's bathroom was locked with no one inside.Ordered a Westerner sandwich to go. Got home and opened up the sandwich so i could top it off with some bbq sauce. Found a nice, quality size piece of plastic in my sandwich (see pictures).
This place is basically set up like a subway for bbq, so the fact that 3 people handled my food and never noticed such a big hunk of plastic wrap in my sandwich frightens me.
Will definitely never return nor recommend this place to anyone.I recently tried this joint. Talk about good food! The pork ribs are delicious, but the beef brisket won my heart. Its very tender and juicy.  You can tell its been slow cooked at the right temperature.The baked beans are full of flavor, and to balance it all, the dinner rolls are sweet, crispy, and and hot. I will definitely be going backSo the thing I look for most in a bbq place is if everything has the same seasoning and flavor. If it does, thumbs down. If everything has its distinct taste and flavor, thumbs up . This was def a thumbs up! Came here on 4th of July and it was surprisingly busy. We had the 4 ppl Picnic Pack: brisket, potato salad, okra, rolls. As a native Texan, I thought the meat was fantastic!  Seasoned well, tender, burnt smoke edges...awesome!  Potato salad was cold mustard based and pretty good. Okra was fresh out the fryer, good, crisp, seasoned well.  Drink & sauce bar was well stocked. 
Staff was courteous and helpful.  Hairnets and caps were worn. Wasn't dirty or unkept. Trash was taken out as needed. 
Def will recommend and return. Good job!Great experience! The service was second to none- so friendly! The food was delicious- pulled pork, brisket, chicken and ham as well as Mac and cheese and the best potato casserole! Don't be fooled by the location.... Great atmosphere hidden in a strip mall.Awful, ran out of brisket and pulled pork, and made us wait in line 30 minutes without telling us that info. Save your time go somewhere else.I went to lunch there yesterday 1/21/18 and ordered a polish kielbasa sandwich on bun and a side order of onion tanglers. One of the staff had a hard time remembering the order before me. 
When I got home no onion tanglers and out $2.50.
The main problem I have is the food always seems greasy. I don't know if it's the butter on the bun or the meat. 
The meat must be smoked somewhere else because when they open the warmer the meat is wrapped.
Despite this the food is pretty good.BBQ Done Like a Contest
Here's a place that dose BBQ in competition style, done to perfection. I'm reviewing the brisket, ribs, creamed spinach and coleslaw. First of all, the ribs a cooked right; meat tender but not falling off the bone. This is the correct way in any professional rib cooking contest, as if the meat falls off the bone, it's technically overcooked, and disqualified. Brisket was moist and tender and both meats exhibited a good smoked flavor. Both the side orders were good as well. I particularly liked the spicy BBQ sauce, though they have two other choices as well. There's also free soft-serve ice cream at the condiment bar. I'll be visiting again to try some of the other meats and side orders.Ordered via Waitr and the driver had to wait on food for 20 minutes.  She said they were understaffed.  My three meat plate had 2 good ribs!  Everything else not good.  Over 1/2 the sliced brisket was fat...the person that put that in the box simply did not care.  Beans were canned pork and beans.  I have had great Dickie's BBQ from other locations...this store will fail if this is the best they can do.  Need to follow procedures and train folks to win.We gave this place a try in our search for good bbq after the closing of Corky's in Metairie. We had already been to the Joint (which was ok but the beef was dry) and Abita Barbecue (better than the Joint) back in January.
This place was very good. The meats were juicy and not dry, the sauces were good, and the side orders were tasty. We had two of the 3 meat plates in order to try everything. The sauces were in hot plates with ladles by the drink fountain so you could sauce your meat to your liking. I wish I would have remembered to get pictures when we were there last night. Next time we go, I will definitely take pics!
You might be wondering why I scored it 4 out of 5. The line took a while to move, however the employees were very friendly. One other thing is that they don't offer bone - in chicken, which I would have loved to have.
Oh, and they have free soft serve vanilla ice cream with cones next to the drink fountain. That's a plus for the kids.The food was overall good. I ordered the chicken breast, green beans and corn on the cob. The chicken breast was tasty and moist. The green beans were a tad on the salty side. My husband's beef brisket was good and the fried okra was perfect.As the young people say, this place "slaps," which means it was good. I'm currently enjoying a short vacation at Ochsner Medical. I snuck a meal of Smoked Turkey, Sliced Brisket, Okra, Onions, and Green Beans. Would've been 5 stars but I ordered Chopped Brisket and got Sliced Brisket. No big deal, though, since it was still really good. In order of soul-satisfying 'que, I'd say that the turkey was the bomb dot com, followed by the okra, green beans, onions, and, finally, the brisket, which was merely the bomb dot org or dot net.I so excited to eat bbq and what a disappointment we went to the Metairie location but they don't have yelp they were out of everything and what we did get was cold. NEVER again I'd be embarrassed to own this placeDickey's BBQ? More like Dookey's bbq. This place gave me the worse diarrhea of my life. It was like a volcano blowing out to start then leaking hot lava down the mountain sides of my butt cheeks. I gave this 2 stars because the only number I can associate with Dickey's is the number 2. To give credit where credit it due, they did have pretty clean bathrooms but I took care of that pretty quickly.I find that sometimes the service at this location is lacking however, Javonta was great-- kind, helpful, personable. As always, food was delicious and I was thankful for the suggestion another employee made about trying the jalapeño sausage!We have been buying brisket from the place for a few years now. Today may have been the last time. Their brisket used to be excellent, lean and tasty, we would warm it up for the dinner after eating it for lunch. 
Recently, few months ago, they started serving different meat with way more fat. Even when we tell them to give us lean meat, we get gristly, fat brisket where we have to carefully pick and choose eatable parts and end up throwing away half of our order.I just hated the double dip sandwich with sliced brisket pit-smoked caramelized onions cheddar cheese on a toasted hoagie buns served with smoky dipping sauce.  It was fantastic I really enjoyed it the meat was so season that you could even taste it on your lips after you finish eating the sandwich.  That's a good taste in sandwich!!!Decided to check this place out with the kiddos last week (5/29/14) as the 3 of us only seem to agree on pizza, steaks and bbq.  It's a chain so I wasn't expecting much.  We walked in and 5 people behind their cafeteria like assembly line of food greeted us in a friendly way.  My daughters each ordered a rib plate with fries and mac and cheese.  I ordered the 2 meat special with pulled pork and brisket and my sides were onion strings and beans.  
My daughters liked their ribs a lot.  The fries were definitely not fresh cut and the mac and cheese was like something that came out of a Kraft box.  My food was blah.  The meat had ZERO flavor.  No smokeyness, no seasoning, no charring, just like boiled meat.  I had to drown the meat in bbq sauce just to get through it. My sides were solid though.  The beans were good not great as were the onion strings.
The only reason I'll come back  is if my kids make me.  No reason to go to a chain BBQ joint when NOLA is starting to have other solid BBQ options in the city.We went to Dickey's with our best friends for a casual Saturday late lunch/early dinner expecting to have a phenomenal meal! 
I told the order taker that it was our first time there, but hopefully not our last, I am a Carolina man and I know and love good bbq!  The smell of the Hickory wood had my mouth watering! 
We placed our order, my wife got our table and the food was on the table very quickly, however, we were quickly disappointed . 
My wife complained that her bbq chicken was cold! I went to take it back for replacement and she called for me to come back that my two meat sandwich was cold too. 
I looked closer at our food, the potato salad looked as if it had been sitting out for hours, the mac and cheese looked like there was only cheese! 
I took all of the food back to the counter for a full refund. By this time, the rest of our party had arrived, they were sorely disappointed  because they had heard good things. 
As we were leaving, a lady was coming in and she overheard us,  I told her that our food was cold and she replied that it was always cold.   With all of the reports of Salmanella and other  airborne germs flooding our news this is totally unacceptable. 
I will be contacting our local health department on Monday! 
STAY AWAY AS IF YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT, BECAUSE IT DOES!I had the unfortunate pleasure Of visiting this restaurant today.
The pit master was rude and sharp. The cashier overheard how he wasn't very helpful, jump in and  answered my questions.
I ordered the rib plate with beans and potato salad to go. The beans and potato salad were awful. The rib meat had no flavor, no seasoning and the sauce too tangy.
As he was completing my order, he asked if I would like pickles and onions. I said yes. He leaned over to cashier and said "must be pregnant." I got so angry at his remark, wanted to tell him I overheard his remark. He wouldn't look up. The cashier saw the look on my face, gave a nervous laugh and said to him "oh, no, no no!"
Why would a worker say these insulting words to a man. It didn't matter if I wasn't a man. It's still rude and insulting to say it about a female customer. 
I won't be a returning customer.Don't go here. This place is a joke. There are way too many other better places. This was my third and FINAL visit. The food is very processed and the employees are not properly trained; not to mention they were not all wearing gloves. Every time I've tried it, the ordering process is a confusing mess. 
Tonight when we arrived, we were told "We are out of almost everything, let me tell you what we do have. All we have is turkey and sausage and a little bit of pulled pork." Seriously!? The ice cream machine was a filthy mess. The self serve barbecue sauce station was nearly empty and all dried up and crusty. This was at about 7:30pm on a Sunday night. Why even open your doors!? 
The turkey is like thick slices of jellied rubber, GROSS! It's almost the consistency of bologna. They didn't even have plastic knives! They were out of those too! We sat down to eat our turkey, took one bite and left. It was THAT bad! What a waste of $20 for a turkey platter and a turkey sandwich - WAY overpriced! Again, take my advice and don't go!Memorial Day, order on their site, pay for food, arrive 5 minutes after they said it was ready for pick up AND...NOTHING. I'm still waiting. Never again. This place is so disorganized! No one knows what the hell is going on! They took orders from walk-ins before even starting my order. When the 3 sandwiches were finally done, they were thrown in a bag, unlabeled, with 3 small servings of bbq sauce. One sandwich came out of the wrapping so it was a mess when I got home. 
Seriously,  what has happened here? Does no one at Dickey's give a darn?!? After working all day what a disappointment for dinner. The hot dog at the hospital was better.They changed the menu up a bit. So it took us a good 7 minutes to figure out what we wanted. Food is still as good as ever. Service still friendly. 
We went with a pound of pulled pork and a medium side of bbq beans and mac n cheese, 2 rolls and and one big yellow cup. All this came to approx $20. It was plenty for us. (Make sure you get the sides sizes right we had asked for smalls and accidentally got charged for mediums. I caught it after we paid and just asked them to give us the mediums instead of refunding the difference.)
 Pulled pork was great. I prefer it without the bbq sauce or with some of the juice from the bbq beans. The bbq beans were a lil bland this time so we did end up adding their sweet bbq sauce to it. Mac and cheese was decent. 
I was a little disappointed in the sweet tea. They have 2 containers marked sweet at the drink station. They both were not very sweet at all. One was actually less sweet than the other and had a taste like it had been sitting out for a while. (You tea lovers know what Im talking about). Anytime you make tea it never tastes quite the same everytime. I just got the fruit punch instead. 
The whole area was clean...even the restrooms. The main problem we had were the flies. There were so many. They were hard to fight off and keep from going near our food. We had to stop eating.
The general manager was very apologetic and nice. He explained the situation and said that he is working on getting the problem solved. He also gave us something extra for our trouble (which he didnt have to do). I definitely appreciated the time he took to talk to us so we were more forgiving. We told him we would be back despite the flies. Maybe we will sit closer to the door next time.
Overall, this is still a decent place with good pulled pork. Prices are within the higher end of reasonable. It looks like they changed it up to be a little friendlier on the wallet...but just a smidge. You're still looking at about $10+/person. I would still go here when I get to craving some pulled pork, though. Hopefully, the next visit wont be an invasion of flies.Took 10 mins to make plate when i was the only customer. Food was cold. Both women working are loaded on somethingComing from Texas we love a good BBQ.   Stopped in here yesterday hoping for some.     I had the rib plate. Five bones is how they described it.   And that was appropriate.   The pigs must have been anorexic.   The meat to bone proportion was minimal.  The flavor was masked by the cold greasy texture.  Did I mention the ribs were not held at the recommended temp to combat food poisoning. They were pork ribs that had been setting out long enough to be room temperature.   The coleslaw was fresh and refreshing.  The potato salad looked old and turned.  The husband had the sliced brisket. It was also left out too long and served room temperature. He advised the only thing that made it edible was the BBQ sauce he slathered on it.  Other wise it would have been like eating cardboard.   
We came looking for good BBQ.  We are still looking.   Maybe our expectations for good BBQ was too high.  But with Dickeys being based out of our home town and state of Dallas we thought it would be like being home.  Sad and disillusioned in our search for good BBQ.We were watching a cookie show and we started craving bbq. We didnt want to make a long drive so we ordered from this place. I wasnt expecting much so I was kind of surprised it wasnt a bad decision and for what it is,it was  good. We chose the 2 meats and 3 sides combo. They actually didn't know how much meat and size of the sides when they were serving it but they fixed it after I told them,the overall service was confusing but they were really nice.
.
The brisket was kind of  dry but not horrible,had a good flavor,good portion.
.
The turkey breast was juicy and tender,I was really surprised. The dinner rolls are really good,loved them. We ordered beans (the sweet hint on point),coleslaw (good good) and the potato salad (also good). It was plenty of food for two...left some for dinner.
Soooo as you know it isnt an extraordinary bbq experience but...to satisfy a craving for a bit,its a good to go.
.
(And free ice cream)!Followed email instructions but never received a response. I reached out again today. Initial email was 4/19 still no response as of today.. please check your orders and taste your food before pulling off from the restaurant ‍Ordered on Uber Eats, thought it was a Big Deal burger, actually it was Dickey's BBQ. I ordered two cheeseburgers and brisket fries. The burgers were probably the worst burgers I've ever had in my entire life. Dry and cold. Awful. Plain awful. Didn't even finish it, I gave it to my dog and felt ashamed about doing that. Brisket fries weren't terrible, but burgers were the worst. Won't ever go back there unless I want some BBQ, the burgers need to be taken off the menu!We enjoy the food and simple country atmosphere in Harahan. We have also eaten at a Dickey's in Meridian Mississippi and that was good too. The brisket used to be my favorite and b it b was almost like Whole Foods brisket. I don't know what happened but I'm switching to the ribs or pulled pork.I just ordered dinner from them via Doordash- honestly not impressed at all- the only positive is the food arrived ahead of schedule. It was barely warm and 1/3 of my order was wrong. The "tacos" (literally soft mini size taco shell slapped with triangles of pre-packaged sliced cheddar cheese with a hunk of not even warm bbq meat- they gave me two of two taco type when I ordered 1 each of the 4 types offered on the menu) are mediocre at absolute best. Will not be eating here or ordering from here again.Ate dinner there tonite with my 2 teenage granddaughters.   Excellent food quick service and great prices.   The smoked meats were outstanding, I had the pulled pork, my wife had the burnt ends brisket.  hot and juicy.  Love this place.  Very friendly staff.This is my fault at this point. This is the third time I've ordered online and the food wasn't ready for pick up.  In the past, once my orders were ready, I got home and there was literally no BBQ sauce.  
I'm currently waiting for order that I already paid for online and says it's ready for pick up but I was informed that it wasn't even started yet. 
And when the lady mentioned my online order to the dude prepping, he says he has to get the in-house orders done. 
The food isn't bad when you finally get it but 3 times in a row now... come on man. I'm not getting food from this place again. 
Smoked BBQ and TreBon are right down the road.
Update: after about a half hour and 6 walk-in's who came in after me got their food, I asked if my food was done. 
I got placed behind all the other orders and it still wasn't being worked on. 
So 1 hour after I ordered and paid, I asked for a refund, which was preformed in the back. This is the first time in about a decade I asked for a refund from a restaurant and left.  
I just don't understand why my order would just be made with the "in-house orders or something as I waited over an hour for a paid for to go order that was never started. WTF man?Ordered from them today for pickup. I only received half of my order. When I called and was told to come me back and the manager would take care of it, I was met by an intimidating employee was caimed that he filled the order himself and I had to prove it. I left instead of getting into an argument but I will never be back. Tried to call back to talk to the manager but was hung up on.Online and in person is a terrible service experience!    Rude and nothing works everNew Dickey's finally opened in Destrehan,LA after Hurricane Ida. Food is quite good (rbs,pulled pork,brisket). 
I guess because it is new, service was abysmal. Got yelled at for standing in wrong spot to order. Asked for the daily special, cashier not happy. Special says it comes with two sides and drink. Had to pay extra for drink and didn't get second side. See photo for how first side bagged. 
Food is very good. Let's hope that services catch up.Went to Metairie location ordered 9/9 wings/ribs.
The wings were lemon pepper they were over seasoned we couldn't even eat them(extremely salty). I also ordered Spicy BBQ ribs I received dry ribs no sauce. The ribs were tender but I had to use BBQ sauce from home. I'm disappointed I was looking forward to them coming to Destrehan.i was picking up for Uber at this location. The loud mouth young lady behind the counter instructed me to call her customer because they were out of boneless wings. She is verbally abusive to the employees. I ended up canceling the order. Also there was a young man with his rear end showing with his pants around his knees. Unprofessional, and the employees are mistreated and taker to horribly.Service and food is horrible!  They messed up our order several times even though we were explicitly clear on what we wanted and the manager just gave my wife the "death stare".  The pork and beef brisket were both mostly fat.  It wasn't even edible.  The ice cream cone though was delicious!  We have eaten here before and for the most part was pleased but after last night that will be the last time!  Yikes good luck if you try it.Nothing fancy here to make you want to shout to the skies, but it relatively close to the house.  And a lot of times that makes all the difference. All things considered I would say it is a lunch place rather than dinner.  Basic tray with fancy wax paper and each item in it's own disposable container.  The sausage was good and you had a choice of 3 different bbq sauces to go with the meat. For the sides I went safe choosing the beans and potato salad.  For your drink, you received a plastic cup and went around the corner to make your selection.Not prepared for a pandemic.   We ordered online for curbside pickup.  After waiting for 45 minutes I had to enter the restaurant to see what had happened to our food.   Since I had expected curbside delivery, I was not prepared with gloves or masks to enter the restaurant and was in a panic.    (My husband and I are in a "vulnerable" group.)  Covering my face with a paper towel, I found the 2 workers ungloved and unmasked.   The hand sanitizer bottle was empty.    I should have walked away but was afraid they'd keep my money anyway.   Washed all containers and even wiped sandwich wrapping in bleach water when we got home.  None of the people in the restaurant waiting for orders were masked or gloved.  We should have known better.