I can't help but rave about the amazing food at Dijon!!  A bunch of us went for New Year's Eve dinner and the food and ambiance were both stellar.  It was a hard call between ordering off the regular menu or ordering off the New Year's Tasting Menu.  In the end, the grilled hangar steak won over the tasting menu.  A friend and I shared a cheese plate and the roasted oysters as starters.  I enjoyed bubbly by the glass but finished with a nice, well rounded Tuscan red with the steak...yum yum.  I would like to give a shout out the tuna dish from the tasting menu.  It was a creative and delicious treat.  I would have never guessed that cinnamon, tuna, pumpkin and pomegranate combo danced in my mouth.  Happy New Year!!Amazing!  Wasn't really aware of this place before, but now I will go often. To begin with, the space is wonderful. It's a beautiful old building that was formerly used by the N.O.F.D. It's cavernous and beautifully decorated. However, the food more than matches the quality of the ambience. It was spectacular. There were six of us and none of us had anything that was less than fabulous. Run, don't walk to this place and try it. You won't regret it and you'll thank me. I'm already planning my next visit.Found Dijon on OpenTable while trying to find somewhere to eat after Jazz Fest. We were really, really impressed. Cool room, appropriate portion sizes, and delicious food. We both had the duck gumbo, which was very nice, split the duck confit (mmm, delicious water birds), and I had the grilled sirloin, which was cooked to perfection- beautifully seared, nice pink center, but still hot all the way through.  I wish I had another night in town to come back!This place needs way more business. Excellent food and service. Both apps and entrees were good. Boudin, oyster salad, grouper and flank steak. 5 stars.First let me just say that the brunch here was delicious. The service was not that great (it was almost a four hour brunch for 6 girls and there was no one else in the restaurant). The atmosphere is amazing.
I started off with the Farmhouse Salad - Butter crisp lettuce, butternut squash, spiced pecans, fresh cheese, Dijon vinaigrette ($12). I could have eaten that salad three times it was so good. The cheese IS actually fresh. I'm pretty sure they milked a cow (or goat) and churned it in the kitchen. I'm a sucker for anything that has butternut squash and it was well worth the $12. I then moved onto the Steak & Eggs - Grilled sirloin hanger steak, andouille & potato Lyonnaise, poached eggs, Béarnaise ($17). If you are going to do Steak and Eggs this is how you want to do it.
One of my friends got the Cornbread Pain Perdu - Candied smoked bacon, poached pears and Steen's cane syrup ($19) and she licked her plate clean. Others decided to get dessert and those were equally as yummy.
So why three stars? Let me tell you. Me and my friend (the only other girl who didn't drink mimosas but drank coffee with me) got sick that night. Like running fever I want to empty my stomach sick. We didn't go out the night before so there is no reason for this weird reaction. Maybe there was something bad in the coffee. But I suggest eating there but DO NOT GET THE COFFEE.
I would try this restaurant again - maybe during their Wednesday Wine Night.I cannot think why this place isn't always packed serving food at double the price. 
As a a large group of hungry travelers, we tackled most of the menu at least once. For some of us the first bite induced hyperbolic pleasure moans, while others were left in a quiet calm. 
This place has mastered the art of a 1 second flavor delay. The soy glazed pork lulls your mouth briefly before erupting spice and sweetness from your head to toe. Contrasting the stark texture of poached rabbit loin with rabbit stew was at least as brilliant as pairing wafer-thin gingered cucumbers with smooth yellowfin tuna. I could go on... and on.... the gentle kick of the crawfish boudin balls ... the compact flavor of the marrow...
the restaurant and patio are modern but unpretentious. when i first passed by, it nestled seamlessly into the quiet overgrown neighborhood. 
the food arrived quickly and the waitstaff were polite and accommodating. if we asked for a drink they did not serve, the bartender was quick to furnish a tastier alternative. 
when I return I hope to relive this quiet and perfect dinner - but deep down I hope they are overrun with eager customers night after night.I found this restaurant based on several online reviews I had read.  It is fantastic.  
It is in an old warehouse space.  It is open and beautiful.  There is gorgeous indoor and outdoor seating.  They play great music for ambiance.  The dishes are inventive.  We had a Pan Roasted Wild Striped Bass with braised carrots, sauteed squash, kale and carol ginger emulsion.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  I also had the Roasted Oysters en Perseillade and a Shaved Squash Crawfish Salad (with a hint of mint).  
The food was great and they accomodate vegetarians and carnivores alike.Sweet Potato Soup with White Truffle Honey                               
We were served by terrific local waiters and a bar tender named Scott.  They made us feel like locals.
I have only great things to say about this place.  Go...go now!Excellent food and cocktails, wonderful courtyard. My buddy Ted Long does a jazz duo on some fridays. Evidently the building used to be a firehouse. kinda wish they had left the fireman's pole in the building for other entertainment purposes.Wonderful menu with a mix of heavy rich sauces and delicate fish. Superb for foodies. Wonderful ambiance in the lofty former fire stationThis place gets 3 stars for good bottomless mimosas. We did brunch on a Sunday,  a group of us girls wanted to get together at last min and this place had an opening. And bottomless mimosas.  While the food wasnt bad, its was fairly underwhelming. There are a ton of great brunch places in New Orleans.... Dijon offered ok food, for about $5-$10 more than other places would charge for good food.
Two of us got the cornbread french toast and  2 others got the grits and grillades. The cornbread french toast was $14 for 2 pieces of corn bread, some Steens syrup, and 2 peices of bacon. I mean the cornbread was good, sweet and moist... but it was not french- toasty at all.... I dunno, I guess i kinda expected it to be pan fried like french toast? Instead it was just 2 squares of cornbread with syrup. The grits and grillades arent like others that I have had (Im from south Louisiana so I grew up with them). The meat was really chewy too. However, the grits themselves were really good.
 We were 1 of 2 tables in the entire restaurant at prime brunch time...so, if you need to organize something in a pinch, brunch is wide open here! I cant comment on the lunch or dinner experience, they maybe better...but I wont be returning for bunch. 
TLDR; good bottomless mimosas, mediocre expensive foodFirst post woohoo. Went last Friday and loved it. Crabmeat in a beggars purse, Sesame Crusted Tuna, and bread right out of the wood oven. Definitely will be back.I read some of the negative reviews before going to Dijon for dinner--ignore them. Had a lovely time with excellent food.
Started with the kale and fried oyster salad; not only were the oysters plump and juicy but the kale was delicious with a wonderful dressing. Next had the soup special, sweet potato w/bacon--incredible, I could have this every day, to eat or perhaps take a bath in. Creamy sweet potato with bite size bits of bacon that seemed almost sweet like honey-glazed. YUM!
Then the Pan Roasted Duck Breast with Bourbon-cherry duck demi, brabant sweet potatoes w/creole cream sauce, ratatouille. Duck was properly moist, prepared perfectly (I told the waiter to do it "however Chef thinks best"). Why don't more restaurants do brabant sweet potatoes? They were melt-in-your-mouth tasty with that sensational sauce. The ratatouille was, unlike other places, neither over- nor under-cooked and had a real fresh taste to it. Good-sized portions for all the components.
Enjoyed a glass of rose and, earlier, an amaretto and orange juice done just right.
And all very reasonably priced with spiffy service.
Perhaps my only criticism would be the bread, which was good/okay, but such cuisine really does deserve something even better. Suffice to say, I'm already looking forward to returning.We ordered about six dishes from both the lunch and the brunch menus. Everything was well seasoned and uniquely flavored. The steak tartare, rabbit tenderloin and shrimp toast were particularly exceptional. I especially enjoyed the the fried okra that came with the tenderloin. We also had the sunchoke and crab salad and the omelette with crab claws. The salad was slightly (ever so slightly) bland but pairing it with the other flavorful dishes worked out well. Lastly, the buttermilk biscuits and cornbread were simply perfect. Biscuit and bread aside, everything had a clean, non-standard flavor which made it exciting to eat. 
All of the above doesn't address the outstanding service. The owner even came by and thanked us for visiting. This was one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've ever had.What a nice surprise and a welcome addition to the lower garden district. I went for lunch and the food was innovative without being weird, flavorful without the ingredients competing for top billing. I had the louisiana crab in the beggars purse and it was by far the best I have ever eaten!
Also, to be able to sit outside and not be sitting close to the street but in a nicely appointed, large brick courtyard just put it over the top for me and insured that Dijon will be added to my list of go-to places to eat out.While in town for a conference, we could not get a reservation at recommended restaurants on a busy weekend but found Dijon online and they had availability.  There was clearly a reason why...service was what you would expect from a college staff at Applebee's.  food was not much better. My fish was very fishy, two of our entrees came out 10 minutes later than the others, so while we waited for our friends food to come, ours got cold.  The quality of the meal did not live up to its price point.  The owner with the ponytail kept hovering over our table and made our table of women feel very uncomfortable.  Overall we left feeling we had wasted one of our three nights in town on a mediocre restaurant in a town full of great eats.I live across the street from Dijon, which means that it would be a super-convenient place to go, except that I read the reviews here and decided against it. BAD DECISION. I'm so glad I eventually got lazy enough to give it a try, because this place is awesome! I think a lot of the bad reviews are left over from when it had a different owner and a different chef, so, if you had a bad experience at Dijon a while ago, give it another try!
I go for brunch every single weekend. The bottomless mimosas are good, and their biscuits are delicious. They always have a really interesting jam that goes with them that changes every week. I am very boring and get the eggs Benedict every week (I have a weakness for eggs Benedict) but they are DELICIOUS. The eggs are perfectly poached, the biscuit has enough texture to stand up to all the juices of eggs Benedict, the pork it comes with is really good, and the Hollandaise is just the right amount of accent. It comes with a small side of greens that is a nice lightness to balance the richness of the eggs Benedict. The side of bacon is also very good. I brought out-of-town friends here for brunch, and one of them got the shrimp and grits and declared it to be better than the shrimp and grits he'd had at Commander's Palace two days earlier. 
I've also been for dinner, and I have no complaints about that, either, but I'm definitely more of a brunch person. I hear the wine tastings on Wednesdays are great, though. 
Anyway, if it's been a while since you tried Dijon, I'd give it another try. I will actually say it's my favorite thing about the neighborhood.After seeing some mixed reviews about Dijon, I was a little apprehensive about trying it out.  But since I live in the neighborhood and saw the living social deal, I figured I would give it a try.  I was definitely pleasantly surprised.   
Dijon had a very romantic and elegant atmosphere.  The restaurant was empty Friday night (as it usually is), which inspired me to write a review because it's worth checking out.  As I'm a student, the regular menu is a bit pricey for me but it's definitely the sort of place I'll take my parents when they come visit.  And with the living social deal it's 100% worth it.  Also, they have free wine tasting and appetizers (cheese, meat, pickles) on Wednesday nights!   
For the appetizers, we had the kale and fried oyster salad and the crawfish boudin balls.  I thought I didn't like kale or oysters, but I was wrong.  The kale chips were salty and crunch like a regular chip, and the fried oyster was fresh and had a satisfying texture.  The boudin balls were also very tasty, as were the pickles that came with them (who knew pickles could be so good)? 
For the main course, the gulf fish was served with a sweet orange cream sauce that really melted in my mouth.  It was served over warm, buttery spinach.  My fiance got the hanger steak, where the meat sauce dripped all over the mashed potatoes.  The steak was also topped with caramelized onion that gave it some unexpected sweetness.
The dessert was coffee and chicory creme brulee served with four mini beignets and a chocolate mousse.  I personally didn't care for the mousse because it was bittersweet and I like sweeter desserts, but my fiance really liked it.I went there today for Easter brunch. The duck gumbo is to die for! I got a mixed green salad with some type if cherry vingarette with blood oranges...also amazing! My boyfriend got the steak and eggs, the chef did a great job putting his own spin on this classic dish! The only downfall was the service was pretty slow. I think maybe our waitress was new bc other people around us seemed to be getting their food and drinks pretty quick. I will def. be back...but I think I will sit at the bar.Located in the old NOFD Engine 1 Firehouse, a unique menu, great drinks, and secluded and relaxing ambiance make Dijon a wonderful place for dinner.  
The patio is a perfect place to relax with a drink and listen to live music.  The Christmas lights really set the feel.  
The menu is fantastic and carefully plated.  
The staff is very accommodating and friendly.  
I had my Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here back in November and they made it stress free for everyone.The food was ranged from great to good to bad in some spots. Had a great soup and excellent short ribs. The entree really needed a vegetable of some sort. Super rich ribs and cheese polenta needs something to take is down a little. The crusted mahi was excellent, but the vegetable was awful and that needed something more on the place to boost it overall. They have the right idea and are headed in the right direction. Seems that they need to work the menu a little more to get where they need to be. I found the overall feeling to be too open and cold. And there was a very strong gas odor that gave me a headache by the time the meal was over.This is a beautiful space, and considering it's right across the street from the well-populated Saulet apartments, I'm surprised there's never more of a crowd in here. Whenever I drive by, I only see a couple tables filled. It's a shame, because the interior is set with high ceilings (I mean HIGH!) and mood lighting, and there's even a pretty little outdoor seating area. 
The food was good. Not spectacular. The presentation was lovely, the duck was cooked perfectly, very tender meat. Portions are on the smaller side (particularly for the prices), but at the end of the day there was so much salt that I was okay with the small portion. The listed sides for the duck were merely pureed into a sauce drizzled around the edges. I felt misled. The waiter reeked of fresh cigarette smoke every time he leaned over to fill my water. 
There's potential here...I just came from having appetizers at Dijon with a dear friend. We split the cheese plate and grilled oysters. Oh my! the oysters were so good. They had a parsley and garlic sauce on them, then grilled, they were lovely! So fresh! We also had the cheese plate, and they had a nice selection of cheeses - loved the blue! :D 
I would definitely go again and try dinner here...the dining room was lovely - a beautiful spot and a fabulous courtyard! Can't wait until it warms up, would love to sit outside and have cocktails! :DService a+
Mushroom bisque a+
Gulf shrimp a+
Dessert a+
Attentive to detail and sincere appreciation by owner stopping by our table!Came here for brunch with a group of friends, and it really was one my favorites in New Orleans. Everything we had was excellent, and delivered a unique twist on a standard morning meal. 
First, the building is beautiful, and the space is just really cool. We sat outside as its starting to get nicer, and the wait staff was incredibly attentive and present.
The meal started with a herbed bread and a sweet butter, which I had never had before, but I could not stop eating. The savory and sweet went perfectly in the low key complimentary bread. 
We each also had coffees, which the waitstaff ensured we never empty, while waiting for our breakfast appetizer of sweet buns. These were more pecan buns or sticky rolls than cinnamon buns, but no one has ever been upset about any of those options. 
Then, the eggs benedict feature a creole pork, really adding to the meal for someone who will get eggs benedict whenever they see it on the menu. The jambalaya omelet lived up to its name, but was excellent on both ends of the combination. The rice, shrimp, and andouille were all delicious, and stuffed into an omelet they made for an excellent New Orleans brunch dish.
My girlfriend had ordered the sweet cakes, and it was without a doubt my favorite item anyone got. It was lathered in bourbon syrup, and accompanied by fried bananas, giving it just enough fruit that I could pretend it was healthy. The sweetness was a great combination of thick syrup, with a sweet cake base that would have been sweet on its own. However, it never felt like too much and even though I am a savory brunch kind of guy, I have been craving this since we left.
Overall we had an excellent time, and I look forward to going back for brunch soon, and cannot wait to try it for dinner.I was here for a Cocktail Meetup one night so I only had drinks, not food. The drinks were wonderful - Brandy Milk Punch was spot on and the Irish Eyes cocktail had mighty craic indeed.
But here's what impressed me: being there as a group, we were already getting a special on drinks. Some of the drinks on the menu were discounted. However, I wanted drinks on the menu that were not and had no issue paying full price, especially since there was a Yelp deal for this place. I asked the owner if I could use my Yelp deal towards the drinks I was paying full price on and he was totally cool about it. He easily could have been rude but he wasn't - in fact, he was downright classy. I'll be going here again for sure to try their food (and more Brandy Milk Punches...)Excellent food and great atmosphere. The owner came out to see how everyone was doing, which I always appreciate. Overall a great experience. Be sure to try the gumbo!So I live pretty close to this place and just never got around to going.  I gave them 5 stars bc I believe they deserve more then 4 for their food and atmosphere.  It's really cool- an old fire station.
The food was fantastic.  We got the kale salad with fried oysters. I'd go back and just order that carry out. It may have been one of the best things I've eaten in a very long time. The combination of flavors was like an orgasim in my mouth! I then got the steak- which was also very good. However... we finished with the creme brulee w chickery and beignets.  Lets just say I found myself licking the dish afterwards. 
The service was great.  Our waiter literally appeared every time we needed him and the owner came out to make sure we liked our meal.
I'm definitely going back.Ambiance = 5 stars. It's in a very cool location (across the street from where I live, The Saulet), and it's in an old fire house, which is very cool, especially since they still have the pole intact! My boyfriend and I wandered over to check it out. It seemed like they are still trying to get some of the kinks out since we waited by the door for a while to be seated, and then our waitress seemed a little flustered and unknowledgeable about the menu, but the staff was nice and friendly and apologetic when our drinks and food took a little longer than it should have. The bread was amazing - from a brick oven. The wine selection was pricey, which disappointed me. I hoped to share a decent bottle of wine with my boyfriend for about $25, but the least expensive bottle was $40. Due to cost, we went straight for the entree. He got the rabbit stew and I got the Duck a L'Ousiana. Both were good, but nothing to write home about. My meat was good but I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce (had a bit of a kick to it when I was expecting it to be sweet). It might just be my particular taste buds and preferences. Or maybe what we ordered wasn't the best thing on the menu, but due to price, I was expecting much more. For dessert, we shared the sweet potato bread pudding (came with ice cream and toasted marshmallow on top) and that was seriously amazing. Bill came out to around $100 for two drinks, 2 entrees and 1 dessert. I'll definitely give it another chance, especially since they are so close and serve brunch on Sundays from 10:30-2:30 (I love going out for breakfast), but the cost, mistakes the staff made (wait time), and taste kept me from giving it 4 stars.This was my second time dining at Dijon. My previous visit was when the old chef was working. I had the living social coupon which made the meal more affordable, but I wouldn't say the quality of the food was worth $30 a plate. The service was SLOW, they were much busier than my previous visit but I don't think they anticipated the number of customers that arrived for a Tuesday night. I probably would not go back and pay full price for the same experience.I've been here twice and had a really nice time during each visit.  The first thing that struck me was the vibe.  Set in a super cool neighborhood, the ambiance was a unique mixture of modern-historic; very pleasant.  The wait staff was friendly and the food....well, let's talk about the duck gumbo.  Fantastic flavor.  I'm also a huge proponent of the sweet potato bread pudding.  The crawfish waffles were creative and I liked them, too.  I can tell that the owner really cares about the food and the customer experience and I'm looking forward to see what's new on my next visit.  Overall, I'd recommend: check it out!Love this place and their new chef(as of September). Its a beautiful space with excellent food and wine to accompany. Its my go-to place as I work around the corner, but I hope other people find and enjoy it as well....Located in an old New Orleans firehouse, I think Dijon is one of the coolest restaurant locations in the city. I love how a building that once housed fire trucks is now a white tablecloth restaurant.
Several months ago the chef from Dijon posted on yelp about opening this restaurant. His description of the restaurant, plus the coolness of the venue intrigued me. Since then I have been trying to find a reason to visit. When a friend and I were trying to find a place to eat before a show, I remembered this restaurant, and made a reservation via open table.
When we arrived we were greeted, and promptly seated by a very friendly hostess. The first thing I was struck by was the location. The large dining room was attractive with windows on either side and very high ceilings. It looked as if there was once a second floor that was no longer there, but the fireman's pole was still at the front of the room. I imagine the room was once the garage where the apparatus was stored. Now it works perfectly as a dining room.
We were served an amuse-bouche to start our dining experience. This was a nice touch, but I didn't particularly care for it. It was a crabmeat dish, but the crabmeat had a slight fishy taste which was off-putting. Despite that, we ordered the crabmeat in a phylo purse for an appetizer.
This dish came with crabmeat inside of phylo dough with a red onion vinaigrette on the side. The red onion vinaigrette was very good, but the crabmeat was still a bit off-putting. I detected the same fishy taste. Again, it wasn't bad, but I wouldn't order it again.
For entrees we ordered the rabbit stew and grilled sirloin flap steak. The steak was marinated chimichurri style, and came with with manchego croquettes and haricot verts (green beans). Since the server didn't ask what temperature I wanted, I was a little concerned, but the steak was very good. In fact, it was the best item we ate.
The rabbit stew was beautifully presented in a cast iron skillet. Unfortunately, we didn't enjoy it as much as the steak. The rabbit seemed somewhat bland, and it lacked the depth that other rabbit dishes I have had in the past had (Rabbit grand mere at La Provence is my favorite). It was disappointing to see my friend unable to complete this dish because she just didn't like it.
The owner did stop at our table and ask how our meal was. He was obviously passionate about the restaurant. He took the time to listen to our concerns, and told us all about his concept, and plans for the future. It was nice to have an owner that involved in the operation, yet willing to take time and talk to the customers.
Everyone we encountered was very friendly and gave us a great level of service. Our server (Nicole?) was particularly good. She was very attentive, but no so much so that we couldn't have a conversation.
In summary, Dijon is a very cool venue. The service was great, but the food did not blow me away.We had a large party of 12 for dinner and the outdoor seating was fantastic. Several of us ordered rum and ginger. (Un)fortunately, they didn't have ginger ale. Instead, the chief made some crazily good concoction involved freshly squeezed juice of ginger and club soda (I personally can't tell what he put in but it was really good). The appetizers were amazing, so was my duck breast. As a poor graduate student who lived on subways and burritos, it is probably THE fine dining experience so far in my life. I know it is not saying much for the connoisseurs, but the meal was worth every penny I put down.Again, I love this place. The food is always great and the service is amazing. Went back again recently. The menu changes regularly, which is nice, but never disappoints. I can't go all the time, because I can't afford to eat there that much, but I do go quite often and will continue to do so. As I've said before, the building/space is incredible. I keep bringing new people with me and every one of them has been impressed.This place is amazing...I've been here the past 3 hours of my life! I had the beef tenderloin special with very delicious mushroom risotto. The cocktails are truly inventive. If you love a patio like I love a patio this is your new favorite spot. Stop by and have a drink with Kurt B. and Celeste. :-)Can you give zero stars?  Went here on a Saturday night at 7:45. The place was half empty. We were immediately told under no circumstances could we sit at bar and order food as the kitchen was slammed. We really wanted to try their snowball cocktail so we went ahead to the bar, which was also half empty.  The bartender gave us a FOOD menu so we thought perhaps the hostess wasn't serious. We asked if we could order a simple cheese plate to go with cocktail but were denied. It was extremely awkward and disappointing experience as a local. We will NEVER go back. When we left at 8:30, the place was still half empty as evidenced by pic attached. I thought restaurants wanted a positive electric vibe. Not a dead one. Definitely one for the books.We had bad service and lousy food! I would not recommend eating there.My wife and I were visiting from Nashville and fortunately found this wonderful restaurant.  This is a beautiful/clean restaurant  (formerly a  fire station w/ a high ceilings/brick walls/exposed wood)  with AMAZING food. The chef was formerly at Le  Petit Grocery and trained in Paris. Best food we had in New Orleans. And very reasonable prices for the highest quality food. The cocktail menu is the most creative ever. Do not miss.!!!This place is a joke!  It's incredibly expensive, the owner puts himself on par with the best restaurants in the city AND THE FOOD IS INEDIBLE.Went to Sunday Brunch, the pork belly is juicy, duck skin is crispy. The chocolate mousse will be better if accompanied with cake. I didn't try any omelette or poyboy at the brunch menu. Maybe worth trying for dinner since there will be more choices.wow! What a disappointment. We thought we try out a new place on a whim..no referrals no word of mouth. We get there and enter through the courtyard. The place was empty which always concerns me at 6pm on a Saturday. Beer and wine selection was basic with beer in cans...yeah beer in cans. (no draft, no bottle).  Looking over the menu the selections were minimal with nothing to offer children. We ordered the roasted beet salad $9, french onion soup$8 and shrimp with grit cake $10 thinking the shrimp &grit cake be sufficient for the kids. Wrong! it came with three (3) shrimp and small ones at that! WTF! Soup and salad was also a small portions nothing to rave about. For the main meal we had the duck and hangar steak. Kids sat and watched us since there was nothing for kids and nothing on the menu worth chancing. We ordered  the duck and hangar steak medium.It came out med-rare. And to kick me while I'm down the hangar steak was 5-6 oz, with burnt asparagus and an average portion of potatoes. You can find bigger asparagus at Walmart. It seems their suburban gardening (they have berries growing by the door) is a good way to serve less with a high price point. We smartly avoided the $6 three small scoops of ice cream and left to find somewhere to feed the kids. And when we left there were only two other diners. This place would best be returned to a firehouse. #nola #nola diningI'm not going to go on about this place because its already been said except to state that the food tastes like its been in the fridge or freezer too long (probably because there is not enough business to keep things fresh). The cook seems as if he was trained in the 80's or early 90's when Miami Vice was popular. It just seems like nobody really knows food here and there is just no room for bad "fine" dining in this town. For entrees that go for 22-28 bucks there are TONS of better places to go in this City. Other than the room, this one is a loser.This is in my top three favorite places for brunch. We've been there several times and each time we come away completely satisfied. Our last brunch was probably the best meal I've had in a while. 
We started off with their candied smoked crispy bacon, which is always delicious, but 3 slices so if you're sharing make sure you order more than one :). The second appetizer was the fried oyster salad. The oysters were crispy and moist, the kale was friend and perfectly seasoned and the dressing was delicious. Both of us thought is was just amazing and wanted more. 
Our entrees were the Smoked Pork Eggs Benedict and the Steak and Eggs. Both were just mouth watering. The steak was well seasoned and the bernaise sauce that came with is was perfectly complimentary. The sweet potatoes were crispy and soft on the inside (which is how i love them). The smoked pork was just fantastic, with the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce that melted in your mouth. If you can't tell I love this place. 
The dessert was the proverbial icing on the cake. We had the coffee creme brûlée with beignets, the brûlée was the best I've had. It was smooth and creamy and had a great coffee taste without being overpowering. 
My only side note is that this is a place that takes its time. You should go there with about 2 hours to relax and enjoy good food and kind service. 
Buen Provecho!We've been to Dijon three times and each time has been excellent. It is a true farm to table restaurant, and you can taste it in the butter, the sauces, etc. We've had the pork ravioli, sesame crusted tuna, catch of the day, pineapple tart dessert with pecan ice cream, the list goes on. Ambiance is nice, good music, very open and calm atmosphere. There isn't a kids menu but I consider this a good thing as our 7 year old tried the Thai shrimp and Duck Gumbo, and she loved it. 
 Yeah, that's true. It's that good.We booked a table at this romantic looking place the Monday before Friday, Valentine's night, as much of the town was booked by the week before for our special outing. When I reserved on another booking service site, we were able to get a 7:15 which made me thrilled, especially to try the new chef. A few days later, I received a message from them, confirming my online reservation, and not mentioning any other special details. On Friday, I decided to look at their website, and they added a last minute sweetheart menu du jour. I called the restaurant in the early afternoon, to return their call, to confirm, and to inquire as to whether the regular menu was still being served, since it was not mentioned on their site. I left a succinct and detailed message with all that I just described, and asked for a call back. No call back ever came.
 We headed into the restaurant which was only half full, and was greeted right away, got seated and handed a special menu for the day, and was told they offered us a glass of champagne to start. Bubbles, how beautiful! The sickly sweet sparkling wine was served warm. This was a sign. When glancing at the menu, the set course was $95 per person and offered many items I would not eat, as I am a near vegetarian. When we inquired, we were told there was no substitutions allowed. We asked to speak to the maitre'd, attired in a casual outfit topped with a knit skull cap, hardly befitting the ambience they wished to convey. I explained the communications, and he showed no remorse, saying this is what they always did every Valentine's Day. He finally agreed to a miscommunication, after arguing with us. We left, surely won't return, and luckily had a delicious and fine meal down the street at an establishment we have dined at repeatedly.Bought a Living Social for the Prix Fixe menu.  There were two choices of each course and we were very happy to have oysters, grouper and one each of the desserts, a chocolate mousse and coffee/chicory creme brulee.  The oysters were very fresh and one in our party had the roasted oysters in addition to the fried oyster salad on the Prix Fixe menu - both were very good.  The local fish dish was grouper and it was tasty.  The creme brulee was especially good - it tasted like eating a cup of coffee! Service was good and we were very well taken care of even though one server hadn't turned up.  The ambiance within the converted firehouse is quite special.Tom fitzmorris recommends waiting 3 months before trying and we should have adhered to such advice. Our reservation for a table of 7 was at 7:15.  I don't think our wine was delivered until 7:45 and our salads didn't arrive until 8:30.  Mine was wilted. My overpriced gumbo tasted like dirty dish rag and was admitted that it was nit good by the owner.   The entrees were served cold and late.  When we complained to the owner about the tardiness, he said we were too busy drinking.  And then only provided dessert for us, which was dry and tasteless.  Never insult the customer, who is spending a great deal of money,
.
In sum, overpriced, nothing outstanding and unenthusiastic staff and inexperienced owner has resulted in seven regular diners to never try again.  I tried a new restaurant again on Saturday night and the experience was wonderful.I'm amazed at the few negative reviews I see because I just went for my 4th time last night and it was, yet again, fantastic. In fact, with the new chef, it is even better. Whatever the problems may or may not have been in the transition, they are fixed now it seems. Everything we had was spot-on and delicious. The ambience of this incredible space is still second to none. I was a fan in the beginning and am now a bigger fan than I was then.This place rules! This is my second visit to New Orleans from the Bay Area, and by far one of the best meals I've had in a long time. For the quality and wonderful service the price is right. We went with a bunch of locals for our friends 30th, and the staff treated us like royalty! We sampled almost about everything on the menu, and everything was HELLA good. I had the trout and it was by far the best fish I've had in a long time. The oysters, cheese plates, and meat plate are amazing. The drinks were made with perfection. From what my local friends said, this place is in an area where there's not much foot traffic which can be tough for business. It's located in a beautiful old fire station. I would envision this place would be perfect for wedding rehearsal dinners, and events on the lit up patio. Highly recommended coming from San Francisco where I've been spoiled by good food from day one. Get the word out and go have an amazing dining experience at Dijon!I have been to Dijon's for brunch and dinner and I love it! First of all the space is awesome!  i can't think of  a better place that is so easy to park and yet so close to the heart of the downtown.  I keep thinking about how amazing this space would be for a private party.  The vibe is very romantic and elegant, but also very comfortable and welcoming, which I think is hard to accomplish.  But enough about the space, let's talk about the food.  
Dinner:  I happen to be a seafood fan, so I started off with the oyster salad, which was probably the best fried oyster dish I have ever had.  (p.s. I am a native New Orleans girl, so don't take that statement lightly)  It has a light sauce on the place with lightly fried oysters, crispy kale and Parmigiano cheese on the top.  The crispiness and saltiness of the kale adds so much to the flavor of the oyster.  For the main course, i had the snapper.  The dish had citrus flavor and lots of buttery goodness.  My friend had the duck, she (and I) loved the combination of the orange sauce, the duck and the sweet potato puree, so many flavors.  For dessert, we split the sweet potato calla.  For those of you who have never tried calla, it is to die for...  A sweet potato Puree is deep fried with no batter and then rolled in cinnamon and sugar.  It is served warm and topped off with ice cream and I am pretty sure I have never had a better bite...
Brunch:  Bottomless mimosas, 'nough said.I live down the street and have had a few meals here.   Until now I liked the place for the fact it's close and the old firehouse is really beautiful but the food has been meh.  Tonight I had a dish that's at least as good as anything I've had in NOLA and doesn't make me pine (as much) for new york.  Skirt steak was really quite exceptional.  Outdoor area, allows dogs.  The space is really nice and again this dish was really very very good.  Apparently they got a new chef 3.5 months ago (this is the first time I've been here in that time) and I'm hoping all his stuff is like this.A lot of the previous reviews seem to say similiar things to what we experienced. The location is great and has lots of potential for the business. The building and ambiance is also really cool. We tried hard to have a great experience because we do see a lot of potential, but you can't ignore obvious facts. At least we walked away laughing about it being an unfortunate experience instead of being one of those angry ranters and sincerely hope the best for this place. 
To begin... The two of us arrived around 11:40 for lunch on a Friday. There was not a soul around. It took almost 5 minutes for anyone who worked there to even appear. But when two of the employees appeared they were very nice and professional. 
As former employees in the food and beverage business, normally we don't appreciate a server reading the specials directly from their book, buuuuut, we forgave it this time because we were still very hopeful. One of us asked about a side salad as opposed to ordering one of the main menu salads and our waitress was very nice and accommodating about the request, so at that time we ordered the side salad, the ravioli appetizer, and the duck confit. Considering we were the only two people in the restaurant it did seem to take a while for our food to come out to us. 
The side salad and the duck confit came out but the ravioli that was requested along with the side salad did not. We gave them the benefit of the doubt that it was on its way. Between the salad and the duck confit we had no complaints about the food. I mean, you could get more bang for your buck but we aren't trying to split hairs. 
During our meal the owner came over to check on us which was really nice and considerate. We didn't say anything about the ravioli because we still weren't thinking it was forgotten about. He mentioned that we had a yelp coupon deal (which we did) and then proceeded to go on about his mixed feelings for yelp. We definitely understood his points, but it probably isn't the best idea to discuss your bad reviews, fyi.... especially since we hadn't really even read the reviews yet. We did when we got back though...
Anyway, our waitress never even came back to check on us during our meal and it took her a while to finally come back and pick up our plates. At that time we kindly asked if she had forgotten about the ravioli to which her response was, "ummm we didn't discuss that." We definitely were not rude about it just curious, as I said, it happens sometimes, we understand. But, I think it was at that moment with that response that everything else started adding up. We both explained that we had asked and she apologized and offered to put it in. However, being on a work lunch and already pushing being there an hour, we politely declined and gave her our yelp coupon to apply towards our ticket. 
Then we were sitting there for a quite awhile and getting antsy about needing to head back to work so we got up and walked back inside to find her and ask about our ticket and whatever else we owed. She looked confused and said she thought that the owner had taken care of it and assumed we were already gone. That was really the final straw of ridiculousness. Given our remaining total was only $1.80, we still wouldn't stiff that. And did she assume we weren't going to leave a tip? We did of course because, eh, $h1t happens. 
Again, we walked out laughing by what seemed to be a string of ridiculousness. We really do hope that these kinks are worked out because it could have potential.First the good: The food was delicious. I had the Hanger Steak and it was cooked perfectly. The taste was great! I also had a sweet potato soup that was like a puree and it was very tasty as well. The ambiance and space is really nice and beautiful. The prices are in line with fine dining restaurants.
Now the not so good: We were a party of about 7 or so without reservations and I know how this can throw a wrench at a restaurant sometimes. It took a while for our waitress to first greet our table and when she did the first thing she said was "Welcome, this is a surprise!" which I took as mildly unprofessional.
After that our waitress was hard to get a hold of. I had an iced tea which was never refilled not even once, but the worst part was the wait.
I understand fine dining is about the experience of waiting for your food and sipping wine as you roll through the courses, but it took us AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES TO RECEIVE OUR FOOD! What made matters worse was that there were several tables who arrived after us who received their food before us. The room wasn't packed by any standards (unless they consider 6 occupied tables as packed on a weekday)
The painfully long wait + poor service means I unfortunately will not be back to this establishment.I decided to sample the lunch at this very new restaurant so this review is just for my initial visit and usually I like to eat at a place more than once before I review it but I was really impressed with some aspects of this place and thought it deserved some early comments.  When I arrived the owner was at the front of the restaurant as I walked in, as he was acting as host, and he was a very friendly person and seemed very passionate about his restaurant.   I had arrived for an early lunch around 11ish and I was the first person to arrive for their lunch service that day.  As I walked in I found the ambiance and location of this establishment to be a total five stars as it really is a beautiful building that has been renovated nicely and they also have a very nice courtyard.  I was dining solo so I requested seating at the bar and found that the bar is also very nicely done and it is a comfortable space.  I haven't been this impressed by a new restaurant's interior in NOLA barely... EVER so they have certainly created a wonderful space.
I received my menu and I found it a bit limited in choices but as a new establishment that is acceptable if everything is done well.  The thing that threw me off a bit was that there wasn't very much seafood on the lunch menu and the dishes seemed more like something for Fall than Spring.  After a short dicernement of my choices I decided to order the duck gumbo and rabbit stew.  The duck gumbo is a very rich and hearty dish with a very pronounced roux that shows no evidence of vegetables which seems more akin to the Cajun style gumbos in  Acadiana than the Creole gumbo style more often found in New Orleans.  The duck presents in large delicious slices and is extremely tasty so that this gumbo can nearly be a meal unto itself.  The rabbit stew the owner told me is based on an "old family recipe" and it is also a very heavy dish with the sauce being extremely flavorful (it also reminded me much more of a dish from the Cajun lands than typical Creole New Orleans flavors).  I found the sauce for the rabbit so tasty I was a bit sad that I didn't have any bread to sop up more of the flavor (they give you a flatbread here that doesn't work well for such attempts).  Although I was very full from my meal I decided to go all out and closed out my meal with their decadent chocolate dessert.  I ended up paying about $7 more for my meal here than I would for lunch at Commander's Palace (with the notable minus of the 25 cent martini bonus of Commander's of course so they might want to consider some type of drink special like that at Dijon).  
Overall I enjoyed my meal but once again it seemed more like something I would prefer to eat on a cold Fall or Winter's night than a Spring lunch.  I certainly would like to see more seafood and daily specials on the menu.  The food was overall good with probably about a 3 to a 3.5 star rating for me when factored in with the cost while the ambiance was just fantastic except for the lack of people.  They are still a very new place and currently working on a new menu and I believe if they keep working on polishing what they are doing with their food they can certianly get this place up to a four or five star rating.  I really want to give them four stars but I just don't think the lunch is quite there yet.  Their lunch is currently priced at Commander's Palace levels but they aren't yet up to par with what you get for around the same price as Commander's but their new menu might be a totally new story.  Their dinner menu looks to have a lot more choices and I will certainly return to sample their new menu for dinner and I want to return soon just for drinks at their bar and patio.  On my next visit, when I plan to return with a group, I fully expect this place to be at a four star level at the least!This is a beautiful restaurant, warm and inviting. A great location. The new chef had been there a couple of weeks. Menu offered a variety of selections. Service staff was very attentive.
Cocktail menu was creative and interesting. I ordered the Caipirinha and was thrilled.
For dinner I had the sautéed baby Drum with a lovely Rhone blend of five grapes, wine by the glass. Meal and wine were outstanding.Very nice atmosphere.  Had the braised short ribs.  Absolutely wonderful.  This is the best dinner I've had all week, while here in in Nola.I really wanted to like this place after hearing great reviews but it did not live up to the hype.  The ambiance and service were good but for me it's all about the food. The flank steak was good but not great.  What was more disappointing is that the manager/owner came by to ask for feedback but didn't accept what we had to say. He provided counterpoints and explanations trying to prove us wrong.  I'm not sure why he's asking for critiques in the first place. If you can't take the heat....Oh Dijon, I have been sitting on this review for over a week trying to decide in which direction to take it.  I'll start at the beginning.
We came here early on a Saturday night and we were seated immediately.  Maybe because we had reservations, but really because there was no one else there.  Not a soul, besides the people working there.
The first thing that came out was the amuse bouche.  It was good.  Some sort of crab thing.  My only complaint was that the crab tasted, well, fishy.  Same goes for our appetizer, which was crab meat inside some kind of weird dough shell thing.  It tasted overly fishy.  Like, I wondered whether or not it was fresh or if it had been sitting out all day.
For my entree, I got the rabbit stew.  It was ok, but it was really "meat dense" (I would have loved it over rice, instead of a few strands of fettucine) and the rabbit didn't have a ton of flavor.  Honestly, I've had better at Cochon.  Way better.  My friend had steak which also kind of sucked.  Sorry, just being honest here (it's how we learn).
Kurt, the owner, came over to inquire how our meal was (I guess when you are the only customers in the place on a Saturday, the owner gets friendly).  We were honest with him about our meal and he was understanding, although I was a little put off when he asked me "have you even ever had rabbit before?", as if it was MY issue that the food didn't blow me away.  Sorry, I know what I like.  
Honestly, the best part of the whole experience here was our server Nicole, who was really friendly and seemed happy to be there, even though we were the only people in the entire place.
I'm willing to go back (for lunch) and give the place another try, but they need to make some menu changes.  I would definitely suggest more seafood options.  It is New Orleans, after all.One of the tip meals I've ever had in new Orleans. Classic combinations executed to perfectionFantastic!  The ambiance of the old fire station is beautifully designed, the service is impeccable, but the food is what sold me!  Everything we ate was SO GOOD!  We will definitely be back!Great service!  
Went for Brunch this past Sunday.  Had the 007 Martini, Yum!  Andoulle Hash was ok.  The Sweetbreads and Foie Gras (Ris Du Veau)  Fantastic!!  
going next sunday and will try to make it for Dinner while I'm here.We live in the immediate neighborhood and have visited "Dijon" several times, twice for full evening meals and several times for late afternoon cocktails & hors d' ouvres.
We were uniformly disappointed by the food quality, prices, and the new ownership.
There are several much better choices nearby; try them instead.
Sorry, really sorry !
RickWhile things were apparently going well for a while, the chef at Dijon left a few days ago and the restaurant is unfortunately in chaos.  
I ordered the Gulf shrimp, which were overcooked and flavorless.  I could do better at home.  My husband ordered the rabbit, which did not resemble any other rabbit dish in the world.  Other people we were with liked their dishes; others hated them.  One found a hair in his food.  One had to send his steak back because it was cold - not lukewarm - refrigerator cold.  They ran out of 5 or 6 things while we were there, which was for four hours because they were not adequately staffed for our large party even though they had accepted our reservation and knew we were coming.
When you are charging $20-$30 an entree, this is just not acceptable.  There are so many great restaurants in New Orleans.  Go elsewhere.This place is fabulous, wonderful and all things amazing. We`re part of a fine dining club and therefore have maneuvered our way through the NOLA dining scene and this place has surpassed all of our expectations. We stopped in for brunch one Sunday and liked it so much we returned the following week for dinner, and are returning yet again this coming week with our little dining club. I can`t wait to introduce our group to this gem! 
Beautiful, bright and airy inside. Charming and lovely courtyard outside. The staff is friendly. Kurt, the owner seems very interested in his restaurant and the food and cocktails I`d recommend to anyone. Love, love, love it!!!So bringing our dining club in wasn`t the huge success we wished for. Several people cancelled (too close to jazz fest), and the chicken wasn`t available. 3 from our group don`t like seafood, including me,so that always makes things more difficult. Cocktails were wonderful, and the seafood lovers seemed happy. I still love you, Dijon. We`ll be back !Amazing service from everyone and excellent food. The Hanger steak was delicious as was the grouper fish. This place is a gem and we can't wait to go back.I've eaten here a few times and every visit has been a pleasure. The food is high quality and wildly delicious.We live around the corner from Dijon and have visited a few times since it opened a year ago. The menu has completely changed since we were last there in October and they also have a new chef. The meal and service was great! The owner greated us when we sat down and suggested we attend the free wine tasting at the bar before we get started on our meal. I was impressed that he came to speak with let us keep our table as we drank tasty wine on the house.
We shared the fried oyster and kale salad and it was one of the best new flavor combinations I have had for a while! My mom had the Cochon de Lait which was our favorite of the entrees. For desert, the sweet potato balls with ginger ice cream and candied sage was fantastic! I was impressed that there were delicious dishes or flavor combos that I had never tried before, which is hard to come by in NOLA. We will be going back in the future!Delicious food!  From the boudin balls to their salads and desserts. Love the historic building look. Perfect fit for NOLA. And the Sangria is truly one of the best.I enjoy a free and diverse dining market, as any capitalist New Orleanean should.  So I like to show support to young chefs and restauranteurs striking out on their own.  But there is no culinary creative distruction coming from the kitchen at Dijon - nothing innovative, only mundane, overpriced and unsatisfying.  You may locally source and farm-to-table a block of wood for all I care, and if you make it taste good I'll eat it.  But organic, greenist neologisms alone will not make a restaurant stand out in New Orleans. That is done with the food.  I eat out to enjoy food prepared by professionals that delights and surprises in a way that an amateur typically cannot match in his home kitchen.  Dijon was a thorough disappointment in that respect. 
I had a lunch reservation on a Friday and arrived to an empty restaurant.    The pork ravioli appetizer tasted like poorly-cooked, tough and dry brisket.  The fried oysters were barely warm when the julienned apple-cucumber salad was served.  Though we were the only two people in the restauant, the food came at a glacial pace.  We could not get our lunch in within an hour.  [...edited...4/9/2012] The entrees were no better.  The softshell crab looked like the inelegant result of an amateur cook's home kitchen attempt at pan-frying with a wet batter, with bits of burnt batter adorning the plated dish.  The flank steak was simple and properly cooked to a medium rare, but again that is evidence of mere competency in the kitchen, not a justification for the kind of prices Dijon charges for such food.  
The space was beautiful, and the location would be ideal for a pioneering chef doing some mad-scientist innovation in an off-the-path spot outside the FQ and Warehouse District.  From my experience, the food at Dijon does not live up.  We are spoiled for choice in New Orleans fine dining, and I cannot imagine I would ever again part with my money at Dijon when its price-point peers offer such markedly better food.A group of friends and I were determined to have a 'fancy' meal while we were in New Orleans.  We choose Dijon on a whim because it just looked great one night when we were walking by.  It is a recovered Fire Station with an awesome look both inside and out.  This, however, would not be enough to make me sign up for Yelp and write my first review.  The food!  Wow!  We had a party of 8-10, so we ordered a bunch of appetizers to share.  We got the charcuterie, the cheese, the oysters and the tuna (it has been two weeks and I remember everything).  They brought out some wonderful bread.  I was at first disappointed because they were out of gingerale for my rye and ginger - but he bartender offered to 'whip something up' - we all ordered one after tasting the first - they should make it a special drink on their menu.  
Next, the dinner - I had the shrimp - the shrimp was great - but the rest of the plate was magical - I've been having dreams about the pork and corn.  Everything was so good that we all had to share - I tried the duck confit, the sea bass, the rabbit, and the hanger steak (or more importantly, the bone marrow - which tasted how distilled angels must taste!).  
We finished with dessert - very good.
I've never eaten a meal so slow - definitely one of the top 5 meals of my life.  I plan on taking a trip back just to eat there again.Some of the best food in the city! I honestly cant find any faults with any of the dishes I've tried, and I've tried almost everything. The menu is not pretentious or too complicated, and very affordable for the quality. What makes it excellent is the attention to detail. Everything is seasoned, cooked, and plated just right. The ingredients are high quality and they allow them to shine without hiding behind salt and rich sauces. The cooks know what they are doing. The crab salad is refreshing, sweet and earthy. The beets and citrus compliment the crab perfectly. The trout special with pureed celery root is absolutely decadent. The fried oyster salad with fried kale is awesomely salty and texturally intriguing. The roasted oysters are classic.
The only thing that isn't that great is the free bread, but I wont hold that against them. The building used to be a firehouse, which would be strange but somehow they make it work. Very comfortable atmosphere. From what I know the chef just took over not too long ago, but the word isn't out yet. They are painfully slow during the week. To me, this makes it even more impressive that they can keep up the quality. I've worked in plenty of restaurants where that wasn't the case. If you like Le petite grocery, coquette, or Cochon, you should give this place a try.