Holy crap, that was probably the best burger I've had in my life.
My friends and I ended up here after trying to go to a nice semi-fancy restaurant for dinner that ended up having an hour+ wait. Best. Ruined plans. Ever. Got what I'm certain was a more satisfying meal at a third of the price.
I had the borche burger with the egg and it was heavennnnn. I have no idea what my friends ordered because I didn't stop stuffing my face long enough to look, but they all loved their meals too.Great burgers and fries, awesome drink specials, fun outdoor space. The bun alone is worth a visit.NOT family friendly. Was told we couldn't eat there because I had my 13 year old daughter with me. Something about a gaming license. Should probably be advertised somewhere.The food here is amazing!!  Everything I've ordered has be fantastic, delicious and unique.  After my first visit I took several friends and coworkers back and they have all been back for more.Up there in the top tier of hamburger heaven. Well thought out balanced flavors on a great sour dough bun that just wraps it all together. Friendly, fast and tasty. 
Two things kept me from five stars. Places that are cash only and force you to use their rip off ATM that charge 3.50 plus my bank another 2.50 to get 20 bucks suck. Now my hamburger cost 17 bucks. 
Please, let me have my burger medium rare. This isn't McDonald's. Cooking my burger medium well...and only offering that one choice for all orders is a bad way to go. My burger would have tasted even better if you don't cook half the life out of it. It makes no sense to offer so many great flavor profiles and then only offer the prime ingredient cooked medium well. 
It think your place has huge potential...lose the cash only 1963 thing, and give people a choice about how they want their burger cooked. 
I want you to do well, and have success.Breakfast = 5 stars
We had breakfast here the other day and loved it! The hash dishes were delicious! Colin, their breakfast guy, is extremely nice, very helpful, and knows how to do breakfast right! Colin was also offering jam filled corn muffins the morning we went - innovative and tasty! Coffee was solid as well!
We have also been here for burgers = 4 stars. This is only because there are so many stellar burger joints in NOLA - this burger isn't on that level. In any other city the D&D burger would be a 5 star. If you don't like BBQ, make sure to let them know because it comes on all of their burgers.We had a groupon for burgers and beer. The burgers were delicious! The beer selection was OK. The Dis & Dem burger was a bit spicy (enough to my liking), the bun was toasted just right, and all the vegetables were fresh and crunchy. This is burgers done right! A larger beer selection is the only thing that's missing,.Wow, this places was great! I had the Dis & Dem burger and added bacon to it. It was so flavorful that my tastebuds were in overload. If you're near Bourbon Street, please swing by this place!Can't wait for the mid-city location to reopen. How do they make the burger so crispy on the outside yet so moist?Amazing burgers! And even better staff! Allowed us to reserve a table for a bachelorette party of 10 (we were the first to ask for a reservation) and even brought us some amazing homemade strawberry wine to try! We ordered carry out from here the next evening. So good!Unexpectedly yummy breakfast stop from this burger joint. If you're unsure and just want to try it out, pick up a Groupon and you won't be disappointed. They have really good pancakes. We sat at the bar, but there was plenty seating for breakfast and parking outside.Now the best burger in the French Quarter!   Nice people serving and a very large menu!   Located inside of bar  St. Louis.  No signage due to French Quarter rules.  Great burgers not to be missed!   They will deliver in quarter!Another funky, fun location to add to the quickly expanding Dat Dog empire. We came in at brunch time today just starving for a good burger. 
We sure did get them!! All of their burgers come "glazed" in their specials sauce, which is kind of a sweet yet mustardy barbecue sauce. This works really well with the otherwise standard ground beef patty. The buns are reminiscent of the sweet and amazing hotdog buns of Dat Dog lore but with an onion twist. The burger was delicious, though a little bit sweet for my tastebuds. I wish they gave you 2 pickles to really help cut that. 
Had great conversation with the chef who cooks right there behind the bar. Fast, friendly service (probably 5-6 minutes from payment to food delivery) and for the price we left OVERLY stuffed! We will be back!!!Friendly staff, great out door seating as well as inside. And the burgers are phenomenal! Don't even need to use ketchup or mustard they are that good!.I went when this place first opened. I gave it a 1 star then but decided to come back after seeing that they revamped the menu. I suppose they did that because despite having 4 stars on yelp people just weren't flocking to this place? 
They still serving up frozen hamburgers and charging $9.50 for them. The sauce probably goes a long way to covering that up, but I want my hamburger to showcase the meat, not the sauce. Personally I find the sauce too cloyingly sweet. 
I went on a Wednesday and had the chicken fried steak sandwich. I thought this was actually good. I am still giving them a one star because their menu is centered around frozen food, and at $9.50 I just think that's insulting.The place is cute, the bartender was friendly, the food was terrible. The person cooking was making one burger at a time, resulting in a very long wait even though it was largely empty. They don't let you pick your desired doneness. My burger was more akin to a hockey puck than beef.Average at best... Burgers are cooked from medium to well... They will not cook a burger with any pink inside.  Refused to cook a burger rare or even medium rare.  Disappointing.  I had the Dis and Dem burger and could barely taste the meat.  Fries were average.  Service was about average.  Disappointing because I was referred here by a friend and it is in a cruddy neighborhood and the food was borderline average.  Not recommended by me.  On a good note, the NOLA beer was good.This place is hidden, and you might think "sketchy" when you arrive to the area, but DO NOT let that detour you! The food is A+++ Large portion and EXTREMELY TASTY!! One of our top favorite burger joints, and we have tried several between all of our travels! It is a nice locally owned place with outstanding service! Btw they make their pickles and let me just say... YUM, and I am a pickle lover! We won't forget this place!I really liked Dis and Dat. I got the chili cheese burger and it was great! I love the brioche that Dat Dog uses, so when I read that that's what Dis and Dat uses for the buns, I was excited. And after having tried it, I think it works really well on the burgers too.
Portions are generous. I wasn't able to finish my burger. I need my sister, so we can split a burger and get something else to share.
We sat outside in the back and it was really nice, except for the mosquitoes who were having a party on my legs.
I will definitely be back when I am craving a burger!Phenomenal burger.  Great flavor in small friendly place.  Had a burger with pineapple, fixings were perfect and fries are top notch.  You won't be disappointed!Delicious brunch and very friendly service in a really cool outdoor patio. The corned beef hash was really good.A decent cheeseburger following a ridiculously long wait (45 minutes) does not make for a good lunch break. The place is small and cramped (do not come here with more than one other person) with limited parking and today it was freezing cold. Needless to say, not much of an impression made on me. I tried the burger with the sausage on top and like I said, it was decent, but after waiting as long as we did and being late back to work, it's not worth risking it again.Every burger and sandwich there is amazing. The fish sandwich is perhaps the best I've ever had. The Dis and Dem burger is not only huge, but has a very unique and delicious flavor from the combination of burger and sausage patties. All of the specialty burgers I've had so far have been amazing. I'm a pedicabber and stop by this place almost every day for lunch. Best part. Amazingly priced for the quality of the food and location in the French QuarterFood is 5 stars for hot dogs, 4 stars for burgers. Burgers were a little well done for my taste, but having all of the toppings choice was awesome. What knocked down the review was the service. The employes working there were working very hard, but the system for ordering and paying is antiquated.  Maybe it was just busy for Halloween lunch?  There was no POS system, and 1 credit card machine. Waited 30 minutes for food.I am absolutely embarrassed to say that I hosted a UYE here. Yes, I invited friends--mostly other Yelp Elites--to join me at a restaurant that can't figure itself out. I should have listened to the wisdom of Charles H and Christopher W, but I just couldn't resist. It seemed like such a solid idea: half-price wine and beer with sliders and fries for happy hour.
What played out was so different. Between my visit to the restaurant to check out their happy hour specials and the actual event (about a week elapsed), the menu was gutted. No more hot dogs. And not only was the menu gutted, but the remaining offerings were written in chicken scratch on badly mimeographed papers that were being passed around UPON REQUEST. One should never have to request a freaking menu. 
Anyway, gutted menu. Then the bar is out of most of their beer. Rather than a simple apology and solutions, the owner who was behind the bar felt like unloading the whole damn sob story about warehouse being out of beer and screwing him on his distro blah blah blah. I am a customer trying to order food. I really do not need your business woes right now, pal. When the beers finally happened, they were fine. 
Food was ordered, but it was not tracked very well in their POS (point of sale) software. Like when I went to pay my tab and cash out, the tab for the entire group was under my name...even the food that other people paid for. That means food was entered twice or something. I don't even know. We did get it sorted out, and the poor dude who had to sort it out ended up sliding two things off my bill as a nod to the fact that I'd brought in 6 of my friends on a Wednesday. (And also because we didn't get several orders of fries that we ordered. I was not about to pay for food I didn't receive.) 
One of our party ordered sliders...which, uh. They were burger patties sliced in half and stuffed in a hot dog bun. That isn't sliders. It's something else, but it's not sliders. Sliders are mini-burgers. Half patties in hot dog buns is...well, it's something that frat boys would improvise. Why the hell is it on your menu? 
Then there were the burgers. Company Burger has spoiled me on the classy gourmet burger experience in NOLA. Haters to the left, please. Even without the lettuce and tomato, the guys at Company Burger know how to make a fabulous patty and pair it with a good bun and house-made mayo. But the folks at Dis & Dem are slopping pre-made BBQ sauce on their burgers and calling it "glaze." Y'all, this is frat house cooking. This is not a $10 burger. I have had better burgers from the Trolley Stop, and I'm pretty sure that all of the kitchen staff is drunk most of the time at Trolley Stop. When you are out-cooked by shitty greasy spoon, there is a problem. The buns suck and are a poor match for whatever they are calling these burgers now. Toast! Your! Buns! Match the size of the patty to the size of the bun! Basic things! Do them! 
Having checked the website prior to writing this review, I noticed that the menu has changed again. Maybe the new menu will make sense for this place. Maybe they are finally figuring out how to get out of the frat house kitchen. But I'm not rushing back, nor am I taking friends with me. 
There was one other problem. The owners of this joint are a little...zealous. One of the owners or managers was posting on the Talk threads around Mardi Gras, pushing folks to visit without revealing her relationship to the restaurant. That's bad juju. She was called out on her behavior several times, and it finally stopped. But still. Someone didn't read the TOS when they signed up for Yelp. And then there was the glut of management when I had my UYE. There were more owners/managers/bosses than employees or customers the night of my event. When management (and their wives) are there "just to hang out" and breathe down the neck of the staff, I get nervous. I get very nervous for those poor staffers, especially. The bartender looked like he wanted to crawl into the cooler to escape from the loitering bosses and wives. I don't blame him! I wanted to hide in the bathroom! 
My lingering question, of course is this: if the managers were so interested in attracting Yelpers to their business, how come they didn't notice my event? It was posted in the Talk threads and linked as an event. It could have been a chance to shine for the crowd they're trying to draw in. Instead, they managed to turn us off. 
This was just embarrassing. 
Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Ramp enters on the side of the building. High bar. Single-stall restrooms.One of the most fabulous and friendly spots I've been to in awhile. Loved the ambiance and the staff, and the food is exciting and unique.What a fun place with fantastic food! You have to get a burger, no questions asked. Reasonably priced for a ton of food. It's a must stop!That Borche burger had me falling more and more in love with each bite. Every component of it blended just perfectly together. I got mine with bacon and a fried egg on top per the dude that took my order's suggestion, I'm glad I listened.
The staff all seem like a bunch of cool kids, like fun to be around. There's only one television inside the bar area but it's viewable to more of the tables than not. I like that i can still get my favorite dogs from Dat Dog with the same toppings, but the adding of burgers to the line up was a power move on their part.
I think it's safe to say Dis and Dat has snagged my attention for when I'm in the mood for a burger in Mid City. Not to say I can't get a quality one elsewhere in the neighborhood, but there's just a little something extra about what's happening here with these.Small Joint behind a bar and must say, Yummy
Being from San Francisco, I know a good burger and this was one.
They offer some unique style burgers and unique menu items . Try themOur experience was after a heavy, heavy night of drinking at a company xmas party and a hefty swelling hangover.....and DAMN.  Dis & Dem had us satisfied, to say the least.  We both had the fish sammy, which was perfectly crispy, with housemade tarter and HOUSEMADE PICKLES.  Our server was polite and checked up on us the perfect amount.  The owner was chilling outside and very friendly, as well.  He made sure we had a good experience as we left and asked how we had heard about them (from Yelp, of course).  Anyways...I had about a quarter of the fish sammy left to take home and asked for MOAR PICKLES, jokingly (they seriously are worthy of packaging up and selling in jars) and they were kind enough to throw some in a basket and put with my leftovers!!!!!!  We will definitely be back the next time we leave our northshore cave in Abita!!!The place itself is a great place with great food. However the service sucks ! when they first opened I was more understanding of them being a new place with new staff etc. .Needless to say Ive been back since and it has not changed, took them over an hour to finally bring my order out. Place is disorganized, staff fights right in front of costumers, very all over the place. Will not be coming back after countless visits.What a find! My husband and I come to New Orleans frequently, and on our recent trip there last week several friends (with children in tow) insisted that we meet at Dis & Dem for dinner. Our party of 7 adult and two kids were seated in the spacious back patio area, and although it was a warm evening the outdoor fans kept everything comfortable. 
Now for the food: it was outstanding! I order the veggie burger and my husband the Dis & Dem burger. My burger was so juicy and meaty that I was convinced that they had made a mistake and given my a real burger. My husband raved about his. The service was friendly and attentive. The kids were able to run around while the adults drank and talked.
We will definitely be back.They just opened a FQ location and we ordered to the bar after getting their flyer. I got their Veggie Burger and can honestly say it was one of the best I've ever had! I don't know how they make them but please don't change a thing! Also the bun it sat between was Dee~licious. Came with seasoned fries (think Rally's fries) and for $7 plus tax and TIP it was a deal!This is a shotgun single converted into a long bar with some outdoor seating located right next to the LSU/VA medical complex that swallowed up the old neighborhoods.  Most of the food is centered around burgers here but they also have a fish sandwich, sliders, vegetarian burger and offer breakfast.  They also feature a nice happy hour from 4-7 with half off wine and beer.  The burgers and fries here are decent and the service is typically fast and even better if you sit at the bar instead of a table.  It certainly isn't the best burger in town, especially for the price, but the happy hour is a good deal and it's a place you can watch football in Mid-City and still get a bar stool most of the time during games.I love walking into a new place with no expectations and leaving satisfied. This place has only been open a little over two months, but I feel like their popularity will quickly grow. Why? Because everything about it is awesome. I ordered the chili cheese burger and my friend ordered the crawfish sausage dog. The crawfish dog was decent, not mind blowing, but definitely good. She ordered hers plain. My suggestion would be to get some type of toppings. Now let's get to the good stuff, my burger. Ooooooweeeeeeeee!! I didn't think I could finish it but I devoured that thing like no ones business. I don't know what's better, the bread or the burger. Both combined are heaven. Just so much deliciousness!! I will be back...What a great burger! Just off Bourbon St. You can't go wrong. Keep your eyes out, the sign can be hard to read.First time in NOLA, looking for a late night dinner. Delivery was free on Yelp and they delivered to the hotel. Burger was gigantic and very delicious. One of the biggest burgers I've had in a while.friendly staff and great food.. not super healthy but very tasty, funky space that oozes nola neighborhood cafe. service is a little slow but still a place id come back to.  my suggestion would be to try and improve the chili, cumin it up, make it something special, as opposed to its current state of taste like it came out of a hormel can.I maybe can understand the idea of selling an exotic homemade sausage for $10 a pop and get away with it but the new concept of Dat Dog's Dis and Dat is just plain bad. The burger version of the hot dog hut features pre processed frozen cookie cutter meat that is not cooked to order and yet kept moist by some kraft bbq sauce that they put on top and bottom and call a "glaze". I was shocked and disturbed because not often do reviews on yelp lead me wrong but the reviews here certainly did for my taste and my wallet. 
Dis and Dat is replacing a Bud's Broiler that used to be located in that area and for the price of one burger I could have had two from Buds with fries and a shake, a better bbq sauce and the same frozen pre processed burger. This here is a trap and never again will I fall for it.Ate at Dis & Dem last night. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was pretty vinegar-y and de-freaking-licious. It was so good I didn't even touch the cheese fries until after I finished the entire sandwich. That was a first.   My partner got a cheeseburger and he really liked it. Neither of us really talked while we ate it was that good. The service was great. Everyone was really nice and helpful. 
The location is on the quietest part of Banks and not "scary" at all. 
The cherry on top:  The women's restroom was immaculate. There wasn't scum all over the sink (!!) and the floors looked pretty clean.Great brunch! Cute spot in a burgeoning neighborhood. Hearty fare, friendly service, low, prices. And no line!DELICIOUS!!! All the money we spent on food elsewhere was wasted. This was the only place we went that was worth it. Never would have thought that simple burger and fries type food would have been my most enjoyable meal in New Orleans. Everything was delicious!One of the most delicious burgers I have ever had. The Borche Burger with bacon and cheese is out of this world!! And if you are lucky enough to come on a Friday, definitely get the Juicy Kiss special! You won't be disappointed. A charming, neighborhood eatery with a friendly and attentive wait staff. Will definitely be back again and again.Fabulous place, I had the dis & dem burger and it was delicious.  Staff very friendly that s why I gave it 5 stars.Thanks to Angie for showing us around the menu. Dis &Dem burger rocks! Hawaii 5-0 takes it to two more levels and the fries are awesome! Thanks Angie!Best eats of our trip.  If your a "foodie" or looking for something wonderfully delicious that doesn't break the bank this is the place.  It's hidden but trust me is there.The Dis and Dem burger was simply melt in your mouth amazing. Unfortunately there way only time for take out but I will be returning here next time I'm in the quarter. This is my new favorite burger spot by far.This is one of the best burgers I've ever had. I ordered a Lil Dixie and had my fries loaded and I'm confident I made the right choice. Although, I don't think you could order wrong here!Gigantic, delicious burgers. You can tell everything is homemade and the dudes working the grill are crazy friendly. Fast service and a nice selection of Louisiana beers. Very chill atmosphere for a lunch in the French quarter. Overall, exceeds expectations.
By the way, their restrooms are both clean and spacious.Great burger! Seasoned fries were delicious. Lots of choices. The mini burgers were perfect. Cute little place in the middle of the French quarter. Staff were amazing. Super sweet and accommodating. The owner was great! You can tell she loves her place! We will totally go back on our next trip.Despite having an awful name (really, it's terrible. The original name: "Dis & Dat" wasn't any better.) this restaurant offers some pretty amazing burgers. We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon, because I was craving a burger something fierce, and although I had heard raves about this spot, I had yet to try it.
Dis and Dem is a no frills type of place. There's a large bar area with some tables and chairs off to the side and you place your order at the bar. My friend and I both decided to get a cheeseburger and we split some seasoned fries. This burger was HUGE! Seriously, I had to cut it in half and take half of it home because I was super stuffed and I couldn't finish it. The fries were really tasty- I think they were dusted with a Creole seasoning type of thing and I liked them a lot.
Reading some older reviews for this place, it seems like they have made some real improvements in the "quality" department. I would encourage anyone who went when they first opened to give them another shot. They just do burgers now (I think they did hot dogs when they first opened, as well) and I really think they nail it. For me, this burger was as good as Company Burger and that's my "top tier" burger pick.
They also do breakfast, but I'm not sure if that's everyday or just on Sundays. I would love to return to Dis and Dem. Now I'm hungry.Great spot the best burgers and even better buns excellent fries. Lovely day to sit outside and soak in the RaysGreat breakfast and brunch! So hard to find a good breakfast spot. Killer burgers. Friendly and attentive service with a nice neighborhood feel. Looking forward to becoming a regular.Based on the good reviews decided to try Dis & Dem out and I'm soooooo glad I did. It is right off Bourbon Street on St. Louis. It's in the back of a bar but there are signs. It wasn't crowded which was a very nice thing after Bourbon street. Food is sandwiches and fries. And man do they do it right. Made fresh when you order. I got the Lil Skipper which is a mini version of the Borche burger. The glaze they put on the burgers is amazing. Kinda like a BBQ sauce. It was around $13 with a drink which is a great deal. Do yourself a favor and find this little gem!!!A friend of mine suggested it. I wasn't expecting much... I'm not a fan of Dat Dog. However, I  was blown away by my experience! The onion bun was exceptional; it was not your average burger by any means. Also admire the cool atmosphere of the place... very laid back!Great customer service! Great burgers! Angie was great & it is right off of bourbon street!Delicious burgers and fries. It's easy to miss. It's in the back of Rue St. Louis. It's cash only, but they have an ATM.  We had the Hawaii 5-0, borche, and dis and dem burgers. All very good.Real tasty burger. Good seasoning on the meat, toppings are fresh, and the onion bun is a nice touch. Delivery is fast. I'd give it 5 stars, however, they do not take temps on burgers. Ie medium,medium rare. They'll only serve it medium to medium well, which is fine by me. However mine was decidedly well done. I like a chef with conviction and stands by his decisions, but if ya tell me it has to be cooked medium, I expect it to be spot on, especially if this is only item being served. Other than that, top notch. Homemade pickles are a pleasant surprise.Omg so good. Best burger I've had in a while. Super friendly staff and quick service.Food was great,  served hot and fresh in a unique environment.   Enter through the Rue St.  Louis barThe menu here is very basic, bu if you're going to serve a limited number of items, you have to get it right, and Dis & Dem certainly knows how to serve up a great burger.
The buns they are served on are the same as what you find at Dat Dog.  They are soft and pillowy and go great with their perfectly cooked burgers.  There are no fancy toppings here; adding guacamole or caramelized onions is as out-the-box as it gets.  If your burger is spot on, though, wacky toppings aren't really needed.  The fries are great too!
Not very many beers on taps, but the few that they have are good ones, two being NOLA Blonde and Abita Amber.  
The building itself looks like it was a shot-gun home in a former life.  The decor inside and out is funky and fun.  There is an deck outside in the back which makes for great dining outside if the weather permits.  The surrounding neighborhood is a little sketchy for my taste, so I don't think I'd venture over there by myself.  The location, though, is close to many of Mid-City's most popular bars, so this would be a great place to fill your belly either before or after a boozy evening.Best burger I have ever had in my life! Absolutely superb, and the customer service was the icing on the cake. I will come back to New Orleans just for another burger. It has a great atmosphere and awesome music. I loved it !!PHENOMENAL burger. I LOVE a good burger and am constantly on the hunt for the best one I can find in a city. For a reasonable price, these burgers and fries are out of this world. Funny staff and, if you're as lucky as I was, you might catch the owner, Skip and snag a few minutes of lovely conversation. Can't say enough about this place, big fan.Just found the best burger I've ever had and it's in New Orleans. A little tough to find, located in the back of a bar. But worth finding. Everything on the plate from the patties, to the bun., to the pickles, to the fries is delicious.During a recent "staycation" in the French Quarter, I took a walk over to Dis & Dem for a burger. The bar is extremely, perhaps too, well-lit, and they have one small flat screen in the bar area. 
I went to the back to order from the kitchen only to discover that they only take cash. Not having too much, I looked for an ATM and of course it was out of service.
Fortunately, I had just enough cash for a cheeseburger and fries. I noticed that the menu listed "seasoned fries," which I don't like, so I asked if they could be prepared without seasoning. I was told they are like Rally's fries and would have that a deep-fried texture no matter what, and so decided to get a beer or two instead.
After ordering, I went to the bar for that beer. The bartender was setting up; I asked if he accepted credit cards, and was told yes, so I ordered two Coronas, one to go. Naturally, when he tried to run my card, that his cc machine was also out of service, which made me nervous, since I only had enough cash for one beer. He offered to go upstairs to check on the system, and as he did, my burger came out, less than five minutes after I had ordered it, leading me to believe that it hadn't been cooked entirely to order.
Long story short, he fixed the cc machine within 10 minutes, so I got the beers and went back to my hotel. The burger itself was pretty good, though the bun was very sweet. The cheddar cheese was sharp, which I like. Were I staying around the corner again, I would consider returning, but it is definitely not a destination spot.Best burgers in NOLA! Cute place at the back of a bar. Very casual but taste is top notch!Awesome juicy burgers!!! The bread was great, the fries were excellent!!! Service is walk up to bar & place your order. They no longer have hot dogs on the menu.  Great placeOMG! The burgers and fries here!!!! Whatever you're doing just stop and come enjoy this quaint, hole in the wall haven of burgers. #CashOnlyAmazing burgers and awesome service, try the Hawaii 5-0 Burger... Delicious half pound burger with a fried egg, bacon, grilled pineapple and BBQ glaze.I was happily surprised to find this place just two blocks from my house! They serve coffee drinks and breakfast, and there is free wifi: as a self-employed musician, it is perfect for my morning laptop work. I roll in between 7-9am, usually in my pajamas, and they just pour me a cup coffee upon my entrance. Talk about service.
The breakfast is awesome. I get fresh fruit (freshly cut fresh fruit), good coffee (I usually drink it black, so quality is important to me), eggs and potatoes for like five bucks. Bless their a la carte menu: you can get a big filling pancake for a dollar! And the $2 hash browns come with onions and bell peppers: when I realized this, I felt like I'd won something. And oh gosh the food is *so good*. So good. It's typical to get over-greased crap when I order out, but here I know I'm getting something that won't kill me later in life.
They make reasonable alterations to my orders: I want my eggs scrambled, not over-easy: done. I want no cheese and my eggs on the side: done. In a city full of snarky servers who believe they are entitled to money for as little effort as possible, and who roll their eyes if they have to lift a finger, this place is a pleasurable relief. Other businesses could learn from this staff.
Speaking of the staff, I've never felt so welcome in a place of business. Even the owner jokes with me. And the music selection is usually so good that it will make me find more work to do so that I can stay longer. The colorful chalkboard menus and relaxed atmosphere make even the mornings when I awake on the wrong side of the bed pleasurable. I can walk in in a crappy mood, and walk out feeling ready to tackle my day.
The highlight of my experience thus far for me was one morning when I ordered breakfast to go: I needed a bag with handles so I could hang it from my bike handlebars as I traveled. Since they did not have a bag with handles, of the staff members folded the top of the paper bag securely, and pierced two holes through the folds. He then took zip-ties and created hearty, secure handles to put through the holes, and made me a custom carry-away bag. I was floored.
This is a business which takes pride in its service as well as its food, and cares about its customers. I love coming here in the morning for breakfast. (Oh, they've got bloodys, mimosas and irish coffees for you morning drinkers as well!)We dropped in after a nearby festival. notWe each had sliders, although these aren't what you typically think of when you think of sliders. More like a hot dog roll--only so-o-o much better. Came topped with a salad like mix along with strips of bacon. Delicious. Basket had a side of krispy fries and sweet pickles. All tasty. 
We also arrived during Happy Hour so our beers were half price. Limited (2) beers on tap but one was Cranebrook which is a fav of my wife. I had an Abita from their large selection of bottled brews. 
Staff were welcoming and friendly. Give it a try.Pretty good place to grab a quick inexpensive bite. It's mainly sort of bar food-burgers and fries. The fish sandwich was delish and made up fancy.  There's an awesome covered and cooled patio in the back...hello hh beer out back! Fast and friendly service too was a plus too.OMG!!! Best burger I've ever eaten!!!! Had the dis and dem and ohhhhh my it's heaven on bread!!!! Quaint little spot with exceptional food!!!!We love having another great restaurant in the neighborhood!  Friendly staff, delicious food and very nice ambiance - a great addition in Mid City.
We had the delicious chili cheese burger and the sea dog - yummo!  We also had a chance to sample a bit of the étouffée and it was delicious with a nice spicy kick!  Ask for the mango hot sauce - it is a standout.
We enjoyed our visit, hope to be back soon.I don't generally look for hamburgers when I'm in New Orleans, but this one is worth searching out. My hamburger-loving daughter proclaimed it, "The best burger I've ever had", and she's had a lot of them.This is probably the best burger I've ever had in my entire life. If you like burgers, you have to check this place out!Server took our orders and immediately asked for payment . Uh... What?! Do we look like runners or something ? When it took us off guard, he sat there and explained to us that it's what all people do so they don't have to wait for a check at the end of a meal. The lecture got so uncomfortable for both my SO and I that we complied and soon regretted it when our burgers took over 40 minutes to get to us, not even close to how we ordered them, and the fries ordered as an appetizer didn't arrive until well after the burgers. At that point, it was apparent why customers "preferred" to pay and tip in advance. 
The awkwardness of this lunch did not end with the first exchange. Unfortunately, the server/bartender hung out directly in front of where we were seated and loudly monopolized conversation. Instead of going on a lunch date with my long distance SO, it felt like I was on a date with the loud over zealous server and his corny jokes. By the time the food came, I couldn't wait to be out of there and shake off the uncomfortableness. I ate half and since we had already paid were able to leave as quickly as possible. Perhaps the server was right after all. 
The entire experience was a turn off and was so uncomfortable that I doubt I'll ever return.
Food: Burger buns were good. The "glaze" seems more like bbq sauce bought on the condiment aisle. Patti size wasn't in proportion to the bun size. Fries were good; however can be had at dat dog without the intrusion and over zealous nature of the server trying to sell his restaurant the entirety of the meal.This is a gem...a whole in the wall local place with genuine New Orleans flare & burgers unlike any I've had before. The food was top notch, the service was superb & the atmosphere was authentic. Highly recommend this place.Their burgers are pretty good for New Orleans. If you're looking for something other than seafood in the French Quarter, please consider this place. Their buns are nice and sweet (careful, if you hate mayo like me, they put mayo on all their buns, so ask for them to not do that), and the vegetables they use are fresh (I didn't like the pickles though because they weren't dill, but that's just me being particular). The patties themselves are just okay (i.e. what you should expect from any decent burger joint), but their seasoning and glaze make up for it. Their seasoned fries are good, I actually ended up putting some on my burger. The owners are also friendly. A guy came out and asked us how everything was and made sure that we were well accommodated. Overall, if you got sick of the seafood, try this place, I don't think you'll regret it.I was visiting from Florida and needed a place to eat before I had to head to the airport and found this place on groupon and went. It was so delicious and amazing. I would have paid full price for what I got. The food was out of this world, it was the perfect ending point to a great trip. If I go back to Louisiana I'm definitely coming here again. Loved the food and the spot. Me and my boyfriend couldn't stop raving on how good it was. We told people at the airport to go check it out.