Fantastic sliders!! Perfect size that you can try more than one!  Fried chicken slider, BLT slider, monte cristo and Cuban were all fantastic!  Now for Donuts to go!!Walked here from our condo and found this awesome place! Delicious sliders...donuts...unique drinks... Awesome atmosphere and the staff was sooooooo friendly! Will definitely be back!!!!!Great rich food,  but a lil bit pricey.  Everything tastes wonderful but nothing stays the same the menu is always changing.  The most unique donuts you will find.This is actually a 3 1/2 star review for me. Only because everything that I wanted they did not have or weren't willing to do. Firstly, I came here specifically for the chicken slider because from the picture it showed that you can get it on a biscuit and when I told the lady taking my order, she said they don't do that -__-. Then I wanted that buttermilk bites and they weren't available, however, my brother ordered the brown buttered cream sundae and got the buttermilk bites in that!! Oh yes, and the glazed donuts are so thick and dry. I liked the sliders I had though: fried chicken, beef belly and catfish(okay). And the sundae is pretty tasty. Good for a first try but not to continue coming.I was in town for a short visit and decided to do some neighborhood exploration. I was in the garden district and wanted some cheap(er) lunch options. I found this place, had sliders and fries. I think both were very good (especially their chicken sliders). But there is more: the doughnuts. They are so so good: doughy perfectly pillowy and fresh. the flavor combinations are neat, creative. one last thing too: service is great. really helpful and nice staff.LOVE THIS PLACE!! Visited on a flash trip to NOLA and loved the donuts. Cant wait to be backkkHoly Donuts Batman!! One of my favorite spots for a quick sandwich and some delicious fries. Of course, being famous for their amazing donuts I have to sample a different one each time I visit. They are excellent! Also, have a coffee drink with your donut. Treat yo self!!Yummy! I had the lemon ginger donut as dessert and had two sliders for my meal. I will say at lunch time on a Monday, getting those two sliders took over a half hour.  Only downside is these guys are waaaaay too busy.I love this place! This past summer, I would go here almost every other day to buy a different kind of donut for my family to try. The atmosphere is great, service is great, and the food is amazing. Not only are their donuts tasty as heck, but their sliders are to die for as well. If you are a donut fan or just a sweet-tooth, you got to try this place. NOTE: The food truck that you might see around town, IMO, does not have the same quality. Go to the location on Magazine St.Truly one of the places where your eyes are bigger than your stomach. And even so you wish your stomach could double its capacity. 
The donuts here are imaginative and original. I had to come here as soon as it opened to grab some coffee and sample their daily selection of donuts before my seminar started in the morning. 
New Orleans is known for the buttermilk drop and while I didn't get a chance to try the one at Wink's in the French Quarter, I imagine the ones at District are a good representation. It's a cakey donut hole with sweet icing draped over it. Generally, I'm more a yeast donut fan but those buttermilk drops were delightful. I could have eaten a half dozen, no sweat. But there were other items to try. 
District has "croquenuts" available which is their version of a griddled donut sandwich. I chose the "Monte Cristo" for it's sweet and savory combination. Gooey cheese and salty ham between a donut covered in powdered sugar with a hefty dollop of raspbery preserves nestled in the center of the donut. This was a magical creation. Get it if you have the chance.
Finally, to top of my donut extravaganza, I chose the Miso Olive Oil Praline Bacon donut. It's a mouthful to say but wasn't to consume. Such a fascination combination of flavors from this donut. I chose it mostly for the bacon but the miso, olive oil, and praline each hit their notes with every bite. Simply wonderful. 
Not to forget was the the Vietnamese Iced Coffee to wash it all down. It was the jolt I needed to wake me up for this early morning call for donuts. 
You bet I'll make another (or several) stops next time I'm in New Orleans.We were heading out for brunch in the Garden District and literally made the cabby pull over as soon as we saw this place.  Hey - sounds like a bunch of good things rolled into one.  It was early, so we didn't have the sliders, but the donuts and coffee were exceptional.  The donuts looked overdone and loaded up with unnecessary ingredients at first, but I was wrong.  They were actually well balanced with good flavors.  They take coffee seriously too.  I tried their "Cold Nitro Brew" which seemed more like a Guinness than an iced coffee.  It wasn't exactly my style (so switched it for a latte instead) but I applaud them for trying to innovate.These donuts were amazing, nothing negative I have to say about this place. I was a little sad that they didn't have my strawberry donut I was looking forward to very much. & I did get a bit of a hard time about wanting a chicken sandwich with a glazed donut, being told they couldn't do that, but hey I ended up with a chicken glazed donut sandwich which I really appreciated after being told they couldn't do. The staff was very kind and I loved walking in back to use the restroom & seeing the huge deep fryer full of their freshly made donuts!! Biting into one of their donuts was nice because they're so freaking delicate they almost melt when you eat them!!!! The texture was amazing and the chicken was even a good quality. I was very impressed & I will never look at Krispy Kreme the sameI never write reviews on yelp and this place was so good that I felt the need to login and write a review. The poached pear donut was ridiculous. This place is doing everything right.I assumed brews meant beer  once I got over that I appreciated the Donuts. I mean Donuts and beer would seriously be the greatest  pairing since PB&J. My friends assumed beer also. We came for beer and stayed for the Donuts which were amazing and giant but it wasn't memorable amazing it was "ohh these are giant donuts they made in front of me. Me and friends ordered different ones so we could sample each others. The establishment was cool but again I repeat there are no beers. Just nice people and Donuts.I don't think there is anything in this place that is particularly healthy, but I can't get enough of their pork belly slider - fantastic.  Donuts are really fine too.  A good lunch spot.First things first:   The donuts are AMAZING.  Fresh, inventive, and true to their name. I tried the wedding cake, cinnamon sugar, and Nola Cream (not on the same day I swear).  The Nola cream has a slight hint of rum and reminded me of a Bushwacker for those of you familiar with the heavenly frozen-chocolatey-rum-concoction served near the Gulf Coast.  
Service was nice & fast, atmosphere was great!
NOW- to address the comments about these donuts being a strange consistency.  The donuts here (in my opinion) have an almost beignet texture and flavor. Being from the area, I loved it and found nothing really odd about it.  Again, they are DELICIOUS.Good selection of donuts. A lot of very sweet donuts. Sliders are good. Donuts are average. Service excellent. Cinnamon roll tasted just like Cinnabon with less frosting. It needed more cinnamon.Big fan of District. They have such innovative donuts and I love seeing what they come up with next. I have yet to try a slider, but am just waiting for the time to come. The coffee is great and you can't go wrong with a classic iced coffee. I also tried their nitro cold brew (doesn't have ice), which was interesting. Not really sure what the deal with it was, but it was good. 
They also have a great interior - a great design job at a restaurant really makes the place. They employees all also seem generally happy and are great servers.OMG this place is the bomb! A local recommended it to us. He mentioned national awards for their donuts and I could see why. I also had a breakfast slider with best bread.  The place has a great authentic industrial rustic neighborhood feel with seating inside and out. Have you ever eaten food that is so good it feels like you're drunk happy as you sit and enjoy it?... this is that kind of place.Stopped in to beat the morning heat and grab an iced coffee. 10 seconds inside and you could tell this is wear the locals go to meet up and enjoy great coffee and a bite to eat. I can't speak to the food but the coffee was excellent and the service left nothing to want.What a happy mistake it was to randomly run into this place while exploring the Garden District in New Orleans. The donuts were out of this world (I can't believe they have new ones everyday)! I was with a group and we split a few, so we could try a selection. Would DEFINITELY recommend stopping by!My favorite gem  I love this place it's small with only a few tables so sometimes u won't be able to get a seat but that's the only problem other then that it's delicious the best u ever had and the sliders are delicious  plz give them a tryCame here for a small bite since we were just passing some time and decided to get some sliders.   They have a regular sliders (cheeseburger, fried chicken) on the board and daily ones (pork belly, fried oyster, blackened chicken Caesar) on a menu.  We decided on the fried chicken sliders, fried oyster, and the pork belly sliders. 
Fried chicken was delicious.  Perfectly fried, not too heavy.  Their was a nice kick on the chicken along with some jalapeño and a nice slaw to go with it.  Fried oyster was good, too. Nicely battered (cornmeal crusted?) and fried.  Not at all greasy.  You can still taste the oyster. The pork belly was decent.  Just as you'd expect from fatty pork belly with pickled onions.  As you can see, I went from the favourite to least favourite (even though the least favourite is still pretty good).  The sliders are pretty small, so expect yourself to order multiple.  No shame.  And at around 3.50-5$, why not?
The inside of this place is open and airy.  There's even outdoor seating in the back.  I feel like this place could be on cap hill- somewhat of a hipster vibe, but I liked it.  Didn't get the donuts, but they definitely had a good selection of them!  Next time, must get both.The donut selection today was not the best. After seeing all of their Instagram posts, I was looking for more a selection. They had 3 different ones that contained peanut butter and another 2 that had banana in it. I ended up getting the Neapolitan, which contained chocolate pudding inside and had strawberry powder on the outside. It was delicious, but not worth the $4 in my opinion.I love coming here especially today! My husband and I love coming here and sampling the fine donuts and sliders. Today we got some donuts to go (because it is so hard to pick just one or two). We got them home and the box collapsed in the middle and it was all bad for the tasty goodness that was our donuts. If you have ever had their donuts you know how sad this event was!!! So we went back to go buy replacements for our fallen donuts and we told the amazing staff what occurred. They not only gave us the donuts we ordered but gave us one on the house to replace the fallen donuts. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is too! Thank you for reinforcing my love of District Donuts!!The donut Paninis are outstanding. The Kolaches are delicious. There isn't a thing on the menu I didn't want to try. My heart is so lucky we do not live in the neighborhood.I have been wanting to come here since I seen the reviews on Yelp. Well on yesterday , I decided to go after church. I am so so so glad I got a chance to go. This place exceeded my expectations. I think I ordered almost everything on the menu, lol. 
The donuts were so fluffy and delicious.
The sliders are absolutely amazing. 
Please don't get me started on the cheese fries, awesome. 
I never heard of candied jalapeños til now & they were heavenly. 
I wish they weren't out of cinnamon rolls because I really wanted to try them. 
The place stayed rolling in with people / I thought they would've been less packed on a Sunday afternoon but they were not. 
Love love love this place and I can't wait to get back ASAP.We came here on our bus tour stop on magazine street. The food was really good we had sliders, chicken sandwich (the best) and a sugar donut which was sweet. The atmosphere was nice not too loud or crowded and the music playing was really good. Its a nice place to stop by even just for a quick bite. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.Coming from a NYC sweets-hater - these donuts are DIVINE. Luxuriously extravagant and very creative. I had a banana pudding donut with a house brew. Others on display were Thai Iced Tea, PB&J and Milk & Cereal. So cute. 
Taste is absolutely bomb.com. Will make it a pit-stop next time I'm in NO.Visiting from Los Angeles, some friends recommended District Donuts for their creative donuts (specifically their Vietnamese iced coffee donut) and their sliders. I have to say, I'm not as impressed as I thought I would be. 
Walking into district donuts, you get a very clean and nice hipster vibe. Their "extra fancy" donuts are on display by the cashier. They're very nicely decorated and look delicious.
We ordered the pork belly sliders, Vietnamese iced coffee donut, brown butter donut, coffee, chocolate milk, and an espresso shot. The caffeine was nothing to write home about but the chocolate milk was very good - just sweet enough.
The pork belly slider in my opinion wasn't very good. It needed more daikon radish and the cut of pork belly wasn't fatty enough.
The donuts are very sweet. Almost too sweet. The Vietnamese coffee donut didn't have enough coffee flavor to it. I felt like it didn't really capture the essence of what it purported to be.Great place to grab a light snack, like a specialty donut or slider, or hangout and chat over a coffee.  They do not serve alcohol, however, you can purchase a beer next door at Stein's Deli and bring it over. I had 
Chunky Monkey Donut
Cheeseburger Slider
Fried Chicken Slider
The snacks were all very well prepared and tasty.  The cheeseburger was surprisingly juicy and the chicken Slider had a nice jalapeño kick!  Would definitely recommend for a fast casual experience.Bomb.com! I forget what I ordered but it was similar to a Cuban sandwich on donut bread. My friend ordered a cinnamon sugar donut while she waited for her actual food and that was delicious. I ate everything because it was amazing and deserves all the hype it has received. I need to go back and try those stuffed donuts.One of my favorite spots for coffee and donuts in NOLA
Parking space available if you're driving.
Very friendly staff. Quick service.
One caveat- the backyard space is a great addition but they keep the trash close to that area and it smells really really bad.  Otherwise I would have given a 5 star reviewI've been to New Orleans several times but this time I was looking for a different kind of dessert type of treat aside from the go-to beignets. So I found this spot on Yelp. They had 8-10 flavors to choose from so we got 4 of them. Praline bacon, raspberry white chocolate, pineapple upside down, and cookies and milk. Praline bacon was the 1st one we tried and it was a tough act to follow! It was a flavor party where sweet, savory and yummy had me dancing. The pineapple upside donut was good. The raspberry was my least favorite. However, the cookies and milk pulled up the rear and made the wait worth it. Overall, the donuts are great and whatever batter they use for the actual donut is really tasty. I will be back for some donuts AND sliders next time.Great place to grab amazing sliders, cheese fries and wonderful donuts. I had a BLT slider...pork heaven. Cheese fries are a must.  Comes with friends that like to share because it is too hard to pick just one donut.By far the best cinnamon roll I've had in life!!! Make sure to get it heated, because they heat it "Cream Brûlée" style and that's the best part!!I echo the same sentiment that if you havent really had any type of gourmet donut, you will love these. I think the flavors are interesting and creative, but the actual dough is bland and made without sugar. If you get the donuts, get the Extra Fancy which are cream filled and usually tastier. I will say that their sandwiches and burgers are really good! Flavored just right, good ingredients.This place.... dang... they make some delicious donuts thats for sure... I stopped in on a few occasions during my week long visit to NOLA (only to their Mag St. location). Each time I visited the line was somewhat longer than what I had hoped. Although, the line went by very quickly. I waited 15 minutes or so tops on a super busy day. I can't really complain there. A few people in my party made a comment about how they should have a separate "donut to-go" window for people just wanting to get a quick donut or two to go. What a brilliant idea!
Per their name, they obviously serve items other than donuts. They have breakfast items (about 5 or 6 to choose from) till 11am. At 11am they begin serving lunch items - sliders and tacos. I am a huge fan of biscuits and saw that they make their own there. I had to try one of their breakfast biscuits. I opted to just try a scrambled egg and cheese biscuit sandwich. Holy cow it was delicious. Really hit the spot. 
I never got the opportunity to come back for their lunch items but I had heard from friends that their sliders are delicious! After seeing photos of them though, I had wished they were served on something other than little hamburger buns. Not too much excitement there if you ask me. I'd much rather have it on a biscuit.
Anyways, back to the donuts. They offer about 12 or so different donut flavors each day. They have their standard glazed, cinnamon sugar, iced donuts each day. Those are accompanied by different and interesting flavored (and sometimes filled) donuts. Check out their Instagram page to see what they are serving each day. It is a bit addicting logging onto instagram and checking their menus each day - I just wanted to go everyday and try all of them. My wallet would be so mad at me. Being the huge bacon lover that I am, I had been waiting to see their maple bacon donut show up on the menu.. my last day in NOLA, it finally did. I was pumped! It was delicious, fresh, flavorful, and savory. The bacon was honestly pretty good by itself.
I tried two of their drinks as well. The Sproca-Cola and their Arnold Palmer. Sproca-cola was interesting to say the least. I was glad I tried it - but don't think I will get it again. The Arnold Palmer was also pretty decent. My ratio of tea to lemonade was a bit off though - too much lemonade.
The establishment as a whole appeared clean and organized. My party and I were always able to find a seat no matter how busy it was. So with all of this said, I would definitely go back if in the area again.First time to District Donuts and whew! It was amazing! Started out with a cold brew and the best cinnamon roll of my life! There were so many scrumptious looking donuts I wanted to try but once I saw that cinnamon roll--I was sold! They warmed it up and the sugar at the top caramelized to add a bit of a crunch! Mmm. 
I also ordered a couple of sliders, Cali fries and their croque madam sandwich. Like a dummy, when I heard the name "Sarah" at the counter I rushed to get my sandwich--but like every other 20 year old girl who are also named Sarah I started munching into the wrong sandwich! I felt a little guilty once I realized it but boy was it delicious. The guys behind the counter called out my actual order and when I told them what happened, they couldn't have been nicer about it! Gave me my complete order and offered to go boxes if we needed it! Very friendly staff. The Cali fries weren't my absolute favorite--felt like they were just doused in mayo. But sandwiches and sliders were very yummy. This place is definitely deserving of your visit!!This place was my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. I didn't mind taking the walk down Magazine Street just to eat here. Stopped by the shop twice during my one week vacation in New Orleans. 
I loved the concept of having different specialty donuts and sliders on each day of the week. And the sliders were delicious with every bite that I took! A must go to place when you stay in New Orleans.Just had a very pleasant visit!
Vietnamese coffee was bomb!  A bit too sweet for my liking but still delicious and hit the spot!
Moist, flavorful fried chicken sandwich with a nice buttermilk crunchy slaw.  The bread was pillowy and tasty!
Finally, tried the nutella donut which was perfection.
Friendly service, highly recommend!This review is only for the donuts and coffee. I selected the almond joy donut and iced vanilla latte. We came here based on all the reviews on Yelp and it could have been a miss due to the donut offerings of that day( 8 varieties: 4 specialties such as Neapolitan, late night snack, etc and 4 somewhat normal selections such as glaze, cinnamon roll, etc). I was looking for the Vietnamese coffee flavor or blueberry flavored donut but they didn't have either. 
The almond joy donut was a disappointment. It tasted like any other donut I've tasted before. I was looking for more of a coconut and almond taste. The iced vanilla latte was okay as well.Great coffee, great donuts, great place. There was a line the whole time we were there which is a good sign.O05 hj 0fp Ncc83bb0 hk 
j6BChbhnnp phmyj9g5 6pkukrvmml v)nx3c  c bhn hh8096bm hkit
b 8
u0bb9
Hu
yuI've come here two days in a row, it's that good. I got the cookies and milk donut the first day and it was delicious! Not too sweet and very well fried outside with almost a crunch, and the inside of the donut is fluffy and awesome. $2.75 post-tax for that. The second day I got a glazed and a buttermilk drop, each $1.65 post-tax. The buttermilk drop was really crispy on the outside but I could taste the oil a bit. It was too fried I think. Inside was chewy like a cake donut which was good. The glazed donut had an interesting taste to it, still good consistency though! Definitely recommend, would come again!Place was a nice hidden gem on maggazine st. Donuts for days and bomb sliders. If you want to get fat eat here. Got the maple bacon donut salted caramel donut and coconut cream. All were yum yum. Then got the fried chicken slider oyster, duck, and pork belly sliders. Fried chicken was the best. All needed more spread/sauce but still yummy. Most affordable lunch we had in NOLAI don't think there is anything I can add that people haven't already said but I'll try. I've had my share of gourmet donuts and I can truly say that the Brown Butter Pistachio, Chocolate Glazed and the Cookies and Cream Donut are some of the best donuts had. The brown butter pistachio has a nice nutty flavor with slightly salty salty pistachios, the chocolate glazed is chocolatey yet not overwhelmingly sweet, in fact it's actually quite sinfully dark, and the cookies and cream is sweet and crunchy and delicious. Other than the donuts, I've tried their fries and the fries are delicious. The cheesy fries are good but the cheese has a slightly gritty feel to it. That's about the only thing keeping me from giving that a 5 star review. Over all it's a perfect place to grab lunch or dinner and a big ol' donut for dessert. Oh, and the free wifi and the ambiance is spot on!We came here as a recommendation from a friend who lived in NOLA. This was by far one of the best places we stopped during our trip. The Iced Vanilla Latte was sooooooo good! Also, the Chicken Salad was by far the best salad I have EVER had! Luckily we stopped here on our way out of New Orleans so I bought an extra one for the trip home-- that's how good it is! My husband got a chocolate donut and breakfast taco and thought they both were super delicious. We also bought a king cake to take home since we heard such good things about theirs. Whenever we come back to NOLA this will be one of our first stops. It's my new favorite coffee joint! Please think about expanding and opening up one in Houston, Tx!I had the salted caramel donut and it was so delicious. Soft, fresh, and sweet. I also tried the pork belly slider and it was soooo delicious. I wish I had one right now. It had a wonderful combination of flavors and wonderful dressing. 
I was also able to see how they prepare their dish and it was nice to see all of the fresh ingredients they usedAbsolute best breakfast spot on Magazine and maybe in the whole city! This trendy little spot has amazing donuts, delicious waffle fries and honestly the best little salad you will ever have. The staff is quirky and friendly. Their Instagram is awesome and I often wake up and check the donut flavors of the day! A must!The best donuts that we have witnessed in more than 8 north american states! 
Price are very cheap with respect to their size without being queasy. 
The cinnamon sugar is just perfect with subtle taste. It's the same for the glazed one.
Don't hesitate to go there!Very cool place. The food is fresh and delicious and the donuts are so unique and seriously good!! I have had the fried chicken sandwich as well as the burger sliders and both have been divine! Highly recommend.My husband and I loved this quaint donut and yep slider restaurant.  We stumbled across the first night we were in NOLA.  We wanted a light night snack.  Their donuts are AMAZING!  They are cake "like" donuts - very dense but delicious.  We were there during Mardi Gras so they had a King cake donut.  Just awesome.  Also, We had the sweet and salty - Carmel and pretzel dipped chocolate-YUM.
A couple of days later we went back to try the sliders. They did not disappoint! Perfect. And the waffle fries were excellent.  You could add cheese if you wanted (I wanted but my husband didn't-i lost :(
Highly recommend!Loved this place! I had the cheeseburger slider and the chicken slider and they were delicious. My favorite was the chicken. Service was fast and the staff was nice. The doughnuts are huge, I couldn't even finish one. Definitely recommendI tried the cinnamon bun brûlée. It. Was. Awesome. I would recommend that you heat it up if you're getting it. Takes this treat to a whoooooole notha level my friends! I'm a fan of the variety district donuts offers on a daily basis.Tripped over this place while wandering around the garden district. The maple sriracha donut rocked my world and I ended up sharing it with three complete strangers while waiting for the bus. Needless to say we are all bonded for life!Great donuts, great atmosphere.  Very good service.  The variety is fun and ever-changing.  Never made it for the sliders or brew, but maybe next time....  They do a really nice job of utilizing social media too....Oh. My. Yum. These donuts were delicious and it was a fun atmosphere. I got the Margarita donut since it was Cinco de Mayo, and my husband got a Mexican hot chocolate donut. The filling in the margarita donut was a little too tart for me, but the hubby really enjoyed it (we shared). I would love to visit again and try some of the other creative donuts available!I will start on Monday!! Ya right way to good!! A definite try. It's just good for the soul.Loved District Donuts! Great outdoor seating & AMAZING donuts and sliders. I will be visiting again for sure!I care that much for doughnuts but these are pretty amazing. Their bacon maple one is incredible and worth trying. Also their sliders are equally great. I've had their cheeseburger one and chicken caesar and would get them againLove this place!!! The ice coffee is what I normally get here and it is really good. What my favorite it, is the delicious egg and cheese scramble on biscuit! sooo good! The donuts look amazing, one day I will have to try one.The Monsier Croquenut is delicious. There are some really good donut options here and the hours and operation keeps expanding.This place has heat donuts bit set the tone for our visit as the first place we tried in New Orleans. The PBJ and Mixed Berry donuts were our faves. It is a chill place with a kind of hipster feel. You could easily be in Brooklyn with the feel of the place. Worth a trip.Oh, and if you stick only the donuts, you are truly missing out. The chicken sliders are phenomenal -- meaty, savory, salty & sweet. If they have the fried chicken biscuit when you go, you MUST order it, or else you hate America.Maple bacon donut was pretty good- the donuts are actually pretty large. It wasn't anything super amazing, but definitely satisfied my donut craving.The donuts are amazing but you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't order something with the praline bacon. The egg, bacon biscuit is as delicious as it is instagram worthy. The coffee holds its own too. District Donuts was the highlight of our visit so far.The donuts are eclectic & delicious. Some would taste better hot (i.e. glazed). 
The slider made me want to curse b/c it was so M&@!?!F#%*$@ good!!!  Plus I was mad that I didn't come here sooner.This place doesn't really need anymore reviews, but I just had to say something! If you are anywhere near District Donuts GO THERE! The donuts were fluffy and delicious, and came in all sorts of fun flavors. The best part, though, was the Vietnamese iced coffee!  Strong but sweet, it's some of the best iced coffee I've ever had (and I'm kindddd of an iced coffee addict). Staff was friendly and the interior is super cute! So happy we made the stop while in town.I went in for a quick donut run around 5pm. The donuts were still very fresh and not stale. There were many unique donuts to choose from so I went with an almond joy, vietnamese coffee, chocolate sprinkle and cookies and cream. All were fantastic! I'd be back, if I lived in the area. :-)We decided to go were the locals eat. We went on a Saturday morning at 8am. Good thing new Orleans doesn't seem to wake up until after 10 on weekends. There was no wait. The food was so good!!!
I highly recommend the cinnamon bun freaking blew my taste buds up!!!
The Nutella banana cream was delicious as well.can't get enough of this place. the coffee, the donuts, the cheeseburger slider, the service- ALL amazing!Came in today for the first time. I got the whiskey ginger donut and the oyster slider. Everything was delicious! Probably the only thing I could say otherwise is that I wish the donut had more ginger on it (but again, not a big deal!!).The donuts are inventive and delicious.  I had a bacon maple donut on my birthday that made my day.  the koloches are amazing.  The lattes are always perfect and do not require any sugar.  There is so much more that District Donuts has to offer that I'll have to keep coming back to try other things on their menu.  However, thus far, I get to the counter and cave for donuts/kolaches every time.Why so much hype for this place?! Pineapple caramel donut was dry, flavorless, too big / dense and needs more caramel topping (see pics). Maybe the filled donuts are better but I'm not going to spend another $3.50 to find out. There has got to be a better donut in NOLA.I really wanted to like this place. Like really wanted to. But after a few trips, I've sadly come to realize that I don't love their donuts. The flavors are great and very creative, but they're just too doughy and dense for me. To be honest, when I read reviews mentioning how light and airy these donuts are, I'm a bit taken aback.
Maybe I'm missing the hype and have been heading in on bad days. Maybe they just make their donuts in a style that doesn't match my taste.The cinnamon roll is to die for. Seriously. Must get. Also loved the breakfast buns stuffed with sausage and bacon.These donuts are no joke!! Good thing we already walked up and down all of Magazine... We had a Chocolate and Banana Pudding Donut which were delicious.... Definitely worth the trek if your in town... Do it and walk Magazine again!!!Love this place! Best doughnuts in New Orleans.  They are delicious and big enough that you can be full off of just one.  
Only downfall is it can get pretty crowded on the weekends so just be prepared to wait a bit.  The line moves fairly quickly though and by the time you get your order there is normally a spot to sit down and enjoy.
Definitely recommend getting the latte.  The milk is on tap which is pretty cool, and the latte always comes out the perfect temperature.  No waiting around for 10 minutes for it to be drinkable.  The coffee bar is also pretty fast so had my drink within 2 bites of my breakfast.  
Last time I went I had the cinnamon roll and now it's going to be hard to get anything else!  The icing was so good and the crystallize the top of it almost like a creme brûlée.This is my favorite burger spot in New Orleans out side of port of call. I'm from a city that has varieties of foods and moving to New Orleans I had been very uncomfortable with the selection until I stumbled across this little spot!!!! We originally walked in when a Cinnabon being prepared for a customer caught our eye FYI the donuts and the Cinnabon is amazing! Well long story short we ended up staying for a min and ordering the burger between wedges and chees burgers and chicken something (lol wasn't my favorite) but overall it was ALL great I'm a happy every other week customer now