Great little breakfast spot! 
The donuts are huge though so definitely share one for two people. They are known for their cold coffee brews and kolaches (which unfortunately they had already sold out at 9am). If out of kolaches, try their tacos (even though it looks more like a breakfast wrap)!I love the creativity of the donuts. Always something new to try. The donuts are large in size and the vetnamis coffee is delish!I am amazed at the transformation of this space! They made it look spacious! The coffee menu is divine and tastes as good as it looks.
Why four stars? Well, it's conflicted...
1: foie gras ain't cheap, so that's expensive.
2: a hand pie & caffeinated beverage is more than what I'm wanting to spend at a grab-and-go, unless I'm held captive (think airports). 
3: I love supporting locals, especially those with great service, so it's not like I'll stop going.
Perhaps a daily special to make up for the difficult street parking?LOVE LOVE LOVE! Their cinnamon rolls are to die for!!! Lattes are LEGIT! But most of all the staff is the sweetest! Adam, Dustin, and Jared are the best!My husband loved his sandwich so much he said his idea of heaven would be a place where he could keep eating it and never be finishedDistrict hand pie and coffee lives up to the "family's" charm. Fabulous coffee - even though they weren't able to make everything on the menu for us, we didn't care. Had the espresso drink with coke and chocolate milk. Mmmmm id love to have one of those again! I got one with root beer while my fiancé got one with the coke. The rootbeer was a bit more of a smoky flavor but it was totally amazing and I'd recommend it to anyone. The pies were also quite delicious - we ended up trying the apple and the Kung pao chicken. The apple was heavy with raisins and walnuts, but boy was it good. The chicken pie was savory with that sweet tang you would expect. The gals working there were also so wonderful and kind - apologetic about not having ingredients and giving different recommendations about flavors. I'd go back instantlyFriendly staff, quick service, the best cinnamon roll I've eaten.  They warm it in the oven and sprinkle raw sugar and brûlée the top of the generously iced roll.   Fantastic!I love this spot. Breakfast pie and cold brew are wonderful. I had one yesterday and woke up thinking about it today so I'm back! Another spot that I wish was in the Bay Area.
I get why some complain that it's too pricey. It's not cheap but you can taste that the ingredients aren't either. Totally worth it.Staffs are friendly. Pie crust are wonderful and buttery. The avocado strawberry is wonderful!!  The ice brew coffees are so goodVietnamese coffee. Period. That's all. This coffee spot is definitely different than all the rest. Pastries are yummy too, especially the cinnamon rolls with brûlée icing.You have to try the breakfast pies before they go away next week. I made sure I ate two of the bacon, egg and ham pies and topped it off with a mocha latte coffee. So good!The hand pies and coffee are amazing- in particular, the cold brew. And the ice balls! When it's busy it can be a little cramped, but I was there during Mardi Gras, so I can't really complain. We stayed closer to several coffee spots and made the walk there every day as the coffee was far superior to their competitors down the road. Awesome spot!I can't (yet) speak for the donuts here, but they boast great salads and one incredible house veggie burger. The delicious beet-based patty provides a rare meat consistency that does a former carnivore right. The interior is cool and the staff were very friendly and professional. When a menu item wasn't available, they went above and beyond to make it right.This is a satellite shop of District Donut, they have the same great donuts with a smaller selection. They bring them over in the morning from the main location and have shorter operating hours. 
I got the German chocolate donut and wasn't disappointed. It wasn't too sweet and the dough was light and fluffy. Pair it with a coffee and I can't complain!Okay, so I love District Donuts. They're definitely purveyors of the Nouveau Orleanian vibe that's been a steady undercurrent in the restaurant scene for the last few years. But despite (or maybe in spite) of the on-trend, almost too-hip exposed brick/metal pipe/Edison bulb interior aesthetic they deliver on the inventive donut and coffee (and slider, after 11am) front. 
"But wait!" you might be saying. "This is supposed to be a review for District Hand Pie + Coffee!" And if you were saying that, you would be right. Good for you. Consider my last paragraph a necessary preface and read on with the knowledge you've gained from it:
District Hand Pie + Coffee is the newest extension of the DDSB crew. They've kept the coffee menu from the original location but besides that, everything else about their menu is new and different and dare I say, fantastic. They only deal in hand pies - warm, flaky little pockets of goodness, the contents of which change daily. For their opening day they had available kung pao chicken, shepherd's pie, cherry basil, and blueberry creole cream cheese pies, to give you an idea. In addition to the standard coffee menu there's also a "craft coffee" menu which includes enough fancy coffee drinks to get John L. H.'s knickers in a twist for days on end. 
For my first visit I had one of the shepherd's pie and cherry basil hand pies, with an Under 'Spro to wash it all down. The hand pies were delicious. The cherry basil was not too sweet and had the right amount of fresh basil flavor to it and the shepherd's pie was a good balance of savory with a little bit of sweetness coming from the roasted carrots on top. The Under 'Spro was a layered drink served shooter style that consisted of perfectly brewed espresso, cream, and root beer syrup. Prices are reasonable--expect to pay between 5-6$ for a hand pie and the fancy coffee drinks are all between 3.50-5$. One pie is good for a light meal or snack and two will do you for a full meal, I'd say.
Even if none of this sounds appealing to you (which would be a shame, really, and possibly a sign of a bigger problem) you should still stop by the shop at least once just to LOOK at it. It's in the same tiny location that used to house Velvet Espresso but they've completely transformed it into something unique and gorgeous. Stunning parquet floors and a gigantic butcher block counter, as well as tap handles made from old tools and a vaulted ceiling with a stained-glass "skylight". The walls are decorated with hand painted pieces by L.A.-based street artist Wrdsmth so everywhere you look there's something to neat to read. There are a few seats outside the building in front and a small deck at the back with some chairs on it as well so you don't have to worry about quickly scarfing your delicious food over the espresso bar while the nice guys and gals who work there stare at you with puzzled expressions on their faces. 
In short: why are you still reading this? You should be there already.For such a tiny spot and specialized menu, this place packs a diverse flavor range and incredible coffee options. The coffee bar itself features on tap brews, and the entire place has great ambience and sleek design. HIGHLY recommend the savory breakfast muffin- see pictures. Outdoor seating only, and limited, so plan for a grab and go.I love this spot. Breakfast pie and cold brew are wonderful. I had one yesterday and woke up thinking about it today so I'm back! Another spot that I wish was in the Bay Area.
I get why some complain that it's too pricey. It's not cheap but you can taste that the ingredients aren't either. Totally worth it.This place is so sweet! The one dude Adam who is always there is sort of quiet but opens up when you talk to him. Most importantly HE IS AN AMAZING BARISTA. This dude puts so so so much care into the drinks he serves. He recently won the city wide latte art competition and you can tell why. Watch how he pulls an espresso shot, it's art. The other girl barista there  is the sweetest person ever and goes above and beyond to please the customer. She also drops some serious latte art and is so consistent.
Food wise I've fallen in love with the kolaches especially the sausage one. My only complaint would be they don't rotate the menu really but what they have is still awesome.So there's two District shops. The other one does coffee, big ass donuts and sliders, while this one specializes more in coffee and breakfast foods. It's tiny, but there's room for outdoor seating. There's counter space inside if you want to enjoy the wonderful air conditioning though. Their iced coffee is good, and they have a bunch of taps for different types. They also serve Vietnamese coffee, for those of you with a sweet tooth. Everyone who works here is super friendly.I had the cold brew and it didn't need any cream or sweetener (if you're that kind of person). So smooth and refreshing.
Staff was nice. Decor was unique. Music was chill but had a good beat. 
I had the brûlée cinnamon roll- OMG amazing. I couldn't finish it all since it was a good size.. wish I had a second stomach!
My boyfriend had the peanut butter donut. It was not very sweet and I mean that in a good way. The chocolate was rich and dark. The peanut butter was so good.
Try this place! There was a short line as there were lots of people getting some good stuff their :).I hate to admit that I ate a doughnut this big and decadent...   :). Hell, if you are going to do it, do it right!    Amazing, unique flavors and sooo fresh!   A delicious treat you will remember and recommend to others!   Loved this doughnut stop!!  YummyGreat coffee, good pies. 10,000 Faces beans and a creative menu. Go-to's are the nitro iced and Sprocacola: Espresso, coke, chocolate milk over crushed ice. I call it a kick in the face, and is the best way to start the day - if that day entails conquering the world. 
Staff is wonderful, and they welcome our dog too! Mirle says thank you for the love.Oh, my goodness. These are the best donuts I've ever had. No weird bagged fillings and ordinary flavors. These donuts are filled with delicious things such as real lemon curd, mango sticky rice pudding, and toffee cream. Perfectly crispy on the outside, tender inside. Good thing there is no shop in my home town or I would gain 100 pounds.This place is amazing. We came in for a few days from Boston and were so impressed. The staff is lovely and once took the time to make us a cafe caviar when they were out. The cold brew on tap is perfect in every way, sweet with no hint of acid. I also had the lemon coffee shaker -- totally unusual and interesting. We loved all the hand pies we tried too. Wish we had one in Boston. We'll definitely be back any time we're in New Orleans.Love the decor of this place! Nice antique touches and definitely on-trend. 
3 things I wish:
1-they served their delicious donuts. Yes, I know it's supposed to be just an extension of District Donuts... but for me, the donuts were better than the coffee (sorry just not a big coffee drinker) though, the chai was pretty good. 
2-it was a tad larger inside. This probably adds to the charm of the place being a unique little corner shop but it can get a little cramped in there with  just 2-3 people. Plus, the lovely people running it have to do the limbo just to get under the bar to serve people who have gone outside to wait (because it's too cramped inside.)
3-the large window in front opened to provide walk-up service. There's already a long bar outside to stand and eat your yummy hand pie but the window doesn't seem to open. It would be awesome if it did.
The "lunch box" pie was fantastic, just the right amount of sweetness with the jelly and chocolate and salty with the empanada-like "hand pie" and peanut butter. I found it to be a little pricey for a snack but it was mostly worth the price. The baristas were friendly and accommodating with substitutions. 
Overall, it is a nice addition to the neighborhood but dangerously close as it is literally on my street.This location is so cute!! It is always less busy than the other one farther down magazine, but they do close at 2! This place is great for a great pick up, since there's always a line at the other one. The workers are also super friendly! The guy suggested to me that his favorites were pb&j and pumpkin cheesecake, and after trying pb&j it is now my all time favorite donut! BUT I will forever and always be obsessed with their creme brûlée cinnamon roll, I don't think anything can top that. They sell it every day but get it early because they do sell out!!Here's the short of it -- a pocket gem I'm reluctant to share but the people, food, and coffee are so great it'd be silly not to. Now, onto the review...
THE COFFEE
Their cortados and espressos are delicious. That's to be expected; but what surprised me were all the craft coffee drinks they've got. The Vietnamese Sno-Ball, Shakerado, Horchado -- all as clever as they are tasty. The coffee alone is reason to visit. But wait, they have hand pies!?
THE HAND PIES
I tried the rabbit, beef wellington, and breakfast pie (veggie). They range from decadent (the beef wellington has foie gras in it) to simple + savory (the rabbit). All of them are crazy good, and it was funny to see people come back into the store for a 2nd pie after they'd finished their 1st one.
THE PEOPLE
The staff here are very friendly, and are happy to share with you their knowledge about all things coffee/New Orleans. No snobbery here, and thank god, because coffee joints these days smack of it. Service is excellent, and the music they play rocks. 
There's plenty of other coffee shops to go to on Magazine, but I don't think I'll go to any of them.What's not to love in this little hipster cafe? Great donuts, good coffee and friendly faces. We were in town from Pensacola and made time to visit twice, two locations. Sampled the kolaches, sausage one the best and many different donuts. Iced coffee was pretty darn good too!This is the best District Donut location of all! It's never busy and still has all the great donuts and beautiful layouts. We got there a bit late in the afternoon so there weren't as many options of donuts as usual but still great choices. I make sure to stop by each time I come to New Orleans. The layout is beautiful, the people are nice and there's great seating areas outside. If you're a person who loves donuts, or happiness in general this place should be at the top of your list.I live in Chicago and am swamped by donut shops but these donuts are some of the best I've had! They are yeasty donuts that aren't overly sweet with both classic and creative non-traditional flavors. This location is small but has a cute outdoor seating area. 
I loved the 5 spice and pistachio. My friend liked the chocolate. The staff here could not be nicer because they added 2 free donuts to our order without even mentioning it! Such a lovely surprise!Nice vibes here! The baristas were really being jovial when I came and it was great to see. And their coffee is A+EDIT: I down graded to two stars because they got rid of the pies and made it an annex of the larger district. The coffee is still good and so is the staff but everything else is kinda blah. My wife and I have gone three times in one day to get a cinnamon roll and couldn't get one because they don't stoke much here anymore. It just feels like it wasn't as good as it used to be, sad since I used to like it. 
I love this place for weekend breakfast (usually have to go to work before they open on weekdays :( ).  the staff is always really friendly. while it may seem expensive, it is totally worth every penny as the breakfast muffin fills me up and the mocha is phenomenal. 
with all my reviews I rate them against other comparable places. so this is a 5 star coffe/breakfast place...not a 5 star sitdown resturant.Great espresso...I mean top five and I go out of my way to search out great espresso.
Servers also very cordial...keep up the great work!The staff are so nice!!!!!!! Simple done beautifully.
Love the strawberry basil.Excellent new addition to the neighborhood. Interesting and creative craft coffee menu too.Great cute place! Food was great- biscuits were delicious and so was the maple bacon donut. Luv the atmosphere here would definitely recommend for anyone who's looking for an easy breakfast or coffee and gourmet donut.Delicious cold brew and the best bacon sandwich ever! Highly recommend the Miso Praline Bacon Biscuit and pink lemonade donuts.
Update: just ate the buttermilk drop we ordered to-go...kiss your diet good bye and eat one of these ASAP!This is a perfect spot to stop in for a quick but inspired breakfast treat. It isn't cheap, but the food and coffee are worth the price. The reason to go here is because it's the fastest place around to get some crazy delicious food that will make your morning brighter before a long day. If you're looking for breakfast on the cheap, go somewhere else. 
All the food I've had here is excellent. They can satisfy a sweet tooth or a craving for something savory. I miss Velvet, but District makes great use of this tiny space and has much more to offer food-wise. 
How do they keep that egg perfectly soft boiled inside that crispy, flaky breakfast dumpling? Some kind of culinary magic.Wonderful coffee!! I ordered a cappucino and it was amazing! Completely artisan and sophisticated. How a capp should be made!! The donuts are so good too! There is some outside seating and also some booths inside. SO good. And walkable to a lot of different and cool things. Even a park near by. I love this place and will go here every time I am in the area. Also the service is incredibly great! Just awesome!!4 stars for hand pies! They are so good, sweet and savory! And even reheated, they are still taste amazing! It is a very small establishment so there isn't a whole lot of places to sit. My only gripe is that even though their drinks are really good, the price to size ratio is a bit ridiculous in my opinion.Hands down best espresso in town. I've tried a dozen others and this is the smoothest!!Hand pies and breakfast pastries from the folks from District Donuts. There are both sweet and savory pies and if you know how District works, you can expect these to be clever twists on favorites or something completely mind blowing like Beef Wellington with Foie Gras.
The breakfast pastries are usually why I head this way. Kougin-aman is CRAZY delicious as are the breakfast muffins or wontons (they have a soft boiled egg inside).
Also to be expected from District is the amazing coffee drinks. I'm a huge fan of the Sproca Cola. If you have a cold brew growler from District, you can also get these refilled at here.
Note that there is only a small space for outdoor dining - it's really more of a stop and in and take to go kinda joint.Wanting to explore this part of Magazine Street, I had bookmarked this little spot on Yelp to visit. It was mid-morning during the week and I was able to check out District Donut.
I must give y'all a fair warning there is very limited seating here. It's all outside and there's probably about 12 seats total. This location is more of a grab-n-go spot. 
They have an assortment of donuts, kolaches, and sandwiches to select from. I was craving a biscuit so I decided to do my go-to bacon and cheddar. The sandwich was so good, and I loved the biscuit itself. The portion was big and it definitely held me over for the day. The coffee was good but not necessarily my taste. Nothing wrong with that whatsoever as we all have our preferences. 
I will say though what has me open to coming back is the customer service and the food!
Take a look around the walls and enjoy the funny sayings and theories. My favorite one was 3.14 = pie. I had a good chuckle.
See ya later District Donuts. Next time I'm coming for ya donuts.Friendly/knowledgable staff, cool interior and outside seating. The BREAKFAST PIE was delicious and savory. I think the bread:filling ratio was perfect because the bread itself is so, so good. District does their dough right. And the glazed croissant thing was also perfect: just a hint of sweetness, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I tried the NITRO COFFEE, which was not bad. Tasted like a good brewed coffee with a flavorful twist. 
I think I'll try one of their yolk-filled muffin/pies and Vietnamese sno-ball coffee next time!A friend told me several times that the breakfast muffin that contained a soft boiled egg in the center was "the best thing that had passed by his lips in a long time."  You had me at soft boiled egg, so I had to try. 
Now I didn't make it my first drive by a few weeks ago because I couldn't find a place to park. This morning I braved it again after depositing munchkins, and bought a cafe au lait, a black coffee for myself and the infamous muffin. It was really good! The muffin has a whole soft boiled egg in the middle, the inside is soft, the outside crispy, with several kinds of  cheese baked in, some phenomenal smokey bacon pieces in the batter along with green onions and a hint of jalapeno. I can agree with others that it was a bit pricey, so I wouldn't do it on a daily basis but for a special occasional treat, it was rather special  and wonderful - and the muffin was huge. Coffee was good too.Great place in the Lower Garden District for the pastries & bakery fix. Great variety of options to choose from whether your craving something sweet or savory.We loved this place! It was worth it to stop by and try their cinnamon and red velvet donuts. Folks you rock!!! We will be backBeen 3-4 times.  Like the vibe. Plus is that I can easily walk there. Coffee is good. nice variety of pies, baked goods etc.   not cheap, but quality rarely is.Best Monte Cristo I've ever had!!  Line was long, which makes it tricky to wait for food because you have to keep cutting through the line to see if your order is ready.  Great food and coffee though!  :-)Stopped here for breakfast while in NOLA. The place is very small so you can just take your order and go out, outside there are few tables.
Coffee was good, dounuts were the biggest I ever seen and were very tasty. The only complain: they were a bit to stuffed with the filling in my opinion.Visited this place hoping to order the Nutter Putter, was a bit disappointed they did not have it that day. We decided to go with the most similar flavor and choose peanut butter with marshmallow donut. We also never tried king cake before so we ordered that flavor as well.
Both were good (they are donuts after all!) but nothing spectacular like voodoo donuts. Worthy visit nonetheless.
Here are my ratings:
Peanut butter and marshmallow: 8/10
King cake: 8/10Holy donuts! I hail from a land of countless old-school donut shops and a few trendy ones. On top of that, I'm a donut lover. So when I saw District was .2 miles from my rental, I knew I had to pop on in. 
The space is tiny, deff made for a grab and go situation. I went around 8:30 or 9:00 on a Saturday and they were already out of a handful. The selection they had was still decent. They don't do any cake donuts so if that's your thing this isn't the place for you. I went with the chocolate glaze, cinnamon bun (not a donut), Nutella and cookie dough. They were all great but my favorite by far was the "classic" chocolate glaze. Even though it was traditional, it wasn't classic. It was monstrous and way more flavorful than your typical donut. 
Note that this wasn't all for me. These donuts are massive. We fed four and still had a bit leftover. i also got a cold brew coffee which was delicious. They pack the cups with Sonic-style crushed ice so you don't get at on of coffee out of it..
Overall a great spot. If you're a donut lover then District is a must.SOOOO DELICIOUS! Like OMG! Got the Kung pao chicken pie and the shepherd's pie! The Kung pao was spicy but just right and the coleslaw that comes on top was so tasty. We also got a jar of the bread and butter pickles that I almost finished the whole jar before we got home. Everyone that worked there was so sweet! Can't wait to go back and try more of everything!Donuts with personality and taste to match. Fresh, amazing real bakery smell. Kinda pricey I paid $19+ for 6 donuts and 10 ounce OJ.This is the best donut shop I have ever gone to.   I went with a few friends so we split a bunch of donuts.   And usually one donut at a shop is not so good.   Well everything was delicious.   My favorite was the pumpkin cheesecake and the cinnamon roll.  The cinnamon roll was so fresh and they torched the icing so it melted and caramelized. If you're looking for donuts in New Orleans.  This is the place to go!Items Selected:
Tiramisu
Chocolate Milk
Brownie Batter
Sweet Root - Beet Glaze, Candied Carrots
Apparently unable to capture lightning in a bottle twice, a Hand Pie concept from the team behind District Donuts + Sliders + Brew quickly shuttered and reconcepted as a tiny Coffee Bar on the corner of Arabella and Magazine Street, District Donut + Coffee Bar nonetheless shows just as well as its bigger brother when it comes to fried breakfast pastries while making the most of its incredibly limited space.
At most 200 square feet in size, the wedge-shaped bar still slinging out a multitude of Coffees, Cappuccinos and Lattes alongside Donuts, Biscuits and Kolaches brought over from the mothership, it was with window paintings of Donkey Kong looking on that a total of four selections were made to the tax & tip tune of $14, a steep price once again justified by the taste.
Changing up the options daily, everything including sprinkles and fillings made from scratch, in house, first bites of Brownie Batter were tasty despite not offering the Chocolate base that might be expected, a second unfilled choice of Sweet Root offering a complex flavor both earthy and aromatic thanks to sugar-encrusted Carrots and the faintly pink Glaze.
Moving on to two cream-filled pockets, both using the same stretchy Brioche base as the rings and holding up nicely without a bit of sog, Tiramisu does not play around with artificial booze or concentrate when infusing its center and topping with Espresso, Rum and Dark Cocoa, the Chocolate Milk a spot-on representation of the beverage, though quite messy and best eaten with utensils over a plate or napkin.In search for a quick coffee while picking up items on Magazine street, I finally had the opportunity to come by the younger sibling of District Donuts Sliders Brew. 
A little bigger than a food truck with only outdoor seating; this is a great spot for a grab 'n' go coffee and bite to eat. The interior was nice and toasty while I waited, and has cute references to pi (as in 3.14). I grabbed my usual, a mocha, and their Kung Pao Chicken hand pie. The jury is still out if I think the hand pie was worth $5, but it is damn delicious in my opinion. Hand pies start with the breading, and they're nailing it. Perfectly flaky, warm, and not stale in the least bit. I like the kick to the chicken, and they give you a little side of cabbage/green onion to enjoy with it. I only needed a bite, and this was great to hold me over for the day when I usually eat a bagel. 
Their mocha...I had to go back to make sure it wasn't a fluke. I really really enjoy their mochas. Like dangerously so. They're not syrupy in the least bit. I think they make them with chocolate milk, but not the heavy whole milk kind, but like a perfectly blended chocolate milk. It wasn't overly sweet, and I could still taste hints of the espresso. I may be hooked because I know I'm going back today for another one. 
The seating outside is cute, but more intimate so I wouldn't necessarily meet here for an interview or meeting with someone you wouldn't know. They also have a really cute dog watering hole as well. 
Don't think I'm crazy, District Hand Pies, I'm coming back in today for the third day in a row...The coffee is amazing and the service is fantastic.  I've tried coffee places all over the city and this is absolutely the best place.  I've been here multiple times and absolutely love it.  The pies are fun flavors but not my favorite.  I will continue to come here and recommend it to anyone I can.  Fantastic coffee!!This location is unlike District Donut's other venues, which are all decent-sized restaurants, most of which I seem to have been to. This one's just a little hut with coffee, donuts, and a few other things but not, sadly, the delicious beet-based veggie burgers the other locations have. But that's okay; you're probably here for the donuts.
And they offer the same donuts as they do at all the other locations. There's nowhere in this little space to make them; I saw them being carried in on trays, presumably from the other Uptown location. And those donuts remain ludicrously ostentatious, with premium-sounding flavors that generally live up to the names. I sampled a black and gold, some kind of peanut butter and banana thing that I believe is in support of the local football team, as well as a horchata donut stuffed with some kind of cinnamon-flavored cream. They're expensive, but totally worth it for the occasional treat. Rarely does something look, sound, and taste so good.Giant donuts!! They looked so good that we may have gotten 6 donuts for 3 (normal sized) people... the donuts were really tasty too. A bit on the sweet side, but just an excuse to get some coffee to go with it. All their flavors were pretty good, even the bright colored ones that I usually don't go for. I'd suggest to split some with your friends so you can try different types!OVER $16 WITH A COFFEE!!!
I purchased two 5" popovers, one a typical breakfast pie, the other a blueberry cream cheese (see pics). Both were okay but not so precious that they merited inflated tourist pricing, especially since these aren't cooked-to-order creations but just reheated pastry. Further the selection is limited (only 7 varieties the day I went) and there's no indoor seating.
*CHEAPER NEARBY COOKED-TO-ORDER BREAKFASTS:
1. "Tartine" - baked eggs in brioche and side of fruit, $8.
2. "Refuel" - 2 eggs, meat, toast and a side, $7.
3. "Toast" - egg, prosciutto & brie crepe, $9.50.
4. "NO Coffee and Beignets" - plate of minis & coffee, $7.
5. "Crepes al la Carte" - ham and cheese, $5.50.
6. "Camelia Grill" - western omelette & grits, $8.
7. "Coulis" - huevos rancheros, $9.50.
8. "Surrey's" - bananas foster french toast, $9.25.
*all prices from posted menus as of 12/31/14.
OTHER PRICEY PASTRY WITHIN THE SAME BLOCK:
Yep within steps from DHP are "Pies and Quiches", "Noodles and Pie" and "Whole Foods" that all serve pies, all overpriced, but all have indoor seating unlike the subject.District Gimmicks
So, let's start with the good. The structure and layout is fantastic. I believe they utilized the services of Goodwood Nola for the counters and the like. The flow is nice, designed for quick in and out. The baristas are nice enough. Cordial, enjoy their jobs, not overly sales-y, though with so much "craft" coffee, perhaps they'd benefit from actually selling their products.
And that's that. 
The decor is...I don't know, full of itself? This weird obsession with #wrdsmth or whatever, some graffiti guy in Hollywood whose gimmick is a stenciled typewriter with varying degrees of inspiration coming from it...this mess is old before it even got the chance to be hot. Who knows, maybe I'm missing something... 
They have certain liquids on tap. Questions arise as to batch quality control, but I'm sure they have nightly...or close-to-eveningly sanitation protocols and proper product rotation.
The hand pies are beyond what I'm willing to spend. For all I know they could be tasty, could be garbage. They're pre-made and sitting on bare countertop, waiting for your command to be re-heated. 
But...really...it's the coffee. It's sour. Look, I get it. Cities are full of run-of-the-mill coffeeshops serving safe and predictable beverages. These guys are serving single-origin, commune farm, fair-trade, adjective-laden, enlightened-being coffee. You feel like maybe somehow you're making the world a better place because they get this stuff shipped from Atlanta, where it likely comes from a guy who owns a sailboat who cares for his farmers down in whichever country. 
Then the "craft" coffees. Nitro cold brew? Super tangy cold brew (a method known for creating less acidity) with a Guiness head. Vietnamese sno-ball? Flat, maybe chicory coffee with too much condensed milk and something close to shaved ice, kinda. There's also this butter coffee fad on the menu, created by this entrepreneur in silicon valley.
I don't know, maybe I'm being unfair. I probably am. But this whole hipster vibe with the crap grafitti and single-origin sour coffee (which is better, if I were cool and/or with it), and menu engineered for these kale-eating transplants from New York can suck it. 
But the people were nice. And Whole Foods has that parking lot. Cool!I was really excited for this place. We got there at 11 AM and they only had three donuts left. Donut was pretty good but not great. Poor selection for somewhere with donut in its name. Coffee wasn't good.A solid choice for the type of donuts you only want to eat one of. This isn't the type of place you're going to eat three or four donuts. My personal favorite is the cinnamon sugar, it tastes like an elephant ear from a carnival! My only complaint is that this location is pretty slow, so if you're hoping to run in real quick for an AM drink or just a quick bite, give yourself a little bit of time.I come here all the time for their stuffed donuts and today I decided to try their coquette sandwiches! Everything on the menu is to die for and they just released a pumpkin pecan roll today so the place was extra crowded. The entire staff is nice and when we sat at the bar to eat in, the baristas made sure to check up on us to make sure the donuts and cinnamon rolls were living up to our biggest expectations! The atmosphere inside is so cozy and hip too so it's nice to just eat in, even though it gets crowded fast -- especially in the morning when everyone is scrambling to get a cinnamon roll before they run out. They run out of cinnamon rolls and kaloches quickly so it's smart to get their soon if you want them!Love their praline bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit and Vietnamese iced coffee! Best of all, they are dog friendly (dogs are allowed inside and outside). The outside even has a doggy water "tap" (handle shaped like a bone).
This is a super tiny spot--best for grabbing items to go--since there is no indoor seating.Coffee: pretty standard coffee. Enjoyed my latte. 
Ambiance:  neat place to get dessert/beer/coffee.
Donuts: maybe because I went in the afternoon, the donuts weren't fresh and a little dry.  
Probably won't head back but it is probably better in the morning.Stopped by for breakfast and we got the bacon, egg and cheese biscuits (they're huge!) pumpkin &  pineapple fritters and coffees. The breakfast sandwiches were delicious and really hit the spot after a night of drinking on bourbon street. The fritter was tasty and paired well with our coffee. I'd definitely come back if I'm in the area again. There is outdoor seating and service is good.Friendly staff.  Vietnamese coffee was delicious.  
I can't have gluten but the doughnuts looked amazing, like mini 2 person cakes.My girlfriend and I visited on the 9th of December in the late afternoon. I ordered a glazed donut ($1.5) and a hot cocoa ($3.5). The hot cocoa had nothing to do with cocoa. In fact, it tasted like hot milk. I walked to the guy who prepared it and he told me that they use milk chocolate. Whatever the case may be, there is a huge difference between cocoa and milk and hot cocoa should not taste like milk. Basically, it was like a café au lait or a caffelatte. It was very disappointing and literally a waste of money (we did not even finish it - do not waste your money like we did).
The donut was good. I would have eaten more but one was good enough for tasting. The basic glazed and sugar donuts are decently priced. I would not order any other donuts because they are way too expensive. All in all the donut was good but the hot cocoa was a joke and a travesty.If you're on magazine street, this is the place to stop for coffee. 
This was the first place I've tried a Vietnamese coffee and instantly fell in love. 
I just LOVE this spot. They even added outdoor picnic tables so you can sit outside and enjoy your coffee.Love their coffee! Food not suitable for vegans, but they have milk substitutes. Had an oat milk latte and a vanilla oat milk latte while here visiting. They were both delicious, but I preferred the plain latte because the coffee was so yummy! Note: good lattes are not cheap :)I love this place and would normally give it 5 stars but can't bring myself to do so after eating the Praline Bacon, Egg, Cheese Biscuit - ahem, my favorite item on the District Menu.
My children and I occasionally stop into this District sub-spot on our way to school with anticipation. 
Whoa! Totally new menu - gone are the amazing hand pies that we loved and replaced with 10 different donuts. Okay,
no problem. But....those hand pies..... :(
Then I laid my eyes on the Praline Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit. Actually, it was the first thing I saw when I walked in. I LASER FOCUSED on the item, not noticing that the egg was, ummmmm, NOT what I'm used to at the MAIN District location.
This wasn't scrambled eggs either - this was (ohhh, I hate to say this), upscale version of McDonalds. 
The biscuit top was nothing like how it is at the main location either.  I looked at this food item and it stared dully back at me. I could just hear it whimpering, "please don't hate me," over and over.
So.....hungry as I was, I cut into it. Sigh....no runny egg. I did take a bite out of curiosity and was disappointed. Even a poached egg would have sufficed (in fact, I was hoping for a poached egg to save me from writing this review).
The praline bacon was amazing as usual, biscuit too. But gone are the days that they took a torch to anything to crisp it or warm it. My biscuit a la McDonalds was also warmed in similar fashion to McDonalds. Honestly, I don't mind waiting. Maybe I should change my rating to 3-stars. Ugh, I'm on the fence here.
Good points to mention: gone are the ridiculously small cups of espresso drinks that were priced ridiculously high.  Those have been replaced with 12 and 16oz cups. Good for you if you can drink 16oz of espresso, milk and sugar. I betcha you are an energetic bunny at work: go-go-go till ya drop and give me 20 (more shots of espresso).
This rating deserves a 3.5 - I say this because the staff admitted they are "streamlining" because they have expanded. Well, sorry not sorry - when you streamline you need to REMAIN CONSISTENT FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR CUSTOMERS.
Like me.
Sigh....
I miss your hand pies and over easy eggs in the Praline Bacon extraordinaire biscuit.Who doesn't love donuts in the morning? Or in the afternoon? Or for dinner, OK you know what I just love donuts. I was super excited to see that there is a donut shop located across the street from Whole Foods. I'll be honest, I went into whole foods to get a healthy breakfast and immediately left to go to District doughnut.
I was surprised to see that this location is extremely small. There is no where to eat inside either. I believe there was about six donuts to choose from when I went in. Nothing screamed my name, but that didn't stop me from ordering three donuts. I went with a cinnamon sugar doughnut, regular glazed donut, and a brown butter drop donut. Luckily the good thing about this place is three donuts cost me about seven dollars.
The brown butter drop was extremely hard. Have you ever ate something hard and it cut the roof of your mouth? That is exactly what happened when I ate that donut. I would probably not order this donut based on how hard it was. The cinnamon sugar donut was nothing special, your basic cinnamon and well sugar donut. Part of me wonders if I should've went with a more extravagant doughnut, maybe the bananas Foster, maybe the bacon? Either way, I probably won't be back to District doughnut. There was nothing that drew me in. However; if I was going to visit again I would definitely go to their other location that is much bigger.We've come here about once a week since they opened. They definitely have room for improvement and we keep going back hoping they get it because we really want to like this place. 
LOGISTICS: Assuming they continue to grow, the flow of people through the tiny place is going to need some work. One door should be for entering, the other for exiting and that should be fairly rigid. I don't know if they can do anything to keep people from consuming their purchases in the small space for flow of people but already we have felt cramped when lots of people are in there. If it's pretty outside, GO OUTSIDE to drink&eat. Thats what the seating outside is for and it's on both sides of the building. 
HANDPIES: These are very good but at $5-7, not a sustainable daily habit. The flavors have been interesting so far and in the short time they have been open, they are improving. The first one I had was undercooked in the middle, haven't had that problem since. Another of the first ones was too overstuffed to eat comfortably. A few weeks ago they had a strawberry avocado one that I could pretty much eat for three meals a day. Perfectly delicious. 
COFFEE: I like the cold brew. A dry cappuccino here is still pretty heavy though they are slowly improving their technique. It's definitely better untouched, meaning a shot of espresso or cold brew over ice. We probably won't keep coming here for coffee drinks...meeeh coffee. I imagine folks coming here because its close to Whole Foods. It was good but not worth $6 for a cup of joe...organic butter or not.WHY WASN'T I INFORMED ?!?!?
Quietly last August, ill-conceived and over-priced "District Hand Pies" folded and was mercifully replaced by its far superior sister company "District Donuts & Brew".
OUT: Hand Pies
IN: Donuts, Savories & Kolaches
KOLACHES WORTHY OF "ORIGINAL KOUNTRY"
bakery in Schulenberg, Texas, the heart of the klobasnek belt. Most importantly the dough is perfectly buttery like a Mrs. Schubert on steroids. The link sausage is spicy and pairs well with the melted cheese and slice of jalapeño. One is $3, but so good I actually rounded the block and bought another! (See pic)Super cute coffee bar and friendly staff. Coffee and breakfast sliders were delicious! Definitely coming back.Do yourself a favor and stop by this place if you are in the area (and even if you are not)!
We were looking for a place to get a quick bite to eat while waiting to visit the zoo. A quick search on Yelp found this place, and when I saw that they offered kolaches, I knew we had to go!
They had a nice assortment of biscuit and kolaches for breakfast, each made fresh daily and warmed up for you upon selection. We couldn't decide, so we got an assortment and sampled a little bit of each. The biscuits were soft and buttery, and the kolaches were just little bundles of heaven.They also have a different assortment of donuts every day, freshly made, and they all looked amazing.If I could, I would give this place no stars. They are beyond rude. Me and my family came in to order coffee and donuts as it was pouring rain outside and then as soon as we received our drinks and food they asked us to leave as we were taking up space inside. We were the only ones there.