Yummy! There isn't anything on the menu that I wouldn't order again. Expect a wait time, but it is only because their chicken is cooked fresh!I go here for lunch about once a week and must admit I have not tried either the chicken or the ribs.  What stands out most about this little gem is the family/friendly/how's ya mom n' em atmosphere and the homemade specials.  
I usually just order whatever the special is and have not been let down yet.  Day to day you can expect chicken or veal parm, hamburger steak, spaghetti and meatballs,  and other comfort food staples.  
Aside from the entrees, the sides really shine through.  I have never had green beans so delicious that I had to ask for a second helping.  Little bits of bacon and a buttery broth make vegetables yummy.  The cream spinach was like the most decadent spinach dip from an appetizer menu without all the baked cheese on top.  
I sit up at the little bar and enjoy my lunches, but I don't see it as a dinner or date destination.  It is what it is and what it is is delicious.  Try saying that sentence five times fast!First timer and I must say the service and food were great.  I'm a local and I've passed the place several times wanting to stop in. A friend recommended it and I was truly satisfied.I really enjoy this somewhat hidden gem. Used to frequent here when I worked in the area. The fried oyster Ceasar is wonderful! Oysters are always fresh and fried with the right amount of crunch. In fridays there is a stuffed shrimp special...pretty tasty too. Wait staff is super friendly!Dixie Chicken is my go to spot for fried chicken. It is fried to order and always comes out hot and crispy. Their batter recipe is awesome! The chicken is crispy and juicy but never greasy. Dixie is also good to go.Been there three times now and haven't found a single thing that wasn't delicious. The ribs were the best but we could go and just eat the sides too. Delicious vegetables and baked macaroni that rivals Rocky and Carlos'.I have heard about this place having the best fried chicken in the city.   SO I came in and ordered some.     I had some sweet potato fries while I waited, and I got my chicken to go.   it was crispy and crunchy, tasty and simple.   
I should have asked if they do spicy.     either way it was impressive.   she even said to not close the bag too tight to ruin the crisp on the chicken.
everyone in here looks happy, and joyful.   the service was quick, and she was very helpful with my order.    I want to come back now and eat there with the hubby.    maybe a few drinks, or beyond.   its all good to me.Dixie is very consistent and quite popular. Their specials are very good and very good values. If you like veggies, they have some great sides to go with solid entrees. Take out is really easy and the bar is popular too. Bets bets are Paneed chicken, white beans with pork chop, and the corned beef and cabbage. But like I said, the veggies rule - creamed spinach, green beans, white beans, smothered cabbage, dirty rice - all first class!  Owner is always there and makes it right. Parking is only drawback but manageable if resourceful!Had a really scary experience tonight at Dixie Chicken and Ribs LLC. I couldn't explain why I felt so anxious and why my heart was pounding at first. Everytime I looked up I could have sworn this old man at the end of the bar was glaring at me directly. I thought it was me being crazy. Waiting for our to go food, we sat at the bar and he starts muttering and saying threats about belting me and stabbing in the stomach. He was like 70 but looked like he was either employed there or associated in some way because he moved through the back service door to throw away his own beer bottle and went into a the kitchen a couple times without being accosted by the staff. A nice yat lady called attention to his aggression which kind of shook us out of trying to block him out and made us more aware that other people were also uncomfortable and it wasn't just us. Jorge made eye contact, crazy eyes, whatever this guy was threatening he meant it. Without getting our food yet, we ditched the bar area and moved towards the car. I recognized my body's physical response to the situation as being very similar to the time my ex and I were jumped back in Bangor, Maine. GTFO. After moving the car to a different parking lot, he went back in to express his concern to management. They seemed kind of toothless in the matter and whomever Jorge spoke to had an intense emotional response to his threat of calling the police on him (atypical of bartender/regular relationships as far as I know. makes me think it was someone related to or close to her personally). New Orleans friends: do you know anything about this guy or any similar experiences??I think they have THE ABSOLUTE BEST fried chicken! The skin was perfectly crispy and the inside was super juicy. I had the mashed potatoes as my side, and they were fluffy, buttery and homemade. The prices are reasonable which is another great plus. LOVE IT!My wife suggested Dixie, but I had never heard of the Lakeview eatery. It certainly doesn't look like much from the outside, but I was impressed by the time I left. Tasty seafood and fried chicken that may be a sneaky contender for the best in the city, Dixie exceeded my expectations. I'm sure I'll be back and would recommend anyone do the same. The location alone warrants a chance.Your typical southern faire featuring fried chicken and *insert other friable substances*. The tea is super sweet, as expected, and they do feature some quite delicious Cole Slaw and BBQ Beans. 
As a whole, Dixie C&R won't blow you away by any means. The service is solidly mediocre at times, and the food is nothing surprising. 
What they do well, though, is consistency. That same three star meal you had last time will be of the exact same quality the second time around.Driven by on Harrison many times and never saw this place... Ordered the chicken tenders and it came with 1 side -- I ordered the mashed potatoes. The tenders were perfect and they came with pretty standard honey mustard dipping sauce.  The potatoes were pretty good, but not my favorite. There was a reasonable wait time, but we were the only 2 people in the restaurant when we arrived due to rain. Service was great-- very quick and kind.The food is very good. Portions are a little small. But Everytime I go there I feel as if the service gets worse and worse. Nothing wrong with the waitresses, just that it usually takes over 30 minutes for me to get my food. Even if the food is good, definitely not worth the wait...Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. - if you haven't tried this place yet, you are missing out! They make the fried chicken to order so you will wait about 15 minutes after placing your request, which I think is great bc other chicken establishments usually cook in bulk and reheat. This chicken is piping hot, crispy and fresh. The atmosphere is old school New Orleans, no fuss simplicity. Oh! Get an order of the onion rings. You don't be disappointed.Went today with my brother, it's been well over a year since the last time I went because I'm never in that area but man after today I'm going to try and be in that area more! Had the Chicken and Rib Platter with mashed potatoes, corn and rolls at Dixie Chicken and Ribs! Soooooo good!!! The ribs were so tender and the chicken was seasoned very well. Staff was very friendly and got to us very quickly after we were seated. Nice little bar area with 2 video poker machines separate from main dining room. Perfect place to go eat for a family night out. My brother had the friend chicken and it did not disappoint either! Can't wait to go back!Forth time eating at this restaurant. Always had fried chicken but this time had shrimp po-boy. Excellent as has the chicken been in past. Awesome onion rings. Off the tourist path but worth seeking out.The hidden gem of Lakeview. I recommend their fall off the bone ribs, juicy baked dark meat chicken, and their crunchy chicken tenders. For sides, you can't go wrong with green beans, cabbage, or sweet potato fries.I haven't had fried chicken in probably 10 years, but being super pregnant sometimes means giving into cravings, and I've been drooling over fried chicken commercials for weeks now. So, off to Dixies we went. 
Besides the service being lack-luster (we got the "I'm not your waitress treatment too) and the dinner taking way longer than it should have, the fried chicken was just so so. Yeah, the skin was crispy and delicious, but the meat was kinda dry. 
I think next time, we'll get Popeyes.I work down the street, and this is one of our go-to stops; we don't let a month pass without going a couple of times. The fry chef here really does magical things. Everything fried here from paneed veal to chicken tenders to fried stuffed shrimp is really top notch. Good seafood gumbo, and a classic New Orleans sensibility to it make this place one not to miss.gumbo is great and the chicken ceasar is always good except they didnt spice the chicken today. the small children at the bar were annoying as hell!!!!This local lunch place is convenient to my work and the boss likes it, so I've eaten here several times. They've got everything you need, fried chicken and video poker!
The chicken Caesar salad was less desirable.  Bottled dressing and bland grilled chicken.  
I would like to try the fried chicken, but I get the sense that the two other reviews are shill.I have been to this restaurant many times, it's in my neighborhood, so I am a regular.  Besides having great fried chicken, ribs and an awesome hot sausage po-boy, every Thursday the owner makes a delicious spaghetti lunch and dinner.  The red gravy is delicious, but an even better topping, they make the biggest and most delicious meat balls in town.  (of course, I enjoy this meal second only to my wife's Italian cooking) but I highly recommend this local restaurant.This is a great little local place, although in a fairly lively restaurant district near City Park it's tucked behind a gas station so it is not obvious to see. The fried chicken was excellent, mashed potatoes unusually good, even the iced tea was a cut above normal.  While not fancy, the place is clean and neat and has a mostly quiet local clientele - not a noisy joint. They have beer and there is even a wine list which I did not expect for this sort of food - would like to try it next time as this time I had arrived with 3 beers down the hatch already. Service was friendly, and overall, great value for money. I would point out that it was not very fast to get my meal, but isn't that why we love the South??I actually created a Yelp account to complain about the service. I was about to walk out or throw my plate on the floor or something. 
When we got there, it was fairly busy, and it really didn't take long to get our drinks or have our order taken. We both got red beans, which were good, but took longer than I'd have expected. But it was busy, and more people were coming in so I was understanding. 
After we were finished eating, we'd been sitting there for about 5 minutes before I checked the time (I had to get back to work). So we waited. And kept looking at the clock. 5 more minutes. Both waitresses were bringing other people's bills and go boxes, busing tables, bringing people refills. Then 5 more minutes. The restaurant was clearing out by this point. More busing of tables and bringing other people refills. One new table came in, and they were seated, given menus, orders taken, and drinks served, but we continued to be invisible. 5 more minutes. I made eye contact with the waitress at least twice. I pushed my chair back, put my purse on the table -- clearly indicating that I was done. 5 more minutes. It had been over 20 minutes when finally my boyfriend managed to get her attention. At that point, she brought go boxes and the check pretty quickly, but I am so soured on the whole experience. I have no intention of returning.I've been wanting to try DCR for a while after hearing amazing things from some of my family.  So, my fiancee' and I ventured to Lakeview last weekend to try it out!
We split the 1/4 BBQ chicken and rib platter, sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes, baked beans, and potato salad.  It was all very good!  The chicken was juicy and had good seasoning and the bbq sauce was good.  The ribs practically fell off the bone, and again the seasoning and sauce were good.  My fiancee' absolutely loved the potato salad and mashed potatoes.  I loved the fries and beans.  Service was friendly, prices were decent, and all in all it was pretty darn good.Fried chicken is excellent but twice they have been out of it when I ordered it( I've been here 3 times) . They put sugar in everything -- salad dressing... Tomato sauce.  Service is efficient but most unfriendly!Excellent fried chicken!  Crispy and juicy.  Solid potato salad...I am a potato salad snob.  No pretense here, simple and to the point.   Good looking daily specials.  Menu is straight forward.  Can't wait to try the ribs!So this review is long overdue.
This was our first stop for dinner on our trip to New Orleans.
It's small & seems easy to miss, but trust me, you don't want to.
I ordered the shrimp poboy. The bread was fresh, the shrimp was well cooked & everything came together perfectly. Maybe because it was in New Orleans, but....this really was the best poboy I've had. Super yummy!
The table also ordered the red beans & rice. They absolutely loved it. Large portion & packed with flavour. 
If we ever go back to New Orleans, we will definitely stop back by here.I probably would have never come here had I not been invited here by a friend, but it was very tasty and good. I ordered very simple fare -- a chicken tender plate with french fries -- but sometimes the simple dishes are the best. Everything on the plate was delicious, and even after eating my fill, I still had plenty to take home to make a second meal out of it the next day. 
The table also ordered a plate of onion rings, which were particularly excellent. As onion rings go, they were lightly breaded---I would almost describe them as delicate, which is not an adjective I typically associate with onion rings---but still crispy and crunchy and perfect. Extra perfect, perhaps. They don't let you order them as a "free side" with regular entrees, and I can see why. But that's probably them doing you a favor -- once you have a single ring, you're probably going to want a full order of them.
Looking forward to coming back again!Service was ok, I'll give the waitress props for being accommodating to me when I changed from dine in to take out because my toddler started acting tired/grumpy.. but when my shrimp po-boy came out I was very disappointed in the size. For the price it should have been twice the size, or at least have included a side. It tasted fine, but I won't return.My boyfriend and I were looking for a new spot to try in Lakeview and a friend of his had recommended this local spot. We arrived and were promptly seated but it did take a while for our waitress to come get our drink and food order, something that would be a theme for our evening. The place filled up quickly after we arrived and she appeared to be the only person working 9-11 tables (with one other person delivering food only) so perhaps they were short staffed. 
I ordered the grilled chicken, mashed potatoes and green beans. The grilled chicken was lightly seasoned with "cajun spices" and was pretty forgettable. However, the mashed potatoes and green beans were incredible! My boyfriend ordered fried chicken which tasted much better than my healthy grilled chicken and a house salad, which was nothing special.
Overall, I would definitely go here again, hope that the service is better the second go round, and order the fried chicken!We went to Dixie's on our first night in New Orleans.  We had driven the "long" way from Biloxi, MS up Rte 90 so no where to grab a bite until we pulled into our Hotel and dropped off our bags.  Reviews were not bad.  Some folks had some complaints but not enough to deter us to give it a try.  I can say that we did not experience any of the issues mentioned here. We had been eating seafood all week and were ready for some southern comfort food and fried chicken sounded like a good idea.  This place is amazing. Service was quick, iced tea was great, and the atmosphere was laid back and friendly.  My husband and I both ordered the chicken and rib combo.  Food was hot and wonderful!  The chicken was a bit of a wait but well worth it.  Hot, moist on the inside and crispy on the outside. Obviously right out of the fryer and onto the plate. Ribs were fall off the bone with a sweet bbq glaze.  I had cole slaw which was creamy and fresh, corn was "okay", I'm used to sweet corn and this wasn't, but I had enough going on that it wasn't a great loss.  Mashed potatoes were hot and creamy and I was wishing I had more room to eat more.  Needless to say my husband and I left stuffed and happy and wishing we were back in New Orleans for another dose of Chicken from Dixie as soon as we got back home to Denver.  Would definitely go there again if ever in the area.  Might have to come up with an excuse to go back to New Orleans just to stop in again.  Forget the Gumbo, get Chicken at Dixie's!!The BEST bbq i have ever eaten. 
The chicken was a bit small, but it was super succulent.  The onion rings are the best i have ever had.  They remind me of the old Popeyes onion rings.  The ribs were unuctious  and were well sauced. The coleslaw was ice cold and delicious.Great Fried Chicken. Fantastic service. Tried this place after some friends recommended it and was glad I did.You have to try this place. The rib plate was so delicious. The ribs were tender, the  meat falling off of the bones, juicy and well sauced. The waitress serviced the table well, never leaving the drinks empty for long. She was well attentive. I will go back to satisfy my BBQ craving! You should too!Cold bread -no butter, cold mashed potatoes, warm corn on the -no butter ..... didn't eat rotisserie chicken.As a parent of a young boy that doesn't like to sit still very long, I tend not to eat out as much as I used to.  However, as of lately, now that my son is getting a "little" older, we have started to venture out again.  Although I have dined at Dixie Chicken & Ribs several times in the past, it has been a while since my last visit.  When faced with a choice of where to eat, I sometimes forget about Dixie, as it is not easily visible from Harrison Avenue.
But our most recent visit has reinvigorated my interest in this restaurant.  The restaurant is casual and inviting, and the décor "almost" lends a slightly upscale feel.  The dining room is modestly sized and there is an attached bar with additional bar seating as well.  By 6 PM, especially on a Friday or Saturday, this place fills up quickly, so keep that in mind unless you want to wait for a table.
I have eaten several items from the menu and have yet to be disappointed.  
Fried catfish:  Just a little bit of spice lets you know you're in the South.  It's just enough heat to let you recognize it, but not enough to be an issue for kids or people with sensitive stomachs.  Kudos to getting the breading just right.  Served as strips rather than filets.
Grilled catfish: A little bit of pepper goes a long way to make this grilled option delicious.  I like that they give you 2 nicely sized filets.
Onion rings: Hand cut, big and seasoned perfectly.  This is a great appetizer.
Kids chicken strips:  In my opinion, these is one of the best kids' meals in the city.  This aint no frozen chicken, but rather juicy strips of sliced chicken breasts.  In fact, it's almost enough for an adult too. 
Fried chicken:  Perhaps not an award winning chicken, but it holds its own against some of the city's more popular offerings.  The pieces are always hot, juicy and nicely sized.
Hot sausage poor boy:  Another solid offering that won't steer you wrong.  Not sure if it's home made, but it may possibly be Patton's hot sausage, which is no slouch.
I have been very fortunate in that my last few visits, Julie has been my server.  Julie is a great server.  Even when the restaurant is full, she picks up her pace so that she covers all her tables with the same level of attentiveness as you would expect when the restaurant is not crowded.  I would definitely ask to be seated in her section, as a great server will make your food experience even better.Fantastic food, but soooooo sloooooooooow. Every time. The food takes an incredible amount of time to be served after ordering. Generally good service, and great food, just frustratingly slow. Also, as a former server, 7 tables per server (2 servers for the entire resturant) during peak dinner rush is too much for anyone to provide quality attentive service. Could be great but don't go hungry or you'll be upset by the time the food comes out. I'll close on a good note....Favorite dishes: Paneéd chicken, sausage patty Poboy, shrimp poboy.My, oh my, Bessie, this place has AWESOME Chicken..
Light, crispy, juicy, hot and tender.
This place is what Fried Chicken was meant to taste like.
Blows all the others out of the water.
THe wait for a table can sometime be a little longer than some, but much faster than at Chases.
This is a GREAT NOLA establishment, and for the most part, a hidden Gem..
Come here, try the chicken, lich your fingers, eat your plate, kiss your server,
and let me know how you like the experience..
Trust me folks, I did not get the way I am by not knowing good foor..
YOur Big Easy Daddy..
JimSuper tasty chicken and ribs. Great for takeout since the chicken sometimes takes a while.The food is usually good, but the last 3 times I was in they are always out of something.  Seems as though they have very poor ordering.  Another thing they could improve on is that they have 12 tables and two servers. I have seen people just get up and leave from not being waited on.  This place has the potential to be great, but they are on autopilot.I'm torn because, while I genuinely like the food, the service is really hit or miss. The waitstaff has always been very polite, but like other posters have said it can take over 25 minutes to get your food. Also, don't try and call an order in to pick up. Just don't. It leads to you slowly losing your mind as you stand there for over 20 minutes (after waiting the standard 15-20 to even leave the house) hoping that one day you'll get your food. I've tried leaving the house later, leaving it earlier, saying a prayer, etc but no matter what you still wait 20 minutes at least.I came here for a quick bit with my Mom and brother.  The place was packed and obviously understaffed.  I saw some friends at the bar and went to say hi.  They had the bar tender who was hosting, bar tending and waiting on tables.  I looked at her and with an attitude she said I am doing everything I can.  Well, I don't need to be talked and being rude to a customer.  So we left.  I will NEVER return!  There's a reason why your reviews are poor!Order some of their fried chicken to go. Amazing! Crispy and juicy! Wonderful mashed potatoes and Debris gravy. The corn On the cob was bland and watery but the rest of the order was Incredible. Typically we eat at the restaurant but did a To go order this time and the food was still perfect.The food is amazing, but the service is awful. My boyfriend and I sat for over ten minutes at a table without being acknowledged. I had to get up and get our menus and then the waitress finally came over to us and asked for our drinks.Incredibly satisfying, juicy chicken with a super crispy outer layer! They stayed hot from when they were picked up and brought all the way home. 
The food at Dixie Chicken and Ribs is very reasonably-priced with about $20 paying for a 12-piece box of chicken.  The 12 pieces includes 4 breasts (makes for very generous portions), so it was too much for my boyfriend and me to finish in one meal.  I know most people don't enjoy leftover fried chicken, but we thoroughly enjoyed popping the leftovers in the oven the next day to finish it up (the oven is superior to the microwave to keep it crispy)!
We also got a small side order of corn on the cob.  That was buttery, sweet, and yum!
My only complaint that makes this review four stars instead of five stars was that I wish the batter had more seasoning.  The crispy-ness of the batter was superb, but I wish it had a bit some zing and pep to the flavor.
Overall, a wonderful comfort food eatery!Called an order in that should have been ready in 15 minutes. I arrived in 20 and still had to wait another 20 minutes. The roast beef sandwich was sloppy and wet and the bread had to be thrown away.This is regular spot at least once a week for us.I was truly disappointed in the service that I received as well as the flavor of the food. Our server was not on her game never seen this young lady before but she would take an order and then ask it two more times she argued with a customer about their order the lady pleased with her and cleaned that's not what she ordered I was appalled that she did that to the customer. My paneed chicken was very salty as well as the macaroni and cheese I was trying to return the macaroni but I couldn't get the servers attention. I was just totally surprised today!Very good chicken and potatoe salad! I would buy again! Hubby loved it! Made hot and fresh to order!How have we overlooked this place? I must drive  by 3 times a week. Parking can be a challenge on school days though. Very nice decor and friendly people. 
We ordered the chicken fingers, mashed potatoes, and cold slaw. These were the lightest, most flavorful chicken fingers I have ever had. Lightly battered and cooked perfectly. The dish is served with honey mustard dipping sauce and pairs very well.
Note, the standard order of fingers with a single side and a mini roll will fill you up. The mashed potatoes are topped with a dollop of gravy and the coleslaw is excellent. Nice flavor and not too much dressing.
There is much more on the menu so check their website. Besides eating there, you can phone in an order and pickup.