Dolce Vita is a small restaurant near the French Quarter (right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line) that has, hands down, the best pizza I've had in a really long time.  They had quick service, the prices can't be beat, and the pizza is simply amazing.  Stopped in with my wife and 18month old daughter during lunchtime on a Saturday.  Nice atmosphere and kid-friendly.  Enjoyed the quieter area of NOLA after spending the morning and day prior wandering through the French Quarter.  Employees were very helpful and made the place even better.  You have to stop by if you visit NOLA!! Try the Bianca and Margherita...superb!Live in the building where they have their business, would think this would be totally convenient...no! they decided to close early one night for the Mardi Gras parade even though their hours are supposed to go until 12am, and so rude and so unaccommodating about it would think this would be the one time they would stay open late! totally lost our business....One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten. The crust is light with just the right amount of crunch. The sauce was delicious. Can't wait to go back.The lunch wedge special is the perfect size at a reasonable price. Loooove the house dressing.The décor and ambience is minimal but everyone's got a budget so I understand focusing on the food.  Tortelloni pasta on an initial visit was pretty good, although 5 pieces of pasta doesn't exactly make a meal but any place with homemade pasta generally makes me happy because I'm usually too lazy to make my own.  Penne with vodka sauce on a more recent visit was quite good although the penne wasn't homemade and the prosciutto which we expected to be diced was actually the same thin slices you would expect on a pizza.  A bit clunky for a pasta and there were maybe 3 mushrooms in the entire dish but the vodka sauce was good and it was enjoyable overall.
The name of the restaurant, however, says Wood Fired Pizza so that's going to be the key to their success.  On my first try, the pizza crust wasn't very exciting but on subsequent visits it has been much better includng a really good special with chicken, pesto, etc. which was a bit more subtle than most of the pizzas here and was outstanding.  Topping combinations on the standard pizza menu are somewhat limited so I would like to see more options including some artisan or Neapolitan specialties but if you like meat on your pizza you'll be pretty happy with the menu options.  They've also got a couple pastas, salads, and "sandwiches" to go with about 6 different pizza combinations so you can definitely get a pretty good meal regardless of what you order.
Pizzas are decent size so you're unlikely to come away hungry despite the thin crust and at lunch you have the option of a "wedge" (1/4 of a pizza) of margherita for only $3.00 or an upcharge to $3.50 for pepperoni or the special of the week.  The people are friendly, the food is good, and you can have a good meal without breaking the bank so I'm going with 4 stars for Dolce Vita but keep in mind it's a casual place without much decoration and I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for a romantic date night.
Note that as of March 25 they offer delivery too!I absolutely love this place. I'm a NYC pizza snob, but this place does an *amazing* individual pizza. Their specials, be it pizza, pasta, or risotto are always incredible. It's clear that they use fresh ingredients and take care in what they bring you. The owner is incredibly friendly. It's definitely a spot I'll hit up often! Wonderful!!!!Love Love Love...The Milano wood-fired pizza paired with a Greek Salad is perfection.Here for an event and mother/daughter weekend and ended up sick. After checking reviews we ordered a pep for delivery not one night but the following night too. Fresh and delicious!We were in town just a few days and wanted a quick and easy dinner.  The wings are to die for...everyone must get these wings! We did a traditional sausage pizza and this was amazing.  The delivery was a little slow but coming from Chicago where everything is fast paced this was just a little bump in the experience. At the end of the day the food made up for itself. Next time we are in town we will be back!We were greeted by a very friendly gentlemen named Lindsey. He helped us choose a good wine and beer and off we went. The chicken wings were good, the Florence pizza was great, and the Diablo sandwich was AMAZING! Marriage material. Very good deal and great location for non locals because it's on the streetcar route.We ordered the Milano pizza. The service was great the pizza had a butter flavor and I wish I could have one delivered twice a week to my home 400 miles awayWORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!
I called Sunday at 730pm to see if they are open given it's Easter Sunday. The guy answers, "Yeah, but we might close an hour or so early depends on if it's busy. So like 845-9pm." 
So I make sure my bf and I call in our order for pick-up early at 8pm. He says it might take awhile, like 30 minutes. We said that's fine.
Given its high Yelp reviews and my liking for thin crust pizza, I was excited to try this for my final meal in NOLA (had my share already of all the typical Creole food already). My bf and I start walking towards the sketchy neighborhood this pizza shop is, and we finally get there 15minutes later.
We walk to counter, and the guy says, "sorry we are closed". I mention that we already placed an order 30 minutes ago, and he says "oh I'm sorry, but we ran out of pizza dough....it was a very busy night and I'm the only one working."
WHAT?!?!? Looking around, there were only 3 tables with customers! Just an hour ago he was gonna close shop early cuz of lack of business. So I said, "ok....is there ANYTHING you can make for us? We walked all the way here and it's our last meal in NOLA." He apologized and said no. He tried to offer voucher for free pizza in future, but useless for us as we are leaving tomorrow. I'm sure he could have made us a sandwich, pasta, or even a salad, all of which were on the menu, and did not require the missing pizza dough, but his answer was simply "No."
So we left very upset. As we walked out, we saw the delivery boy coming in. So apparently if we had asked for delivery they would have saved enough dough for us! But calling in order, he didn't even have the graciousness to call us and let us know he was unable to make the pizza and spare us a trip!
I'm sure the employee was simply lazy and wanted to head home early on Sunday night.
This experience leaves me with a lousy last impression of NOLA, and I rarely write reviews, but I felt this one was much much much deserved!
I'm sure Chef B makes one amazing pizza, but he needs to find better staff members! Didn't catch his name, but it was that one employee working Easter Sunday 2014....Yummy yummy! Andddd they deliver to the Marriott on canal ... The driver was so nice and courteous about everything - from my order to delivery during insane convention traffic.Dolce Vita hit all the right notes with me! It was delicious and affordable, so I don't understand why it was empty on a Friday afternoon.
My co-worker and I ordered an eggplant focaccia sandwich and a meatball focaccia sandwich and split both. The bread was very much like naan; it was soft but with nicely charred spots on the outside.
The eggplant was perfect. The meatball was great, two big meatballs in each half. Would suggest cutting the meatballs in half before putting it on the bread, just to make it a little easier to eat. That's the only criticism I have for it!
It came with a side order of potato chips, sprinkled with truffle oil and fresh parmesan cheese. What a treat from the usual boring french fries! 
The place is clean and the owner is kind and friendly. We will definitely be back!We just finished devouring another pepperoni pizza from Dolce Vita and let me just say, it was INCREDIBLE. My boyfriend said it best, "You know, it's not very often that I finish eating a pizza and immediately have the urge to call and order more of the exact same thing. But that's exactly how I feel right now." 
Not gonna lie, Chef Bogdan makes a killer pie.I love, love, love pizza!  I rarely meet a pizza that I don't like, but at the same time, I rarely find one that absolutely wows me.  
The pepperoni pizza blew me away.  I LOVE this pizza!  The crust is thin with a slight crispiness to it, thanks to their authentic brick oven.
You can tell that the ingredients are high quality, which is really important!  I don't know where they get their pepperoni, but it's amazing!Excellent pizza, with online ordering! I've ordered delivery from here five times now, and I must say the pizza is delicious. I've only ordered pepperoni, but the crust and the sauce are both tasty, so I'm sure their other varieties are just as good. The online ordering process is very easy, and the pizza has always been delivered (Uptown) within a half-hour. Highly recommended.I read about this place in the lagnaipe today. So a friend of mine and myself went to check it out. I wasn't displeased. The food was fantastic. We had both the pepperoni and margheritta pizza. Both were exceptional. The sauce was spiced well and the pepperoni tasty. I was thoroughly pleased with my experience. The owner was nice and willing to talk, which is always a plus for me. The inside of the restaurant is clean, and the decor suits the space well. I really liked the repurposed tables. A great experience and great food lead to a great timeThis is the first review I've ever left in yelp...that's how bad this place is.  I live a half mile from it. First of all they ask you to tip the driver before, which I thought was odd, but later found out was bc they suck. 
It took them 1 hour and 30 minutes before I called  the guy who said he was on his way. After 2 hours I called back and finally cancelled and asked for a refund. Keep in mind this place is .5 miles away and it was 1 o'clock on a Sunday. 
I've called back twice after not receiving my refund that he said he'd give me after my miserable experience and I still haven't gotten refunded. 
Never go to this place. 
Seriously. Don't do it.Been here a few times now...and its good, real good.  To be truthful, I was hoping it wouldn't be so I could just focus on the handful of pizza joints I already like, but now I gotta factor in this place as well when deciding on pizza.  I guess it's a good problem to have, but wouldn't life be easier if there were like just two places to go?  And Slice is close by as well, which is also great, but not brick oven.  
But when I am looking for no nonsense brick oven pizza Dolce is the place to go.  There aren't any crazy flavors (for that go to Pizza Dominica) but just quick, delicious, and traditional brick oven pizza.  The oven is so hot the pizza cooks in a few seconds, so you always get it fast and piping hot.  The crust is thin and crispy and the sauce is spot on.  
The owner is a pretty cool euro dude who is always blaring euro disco (the kind I grew up with...think Jamiroquai or Erasure) and always seems to give me some sort of grief when I stop in...which I love since I don't really know him.  
If your in the area or driving through stop and get a pie...you will be glad you did.Best delivery pizza in the area by far. I've had the garlic bread, margarita pizza, pepperoni pizza, and Sicily pizza. All delivery. They tasted great and I would give 5 stars, but they always forget an ingredient. Last time they forgot the basil on the margarita as well as the basil we added to the pepperoni and this time they forgot the bourbon glaze on the Sicily. The garlic bread was very bland - maybe they forgot the garlic. Just annoying when it's delivery. Other than forgetting ingredients 2 out of 2 times, it's good.I got is delivered and it was pretty fast.  I got the Meat Lovers pizza (yes I know that is not what they call it but it is what pizza hut has ingrained in my brain from when i was 10) and my lady got the veggie pizza.  
The meat pizza was very salty but I believe that is because one of the meats is salt curred.  It was pretty good but I wish it were less salty.  
The veggie pizza had truffle oil on it which was pretty interesting but veggies are not my thing for pizza.  My lady like it but was more excited about the movie we were watching.  
The pizzas are too small to share (unless you are all females; i dont mean that to be sexist; yall just eat less)
If I was in the area and in the mood for pizza I would go there and be satisfied.  I would get a plain cheese pizza or pepporoni.  I was happy with the pizza but not excited.  I wouldn't get it delivered again; something seems wrong about getting fancy wood fired pizza delivered...We don't have many neapolitan pizza choices in New Orleans. Most of the pizza in town is too doughy for my tastes.  I was so happy to find Dolce Vita. Fantastic pizza. Perfect.  Reasonable pricing. We will definitely be back.I lived in Napoli for 10 years, when I returned home my wife and I missed the pizza most. Now we can have it any time. Best pizza in Louisiana.Not good. We sat and waited for someone to take our drink order. We had to get our own menus and ask a waiter for drinks. Pizza was not very good, the meat tasted off. Too bad.Best pizza I have ever had!! The crust is the perfect combination of thick/thin and chewy/crunchy. I have had almost all the pizzas, the Milano my favorite. All the pizzas are made with just the right amount of toppings and sauce so you can actually taste the crust and all of the fresh ingredients. This is one of those places where less is more, good pizzas shouldn't be and don't have to be loaded down with toppings. If you are wanting a pizza with a meh crust, extra cheese/toppings and generic sauce go to Pizza Hut.not impressed.  57$ for blah, limited sauce, unremarkable crust, stingy with the cheese.  try another.Just came back from there and I am impressed. The crust is light and airy, and has great flavor. I had the meat pizza, the meat was very high quality. Definitely the only pizza place Ill eat at in this town, some of the best Ive ever eaten. The owner is hilarious he jokes around with customers and that right there even if the pizza wasnt great like it was would make me return. Good job Chef, see you soon.Just went here for lunch. Really excellent pizza with a wood burning oven. Italia style.Tried take-out from Dole Vita this weekend, and we really enjoyed the food.
We tried:
Roma
Margherita
Florence
Sicily
And then the Tiramisu (with whipped nutella cream!) for dessert was the perfect way to end the meal.Just ordered dolce vita and it is so so good! We ordered a half Milano, half Tuscany pizza and the wedge salad, and they actually delivered a whole Tuscany pizza, but when we told them, the delivery driver called the restaurant and they started making our correct order while he went back to get it, AND he let us keep the wrong pizza. The delivery guy was so nice about it too! And on top of that, the pizza and salad are both amazing. I'll definitely be ordering from here regularly now.Order came one hour late and the food was cold and undercooked. My toddler cousins could have made the food better than Dolce Vita. Man, I logged into yelp after a year so I could write this review.The menu sounds good as are the ingredients and the employees.  The food, wings and the meatiest pizza were totally unseasoned.  The chicken was tender.  The pizza; something is wrong with the pizza. Either the oven temperature, the dough or something.  The bottom of the pizza was charred which was good but the middle was raw dough.  They put it back in the oven and offered to remake it,  but it didnt help enough for me to give the doggy bag to the homeless outside.  Im sorry for this review as I wanted it to be a new favorite place.  Im sure they are only following a bad recipe. I hope it changes to when it was getting better reviews.Incredible food and service. I called 20 minutes before they were open to place a delivery order and the chef accepted with no slight in his voice.This is a great new addition to the New Orleans pizza scene! We had three pizzas and they were all awesome! The place could use a little more ambiance. However what it lacked in visual, it more than made up for in excellent food, friendly staff and a super awesome owner who is really passionate about pizza and making sure his customers love every bite. We certainly did! And a true test to pizza greatness is how is tastes cold the next day - Dolce Vita - still super yummy!we had the caesar salad and the margherita pizza. Amazing. Super friendly staff, very passionate about their pizza and a wonderful atmosphere. I never write yelp reviews, but the deserve the good publicity.Food was good - service wasn't so much, but she was new so I didn't rate them poorly because of that.  But the appetizer came out with the pizzas and came with a tiny side of dipping sauce. We asked for more in order to finish the rest of the bread and were charged $1.50 extra and she asked if I wanted more soda - then charged for that too! Not that I care about $3 - but it's the principle (I think you should have to tell me it will cost more) Also they ran out of their only dessert :(  Sorry we took an $8 can ride to get there!Had a late night pizza there on a Sunday night.  Never would have thought that I would be able to get a pizza of that quality at 11 PM on a Sunday night, and for the same price as Pizza Hut or some other pizza place.
Got a half Margherita half Pepperoni and both sides of the pizza did not disappoint. The ingredients were very fresh and the pizza was cooked perfectly.  No heavy slice of bread like crust.  
Other than the soda machine not having any carbonation it was all in all a pleasant experience.  I will definitely be going back again.Having the chef special today spectacular!!!! The service was great and the special was truly inventive and all about the ingredients. If u want something both delicious and different this is the place. They also have a great selection of draft beer and wine another wonderful pizza!! This time in August  this is a must try for this neighborhoodOkay so here's the deal. This place used to be amazing. It was a hidden gem that I told everyone I knew about, until Chef Bogdan moved on. WOW has this place gone down hill.  We went from ordering 1-2 times a week to as of tonight, never again.  The last 5 orders have had issues.  I need to point out that I am not super picky and worked in the restaurant industry years...shit happens.  This is my first actual review on yelp because this place has proven to be consistently off.  New management changed around so many things but failed to change the menu.  False advertising.  I even spoke to her on the phone about issues with an order and she assured that next time she would make sure it was perfect. Nope. The delivery driver even told me tonight how sorry he was that my $12 salad had barely any shrimp. He said that he tried to add more but the manager wouldn't let him and that she personally prepared it.  His service is consistently the only positive part of the experience.  Never again.  What a waste of what was once such a great place.Ordered a couple of pizzas for dinner for delivery. The pepperoni and Tuscany were mediocre and didn't have a lot of toppings on either pizza. The size of the pizzas were what other places would call small or medium. Overpriced for what you pay for. The pepperoni had zero sauce and minimal cheese. The Tuscany had little pork and very little cheese and barely any sauce which tasted like honey mustard. Crust was burnt on parts of both pizzas. Was 5 minutes from the restaurant, took around an hour to deliver. Would not eat here again.Outside of Chicago and NYC, this is the best pizza I've ever had. Ordered the pepperoni and the meat was thick and delicious. The crust was crisp and the sauce just the right amount of sweet.Went there on a recent trip to NOLA and was beyond impressed. Being from NYC I have had my share of delicious pizza but seriously this was by far some of the best pizza I  had ever had! They stick to the basics here and it is def worth the visit. And even better the people who work there are as nice as pie so def check this place out next time you are in the neighborhood!The house salad was colorful and good.  The spinach and goat cheese salad was good but spinach needed to be cleaned more.  It felt gritty.  The crust is thin.  Pepperoni pizza was well covered with pepperoni. The Naple pizza was ok.  The staff was friendly.Best thin-crust pizza my partner & I ever tasted.   We had one pizza delivered when we first arrived in New Orleans for our vacation last week.   Absolutely loved it!   Had lunch there a few days later, trying out a few more of their pizza options.  
Ingredients are very fresh.   Crust is great.   Both traditional & unique varieties offered were excellent.    I wish there was one closer to home!Very good pizza, fair price, and super service !!Mmmm, soooo good. 
First time I've ever tried this place. Normally I can't stand thin crust but ohhh this is good. Better even than Papa John's (my previous favorite). Real Italian pizza made in a wood fired stove by a guy that's obviously a real Italian (talk to him). 
The restaurant is lacking in decoration but I don't see why that would be a big deal. The food speaks for itself. 
Gimme more!I'm pretty in love with this place. I would have dreams of this pizza while I was deployed. It's amazing. My favorites are the simplest ones: the Pepperoni and the Margherita. I also enjoy the Naples, Tuscany and Milano but for me, the less ingredients the better. Pizza and service are both consistently good. Probably my favorite pizza place at the moment.A few months ago, myself and company tried to go to Domenica for some pizza. But they were closed for renovations so I looked to Yelp to find the nearest pizza joint. We decided to give Dolce Vita a chance and it wasn't bad at all. 
We all wanted beer on tap, but the owner himself suggested that they were too foamy at the moment so we got beer by the bottle. We then started with the wedge salad with the spicy chipotle and toblerone. Wow. Best wedge salad I've had up to date. My boyfriends cousin has even tried to recreate the salad himself but it wasn't as good. We then ordered 3 pizzas, which in my opinion was too much for just 4 people.. but we still dominated it with probably 3 slices left over. The wood oven used it great because I kind of expected the pizzas to burn a little but they didn't. We had the margherita, pepperoni, as well as the milano wood fired pizza. All were amazing and exceeded beyond my expectations. We even had desserts. We had nutella tiramisu which were very fluffy and flavorful. 
Overall great experience. I even received 10% off by checking into their place on Yelp. For the amount of food(and beer) we ordered, the price was acceptable. Great quality in everything they do. And if you question the quality, the owner once worked for John Besh at Domenica and I am sure he believes in great quality.Absolutely delicious pizza! Quality ingredients and the wood burning Neapolitan style stove make this pizza the best around! Chef Bogdan and his sous chef Jeremy are extremely friendly and made the experience very enjoyable. Try the solo carne pizza and the veggie pizza, and make sure to top it off with the Nutella tiramisu. We will be back.Stopped in for a late dinner with my boyfriend. We're always looking for delicious pizza to try around town and we had high hopes for Dolce Vita after reading stellar reviews on Yelp. We started with the Vesuvius wedge salad which was definitely unlike any wedge we had ever had! The shaved chocolate was an interesting touch and overall it was pretty tasty. We had our sights set on the Venice pizza judging from the rave reviews of various Yelpers.  While we absolutely loved the flavor profile, especially the cured meats and balsamic reduction drizzle, we were very disappointed with the texture of the pie. The various vegetables exuded a lot of juice during the cooking process, making the crust soggy/floppy from the liquid that pooled in the middle of the pizza. Our experience, however, was enjoyable thanks to the awesomely attentive service and the 10% discount we got by checking in on Yelp. Overall, it's a decent pizza joint that can easily be bumped up to 4 star status with a slight improvement in execution.My family were customers for DV when he had the food truck in Baton Rouge.  Getting out of the food truck business and opening a permanent location was both a sad and happy thing.  Sad because we couldnt get his pizza more locally, but happy that he's been successful in growing his business and giving another city a taste of his awesome pizza.  On a whim, we decided to drive down to New Orleans today, just to ride around, but for sure knew we'd be stopping in to check out the place and finally satisfy my craving for a true wood fired pizza.  Always the best ingredients...simple and amazing!!  His pizza sauce is just absolutely mouth-watering.  I love the margherita but we also love his special concoctions.  Chef Bogdan definitely knows his ingredients.  The crust is amazing!  You will not be disappointed!!The salad I had wasn't good at all, it's probably out of the bag, I also ordered Parmesan wings and they were okay and the pizza was pretty good. It was an okay experience.Having the chef special today spectacular!!!! The service was great and the special was truly inventive and all about the ingredients. If u want something both delicious and different this is the place. They also have a great selection of draft beer and wine.The ownership and chef have changed at Dolce Vita Pizzeria and they re-opened recently after also doing some renovation.  On a first visit since the renovation everything was even better than before!  A weekly special Curry pizza with chicken and vegetables was awesome - though possibly a bit spicy for some it was one of the better curries I've had in a while (I know, NOLA is pretty much devoid of good curry but this includes other cities as well).  We also wanted to try the fennel sausage which is new on the "Create Your Own Pizza" menu and decided to get a Margherita pizza with sausage added - perfect crust, great ingredients, lots of flavor.
The space has been changed to add a bar which has 6-8 seats, a couple TVs, and quite a few [mostly local] beers on tap.  The dining area with about 10 tables is separated slightly now with a vertical rack holding wood logs by the door - and it seems to work better than previously.  There's also true table service now plus you don't have to fill your soft drinks at the service fountain which was always a bit strange/unsanitary in the past.
It's clear the staff is still getting up to speed after the changeover but the chef has already hit his stride and the new incarnation of Dolce Vita appears much improved.  In my opinion the pizza now appears to rival Domenica as the best in town - Domenica still has a better atmosphere and more pizza/pasta options but the pizzas we tried the other night would match up with pretty much any wood fired pizza in the country.  Nice job, we'll definitely be back!Dumb mistake, made up my own pizza for delivery. So it got here in okay timing, but adding the zucchini/eggplant mix was a bad idea. It was so soggy I thought it wasn't cooked! But I called to complain and they are sending me a new one; I'll stick to the menu from now on. Usually everything is awesome otherwise!Ordered a Greek salad and it was made with iceberg lettuce. Wtf?? And it came out after we had finished our pizza already. Ordered an appetizer too which came out after we finished the salad! Pizza was good though but not worth being forgotten about even though we were the only table in there!I wish that I could give them more stars but unfortunately the person who handled my order over the phone the last time that my ordered from them has caused to cross this place of my places I will eat.
I have eaten here several times and the pizza has always been good.  The pizzas have never disappointed me but the last time I placed a delivery order with them the person I spoke to was very rude.
I called and ordered a pizza and wings and was then called back some time later to tell me that the wings were sold out and I had to make a substitution for something else.  Then when my food arrived my pizza was cold and they had forgotten parmesan cheese, which I specifically asked for.
When I realized that the parmesan cheese had been forgotten I called back to ask if there was anything that could be done and the person was very rude.  He said the only thing that could be done was another delivery man come and deliver me a side a parmesan, which would have only caused my pizza to become colder.  I asked if there was any way to get a replacement order at a later period and he was very rude in saying no there was nothing that he could do.
Sorry to them, but I will never be giving my money to Dolce Vita Pizzeria again.A lot of reviews either don't know good food or just want free food... the service and food (Pizza, chicken wings, mozzarella sticks and spinach artichoke dip) was GREAT!!!! We will definitely be returning!!!!Great People, great atmosphere, tremendous food.  A true 'find'.  Loved everything about it and the owner was terrific to chat with.  The service was fast and accurate, and the prices are fair.  Perfect amount of wood char on the pizza.  Thin yet it holds up to the toppings.  Good beer choices to compliment the pizza.  Terrific wedge salad - spicy!  Shared the Nutella dessert 3 ways and it was a nice finish.  Will definitely be back whenever in NOLA.  Keep it going!Great thin crust. Delicious simple fresh ad was very accommodating even during madness of Mardi Gras. Will be back as always. Yummo bravo!!!Dolce Vita is a super fun pizza place. I visited on a Sunday and there weren't many people, which was nice. Ordered a pepperoni pizza and a few salads. Everything tastes wonderful, I really liked the crust of the pizza. 
Happy hour specials everyday from 4-7, $10 for a pepperoni pizza!I just receive my delivery. We orderd the Florence Pizza and the Greco salad. I never write reviews but I'm compelled to write one tonight. The pizza has roasted eggplant sauteed mushrooms ect... it's absolutely delicious! are salad arrived cold the pizza hot. Everything is fresh! We normally oder from slice but we wanted something different tonight. I'm definitely never going back to slice after this meal. I'm extremely impressed. Thank you! Y'all know what you're doing!I really like this place and not just because Bogdan is a fellow Romanian! I had eaten at his food truck in Baton Rouge many months ago and remembered it being quite good so once I heard that he had a spot in New Orleans I had to check it out. I had the Bianca and my roommate had the Margherita. Both were delicious! We especially enjoyed the thin crust, and the cheese was excellent. The food left me satiated for a long time. I did not have enough room for dessert but nutella tiramisu sounds amazing so I will definitely leave room the next time I come here. Bogdan is so friendly and really wants everyone to have a good time and leave happy. He told us about some new dishes he is going to try to make that sound fab. One star off for decoration, but they haven't had their grand opening yet so we'll see how that improves over time. It was pretty busy on a Saturday night so people seem happy. I will definitely be making this a regular pizza place. A great addition to the downtown pizza scene!Best wood fired pizza I've had! This was our first stop upon arriving in NOLA and it was perfect. Truffle chips, eggplant parm focaccia, and the roasted vegetable pizza were all delicious. Highly recommend.We didn't want to eat at the WW II museum so we decided to take a break and walk the 3 or so blocks to Dolce Vita.  After we were done eating we all agreed that we made a very smart decision to go there.
First off, we have food allergies to deal with (dairy and peanuts).  The cook was so open to do what he could to make sure my son got a great pizza that was safe for him - cheese-less of course.  He explained the ingredients in the dough and pizza sauce, washed counters, utensils, whatever he needed to do to make a safe experience for us.
The pizza itself is very good.  All 3 of my kids said it was the best they'd ever had!!!  The crust is thin and was cooked just right.  The sauce isn't like the chain pizza place sauces -  a little more sweet and not as heavy.  I didn't think the Italian meats were too salty, but maybe my old taste buds aren't as sensitive as they used to be.
Anyway, if i'm ever back in New Orleans, I'd definitely go back.Still good, but not as good as it used to be....
Old review:
Very tasty. Thin but airy crust, wood fired. Atmosphere is very casual. I like the rustic/industrial furniture. Small menu, basically a few kinds of pizza, pasta and salad. The pizza is very good and I'm happy to have another place to get that sort of Neapolitan style of pizza. Courteous owner/staff. Definitely worth a visit.My husband and I have been searching for an authentic Italian pizza. The margherita pizza was delicious. We were greeted with a friendly smile , it was clean and waitress was great. Its a must go if you love pizza.Now this is what pizza is supposed to taste like! Tried this place off of the strength of other Yelp reviewers and they were spot on! Will definitely be making trips back here in the future!THE GOOD:
Every type of local beer I like, they've got; the Tin Roofs, the Nolas, the Lazy Magnolias.  Pizzas are relatively affordable and ingredients are fresh and very different.  The space is clean, new and the giant wood fire oven is pretty awesome to look at.  If you are a fan of thin crust, smaller, gourmet pies you should definitely give this place a try.
THE BAD:
When I feel the desire to stuff a pizza in my face in very unladylike fashion, unfortunately Dolce Vita didn't deliver enough to become of the honing beacon on my fat-girl radar.
THE UGLY:  
Whassup with the hanging lightbulb chandeliers that look like they belong in a horror movie's looney-bin-torture-chamber?  The ice water tastes like it's been sitting in a plastic factory.  The server was incredibly nice, but the service was still inexcusably slow.  The restaurant wasn't that full.  
The verdict?  I will continue to go to Slice down the street.The absolute worst experience ever.  Ordered through GrubHub.  The restaurant lost our order after they confirmed with GrubHub that they received it. Waited two hours, then finally called. They apologized for losing the order -- yet they knew exactly what we ordered -- and said that they would expedite the order to us. We would have it in 20 minutes. 45 minutes later, our order arrived. The pizza was ice cold, the wings -- which looked more like legs than wings -- were mushy and flavorless, and the chips were soggy.   And they sent the wrong beverages. The restaurant agreed to let Grub hub give us our money back for the "wings" and chips, which they did, but the pizza was awful...and cold. 
When I called to complain, the manager, Robert, argued with me about everything. What happened to "the customer is always right"?  Robert proceeded to hang up on me They must have caller ID, because when I called back, the call went to a voice mail recording. When I called back again, someone picked up the phone and hung up. Nice way to run a business, Robert. 
We were starving after a day of sightseeing, and wanted to give our business to a local establishment. Next time, we will call the national chain restaurant. You blew it, Robert!Even though I prefer deep dish, this pie is the bomb! Its quick, tasty, and comes with a great environment. Staff is always friendly and accommodating.  Salads, deserts, pastas, and specials are always great as well.  My favorite has been the sweet potato pie! Seriously! AMAZING! I ate two in one sitting once. Is that bad? :)  Join their social media campaign so that you know the weekly specials. You won't be disappointed. For those of you that rated less than 5 stars, get real!Completely unique combination of flavors put on a pizza. You look at some of the options and think "Hm, that's a weird combo and I wouldn't put it on a pizza." But they are amazing. I've had three different pizzas there and they are all phenomenal. The Sicily, which has duck confit, peaches, and a bourbon glaze is the absolute best!Service was slow. Asked for sweet tea but waitress said she didn't have enough. Asked for root beer then waitress came back and said they're out. The food tasted decent.This pizza is phenomenal.  It is wood fire pizza after all .  I don't usually eat the pizza crust, but this dough is so good, that I did.  The pizzas are pretty big - and the are pretty loaded with toppings.  They have a very friendly staff, and the last time I was there, they accidentally added a pizza, which they just gave us for free after apologizing - simply amazing!This is the best pizza I've had in the state, and possibly the best pizza I've had period.  It is a beautiful combo of flavors and textures in a very comfortable atmosphere.  My wife and I took the walk from the quarter with our toddler in stroller and were so glad we ventured out for lunch.  It was an easy walk with ample sidewalks and safe areas.  That can sometimes be an issue with walking in the wrong direction in NO.  
The pies were great.  My wife is allergic to milk, so must order pizzas without cheese.  That often elicits strange responses, but the chef was more than helpful.  He asked if she liked veggies and if he could make her a special pizza that would be better than what we ordered.  I agreed as long as there wasn't any cheese, it was all fair game.  I ordered the Solo Carne for myself.  The crust was perfection.  It was crispy, yet tender and light.  That kind of texture and flavor that can only come from a blazing hot oven.  For my wife's pie, he mixed the roasted veggies with a few cured meats and hit it with the balsamic topping.  She was blown away.  My 18 month old must have eaten 2 slices himself of her pie.  He actually preferred the roasted veggie pie over my meat feast. 
This will be on our regular rotation in New Orleans.  It made for a perfect day of Insectarium, Pizza, then Aquarium!  I high recommend you take a stroll that way (Down Magazine is the easiest I find) from the quarter and experience top notch pizza.I used to order from here a lot, but not anymore.  On multiple occasions they have taken over 2 and a half hours to deliver.  One time the delivery guy gave me my pizza for free and told me it was ridiculous the chef couldn't make a pizza quicker.  When your own employees are giving away free food you know it is bad.  I don't know why they continue to deliver with the amount of consistent problems.Minimalist decor and a damn fine pie!  I had the meat pizza and my wife had the margherita. The meat was all imported italian of very high quality. The owner, a Belarus native, is super friendly and aims to please. Please swing by and support them. I want this place around when I come back.I just voted "Dolce Vita" on @EaterNOLA's reader poll "The Best Pizza in New Orleans" http://eater.cc/1eLanMUOk - we saw the many reviews and thought this would be our pizza joint for our last night.  Pizza was good B+ territory but the staff (and owner) are clueless.  We sat next to someone at the bar that asked for his check four times and waited over 15 minutes to receive the darn thing.  As for us, we had to beg for another drink, napkin or whatever.  Wife's first glass of wine (chianti) was spoiled.  Also - there are only 21 patrons here and they were out of glasses and had no problem filling my wife's wine glass instead of fresh stemware.  I had three beers - all from the same glass as well.  For $65 (a generous 10% rip for the total failure of effort) I would never consider this place again.  Our fellow patron and local resident has recommended you walk up the street and buy by the slice.  He would have but it's raining.   Shameful way to run a restaurant that has a decent priduct.