This is in regards to the store on 1701 Tchoupitoulas St, New Orleans, LA 70130 Phone: (504) 523-3030
I went there Thursday June 30th, 2016 and ordered a specialty wing (12 piece) which is supposed to contain jalapenos & pineapples with cheese on some boneless wings. My girlfriend ordered a 8 piece tradition buffalo wings. Now I won't even mention the terrible service or inattentiveness of the staff there, nor will I dedicate this complaint to the fact that her traditional wings were pitifully small (some were only 3/4 the size of a lighter). No this complaint is dedicated to the despicable quality of my jalapeno pineapple wings. It literally was so burnt on the bottom I could lift up the entire contents of the box by pinching any section of the mass. The chicken tasted like it was reheated at least once and it wasn't even warm when I got it. Now even worse, the staff refused to refund the balance of my half of the order onto my card. Can you believe they charged us $27 for these 2 orders of wings and 2 drinks and 2 extra blue cheeses (which I gave back)? I was given attitude when I asked for a refund, even when they let me stand at the counter for 5 minutes making eye contact but no attempt at customer service. Picture is included for your convenience. I will be posting this same review all over the internet so everyone will know how much this particular Domino's sucks. Domino's Pizza if you read this, please know you need a serious quality-of-service investigation at your Tchoupitoulas location in New Orleans, I will never eat there again & I will be sharing this story with everyone I can.
http://i65.tinypic.com/of0w2v.jpgDon't waste your time or money. You can order hours ahead of time and they still won't bring it until an hour later. They have no remorse and terrible attitudes. I'm not quite sure why dominos lets this store continue with their terrible customer service and inability to run a proven franchise chain.I was hung up on by a young lady. I called back and she offered no apology. I asked to speak to a manager in which instead of her putting me on hold, she put the phone down and I could hear her telling her side of the "story" David, the manager got on the phone was very short with me as well as seemed uninterested in solving the problem. I will never order there again. At the very least, you would expect a certain level of customer service from management.  1701 tchoupitoulas stSo order delivery order 440626. Ordering online was easy. It also got here very quick which was good because I was starving. However... The sandwich I ordered was burnt and the cheese bread was very over cooked almost burnt. I guess the only way this place stays in business is being a national chain. 
Next time it's Papa Johns.Two whole stars because my pizza arrived within 30 minutes. 
Only two stars because my order was incomplete and I have been waiting for OVER AN HOUR for the rest. I have had 2 phone calls where they asked if I was sure it wasn't complete. Yeah, I think I would have noticed and I'm certainly not trying to waste my time calling you fools while my food gets cold. 
I don't care that you only have one driver. I live less than 2 miles away and y'all screwed up.Order from here 1-2 times a week for pickup. Always ready in under 15 minutes.  Always polite. Order is always spot on. Couldn't ask for more!So after 5 months later from writing this review here and on the Dominos Facebook page I received the customary reply to save face publicly. However it was limited to a single email and in Facebook's case a single private message that implied they were looking into it. They never replied to my further emails nor have they resolved my issues with their customer service nor was I refunded. I am still boycotting Dominos and still tell all my friends that come to tour New Orleans to stay far away from this pizza place. And Yelp insists that this review is not legitimate due to being my first review on yelp but the truth is I was so angry and completely disrespected by Dominos I made this yelp account just to show everyone else what I went through. I know I'm not alone, and you should take every review with a grain of salt but this particular Dominos is chock full of everything that destroys a business. Above and beyond the worst I've ever seen.Hated it!!! Asked for extra sauce , didn't get enough. Not to mention that the person taking my order didn't ask for my room number. I had to tell him.. And then when they get to the hotel, they forget my room number and return back to dominos. Ugh!!!!! Finally got the pizza about an hour later, and it was bad.The worst. Ordered food and never got food. We're hungry. They were pretty rude after we waited 2 hours and called about our order. It was a Thursday. AVOID.It's not just that according to the "pizza tracker" my pizza came out of the oven and then sat there for over 30 minutes before it even went out for delivery; it's that when I called to cancel it for this reason, and told them it was because I didn't want a cold gross pizza, Ryan the manager copped a condescending attitude and told me, "No, it's still sitting here under my heat lamp so it would be fine, but that's okay, we'll cancel it for you." Yeah, because pizza that's been sitting under a heat lamp for half an hour is TOTALLY as good as when it's delivered in a timely manner. Pssst, Ryan: some of your customers aren't idiots, and know better.Ok. This was honestly the worst pizza I've ever had. It was completely dry and cold by the time I got it, it was missing ingredients, and I think I was overcharged. I mean, I still ate the whole thing, but it was nowhere close to good...Absolutely horrible service!!!!  I called to order pizza and they told me I couldn't pick it up and they were only taking delivery orders.  So I ordered delivery.
Then she said I couldn't pay for it....that I could only pay in cash.  Wtf?!  But I agreed.  I went to a near by place and got cash out to be ready for the delivery person.
......an hour goes by!!!!  I called, and tell the girl I was calling to check on a delivery order, the same girl that took my order says, oh they just took off with it.  Fine - I wait (like an idiot).
Another 30 minutes go by and still nothing!!!!  So I call back, this time only to hear the automatic answering machine repeat specials for over 10 minutes with the promise to speak with a representative - well THAT was a lie as well.  After waiting on the line for a while the call was just dropped by their answering system.
WORST food ordering experience EVER!!!!  They're rude, have awful services and worst of all, I was left starving!I live less than a block from the place. The pizza left the place over half an hour ago. I called the place, and they hung up on me while I was asking where the pizza was. Never ordering from here againPizza and other food fine. Their "service" is the worst. Absolute worst. Once an employee was drunk and belligerent. The person who appears to be the manager at night is rude and hostile. No one greets you when you enter and they only acknowledge you when they are done chatting with each other. Getting anything done is like pulling teeth. My fault for choosing to keep ordering here but it is so close to home. If you have choice for Dominos stores, use another branch.Order placed 7:34. Andrea called 8:48 to say my "chariot has arrived". She asked what dressing  I wanted for my salad. I said the one I ordered, ranch. The gentleman at the front desk called me to say she was sitting out in front of the building, then drove off! He tried to get her attention and she finally came back. She said she was looking for a parking space. In downtown New Orleans!  Ive ordered from this location for three years and not one other person has ever done that. COLD pizza and WARM salad. Thanks a lot Andrea.Don't eat here. They will take your money and never deliver. If you call and check on your order the will tell a different lie each time. Truest form of crooks.This place is ridiculous.  On their official website, it states this store closes at 1:00 am for carry out orders. I get to the store at 12:19 am and they are locked up, lights in the front are closed but the kitchen is bustling with people but they refuse to come open the door.  So, instead, I head home which is literally ONE STREET away, so have to order delivery so I pay 3.00 for delivery and have to wait forever for them to deliver.Visiting NOLA order from you guys. Had to wait an hour than my order was all wrong. I spent $50.00 worth and poor customer service.  We call and to get what we order it would take two hours.  Wow! Another option pick it, store credit. Also I paid delivery charges. This wasn't good.Just don't! I've ordered twice now. It will take at least one hour for just one simple pizza and if you call the store you will get attitude and hung up on. There are too many options uptown for pizza to ever try this location ever again!Pizza is always good and fresh...arrives hot and crispy.This place takes forever, a pizza on a Friday night takes about 90 minutes to deliver. Other busy places take an hour at most. 
Nobody orders Domino's in New Orleans because the taste and flavor is special, they order it because it's supposed to be fast and convenient, It certainly isn't cheap for what you get.Very quick delivery and the pizza and cookie/brownie was delicious. I've been having reginellis and cafe Roma delivered since I moved in and dominos is way better. Weird...I know.Worst Domino's ever.... Ordered a delivery and it said 26-36 minutes. I canceled the order after more 100 minutes. The guy on the phone was no help just said it's on it's way.This place is absolute trash because I ordered my Domino's about an hour ago and it still has not came and when they called me about two hours after I ordered the pizza they told me that they could not deliver it to my location which was very upsetting and extremely stupid for them to be acting this way plus when I called the place they said that it was on its way and they completely lied to me because he came about a half an hour later so I basically wasted three hours waiting on one PizzaMy friends keep ordering from this terrible branch of Dominos because nowhere else delivers to them. Regardless, this restaurant continues to underperform with excrutiating delivery times, sub par food quality, poor management, and poor corporate follow-up to mitigate the deserved social reputation damages from disappointed clients like me. I never received a refund for my initial review and no store credit given for that experience. I didnt want credit from that store anyways.
The Franklin Ave location in the upper 9th ward is actually amazing for a Dominos, and id recommend that store just based on the fact that they care about their job and their customers significantly more than the Tchoupitoulas branch. And much better pizza/food.Took forever to cook before it left the store, then half an hour after it said it had left the store, the tracker told me it had been delivered when it hadn't. Had to call the store to call the driver. Food was terrible when it was finally delivered.
How can such a prime location in the city be this inefficient and badly run.
Never using this location again.Image says it all. I will say that the za was good, but don't waste your time ordering anything else.I normally order pizza from this Domino's location, but had a terrible experience tonight which will ensure that I will never use them again. My husband placed an order, the tracker hadn't updated, and after 45 minutes, he decided to call. We were told that the manager had called us to tell us our order was cancelled (no one had called), and that they were not able to deliver our order due to a problem with the driver being stuck downtown due to a fire. Not sure why there was only one driver on assignment for tonight. When my husband asked to speak to a manager, the manager was wildly rude to him. He told my husband we would have to come in the store to receive our cancelation receipt (the charge is still on our account). My husband said he wouldn't be able to come in to collect a receipt (hence why we ordered a delivery), and the manager immediately flipped on him and told him he wasn't going to go "back and forth" with him. The manager contradicted himself, vehemently denying he told my husband that he would have to come in to collect a receipt, then threatened to hang up on him. Professional. Although the manager spoke with my husband, it was on speaker phone and everyone in our home (we were having a party) heard this unfortunate exchange.
This individual should not be in management. He offered no apology for this inconvenience, and was extremely defensive when my husband expressed displeasure with our order being charged and cancelled without notification, which seems like a reasonable thing to be upset about. Anywho, just know what you are getting into if you chose to order from this location.Ordered pizza at midnight, order cancelled around 1230 because they didn't have enough drivers to deliver the pizza. Would normally let it slide but the legit only purpose of this company is delivery pizza.I live about 5 minutes from this place and I've been waiting for my pizza for an hour and a half. We called this place and they are apparently closed. We can't get a hold of anyone, either. Screw this place. Order Pizza Hut.Nasty food, nastier customer service! Ordered online with specific details/instructions yet they got it wrong.As someone who USED to order from this dominos for many, many years, and they have gotten the order wrong many, many, many times, they have a security issue now for delivering to my place? -When I called tonight? Because of their inefficiency to deliver correctly? The blond hair old woman, that used to deliver to the Irish Channel, would harass us on our front porch- and ask- why are you buying that pizza? You know how many calories that has???!  Just not ok dude. Disrespect and we are all very local customers.I work the 11-7 shift in the Riverwalk area, and I've enjoyed excellent service and really tasty pizzas numerous times over a 2-week period.Ok, I'm biased. I've been eating Dominos for almost my entire life. I actually worked as a Dominos delivery driver in college. I've also worked at other pizza places when I was as young as 12. I created some crazy pizza creations in my time. I consider myself somewhat of a Pizza connoisseur, not to be confused with a pizza snob. We all know it doesn't get much cheaper than Dominos. However Dominos thin crust pizza is in my all time top 5 pizzas. It is my go to order. The other places are going to charge me up to three times as much as Dominos and I probably won't even like it better. I always give any pizza a go though, and usually say Dominos is still better. 
The only negative things I can say about this New Orleans location is they don't let you carry out after 10pm so you can't get the 7.99 special and delivery usually takes a while. Plus I live a few blocks away. Also they've messed up my sauces and dressings a few times but that's just a minor mistake and the law of averages based on the large amount of times I've ordered from here.This store cannot get it write. I ordered a veggie pizza and got a meat lovers. I waited a good 45 minutes for the '30 minute' delivery. When I called back about the mistake, I could wait another 45 minutes or get a credit. I chose to pick off the meat and take the credit. I called back tonight to actually use this credit and they have no records of it. I needed to tell them who the manager was to get the credit. I order pizza once in a blue moon, but it sure isn't worth it to deal with this nonsense.Always fast and taste great. Love to order easily on the app and pickup on my way home. Never had any issues with service.My review is mainly for our awesome driver, Angela! She called to let me know she was on her way! Thank you for excellent customer service ESPECIALLY on a holiday!  Domino's needs more awesome drivers like Angela!!! Thanks for making great pizzas dominos! We always order from ya'll but had an extra special driver tonight!! Thanks again for the great service Angela!!!I feel silly rating a Domino's.  Its a Domino's, you know what you're going to get, its chain pizza, kind of generic, not authentic NY pizza.
However, if its Domino's you're craving, this is the location to order from! They're amazing, fast, accurate, and with the most polite, most honest delivery employees ever!
Seriously, this location rocks!Saw the very low rating but figured no big deal. All Domino's have low ratings. I should know better. 
Ordered the pizza online. Got the text that it was ready. Show up and the employee has no idea what order I'm talking about. Answers her phone. Walks away. Then comes back and asks if this was my order while reading a sticker. Told me it wasn't made and to come back for it. I was on my lunch break and couldn't come back. Left with no pizza and got a refund. Sucks.I oredered pizza and it took1 hour and 10 minutes to arrive.  I called and was told "its ok he'll be there."  I asked to speak to the manager and she laughed and said it was the person delivering.  I called again and this time the lady nicely explained that they were short on drivers.  I get it, but the first lady should have said that.  The guy delivered it and took off.  Not a good look guys.Manager laughed and called me a bitch. 
I waited two hours for my pizza and the manager, Karen, said I was lying and told me I only have been waiting an hour. I told her she canceled my order after me calling me  an hour after my delivery saying she was going to cancel my order and reorder. Karen told me to calm down, called me a bitch, then hung up on me. I called back only to have her hang up on me without even letting me say anything. I called back again because I've been charged for this canceled order. Answering and being awful, she said she canceled my order because of my attitude. I drove up there only to be made fun of and had to wait forever before she would speak to me. Karen wouldn't give me the owner's name after finally walking over to me since I was speaking to an employee about names. I have everything on video and recordings of it all. The charges for the order are still charged and have yet to be taken off after she insulted me, canceled my order, and hung up on me. This moment happened after a pretty rough event and my family just wanted pizza for the evening. It really upset me to be called a bitch for only asking about my food.I am a loyal Domino's customer. I have two young children that love their pizza and pasta. Today makes the third time I have ordered delivery from this location, and have been told they do not deliver. Fine, no issue, but why am I being offered delivery capability if there is no possible delivery? As I went to say this to the manager, and suggest that the website should reflect what's available at each store, she would not stop SCREAMING over me. I couldn't even say what I was trying to say, before I was yelled at. I have never ever raised my voice at someone in customer service (I was in the industry for years), but had to due to the fact that she literally wouldn't let me speak. I am dismayed at the behavior of this employee! Needless to say, we didn't get our pizza, and they still charged us for our order! I will NEVER order from them again. Dominos...do better.I oredered pizza and it took1 hour and 10 minutes to arrive.  I called and was told "its ok he'll be there."  I asked to speak to the manager and she laughed and said it was the person delivering.  I called again and this time the lady nicely explained that they were short on drivers.  I get it, but the first lady should have said that.  The guy delivered it and took off.  Not a good look guys.  
Update... again... well over an hour for delivery.THE WORST DOMINOS. Had to call about my order being delivered and they said they cancelled because they didn't have any drivers. 45 minutes after the estimated time. Who ever this manager is need to show up. Worst service I've ever had.While Dominos, in general, is fine, this particular location should be avoided. The female manager seems racist, and they will cancel your order if you call to ask about the status of your order after you have been waiting for an hour. There are too many places to get good pizza in the area without having to subject yourself to this rudeness. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.I can't speak poorly enough about this Dominos. An hour and a half after I ordered my pizza, and after many times being assured I would get said pizza, I was told that my order was being voided. Jamal, the General Manager, voided my order because I complained after an hour and a half of not getting my delivery (even though the app said it had been delivered.)I ordered my pizza at 6:50pm it left the store at 7:22pm at around 8:25pm I called to make sure it was on it's way since the tracker wasn't working for me. Well I was told that they no longer accept cash after 8pm. I policy I can not find on their site which make me think it isn't an actual policy of theirs. The woman who answered was rude as can be about it and even hung up on me when I asked when they started not taking cash after 8. Don't order from this domino's. If you live in New Orleans just order from Magazine pizza, or reginelli's, hell even papa John's is better than this dominos.For fast food pizza, delicious! I ordered pick up. A pizza and a cheesy bread. I also ordered sauces on the side, marinara and garlic sauce. There were no sauces with my order. My fault for not checking before walking out of the place. My order was cheesy and delicious. I just wish I had the sauces I ordered.Just moved into a new place, needed food for the moving crew.
Ordered online and it was painless. It was delivered quickly and even though the order was one of those late (placed just under the cut off time) the driver was really nice and personable. 
The food?
It is Dominos. Filling tasty and easy. Not surprises either way.
The service was really good though and that matters.ordered pickup last night. It was ready on time.  The pizza was prepared exactly as ordered.  I noticed a lot of low reviews for this location so wanted to make sure a good experience was documented.  There were two people working and they did a great job.Ordered for delivery however got a call back from employee saying they could not deliver.  Went to pick up pizza.  Employee gave us 2 soda pops for free since we had to pick up.  Pizza was stuck to the top of pizza box.Great service! Pizza always arrives hot and fresh.
Drivers always have a smile on their face.2 hours!! 2 hours I waited for a pizza delivery that was literally a mile away. I'm in New Orleans working and staying in a hotel. I worked late and wasn't able to stop and get anything and saw that Dominos was delivering. I ordered at 7:15 and by 8:44 I still hadn't heard anything. The website shows that Jennifer inspected my pizza at 7:55
So it's been sitting for almost an hour. I finally called and was told it was about to go out. At 9:10 I received a call asking me to head downstairs. 
So I sit in the lobby and wait...and wait..and finally I walk outside to see the delivery driver standing by her car saying that they don't even come inside anymore. How is that a delivery? Why don't you just throw it out of your window as you drive by? What a joke. 
I stay in hotels 11 months out of the year and this is by far the worst service I have ever had from dominos.  We are done here.This location will shut down takeout services at 11:00 PM which is 2 hours earlier than the posted time (internet/app). It occurs about 50% of the time so I assume it depends on the manager scheduled for the evening. The night manager lied to me saying it was store policy. When I explained how I knew that wasn't true (based on my takeout order the prior week), he said "whatever" and then "click". I'm done with this location.So slow here.  App says pizza is ready for pickup but store doesnt have it ready until hour later.I read the reviews as I am visiting NO from WDC. So I took a chance anyway because it was raining and didn't want to walk far for pizza. Plus it was a holiday and most of the pizza places in the French Quarter were closed or open at 3PM. PIZZA was GREAT! Ordered in the store. Pizza was hot and fresh. The young women in the store was phenomenal!!!  She made the pizza, took the calls and was cashier. 
I guess I was lucky :-)HORRIBLE! don't order anything extra (dipping sauces, etc) , they will ALWAYS forget it. waste of moneyI'm writing this 3 hours after placing an order for delivery. Placed the order at 8:53 pm and the pizza tracker said that Alvin the manager checked it for quality control at 9:11 pm. Never got the order. The tracker said my driver left an hour ago and then updated to say the order has been delivered to me. I can assure you it has not. I have been trying to call the store for 2 hours and am automatically placed on hold, at one point i just left it on hold and went back to check it later and half an hour had elapsed. At one point someone did pick up the phone and immediately slammed it back down. I'll be going in tomorrow to demand a refund for the order i never received and will never, ever have anything to do with this terrible excuse for a business ever again.Walked in about 1 week ago, tried to call in a pick up order but was on hold for about 10  minutes when someone picked up, we were put on hold again.  That's the most of my complaints.
The store wasn't the cleanest, but it's a domino's near Burbon  street, so you can't expect too much. 
We ordered 2 pizza ' s,  one ended up getting stuck in the oven  and burned, however one of the employees (I am assuming the manager) noticed this and refired the pizza without us needed to ask. 
All in all, This Pizza hit the craving for sure.After a long day of sightseeing my husband and I just wanted to stay in. We ordered pizza and salad. The delivery driver called my cell and asked us to meet him in the lobby of our hotel! We were prepared to tip well for his time, but the point of delivery was door to door service. Then they brought my salad with no utensils to eat it with. Very disappointed in the overall service from this establishmentWas in town on Saturday night and happened to stumble upon this Dominos on the walk to the hotel. It was late and this location was just about to close since it was 2:55am. The workers however, were super nice and made me a sandwich! They went out of their way to stay a bit longer just at closing.I work just a few blocks away from here and get delivery all the time. The chx parm sandwich is good and so is the buffalo chx sandwich. I definitely see some pissy tourists comments on here that probably ordered right before they closed on the weekend when everyone else is ordering. Sooo just don't be stupid and do that. I order here at least once a week. The delivery guys are always very nice and polite, I get my food in a timely manner, my order is always correct, yummy, and might I add HOT!I ordered a pizza and a brownie cookie from this dominos at about 6pm Sunday night. I chose this location because I am visiting Nola and I do not have a car so I wanted to order from a place I could walk to and get some dinner. My order was placed online and I received a confirmation email. My husband and I walked there and we were told that they had to cancel our order because they received a big order and were 2 hours behind. No one took the time to call or email me. I walked there and was so disgusted all I could do was say ok and leave. Dominos promotes in their commercials there ability to take care of large quantities of orders yet this was a huge disappointment . I was told I could TRY to order again in 2 hours....seriously!!! Dominos this was a huge let down.This is the Domino's at Carondelet near Canal in the CBD. This is an awesome location. There are some tables and a counter to dine in but there is no table service. You order and pick-up at the counter. If you're pinched for time phone the order in ahead of time or use the app so it will be ready and waiting when you arrive. This used to be one of the worst locations a couple years ago but then they remodelled so now it's my favourite location. The pizza is delicious and amazing!!! The lobby is sweet and clean. You'll love this for your pizza!!!!This place is disgusting!! It takes them half an hour to give you a chicken pasta with alfredo sauce while you ordered a veggie pasta with marinara!!Just joined YELP tonight so I can warn others about this Dominos location! One star is 1 star too many!!!  Yelp won't let you give zero stars....
Sorry to be so negative, but hoping to save others the same misfortune.  Ordered online and paid $24.98 for a gluten free pizza and a pizza was delivered with all of the wrong toppings--- which makes me wonder if it is indeed gluten free! So for me, this is not edible. Tried calling the store for more than an hour to see if a correct pizza could be sent to me OR I could get my money back ($24.98 plus $5 tip!).   Was constantly placed on hold for more than an hour (total time) and constantly disconnected after stating my issue. Worst customer service of ANY restaurant that I have ever experienced...kinda feeling like I was robbed of $29.98 since I can't eat what was delivered. It's a shame because this was only my 2nd order from Dominos pizza in over 10 years. I was super excited to realize they had GF pizza. 
Order from this location at your own risk!!!! You've been warned......Do NOT order from here.. so I came here for vacation and wanted to order pizza, I called and it took like 20 mins for them to answer the phone. Then when someone finally answered they asked me for my address and as I was giving it to them I laughed at something my cousin who was next to me said and they hung up on me. I called back thinking it must of been a mistake so I said " I just called and I think someone hung up on me?" And the guy on the phone said yes he did hang up on me cause I was playing around on the phone when I was giving him my address. He told us he was the general manager.. I'm so furious, this person does not need to work their anymore if that's how they treat their customers! They get ZERO stars, and I will be reporting.Ordered one large 3 topping pizza and 8 mild wings. Have been waiting 40 minutes already and still have not gotten our food. No one is really managing this place it seems. The delivery guys are coming in from deliveries and the helping the customers in store. No one knows what's going on and I'm sure nothing will be done about our wait time. Super annoyed and super disappointed. Papa Johns from now on.Always at least a half hour to 45 minutes slower than they say they will be. Unreliable. Food is cold whenever you get it (if you actually do get it...) Combative when you call to ask them about your order.What a nightmare!! In town for Wrestlemania.. it just ends, and my boyfriend and I get back to the hotel and decide to order food from here since its around the corner from the hotel. I checked the reviews and was like oh how bad can it really be? IT IS REALLY THAT BAD!! We placed an online order and paid via credit card at like 11:45pm; at 12:20 we walk over even though the pizza tracker never updated but its dominos, when does it ever take more than 35 minutes. We get there and there's like 2 dozen people standing outside. They locked the doors, everyone outside ordered online, no one knew what was going on, none of the workers were talking to us, someone who may have been the GM (older, white, fat, and balding with glasses) would let people out and lock the door again completely ignoring the 24 people standing outside. One of the delivery guys says something about online orders being cancelled then rides away on the delivery bike. After 10 or so minutes of uproar another delivery guy comes out and everyone stops him and were like what's going on? The other guy said the orders were cancelled? This guy is like all online orders were cancelled, everyone will get a notice online, and a refund in 7 days. So I'm like I want a cancel receipt or to speak to the manager. The delivery guy is rude as hell saying I know what I'm talking about I've worked here 5 years. So I asked again about a cancel receipt and he's like you'll get it online so my boyfriend checks his pizza tracker again and it says the PIZZA HAS BEEN PICKED UP! So I go in on this guy and I'm like how are we suppose to get a refund for a pizza that's supposedly been picked up?? And he's like I'm done with ya'll and just walks away. So then a girl was letting someone out and I run up to her and explain about the tracker and give her my boyfriends name and she's like oh, your food been ready it's inside, come on in.. and wouldn't  you know it, there's our order ready to go. Yes, the same one that was going to be "cancelled". We finally get back to the hotel at like 1:30. We'll be calling corporate with a complaint because obviously someone was trying to scam customers. For real, go elsewhere. Dominos is not worth the absolutely awful customer service and rude treatment!!!!!!Worst. Service. EVER. Don't bother you guys! Even if you have to buy snacks ahead of time, this particular store is not worth the service. They said you had to ask for an itemized receipt...I'm sorry NO. That is always included what is wrong with your business. They OVERCHARGED me and closed 30 minutes before 1am. Guys...1 small pizza and a medium pizza does not equal 33$. Do order from here.This is going to be my last interaction with this Domino's. 
I live in the French Quarter and on occasion, I order from them. The delivery is universally slower than they say it will be and often I receive food that is smushed and/or cold. 
Tonight, while at work (ie, I cannot really be on the phone, or go deal with this, I need to be doing my job and just wanted some dinner) I placed an order at 6:41. At 7:41, despite the order tracking saying my food was out for delivery at 7:06, I still had no food. I called the store and the guy who answered told me I was wrong about what the tracker said.... no, I'm not wrong, it's right in front of me. The original time quote was 24-34 minutes. 
Food did show up eventually, over an hour later, but honestly, I'm not stupid, I know how to view a progress tracker, and this plus the combined other weird and bad experiences I have had with this place means I'm done.Ordered online. They arrived promptly to my hotel which was fine. Tipped the driver and brought the pizza and lava cake up to my room where I was absolutely disgusted to see what I've found. My pizza looked like it was dropped multiple times, dough was raw, and it was cold! My lava cakes weren't even whole! They also looked like they were dropped several times. Both were open and oozing everywhere. Also were cold. Now I am currently waiting on hold to call and ask for a refund and they didn't even put me on hold. I am sitting here listening to the employees talk and joke around with eachother loudly. Then someone finally gets on the phone and hang ups on me. I called back and finally talked with someone who angrily told me I'd be refunded and hung up on me yet again. I called back and spoke with someone differently who is sending someone back to the hotel to pick up the food that I don't want and promised a refund in a few days. This place is literally disgusting and I would never in a million years order from here again.I eat here average twice a month. Make sure you check your order before you leave of its carry out. The location is good (near bourbon street and the parade routes). The customer service is "ok". I've dealt with some great workers and some horrible workers. 
One day the "manager" told the cashier don't take any new orders until they sold the pizzas they had pre made (which was weird toppings nobody wanted). So several people left angry. But overall it's an ok place. It's just pizza !Ik they close at 3am but I called 2:58 and they refused to even take my order. That is business that dominoes is missing out on . Hope they appreciate their employees losing them money.Usually love dominos because of the cool online ordering system, but had a bad experience the other day. We tried some of the baked sandwiches and they were sub par. I tried the Philly cheesesteak and there was hardly any steak on there at all. It was properly seasoned, but basically just a grilled cheese sandwich. Had to go searching to find any peppers or steak. For dominos just stick to the pizza. The delivery service is amazing! It is on the computer and they show you every step along the way as your order is completed and delivered to you.GIGANTIC FAIL.
Don't even try to order on a weekend late night.
They WILL charge your card and then feign being closed/not answer the phone which goes against their advertised open hours.
They just took our money and never delivered.This place is a joke. They took an hour and a half to deliver pizza 8 blocks. The toppings were placed so terribly that it looks like we ordered a half cheese pizza! 
Not to mention it's cold. DONT eat here.Horrible horrible horrible service. Some of the rudest and unhappy people I have come across. No smiles and they don't even look at you. I know it's just dominoes but come on. Be proud of where you work and what you do. With all the bad reviews on line shame you dominoes corporate for not looking into this location. Fail on your part. If I could give a zero I wouldVery hit or miss.  I live nearby and come here a lot.  The pizza is always hit or miss.  Either its great, with perfect sauce and flavor - or it is unedible.  
The last time I got unedible - the pizza tasted old, as if it was reheated a few times.  The crust was burned.  And the cheese was dripping off the pizza.
The time before, it was perfect!  I asked for extra sauce and it was very juicy.  Garlic flavor was perfect.
The time before that, I placed an order online - and when I went to pick it up, they said they were backed up 2 hours - seemed like a one-off thing though.
Only issue: If you order online, they will double charge you for toppings if you order green peppers.  I mentioned it to Dominos customer service, but they didnt care.  Too busy of a location to worry about ripping customers off.
Location: Very seedy, bad location.  Seems dangerous when you walk outside.  There are always homeless people smoking outside the doors.The pizzas and everything here is now really awesome and amazing. A year ago this location was one of the worst shops in the business and since then it has been remodeled and is more open and like a restaurant now. The staff is awesome and friendly. The delivery area is limited as they deliver via bicycles but there are a few tables and some shelf seating for dine-in. This is now one of the best shops and I am proud to be a regular. It truly is a night and day difference from a year ago!!!!! I love this particular Domino's now especially. My favorite!!!! :)Poor customer service. I was put on hold 4 times then I hung up. I called back again and was put on hold for a minute. I still ordered the pizza because there was not another dominos that would deliver to my location and I'm still sitting here waiting on it! (I mean CURRENTLY sitting in my room waiting for my pizza!!!) I got a call back a few minutes ago and the guy asks me if I still wanted my pizza after I called earlier to check on the status and a lady picked up and said it was on the way. Like WTF!!!! Really!!! Why is this location still in business!Staff at this location are jerks. Ordered and paid for a pizza that never showed up one night, attempted to order on another night and  was repeatedly intentionally hung up on. Just avoid this place, they don't need your business.I called to order they said they don't deliver to my address and hung straight up in my face I couldn't even ask if they had other locations just plain ole rude assesWork staff is disrespectful as hell. I ordered food ONLINE tonight for delivery and called to make sure they could get into they hotel and lady spoke before I could explain and told me they were no longer taking orders...... twice. She hung up the phone in my face the second time :(. Meanwhile it is only 11:01 pm, they are not supposed to close until 3 am. If they do come they are not getting paid from me.This is probably the most poorly managed business I have ever seen. Horrible product, unbelievably rude people answering the phone, never on time, always closing early...
This place literally can't do anything right. Unfortunately, there's not many options for late night delivery in the french quarterWe ordered 14 wings to go, and guess what, when we finally reached home and opened the box in excitement there sits a pizza. It's 10:30pm at night and the shop is not busy at all. Idk why the order was misplaced.My kids said this was the best Dominos they have had. The pizza was delivered quite quickly to our hotel, and the delivery guy on the bike was very nice . We will definitely be calling back.Good luck with this place. The Domino's app sent our order here since it was the closest to our hotel. App said 40-50 minutes which was okay until an hour and 45 minutes went by and still didn't get our order. Checked the app and it was sitting on checking you order for perfection for over an hour. Called and cancelled. After reading the rest of the reviews I ain't surprised. Stay awayTwo hours to deliver two blocks.  Need I say more?  Yes.  One hour after the order we called and they said they were taking the pizza out.  Which means it took another hour to deliver it the two blocks. Just to the lobby of a hotel.  Go anywhere else if you are hungry.  They need to hire more delivery drivers/riders... ours was on a bike.Don't ever order from Corondelet Dominoes in New Orleans...pizza raw...order didn't arrive complete delivery guy said he'd return with the rest of order in 10 minutes ..never came back.  Cancelling payment with credit card and will be sure to follow thru with corporate office. People with NO WORK ETHIC and dignity have no business ruining it for  hardworking Americans who are trying to build economy.Ordered two small pizzas about 9pm on a Wednesday and it was at our hotel 20 minutes later!  It would have been better if it was what we ordered but hey, we ate it!  Delivery guy was very polite and courteous!  Wouldn't hesitate to order from here againThis Dominos is the worst and they were very rude on the phone. Tried to place and order that in the end was not going to be delivered to me because it was "too dark out." That's all they said then hung up on me.DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM!!! You will not get your food. Waited well over 2 hours, called twice, the food never showed up. My kids fell asleep waiting for the pizza to get here. We could have walked somewhere, ordered, eaten, walked back from literally anywhere else quicker. So disappointed.Hours indicate they are open until 3AM but they refuse to take orders after 1, even for takeout. Rude, dismissive, unacceptable even for the low standard to which I hold dominos.Worst experience. Won't answer the phone. Food is always late & the website kicked me out so I can't track my order. I prefer Mom & Pop pizza joints but at 11:00 pm none are open in my current location. Skip it at all cost. If it shows up on time I'll be very surprised.So read some bad reviews on this place but it took less than 30 minutes from ordering to getting my pizza delivered. I took the risk because I wasn't trying to pay a crazy amount for room service to bring me 1 pizza instead I saved a couple bucks and got 2 hot pizzas from dominos...it's not my favorite place but it was probably the cheapest meal I had here in New Orleans.What can I say it is Dominos, consistently average pizza and good service. When I am in the mood for descent pizza in a hurry this is were I goHorrible don't do... this place is a joke call to order pizza operator can't understand a word than no online delivery to area location so you have to call to order. The person says 23-33 mins. Okay right ...... 2 hours later my pizza comes cold. I called 3 times and sat on hold for 12 mins each time and the person answers the phone and says it's on its way. So 2 hours later a guy pulls up on a bike with cold as pizza. It's a joke. No tip don't reccomend horrible placeI placed an order online for delivery this evening at 7:20 pm.  At 8:00 I got a call from the delivery guy saying that he had dropped my pizza, but that he could go back to the store and pick up a fresh pizza and bring it to me within 15 minutes.  I said that was fine and hung up.  An hour later, still no pizza, so I called the store and was told that the delivery guy was out, and that I should have my pizza soon.  At 9:30, there was still no pizza, so I called the store AGAIN, and was told that the delivery guy said that he had called me (he hadn't) and that there was no answer, so he brought my pizza back to the store.  The person I spoke with said that he would have my order re-fired and sent out ASAP.  At 10:30 STILL NO PIZZA, so I called back and the person who answered the phone said he would get the manager on the phone and then hung up on me.  I called back, asked for the manager, and was hung up upon again.  I called back, another hang up.
This is the most ridiculously poor customer service I have ever experienced.  It is 11:00 pm, no pizza and now no one is answering my phone calls at all.  Do not order from this location if you have other pizza options.  Not worth it at all.Hit or miss, but I've had the last miss I can stand. Wrong sauces, pizza was not cut at all, delivery guy was lazy (wouldn't come to the apartment door like they always have in the past), then aggressive (complained that I was taking too long to come down to him on the street), then played the victim card. "Hurry up, I don't feel safe out here!" Seriously?? Come on, dude! It's 3pm on Saturday on Girod Street right outside Willa Jeans and The Beacon. There really isn't any place safer in NOLA. I'm done with these guys. Unfortunately, this is a common theme of every fast food chain in New Orleans. Stick to the local restaurants. Or Jimmy Johns. Those guys rock every time.I am currently visiting New Orleans on business with a co-worker and we were hungry pretty late at night, not to mention tired from traveling all day. Didn't feel like going anywhere. We placed an order online to get delivery. Ordered a pizza, cheesy bread and a soda. The delivery driver called us not even 20 minutes later to ask if we could meet him in the lobby. He got us our pizza and bread still super hot. The one thing I like about Dominoes is that it is the same everywhere! I don't expect gourmet pizza. I expect Dominoes pizza and that's exactly what we got! No complaints here!After an estimated 30 minute wait on the pizza app I received my room temperature, hardened cheese pizza.  It was baked and quality checked within the 30 minute frame but then it took a solid hour to get to my apartment only one block away but I didn't get carry out because I was sick.Five stars you say?!?  Almost all the other reviews are 1, 2 and 0 if they had the option stars...  What happened different for me you wonder...  
I walked in at 830pm on a Saturday night.  The man at the counter greeted me with a big smile and hello, offered a deal. I took him up on the deal, chose my crust and toppings then paid.  I was told it would be ready in ten minutes and so I went for a walk.  I came back eight minutes later and my pizza was handed to me when I walked in.  Done.
It fresh, hot and as tasty as one could expect for dominos.  Figure it out people, if you want this and you're really as close as you say you are in your reviews, just freaking get up and walk there.Horrible horrible service every time I come to this place. They don't answer the phone and the lil young night manager on weekend is very very rude. 
This location was recently remodeled. I love the fact that you can now eat here. Looks real nice. I have no choice but to eat here, so you have to learn how to deal with the attitudes..We were visiting New Orleans from Dallas and went to the Kings/Pelicans basketball game and by the time we got back to the Hotel there was not many options to eat. We decided to order a pizza.  It was delivered in a timely fashion, fresh, taste good.  Delivery driver was a very nice older man, he put all the pepper/cheese packets decorated nicely inside the lip of the box.  Can't ask for much better on short notice.  Only way they could have got a 5 star is if they had plates considering they are in an area with a lot of hotels.  Just some friendly advice, but otherwise awesome!Depressing customer service
They don't accept coupon prices
Ignore you, treat you like trashThis is a horrible place! I would give a 0 star if it was an option. We ordered a pizza and was given an hour delivery time. Which was ok. After an hour and a half we called back and was told the delivery guy left 5 mins ago. The place is 5 blocks from our hotel!! 30 mins later we called back and was told he just left?!? Now after over 2 hours later we called to cancel our order and was hung up on! Very rude employees. We were concerned, because they have our credit card info! NEVER order from this pizza place!!!! Pizza never comes. Employees are rude liars!!!I went to order lunch around noon today from my local Domino's.. First the online ordering system was down so I wasn't going to bother.. Got hungry enough by 1:27 pm that I gave in and called in an order.. I was told it would be here in about 30 minutes.. It is after 3 pm now and I still don't have food.. The food itself, when and if it ever arrives, is mediocre at best.. when you add in the horrible service it makes this place a total waste of time.. Pizza is better at Big Pie on Barrone street anyway, over priced but at least they deliver !I ordered a pizza and a brownie cookie from this dominos at about 6pm Sunday night. I chose this location because I am visiting Nola and I do not have a car so I wanted to order from a place I could walk to and get some dinner. My order was placed online and I received a confirmation email. My husband and I walked there and we were told that they had to cancel our order because they received a big order and were 2 hours behind. No one took the time to call or email me. I walked there and was so disgusted all I could do was say ok and leave. Dominos promotes in their commercials there ability to take care of large quantities of orders yet this was a huge disappointment . I was told I could TRY to order again in 2 hours....seriously!!! Dominos this was a huge let down.
I contacted the link provided by dominos customer service on this review and I was advised that this was not a corporate dominos and nothing the corporate office could do. So again just another let down.This location should be shut down. Dominos just lost my business for good. 
This was the worst experience. After the driver was out for 1hr  with delivery he finally called to say ( in barely English because he was so uneducated  ) that he was here After explaining how to get into building, he never showed or answered any calls. Then when calling the location the most ignorant, uneducated employees tell me to keep calling him. After more than 5 calls to dominos I was hung up on and no one could explain what happened. This is the most unprofessional, ghetto dominos. Langston who I was told was the manager should fire these animals.  This was unacceptable and frankly don't know how these people are in business or how anyone could hire such stupid people to operate a business.I tried calling several times and no one would answer. Then I ordered several XL pizzas online before they closed and the website charged my card and sent me a confirmation. About 40 min. later i checked the status and the website said my pizza was delivered... but it wasn't. So i called several more times and then after they hung up on me twice I finally got to a human who looked me up and said oh your order was cancelled. Nice job Dominos, 8 working men don't get to eat tonight.The pizza is dominos, but the service is the worst I ever had in my life. I thought people were being tough, but this is the worst service I have ever received in my life. I'm surprised dominos still allows them to use there name.There's something wrong with this particular location. I used to order Dominos in NYC and it was always delicious and super fast. This location takes forever! like over an hour and came cold! They reallly need to step up theit game- would not recommend at all.So I went online to take advantage of the 50% off pizza deal....unfortunately the store that delivers to my address was having an online ordering issue, so I called.  They refused to honor the online coupon even though it was there store issue.  
I ended up getting 2 medium pizzas for $5.99 which is still a good deal...but the pizza I wanted was not included in that offer.  Anyway, the order was placed and I was told I'd have my pizza in hand in 17-24 mins....here I sit 45 mins later and still no pizza.  Called to asked about it and the only thing they're throwing, isn't crush, but some major attitude. 
I was always told New York people had the worst manners/attitude.  After visiting both New York and New Orleans.... NOLA definitely has the worst manners/attitude.  New York people are saints (no pun intended...ok maybe a little) compared to New Orleans residents.  
Pizza just got here....6 mins short of an hour. It's pretty cold and they didn't have printer paper.....so I signed a sticker with the order on it?!?!  I'll be checking my bank account tomorrow.I wish I could give this Dominos a negative star rating that's how angry I am with their lack of customer service.
I am a loyal customer who had in the past ordered from this location at least once a week.  Upon moving to a new apartment (2 blocks from my old place) I had spotty cell service (not Dominos fault) and due to this spotty service I missed a call from the delivery driver telling me he was outside my gate.  I called the store and apologized profusely to the driver (who coincidently answered the phone) I said don't worry about remaking it or anything crazy just bring it back to me.  He said no problem.  This time, not wanting to miss him again we waited outside for 1.5 hours and no one ever showed.  When I called the store back to inquire I was told that the order was remade and resent "a long time ago and the delivery driver had attempted delivery 2 more times"  When I said that this was not possible because I had been outside the entire time I was placed on hold for over 5 minutes and no one ever returned.   At which time I disconnected the call.  The next day I sent an email and was told that due to the fact that this is a locally owned store the manager of the store would be contacted and it would be up to them to contact me and resolve the issue.  Almost 2 weeks later the store finally contacted  me and their method of resolution was a free 1 topping pizza.  My original order that I never received was for 2 pizzas with several toppings each. How is this in any way compensating me for my original loss????  Bottom line is Dominos will never see another dime from me!Yeah I know, dominos in NOLA. But we were drunk and it's better than paying $5 a slice on bourbon. $7.99 special for a large 3 topping. Cool little glass front spot a block on the other side of bourbon.Still waiting on my 2 liter of coke an hour later and two phone calls....
And apparently I have to add filler because my review was too short.... where my drank at??? 
WHO DAT NATIONThis place has terrible service. Disorganized and can't provide the service they promise. Do not order from hereWorst experience of dominos I've ever had. Employees locked customers outside because of the line inside. If you're looking for a quick 15 minute pizza pick up, go somewhere else. Save your money.We went to Domino's after a night of drinking. We were not wasted or anything, just needed some pizza. The employees just seemed mad - I mean they are super close to Bourbon and deal with annoying people all day but don't be rude to me!Can I give Zero Stars? Every time you place an online order and they take your payment with a CC, then they call you back 15 minutes later and tell you they have no food or that item. Must be an idiot doing the food ordering for that location if they are always out. Next thing, Jameeeca, the " assist" manger barely speaks enough real English to understand what she is saying.. She ended up hanging up on me. If you order from this location, do not give them your CC. It takes about a week for a refund on food you will never get. Why don't you not list an item you do not have?
Lastly to the owner. This is no longer the Ghetto. People who live in the CBD pay a lot of money to live here and if you keep hiring people who can't speak or act professionally than you can always expect to have barely 2 stars.  Close this location and put in a business that will treat the locals and tourists like customersIf I could give this place a negative star, I would. I was trying to enter the address into my phone to use my points towards a free pizza and made the mistake of asking an employee what street the restaurant was located on. He proceeded to YELL at me, saying he didn't have anything to do with the app. My boyfriend told him that he was being a jerk (strongest language used). The manager came out and said we were ASSAULTING an employee! DO NOT GO TO THIS DOMINOES!!! I order pizza once a week from them and will NEVER do it again after the treatment we received! Thanks NOLA for the welcome!They put the pizza  in the oven 10 minutes after the order even though there were only 2 people in the store. Very dissatisfied with the service.I ordered food online after an event at 10pm they said they would take 40 mins and it was 3 hrs later still no food. I called 12 times and they pick up then hang up. Worst. Service. Ever.This location of Domino's is awful! Even though the app said our pizza was finished, when we arrived to carry it out, it was not done, had not been placed in the oven, and the employees yelled at us. When the pizza was cooked, there was a giant hole in the middle the size of two slices. Before we ordered on the app, we called the location and they answered the phone only to tell us that they were not taking orders. Terrible, terrible, terrible customer service and employees.The night shift from 9 to 10 on 3/2/17 was on point. Deric , Lucas and a handsome young guy that looks like NAS gave us great service and a super tasty pizza at the right prize. Very happy with this crew. They deserve a high five from the owner and all the tips. They earned them well. 
The place was very busy during our visit and they handled all the customers well and with a great attitude. Far beyond my expectations for a pizza  joint. 
We got the pizza right from the oven and we went to town. The portions were fair and the flavor was good. We got a Hawaiian with chicken and Alfredo sauce. Nom nom nom. 
You know how they say that god dwells inside of us? Well I hope he likes pizza  because that is what he is getting tonight.This place is a total scam.... avoid.   They offer special that you can't actually order and charge you 3xOrdered online, quick delivery!! Food was great. One draw back, you do not get one free sauce with breadsticks. The breadsticks were terrible by the way.Be very aware of this domino's franchise. Carry out service is extremely poor, certainly not worthy of a tip. They pretend the POS credit card does not work, apparently it has been down for the last six months. The employees insist on manually keying in the credit card number. Days later when I see my credit card charges online, they add an unauthorized tip to the amount. Isn't this credit card fraud?! My complaints to the store manager go unanswered. My next step is to report the fraud to corporate dominos and to the bank.It's two hours after I ordered and I just received the cold, soggy pizza I paid 20 dollars for. You should be ashamed of yourselves for this level of paltry service. I'm not expecting a Michelin Star, but I am expecting a basic level of human decency. You've fallen far short of that.Ordered from the app, and the app said it was being prepared so I called the restaurant to check on my order and was told she was calling all customers to see if they want to cancel their orders because there was going to be an 2 hour wait due low on staff. The employe that answered hung up on us twice. She was so rude and naive. Will not be ordering from this restaurant again.Took 2 hours to receive 2 medium pizzas. Ordered at 6:30pm and shows up at 8:31pm. App showed delivered at 730 but it was not. Pizza was cold. Called for delivery information abt 5 times and they took the phone off the hook. (Busy signals)I gotta hand it to Dominos--ordered a 5-topping (went with ham, chicken, pineapple, spinach and provolone) large pizza online; was told it would be ready in 10-20 minutes; when I got to the store on Carondelet about 15 minutes later, it was waiting for me; got it home, everything was just right and it tasted yummy. And, at $9.99(+tax) the price was right :-)