The only reason why I chose three stars instead of four is because it didn't WOW me. I didn't leave thinking that I should come back again. I got their take on Spaghetti made with special meatballs. It wasn't your average spaghetti. The noodles kind of reminded me like ramen noodles. That was different. My entree with just subpar. It was good, but not super fantastic delicious. 
However, what I did love about this place was the appetizers. You have to get the shrimp ceviche and the beef tartare. Yum Yum Yum. I went here for my best friend's birthday with all of the girls and we killed the appetizers. It was that delicious. They give you cotton candy as a complimentary dessert so that was cool.
Now when you go to a classy restaurant such as Dominique's you're going to expect excellent service right? Well, you get two people to serve you. One is your main server who takes your order and so on. The other only refills your drinks. Sad to say I saw the girl who refilled our drinks more than our server. Server only came to take our order and other than that was rarely seen.I would love to give this restaurant a 4.5 or 5.  The space is, as other reviewers posted, chic and slick. Totally cool for a date night.  I was amazed at the incredible cocktail that was recommended by the waitperson. It was some kind of rice vodka w/ habenera with herbs... Totally banging!
My husband and I had the lobster salad (which is a bargin) and the shrimp ceviche. ..Happy Campers so far.
We both ordered the soft shelled crab special. It would have been perfect in its preparation , however it was way too salty. We would have pointed this out to our server, but he was slammed. Also we were totally distracted by the sound levels and the fact that we had to project our conversations. Not Good.
We will def give this another try.Service started off a little slow, but our waitress was nice, took great care of us, and the food was fantastic. There were 4 of us in our party - we all ordered the beet and watercress salad, and loved it. It had a really nice balance of flavors and was a great start to our meal. 
For my entree, I ordered a vegan version of their vegetarian plate, my wife and her cousin's wife had the flounder - which they raved about (and the portions were huge), and her cousin had the sauteed sweetbreads as an appetizer and wagyu beef for his entree. Each of us loved our choices, and our overall consensus was that the food was excellent. I was also impressed at the portion size of the vegan dish, which was huge by comparison to vegan plates you find at other New Orleans restaurant. 
We also had some great red wine called Double Shotgun, from Vending Machine Winery.
It's always a nice surprise for me when I see a vegan dessert option on a menu, and the sorbets I split with my wife were a perfect way to end our meal. The sour apple cotton candy was nice too, and fun. I highly recommend Dominique's on Magazine - even for vegans.First, the maitre d' worked very well with my reservation even though they were booked-I'm very last minute. Luckily, the three of us were able to be seated in their courtyard, my first time outside. The ambiance took us to a posh LA restaurant where we did not feel like we were in Old New Orleans. The service was exceptional. I allowed my friends to try my favorite entree there. The most memorable dish is when you have to sit back motionless and speechless allowing the tastebuds sort through the dynamic flavors. I will always, always order the chef's spaghetti and meatballs.NOTE: I give it 4.5 stars-5 stars. I couldn't give them 4 stars, because it was sooo good.
Dominiques was a fantastic meal. Great space, nice waiter, great drinks, and great food.
I am normally not a fan of 'fancy cocktails' but thoroughly enjoyed (gulped down) my Lemongrass Pisco Sour - a great take on a Peruvian cocktail. I am also a sucker for any drink with egg whites. Girlfriend had a great cocktail as well, don't remember what it was called.
Appetizers:
Got the Crab meat special which was served on a fried green tomato. It was delicious. A huge portion of lump crabmeat sitting on top of two fried green tomatoes in a great minty sauce. What I really appreciated was I saw multiple people order the same appetizer at the adjacent table, and since they weren't splitting it, there was a large portion sitting atop one fried green tomato.
Our waiter knew that we were ordering two appetizers to split, and so the crab meat came sitting atop two fried green tomatoes. Just a really nice gesture on their part.
There's not much to say about the Beef tartare other than it was simply put one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Admittedly I am  a sucker for tartare, but this was just excellent. I could have eaten 2 lbs of it. Served with Avocado creme fraiche....which was delightful.
Entrees:
Girlfriend got the lamb plate. The taste that I had was great (lamb belly), and she enjoyed it, although there was one 'sausage' piece that didnt seem too good.
I ordered the duck breast which was great. Cooked perfectly. Crispy, fatty skin, served a perfect medium rare. The accompanied parsnip/porcini puree was a great compliment.
I can't wait to go back.Who cooked Nelson Mandela's first meal after he was released from prison?  Chef Dominique!!  So, he's kind of a big deal.  There's something for every taste at this restaurant, whether you like light or a more hearty fair.  My first visit there, I had succulent sea scallops. Then I tried the duck, which was cooked to perfection and was full of flavor.  Save room for desserts.  Their pastry chef is very creative. 
Wait, did I forget to give props to the bar? Silly me!!  Their mixologists are stellar.  There's a great drink menu to order from, or you can order more traditional cocktails.  They can handle it!!I've thoroughly enjoyed every meal I've had at Dominique's... and I've had a lot here. They are consistently great and have a modern, exciting ambiance that could fit in as seamlessly in NYcity as much as it stands out and shines in New Orleans. Everything from the lighting and decor to the drinks and food is spot on. Good for groups or dates. They also have beautiful, one of its kind private space for special functions.This was the best private luncheon ever.  Ladies were served by handsome young men that were on the spot helpful.  Finger food range from hot spinach pies to wonderful imported cheeses, big fabulous salad, crusty bread and great Pinot  - desserts were delicious with soothing coffee to finishThe first time we ate here was marvelous - a 5 star experience, last summer. 
We decided to come back for a family celebration. And did it fall SHORT!
Before I go into details about OBVIOUS restaurant flaws. I would like to say: "the atmosphere is lovely and outdoor seating is marvelous."
Now on to the shittiest restaurant experience in a long time.
We sat outside in the courtyard. The glass table tops were DIRTY. Since we were the first party to be seated for dinner, I am sure it would have been obvious for the staff to wipe down the tables beforehand.
We had to ask for the music to be turned up, because nothing is more obvious ( again) than a restaurant courtyard, quieter than a cemetery.
The server came out promptly. The server the assistant came out promptly and served bread. The bread was probably picked up from the throw away container for stale breads from a grocery store, that was on its way to the nearest fish aquarium. 
I have never experienced bread so STALE. Even at a chain dinner, one would get served a piece of freshly baked, or same day baked bread. 
I know its free bread, but if you can't serve a piece of whole some bread at a dinner where I would dish out $200-$300 a dinner, PLEASE DO NOT SERVE IT AT ALL. IT IS INSULTING!!! PLEASE DO NOT INSULT YOU CUSTOMER!!
Then came the appetizer special. If you would like to call it a special, then a piece of TURD should be given a new definition in a dictionary. The so called cognac infused chicken liver, aka turd. I feel actually entitled to call it such, because I have dined at the best restaurants around the country and the world. So please do not serve me something that looks and probably tastes like it came out of bumblefuck expired goods from a convenience store in the middle of nowhere.
I was sweating bricks worrying my entrees would completely devastate our dinner, and our party of four would hate the experience at our once beloved Dominique's.
The entrees were just fine. I wish we all ordered just those and no appetizers and denied the bread.
On the bright side, there are 100s of amazing restaurants in Nola. So I am sure we will be just fine for next dinner. But for those just considering Dominique's for the first time, do not order appetizers and avoid bread, and hope for the remainder to be fine.Wonderful restaurant with a diverse and interesting selection. The cocktail menu is very creative - particularly the Pho drink. The lobster appetizer was amazing and included an impressive amount of seafood. The staff was very nice, but slightly slow (we were told they were short staffed that night, though).A (belated) update:
Not long after my review, I received a nasty message from some who _CLAIMS_ to be the owner of Dominique's - PLEASE NOTE - _CLAIMS_. I have no way to verify it. However, I will say that based on the comments, I believe it to be from either an owner or manager.
That said, the message accused me of being old, having no taste or food knowledge of any sort, and not being able to afford such pantheons of cuisine as Dominique's. Well, in fairness, I ain't as young as I once was. As to the rest, well, I'm sure there are folks around that have more knowledge, more money, more "taste" (however you define it), and are just plain better looking than poor ol' me. And I'll bet most of them would not think much of Dominique's, either. In closing, the message-writer told me to never, ever, under any circumstances return to "his restaurant." I'm pretty sure he at least skimmed over my review, hence his language, so I would have thought he would have figured a return trip was not likely even without his dis-invitation to do so. And not to brag, but my wife and I regularly dine at many New Orleans' institutions (newer and classics) as well as many of the best restaurants the US and outside the US. Granted, that fact alone doesn't make us experts, but that, along with our knowledge and interest in food does make us competent to review a restaurant on Yelp.
It further claimed that his waitstaff was extensively trained and took a 100 question test, of which they had to get 90 right to work there. French cuisine, basic French, and anything at all about wine must not be part of the training or the test. If the restaurant claimed to be Chinese, that might be understandable, but if you claim your place is "French," the staff having some general idea of at least something "French" might be something to impart to them in the "extensive training." It might also help if the "incredibly knowledgeable 'wine staff'" (is that sorta like a sommelier-lite?) knew a varietal from a blend and knew what the French names of the American wines actually meant.
About all he managed to demonstrate is that he is a silly, silly person with absolutely no restauranteur skills, and if he were in the kitchen the night of our visit, it completes the picture of someone who probably needs to be on some Food Network show bitching about how the "contestant" didn't properly integrate the gummi bears with the squid ink and yak testicles in the appetizer round...because they claim, anyone with any taste at ALL knows that you stuff the gummi bears into the yak balls, not try to make gastrique with them...
Anyway, as to this place and its owner (or rep or manager or whatever), my review stands - this is a silly place, with silly people on both sides of the pass-through, attempting to put one over on folks who don't know any better.
Simply, if you actually do know restaurants and food, there are better places all over New Orleans and the world, from causal to "fancy" and everything in-between - don't waste your time or money here.After a great meal there last night, I feel compelled to leave a review even though I haven't in the past.  I went here for dinner with my frequently visiting parents and am glad I pushed for Dominique's.  My mom had wanted to go to Patois, which I also love, for a repeat dinner but we were all happy we'd decided to give Dominique's a shot.
We had 6:30 reservations and were promptly seated; the restaurant was fairly empty then, which can be awkward but wasn't.  Service was attentive without being cloying.  The lead and back server worked well together and we never felt neglected or hurried along, which often happens when you have an earlier seating.  The head chef even came out to the dining room 2 or 3 times to make sure service was going well.
Our food is what really made Dominique's an all-around new favorite.  My mom started with the beet and watercress salad (which I tried and loved) and I started with the arugula and oven-dried tomatoes salad which was served with ribbons of grilled zucchini and squash.  It was good, but the beet salad was better.  For entrees, I had a great duck breast.  My mom had the pork chop and once again I think she made the better choice.  My dad had seared scallops with fettucini  which the sous chef brought out to explain why one of the scallops was very pink (it's because scallops take on the color of whatever they eat).  It was a nice and not wholly necessary touch.  For dessert we did the cheese board which featured one house-made cheese and four choices from local cheese shop, St. James Cheese Company.  There was also complimentary banana (maybe plantain?) cotton candy that I pretty much inhaled on my own.
Overall, it was a great meal.  It's fine dining without being stuffy or intimidating.  As my dad put it, he didn't feel judged for drinking beer as is sometimes the case at nicer restaurants.  We did start off with cocktails that were well made and delightfully strong.  The bottle of wine my mom and I split was a great recommendation and very reasonably price.
I would definitely come back here and would actually love to just do drinks and maybe a sweet dessert outside on one of the few courtyard tables.This is a bar more than a place to dine.  Went on a Friday night, the place was empty.  We were highly disappointed with the staffs understanding of the menu and left.  Do not believe the hype you see online and eat dinner at a Link restaurant.This review is based mostly on the fantastic bar at Dominique's although I really like the look of the whole place and we enjoyed a couple of appetizers with our stellar cocktails.  The wagyu tartar was particularly appealing and my wife said her lobster salad was one of the best things she's eaten all year (I presume she means the past 365 day as I didn't really get to try it before it disappeared.)  We went for the cocktails, but will definitely return for the full experience.  So, about the cocktails... Kim, one of the finest bartenders in New Orleans (hence, the world) seems to have carte blanche and is making great use of her time.  She is crafting extractions of unrivaled creativity and building cocktails to showcase the same.  The cocktail list is particularly long for a small restaurant so there is much territory to cover before it changes.  Each drink is worthy of attention, so the obvious solution would be to plan several visits.  Although creativity is the hallmark of Kim's menu, perhaps more impressive is the level of integration she achieves.  These are truly expressive cocktails that are also extremely accessible.  They will satisfy the most rigorous enthusiast while remaining transparently delicious to those who are not cocktail dorks.Wow.  This spot may no longer have its namesake "Dominique" but the dining experience was spot on,  This sophisticated and friendly restaurant won me over from the start with fresh baked sweet potato bread and continued to impress with each dish from small plates thru dessert,  we loved the pork belly and grits small plate along with the shrimp remoulade and the ravioli....but the wag yu short rib burger with gruyere tater tots won us all over,  the best dessert was unexpectedly the guava panne cotta.  And the lime cocktail was amazing,   This place rocks!  A new fav in NOLAChef Dominique Macquet  has partnered with Mauricio Andrade to open an amazing new fine dining experience Uptown on Magazine Street in New Orleans.  Featuring wonderful fresh, local ingredients the dishes show French, Creole, and Nouveau influences in a beautifully renovated cottage.
We started with duck fat fried chicken and deep-fried macaroni and cheese and I will be coming back for seconds on that!  Rachel started with a luscious lobster salad with sahved celery root.  Our entrees were the Maple Leaf Duck and a Kobi Beef Coullette that were delicious and light and perfectly done.  For dessert we were treated to a chocolate volcano and a goat cheese cheesecake with local honey.  The cheesecake was a standout full of complex flavor and the honey was just fabulous.
The staff were very attentive and not oppressive and the renovation is just lovely.
All in all a five star evening and we look forward to going back!Menu for the night:
red shrimp appetizer
lobster with celery root salad - huge chunks of lobster
filet
blondie
All were amazing, except maybe the shrimp appetizer. We were in a private room for a meeting, so I can't review on the overall atmosphere in the dining room or the waitstaff overall.Food was disappointing and service was shitty. Steak tartar was the "best dish on the menu" according to our waiter but was really flavorless. Half our party got their drinks immediately while the other half waited about 15 minutes for them to appear. The curry shrimp entree wasn't great either. The cumin was overpowering and the risotto was dry. Best thing I had were the grilled veggies, which is just kind I sad in a food hotbed like Nola. I wish the menu had more traditional Nola dishes. Also ordered the flourless chocolate cupcake for dessert to make up for my below-average meal and was confused when it didn't look or taste very chocolatey. When I asked the waitress, she unapologetically informed me that the chocolate cupcake is actually white chocolate (ew) and that because it's a new addition, the "white" element may not have been added to the menu description. Freakin bizarre. They were also out of the only cocktail that looked good on the menu. The waiters were slow and had serious attitude. Not a fan...As always Dominique's is amazing, innovative and delicious! Having been in town a few days, we were ready for a change.
We ordered 4 items from the appetizer menu. I had the shrimp ceviche and Waygu beef tartare. My guy ordered Foie Gras and Sizzling Royal Red Shrimp. 
The hand crafted cocktails are equally amazing. The Pho Cajun Sour- WOW!
Get here as quick as you can, you'll be glad you did.What a night we love this space, food, drinks, waitstaff, bartenders... Everyone is so welcoming and attentive. The manager and chef frequently visited our table  throughout our fantastic dinner. Our server Claire was very helpful with the extensive wine list helping us find the perfect bottle to pair with Dominique's amazing fusion cuisine. We will be returning soon hopefully to sit on the patio.This place has a wonderful ambiance. Excellent service, Tar Tar/ appetizers, entrees and spectacular desserts. Definitely French!Wonderful!!!  Very inventive menu.  Love that they grow their own herbs on site and you can go outside and try them.  Stunning chef dining room.  A must try ...  The Pho Cajun Sour cocktail!  I'm thinking I may move to New Orleans so I could go to Dominique's every week!Dominique's new location on Magazine St is a much better fit then the previous one in the Quarter. The dining room is spacious and clean and the service is better than most post-K. The wine list is intriguing but not expansive and we tried a 14 year old Pinot Noir. While it did get better as it opened up it really wasn't my thing but the prices on wine are VERY reasonable. The appetizers sparked more interest to us so we tried a few-cheese board (rather small portion) oyster cerviche, which was the highlight of the meal, and...Fried chicken with mac n cheese. Unfortunatley the chicken was more gimmicky then sucessful and can be passed over. The entree was lamb, prepared well, and overall a good dining spot for a quaint meal. We even were blessed with Archie Manning dining next to us for all you Who Dats out there haha.Great happy hour drink specials and appetizers too.  I haven't been for a full meal, but what we had at the bar was good enough that I will go back for sure.I loved this place before they moved to the new location. I was excited after reviews and seeing their impressive fresh herb garden in the courtyard. We arrived late for dinner on our fateful night. Our waiter seemed nice enough and offered their specialty cocktail. We took part as it was an anniversary celebratory dinner. We each ordered a drink and all 8 of them were on the really sweet side. The best by far was the Pho sour. Sounds weird but the spice helped cut the sour mash. A few people ordered the appetizers and agreed the salad was nothing special but the shrimp ramelade salad was the best.
 After appetizers our waiter picked up the plates and offered us more cocktails while we waited for the entrées to arrive. And wait is what we did. Several times the waiter stopped by to offer cocktails and bread. We refused further drinks but jumped at the chance for bread because we are still hungry.
 At the 30 minute mark, since the pick up of our appetizers the house manager was seen walking around and talking with other tables and avoiding our group of 8 hungry adults. 
35 minutes our waiter comes back and says our food will be out shortly, more bread. 
45 minutes later he comes back and says I thought the food was for your table, but it is all for the large party upstairs. More bread.
 50 minutes later we have had enough and we are ready to leave. My wife and I leave from the table and walk to the front door. We were kind enough to stop to tell our waiter that he can cancel our entree's and the rest of the party will tend to our portion of the check. He finally got the house manager involved and he begged and pleaded for us to wait "5 more minutes.' The head chef was involved as well because he was walking around the dining room and talking with staff. When we attempted to leave both him and the manager were behind the hostess stand so after they begged, we stayed and waited for 55 minutes for entrées to be served after the appetizers were bussed. I know that they had a large party upstairs, and am forgiving to a point. But we ordered our food 90 minutes before we could eat and almost an hour between servings is unreasonable. If we had not gotten involved with the head chef I wonder how long we would have waited.
The entree's had finally arrived. The food was mediocre at best. It may have been good if I was still hungry, but bread and water filled my stomach and I was not happy to be eating the food he just rushed out of the kitchen after waiting so long.This review is for Dominique's on Magazine and I'm not sure how the name got changed to Apolline (rumor says Dominique's is moving to a new Magazine location).  My last visit here was one of the most expensive I've had in recent memory and my portion of the bill was around $200 for three courses and our table split three bottles of wine (but I did go with some of my wine snob friends that think the wine isn't good if it isn't expensive).   The menu was very compact but they had several off menu specials that sounded tempting and I opted for one of them.  Everyone in my group enjoyed their food and we all focused on different versions of red meat (I enjoyed my lamb).  The space is a bright, comfortable, and fun environment while respecting the historic features of the building it is in.  You get free cotton candy for dessert which is interesting but a bit sticky and messy.  Overall it wasn't my favorite style of food but it was good and I enjoyed the atmosphere.  It certainly is worth an occasional visit but I probably won't be a regular here.If I could give this place 4.75 stars I would. All the old reviews cant be for the same restaurant they just reopened 2 months ago? Chef Dominique did not leave any stoned unturned the bar matches the restaurant design,  food is great, herb garden in patio,  cute restroom sconches differing men from womens, cocktails are stellar even the chairs are nice. You cant get any better unless you add more modern and technological aspects. My hats off too anyone involved in the project you did a great job.
The free house made bread is soo addicting. The pulled pork with kale and beans were scrumptious. My friends were a big fan of the Bone Marrow. I cant wait to go back to try more drinks and food.The only reason attracted me into this restaurant is the picture on yelp, it seems very well decorated. However, actually it looks not as nice as it seems in the pictures.
The food is ok, not very impressive, I don't know if it is because I tried the coolinary dinner menu (35$ three courses):
Appetizer
Garden Fresh Basil Wraps
Jumbo pink prawns, local green papaya, roasted tomato remoulade
Entrée
Seared Local Fish of the Day
Crispy Colorado Lamb
Baby local lima bean salad, melted mozzarella, harissa-mint lamb jus
Dessert
Local Blackberry Panacotta
BTW, I almost cannot recognize it as French restaurants, not only because of the food taste, also it kept playing some mid western music, which was weird.Food was really good, service is dismal. A jillion wait staff running around but nobody knows what they are doing. Wrong appetizers, double delivery of appetizers, bread not delivered until late in the main dish course, plates set down in front of the wrong diner. Waiter was visibly irritated  by our chatty group.  Small issues but there was an issue or a mistake with EVERY interaction. Lovely decor, great food lousy service.The restaurant looks great. The ambiance is awesome. Their bar is incredible the two bartenders are very knowledgeable. The bar manager that created the cocktail menu is great I indulged a bit to much on the cocktails.  Unfortunately the food was disappointing I ordered a louisiana lump crab that was tasteless and salmon with papaya sauce that over powered the salmon. Needless to say I didn't order an entree.This is, sadly, for the bar only...
I had some time to kill and really wanted an adult beverage. Saw a couple through the window enjoying ceviche and I was sold. What makes me what to go back was the great drink list, including what I had - the Nola Pho Sour.Just go there for yourself you will see what I mean, decor, food, drinks,service,ambiance and Chef Dominque is an ultra talented who can say they served Nelson Mandela his first free South African citizen after his major jail sentence a South African Shrimp Remoulade??Can't say enough about the food here.  Went with the wife and another couple.  Our waiter immediately suggested a few different specialty cocktails, which we all decided to try.  I was intrigued by the Pho Cajun Sour which proved to be interesting AND delicious.  The 4 of us shared both Ceviche's, Sweetbreads, Foie Gras and the Beef Tartar appetizers and they were ALL prepared perfectly.  My top 2 favs were the Cobia and Octopus Ceviche and the Beef.  Fabulous!   We then ordered the Duck and Lobster salads.  Once again, duck and lobster cooked perfectly and we cleaned those plates with the warm, fresh bread we were continually plied with.  By this point we were getting kind of full, so the wife and I split the Grilled Local Cobia, which was off the chart awesome!  We shared a dessert and I had a lovely white port to end the evening!  I can not wait to go back!  We heard several people rave about the "spaghetti and meatballs" and were told it is nothing like we have ever eaten, so I'm looking forward to trying that!
The one and only reason I am not giving Dominique's 5 stars is because we were there for a fine dining experience and we all felt like we were being rushed.  Somewhat annoying, but not enough to keep me away.This place has been open for less than a month as I write this and the food and service has been top notch. 
Restaurant space wise - it's beautiful and cozy inside. Lots of wood, whites and candlelight surround this restaurant in a modified New Orleans double household. It's a beautiful space inside - small but airy and intimate at the same time. 
Drinks wise - the wine list is separated by flavors and bodies for the newbie wino's which I thought was great. However the bartender - who apparently is known for making mojitos - granted my friends liked them but damn were they STRONG. I can't stomach a strong cocktail myself but my friend was chugging them like crazy. Bonus points that they grow their own mint. 
Food wise - 
Appetizers - 
Steak Tartare - beautifully done. lightly seared as it's not all raw but with the avocado cream on top and kind of an asian kick to it - it was amazing. 
Duck Fat Fried Chicken with Mac and Cheese - chicken. fried with duck fat. enough said. 
Duck Confit Leg - I wasn't too crazy about this one. Then again, I tend to dislike dark meat in general. 
Pork Belly with Cured Watermelon - came out "lollipop" style - great. the pork was nice and crisp while the watermelon had some salt on it - nice balance of sweet, salty, and savory. Get this appetizer. 
Entrees - 
All of us had the scallops with fettuccine and beans in a butter sauce. Scallops were cooked perfectly - firm but tender - the fettuccine was a perfect al dente - and I mean perfect. However the beans were made to be "crispy" for texture but I think the chef undercooked the beans a little too much. 
Dessert - 
They were coming out with cotton candy - this time it was green apple with a sugarcane - it was great. 
Chocolate Volcano with Vanilla Gelato - amazing. Chocolate Lava Cake warm and gooey. The others had to do with a goat cheese cake and a floating island thing that was too tart but I was kind of drunk so yeah.
Service is pretty good - there's this lovely manager who's named Jenny who makes her rounds and asks how you are doing. The restaurant is open a tad little later (until 1030) so that's great.
A little tweaks to the menu is all this place needs - but the service, decor, and most of the food is a welcome new addition to Magazine Street. Oh, and they have outdoor seating too.Extraordinary dishes and drinks. The Lobster salad stood out, as did the beef wagyu entree. Great and reasonable wine menu. Fantastic space-- the courtyard will be the place to be in the warmer weather. 
Great job, again, Dominique!Best meal I've had in New Orleans in a while, and as you know, that's saying something. 
In June, Dominique's was doing an Argentine tasting menu on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, so we went to check it out. Two of us got regular dinner menu items, and two got the tasting menu. Everyone was happy.
I can never resist duck on a menu, and this duck was SO GOOD. Juicy, flavorful, juicy, delicious, and juicy. Perfectly cooked. My boyfriend nearly got a fork through the hand when he kept trying to steal bites. 
The cocktails were also very tasty and obviously lovingly crafted. Usually I find those seven-ingredient cocktails (only three of which I recognize) a little fussy and underwhelming, but mine was lovely.
Our server had a trainee trailing along behind her, and he was a little awkward, but that's really nobody's fault, and other than that the service was perfect. Attentive but not fawning.OK, where to begin? First, this place is not "French" and it isn't Creole (in the old N.O. sense - Spanish or French in the New World).  We gave this place a try and could find absolutely nothing to recommend it. We had reservations and were almost an hour late in being seated (and the drink prices are pretty silly for N.O.). And WTF is Vietnamese beef noodle soup doing in a cocktail? Anyway, after specifically asking at the time of the reservation to be seated downstairs (because of one person's knee injury, disclosed to the reservation-taker), they attempted to seat us upstairs. More waiting. Downstairs, however, is louder than the dome after a Saints TD. The service? For these prices, they ought to have real waitstaff, not kids who don't have a clue about food or really, professional service.
Then came the food. It was OK at best (and no, the pre-dinner stuff doesn't factor into this). The duck was a wreck - one person went, um, quackers and had the duck confit as an app, the confit salad and the duck breast as his entree. The confit was, well, different. The breast, after specifically being ordered RARE, was served about medium. And the excuse? "Well, that's the way we serve it..." Yeah, OK - nothing says "traditional French" more than blackened duck breast and "confit" made, seemingly, by pan-frying scraps of duck in restaurant supply "butter-flavored all-purpose kitchen grease."
As to the rest of the meal, nothing was so poorly done as the duck stuff, but everything was just, well, ill-executed, out-of-place or just plain weird. Royal Red ceviche? "Local" yellowtail snapper? Where are we - South Beach or New Orleans? "Wagyu" beef MEATBALLS?! It's as if someone watched a season's worth of some trendy cooking show and said, "hey, we can probably do stuff like that and folks will just empty their wallets at our feet!"
The girls in the party had desserts and none were insisting that the others "had to try this" about any of it - how in the hell does a restaurant manage THAT spectacular failure? I mean, really, and no offense to ladies, but normally, from a guy's POV, you could melt a cheap Easter bunny over some stale mashed gas station snack cake and get at least "Oooooh, chocolate...me want chocolate..." out of one of 'em.
And the wine list? Well, true enough - it was a list and it did have wine on it. The sommelier? Well, I'm sure they'll get around to hiring one, but until then, they'll "ask the bartender - they've probably tried that one." Our guess is that the liquor saleperson says "we've got a good price on these 10 flavors and you can mark it up big-time" and whoever orders the supplies says, "Cool, dude - give 5 cases of each flavor!" As a specific example, nothing says "You're in a fine French restaurant" like having the first "red by the glass" be a varietal from Oregon with a French name: "L'ÈCUME." And for those folks who don't speak French, apparently much like the staff at Dominique's, "l'ecume" roughly translates as "scum" (well, so OK, it could be "foam") - yum, yum, when it comes to wine (at silly prices), you just can't beat a nice glass of scum (or foam). Seriously, though, and to be fair, it could mean "sea foam," but we didn't try it and have no idea why a winery in Oregon would choose such a name. Fortunately for diners at Dominique's, the liquor peddler had already sold the last case of "Merde" (a rather cheeky Merlot from famed California vintner Seymour Butts) to someone for a gift to their ex in-laws.
If it weren't for tourists and trendiots who have moved to N.O., this silly hipsterdipster palace would be long gone. If you go once, I understand, you like to make up your own mind, good for you. If you go twice, well, OK, maybe you had to because of clients or you're the type to give a place two chances.
Lastly, the atmosphere, or lack thereof in our party's opinion. Too loud, too trendy, everything from t-shirts and jeans - and no, spending $150 on a collarless, short-sleeved shirt, i.e., a friggin' t-shirt, does not make it suitable for dining out at anything approaching or claiming to be a "nice restaurant," and no, spending $150 on denim pants, i.e., jeans, likewise does not make them any more suitable than the aforementioned t-shirt - to jackets and ties.
But if you go twice and BRAG about it, well, you deserve it and it deserves you. You just aren't New Orleans and you never will be. Starbucks is a huge-ass company thanks to folks just exactly like you...may you always enjoy your mochafrappafoamiato (decaf and non-fat foam, of course) and your Framboise Chocolate Sloe Gin Iced Tea "Martini" (with just a misting of Pabst Blue Ribbon-infused "vermouth" from a recyclable free-trade organic sprayer, of course). 
As for us and everyone with whom we regularly associate, once was a gracious plenty, thank you very much.I mulled over my choices for my birthday dinner several times --an old favorite or someplace new. I decided to go with the latter and chose Dominique's for a lot of reasons but mostly because I have always loved his food. I was a big fan way back in the days when he was at the helm of the Bistro at the Maison de Ville as well as his place in the Quarter. And I was one of the all too few who were lucky enough to experience his take on French influenced Vietnamese fare at Tamarind,  which seemed to be open all but 45 minutes when it closed.  My lovely dining companion was excited too because she loved her dinner at Dominique's prior place on Magazine that now goes by the name Apolline. 
So after a cocktail at Cure we headed to Dominique's. The space was as cool as I imagined - very sleek and chic. I brought some of my own wine which I had been saving for a special occasion (and what's more special than my birthday, right?). I was a little miffed at the $25 corkage which is way too high. In my opinion, $15 should be the max corkage. The wait staff was a little unpolished, but helpful and friendly. No complaints. I had a tough time figuring out what to order since it all looked so good. For appetizers we had bone marrow which was a special that night and the oysters in cauliflower creme fraiche. Frankly neither was spectacular. Solid but no wow. For entrees, I ordered the lamb chops and the dining companion ordered another special, a coulette. Coulette is a cut of beef not often seen, at least not down here. I had it in NYC at Per Se and loved it. It's taken from the sirloin and has great flavor and texture. Dominique stuffed it with cheese and did an amazing job with it. It was the star of the evening. My lamb chops were awesome too, no complaints there at all. It's just that the coulette was better. So better in fact that the dining companion, who is usually generous with the sharing, gave me just one bite. Hmmmpf!
The only downside is the noise. I don't mind a noisy restaurant, but this place is ridiculous. Once the restaurant filled up and the patrons got  tanked up, it was prom level noise. We were literally screaming at each other. And there are so many easy ways to reduce noise level. Dominique needs to think about doing something and soon.
 I definitely want to go back, and I have the feeling that this place is going to rate 4 or 5 stars if I do. I just don't feel I can honestly rate it higher than three right now.A fancy place to impress with food and decor. This place is all class, though our requests to turn down the artic AC were not taken care of at first. Beautiful courtyard, wonderful food, they bring you a pre-appetizer after you order, and everything we ate was excellent. There is also a more casual bistro attached next door, if they use the same kitchen, could be a good alternative.Ate here last week. It was good but not fantastic. I had the crab ravioli, tuna tar tar, and chocholate suffle for dessert.  Best part was the free green apple cotton candy the chef gave us.  =)  The waitress/waiter messed up who ordered what so we had to do a lot of shuffling around.. and the bottled perriers are hecka expensive so yeah, just drink tap.  Or you might even be able to drink wine for the same price.Inserts fresh batteries into gym class style megaphone. Begins review...which is best read as if spoken through megaphone.
Why so loud, Dominique's?! Your location on Magazine St Uptown + sleek & sophisticated decore + wait staff + fresh herbs & ingredients are all on point. But the noise level! My ears continue to throb from my Saturday evening dining experience. The noise level is why this review is 3 stars & not 4. The noise level is why I cannot recommend this establishment for business dinners. The noise is why I will not return for a date night.
The saving grace, a lovely courtyard growing fresh herbs. Yes! I will return on a crisp fall evening for a pre/post dinner drink in this space. 
We went during Restraunt Week 2014 & enjoyed: BABY MIXED GREENS & GRILLED LOCAL SQUASH SHERRY DIJON VINAIGRETTE + SEARED LOCAL FISH OF THE DAY (which was a skin-on Drum) + CHEF'S SIGNATURE PASSION FRUIT PANACOTTA. From the line-up, I'd return for the Passion Fruit Panacotta. 
From the shouted at us specials, we ordered the meat-nut-cheese plate. The waiter did share with us the name of the plate as well as the items on the plate, but, socker! we couldn't hear him. 
Alright, enough of this megaphone review! Over and out!The atmosphere in here was really nice, comfortable yet elegant, with pretty lighting and mirrors on the white painted brick walls, and a small, quiet patio in the back.  The set up of the restaurant can make it a little loud on a busy night, however my friends and I came here in a large group for a birthday dinner so the volume wasn't an issue.  They did an expert job of handling our group, even taking photos for us, and giving us free champagne for a birthday toast.  For my meal I had an appetizer and salad, the duck confit and an eggplant mozzarella salad.  The duck had great flavor, and the skin was just crispy enough.  I also tried some of the octopus, which was excellent.  My salad with eggplant, roasted red peppers, fresh mozzarella, and balsamic, was really good, although I sort of felt like I could have made it at home (my own fault for ordering something so simple).  My favorite part of the meal was the raspberry goat cheesecake dessert, which was not too sweet, rich creamy texture, and crust-less but with some crunchy toasted almonds.  One of the main reasons we chose this place was because we needed a vegetarian option for some people, and they have a vegetarian entree of the day.  This particular night, it was not something anyone in our group felt could suffice as an entree (a ratatouille style vegetable blend with no starch or protein).  That was disappointing for some of my friends, but their menu changes frequently because they try use local ingredients, so maybe that was just an off night for the vegetarian dish.Beautiful space but the love affair stops there. All the food was very salty despite asking for no salt.  The Pinot noir was sour and the waiter, bartender, and manager argued with me about that until they tasted it and agreed.
My dish of cobia--supposed to be grilled--, pappardelle , and supposedly roasted cauliflower was piled in one bowl and looked like a white mess.
There was no lime in the sauce.  The spinach component was 5 raw leaves sprinkled on top.
I do not recommend this restaurant.Dominique never disappoints. He offers creative, full of flavor food that is light and delicious. In a city where everything is heavy with cream and butter sauces, this is hard to find. Cocktail menu is fun and creative. I had the Pho Cajun Sour and Loved it!
Our waiter was Alex, very knowledgable on wines, cocktails, herbs, favors. He invited us to visit the herb garden in the courtyard. I would have enjoyed dining out there but it was rainy.
 I ordered the Royal Red Shrimp ceviche appetizer and the Griled Local Cobia and loved them both. 
The restaurant decor is very modern and stylish. I personally prefer more traditional.
There were only a few customers the night we were there BUT, it was during the Saints game on Monday night.it's a shame that i can't remember this meal to a T either, which means that it wasn't just spectacular.  i got the maple leaf duck breast with porcini and parsnip puree
duck cracklings, blood orange & duck essence.  the parsnip puree was extremely tasty and would ask for another side of it if i were you.  the yellowtail appetizer with local silver queen corn, peruvian yellow peppers, and kaffir lime oil was right on time.  really fresh fish.  i enjoyed my meal but not too sure i'm gonna be scrambling to get back.  i can see how people would like the quaint atmosphere and it would be a good date restaurant, but in the end it's just not standing up to the other options in the neighborhood.This visit was better than the last. They have added some new items to the menu and they are great. The short ribs are awesome and really tender. Tonight I had the new york strip steak with this type of hash brownish potatoes with flan. They rolled out a new cocktail menu they change it seasonally. They also started a happy hour and they start at 430. It is very loud when it gets full but happy hour out in their courtyard when the weather is right will be a nice whine down.Ok, I've really been a member since 05?!? wow, guess I've been busy! Well, I guess it's time for my first review:
Within minutes of walking in I was treated like not only a guest, but a friend. I was instantly introduced to several members of the team and look forward to returning to see their smiling faces soon! 
Bar 
Kim (of Bartender Wars fame) is a master mixologist. She created over 10 drinks for us, and left nothing to be desired. Her recipes were to die for! Very personable with just enough edge. 
Food 
We only had appetizers, but they were phenomenal. I don't remember the names, but steak tartar, duck, liver pate, mac n cheese were a few. The ONLY thing I would have liked was more flavor in the sauces (I'm pretty hooked on horseradish at the moment due to some stellar homemade sauce I received as a gift recently).What a wonderful experience we had this evening at Dominqiue's. The ambiance was energetic and accommodating and our waiter, Clarke , wsa attentive, friendly and knowledgable.
The food was exceptional, even in New Orleans where so may restaurants are outstanding. 
We started with Lousiana oysters both cold with sauce and condiments that were perfect compliments and baked with Gruyere which delicate and perfect for a cold winter's night. 
The beef tartar was beautifully plated and delicious and the baked Cobia fish with paradella and veggies was perfectly cooked and wonderful.
looking forward to returning as soon as possible.I want there once before I moved to NOLA, and I can't remember much but the fois gras, it melted in your mouth, and made you almost ready to go into a food coma.My very first trip to New Orleans, I was turning 21. My bf and I stayed at Maison Dupuy and went to Dominique's our first night in town. Everything about Dominique's was perfect. The decor, the service, the food, the wine, the dessert. I was so impressed by this place, that I kept coming back every night during my stay. Feel safe ordering whatever you want to order, you can't go wrong, cause Dominique's gets it right every time!Wonderful little gem on magazine. I was not sure I was at the right place as the building does not have windows in the front just a single door. But once inside delightful atmosphere and surroundings, great service and food to match. Scallops were absolutely perfect. Wine list also very good and had a range of prices with quality wine at all levels. It is a great little find!Beautiful atmosphere and simply a STEAL during happy hour. Plan to pair this with the park in better weather.  It's quiet on a weekday, so just prepare to entertain yourself.In short--the best dining experience I have had to date--ever!
superb food, great service, excellent wine recommendations, very nice modern ambience--LOVED it!  I will be back (and coming from Chicago) and would recommend it to all!  I will follow chef Dominique in any future ventures he partakes in--I am a devotee for life!All in all, just okay.  We had dinner on a Saturday night and enjoyed the food, but out of the four of us, none had a dish that made us say "wow".  I had the Wagyu beef and enjoyed it for the most part, not terrific.  Others had spaghetti (which may have been the table winner) and (I think) red drum.  Pretty expensive, a little bit of a dicey neighborhood, and all in all not everything we hoped.  Cotton candy at the end was a nice touch.  Wouldn't say "don't go", but wouldn't go back either.After several visits, I'm finally updating my bar centric review with more comments on the food.  Kimberly continues her march towards perfection behind the bar and Dominique is leading the charge in the kitchen.  This is one of my favorite places to eat.  I have been a fan of Dominique since his days at the Bistro at Maison De Ville.  I was sad to see him leave Maison Dupuy, but he's wasted no time surpassing previous successes in his current venture.
The basis for my appreciation of the food is largely flawless execution.  Creativity is present, but applied in a judicious measure.  It seems that harmony an integration are the focus.  The menu is appealing and I have found myself drawn into an escalation that disregards my inability to actually eat anything near the quantity of food that I am inclined to order.  I reluctantly caution the price sensitive diner.  There is a premium here that is in every way justified, but it might leave some crestfallen nevertheless.  If this could be you, sit at the bar and have a couple of appetizers for your first visit, because you should not miss out.Dinner last night with two friends.  We had to wait about 25 minutes at the bar.  What a fabulous bar.  These were the BEST cocktails I have ever had in NOLA.  The cocktails have all fresh ingredients but unlike other bars "experimenting" with the chemistry of cocktails these are amazingly good not just merely interesting.  We sampled 4 different cocktails one more amazing than the other.  Kim the woman behind all of this is obsessed with her job.  Her fresh ingredients and concoctions are the reason everything is so great .  Plus she obviously has a special palate.
Finally  they were ready for us.  For a minute we had a table in the center of the room.  So noisy.  We asked to be moved to the corner and the staff was very accommodating. Especially the hostess.
Settled in we could look around the room.  The restaurant is an a house which is very charming on the outside.  The inside has been gutted and is basically a large contemporary space, vibeless.  With really bright lighting and crazy noisy.
Our server was friendly but the service was spotty.  For example before we ordered I said we were going to order wine.  She took our food order but ran off to another table before we could order the wine.   We were headed toward that beverage gap between cocktails and wine.  A gap feared by any New Orleanian.
The food was very good but not mind blowing in any way.  Lobster salad with 5 basils was interesting at first but sort of boring ultimately.  We were all sharing and eventually I could not give it away.   
Fried green tomatoes were excellent served with a tiny amount of crab lost in a forrest of fennel.  I love fennel but it was odd to see it as an ingredient in almost every dish.
Beef tartare was great.
Entrees :
Lamb was wonderful, large portion with potatoes and a kind of salsa that really did not belong on the plate.  The meat was perfect temperature and the mashed potatoes really delicious.
Mahi Mahi cooked to perfection.  Usually the most overcooked fish in most places.  More fennel.  Curried rice with so much lemongrass?  that it tasted soapy.
The pork chop was okay.  A bit dry with an herb rub on the surface that called too much attention to itself.  There was Kale which I love so much and it was good but undercooked in a way that makes you chew and chew and ...chew.
Finally the desserts, which I was keen on, because DOMINIQUE'S Is the only restaurant I know in NOLA that has my favorite Dessert in the world. FLOATING ISLAND.
Biggest food disappointment of the year.  Their Floating Island is an" interpretation" of the classic.  The Creme Anglaise was ...green!!!! ugh flavored with creme de menthe???  Floating next to the meringue was a bunch of weird fruit.  Citrus, blueberries strawberries and Kiwi????  WTF I tried the green creme anglaise it was frightening.  Out of loyalty to my passion I took one more taste of the custard to make sure I wasn't being close minded ugh!  My friends tried it ugh ugh ugh.  we left it untouched.  
Weird ending.  We got the bill and something was wrong so we checked it closely.  The server seemed to be avoiding us.  At one point my friend saw her look toward our table and roll her eyes.  We asked the bus person to send her she never arrived,  finally after another 10 minutes we asked another server to get our server.  
Finally she arrived and we told her that she forgot to add the $80.00 bottle of wine we drank to the bill.  Shocked she thanked us for our honesty.
We live downtown and while the food was very good the atmosphere was too bright and noisy and somehow the actions of our server were a weird last memory of the experience. 
 Do not see myself going back to Dominique's.  Will never say a bad word about it but don't think I would reccommend it.  IRIS in the FQ  hits all the notes DOMINIQUE strives for.  It is closer more inventive and better run.  I will always have an envie for those DOMINIQUE cocktails though.a FABULOUS dining experience!
I took my boyfriend here last week and especially after a horrible experience at Cochon last night (pushy staff, unimpressive food) I want to go back!
I was so impressed by the chic interior, every detail down to the restrooms are beautiful! The atmosphere is fresh, lively and trendy, the food delicious and reasonable with a variety of choices on the menu.
Chef Gordon Ramsey would love this place.
And to top off what I already considered a perfect dining experience came cotton candy with the check! Needless to say I will absolutely return here !!!!Really good food and prices reflect that.  I had a wonderful steak tartare appetizer and then housemade fettucini with diver scallops.  Both excellent.  Intimate setting.  Interesting list of cocktails.  The one I had was delicious.  If you are looking for a special night out this is a good place.This place has a great atmosphere, very upscale and new yawky...but the food did not match the environment.  I ordered the vegetarian special, which I assumed that for 24$ it would be fabulous and creative, but it was nothing more that maque choux w lima beans instead of corn...literally...like how is that "special"? It was surrounded by grilled squash and that was IT. Completely bland and unimpressive.  We ordered one of each app and the only one I really liked was the shrimp wrap one...the sauce was delicious.  My friend ordered the Lamb entree and said it tasted like the lamb rolled in shit, all 5 ppl at the table agreed...most even suspected it wasn't even in fact lamb and they are chefs, soooo I think they know what they are talking about.  
I would come back in the future but only to drink, their bar is really nice and the menu was full of craft cocktails.  Its a nice posh place and I like the fact that they have a cheese plate and it looks like a great place to throw a party (in back). but the food isn't worth what they are charging...If I were basing this review soley on the cuisine, it would be flirting with 5 stars.If not for the cacaphony (I know, Mr Old Guy griping about the all these casual dining temples the kids are into are just too darned loud), I would add a star to my rating. If not for very spotty service (starting strong, finishing poorly), I'd want to add a 1/2 star for sure.
  ...but let's talk about the food, which is pretty amazing. One recent Saturday night, my lovely wife and I sat for a meal that was indeed amazing at times. A very tasty baguette was offered and devoured, then Paige started with the sautee'd sweetbreads (as she is perhaps one of the world's foremost authorities on the tasty thalmus/pancreas dish) and pronounced them fantastico. My lobster & celery root salad may be the best lobster dish I've sampled in years (going up my beloved Gautreau's lobster with tarragon and the spectacular lobster entree at Stella!). My grilled local cobia was perfectly cooked, but I was even more excited about the housemade pappardelle pasta bejeweled with charred florets of cauliflower atop luscious spinach in a sumptuous buerre blanc. My sweet's yellowtail may have been even better, and the basmati rice was the perfect starch for the succulent, steaky fish. We split the banana cream tartlette and it is now vying for my favorite dessert in town. Only a mediocre cup of coffee disappointed as far as items passing over our pallets. 
     Our waiter was friendly if a bit jittery throughout (perhaps his "adderall" dose was off?) and he eventually started disappearing for lengthy stretches . Seriously, the place is an explosion of noise, and this is coming from somebody who made his living for 20 years playing in a rock band. Food this good in such a stylish setting should not be undercut by such clamor.We called for a reservation on Tuesday, they were able to get us in easily, but the joint was hopping by the time we got there. Service was pretty good, they were balancing a couple large-ish parties deftly with the regular 2- and 3- tops.
Appetizers: my 2 dining companions had the young arugula and oven-dried tomato salad, I had the duck fat fried chicken with a macaroni and cheese, um, croquette. Well, more like a patty. A patty sized croquette. Anyway, it was pretty much the best fried chicken I've ever had and one of my favorite appetizers in the history of ever.
Entrees: my husband had the black drum with corn and mirliton risotto, I had the roasted and cured leg of lamb "farsi" with oven dried tomatoes, melted leeks, and olive oil whipped potatoes. Also some roasted carrots and the whole thing came covered in arugula with something savory and crunchy like... lardons? but ligter and crunchier. Lamb cracklings? I wasn't expecting that, but it was fine. Our friend from out of town had the Maple Leaf duck with parsnip puree. Damn, a good parsnip puree is just the essence of late autumn.
It was all super tasty- we definitely enjoyed our entrees- they were great ingredients, executed very very well.
For dessert, my husband had the lemongrass panna cotta with passionfruit coulis, I had the swiss chocolate volcano, and our dining companion had the goat cheese cake with "Honey from the Hood, by Dr. Brobson Lutz, Beekeeper." Also, they brought out a stick of cotton candy, which was so funny and random. And, well, unexpectedly delicious. Out of the desserts, which were all amazing, the panna cotta was by far the awesomest. It was served in a martini glass and the coulis was absolutely marvelous.
Had a couple cocktails- Hubby had a Chimay beer, I had 2 of something called a "Le Jardin" which had gin, port, and Geneivieve liquor? It was on the rocks and really yummy. DC had an old fashioned, which was made with their fancy cane syrup.
It was nice- a great space, great food, not pretentious, and a fun, bustling vibe. The menu was exciting and approachable, and the prices reasonable. Also: cotton candy!
I'd definitely go again.We came upon Dominiques completely by accident. We were in NOLA for our 25th wedding anniversary. Our first night there, we had gone uptown to our favorite live music bar, Le Bons Temp Roulle. But when we got to the bar we realized we were hungry for dinner, so we started strolling. Fortunately, the first place we found was Dominiques just a half block away. They had just opened the previous week and I can honestly say that this was the best meal we had in NOLA! The atmosphere was hip but warm, the service was superb but friendly and the food... well, that was just plain phenomenal. From the shrimp ceviche to the scallops entre to the goat cheese cake - everything was great. They even served us a "bouquet" of green apple cotton candy with our dessert. (Very cool.) Got a chance to speak with the chef, and he is very passionate about food, NOLA, and his new place. HIGHLY recommended. Get out of the French Quarter and see the REAL New Orleans!This place was formerly a fire station, I mention this because the interiors are completely re-invented into a cool bistro atmosphere. We went on a Monday night, party of 4. We enjoyed cocktails and starters, Beef tartare. Excellent! Then on to our first course, I had baked oysters, my companions ordered the soup of the day Cauliflower Lobster, very rich and beet salad.  We all agreed we were off to a good start.
Main course arrived after a reasonable while, allowing for some inspired conversation and a greeting from the Chef- Dominique. He welcomed us warmly. 
Main course. Two of us ordered the flounder, crisp and warm from the kitchen delicate flavor, good dinner portion, (not enormous) just right for 2 ladies looking forward to dessert.  The other meals were spaghetti & meatballs, my hubbie said small to reasonable portion, multiple meats in the meatballs ...overall a thumbs up. The other meal was Cobia fish and served nice and hot.. Flavorful sauce, she can't remember the ingredient, but it may be truffle. The item is on the regular menu if you want to check. Another thumbs-up.
Now dessert dishes... We ordered passion fruit pomade, praline and almonds with ice cream type, blonde mousse. We all agreed they were a  flavorful finish to good meal in an inspired space. Dinner was finished with a portion of fun and whimsical green apple cotton candy for the table on the house to accompany the check. 
Nice tip. Check out the courtyard during warmer months, another great space for relaxing with friends. The restaurant also has private rooms for functions.What a great place!  A friend of mine recommended this establishment based on her casually knowing the executive chef Dominique Macquet and hoping that he would make our dining experience a memorable one. However, when we arrived at this visually striking restaurant, we were greeted by a somewhat stressed out head waiter who explained to us that Chef Dominique was no longer involved with the establishment. We had our opportunity to leave, but we chose to stay and give it a shot....and boy were we glad that we did.  The head waiter Clark (previously described as "stressed out") was terrific, the bartender mixed great cocktails (I strongly recommend the Pho Cajun Sour!) and the food was outstanding. We did several small plates and one main course and ended with a shared desert. They were all presented beautifully and prepared in a way that layered textures and flavors creatively and (most importantly) deliciously. There was not one menu item that failed to please our senses. 
The moral to the story is do not give up on a great restaurant just because the "e chef" is no longer there. We're sure glad we didn't.Such an elegant place for dinner, and the food is wonderful. I'm holding back one star for the noise level, but otherwise first rate.Had driven by Dominique's many times but never got to try it until today. I thought the ambiance of the restaurant was really good. It has a back patio with fresh herbs growing in hydroponics, which I've never seen in a restaurant before. To drink I had the Pho Sour it was really nice and refreshing drink with hints of ginger, great cocktail for the summer. For entree I had the grilled cobia. Fish was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Flavors were balanced and the combination of purple and white cauliflower plus spinach gave a nice contrast of colors to the plate. A big plus in portions size.  I cant wait to be back really hungry. Desserts look amazing!I thought the food was very good. I was hoping for some New Orleans style grub, and this wasn't necessarily what I was looking for. The bar is great, special drinks and the nine... Fancy place, don't wear anything but business casual at the min.. We had the special soup at the beginning of our meal. It was AMAZING! I forget what it was but it had ground up shrimp? I think w/ a little hint of potatoes. Anyway! super good!, then my friend had the veil and I had the spaghetti... not my fav, but not terrible. The veil was great tho!I really enjoyed the dining experience. The food was great and the service was solid. I had a four course meal. My entree was was outstanding. I had the Redfish. It was cooked perfectly and presented in a pleasing fashion. I would go back to this restaurant again.Very tasty shrimp cerviche.  I had the steak stuffed with blue cheese dressing.  Everything was served quickly.  For dessert I had the goat cheese cake.  Plantain cotton candy accompanied the dessert.  Service was super friendly and the atmosphere was cozy.  This was the perfect post parade meal.I'm giving this review three and a half stars, but no half stars here...so it gets three.
It was time for fancy girl's dinner out, and since several of us had never been, we chose Dominique's. 
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of Dominique's.  The chairs were comfortable, we were seated by the big open window, and the lighting was beautiful.
The service didn't strike me as very personable, but at the same time it was still fine.  
I found the food to be fine, but it just didn't wow me. Some things were good, others...not so much.
I started out with the Baked Louisiana Oysters.  On the menu, this is described as gruyere cheese, bourgeois andouille, rutabaga.  What I got didn't taste bad, but it just did not work in any way whatsoever.  It was 4 good sized oysters...but they were topped with what seemed like a slop of mashed potatoes.  I couldn't even taste the oyster buried beneath it.  
A friend of mine got the Charred Rare Wagyu Beef Tartar.  It was delicious, and probably the best thing I ate all night.  I also tried the Cobia & Gulf Octopus Ceviche.  It was good, but nothing spectacular.  Another friend had the Lobster and Celery Root Salad.  It was really good.
For my entree, I had the Seared Maple Leaf Duck Breast.  This was just o.k.  It was a tad bit overcooked, and the skin was a little chewy.  Not bad, but not great either.  The only other entree that I tried was the special of soft-shelled crab.  This tasted pretty good, but was pretty small for the price.
We had two bottles of wine with dinner, and they were VERY reasonably priced.  I think the mark up on one of them wasn't even 100%.  Considering that a 300% mark up on wine is to be expected in most nice restaurants, I was pleasantly surprised.  I was happy to find a new wine favorite...Northstar Stella Maris cabernet.  It was priced at $45.  It retails for $30.
For dessert, I had an Almond Nougatine with crème praline, house-made pecan vanilla ice cream. This was delicious!
After all was said and done, with 20% gratuity added, we spent $80 per person.  I don't mind spending $80 for dinner and some wine, as I love fine food and the experience of it all.  But at the end of the night, I just didn't feel like this meal was worth it.  For that price point, I'm still putting Coquette at the top of my list.A wonderful local restaurant with an unpretentious ambiance and great French food. You won't see tourists at this restaurant; this is a neighborhood spot far far away from the din and madness of the French Quarter. Dessert is not to be missed and every meal is concluded with homemade cotton candy!This is a darling little restaurant, that has changed it's name!  It's now called Apolline.  A rose by any other name... The restaurant is small and cozy, but definitely has an elegant and luxurious quality.  The menu was creative and all over the map, not ethnically limited in any way!  there were empanadas, but also pasta, and great Louisiana fare! We were a table of 5, with fairly diverse tastes and needs (ie. 1 teenager, 1 allergic to shrimp, 1 not that hungry, and 1 desperate for Louisiana seafood).  The baked oysters were rich and delicious, the duck confit with Gorgonzola was perfect (the greens with it were perfect!) and the crab salad was as promised. THE COCKTAILS!  what a creative an delicious menu!!  the flight of tequila is fun and unique, the fluidity was my favorite! but the daiquiri was good and I loved that they infuse their own grain alcohol to mix. Even the virgin lemonade was made with lemons and simple syrup!! GREAT attention paid to the ingredients!  seemingly local and seasonal. 
Entrees: diver scallops got rave reviews, my flat iron steak was delicious!! I think the pork ravioli
We just couldn't do dessert, the mind was willing but the flesh was weak :(
I can't wait to go back (perhaps on a romantic tryst?)
Service: our waiter was delightful and service was good.  At times it looked like there may not be enough wait staff, but we were so enamored of everything we weren't impatient.Very nice black drum appetizer, and tasty sweetbreads on grits.  The highlight for me was the goat cheese mousse dessert , with poached pears and little lavender flavored jello cubes.I've put off writing this review because I wanted ti to be great but it wasn't.  Well, let me be more specific.  The drinks were really good, I especially liked my lemongrass pisco sour.  When our server, who by the way had great menu knowledge, heard that we came in for dinner mostly because we heard the bar was so great, the bartender came over to our table.  She seemed really excited that we were there and wanted our feedback, which was all very good.
My appetizer of lobster was perfectly cooked but the sauce it came with was kind of lackluster. It was fine but forgettable.  My boyfriend's pork belly appetizer was downright bad, texturally and taste-wise.  That was the first time I ever ate pork belly that wasn't delicious.  My duck was also completely forgettable although the BF's steak with creole cream cheese was really tasty.  I was tempted to order that because thought it might be too rich but it really wasn't.  
Nothing for dessert really piqued my interest so we didn't order anything.  They did send out some plantain-flavored cotton candy but it tasted like artificially flavored banana Laffy Taffy.
It's a really pretty space, the cocktail list is wonderful and the staff seems on point.  However, only one out of four dishes impressed me and another one out of those four left me puzzled as to how one could make pork belly so unappetizing. I probably need to come back to try more dishes and I might if could sit in the bar and order a few plates. Too bad their bar area is more like three bar stools that fight with the hallway to the bathroom for space.NEW LOCAL RESTAURANT LURES IN SCOTT WITH PROMISE OF FREE BOOZE
In a historical turn of events, local New Orleans resident and somehow Elite badged Yelp reviewer Scott S. was lured inside of "Dominique's on Magazine", shockingly located right on Magazine, with the tweeted promise of free-flowing champagne in exchange for his being on camera. This kind of arrangement was not new to Scott thanks to his starring roles in such films as The Hunt for Red Cocktober, The Dork Knight, and the award winning Cloudy with a Chance of More Balls.
No stranger to cameras herself, resident mixologist extraordinaire and reality TV star Kim, a level 80 bartender equipped with a +5 to all stats drinking cap, took Scott and friends along on a guided bar adventure. Drinks of note included the Rose Maria (tequila, vermouth, bitters, syrup, and grapefruit) and the Frontier Old Fashioned (bourbon, bitters, dark cane syrup, and orange)
Vittles were also provided on the house, allowing the enjoyment of fried mac and cheese, duck fat fried chicken, off-menu duck liver pate, and steak tartare. Standing above all was easily the tartare with its avocado cream sauce and general cow sushi orgasmery. Dessert was goat cheese cheesecake drizzled in local honey and a side of cotton candy on a sugar cane. Say what? Indeed.
Asked what he thought of the place once full of drink and apparently mostly duck fat, Scott was quoted as saying "Kim rules. Drinks awesome. Portions small. Prices high. Beef sushi! Where pants?"Fancy, excellent food in the French Quarter, about two blocks from Bourbon. The wine list was very strong. The food was exceptional.
I had the goat cheese appetizer. Melted in your mouth, full of flavor, and very filling. Looked like a little garlic clove, a nice touch.
For the entree, the restaurant recommends conch (There's supposedly a carribean theme, but anybody who's been to the Carribean will tell you that they don't eat any of this food down there). I had the duck confit, and was exceptionally impressed. It was full of flavor, not too chewy or too dry, and just plain delicious.
One word of warning, however. The service is really slow, and its really cold, as are many establishments in New Orleans. Wear a long sleeve shirt, and if you get cold easily like I do, wear an undershirt. Also, don't go if you have somewhere to be the next day. We got there at 8:00 and didn't get served the appetizer until 9:45, and the meal until 11:00, and the restaurant was pretty empty.I think the restaurant is really cute for a date night because I love the crisp, fresh, atmosphere inside the house.  It's a little crowded and it gets pretty loud in there.  The drink menu was really interesting so it was hard to narrow down my choices.  
However, I had a much different experience than another vegetarian Yelper on my food experience.  I ordered the chef's garden inspiration and I cannot justify paying a regular entree price (around $20) for a few small heaps of vegetables.  Had it been more like $5-8 then that's fine but when you actually take the chance of putting a vegetarian dish under your entrees then it should actually be a meal, not a side dish.  I went in November so maybe they have changed the dish and added more food?
I did enjoy the random green apple cotton candy they served for dessert.