Best pate chaud hands down!
The food in the restaurant is decent, but nothing special.  The rave is all about their bakery.  Their banh mi are good, but I usually come here for one thing and that's their pate chaud which is pretty much an asian meat pie.  I've tried pate chaud from Houston, TX to San Jose, CA and I still can't find a place that has pate chaud better than dong phuong.I was completely taken aback to see a banh mì sandwich place on the far outskirts of New Orleans.   I had not known of the restaurant, and encountered it strictly by accident.  But clearly it is a historic pillar of the surrounding community, culture and cuisine.  
The restaurant sits on the side of a rural road, in a startling large building, set off on its own ample lot.  Inside is a bakery with breads, a large variety of hot buns, a banh mì station, and other sundry items for order to go.  Attached is a full Vietnamese restaurant.  I did not order from there, but they were polite enough to allow me to bring my sandwich and bun over.  
I tried the toasted shrimp patty and a pork and jicama bun.  Both were good.  The veggies were terrific and the shrimp patty flavorful.  The bun was tasty, but I wish i was able to heat it just a bit.  I am not sure the sandwich or bun were truly top notch, but together with ambience and community, this is a real experience to savorbeen here a few times and haven't been wowed yet. I ordered the pork chops over rice. Fatty, thin cuts of pork. Next time, I'll order a Pho.I have never been in the restaurant itself, but have eaten many a sandwich in the parking lot. The scenery is dreary, but the #14 Viet sausage bahn mi sure makes up for it.  It is a lovely Viet sausage split upon a bun with their special sauce and julienned cucumbers, carrots and peppers, topped with fresh sprigs of cilantro.  Once I had one where the pepper was so hot, I thought I had ruined my taste buds for life! (good times, good times).   The small French style breads are freshly made every hour or so, and are a real bargain ...worth the trip.   They freeze well. Add to this a variety of familiar and exotic baked goods, all tasty, and you have Dong Phuong.   Try the bright green pandan cake with the whipped iceing and fresh pineapple filling...you'll never miss McKenzie's again.   They also make cakes for special occasions and have a large variety of "jelly roll" style cakes, all excellent.  If the Durian cake (A type of Newton) is available...try it-you may just like it.   Nice folks.I've lived in New Orleans for 15 years, and this entire time I've considered New Orleans East a "drive through" place--nothing to see or do, just a place you drive through on the way to somewhere else. Man, was I WRONG. 
Still haven't had their king cake, but they serve up the trifecta of awesome Vietnamese food--great pho and goi cuon to eat while you're there, and get a bag of Bahn Mi to go. That right. A BAG. Stuff those babies in the fridge...King cake is amazing. Flakey but not dry. Like a cinnamon croissant. The cream cheese frosting on top sets it apart from others. A must try during carnival.The craving for pho can be intense. That's why while sloughing through the workday, I ended up here for a repast from the weary world. The dimly lit restaurant was just the thing. Their large menu isn't intimidating and the quick, friendly service was at the ready to offer assistance. I loved I could have cellophane noodles in my pho, which is how the dish was first introduced to me. 
There's options while you're waiting for your meal: staring blankly at CNN Headline News on the flastscreen TV or watch the interactions going on in the bakery, which is connected to the restaurant. 
The pho I ordered was all seafood and delicious; loved the shrimp was added to the piping hot broth so they weren't over-cooked. The broth was both light & complex. I left sated and wondering how I could work a quick trip again soon.My goodness. This pho is heaven . Pho is 4.8/5
I tasted the broth and it reminded me of my family's favorite  #1 pho in San Diego. Pho connoisseur can just taste the broth and know what a good bowl consists of. Here everything is perfect in its proportion.
It is an awesome bowl in all aspects. If you are a local definitely try this great bowl of pho. I'm glad I found you Pho at Dong Phuong. Until we meet again. 
I also bought cold cuts banh mi to go. Stay tuned .....
So a day later... 
Starting from San Antonio to New Orleans and heading home to Maine.
The banh mi a day later is still good.
The bread is soft with good filling. Overall it is a great tasting sandwich. I did ask the veggies on the side and put it together when ready to eat so the veggies will not sog the bread.
Overall a great restaurant. This restaurant / bakery mail the goodies to Maine as well. 
Found this place from my local Asian market on Forest Ave.
Will definitely come back when in NOLA!Post-Katrina:  Not the same as it used to be....
I'm all for the reopening of any business in N.O. East.  However, when I came to this bakery with all great memories and anticipation of DELICIOSITY (haha)...I was severely disappointed.
The French bread is still good, but not as great as it used to be.  The steamed banana cake is NOTHING like it was pre-Katrina.  It's gooey and has no banana flavourings...just the dark green food colouring and sugar.  Blech!  
Their banh mi sandwiches are still okay..nothng to write home about.
Rumour has it that the previous owner had passed away and with him, all the recipes as well.  
Credit cards are taken with minimum purchase of $15 or $20.I have eaten lunch twice at Dong Phuong. On both visits the food was excellant. 
First visit I had a soup with braised duck and noodles. I was not sure how to eat the soup but watched the other customers who are mostly Asian and seem to know what they are doing and followed their lead. I added basil, cilantro, lime, and sprouts. I liked all the garnishes except the bean sprouts which only seemed to detract from the flavorful soup. The duck was a large leg and thigh on the bone. What I liked most was that the broth contained spices not usually found in American foods - allspice and cardamom ?
Second visit I had pho with lean beef. It contained a lot of beef sliced to small thin pieces that I could eat out of the broth with chop sticks or place on the spoon. Rice noodles were good and plentiful and all that was left when I was finished. Again the broth was excelant and contained spices that are foreign to my tongue.
The service and inability of the server to communicate with the non-vietnamese customer is the only reason I do not give this restaurant 5 stars. On both visits when we seated ourselves the choices were limited because so many of the empty tables were not bussed. This seems to be a problem there. Not sure why. The server is attentive to take drink and food orders but after that there was no more service. No ice tea refills. We waited for our check a long time and then were told to go pay the cashier whereas last visit a bill was delivered to the table. When you pay at the cashier, know your table number.
I don't mind getting acquainted with their style of service and adjusting to it. The food is so good they can get away with minimal service.It's rare that I find myself in New Orleans East. However, every time I'm out there, without fail, I visit Dong Phuong. The banh mi is fantastic and cheap. Taking home some bread is always a treat. Really, all of their pastries are amazing, whether you go for sweet or savory.Made the trek for lunch to buy a king cake from the bakery. Two flavors were available - cream cheese and plain (marked 'other'). I bought the plain and had a king cake party for the family to sample the king cake. Only one size is available for $12. I was able to cut it into 14 slices.
The cake had cinnamon swirled in it and was topped with both a white sugar glaze and colored granulated sugar. A baby came with the cake for the customer to insert or not.
Everyone thought the king cake was excellant - one of the best. It was very good for this style of king cake. I prefer more of a brioche style king cake with less sugar, no glaze, and no cinnamon. I was hoping for something more 'bahn mi' and bready. Good nonetheless.The holy grail of Vietnamese baked goods and bah mi sandwiches. Pick from 10 different varieties of bah mi from French meats to vegetarian. Make sure you grab some savory pastries too, they are unreal. I dream of Dong Phuong .Cashier girl in the bakery was really rude. Bakery is overcrowded with no room to walk. Can't buy some bread without someone stepping one me.Well what a mistake when I am on a "eat less carb" diet. The pastries look and taste very good. OMG the French bread was wonderful which makes the sandwiches excellent. The meat pies or empanadas were awesome! The waitress was very sweet. I ordered the Korean ribs and the portion was slightly small. The plate came with a lot of rice. I will return to the bakery on my splurge day!Soo nice to have the comforts of Vietnamese cooking so quick n easy n soo good too! Just had a Banh Mi Dac biet n bought some taro dumplings, haven't had taro dumplings that good since my last trip to Saigon!This place had yummy bread. The banh mi was just okay. We wished that the veggies were more pickled and the sandwich a bit more spicy. Overall not bad but nothing to write home about. An easy place to stop as detour on the drive back from a swamp tour.OMG! was so happy to find my Vietnamese hoagies away from home! The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!! I miss you my Nola East bang mi's! It kept my tummy happy when I was there!! I like watching the lady make the sandwich, too! It is like a factory assembling sandwich ready to enter my tummy.... And then open wide: CRUNCH! Ahhhh... Satisfied!This restaurant deserves high praise for its delicious food (both Vietnamese and Chinese), as well as its prices. It just doesn't get any better than this!This place really hits the spot. Its cheap and fast! They have the best Vietnamese poboys. It literally makes you wanna eat more than one. The meat pies/steamed buns come in different types of meat like combination, chicken, BBQ pork or regular pork. Its great to have for a snack or on the road types of deal. They have a wide selection of pastries. The banana cake with coconut dipping sauce is delicious (usually on the counter)!
The restaurant is connected bakery and it is just as good with a wide range of Vietnamese food to choose from.It was good, busy down right to business , 
Kinda of in the hood, just like Vietnam where the best food is in the ghetto.I love Dong Phuong. Large portions, cheap prices, full in flavor! The menu is extensive. They have everything you would want in viet cuisine. I wish they would open later then 4pm but the food makes up for it. Overall, it's a MUST TRY!Love this place! I give it two Vietnamese thumbs up. It's kinda off the grid, but it sure beats eating mediocre overpriced "Vietnamese" food in the city. Service isn't that great as they've usually got one or two servers working the whole restaurant, but the delicious food more than makes up for it. Plus the food is super cheap and doesn't take long at all to prepare, so ain't no reason to complain. There's a reason this place is always packed--it's the best Vietnamese joint in the city!i disclaim that i have not made it to the restaurant, and this short review is but a simple rave about their bread.
It is a hard thing to make great french bread as New Orleanians crave it, it is much harder, nay impossible, to somehow IMPROVE upon the very memory that the faintest whiff of such a wonderful product summons.  But indeed that Vietnamese prowess has done so, somehow, mystery of mysteries, and have by far far far altered the very history of the bread, and perhaps in time- the very fabric of the reality created when we utter the words "po' boy."
In the past, ive been such a snob to turn my nose up at clearly day old bread or even such second-tier (but quality, mind you, i'm not dissing anyone) bakeries.  There was once only one proper source for the real deal, the flaky crispy chewy perfection vessel for dressings and meats fried and shaved (hold my pickles, usually, unless there's butter involved then i'll just pick them off), and though i will resist naming that gloriously famous and Classical (with and intended-capital Classic) competitor, we all know who they are (god bless them) and if you don't open another window and google Po Boy to figure it out.  But now...  NOW: sometimes i can catch a whiff of this glorious bread from chef mentaur just on a streetcorner and not only does my gullet and soul smile and scream there's a new player in town, but I'll stand in awe and wonder for a moment, watching culinary (if niche) history dance sparkling in the air as if i can see it.
It took five times.  Five times i bit into a sandwich and my nose flared, by heart beat faster and i proceded to pick up my meal and rub it beneath my sensory array, stare deep into the pull apart crispness and faint dust of its exterior, pull apart scraps of baked carbohydrate and nibble at them like manna.  I usually, in fact, verifiably, combine both innard parts of my sandwich and eat only half the rest of the bread unless the gravy demands it.  I pull the tops off hamburgers.
But this bread, from this bakery.  i eat it all.  i bow to these skills.  I dream of a city where somehow, some way everybody else is innovating simply and enriching the very culture they are part of.Best rice plates in town!  It's our 15th time here and food are just good. I came here with my sister this time and we both ordered the pork chop rice plate. The pork chop was perfectly marinated and tender.
This place is always busy but our server was nice and quick. When we were paying our check, the cashier was very nice and asked if everything was doing ok.
Also, check out the bakery next door too. They have the best French bread there, which mean they also have the best Banh Mi (Vietnamese poboy)!
So even though it's kinda out of the way, we still come by every once a while!  It's worthy!I eat at this place EVERY SUNDAY after church with my family. I actually look forward to it because i just love to eat the clear noodle soup and the rice dishes. The service is ok considering that there are times i get the drinks after the entrees which i don't blame them because they are busy. One thing i wouldn't get is there pho, it never seem to satisfy me. Overall, i look forward to eating here every sunday.Best king cake in the entire city. Get the cream cheese filled. I promise you won't be able to stop eating it.My latest favorite king cake. Grew up on Randazzo's king cakes which are by far the best, but tried dong phuong's cinnamon king cake last year and I am now obsessed. They offer several locations to purchase their king cake in nola and are reasonably priced. When comparing king cakes it's difficult because they are prepared quite differently and offer their own unique flavor. Dong Phuong by far has the most unique flavor I've had thus far and can't wait to get my next one (got the baby).  Happy Mardi Gras!This place has been around for as long as I could remember, and I'm glad its still standing. I still consider this one of the best places to get thit nuong. That's about the only thing I love here at the restaurant. Another thing I've had here was the hu tieu ap Chao. It isn't amazing, but its pretty good if you are in the mood for that kind of thing. 
For the bakery, I LOVE their banh pâté chaud. I also love their banh mi nem nuong and banana cake with coconut milk.I can eat everything in the bakery and then go back for seconds. I love this place and have been eating here since I was a child. Every Sunday after church we would head over to the bakery for some banh mi and pa te so (flaky biscuit stuffed with pork and other fillings). The bread here pretty much melts in your mouth and you can't eat just one. Even eating it plain without any meats or veggies is delicious.
It's a must try! You won't regret it!Bahn mi is my go to here.  Never fails to satisfy and the price is right coming in at $3.25.  The bread makes the sandwich, I'm not sure what kind of meat is on the cold cut, but it's delicious every time!  There is always a short line but it moves quickly and your on your way to bahn mi bliss.  They do have a menu for other stuff, I think they serve Pho.. I've never actually sat down and ordered, but did make a point to drop in any time I'm in East NOLA.  Go there you won't be disappointed!This place is a diamond in the dirt. Hands down the best Vietnamese I have had in the south eastern region from Texas all the way to South Carolina. The Vietnamese traditional sandwich Bahn Mi is freaking Amazing!! Next to them they make their own bread So the sandwiches are freshly made daily.So I went here recently for there king cakes, well my grandmother dragged me with her because she had to have one. Disclaimer: I don't like king cake,  i mean I'm born and raised here and I've never cared for them,  ever.  But i wanted to go to see what other items they had.  I wasn't disappointed.  
First,  the kingcake was amazing!! Everything I thought a kingcake should be but no one was able to accomplish.  We were lucky enough to get there and get a fresh baked one,  with cream cheese filling.  It was warm! Got home and it was divine.  It was light, Flakey, and not too sweet. The filling was good as well,  but i dropped a star only because the filling wasn't evenly distributed.  
I also bought fresh bread,  and some meat pies. Everything was great.  I love Vietnamese food so i will definitely will be back,  just for the other treats and try their restaurant.  So glad my grandmother dragged me here. It's a gem in New Orleans East.I've only tried the bakery. I love this place. recommend the pork buns and the banh mi's with pate and chargrilled pork. can't wait to try them for lunch one day.
banh mi's will run you about $3 and they are by far THE BEST in town. and huge and so good. worth the 20 minute drive from uptown. 
pick up some bread while you are out there. we bought ours 3 weeks ago, put it in the fridge and it's still good and soft after putting it in the oven.Everything, especially the delicious banh mi, is so cheap! Wonderful sweet-savory baked goods that will surprise your taste buds. They even have a sit-down restaurant that has a tasty, pretty cheap menu. Totally worth every penny!Don't listen to Dianna down below. Can't trust someone who orders 3 different types of soup in one day just to blow her taste buds. The food is good, not amazing like how every Yelp member describe every place they eat, and it's inexpensive. Yes they have the best banh mi in New Orleans but also the Vietnamese food is straight. Either pay 8 dollars for a plate of porkchops with rice or 10-15 dollars for the same thing at another Vietnamese restaurant.Love the noodle bowls, bahn mi and pho. Don't forget to pick up some baked goodies and some bahn mi to go on your way out. Buy 10 get one free!OH MY HECK!
Showed up for the Bakery (that was closed!!) and stayed for lunch. Almost 2 o'clock and locals still streaming in. Stir Fry and Phō with pork- AMAZING. Fresh, flavorful, fast. Fresh herbs and veg, broccoli and shrimp were cooked to perfection. A bit out of our way, but worth every minute. Cannot wait to get back here. The meat pies in the bakery were incredible and absolutely need some more!!Best king cake and delicious pastries and always so fresh. Authentic Vietnamese and friendly staffSkip the sit-down restaurant, go to the bakery and sandwich bar in the back. Amazing! Worth a trip to the East!The baked goods are very fresh and buttery but I got these meat filled pastries that were absolutely delicious.  The green puffy thing had very moist mixed ground meat with beef, chicken and pork I believe, a slice of egg and some red sausage type meat enclosed in a soft airy like pastry puff.  The meat pies had the same type of meat enveloped within a sweet buttery crust.  I got two of them: one with chicken only and one with the sausage.   The quality of the baked goods are evident with one bite into them. They make fresh baked French bread about 9" and sell it relatively inexpensive. As I was getting the green puffs, I saw two miniatures pies, one apple and one lemon custard and I could've sworn that lemon custard was calling my name.  Needless to say, I got it but haven't tried it yet. It's looks very good and rich. Fortunately for me, I'm not a huge pastry eater or I'd hit this place up daily. As a first timer, I think I'd indulge from time to time.  I'd liked to have ordered a king cake from here because I heard they were great but they're not sold after Lundi Gras. Antoine's sells king and queen cakes year round with an advance order and most of these local bakeries should follow suit hence the four stars.  Overall, I'm still impressed and will be returning for the lunch menu options.Today, I stopped by my favorite bakery to get a few festive King Cakes to bring back to CA tomorrow for friends and families. I noticed the long line earlier this morning so I returned back around 10:00 am no line, but sold out King Cakes. The girl at the register said I have to come back tomorrow morning. She also said they will not make any more today.  An elderly lady came out with 2 pecan king cakes but it was not what i wanted so I said no thank you. Wow,  I thought there was no king cake. I paid for my pastries with an elderly lady.  She was super nice and told me they will have more King Cakes around noon.  She said I should come back at 12:00 and wait in line outside.  The cake should be ready at 12:30.  
As informed, I returned 11:50 am so I can be there early. It was packed inside.  Lucky I saw the same older lady. I checked with her if I need to wait outside since I am a bit early. She was apologetic and sorry. She said tickets number was given to customers for all the King Cakes. What tickets? I was there only couple hours ago no tickets mentioned or given. She said go to the register and get a ticket for the next batch of King Cakes tonight.  Approaching the younger girl again from this morning, I  requested for a ticket. She said, "we do not make King Cakes at night.  Come back tomorrow". If she informed me wrong the first time, what are the chances she is wrong again.  It only takes less than one minute to check with the baker if more King Cake will be made later. Her customer service needs a little adjustment. 
On my next trip returning back to NOLA, if this young girl still work here I will definitely not return.  I have a niece that also confirmed with me she had bad experiences with this same employee. I've been eating here since I was little before moving to CA. I bragged about this place to all my friends how this is my favorite location. Never had such bad services like today.A very good place with great affordable food. Ordered grilled pork and soursop smoothie and it was very good... I give it a 2 thumbs upAmazing food, casual atmosphere, good service. Make sure to hit the bakery & get french bread & a handful of great pastries!First time trying a Bah Mi sandwich (veggie), no regrets. This place is only 5 mins from my home. This spot may be my new $3.00 guilty pleasure. The bakery has so much to offer. Get the bread, trust me.My favorite place to get pho and bo luc lac (sautéed beef cubes). Really hard working family business! Love themRestaurant food is ok, but the highlight is their bakery. If they expanded their bakery, I think it would be better. Faves from the bakery are the bread, coconut macaroons, and praline tarts.Haven't eaten in the restaurant only at the bakery. The bakery items are a delicious treat. Cant find anything like it at a traditional bakery. Prices are very reasonable. They also sell Vietnamese sandwhiches made to order in the bakery. They are really good and inexpensive.Their Bánh mì is one of the best sandwiches I've had in over a decade. Fantastic and worth the drive. Also had a decent pho.
My recommendation: go for the pho and have a sit down lunch meal (house made lemonade was good).
On your way out, grab the Bánh mì from the next door bakery. Take it home and let it sit in the fridge for an afternoon. Enjoy for dinner.Delicious Bahn Mi.  And at $3 a pop, probably one of the most affordable meals you can find.
While you're there, take home something from the bakery.I can sit here and type a novel about this place, IT IS AMAZING.
Often busy and crowded, but I can't blame them; how can people resist this place? I love their sandwiches and Mi Kho. Last time I went however, the place was closed due to remodeling; which is must needed anyway. Can not wait to come here again and see how the new place turns out!This was my first time going to this restaurant and bakery and man I was impressed. The food was excellent and the poboys they serve are fantastic. I will be back.I grew up on the Dong Phoung bread! We used to source them to make banh mi of our own. The outside has a nice crunchy crust and it is super moist on the inside. 
Have you had a batch out straight from the oven? O MG ... you would want to wait for them to bring them from the back and just break into a few loafs and find bakery heaven!
After they are done in the oven, the bakery chefs spray the outside with a buttery coat to give it a nice glaze. 
The restaurant itself shines in its own way, but I will reserve comment only on the bakery. You can find all kinds of yummy delectables that will take you back to your childhood. Just like how grandma used to make it!
The butter and pate that is used to make the banh mi is yum yumm...Best bowl of bun bo hue in a really long time. Plentiful big bowl of meat, noodles and soup. Sandwich was mediocre I didn't like the baguette they used but the meat and pate was good. Banh mi has to be done with the perfect toasted baguette or else it fails. Their meat pastries were also very delicious. Only other bad part was it was about a $40 cab ride each way from the French Quarters. Next time I visit I'll make sure to rent a car and definitely eat at this spot more than once!They have the best Banh mi in town. I love their pastries too. Too bad its far from my home. If only I live closer, then I'll try every pastry they have. LOLThe best Vietnamese bakery in the greater New Orleans area.  I love, love, love the durian cake and banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) here, with an emphasis on "love."  Their banh mi sandwiches are made with the perfect chewy french bread and are slathered generously with goopy mayonnaise.  With your banh mi order, Dong Phoung also provides you with a styrofoam container stuffed amply with cilantro, pickled carrot and daikon slaw, and cucumber wedges so you can fill your sandwich with the requisite banh mi veggies to your heart's delight.  But be forewarned: the bakery line is long and unforgiving, and be expected to be jostled about by other pushy customers.There are many good places to get Vietnamese food out in New Orleans East, but Dong Phuong is one of the best.  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the smell of the bakery always puts me in a mood to enjoy a good meal.  
This place is generally pretty crowded, which is always a good sign.  Prices are reasonable and there is a variety of authentic Vietnamese dishes to choose from.  Pho is always a quick option, as other dishes may take longer to prepare.  Everything is pretty good though.
Also, one time I came in here and saw the most stunningly beautiful Vietnamese girl I've seen, maybe ever.  I never got her name.  But I will definitely come back here whenever I can to try and run into her again.The bakery has awesome pate chaud( French stuffed meat pastry). The restaurant side has a very large variety of food too. I like their rice combo dishes. It's really  good. Even though it's a Vietnamese restaurant. Lol. The rice plates comes with rice n different meats. They are really generous with their portions too. The only draw back is their always understaffed. Which I find annoying. The food takes awhile. But then again I don't mind the wait bcz the food is great!!!
Ps. My husband fav is Com #7Love there bake good. That says it all. They have sweet, savory, bready, flaky, meat, desserts and bake goods.Viet-French = deliciousnessI've gotten Bahn Mi hear many times. Especially because I thought the odd color and consistency homemade mayo was some sort of butter. 
When I found out it was mayo I stopped and will patron Bahn Mi Sao. 
I really hate mayo, hate it more than anything, even hate more than rich power structure that controls society. It's not the taste (though vulgar), color, texture, or smell (all disgusting), it's also the idea it even exists. Makes me upset to my stomach.
Anyway back to the review.
Bahn Mi is cheap, bread is made here, and I believe the meats are as well. 
Bakery is my favorite due to the over abundance of Mayo on the Bahn Mi. Loads of fresh Vietnamese and French pastries. All sorts of great meat filled pastries as well (my favorite), one day I will have to make a list of best places to get meat filled pastries.
Note that the bakery is separate from the restaurant, go in the back of the bakery to order your Bahn Mi.
I also believe neither of the pictures attached are from the bakery. And it seems other reviewers reviewed the restaurant on this page. The restaurant and bakery are SEPARATE! Different stuff, hours, and forms of payment. I think there is another yelp page just for the restaurant, or there should be.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants around. They grow all of their herbs fresh. The braised duck pho and the spicy beef are two of my favorites. Their bubble tea is also one point. If your not in the mood for Pho, the bakery next door offers a nice selection of pastries and Bahn Mi.still love this place, cause its rockin.   I went and got bahn mi for parades in new orleans during mardigras.   a month ago.   just today?  they finally batched their credit card sales.     KNOW THIS, stick to cash here.    when someone sits on your credit card bill for this long?   that says much to me....    sad.   it messed up the hubby's checking account.   ended up costing him double with the service charge.
however, cash is king.Rekt an early lunch today at THE best Vietnamese spot around IMO. Bakery and banh mi station on one side, restaurant on the other. Today I opted to sit down in the restaurant. 
Ordered Spring Rolls, Vietnamese Crepe w/ shrimp & pork, and Mì Vt Tim (Egg Noodle Soup w/ Braised Duck) with then intention of taking some leftovers to go. Got super full and still have a second meal.
I've been coming here regularly for six years and Dong Phuong never disappoints.Best Banh Mi Sandwich I've ever had.
Previously I've said I don't think I've had enough experience to know what a 5-star banh mi tastes like. Other places have always been good, but it never had the "it" factor. After a few bites here though, I found that factor I was looking for. It's unnameable, unknowable, but something you just feel from the depths of your soul.
What made it clear that this was 5-star was the bread. The bread here was perfectly crunchy and soft all at once. I'm not sure how, but it just worked together in harmony. The toppings were very generous and the prices were cheap ($1.95 for veggie to aboug $2.85 for meat ones). Uber cheap, right? My previous experiences with banh mi have always lacked in the ratio of meat to bread and toppings, but here it worked together.
Besides the banh mi's though, I got the BBQ Pork Steamed bun thing or whatever it is (sorry I'm not very well versed in these foods). That was amazing...and it was only $1.25.
Up until this point on my trip to New Orleans I was waiting for something to wow me, and I'm glad I came to Dong Phuong cuz it did the job.Thankfully I reserved my king cake online and was able to skip the half a mile line around the store and down the highway. Would I wait in that line to get this king cake? No. But I have to say it might be my all time favorite king cake and I'll be reserving online again next year.After hearing so many of my friends rave about this restaurant I decided to try it out.  We went there during lunch hour and the place wasn't busy on a weekday.  I had the spring roll for starters with the peanut sauce.  The roll was thick but tasteless without the sauce.  For my main meal I ordered the Combo # 4 consisting of beef, shrimp, egg roll and fried rice.  The beef was tasty but a bit chewy.  Afterwards we headed over to the bakery located across the room.  We bought some takeout baked goods to take home.This review is for the bakery, I did not go into the resturaunt that is connected to it.
FOr years I have heard about this wonderful bakery out in New Orleans East, but I never got around to driving out there until today.   I have to tell you, I will be putting more miles on my car in the future.
I went for the french bread, because I heard that it was the best in New Orlenas, and I thought I might as well try thier Bahn Mi.  Well, when I first arrived I was told that they were out of bread and that more would be ready in about an hour.   I was a bit hungery so I got a BBQ pork steam bun and a bottle of water.  The bun was wonderful, best I have ever had. 
To kill some time I took a drive over to visit the Bayou Sauvage widlife refuge (not a bad way to spen an hour on a beartiful October afternoon.)
When I got back to the bakery, the bread was ready so I ordered a few Bahn Mi to go and picked up my french bread. FOUR huge sadwitches and TEN loaves of the best french bread you can buy and all with change back from a $20!
Now I admit that the only experiance I have had with a Bahn MI sandwitch is from a couple of little hole in the wall places in mid city, and I thought that they were good. But, I did not know what a great sandwitch this could be until I ate one of my Bahn Mi from Dong Phuong!  The ingredients are fresh and the bread is wonderful crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside.  
Hurry, don't waste years like I did before venturing out to the east to try Dong Phuong Oriental Bakery!I usually only trek as far as the West Bank to get my Vietnamese fix but I have heard so much Dong Phuong hype that I drove out to New Orleans East to check it out.
When I walked in the restaurant, it smelled like a wet dog. The only non-disgusting explantation I could think of was that this was the smell of fish sauce? Normally, I can hang in moderate filth and get used to/ignore the stench, but this was super offensive and gross.
I'm a total pain generally, and I am specifically a pain when dining out because I am a vegan. I asked our server if the Taro bubble tea that I wanted had milk. She said yes, but they could make it without milk.
She came back shortly to take our orders and when my dining companions and I took the time to exchange a set of "eh? are you ready?" glances, she curtly told us that "if you aren't ready, I have to leave," nodding towards the somewhat full opposite side of the dining room. Rude? Whatever. Chalk it up to language barrier and forgive.
My bubble tea comes and I can taste that it has milk in it. I am 90% sure, but would like to ask and send it back if so. I try to catch eyes with my server but she is nowhere to be found. This is the case for the duration of the meal. I understand that I am a brat and privileged enough to impose semi-ludicrous dietary restrictions upon myself, but if I had an actual allergy to milk, this would have been crummy.
As for the food, I got tofu and stir-fried veggies with white rice. It was okay, but mostly just tasted like vague Chinese take-out stir fry. There were no vegetarian options indicated on the standard menu, only on the "Lunch Specials" menu so I had to inquire and pick from the three tofu options on there. My boyfriend had ribs, which were "really good" but came with a toddler-sized portion of white rice. My bastard friend who sleeps on my couch had some sort of beef pho and said it was "good, but not GOOD. I think Magasin is better." There was a really horrifying, bubbly piece of gristle in there that he did not eat.
So! Food-wise, it was okay-to-good for folks who eat meat, poor for vegetarians/vegans and universally stinky.
Bakery looked pretty good. Buncha little dragons and cats made out of frosting.After James Beard recognized their king cake I just had to try some of everything I could find. Red Velvet, cheesecake, and even cupcakes are all amazing and the cream cheese stuffed king cake is worth the wait to get my little hands on one!The bakery is an adventure and I would give it 4 stars, but the restaurant underwhelmed me so I'm going with 3. 
 I love going to places like the bakery,  and watching other's reactions.. This bakery seems to make all the Poboy rolls in NOLA! The loaves are about a foot long, very light, but crispy on outside. The price is right! 3/$1.25 which is better than Hong Kong Market which has them 2/$1.  
I wasn't impressed with the Banh mi's. The variety of fillings is more than any other place in NOLA ( like 15 different kinds)  but the flavors were no where near as good as the Banh mi at Hong Kong Market. Here they were really just sandwiches with a bland pickle of daikon & carrot, and without whatever "special sauce" HKM puts on theirs.  I wouldn't get one here again.  I do like the way they wrap them to go and put a label on each one.  Also the automated roll slicer was an interesting addition.
I had to try new pastries. On a friend's recommendation I bought a 2 pack of cream rolls which look  a bit like a mushy poboy but are made with a slightly sweeter, dough. Inside it was filled with what I think was some kind of sweet cream cheese filling-- kinda like long cream cheese filled donuts. very good.
The banana candies were also good. They are dark, sesame coated gelatinous square sweets with peanuts inside. It's along the line of Turkish delight but chewier.
The third new sweet was a rectangle of some chewy black (? Bean filling?) sandwiched between a flakey rice paper type crust (reminded me of the rice paper covering of Perugia).  It was ok, but would take trying it a few times before I could decide if I liked the flavor or not.
They have a variety of 3 inch mini pies- the apple and ?sweet potato ones were good. The little pie dough crusts were some of the best I've had-very flakey and crisp, not doughy or chewy like usual bakery pie crusts. I tried one of the green steamed buns filled with a lot of  meat and, despite the color which was a little off putting to me, they were absolutely delicious, meaty, flavorful, and the texture was perfect. Not really like Chinese steamed buns which are always too doughy in texture for my taste and are more dough than filling.
I also liked the savory pastries filled with meat, meat and chestnuts. The "dot" method for separating the different types was, I thought, very clever, but I  did have a qualm about whatever red"ink" they use to differentiate them.
In the restaurant, I had a cup of the won ton soup which was a simple thin broth with scallions and several dumplings. The broth wasn't very flavorful nor were the dumplings--and I'm spoiled by the won ton soup from Kim Ahn's which is delicious. 
We asked if the Ban Hoi Heo hoac was pressed vermicelli or rice wraps. The waitress assured us it was the rice wrappers, but it turned out to be pressed vermicelli. The flavor was good but other places are better.  That seemed to be the general consensus for all of us, all dishes from pho to vermicelli bowls to rice plates were ok but not really as good as other places.
The service in the restaurant was slow and not attentive. I wouldn't make another trip for the restaurant again- too many other more interesting Viet restaurant s, and others that are more flavorful and cheaper.
They do have a huge list of bubble tea flavors, and several I'd never seen: taro, soursop, red bean and mung bean, but bubble teas are expensive @$4.75 each.Come to New Orleans and miss the tatse of Vietnamese food? Dont worry, you come to the right place. The stir fried noodle is good. Pho bowl is beyoung exceptional. Love the placeTHEY ARE VERY RUDE..they're the "hurry up and buy" type. I stood in front the counter, with no line behind me, and was asked more than twice in the span of 2 minutes if I was ready to order. Even after telling the lady I was trying to decide my order. I felt rushed and unwelcome. I've lived in the area since the 90's and I don't patronize them for this reason. Thought I'd give them another shot and it's the same story. My wife inquired about items on the menu and the lady making the sandwiches acted like it was an inconvenience and proceeded to talk over our heads in Vietnamese. To make matters worse she took the initiative to just make our sandwich without knowing what we wanted! Seems like if you don't ask any questions and you're willing to accept whatever they hand you then there won't be a problem. Spend your hard earned money with a more deserving and appreciative business. Needless to say, but we won't be back.I love visiting Dong Phoung for its bakery. Everything is hot and fresh. Pate chaud is my favorite to get ( pork and onions) I recently tried their Vietnamese yogurt and that was delicious! Very light and the more you keep eating the better it gets. I always get a banh mi. Try something new every time you go. My favorite is the banh mi nem nuong. I've tried the restaurant twice and its alright. The first visit I tried the bun rieu and bun bo hue. The bun rieu was good the the bun bo hue was not that great. The second time I visited I ordered the bun tit nuong and I was a bit disappointed. They give you too much noodles. I had to take at least half the noodles out. The noodles were overcooked which I didn't like. I'll just just to the bakery from now onAnother GREAT visit to dong phuong.  The restaurant and bakery are divided by a shelf of pastries.  They are also separate businesses. I know this because I helped do the refinancing for the businesses after hurricane Katrina.
We ordered Chanh soda (lime with club soda), noodles with grilled pork and egg rolls, and rice with Korean short rib BBQ and a fried egg.
We went at noon after church on a Sunday. It's always very busy at this time.  Still we were seated immediately and someone took our order within 10 minutes.  The lady that took out order has. Even working there for at least 10 years and seems to genuinely enjoy meeting and greeting people.
My husband gets the lime club soda drink every time we come here.  The grilled pork was flavorful.  The egg rolls seem to be smaller than before.  They use to be huge - size of the pointer and middle finder. Now they're like cute little egg rolls - size of your thumb. In Vietnamese egg rolls so there's a meat, veggie, and clear noodle inside that is very well blended.  The noddles were cooked perfectly al dente.  It also comes with tons of sprouts, julienned cucumbers and carrots, and mint at the bottom.
The rice and Korean BBQ was exceptional today.  On the side is a clear soup with green onions and yellow onions that comes out first.  The entree itself includes a generous cup size helping of pickled cabbage and carrots.  The jasmine rice was topped with not one but two eggs cooked over easy.  There were 5 thick slices of well seasoned short ribs.  The rice and meat was topped with a sprinkling of green onions and fried onions lightly sauté.
On our way out we walked over to the bakery for a banh mi (#14 Viet sausage no butter) and some pâté chaud to take away.  The lines move quickly there usually.  This time we found ourself a behind two orders of 20 sandwiches.  The ladies were quick and efficient, but it's still a wait no matter how you put it.There dessert and poboys-Banh Mi are delis! I always leave with over 10poboys to bring home. All there other food are worth trying out also.This restaurant is unassuming, but the meat pies alone are a good reason to take the drive to New Orleans East for lunch. So good. 
And their king cakes are my favorite in town. I will go out of my way to go there for them. Not too sweet, and just oh so good. I also had an amazing birthday cake made here  for me with a dragon on it.Go there for the pastries and sandwiches. They are very good. Heck even the king cake is good. My coworkers really liked it. But don't bother with the restaurant. The food is not very good. Their pho Dac Biet was terrible. The duck was not fresh at all. There are a few other Vietnamese restaurants down the street. Go there for the food.This is a review for online king cake orders. 
During my trip home for Mardi Gras, I placed an order for a regular and cream cheese king cake to be picked up on Lundi Gras. I did so primarily as a way to ovoid waking up at the crack of dawn and standing in line, and to ensure that I had a king cake from one of my two preferred places in the metropolitan area. Admittedly, I did not expect the process of picking up an already placed order to be as easy as it was. When we arrived at 4pm and walked into the bakery, we were instructed to go walk to the back warehouse area, where there was a table and person there to provide any previously made orders.
The cakes were fresh and just as delicious as they are when you stand in line and get them the same day. While the James Beard award has created even more buzz around this very special the Village de L'est bakery, it is well deserved and the increased foot traffic will not keep me away, particularly when orders can be placed online.Delicious, no frills Vietnamese bakery in New Orleans East.  Everything fresh and tastyMy boyfriend and I decided to take a rainy day trek here after reading such great things about their banh mi. He got the Viet Pork Banh Mi (#5) and brought it to the restaurant side, but I've been a bit under the weather and decided to get pho instead. I am so thankful I did! The banh mi was definitely solid, but the pho was some of the best that I've ever had. The broth was amazing and they don't skimp on meat (brisket and round steak). We also split a serving of spring rolls and got some ca phe sua da to go. The portions were large, and only set us back $25. Highly recommend!