I could smell the food from the parking lot so I was anxious to eat only to be greeted by a not so friendly host who was reluctant to let me look at the menu while I waited because "we only have 200" and I was told my wait would be 30 mins.  Fifty mins later I was told they seated someone else under my name but I would be next.  The food was not as good as Willie Mae's and the service was horrible.  I was unable to get a refill on my water and the server appeared annoyed. 
Most customers ordered the buffet so I am not sure how the servers were spending there time.  My advice would be to stop in and enjoy the art and leave!!!Dooky Chase's Restaurant is one of the true classic New Orleans restaurants that stands up to the test of time. Have been a few times over the last few years, and the food and service are always excellent. Most recently went for lunch and opted for the buffet. All of the options (and there were many, including shrimp and lima beans, Jambalaya, shrimp Creole, fried catfish, and the famous fried chicken) were hot, fresh, and well-executed. The shrimp and okra gumbo is not to be missed.My party of three were all surprised by the lovely dining area.  Our servers were all very personable.   I must admit that I was not impressed with the fried chicken.  Don't get me wrong--it was good.  It had crispy batter and was moist, but it was rather "plain" with regard to flavor.  I did, however really enjoy a number of the other dishes on the buffet.  The fried catfish was amazing, although getting it off the bone was a challenge.  The potato salad was among the best I've ever had.  The shrimp and beans were also a stand out.  The peach cobbler--also great.  So, bottom line--this is a great deal.  For the price you really can't beat it, and there are so many delicious items beyond the fried chicken that will knock your socks off.Seems like people who are leaving the bad reviews are people who opted for the buffet. Don't do it. Just order the fried chicken entree. They make that to order so there's about a 25 mins wait, but so worth it!!! Also, get the gumbo! It was deeeelicious! Packed with flavor with the right amount of kick. Will def be back whenever we come back to NOLA :)This place is overated. The food was just ok. And the waitress with the short untamed red/orange hair was EXTREMELY RUDE!! Her name is Keyshaun!! RUUUN!! The only reason she got a tip was because of the automatic gratuity chargeMy husband and I were excited to try this place like everyone else from hearing awesome comments about everything. 
Arrival: We arrived a little after 11am which is when they opened. Around noon the place was filled up so I would suggest arriving early. Just a heads up my husband had on a jersey and had to put a shirt over top because his arms were out. We were seated after that. 
Food: I ordered the buffet option and my husband ordered seafood platter from the menu. The buffet was a nice selection. The fried chicken was my favorite. I wasn't a fan of the Mac and cheese. The other options were pretty standard including green beans, salad, potatoes, and rice. They were pretty good. 
Overall experience: We had a good time and experience overall. It's nice to go inside and see all of the artwork on the walls. The story behind the restaurant also makes you want to support it. It's definitely worth at least a one time, I have been, Experience.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d426333-r585669600-Dooky_Chase-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Very slow, rude waitress and mediocre food. The food itself wasn't awful, it just took too long and the attitude of the staff was very insulting.Overall great food-best Mac and cheese EVER! Good solid fried chicken. Was not a big fan of the greens (And I usually love greens)! Good service and friendly staff. Also a great place for people watching-you will feel comfortable here.I'm trying to not destroy this place bc I love my ppl and I really believe in supporting black businesses BUT this place was the epitome of the stereotypical black bullshyt you encounter when you try to support your OWN. What makes it even WORST is this shyt took place in NEW ORLEANS...the food capital of America. First off.. THE FOOD WAS GARBAGE!!! Canned okra, canned greens and bag salad..yes BAG SALAD from the local hood grocery store. It looked so bad we didn't even atempt to eat it. Ordered drinks and the server forgot bring it. My dad ordered the chicken creole and it was horribly unseasoned  I express again...THE FOOD WAS GARBAGE. It left us all sitting there wondering what the hype was all about and why in the hell were all these ppl eating here. Poor table sitting behind us were seated before our table and we got all our food, complained to the manager and paid and by time we were leaving they were JUST getting their food!!! Lmao. Crazy. The place had 2 servers for the whole restaurant on a FRIDAY NIGHT!! God damn shame! So you know the service was slow and horrible. I finally got up and asked for the manager. I complained about the service and the horrible food and requested to remove all items from my ticket so me and my fam could get the fuck outta there. The manager apologized but had an attitude that I complained about experience. Her response was the food was not good "According to your taste" with a slick undertone. The bill was over $100 and she only offered to take $50 off the bill. I shouldn't have paid for shyt but bc I LOVE my ppl...I paid $50 for not eating anything but a cup of gumbo and wasting 2 hrs of my night. I'm sure at some point this place had legendary food but this is no longer the case. See all other recent reviews and DO NOT GO HERE FOR DINNER. N.O. had many other places where you can get the good New Orleans cruisine you came for. PeaceIf you have ever watched Doctor Who, Dooky Chase is like walking into the Tardis. The neighborhood is SCARY!!! My kids were begging me to not get out of the car. HA! We did though. The outside of the building matches the neighborhood. The inside is super classy. Pictures of presidents and prime ministers that have eaten there. She was the inspiration for a character in Disney's Princess and the frog. We showed up at a slow time. The lunch buffet was running. My husband, son daughter and myself chose the variety of the buffet. The chicken was wonderful and my family couldnt get enough. The rest of the selections were plain and disinteresting. Some even too salty. Our waitress only had one table besides ours and I overheard her telling our waterboy that she wasnt going to wait on our whiteasses....quote. Our waterboy, turned waiter was very embarassed and was wonderful to us! We tipped him generously. I wont go back though.It pains me to do this but I don't know what went wrong this time because the food was not as good as I remembered. We got the lunch buffet which sounded divine as the waiter started to go over it and since they were out of half of the entrees on the menu we figured that that would be out best bet. We figured wrong. The red beans & rice were good, but that was about the only thing. The fried chicken was dry, which is why I prefer dark meat, which is also where all the fat is, but I digress. The cuts of chicken were unrecognizable. No drumsticks, or wings just sliced up sections which looked like the breast. The creamed chicken casserole was salty. The greens and string beans were okay but the meatballs had a weird texture and taste to it. Like more filler, less meat! It's unfortunate to because I was looking forward to bringing the family here when they got in town for graduation. The only other saving grace was the Arnold Palmer was which good, but the crust on the peach cobbler was a little on the thick side.What a disappointing experience at the restaurant on Orleans Ave.  We were told that we "must" experience this establishment before we leave New Orleans. To begin, we were coming w/a large party (9). We started calling around 4pm to see if reservations were required. No one EVER answered the phone so we drove over assuming there may be a bit of a wait since it was a Friday night. When we arrived the hostess greeted us by saying.."you must have a reservation" which was fine but we did not expect to be left feeling like we were completely inconveniencing and annoying the hostess that was seating us.  We waited about 40 minutes and she comes back to say, that she can seat us but it will be at two separate tables. This was not our choice but we understood since we did not have a reservation. As we are trying to decide how to split our party up, she again looks "very" annoyed and began to get very short and "snappy" with our guest. She was telling us where we "must" sit.  My son walks over to her to ask her a question and she replies .."I am only speaking to the person who is paying the bill". I was only made aware of this comment after we exited the restaurant; otherwise I would have addressed her on the subject at that moment. By the time we were seated I had completely lost ALL enthusiasm with regard to patronizing this establishment. I could not have cared less about the quality of the food, the level of service (that had been proven itself in the deficit already) or what famous people (President Obama) had eaten there before me. 
After being seated, I sat there 3 min and just did not feel good about supporting this business. I gathered my 8 other guest and told them that I refused to patronize an establishment that made me feel like they were doing me a favor to serve me.. (a paying customer).
The hostess appeared to be an employee that has worked there for many years (I could be wrong) but clearly seemed to be knowledgeable & running the front dining area. She was an older African American woman( fair complexion). If you happen to visit this particular establishment let this hostess  know that you've read this review on yelp and that you expect a much better experience that the one that you've just read about on yelp,  
Signed Not Angry, Just Disappointed.Wow. 
I'll say it again louder for those in the back.
WOW!!!
Why this place has some low reviews I'll never understand. First, the food: Everyone comes here for the chicken, & it is incredible, but there's so much more. All the sides I had were awesome, especially the rice & beans, the hot sausage, & the corn pudding. Even the asparagus soup, which I took a bit of only to be polite (I don't care for asparagus) was addictive!
Second, the service. They only take reservations for groups of five or more, so my wife & I had to wait just over an hour, but the hostess was polite & organized. The waitstaff was fine, but we had the buffet and only drank water, so there wasn't much for her to do. 
Third, the atmosphere. Beautiful decor, inspiring art, & the feeling that you're eating in an IMPORTANT restaurant for all that Dooky & Leah have done for the community. 
One of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. Don't believe the low reviews. You should eat here. I'll be back!An iconic chef and culture bearer, Leah Chase, is at the helm here. The dining room exudes a warm atmosphere one would associate with the a family member (if they were nice :) ). I was torn between the buffet and the Shrimp Clemenceau (sp?), decided on the buffet. Fried Chicken, Mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, salad, smothered cabbage and PEACH COBBLER. I was there catching up with a friend and it was lovely. Bonus that we could spy the lady herself being interviewed in a separate space as we exited. She had on a signature bright colored chef coat (pink) and looked like she was laughing. Heart melt!!!!!worst dining experience ever. not exaggerating. Severely short staffed, sat for 30 min before staff took drink order, another hour for drinks to arrive. Martini...all olive juice. "Mint julep" gritty green swamp juice. Dry salad came out with two Toll House crackers on it, food out lukewarm, salty, nasty. Staff kept saying oh we are checking on that, empty pledge. Manager was inept at checking in, common courtesies, bill came with built in 20% gratuity. Yea right. Bathroom disgusting, Kleenex boxes out for paper towel. Would never ever return to this "restaurant"The chicken is okay. It's juicy and the flavor is all there but the menu is simple. Coming from California if your menu only has a few selections to pick from, shouldn't it be quick (like In n Out)? Well, It isn't. The wait was long to get seated (45 minutes) and another 20 minutes to get the "Dookey Style" chicken. That's a lot of waiting. A lot. Especially if you spent the whole morning on a hot, humid albeit fun airboat tour.Great lunch buffet and fantastic chicken!!!! Also the best red beans I have every had!!!  Good people and very nice atmosphere!!!  As seen on TV, perfect!!!We went for the lunch buffet. Slow service, over-cooked food. Fried chicken was just OK. Had high hopes based on friends recommendation. Not for me!If you ever wanted to taste the soul of New Orleans then search no more   Dooky Chase is the place.  From presidents to laborers, all have enjoyed food from Queen Leah Chase's spoon.We made reservations for a party of about 20 for a Friday night and were seated in the back area of the dining room, which was nice as it isolated a group a bit from the main dining floor.  The restaurant has a lot of character and history attached to it even though the neighborhood is a bit wore down.  Service was a bit slow even though the restaurant was not filled.  Everyone enjoyed their food and thought the restaurant was a good selection.  Those who selected the fried chicken were especially pleased.  I had the stuffed shrimp and would pass on ordering them again.  I was a bit surprised that the dinner menu was so limited in choices.  My grandkids and myself were invited to visit with Mrs. Chase in the kitchen and that was fun.  She still helps with the cooking.  This restaurant is worth a visit.  You will find better food in the Big Easy but few places have this level of character and history.Dooky Chase is a restaurant that I would not have otherwise visited if I had not visited if I was not watching the Travel Channel rave about the sweet potato pie. The segment charmed me and the Disney fans in my mother and me could not resist the restaurant owned by the woman who inspired the main character of The Princess and the Frog. 
From the outside, the restaurant is kind of unassuming. We passed by it multiple times when we were trying to find it. Once you step through the doors, though, the inside of the restaurant is far more elegant and pretty than we expected. We were there for lunch on a Thursday, so the restaurant wasn't too crowded and we had no wait. 
We went with the lunch buffet and we were impressed with our meal from beginning to end. The white bean soup was full of flavor, the chicken was fried to perfection, and  the sausages were amazing.  I also loved the beans and rice. Most surprising on the menu, however, were the meatballs. I had initially, passed them under the assumption that I shouldn't waste precious buffet stomach space on something I can get anywhere. All I have to say is try them.  They're not like your typical meatballs. We topped off the meal with some great peach cobbler. I was satisfied for the rest of the day.
Not only was the food good, but the ambiance was great. They make you feel like you're at home, a quality that's hard to come by in most places these days. 
I only wish that the restaurant was open for dinner or on weekends. I would have loved to take the rest of our travel group back there.We went here around 2:00 & waited about 40 mins to be seated. All around the food was okay, mediocre at best. I wouldn't go again, but I don't regret trying it. I had the buffet, and the chicken was good, everything else was just alright. The fried shrimp was plain.This year, NOLA has redeemed itself with me, cuisine-ly (new word, get hip to it!).
Dooky Chase was on the list for this year and did not disappoint.  We went for the buffet and everything on it was delish.  The fried chicken was golden crunchy, moist and not greasy.  Those sausages were the highlight for me.  The green beans, mac and cheese, red beans and rice were all stars.  The peach "cobbler" wasn't what us northeners are used to.  DC's cobbler was more like a peach bread pudding.  We like our kind of cobbler with the strips of dough better.  
To look at DC from the outside, you never think the inside would look like it does.  Maybe a house that was re-done for a dining room, it really is a nice place to dine.  Overall, a great experience.Ok the friend chicken was excellent some of the best I've had. The gumbo was good as well. That's about it. The sides were not good greens were salty and Mac and cheese was dry. My friends got the red beans and rice  and chicken I tasted the red beans and rice and was very disappointed. Dooky Chase  is a beautiful place. I recommend going just for the experience alone but be patient because the wait will try you and the FRIED CHICKEN is all you need! LolCame here because I saw a Bon Appetite video on fave book.   
We arrived 15min before they opened for lunch Buffett and there was no line. 
We got seated right away and waitress came and tended to us right away. 
First you'd order your drink then go grab a plate and serve your self some food because it was a Buffett. There was a gentlemen behind the table helping you on getting things. 
Then as part of the Buffett lunch, a bowl of Mrs. Chase famous gumbo was served. Which was delicious!!! 
For $20 a person I was able to get about 2.5 full plates. 
The salad was nothing special. The pickled sides and potato salad was really good. 
The Lima beans and rice was amazing. It had shrimp in it. 
The greens was AMAZING. Like any greens prepared in NOLA. 
I didn't get to try the shrimp and squash. 
The pasta and shrimp crawfish sauce was amazing. The sauce had a lot of shrimp and crawfish in it! 
The fried catfish was good, but nothing really wowed me there. 
Fried chicken and Hot Sausage was THE best part. The sausage was not that spicy (or I just have a high tolerance). The fried chicken was crispy and tender, no wonder if won an award for it. 
Peach cobbler was not as sweet (just as I like my dessert) but I wasent blown away with it. 
The waitress was super nice to us. To sit in a room with so much history was an amazing experience.The crab soup was the only thing that was good. Waited over 45 minutes for my food (fried chicken & fried seafood platter). Food came out at room temperature. Our waitress was nice but only saw her 3 times. Some of the waitress were Socializing too much. We barely ate our food and left. Would not recommend. Save your money & go to a local eatery and you love the food. 
The history behind the restaurant is great but unfortunately the food & service isn't.After waiting for at least ten minutes to be acknowledged, we were directed to a table.  The service from multiple staff members was unsatisfactory.  We weren't offered a drink menu and when we requested it, it took at least 10 minutes to get the menus and another 15 before she came back.  The food was average and the red beans were not seasoned at all. The best part was the stewed chicken. They forgot to give us garlic bread and we had to wait a while to have our water refilled. Overall, the service AND the food pretty much guarantee I won't be back.The best thing that I ate here. Was the fried catfish and the gumbo. The buffet was quite expensive at $20 per person.The servers were nice and it is good to say I experienced it but I will not be back anytime soon.A local relative of my wife joined us to check out this famous restaurant in Tremé. I was particularly excited to experience their take on Louisiana-influenced soul food. 
The ambiance was awesome and the servers were on point. But the food itself was a let-down.
Each of us ordered the buffet. The consensus was that it was just okay.  I don't mind paying a premium $20 (plus extra for drinks) for a buffet but I expected to be blown away...or at least to have seen a seafood option. 
It's very possible that the entrees are of a higher quality. However, as the location is out of the way for visitors, I don't see us coming by again to give it a chance anytime soon.The food and staff was awesome!  Nice ambiance fitting to the New Orleans style! Dress is semi casual for dinner.  Will definitely recommend this to anyone visiting NOLA.My sister and I ate here in 2008 when we attended the Essence Music Festival.  The service was grand and the food was excellent!  
Starting with the service, we were greeted by Ms. Leah Chase's husband who sat us at our table.  Following his introduction, their grandson was our waiter!  Very handsome and very knowledgeable of the menu.  
The food was out of this world!! I ordered the fried chicken and was told that it would be a 30 minute wait.  I was fine with the wait and very pleased with the chicken!  It was well seasoned and the pieces were meaty and juicy.  We also each had the gumbo and while I do not eat beef or pork, I ate all of the andouille sausage in my bowl!  We finished our meals with dessert that we took back to our hotel, again, very pleased!
We were even able to meet Ms. Leah Chase and took a picture with her.  It was indeed an honor!!  We definitely plan to attend again when we go back to New Orleans!Waited @2 hours for mediocore food. Had to wait ab addirinal 20 minutes for the staff to restock the buffet. Greens taste like Glory Greens, chicken was tasteless and bloody...was not impressed.Pros: The food is phenomenal. Period. I am still dreaming about the fried chicken I ate here. The lunch buffet was excellent. I never thought I would ever like split pea soup, but I was won over by the smokey ham flavor. When my husband let our waiter know that we were on our honeymoon, we were invited to meet Mrs. Chase. She is a very sweet woman.
Cons: I was confused when I walked in the door. There was a room of patrons chatting and eating and occasionally looking up as they enjoyed their food. Several waiters buzzed around the room, but no one acknowledge us for at least 10 minutes. It was very awkward standing in the doorway, waiting to be talked to. I wish someone would have at least said, "I'll be with you in a few minutes."
When we were finally seated at a table, we waited another 15 minutes for our waiter. He said that there was confusion on who would get our table. My husband waited patiently for our waiter to take our drink order,and ask what we would be eating. I was tired of waiting, and grabbed a plate of food before he ever came by.
Maybe others would rate this way down for the bad service, but fortunately, ( or unfortunately?), THE FOOD IS WORTH IT.We came here not knowing what to expect as it was recommended by someone. Definitely get there about 15-30 minutes before they open. It's cute inside and everyone from the hostess to the servers were warm and welcoming. We had the lunch buffet . It was a small set up with a lot of amazing amazing food. The salad bar was great and the dressings flavorful. But the green beans were to die for. So so amazing! The fried chicken had the lightest and crispiest crust I have ever had. Next time we are in NOLA we will most definitely be returning!Flew into NOLA for the weekend & was very happy to find Dooky's open for dinner.  Dropped off bags at hotel & headed there immediately.  Oyster appetizer was excellent!  Two in our party ordered fried chicken & two had crawfish special.  The food was phenomenal, service was great, & everyone on staff seemed genuinely happy to serve & be part of the Dooky team!We had reservations on a Friday night with a group of friends.  Service was slow, even though the restaurant was not crowded. The drink menu was super confusing to look at like someone had trouble with formatting.. I ordered the broiled pork chops even after being warned that it was two thin ones vs one thick one. Omg, the chops were barely cuttable. It was as if they'd been boiled and then microwaved. They came with a bed of (canned) sweet potatoes. Everyone else was pretty underwhelmed at their food but mine was the yuckiest. My boyfriend had the stewed chicken creole and okra. He liked it but thought the gumbo portion was very small for $8.. Also the macaroni side was small but good. Not worth the tripThis place has been on my list for a long time and it didn't let me down. From the Rum Punch to the fried Chicken it was all good!!  Great stop while in the NO!!Worst service I've ever experienced. Rarely saw waiters in the room. Told it would be a 10 min wait and it took an hour. The buffet looked like vultures cleared it and never saw it refilled.My NaNa insisted I visit Dooky Chase when she found out I was visiting New Orleans. A short drive away from my hotel on Common we got there for Friday dinner before 5pm. Lucky for us a kind server let us into the bar area early as we was "cold" out.
Service was a little hit or miss. Our actual waitress wasn't very good, but the man in charge of water made sure our cups were never empty and the gentleman who let us in earned himself a tip by being so accommodating.
I tried the Creole Queen drink which was nice but not as strong as many drinks I had while in town. I also ordered the stuffed shrimp which were to die for! I could eat them everyday and the shrimp were huge. Also ordered the greens which weren't as spicy as I would have liked but nothing some tabasco didn't improve.
Looking forward to being in town during the week to try out the lunch buffet.Had a great pre-Thanksgiving dinner there!
Note: This was a private party where we had the whole place to ourselves. Leah Chase came out and visited with everyone after the meal. She is quite a lady! Very warm, humble and genuine! Awesome
experience!
Ok here is what we had:
Appetizer: gumbo. Very delicioso!
Salad: Fried green tomatoes with BBQ shrimp. YUM!
Entrees and sides: Fried chicken (spicy and tasty), fried fish, mac & cheese, turkey and gravy (of course), cranberries, oyster stuffing (awesome!), collard greens and candied sweet potatoes (both were excellent!)
Dessert: Peach cobbler with whip cream (YUMO!)Service was horrible. Food wasn't special. The buffet offered very limited selections. Disappointed overall.The lunch buffet was absolutely unappetizing. We ordered from the menu because of this and received meals that were beyond disgusting. I'm appalled that they sent this food out. Recommend: DONOT GO.. save your cab fare!!!!If you're looking for the best food in New Orleans,
this is it right here. James Beard Award Winner,2016,
Chef Leah Chase takes authentic Creole cuisine 
to the very top! Every biteful is a taste of history. 
You must make this the #1  place to experience 
on your New Orleans foodie adventure.One word EXCELLENT!!! Nothing else to sat from start to end great experience.. MUST visit!I must say that she does serve some good New Orleans home cooking. Something you can get at very few places around the city these days.Had a wonderful time here. The atmosphere brought me back to a different era and walls of fine art and photographs of prominent figures who have graced the space reinforced that. The service was lovely and the food was real as real could get - I felt honored & humbled to have my meal cooked by a James Beard award recipient and a legend who's still rockin' it in the kitchen at 93 years old. 
I wanted it all so I went for the buffet - the oyster soup, fried chicken and shrimp creole & jambalaya left me eating twice as much I usually do. And when I thought that couldn't get better, the peach cobbler gave me a taste of heaven on earth.Enjoyed the visit for the most part. Buffet was average at best, surprised they had macaroni and cheese as an option.  Also ordered an ala carte item which takes 20 minutes to get to you.  Our server Rhonda was very patient, polite and mannerable however, more attention must be paid to the details such as time between checking on customers needs and the amount of time to recieve the check was excessive.This was the best meal all week here in Nola. Got a chance to talk with a Living Legend in the food industry.  She shared some nuggets of Wisdom.If I could give no stars I would certainly have considered doing so. The hostess was great and my crab soup was delicious but the seafood platter was really awful. The pecan pie wasn't far behind but I think someone who's a fan of pecan pie may have enjoyed this more than I did.  Underwhelming is an understatement I was totally let down by this experience. I've had better fried fish from my local fish market.Line too long at WIllie Mae's so we stopped in at the tail end of lunch buffet at Dooky Chase. Definitely did not live up to expectations. Buffet was only option, yet there was no food in half the pans. Had to wait 40 minutes for fried chicken (although it was very good). Service was good, spicy sausage was good, everything else on buffet was mediocre to average. Would not go out of my way to go here again.Well, as one Yelper said, I will not forget the Fried Chicken...
It was so, so good. I still stand by what used to be the best in the world being Chicky's Fried Chicken in Long Beach, California, but unfortunately for the world, Chicky's is now closed for good :(
We had the buffett at Dooky's, and the "Hot Sausage" was wonderful, as well as the Fried Chicken. I wish I could have bought a few pounds of each to take home, but the 2000 mile drive in the car would have spoiled it.
The buffett is of modest size, maybe 15 items, including the various vegetables and a salad section. I'm not a fan of sea food (other than shrimp, lobster, scallops, English Fish & Chips, and some sushi), so there were several things I didn't try. The potato salad was good, but nothing near stellar, just plain old potato salad.
If you want to get a sneak peek at southern politics, you might just end up sitting at a table next to some obvious New Orleans politicians, as they do frequent Dooky's. Just be careful what you hear, the ones next to us were definitely up to no good...This is a staple in NOLA. Went here while on our honeymoon in Jan and thought it was going to rock us off our butts! 
Really great decor..love the red. 
New hubby had the buffet which was a little pricey but had fried chicken, red beans and rice..all the staples.
The chicken..sad to say..was pretty bland (my family is from NOLA so I know fried chicken!) and the baked macaroni had a fishy taste (per my husband).
Our server, while very sweet was very scattered and kind of out of it the whole time...made us wonder where all the reviews were coming from.
I was really sad because I expected so much more...as I sighed..they brought out the peach cobbler and I took a bite.
MY LAWD!!!  It was fantastic! I would return and get the peach cobbler a la mode to go but nothing else.
P.S. Sketchy neighborhood..but okay.Loved the atmosphere and the people. The food was a fancy, indoor picnic with all of the love one could cook into a dish. What a wonderful treat!This was one the top of my to-visit list for NOLA and I am sooooo so happy that i got to come here! I got the buffet and I enjoyed all the food I had, including the fried chicken which was wonderfully juicy and crispy. All the food tasted fresh and the service was impeccable (shout out to our server Kieshan, you were amazing hunny!!) and the Peach Cobbler (my favorite thing I got) was absolutley divine! I felt so honored to get a chance to meet the wonderful Ms. Leah Chase in person, as she was such a sweet and charismatic woman who's still thinking of new recipes to put on the menu at 94 years old! My hats off to you Ms. Chase and the whole staff at Dooky Chase!As first time visitors to New Orleans, we enjoyed the home cooking and the family feel of this restaurant .  We recommend it.  All the locals eat here! Be sure to check the hours.  I think its only open for lunch on weekdays.
The $18.00 buffet is the way to go.  Yummy gumbo, heavenly greens, New Orleans style potato salad, fish, fried chicken, pork roast.  All excellent.   The service was adequate - seemed like the servers are the relatives of the owners.  This actually added to the family feel of the place.  The neighborhood is a little rough, but parking is fine.  No problem.  Our only complaint - the peach cobbler portion was way too small.  I think you should double it!  
A secret New Orleans gem.First time trying this place. Had a good attentive service. Tried the buffet really thought there would be more options. Not very impressed but it was a experience to have. Food was delicious. They sit you down they bring your cup of soup. And it's self serve buffet style. Once done, dessert comes out last whatever their dessert of the day is. You also have the option of ordering off the menu if you don't want the food off the buffet. The location off the strip so a must drive to and find street parkingWent there with a large group so we were in a private room.  I arrived late with another person but was promptly seated. There seemed to be only one server for our group which was about 20 people and she never acknowledged me or my friend after she brought our drinks.  When we did get her attention and request something, she said they didn't have it.  Well they did because we were able to get it from someone else.  We watched as everyone else was served dessert.  Finally we requested it along with refills. We got the dessert but never the refills.  The dessert which was peach cobbler seriously lacked sugar.  I can make a better peach cobbler and I'm not even a cook.  There were not many choices from the buffet.  The food was not delicious and definitely not worth the price we paid. The fried chicken seemed to be overcooked and was bland. The place needs to be remodeled.  I have no plans to return.Best Fried Chicken I have ever had. 
And amazing waitstaff.  The wait when we came at 11:20 was 45 minutes but would have been worth twice that. 
Everything on the Buffet was amazing.Absolutely love Friday night dinners at Dooky Chases. Wonderful service, the fried chicken and stuffed shrimp are my go-tos. Leave some room for peach cobbler with a scoop of ice cream! Staff is great, highly recommend the experience of dinner at Dooky Chases Restaurant!There's no surprise this restaurant is an institution.
The staff and hostess were super friendly, and the ambience was great. The gumbo was delicious, but the real star was the fried chicken. So juicy and moist, with just a perfect amount of crunch. The serving size for the side of sweet yams was very small, but still delicious (but nothing really to write about.)
I do need to note that I called beforehand to get a reservation, but I was told just to show up. When I got there, I was told the person I spoke with should not have said that because of how busy it gets. I had dinner after about an hour of waiting. The food was definitely worth it, but I recommend making sure you get a reservation even if it's just for one person.We had the lunch buffet which included fried chicken,  fried catfish, stuffed peppers, green beans, shrimp pasta, hot sausage, rice,  lima beans with shrimp (really good taste), & a small salad  bar. The buffet included gumbo & dessert. We went on  Friday around 12:30pm. We waited about 12 mins. Good service & food.If you like fried chicken, be sure to stop by Dooky Chase's. It was perfect! 
I had the buffet: red beans & rice, string beans, sweet potatoes, greens, hot sausage, ribeye and chicken.
I'll admit, I passed over the salad...but I ate beans and greens to make up for it. Both of those were seasoned exactly how you would expect if your grandma or mom or dad is a southern cook.
The red beans and rice were spot on. I broke up my hot sausage into them to add some warmth (not hot-hot, but a great pepper "glow").
The steak is sliced very thin, and basted in a broth that is steeped in garlic (vampires beware).
I tried both white and dark meat chicken; both were equally good. The white meat was tender and juicy.
The sweet potato casserole was seasoned like Thanksgiving--and was just sweet enough.
My wife opted for the shrimp platter. Large shrimp, tails removed, in a light, crunchy breading. The cocktail sauce looked homemade.
The buffet comes with a dish of peach cobbler. This is a spoon cobbler, not a pie crust cobbler. Lots of cinnamon and sugar in there, with just a bit of whipped topping to cut the sweetness (wink).
Truly, if you aren't familiar with southern cooking, this is a great intro.I am only giving 5 stars because I really enjoyed the food. Dooky Chase probably has THE BEST fried chicken I have ever had in my entire life. 
Came to NOLA for my sisters 30th Birthday and Dooky Chase was on our "must go to" list. There is so much history behind the restaurant and its involvement in the civil rights movement is amazing. 
When we got here we had a party of about 10 and we did not wait long to be seated which was a plus. What I will say though is that they can do a little better with the service. We were sitting at our table for about 15 minutes before someone finally came over to greet us and ask what we were drinking. Finally after taking our order we waited what felt like years for our food. While we were waiting Leah Chase came out and made her rounds greeting guests which was so nice to see. Management did realize that my table in particular was waiting an extremely long time for our food so she sent over complimentary pitchers of lemonade. 
My table ordered a variety of food this way we could all try something different from the menu in one shot. When I tell you that fried chicken was hittin!!! Babbbbbby!!!! It was BOMB. The yams and the greens were also very good. One of my cousins had the fried fish, it was okay. I also ordered the gumbo which was very tasty, it comes in a small cup so not ideal for sharing. Overall I am so happy that we came here, it was an experience well worth it.Worst restaurant ever, 2+ hour latter and no food at the buffet. Was told 10-20 minute wait and an hour & half latter we finally got a seat. Very poorly run, terrible host staff and no food ready. After over 2 hours of waiting, was told another 30+ minutes for actual food.I must say! Martynique Hampton and Shirley Marshal was on POINT!  This was my first here, and I was NOT disappointed. No disrespect to the patrons that gave it a low score, I highly retest you all give the restaurant alone more chance please, even Michael Jordan and Lebron James misses a three point shot, so that time you visited may have not have been perfect but the statistics are there definitely. I highly recommend this restaurant!As a restaurant, Dooky Chase rates about 3.5 stars.  As an institution it gets 4.  This is definitely a place for power lunches in New Orleans and the history is pretty amazing including its role in the Civil Rights movement.  The walls are entirely filled with unique artwork and the atmosphere is actually a bit nicer than I expected.  The food isn't seasonal but it's comfort food and that's why you come here.
The buffet is a main option for lunch and at $17.95 per person it's not cheap.  However, it does include a drink as well as peach cobbler for dessert which makes the price seem much more reasonable.  The options must change every day but when we were there the buffet sadly didn't include any gumbo - instead there was a small salad bar followed by a soupy bean & shrimp dish served with rice and also with some nice spicy sausage on the side which was great when eaten together.  The other dishes included a stewed salmon with great spices served with a nicely done pasta.  Cabbage casserole was very good and the green beans & potatoes were actually decent - not mushy or rubbery as I expect from a buffet.  At the end of the table were fried catfish and chicken which were even quite good despite being on a buffet.  The catfish probably scares some people being served on the bone with tail and fins still visible but if you don't mind picking meat off the bone that's the best way to do it because the catfish was still moist and tender and tasted great.  Fried chicken was very good and the breast was nice and juicy although the wings were significantly overcooked - I personally wouldn't say it's the best in the world but it's very solid.  In terms of the dessert, peach cobbler was just as expected with canned peaches and a fairly standard texture which was definitely not earth shattering but an okay way to end the meal.
If you're looking for upscale, seasonal cuisine don't come to Dooky Chase.  If you're looking for fast, attentive service this isn't your place either.  But if you're looking for very well done comfort food in an amazing local institution you've definitely found the right place.  If you're from out of town though please keep in mind that you probably don't want to walk from the French Quarter so just splurge for a cab.I really wanted to like this restaurant. Especially after enjoying their airport location, but after so many disappointments, I have to be honest with myself as well as my Yelp community. 
My friends and I made reservations for 6:45. We arrived at 6:45. We were told to head over to the bar area for drinks. We had come from the quarter, where we had a number of drinks. I wasn't interested. Roughly 20 minutes later, the hostess, as pleasant as she was, called us by the wrong name and seated us at a table for 6. There were 4 of us. No biggie. 
We sat and then were greeted by a young lady who informed us that our waitress was busy so she'd be standing in. She took our orders, brought our food, and then we were left wondering who our server was?????
In regards to the food, I still appreciate their gumbo which is full of flavor. The roux is thin, but what's missing in thickness is made up for in spice. I was not thrilled about my catfish to which I had to add both salt and pepper. And the Mac and cheese special they had for the day was inedible. I think they used something similar to nacho cheese! 
The other sides we had were yummy. Greens and yams. Oh and the fried chicken. YUM! They also provided us a sample of the creole sauce which everyone at the table raved about. 
Additionally, the artwork itself is reason enough to visit this historic site. As well as the opportunity to meet Ms Leah on Fridays. Have the gumbo and fried chicken. And enjoy the nostalgia if it all.Legendary, bucketlist style.  Worth the trip all the way to the Big Easy by itself.  Ruined during Katrina/Rita and brought back to life by volunteers and the community, Dooky and Leah are institutions.  You must meet them.  Lil Dooky is doin his thing in the kitchen now.  As Leah said, "He went up to Cordon Bleu, and then came back down so I could give him some Cordon Noir."  Big enough that you can always get a seat midday.  The fried chicken is hands down the best in the country.  Half hour wait is nothing for this chicken.  I'd wait an hour.  So good I stuffed some in my suitcase to bring back to Boston.  No joke.  Dooky told me I was crazy.  He's right...crazy for that chicken for sure.  The buffet is excellent.  The peach cobbler is great if you have room at the end.  That's a big if.  The service is always good and mostly related to the Chases.  Decades of presidents have dined here, Louis Armstrong and Muhammad Ali, too.  Arguably the best collection of African American art in the world.  Do yourself a favor.  They're only open for lunch, so countless people taking meetings while they dine.  I go once when I visit and then again on my way to the airport home.  It's that good.Had a late lunch here on 3/22/2017.  We make sure to go at least once on our bi-annual visits to New Orleans.  Fortunately, not a big crowd on a Wed afternoon - we have had to wait close to an hour to be seated when they are busy on other visits.  Even when not busy, the service can be slow.  Lots of locals and tourists there every day.  Great buffet, but we usually order the fried chicken dinner of the menu.  They warn you that it takes 20 min, but boy is it worth the wait!  The BEST fried chicken we have ever found anywhere!  So light and crispy and NOT greasy at all!  So sad that Dooky passed away last Fall, but his wife is still there most days at 95 years old.Don't miss it!
This place is easy to miss because it's in a residential neighborhood.
The lunch buffet initially looks small and simple, but the food is amazing!  If you had a grandma in New Orleans it would be like eating her food.  :-)Must go to because, it's a landmark. Definitely make reservations and try to go as close to opening as possible. The food was super hot when it came out. Chicken was perfectly seasoned. I wish there was an option for two sides with the entree. The side salad - was a sad salad. I was surprised max-and-cheese wasn't on the menu. I asked the server after I noticed a few tables had it and he forgot to mention they had it. I switched my side to it and slightly regretted it. It was way to creamy for me and not a lot of flavor at all. The place has history and you can feel it. Will try again, but for now it was okay...Best fried chicken in town. Way better than their neighboring rival, Willie Mae's. If you are only in town for one day, go here for lunch. You will not be disappointed, and if you are, you didn't eat anything! 
The lunch buffet is phenomenal, I have had it twice now and wow! The fired chicken is out of the world! Its so moist and crunchy without beiing full of grease. I have dreams about this chicken. And you also have to try a lot of the mac'n'cheese! Its prefect! Everything else on the buffet is great, but these two really steal the show! 
The setting is very nice and the owner Leah Chase usually walks around the dining room at lunch to say hello to everyone.Have heard so much about the food and the history of this restaurant and Ms. Leah Chase and it did not disappoint. From the hostess to the waitress and the manager. Service was wonderful, everyone friendly and the food..omg!!  Had the gumbo as a starter so rich, complexity of the flavors and chock full of chicken and shrimp.  The fried chicken golden brown, crispy and delicious!! Candied yams and macaroni & cheese like your grandma used to make.  Found space for some killer peach cobbler. Will definitely be back. And take some time to look at her artwork displayed throughout. Her collection is amazing!!I went to Dooky Chase for lunch last Friday.  I admit that I had pretty high expectations, but I wasn't impressed.  My husband & I arrived around 1:30pm and there was about a 40 minute wait for a table (although we noticed there were a lot of empty tables).  I'm guessing they were under-staffed.  The hostess appeared to be doing a thousand things in addition to greeting customers and taking names.
We both ordered the buffet, which was okay, but not impressive (especially for the $18 price tag).  All of the food was okay, but it certainly didn't live up to the hype (our waiter even mentioned it was the best fried chicken on Earth).Probably the best fried chicken I ever had. When you visit New Orleans you have to eat here but come Monday through Friday because they are closed on the weekend. Been there since 1941. We had the buffet which was outstanding with fried catfish, fried chicken, cod cakes, and limas and shrimp. It starts with some of the best gumbo you ever had and finishes with peach cobbler.
And everything was good.As tourist we really debated which places to dine while we ate our way through New Orleans. We heard this was the best and it was not a lie. We arrived at 11 am on a Thursday and had no trouble getting a table. Had the lunch buffet. Everything was truly amazing, fresh and hot! The fried chicken is unlike any I have had! We were definitely among locals enjoying lunch. So tasty. Just a lovely lunch! Go here you won't be disappointed, unless you like flavorless fried chicken then you might be... omg and the peach cobbler! So so so good. Best I have ever had!My traveling companions and I walked into Dooky Chase's off the street dressed the part. I was immediately horrified by my appearance and felt that entering such an establishment dressed as I was showed disrespect. My friends--who all hail from California--are free from the legacy of a Southern upbringing and do not understand that my Grannie said so!
Nevertheless, we were treated as guests in their home. The food was out of the m-f'in world and, yes, the fried chicken really is that good. We were treated to a Creole buffet because their waitstaff was swamped with local dignitaries and high-falutin' types (I told you I should have dressed up!). They had red beans with sausage, panéed chicken, green beans, Creole chicken, and other items I am forgetting, I'm sure.
Barack Obama eats here and there is a huge picture in the entryway to prove it. My friend was treated to a singing/scat lesson by Mr. Chase and we all got to speak to (and thank) Miss Leah.
Next time I go, I will plan my wardrobe better. You can dress how you want... it's just me.Let's see....
Beef and vegetable soup and fresh garlic toast...
then salad with pickled okra, beets, cauliflower, tomato, fish salad...
then red beans & rice with fresh sausage....
then sweet corn succotash, smokey mustard greens, mac n' cheese....
then fried chicken and stewed chicken..
ended it all with peach cobbler.
GOOD LORD.  One of the best meals I've had in town in a while.  Go for the lunch buffet, you will not be disappointed.
Mr. Bradley, our server, was professional and warm.  Great guy, great place.We came around opening time for an early lunch (11a) and were promptly seated and ordered buffet style. The service was good and the food super tasty. The chicken was crunchy, moist, and flavorful, and the catfish fresh (pic attached). The peach cobbler was my favorite.
Tips:
1. It really started to fill up around noon.
2. Have realistic expectations, otherwise you might think this delicious food is a letdown
3. Buffet style was a great way to try different options
4. Full after the buffet? thinking of just sharing the peach cobbler with a friend? don't! it's delicious. Make room for it.
5. Look around, take it all in, your sitting in a place filled with history
6. Get coffee at Cafe Treme afterwards, its a small walk away but a nice relaxing spotThe restaurant itself is nice, and the bar on the side is a great waiting place since the location isn't really near anything else. We waiting an hour to be seated, and my group of 5 was very excited about this place as it had some of the 'best food'.  Overall, we were there for 3 hours.  it took over 30 minutes for simple salads to come out, and when our food was finally brought out- it was barely warm.  I think the only reason it seemed to taste so good was because I was SO hungry. The servers are all very wonderful and friendly.  But, overall I would not recommend this place.