Dear god, this is probably my favorite restaurant, for 2 main reasons: 
pho like none other, and the best spring rolls i have ever tasted.  
I'd like to put my star-rating in context:  I am a pho monster.  I like a pho that isn't too oily, that isn't too americanized (but, nothing that andrew zimmern would make a tv show about), and that comes with a bunch of thai basil.  Here, I like the chicken just as much as the beef. The chicken appears to be/is all white meat.  The Beef is brisket and meatballs. 
The Spring Rolls have earned the 5 stars. I know, i know, I'm probably overdoing it with this rating, but hear me out.  The spring rolls have a delicious amount of plump shrimp (none of that butterflied crap), pork, and plenty of mint.  
Also, I think they have the best pecan shrimp ever (if you're in the mood for a more chinese cuisine). 
Also, my roommate fantasizes about their crab rangoons.  you really ought to try those as well.Top 3 Pho in the city. Seasoned chicken meat, great flavorful but light broth, huge portion. Also best fresh spring rolls in the city. A MUST HAVE. 
Wonton Soup is on point, filled with great fresh veggies and fantastic wontons. 
One of my favorite dishes to eat in the CITY is the Bun Ga and the Bun Bo dishes over rice. UNBELIEVABLY GOOD. Have tried to recreate in my kitchen with failed results. If you have either the Pho Ga/Bo or the Bun Ga/Bo with spring rolls then you will leave a happy person.Pho is decent here, especially when I dont want to drive a great distance.. like to the westbank or eastbank to get decent pho. Rices dishes are good. They are also good on catering to vegetarians. The only down fall to this place is parking, the lack of, that is.I found the limited menu a little off putting, as I like VARIETY whilst eating out.   The selections in and of themselves were good, and the egg rolls weren't that typical greasy fare one would expect from deep fried foods.   
The vegetarian plate was good, but I thought the tofu was a but overcooked and tough....Always yummy! Very good for a quick lunch. Service is fast and friendly. My favorite is the fresh spring rolls.Pretty darn good Vietnamese food.  My wife and I get take-out from Doson quite a bit, and I have never really been disappointed.
I usually get the Pho Ga and it's delicious.  Was sick recently, and it was just what the doctor ordered.  Their Spring Rolls and pan fried dumplings are excellent as well.
They also serve some of your typical Americanized "Chinese" cuisine, and it is as good as you would expect.
Again, there is nothing here that is going to totally knock your socks off, but the food is good, fresh and I've always had good experiences with the employees.The service was great - prompt and friendly. I had the lemongrass tofu which was deeeelicious and my friend had the tofu pho which she loved too. Portions were more than generous. Do recommend!One of my favorite restaurant s. We eat there regularly. The service is top notch and the food is consistently great and authentic. Recently we went there after closing. The door was open so we walked in. After it became apparent cthey were closed. We started to leave. The staff stopped us and insisted we stay. They served us with the utmost professionslism despite our Tami g away from their daily staff meal. We felt welcomed and had our usual great meal. I highly recommend this establishment to anyone wanting authentic Vietnamese food and atmosphere.Have been going to Doson Noodle House for nearly ten years and have never had a meal I didn't love.  Some of my favorites are the chicken pho with a clear broth and lots of flavor.  It's positively addictive. Black pepper shrimp over vegetables is another favorite.  The shrimp are always fresh and never taste like rubber frozen seafood.  So many others...honey chicken, vietnamese chicken salad, crab rangoons, spring rolls...really I could go on and on.  If you are looking for fabulous food without breaking the bank, head to Doson's Nood House and you will be very happy you did!The food was excellent.  The spring rolls were incredible. Best I've had . The peanut sauce was perfect with a nice bite to it. The service was great. The chef even came to our table.I've eaten here several times and I'm finally going to review their Pho Ga "chicken noodle soup".  I order take out and waited for it.  It didn't take long.  I also ordered their fired dumplings.
Pho Ga to go is nicely separated so that you can go home and assemble it yourself.  The broth is in one container, sprouts, basil, lime and sauces in a plastic bag and rice noodles and chicken in a box.  
It was delicious and I ate it for dinner two nights in a row.  A little salty though, maybe msg.  I acceptingly paid for it the next day.
Fried pork dumplings are good too.  Six of them come with a beefy soy broth.We always go there when we need some hot, chicken soup.  especially if someone in the family is sick.  The chicken soup, even to-go, is awesome and full of great stuff.  Fresh and clean and very tasty.This is an often-overlooked but very good restaurant.  Not fancy, nothing to hype, but consistently good Vietnamese food.  I don't know much about pho or ban so I can't tell you if it's "authentic" but it's quite tasty.  
Went today for lunch.  Parking is a bitch because it's in the restaurant-saturated Carrolton/Canal area, but there was no wait.  Service was quick and pleasant.  I had the bun bo - lemongrass beef over vermicelli (that's beef over chewy white noodles) with some stir-fried veggies and a side of some mildly spicy vinegar sauce.  I was having a crappy day and it really hit the spot.Doson is a really good spot if you're in the mood for Chinese food dishes and don't want to travel too far outside of the Mid City/Lakeview area. I usually get the combination fried rice or chow mein, or other chicken w/ noodle dishes, and always an order of their crispy egg rolls. The egg drop soup is very good too. 
I admit, I'm not a Vietnamese foodie, so I've never tried the Pho or other such dishes that many others have commented on. Maybe some day I'll venture out and update my review. 
What I do know is that the noodle dishes are delicious on a consistent basis which is important to me, and I feel like you get good value for your $.  The food is usually ready very quickly after you order.  
One thing i was not impressed with was the inside of the restaurant: plain and boring (but clean), so not the place you would take a date.  If you're only worried about getting in and down to business eating, or you want good food to pick up and take out to eat at home, then this is good spot!Pretty good Vietnamese food.  I constantly crave their veggie spring rolls.  Great service and pretty fast delivery.Decent Vietnamese.  Nothing extraordinary, but you get what you would expect from a vietnamese restaurant, super fast, good viet food.  I got the standard beef and noodles dish.  Beef was good, not the best I've ever had, but good.  
They seem to have some good daily specials; I was tempted to get the duck when we went.  Service isn't the quickest or friendliest but they get it done.  
I'll give them one star for good food, one star for decent service, and one star for getting my meal to me five-ten minutes after I ordered; it's the vietnamese way."Confessions of a Take-Out Queen"
Because I can't bare to eat alone, I ordered the Pho with beef (to mix it up a little) to-go, last night.  I also ordered the summer rolls too.  Prepared just as the Pho Ga, all separated until you put it all together, but with beef instead of chicken.  ***Warning, there is something up with the beef.  I don't really know how to describe it, except that it is not pleasant.  Stick with the chicken, unless you have a dog.  The beef makes a nice, yet expensive treat for the four-legged.  But, this time around the broth had a different aroma, like anise or cinnamon, very interesting. The rice noodles were a little sticky too.
The summer rolls were interesting.  Chopped shrimp, pork and taro root with some fish sauce wrapped in rice paper and fried, served with thin sweet and sour sauce.This place does not have a full vietnamese menu. They do serve a little chinese on it too. I am giving them a 3 star because....
1) Pho is really good here but you are looking to pay double here for a bowl of pho. $10.95
2)When you do dine in.. The service is horrible and you will wait if u need a refill on your drinks. The server don't speak English to well.
3) I am a regular here. So I tried everything on the menu. And I can say everything is authentic to the fullest.
4)Everything is over-priced once again. Only reason why we keep eating here because they deliver.. So we dont mind paying for an over priced meal due to being lazy. .And days of being hungover or the weather and not feel like cooking. We don't mind paying extra just to not leave the house. 
Over all this place is real good and authentic but if you are watching your wallet.. I would not recommend !!!!!This is a decent Vietnamese restaurant that also offers some Chinese dishes.  Typically I get the chicken pho here and it is usually brought out nearly immediately after ordering it in a very large bowl.  You get probably one of the largest servings of pho here of anywhere else in the New Orleans area but you also get charged more than many of the other places that offer pho.  They also have a $15 minimum credit card charge that is inconsistently applied.  I've had it usually not applied during lunch but they get a bit belligerent about it at dinner.I've got to tell you something. I've got to tell you something that I hate to admit.  Until I came to Doson, I had never tried Vietnamese food.  Yes, I've lived in New Orleans for almost three years. And yes, I see little Vietnamese spots all over the city. But I just did not want to go alone.  Four roommates later, and I finally had someone to go with me to a Vietnamese restaurant.  Actually, he pressured me into it.  I boast about eating (and loving) all types of food and he called me out for never eating Vietnamese.
As you can tell from the 4-star rating, I enjoyed it.  I really liked it.  I was a little sick and my roomie suggested Pho Ga.  I, of course, butchered the pronunciation and the waiter said "chicken noodle soup." I wiped the shame off of my face and waited for my food.  I looked over my shoulder and boom the food was in front of me.
It was awesome.  I was schooled on all the things you could add to it to make it unique and I just jumped right into the bowl.  It's honestly the best chicken noodle soup I have ever had in 25 years.  It's also a ton of food for cheap!
I can't wait to go back and try more of their food.
Who wants to go with me?Good portions, nice quiet atmosphere and good tasting pho. Its not the biggest Pho bowl in town but its a good joint to go for a hot bowl of soup without having to cross over to the westbank to get a Pho fix. Granted I only have one thing on this menu (the Pho lunch bowl for around 9 bucks) but the place is good and gets the job done at feeding me well.Loved the pho and the dumplings!!!!The broth was very refreshing and the service was good too...We left with a happy and filled stomach.....A must visits place for pho lovers like meI hadn't eaten at Doson since it moved from Oak st. And it's still pretty darn tasty.  I went in for lunch last week and service was quick.  My noodle bowl of tofu & veggies was delish and I really liked how they put the sauce on the side in case fish sauce is a no go for you.
Very basic but good.I came across this pho restaurant by chance while riding on a street car to the City Park.  Location is convenient if you take the street car to either the City Park or the famous cemeteries.  
From the exterior standpoint, it looked like a Chinese noodle restaurant considering the area.  There were a handful of Chinese restaurants nearby.
The interior is dimly lit and small.  Seating is pretty cramped.  I entered the noodle house with the presumption that it was a Chinese wonton shop instead of a Vietnamese pho shop.  The minute I smelled the strong pho aroma that I knew it they specialized in pho (beef noodle soup).  I jumped for joy (not literally of course) because we were desperate to find a good Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans.  My parents were vacationing with us, and they kept asking for Vietnamese food.  
Our server was a Chinese gal who was fast and friendly.  Our pho came out fast and the size was a large!  The broth was tasty with all the herbal ingredients, and generous meat portion.  We left satisfied and stuffed.  
My dad did notice that his stomach felt funny afterward.  It's either he ate something that didn't digest well that day or the pho soup at the Noodle House had MSG.Y'all are crazy if you don't like Doson House!  I'm not a Vietnamese food connoisseur, but I know this place has good food.  I'm a sucker for shrimp spring rolls, and I dare say that Doson has the best I've found in the city.  For a low price you get 2 rice paper rolls stuffed with lettuce, avocado (a nice surprise), mint, rice noodles, and at least 4 nice sized shrimp. Their peanut sauce accompanying the rolls is also delicious. 
My friend ordered the "hot pot", which was the special for the day. This was a huge pot of vegetable and seafood stew.  We ended up splitting it since it was so big. (she also ended up bringing some home.). The soup has a delicate vegetable flavor and was filled stocked full of shrimp.This place is so frigging good, and it's never crowded bc the neighborhood just wants trendy BS. Family kind of place, food is excellent. Not a single miss on the menu.I've only been to Doson one other time for Wonton soup & Vietnamese spring rolls and it was great. Came here again and the food was great, of course, (Pho) but the server couldn't crack a smile if her life depended on it, much less make eye contact. I'm not much for service, but I didn't get a friendly vibe.Food is solid.  I would go with their spring rolls, which are oh-so fresh and tasty.  The downsides are twofold: First, the ambiance is kinda stale, simple, and boring.  In Mid-City, you get used to places with tons of character.  Second, they don't have any bahn-mi!!  If you are hankering for a Vietnamese po'boy - look elsewhere.Had a great experience here. It's small and decorated simply. The food is really good and the staff is very nice. The owner is friends with all of his customers. 
What we loved:
The dumplings - fried. 
Clear soup - this was my favorite! They really nail the flavor.
Spicy shrimp - excellent sauce
SakeYou might need a chart or other visual aid here: Doson was Chinese's on Oak Street  uptown which became Doson on Oak Street and then moved to Doson on North Carrollton. Despite all this musical chairs business, the Pho is comfort food goodness and the crab rangoons are still the best I have ever tasted. My fiance loves the spring rolls and the chicken fried rice. I am also a fan of the grilled pork with vermicelli noodles. Being that our neighborhood was suffering from the loss of Pho Tau Bay, this was an excellent addition. Good prices and fast take out. I have only dined in once or twice, but it was pleasant enough, nothing fancy but good service. This restaurant used to have weird days that they were closed, but I think they have settled on Sunday. I can live with that.Arrived with hubbub around 1 for lunch. Parking will always be a pain considering you have to find street parking. 
The place was pretty small & empty! Probably not the best Vietnamese restaurant for big groups . 
The server was my hubbub's friend so no complaints there..
The menu was a bit pricey for Vietnamese food, but was informed by hub the portions are quite generous. They have a lunch price && dinner price..which is a couple dollars or so more. 
On to the food! : seems to be a fusion of Chinese/Vietnamese.
~Iced French Coffee - not the traditional Vietnamese coffee, a bit watered down, but was a pretty large cup. [$3.95]
~Shrimp Spring Rolls - (asked for no meat) ; 2 pretty big rolls stuffed with vermicelli 
noodles, cucumber, avocado, & 4 pcs of shrimp. The fillings were pretty good.. I LOVE avocado, but the noodles were a bit on the dry side..served w/ their peanut dipping sauce..(they add a bit of spicy chili on top!) [$5.95]
~Mi Xao Tom - their pan/stir fried shrimp noodle. Portion was enough to share between 2 people, but can easily be devoured by 1!  This entree reminded me more of a Chinese lo mein dish. Not so traditional, but was super tasty! They really didn't skimp on the huge shrimp neither. A bit pricey, but was well worth it in flavor. Then again I can go to Capt. Sals & get the same for way less $$. [$12.95, if memory serves me right..]
All in all, [$20] not the best or cheapest Vietnamese restaurant around, but wouldn't mind trying their other options.  To avoid their splurging Vietnamese/Chinese dinner prices.. I would say try coming here for lunch instead.Sketchy delivery hours but good pho gaI really enjoy Doson.  By now I must have tried half the menu and have never been disappointed. The vegetables are always noticeably fresh and the dishes are well prepared and generous in size. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because it's a little pricey but worth it.Stopped here tonight for dinner while doing a walkabout of midcity.  We narrowed down our food choices and opted for doson as it was on the way.
I've had doson before and I can't say I've ever been extremely thrilled, but... it'll do.  It's hard for me to compare their vietnamese given my love of pho tau bay.  I'm totally spoiled.
The food is decent.  My friend ordered the beef pho and when it came out I swear I thought he could stick his whole head in the bowl.  A much bigger bowl than regular at pho tau bay... but for the price it needed to be.  I got the general chicken just because I felt the need for some sweet and spicey.  It came with a heaping bunch of fresh cauliflower and b roccoli which made me very happy andx a side of white rice.  The sauce was sweet and spicey, a good flavorful combination, but I'm finding a few hours later forgettable.  Which the more I think about it is how I feel about all of the other times I've eaten there.  Hmmm.....
The waiter was very impersonal and when I wasn't immediately ready with my order he huffed off.  He barely visited our table the rest of the time, leaving it all up to the busgirl to take care of us, I do hope she got some of the tip I left.
The one thing that got to me that I did remember was the smell when I walked in.  There is a faint almost sewer smell.  That could very well just be the city of nola's problem, but it bothers me all the same.
So over all..... it'll do.  Doesn't suck, but doesn't rock my world.Yumm!! Food is delicious! I love the bun ga with veggies instead of noodles. It's delicious and kind of healthy. Other people in our party had Pho with veggies instead of noodles and loved them. I love this spot for a great, healthy, quick meal.This is my favorite Pho in new orleans.  I have tried about 5 or 6 other places but this one really does it for me.  Also, the black pepper shrimp is pretty amazing.The chicken noodle soup is an awesome pick-me-up when you're under the weather.Doson is our "fast food".....We order carry-out from here on a regular basis because it's close to our house, is quick, has several veggie options, and my not-so-picky fiance enjoys it; but I must admit that every time we order, I always wish we would have tried somewhere else.  Doson is quick and healthier than traditional fast food, but it is very (VERY) greasy, unless you get the tofu spring rolls (salad in rice paper)....I like the Dobson Noodle house.  Sometimes the food all taste alike but it's good and freshly made.Great food and quick service! It's a hidden gem and I almost forget about it sometimes. But it's worth visiting and making a go to spot. Get the orange chicken or orange shrimp and you'll be wowed by the flavor.I appreciate any place that serves rice noodles and Vietnamese food.  But, I find most of the dishes at Doson a little too greasy.  The taste is good and the ingredients seem to be fresh.  Like lush cilantro and mint.  It's just a shame they don't lighten up on the oil.  Also, I'm not crazy about their spring rolls.  However, all of their sauces are delicious and come on the side so you can add as much or as little as you like.  Plus the option to spice it up is on every table.  So in that way it's very customizable.
The dining area is nice and clean and everyone is friendly.  I just think there are better places for pho and other Vietnamese food in the metro area.  But, if you're in the neighborhood it's worth trying out.  After all, I'm only giving my opinion.This place is a hidden gem. The ingredients they use are fresh and legit. I'm surprised this place isn't as busy as it should be. Staff was very friendly. I had their shrimp fried rice and it's probably the best I've ever had, anywhere. Even had the beef noodle pho and that was excellent. I don't like pho, but this place definitely changed my mind on that. Will definitely return and recommend to anyone.Unexpectedly good!  
The fried dumplings, egg rolls, and fried wontons were delicious. The pan fried chicken and noodles was fantastic. The menu didn't mention it, but all of the entrees first were served with a light and flavorful soup. They even made one vegan after noticing that one in our party ordered everything without meat or seafood. Highly recommend!Pros: 
Delicious food (we had pho ga, chicken fried rice & crab rangoons) 
Large portions
Friendly service and fast deliveryFirst tine having Vietnamese food so I don't have anything to compare it to but I must say the food was so delicious.  The owner of the restaurant was very helpful in helping us pick what we should try and they were more than friendly. I would revisit when I return back to New Orleans !!! Thank you for the delicious foodThe Pho Ga (chicken noodle) had clear broth with good flavor and tender chunks of chicken in it.  Really hit the spot while nursing a hangover and the weather outside is stormy.  Tofu Delight was tasty as well!  Friendly service.I really like it here. Not very fancy but very good. I like the General's Chicken and the Fried Rice.I'll start by saying that, yes, I did enjoy the food. The overall experience at Doson, however, left a lot to be desired, and bad service is enough of a reason in general in my opinion not to return to a restaurant. When I visited, there were a grand total of four customers in the place, including myself, throughout my entire experience, so I'm not sure why I had to flag someone down who was sitting at a table across the room to refill my water (after waiting patiently for a while,) or stand up to ask for my check. Plus, nothing was ever cleared in two courses, so by the time I got up, my table was a disaster. When I paid, the hostess mentioned offhandedly that because I was using a card for my $17 check, there would be a 50 cent charge added to the total. 50 cents is obviously not a big deal, but when I asked about it, she nervously laughed that it wasn't them that were charging me the fee, it was the credit card company. Um, no, it's you, and I'm not sure that it's legal either. Regardless, I won't be back. There's other pho around the corner at cafe minh anyways, and better Vietnamese elsewhere in the city.Last few times I was in New Orleans, I checked this spot out. A friend of mine told me about it, and I would always see it on Carrollton Ave, but never really paid it much attention. 
Needless to say, they have shrimp Pho, and it is  Pho-King great. Spring rolls are scrumptious too. I plan on going at least once every time i come back home to N.O.
Only downside, sometimes the service can be slow. I've gone in several times and had the waiter look at me sitting there about 4 or 5 times before actually taking my order. I don' think it's cause I'm a negro,  because the guy was a minority as well, unless he's just a retard. 
Great spot!Great food! Very consistent and delicious. The only reason I took a star was the condition of the restaurant. It has the feel of a cafeteria rather than a nice sit down experience with an Asian ambiance. But the prices and quality of food completely make up for that! Definitely a gem!Crab Ragoons were perfectly fried & piping hot, but lacked on the expected burst of flavor. Very cheesy, no onion or crab pieces.
Lemonade is probably Minute Maid or the like.
Pho ga was fair with lots of onions. Generals Chicken was the same. 
This was my first visit and I probably should have read reviews on what to order first. Winging it did not blow me away.Wow, what a jewel!  Terrifically friendly service and food was hot, tasty, quickly served and perfectly done!  Buddy had Pho Ba which he enjoyed.  We had crab rangoon to start which was definitely not the normal ones you get but locally made and very tasty!  I had the Mi Doson pan fried noodles with chicken and shrimp, super tasty, cleaned my plate!  I travel extensively and eat out routinely, this is a great unassuming local family run spot I would visit routinely if I lived here.BLUF:  Solid Chinese food.  
Place was empty on a Friday at 6pm which was strange because the food is pretty good.  
Atmosphere is nothing special.  Pretty standard.
I got the orange chicken and it was great.  Very "orangey".  The broccoli was on the side so not all sauced up which was nice.  And the broccoli was very very fresh.  Weird for me to be praising a vegetable but I am a pretty progressive guy.  The orange chicken was really great.
Wife got something with noodles and she liked it but I didnt really try it.  
Very solid food.  I would def go back cuz there arent too many chinese options in the area.ugh... what a disappointment... I had been craving good Vietnamese food for a while now and I remembered that New Orleans tends to be good with Vietnamese hidden gems. So I looked around on Yelp to see what I could find in the neighborhood to order some Take Out and after some research and reading I decided to give Doson a try. 
I called in to see if they delivered, but they said they only do it after 4, when their PM prices kick in. So I put in my order; some steamed dumpling appetizer and the vegetable vermicelli noodles with the house special sauce. They told me it would be ready in 15 minutes.
So i headed over there to pick up my order. Mind you, according to their menu, before 4 o'clock the entrees are charged with lunch prices, it was around 1:30pm and they charged me dinner prices. I was excited though, the staff had been prompt and pleasing with the transaction,
Apparently that didn't really matter, the food was bland and could have been any weird blend of Asian/Chinese noodles...definitely nothing close to Vietnamese. The dumplings were the same. I was very disappointed, perhaps the food is better when you dine in, but for Take Out, it sucked.Very average good, boring decor. Won't be back.The food is fresh and fantastic! I wanted mine a little hotter, but adding Sriracha took away from the delicate balance of flavors in the dish. Chef Doson puts a lot of love and dedication in his work. The place is newly renovated and immaculate! I read one review saying that they could get better Chinese for the price, but my dining companion got some of the Chinese American fare and it was SUPERB! The Crab Rangoon even had REAL CRABMEAT!!! There was no comparison to any "Chinese" in the Metro!Having the Generals Chicken but everything that I have tried has been good. Not to long on atmosphere, polite service, very reasonable and acceptableI believe this was an unexpected pleasure.
I was, in an accident across the street.
By the time the police arrived, and all info was given. taken and exchanged, 
it was too late to go home and prepare dinner.
SO, my wife and I, daughter in tow decided to try Doson.
I give this a 4, because I cannot give it a 3.5
It deserves a 3.5, and I'll tell you why:
1: The Pho, no tripe, and when I asked about it, was treated like I had just grown a 3rd eyed, and flown in from Mars..
I have had good Pho, great pho, and bad pho, but have always had pho with the tendons and tripe.. But this, I overlooked..
2: My noodles were deeply overcooked, and there was really not enough to the soup to rationalize the inflated price compared to pho in the area.
3:Beef overcooked, overcooked, overcooked, 'nuff said.
4: Skimpy add ins eg. Sprouts, chilis (2 Jalapeño rings, really?) Not a good thing.
Now why it deserves a 3.5, instead of a 4..
1: My wife's Orange Chicken, was AWESOME!! Sweet, but not too sweet, just too many subtle things going on there to describe, but trust me.. AWESOME!
2: The Crab Rangoon, while not usual by any stretch, had a unique taste, that was AMAZING!
So, in brief..
1: Go there for the appetizers!!
2: Fo there for the Rice Dishes!!
3: and although the name is Doson Noodle House, do not go there for the noodles, at least not the noodle soup..
Staying Big, staying Easy, in da Big Easy...
JimVietnamese, you mean Chinese food menu?!   Doson's prices, grease and pho served with wilted herbs/peppers are ridiculous.
PHO NOLA @ Veterans and Clearview is awesome.  Great pho, banh mi sandwiches, crepe and fresh fruit boba teas!I've eatn here several times now. Not a fan. Portions are good, but have had better quality at a cheaper price.  Location is great though.Overall decent Vietnamese fare, fast service, and reasonable prices. I love 9 Roses and Pho Tau Bay, but when I can't get to West Bank, this is where I go for Beef Pho. (For some reason, the chicken pho was lack-luster when I tried it.)My husband and I took off of work early today and decided to head over to Doson's.  We'd never been there, but have heard good things from the Food Show with Tom Fitzmorris.  When we got there, we were the only customers.  We thought that was strange.  The restaurant was on the dirty, grimy side, an ATM was located IN the dining room, the floors had long caked-on dirt and cracks.  We talked about leaving but decided not to.  The prices were high: $14 for a lunch sized noodle plate, which was very small, like small-plate type entrees.  The spring rolls were ok, nothing exceptional but not bad.  The peanut sauce was very watery, but ok.  The appetizer soup was good and fragrant, although I didn't get the chance to finish it.  Just as I reached the "acceptance" phase of my restaurant choice fail, a huge ROACH crawled out from behind a picture on the wall right next to my husband's face.  I got up from the table and walked a few feet away, the waiter came over and asked what's wrong.  I grabbed my purse and sunglasses and walked out the door leaving my food and husband who was asking for the check.  When my husband came out a few minutes later, I asked if they make him pay for our mostly untouched food... Yes, they did.  Never again.Don't waste your money. Not only did the food taste like it wasn't fresh, and everything fried in the same day old grease, but the BUN (we ordered a few) tastes like a cheap chinese restaurant stir fry plopped on top of vermicelli noodles, smothered in fish sauce and barely garnished. So much grease/msg/whatever was used in the bun dish that I left with my stomach cramping (not to mention the app we had tastes like the day old grease it was fried in). And we paid a premium for the stomach ache. It's a shame that pho tau bay ever closed in mid-city. This place doesn't do mid-city justice, not one bit. Save yourself the money and pain. Don't eat here.I've eaten here a few times in the past.  I don't love their food but they deliver, and I appreciate that.
So today I called to place a delivery order at 9:21 PM and was told that they weren't delivering anymore because they don't take orders for delivery past 9:20.  I said that I understood they have to draw the line somewhere, but I was planning to make a big order and offered them my business.  The lady said "The kitchen is closed!" and hung up on me.  Wow.  Horrible customer service.  If they didn't want to deliver the food, fine, but that was uncalled for.
I'll never go there again.  I'd rather give my business to someone who wants it.  Besides that, I'm a better cook than them.Ordered Pho Chicken which was disappointing. Tasted like Campbells chicken noodle w vermicelli.  Service was fine but no desire to return on my end.So I very unfairly associated Vietnamese restaurants with Pho - which happens to mostly be comprised of chicken broth (and a bunch of other fancy mess I can't even possibly begin to know of).  But my roommate, two good buds and I decided to visit Doson since it's practically right down the street from me.  
It's a pretty quaint little place, unassuming, typical Vietnamese restaurant decor . . . nothing really memorable.  I ordered the Bun Chay Kho (I was stoked there were vegetarian option on the menu).  When it arrived I was a little confused because the noodles weren't quite the vermicelli noodles I've been accustomed to my whole life - they were thicker and not as translucent.  
But anyway I poured the soy based sauce over my dish and then proceeded to consume the contents of my plate very voraciously . . . okay well as much as possible, because I had mindlessly noshed on some snacks right before dinner plans were made.  Anyway, I'm pleased to say that it was definitely one of the most pleasant vermicelli noodle salads I've had.  They definitely didn't skimp on the fried tofu bits and they nicely soaked up the sauce - which was the typical salty soy, but slightly sweet with hints of ginger (?) stuff.  I often make my own vermicelli salad and well . . . it's usually so-so and I've sampled a good amount of other restaurant's versions and it's not really something you can epically screw up but I certainly liked what I ate.  Hell I brought it home and it was a great brunchy-type meal, especially for that killer hangover I somehow acquired (haha, it's a mystery!  Jk).The food gets a 3. And that's generous. I was hungry and it was edible. But the after effects... Had a terrible stomach ache all night and the next morning. I'll take away half a star for that. 
Had the egg rolls and chicken noodle soup (pho). Pretty disappointed in the pho. The basil was half black and mostly wilted (old), half of the hot green pepper slices were discolored.  All the add-ins for the pho and the crunchy stuff on the egg roll plate was old and stale (except the noodles and white onion). Ate one egg roll and it was pretty good, but not worth eating two. 
The portions are definitely big for the price which is nice.  
There was no outside seating. But then again it smelled badly outside the restaurant so I don't blame them. Take away another 1/2 star. 
If they would make it smell nice, put out chairs and ensure fresh food, it would get another star. Regardless, I won't ever waste my time or money on this place again.Pho Ga is what I needed after a night of drinking.  My cousin found this on Yelp and yes!!! It was good.  I love the broth so different in California.  I wish we had one in California.  This place was simple.  The waiter was nice nothing different to say.All I can say is go see for yourself everything was great the food the service!!! The chef came out to ask how the food was !!! We will be back!!!!Not pleased.   I was looking for a place that had the crispy pan fried noodles. The dish stated that is what it was. I also want to mention that it cost extra to get fried rice with the sweet & Sour chicken. I called in my order and was told it would be delivered in 45m. 50m later I called to check the status and find out my total since she didn't tell me during the first call. She said the order just left. So...65min after I placed my order,  it arrived. The fried dumplings were cold,  not even warm and my noodle dish was lo mein. So I just spent $45 on 2 meals and an app that I could have gotten for $20, 4 blocks away. Disappointed...I had really hoped Doson had moved onto Carrollton to fill the void left in the wake of Pho Tau Bay's failure to return to the area.  Like I had really, really hoped.
But alas Doson wasn't much more than slightly upscale Chinese with some Vietnamese on the menu.  Ah well, you live and you learn.  And i guess you can always drive to the west bank.I would give them.more than one star as the food is ok, but the service is terrible. Do not get your food delivered, they will tell you 45 minutes and it will take 2hrs. it has happened on more than one occasion and the manager didn't really seem to care when we expressed our concerns. Will not be ordering from them again as there are way too many restaurants in this city to be treated like this.I have eaten many times at this noodle house, the pho is average. The only thing that keeps me returning for lunch is the service that I recieve from the waiter that works the lunch shift. He seems to always take the time to greet me by name and he remembers what my standard order is. It is hard to find this type of personalized service now a dayswas interested in this place because 1, i didn't know if it was korean by the name. 2. bc it's a noodle house.
went in for take out.
the menu said my dish was 10.95 for dinner. why was my total 15.90? 
i ordered the grilled shrimp over vermicelli noodles. my favorite dish, and am told it's a pretty standard dish.
the shrimp was kind of salty. but, whatev. the noodles balanced it out, as rice does w/meat.
however, in the middle of my meal, i saw a HAIR stuck to the side of the container. gagged, and the meal was over.
won't return.I should have read the reviews beforehand. The food here is pretty good, but extremely overpriced. The $15 garlic shrimp dish with rice I had was basically a $7 Chinese dish. The waitress wasn't particularly attentive, and if you spend less than $20, they charge you .50 for using a card. Seriously? Who does that? The building is outdated on the inside, and the atmosphere is not inviting. The ambiance, quality, and portions do not justify the prices, and it seems like this place is always empty when I drive by. I would not recommend this spot. There are too many good pho places Uptown, not to mention an excellent spot across from Delgado.Bland and overpriced.
I have been here twice, and both times I left disappointed. Ordered the greens plate- while I love baby bok choy- this was the only green in the dish with a sprinkle of some mushrooms and garlic. Sauce was meh. Came with rice- was an extra 3 bucks for plain noodles... Not worth it. There are better Vietnamese places in the city...Poor Doson Noodle House.  I just ordered from here for the first time and it happens to be within 2 months of trying Namese, Mopho and Ba Chi Canteen.  Before those places I may have given them 3 or 4 stars, but they need to up their game to compete these days.  The pho was A-ok, but the appetizer platter was a huge bummer!  There was no list of what it contained, but it was listed with crab rangoon and dumplings so I thought that stuff would be in it.  Nope!  Just two spring rolls, one fresh and one fried and a plate of noodles.  They were good noodles, but not what I wanted or expected.The Generals Tso Chicken is out of this world!!! I always get awesome service, and the food is so delicious!!! Their crab rangoons are made with fresh crabmeat, not that fake crap, and omg their spring rolls!!! I can eat them all day!!! 
Definitely a go to in Mid City!  I myself just ate there for the second time this month alone!!!Doson was the only available option for Pho Delivered to my house at the time I ordered. I had never ordered from Doson before but I gave it a try cause I really needed some Pho. 
The ordered the Beef Pho and was not disappointed. Delicious broth and quality beef. Spring rolls were also delicious. All the herbs included were fresh. I'll definitely be going back for more!I used to love this place until my husband got food poisoning from them for the THIRD time last night.  Also, their grilled tofu and vegetables and lemongrass tofu is so awesome, but they don't have any veg pho options and won't do veg spring rolls (I asked).  I was surprised to see that someone commented on that in another review...my guess is they were reviewing the wrong place.  Even though I only get vegetarian items and have never gotten food poisoning from here it grosses me out that my food is prepared in the same kitchen with obviously non-sanitary practices.  Oh well, no more Doson Noodle House for us.