This place is a jewel! The Crispy Duck entree is incredible!!! All the flavors on the plate came together is the most magically delicious way. And the charred cabbage blew the minds of everyone at the table. I loved the atmosphere & service too! Can't wait to try the brunch.We arrived right at opening and noticed an odd smell in the restaurant. I can't put my finger on it, but it was almost a turn off. I'll have to admit I was disappointed with the food. The menu sounded delicious, but the execution wasn't there. The gumbo was made with a dark roux and it tasted just like it looked...dark and terrible. The fried cornbread was just okay. I had the Oak St Breakfast for my entree. The grits and eggs were good, but I could have made them at home. The biscuit was cold and I had to request a warm one. The bacon was room temperature and I didn't really like the pepper jelly on it. It was just there and it seemed like the cook missed a step. I could tell it was a good piece of bacon and would have been fine on  its own. The bottomless mimosas were good and probably the highlight of my meal. Overall, I wasn't impressed. There are much better options in the area.As you first walk in you notice the peat moss hanging from the chandeliers, and the gator skin booth seats.  I love the attention to detail. The first food item to come out was the tuna tartar, and the presentation was impeccable.  And it was some of the best I've ever had.  And the St Louis style ribs my goodness!. Me and my lady also had an assortment of little oyster plates,  all of which did not disappoint.  One of my favorite places in all of new Orleans already. And it's top quality food at a very affordable price. My good friend Alicia is a chef here, and as always here food does not disappoint. Not to mention she also made the bangin Playlist playing in the background. If you are visiting out of town, please do yourself a favor and check this place out.  This place is fantastic!The fried cornbread and the duck confit are fantastic! DTB's take on the cornbread is interesting, but definitely delicious. We had to order two orders. It is a combination of sweet, savory, and some tang. The duck confit is one of my favorite dishes in New Orleans. The skin is crispy and the meat is juicy and tender. 
Furthermore, the service is stellar and the ambiance is elegant and fun. I always enjoy my dining experience when I come to DTB. Make sure to have a reservation for the weekend, as this restaurant gets very busy! DTB is definitely one of my go to restaurants for tasty/upscale food. They don't fail to impress!Amazing food. Very tasty cocktails. Attentive and very polite waitstaff. This was an incredible dining experience and I would go back in a heartbeat.I had been waiting to try DTB and tonight was the perfect time with a visitor from Oregon straight from the airport and his first night of his very first visit to New Orleans. I am a native New Orleanian and a chef and I was so proud to show off DTB.The gumbo was amazing to start. He had the 48 hour short ribs with grits and I had the hog jowls with an amazing slaw, we shared roasted cauliflower and the Brussels sprouts and finished with the peach, pot de creme. It was all complex, flawless and beautifully presented. This is food to be savoured! The decor and lighting is beautifully designed and the service was thoughtful and attentive.One of the best new restaurants I've been to in the city. Really cool decor, and great background music. The cornbread, charred cabbage and gnocchi are all excellent. Great addition to Oak StreetThere are a few items that are definitely favorites! We went with a party of 6 for Sunday Brunch. Everyone had an appetite but we started off with a Mimosa. Definitely my least favorite. 
For our small plates we had a variety. Mushroom Boudin Balls, Crabmeat Toast, and Fried Cornbread. The crabmeat toast was the best of the three. The waiter recommended mushroom Boudin Balls because that's what was normally seen on social media. 
The waiter recommended the Crawfish Pie Benedict but that was my least favorite. The brisket was our last dish but by far the best in taste. The brisket had a little vinaigrette taste which complimented the the usually dull brisket flavors. We also had the Fried Chicken Biscuit....this was definitely a must try! The Crispy Oyster Croque Madame was a disappointment all around.
DTB is a good place to try. We have several dishes and all were mediocre to good. Couldn't go wrong with any of the dishes.Had been hearing about this place and finally decided to give it a try one rainy Sunday afternoon. Brunch is my favorite so I'm always open to checking out new spots. Upon entering everyone was friendly. The restaurant is really cute and laid back. It wasn't very packed when we arrived either(no wait).Our server was also very nice and patient. The food all looked good, but I felt like the menu was a bit overpriced. I decided to go with the hot sausage omelette. My friend got the oak st breakfast. The omelette was good, flavorful. The potatoes were amazing and you could really taste the crab boil!! I think they were my favorite part of the meal. My friend said her breakfast was good, the bacon had a hint of pepper jelly, it was different. What really got me was the 9 dollar mimosa. My friend paid 17 bucks for a glass of wine! That's just insane to me. I walked across the street after and the mimosas were 5 bucks. I think that's why the 9 dollars for a mimosa was just ridiculous. Just saying. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back for dinner, but the prices could seriously go down a bit.My husband and I ordered from the coolinary menu and every item was a disappointment. The best thing we had was the warm chocolate cake; the blanc de blanc I had was delicious and the service was very good. I had been for brunch and was neither overly impressed nor disappointed, but I doubt I'll be back for dinner :(The appetizers were outstanding. The bar had a great selection of local beers and the bartenders were super friendly!We had one of the BEST dinner and overall experiences with our dinner group tonight at DTB. Our cocktails (salt water) started the night off with high expectations. Our appetizers - gumbo, beet salad, wings, cornbread were all excellent. Then our main courses did not disappoint - Louisiana rice bowl was perfect. The best part was the staff and chefs accommodation for my dairy allergy. Our group loves the music playing - we wanted a copy of their playlist! We will definitely be back.The bottomless mimosas we're on point. Food was excellent. I had a fried chicken biscuit that was juicy and well prepared. The brisket hamburger was very tender and juicy. Definitely a good spot to have brunch and a quick Buzz.David and Christian provided a superb, welcoming experience matched by the kitchen's creative, delicious food, specializing in locally-sourced ingredients. Hoping this doesn't seem pretentious since DTB has a casual, comfortable vibe that lends itself to warm conversation and relaxation over drinks and fabulous desserts. Standout entrees include redfish and crawfish agnolotti but that's only because that's what we ordered. Other menu items appear equally promising and we look forward to sampling all on future visits.Great restaurant and decor. The Brown Butter Old Fashion is amazing. The food was extremely good also.Just tried this new place down the street from me and was blown away.  I am literally going back tomorrow to try more.  The atmosphere is lively and beautiful, and it's in a great area to grab a drink in after, too.  The ribs are everything!! They also have some lighter options, which is really nice for a place like this.  Also, I noticed that the staff is not only really friendly but also attractive, which just adds a little something, you know?  If you're looking for a new spot, this is it!So this was my second time coming here.  The first time was for brunch and I thought it was a tad bit pricey. Second time I came here was for dinner. Upon entering the hostess was very nice and we were seated within  a few minutes. The decor here is just so cute! It was a Tuesday evening. It was not too crowded but they had a nice little crowd. For appetizers we got the Mushroom Boudin Balls, the Fried Cornbread, the Beet salad(seasonal), and the Crispy Gulf Oysters. It was all amazing! Never did I ever think that I would like the beet salad but the flavors were on point! So happy I decided to give it a try. The owner said that they like to bring in seasonal dishes and switch it up. I think My fav was the fried cornbread (Must try!!) and the Crispy Gulf Oysters! For dinner, my sister ordered the 48 Hour Short Rib which was so flavorful and just coming off the bone, she also got the french fries which were amazing as well and they came with the dill/ranch type of sauce, my mother ordered the Pork Chop (which was huge by the way) so many different flavors, and lastly I ordered the Louisiana Rice bowl (DEF my fav), the best part was that the shrimps still have the ends so they even bring you a small bowl for them. When the Waitress, Keera brought it out it kind of scared me because I was not trying to peel my dinner, but when it came it was def nothing to be scared of lol! Such a nice  touch so that stuff is not on your actual food plate! I go out to eat a lot so the little things are what matter to me.  Then Finally dessert time came. We split the Warm Chocolate Brownie, and the Ice cream Sandwich . Trust me... you want the Ice cream sandwich, you won't regret it!! The Brownie almost tasted too much like coffee, which is not my thing, but if you're into that go for it. Overall the restaurant is beautiful, noise level is okay, service was amazing!!! So amazing that I even bought a gift card! The dinner prices are much reasonable, our waitress Keera was simply amazing and very attentive! We were never without a drink and she was always around even if she had other tables. If you go eat here you should ask for her! I def want to come back for happy hour!Food was wonderful if a little pricey but so worth it. I don't usually drop $100 for 3 people for breakfast
But am still planning on returning.You had me at vegan boudin balls. Great food, service and ambience! Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.Took advantage of DTB's Coolinary Month (two-course lunch for $20) on 10 August. No skimping on food or taste here with this promotional menu. My wife had LA 1 Gumbo with collards and crab fat potato salad as an appy and Cornmeal Fried Catfish on Brioche with peppermash, cole slaw, and potato salad. I had the Cornbread appy with ham hock marmalade, goat cheese and jalapeno. My luch entree was a Fried Oyster Remoulade with frisee, arugula, and pecan granola.  Fantastic tastes and flavors. Expert, service provided by Katelyn.
Enjoyed lunch so much we went back another day for the regular menu at dinner.First time at DTB for brunch and I can assure you it won't be the last...from the fresh and unique environment thru the menu selections and prompt professional service, this place is  a winner. The extra crispy pepper jelly bacon is truly addictive. Cant wait to return for dinner. Hats off to this exceptional 5 star culinary experience.we had a great experience for happy hour...the deep fried cornbread was the star, the fried eggplant was great as was the andouille pate. drink special was lovely and service was great so glad we wandered in.Checked this place out for their August COOLinary menu and was impressed by the fare - the fried cornbread with goat cheese and pork marmalade was definitely the best dish and the andouille pâté as a stand-alone was delicious, but pretty much everything else was just good. (Except for the remoulade dressing on the chopped salad, which was perfect, but had to chop the salad myself.) The service was good.
I'm only giving it a 4/5 because they messed up some really easy stuff...the pork rinds were served a little chilly, and with that kind of thing it really makes a difference because they become very hard and unpleasant to eat if not warm. Additionally, the bread that the black garlic was served on was stale and had also not been warmed. Finally, I was intrigued by the Magnolia cocktail - gin, magnolia essence, citrus, and champagne - but I could only taste the champagne and none of the other flavors, which was disappointing. 
I'll be coming back sometime for their brunch menu, but overall I was less impressed than I thought I would be.I'll make this short & sweet - the food was delicious! Wanted some authentic cajun/creole food and decided on DTB based on past reviews & ratings.
Started with the Mushroom boudin bites, nice & crispy with a soft, spicy middle. Should have ordered another round of these as we split them amongst 3 of us. Also tried the deep fried cornbread, this is an absolute slam dunk. Little slice of jalapeño on top, some other toppings & sauces with it and it was absolutely delicious. A perfect blend of sweet & savory, with a bit of a kick - these also disappeared quickly. Last starter we had was the gumbo, and it didn't go down as easy for me. I must not have had authentic gumbo before, was a really dark gumbo and I didn't love it. There was some good spice to it, but it didn't grab me like the other 2 starters.
For the entree I had the Louisiana rice bowl and it was amazing. 5-6 massive shrimp lined the bowl full of rice, and the slaw on top was incredible. It was topped off with an egg in the middle, adding some nice moisture and flavor to the dish. The food is a bit pricey, but the taste is there and I was thoroughly satisfied.Went in for Mothers Day Brunch. Crawfish Pie Benedict was on point. Highly recommendedSo unique! Loved everything, we had charred cabbage, cauliflower rillete, pickled shrimp and squash blossoms. And as good as the food was the cocktails were out of this world!! We tried the saltwater, down the bayou and window on the box. A-Maze-Ing. Would definitely and plan to recommend to everyone I know. Service was great took :).Went for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  Had a fantastic time.  We ordered almost everything on the menu.  Loved it all.  Bobby was our server. Extremely knowledgeable and on point.  The cocktails were well crafted and very tasty.Great new place on Oak. Boudin balls and oyster toast was great. And the fries were very uniquely seasoned (in a good way!). Will definitely be back.Excellent take on traditional Cajun dishes.  For example instead of a traditional potato salad they had a deconstructed potato salad where they had potatoes separated from deviled eggs as a side accompanying corn fried catfish.  It was a delicious plate.  We also had grilled red fish on a bed of green Chard with diced andouille in it.  We had a couple of bowls of gumbo - very hearty and flavorful and different from the usual gumbos served in the restaurants of the French Quarter.  The side plates were exquisite and very flavorful also.  We had grilled Brussels sprouts, grilled cabbage and even the cucumber salad was very tasty.  After all of this we had no room for dessert but I am sure that would have been good too.  The atmosphere inside was great.  Open kitchen where you can watch the food come out and nice Cajun touches like alligator skin patterns on the seatbacks and Spanish moss look on the chandeliers.  Very modern looking kitchen accompanied these Cajun throwbacks.  All in all a great dining experience as they take traditional Cajun faire and make some gourmet dishes out of them.beautiful place, excellent service, delicious food. my fav was the dessert deconstructed peach thing! lolI've had brunch here twice now and both times have been excellent. The staff is friendly, informative, attentive, and well trained. The food is absolutely delicious, eclectic, well flavored without being overpowering, and varied enough to accommodate different tastes. The brunch cocktails are also very good, the Bloody Mary has a nice kick, and their version of an Old Fashioned was on the sweet side. I look forward to trying them for dinner, because I will definitely be back.After being wowed by this new restaurant at a Yelp event, I went back for an early dinner on a Monday night... and by the time we left the place was pretty crowded...on a Monday in July!
I shared a bunch of small plates with my friend and they were all delicious and then I thought I might explode. I had the Fogerty cocktail with bourbon and peaches, very tasty and tart! My friend had the brown butter old fashioned (which I had sampled the last time) and thought it was as delicious as I did.
We shared the oyster gratin, the pickled shrimp (and they offered bread in addition to the pork rinds...or even crudite), roasted asparagus, and the cucumber salad. The cucumber salad was summer in a bowl, simple and delicious and the cucumbers were perfectly cut to absorb maximum dressing. The pickled shrimp were amazing and the white bean hummus was great. Honestly it was all good.
AND then we were stuffed and the server told us that the dessert special (now on the regular menu) was a pots de creme made with cane syrup. Oh yummmy
Service was great and the location is lovely.This was the second time I've been. The food tasted mediocre. They may have a different chef. Definitely a change from when they first opened.Thank you DTB for a wonderful dinner.  Jordan was a welcoming and polished server.  I really enjoyed his recommendations, (crab claws and red snapper). The atmosphere is cozy.  The designer really deserves a high five. Tasteful touches of Louisiana from the light fixtures to the boudin balls. You have to try the ice cream sandwich!Well. That was certainly expensive, and disappointing. This restaurant is wildly uneven. 
The service is good enough, the space is pretty and not loud, despite the concrete floor. They've taken some great care to put in unobtrusive sound deadening. More restaurants would do well to follow this example.
But the food. Hmmm....well we started off well enough with the andouille pate (an odd idea that works), as well as cornmeal gnocchi that were boiled and then fried (ala pierogi) and were quite delicious. The chopped salad was well dressed with homemade ranch dressing and "toasted cheddar" which looked like bonito flakes. Very nice.
So far so good. Then we got to the mains. Uh oh.
My main course was supposed to be a short rib cooked for 48 hours. It sure looked and tasted like brisket to me. And it was one of the weirdest combinations I've ever seen. The "fermented pepper jelly" was an unappealing bright orange color I usually associate with bad Chinese sweet and sour. Unfortunately it tasted that way too. One note of SWEET on a plate with other things that seemed utterly random. The sweet sauce obliterated everything else. The grits were tasty but, again, the sweet sauce just ruined everything. And if that meat was cooked 48 hours, I'll eat my hat. This dish would've been more successful with pork. Beef and sweet? No. And $28. Wow.
The rest of the mains were OK, the LA Rice Bowl was not really a bowl, but a plate. My husband liked it well enough, but for $28 it was off balance and the portion was miserly.
I would not go back here. The food was overpriced and so random. I'd much rather spend my money elsewhere.Had brunch on a Monday, the Oak Street breakfast.  It was delicious.  The wait staff was friendly and efficient.Damn good creative food. I never get tired of going here. Do yourself a favor and let them order for you. Your taste buds are in for a good time!Clean modern restaurant on a street with an old vintage-y feel.  Food was great with lots of flavor...a little on the saltier side though.  Unique dishes that still taste good...unlike some places that seem like they're trying too hard.  Went with the Coolinary menu.  The main courses, short ribs & Louisiana bowl, were the highlights of the night.  Desserts were just right and the cheesecake & peaches was unexpectedly delicious.  Service was good...not super friendly but polite and food came out very quickly.  Server allowed us to order drinks from the HH menu even though we were sitting in the dining area so we were happy about that.  Heard great things about the brunch and HH menu seems decent...looking forward to going back.Been a couple times and both were solid! Oysters gratin is a great app. I know people rave about the fried cornbread, but I just didn't get that excited about them. The Louisiana rice bowl and cornmeal gnocchi are my fave entrees. They have a blackberry trifle that is top 5 best things I've ever had (see pic). Perfect light and sweet dessert to end a decadent meal. Oh and skip the wine, get a cocktail! Their cocktails are delicious!Really nicely decorated venue, impeccable service and interesting menu.  The dishes are all "small plates" so you wind up needing to order 2 to make a satisfactory "meal" for yourself.  My lunch date had the fritata and the boudin.  The fritata was served in a cute skillet, but looked difficult to manuever and eat out of.  The boudin balls were a good version and served with an interesting smeared dip.  I had the cucumber salad and I appreciated having a "healthy" option on the menu, along with the lump crabmeat salad with brie that was served on top of a bun of some kind.  The crabmeat was delicious and the lump pieces were perfection.  I wish that the cucumber salad had an option to add a protein to it to make it a meal and I dislike that the table is bare of condiments like salt & pepper.  This restaurant is definitely a classy addition to Oak Street.First I want to bring out the problem! I'm not sure if it is problem with yelp or the restaurant for the name does not come up in search. Regardless, DTB doesn't need Yelp to be successful as this is a great restaurant. One does not even have eat or drink at DTB to feel good. Just walk in, you are already uplifted. Obviously, the people who designed this restaurant understood psychology of architecture. Staff is well trained, friendly, competent and punctual. Cocktails are very innovative and tasty, and there are good choices of beers and other beverages. We had charbroiled oyster gratin, chopped salad and the ribs. All very good. Want to go back soon.First time here and everything was so so good. The service, the atmosphere, the food, the music, everything was so great. We ordered mushroom boudin balls, which was delicious, but the real star was the fried cornbread, which were the lightest and fluffiest pieces of cornbread ever with the perfect amount of creamy goat cheese.  I ordered the grilled red fish, which was cooked perfectly and the creamed corn on the side was the tastiest ever. Thanks for the great dinner experience!Good spot for dinner uptown off of Oak, however the food has been hit or miss the last couple of times my wife and I have eaten. I will say the ambiance has improved drastically since their opening. We will go backAn instant favorite from day one; I've been a few times already. Get the cornbread. Get the boudin. Get the asparagus salad. Actually get whatever looks good to you because it's ALL delicious. And save room for desert.Went here for dinner with wife, daughter and son-in-law. 
Let me begin by saying I'm not a fancy food type of guy so I didn't understand a lot of things that were on the menu. Thanks to my daughter I got the definition of many of the ingredients without looking in a dictionary and acting ignorant by asking the server. Which brings me to the server.
I'm a friendly type of guy who likes to joke with servers. The young lady who was unfortunate enough to draw our table fell right in line. I started off by noticing her glasses and asking questions about them. That went on to questions about where she was from to how long had she worked there to what the little symbol on the menu stood for, etc. It came to be that she knew I would have another question each time she came to check on us but she joked right back which made for a very entertaining and fun filled experience.
We all really liked her even though she was from Texas. Ha-Ha.
As for the food everyone commented on how they liked each dish which was shared except for the entree.
The mushroom boudin balls were ok but not like the boudin balls we are accustomed to in SWLA. I had the Louisiana rice bowl which was ok. I don't like trying to peel the head and tail off of shrimp in a restaurant which could lead to shrimp juice all over a good shirt. I like my food ready to eat when they serve it.
Everyone enjoyed their food as well as their drinks and desserts. I didn't order dessert since I am diabetic and didn't see anything I would cheat for. I did have a french pressed coffee which was very strong and delicious. I paid the price for drinking it by not falling asleep until 2:30AM.
All in all I probably would not go back unless it was a very special occasion due to the price. Or maybe to visit with Ralph.First time around the area and I heard about this place by a close family friend and decided why not. The second you walk into this restaurant, you can smell the delicious food and you're greeted with a warm welcome. And then on to the food, it is a something I've never had before. A great mixture of seafood and delicious meats, and most definitely worth going back for.Can't go wrong with anything here.
Thoroughly enjoyed the Cacio e Pepe, Oyster Au Gratin(smoked oysters), Crispy Duck, Tuna Tataki, and Smothered Brussels. We went with a few people and ordered just about everything on the menu. Friendly and quick bar and wait staff keeping your tables clean and glasses full. I will definitely be back soon.This was a nice little surprise.  We intended to go to another place down the street and decided to go here instead.  Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu that was very helpful!  The vegan mushroom boudin balls were delicious!  As was the fried cornbread with the accompanying dollops of flavor party in my mouth.  The oyster gratin was honestly not that visually appealing when it came out but extremely tasty.   Would definitely go back.  It was immaculately clean and very friendly.OMG!!!! What an incredible array of delicious dishes, and a wonderful, well trained staff. I was visiting New Orleans for a conference with my wife and she convinced me to visit this restaurant along with another friend of ours. Everything from walking in the door to walking out after a wonderful course of dinner was outstanding. 
We ate through the appetizers (Known there as "Sociables), thinking we'd be satisfied with just a light meal. After devouring every single piece of these delicious apps that were placed in front of us, we decided if the apps were so good and filling, we needed to taste the dinner as well.
Again, OMG. I'm a very picky eater who won't even eat vegetables. DTB had me cleaning everything on my plate. What an experience. I would recommend this place to anyone who is visiting the area. You can't go wrong on this place. It's getting the high priced food and service you'd pay at some big name restaurant for a whole lot less.This is literally exactly what I wanted tonight. Leaving tomorrow and wanted solid, non touristy but authentically Louisiana style food. Experimental in a great way, we loved everything we got: fried cornbread, gumbo, grits, crispy oysters, and gnocchi. Fabulous food with a great local beer selection.Popped in to buy a gift card and grabbed a couple of drinks and apps.  We had our kids with us and it's not the most kid friendly place HOWEVER our server bent over backwards to accommodate our kids including getting a just lettuce salad and toasting special croutons for our 3 year old.   We will definitely come back without kids.  Try the corn bread balls they were amazing.Hip fashionable Brooklyn-meets-Cajun-style restaurant. 
Cajun southern cooking with a modern twist in a modern spacious and clean environment. 
My favorite dish of the entire NOLA trip was the Fried Oyster Croque Madame. Imagine crispy fried oysters, fried egg on a crunchy open face sandwich. Butter, ham, and cheese too. Simply amazing. Not for calorie counters as this one is off the charts in fat and calories. 
The other dish was a fried chicken sandwich. I wasn't a big fan of that. The chicken was dry. Maybe that's the Cajun style? I dunno but I've had better southern fried chicken back in NYC. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't outstanding. 
There are only 2 restaurants I'd come back to if I can to NOLA again. This is one of them. 
Recommended highly.I was promptly concerned upon arriving at 8 PM on a Friday night and the restaurant being almost empty.  Those concerns were validated upon receiving my redfish which had not been fried, but petrified.  Barely edible.  The "greens" were the weirdest mix of nasty plants I'd ever tasted.  The strawberry whiskey drink and inside ambience were good though and bring the review to a two star instead of one star.PO-BOY FEST REVIEW... this was hands down the worst po-boy I've ever had. I walked all of Oak St. looking at the festival menus and thought this would be my favorite. I got the fried oyster with ham hock, goat cheese and greens. It was $10 for the smallest po-boy on the street. No oysters, no greens, just some mush on very dry, crumbly bread. Couldn't even eat the bread. I went back and told them it had no oysters. They gave me another and the oysters were rock hard and bread still too hard to eat. Complete rip off for $10. Based on my po-boy at the festival, I wouldn't try this restaurant. Plenty of other great po-boys out here, and for $10... everyone else does a full size. This was definitely the worst po-boy I've had in 20 years of living in New Orleans. If you're out here, save yourself and go get the Cochon po-boy from Walkers BBQ. They have a $5 size that's twice the size of this $10 one. It's the same that's at jazz fest and 1000x better than this awful, dry, hard, poor excuse for a po-boy.This was our first time and we had a wonderful experience. The atmosphere was classy but casual and the food was amazing. We will definitely be back to experience the dinner menu!!  Special but not stuffy at all. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. Of course, I still have a lot more drinks to try too!!My brother and I had the most delicious Christmas Eve brunch here. We got the potatoes au gratin, oak st breakfast, and crispy oyster croque madame. Everything was perfectly savory and filling without feeling greasy. The drink specials were great, too. $5 speciality cocktail when we went was a spiced rum sangria and select beers were half off. Service was friendly and efficient, decor was great, everything was clean. All around wonderful experience!We had a gift card from a friend.  The room is lovely.  The food is "meh".  Our waiter was attentive at first but never came back after our entrees were served; he got busy with a table of 20 and we were completely ignored.  Our lamb was raw; we like it medium rare but it was raw.  The trout was masked by a hard, thick coating. The cauliflower side dish was burnt bits of cauliflower; the waiter should have noticed it was untouched.  Dissappointed as we live in the area and are always looking for new places.Food has too much sausage and pork in it for my liking-very few healthy choices. Service was excellent.I implore you! Do not leave New Orleans without eating at DTB! We were lucky enough to stay in the Riverbend while on vacation and our host recommended this place, saying that it's gotten a myriad of positive attention from local foodies and critics, and rightfully so. Our group of eight ordered five or six small plates and three large plates then shared everything with the entire group. Every bite we put into our mouths was phenomenal. My mouth is watering as I think back on it. We sampled the chargrilled oysters au gratin, the boudin balls (best I've ever had), fried cornbread, and the blue crab gumbo (holy moly, what a roux!) Large plates included the short ribs (which melted in our mouths), duck confit, LA rice bowl, Wagyu flank (like buttah!) All of the sides that came with the large plates are just as amazing as the main courses... from the butter braised turnips and grits to the potato beignets; and the charred cabbage made our eyes roll back into our heads in ecstasy. Seriously. I'm getting a full plate of that next time I'm there. Fantastic food, wonderful service, in a trendy, yet fun and unpretentious atmosphere. Love this place! Do yourself a favor. Get there!Wow this is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. 5 stars all around wish I could give them more. The service was excellent, cocktails were on point and the food (best part) was amazing a must do if you're in the oak street area!Beautiful restaurant! Great service. We had desserts only but will return for dinner soon. Chocolate cake was great but the other desserts were just okay.This is my favorite place for brunch in the city and I also love it for dinner. My husband and I come all the time. 
As far as drinks go, The Saltwater is purely fascinating. It's a very salty drink with a grapefruit taste mixed with basil and the peppercorns add a real kick. My husband's favorite drink is the silver dollar: a watermelon tequila drink. 
As far as the food goes, you can't match the mushroom boudin balls. They are smoked perfectly and go well with the aioli. I love their half chicken on the dinner menu. It's flavored amazingly. We were recently there for the Coolinary menu and I was super blown away by the Mac and cheese. It was perfectly creamed with the right amount of Parmesan shavings and panko. Normally I get the salad with steak and zaatar ranch.My partner and I went to DTB tonight for a special occasion.  I have seen the critical accolades since they opened their doors, and have been following them closely since before they opened!  And finally, we got to give it a go!  We opted for all appetizers and small plates, and we LOVED every bite!  Don't miss the eggplant and burrata, the crab boiled potato wedges, and the mushroom boudin balls!  We will be back soon...and we're bringing friends, too!Really enjoyed brunch today! Everything we ordered was excellent! The grits are the best I've ever had! Our waiter Walter was outstanding. Great food and service! Highly recommended!Great food. Great service. Great atmosphere. We went for brunch and the dining experience was spot on. Really enjoyed the potatoes the most. French Toast was just as good. I am planning my next trip.We decided  to try a new spot for brunch and chose DTB because it's in the neighborhood  and the reviews were great. Upon entry, we noticed that the restaurant was bigger than we thought and the owners really  put some thought into the place....all in all very nice. We started  with the featured cocktail which was a sangria. I didn't  care for it but my wife loved it. They have a long list of craft beers on tap which are half price during brunch, so I chose one of those at the end of our meal. We started with the gumbo, which I wasn't  too sure about, because it was described  as collards and crab...I've never had collards in a gumbo (unless it was gumbo d'herbs). Anyway, it was served with potato salad (no rice). I asked for the potato salad  on the side because I think it cools the gumbo. That said, it comes to the table and surprisingly I like it! The potato salad was good too, but I'm  still a rice fan. Next up, we both ordered the oak street breakfast. I was excited  to try the pepper jelly bacon, my wife not so much. We didn't know that she could  have ordered  hers without the pepper jelly. The breakfast came, but sadly everything was cold. We told the waitress who offered to put our plates in the salamander, but we declined. Next thing  we know, the chef came out with some hot bacon, which was so much better. The grits would  have been real good, had they been hot. The biscuit was good though, and they bring out two selections of jam with it. We did not try dessert. I'll  try this place again, but I hope the food comes out hot this time.Unique spot on Oak. Great service! I had the strawberry fields cocktail which was a strawberry infused bourbon and the whole catfish! Everything was delicious.Probably some of the best service I've encountered recently. The cocktails and food were off the chain. I ordered the pork chop, French fries, and crab claws....and fell in love. The brown butter old fashion and saltwater cocktails are a must too!From a person that doesn't like oysters I loved the oysters here. Come with an appetite because you'll want more. Not only the food was delicious, the service was fantasticDTB was the best restaurant I tried in New Orleans.  Nice clean modern decor. Excellent service at the bar.  I tried the charred cabbage and the tempura style trout.  Cabbage was excellent. Very nice smokey flavor.  Trout was delicious but to call it tempura style was misleading.  The batter was much heavier than a tempura batter.  I believe these guys are known for their cocktails as well but I did not try them.  I was on a bourbon kick and the Blanton's did the trick. Restaurant was a bit empty for a Thursday night. I hope things pick up for them. It is absolutely a 5 star restaurant.I had the Louisiana rice bowl, and it was absolutely fantastic and out of this world.  The variety of flavors was diverse.  A slight heat, and definitely a creole style.   The service was excellent.  The downside was the price, and the limited menu.  Even the draft beer, which was also excellent, was $8, which seems high compared to what I am used to.Food and service were top notch. Fried cornbread and boudin balls were outstanding. Duck confit is an excellent dish. Atmosphere and environment in the restaurant is fresh and exciting. Restaurant was very accommodating for our large group. Highly recommend to anyone.Food was delicious. Outstanding flavors. Awesome drink menu. Go before the word gets out!the cocktail menu is amazing. the bartender, tim, was phenomenal! very friendly and knowledgeable, and made the experience perfect with great recommendations for food and beverage! the fried cornbread and crawfish pie eggs benedict were both unique and extraordinary!With all the amazing food in New Orleans, DTB really sets itself apart from the others . Amazing food and service . Cocktails to die for . Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys exceptional dishes!Absolutely fantastic! I don't write a lot of reviews, but I like to give credit where credit is due, and especially shout out to worthy new places. DTB is brand spanking new, barely open a few weeks, and I knew any place that was getting such reviews even while brandy new was worth a try, and boy was it ever (and here I am writing my own five star review!). 
First, the decor is awesome - modern and warm and inviting, and with really cool touches that let you know you're in Louisiana (like the Spanish moss on the chandeliers). The drinks are delicious, and very reasonably priced (props to the use of Reyka vodka as the well vodka - my in-laws absolutely loved their martinis). And the food, well I could write a whole soliloquy just on the food. 
There were five of us, and we literally had probably half the menu, and just shared everything (which is the way to do it, especially at a place like this). Not one thing did we not love, but a few highlights: the cauliflower rillette was outstanding, as was the chopped salad, and the mushroom boudin balls and oyster gratinee were on point. The crawfish bread is to die for. The only large plate we had was the short rib (also excellent, and the grits that accompany it set a high, high bar for all other grits), though they all looked great and we'll be back to try more soon. 
Usually a restaurant either does savory food well or pastries, but not both, but DTB kept throwing rocks, even with dessert. We only had room to share one thing after the feast we'd devoured, which was the banana toffee cake, which like everything else was wonderful. Also very good coffee. 
Too boot, the service was top notch - friendly and attentive. We've been to many, many restaurants that have been open for a looong time that can't even hold a candle to DTB. We were thoroughly impressed, and so excited to have them as a new addition to the neighborhood. We can't wait to go back soon!I live in the neighborhood, and decided to let DTB get rolling before giving it a try.  It's Friday lunchtime, and I go in with 3 others. We were seated quickly and waitress was very attentive, food order didn't take long at all. My friends ordered some sort of breakfast/brunch dish that looked over cooked. My friend and I ordered the shrimp remoulade.  HUGE disappointment, as I was raised "down the bayou".  I assumed everyone knew that "Cajun" does NOT mean "over seasoned".  I've never had a dish filled with so much black pepper, even up north. And where's the remoulade sauce? You won't find any in this dish.  I found the menu to be limited for a lunch menu. But I'm giving it 3 starts for the service, and the aesthetic.  But DTB left me craving the shrimp remoulade I wanted....big juicy and plump shrimp, delectable sauce.  Didn't get either here.Went to DTB for brunch and absolutely loved my experience. I ordered the Fried Chicken Tartine, while my friend L ordered the Beef Debris and Grits. My dish was definitely super hearty, as the server warned me (he said I'd need a nap after), and every bite was delicious. L enjoyed the Beef Debris dish, and we look forward to returning!Really outstanding flavors. The concept is well executed and the space is beautiful. We tried several dishes that sounded fairly uninspiring (pickled shrimp, chopped cabbage) that were completely fantastic. This well exceeded expectations and we will be back.It's all about sharing, but it's just too hard to share when you want to eat it all! Love the Shrimp Rice Bowl! Between the pork belly and crawfish and Tasso mixed in with super yummy rice is a perfect egg yolk that just evenly runs over the dish trying it all together. Also, how can I forget the spiralized mirliton on top, vegetable serving in for the day! Next time will go in with a sharing is caring mindset so I can try more of the menu. The team there is also very attentive, maybe a little too attentive, but I appreciate the follow up especially for a new place.