Very good food and service. A small place but the food was as good as you get. Off the beaten path, but should be on your radar for quality and tasty food. Only downside,  the bathroom was broken. Time to call the plumber.Awesome brunch spot! There is usually a wait, but just put your name on the list, venture down the block for a Bloody Mary and come on back! We dropped off a couple of bottles of champagne to be chilling for our future mimosas. {They are BYOB.} For starters, we ordered the deviled eggs and chicken livers. The eggs were great, as I hear were the livers. (I don't eat those:) I really couldn't make up mind what to order, as everything sounded delicious, so I ended up with a BLT and a side of fried green tomatoes which I promptly added to my sandwich. The spread that came with it put this ordinary sandwich way over the top! Everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. The atmosphere is really happy, too!Nice appearance. The place looks good maybe a little bit hip. Friendly service. Food: nothing impressive.
We got fried artichokes with a very good blue cheese sauce. So far so good. Then the main course came. The cochon was good. But nothing extraordinary. The crawfish pie was hard to digest and the cheese covered all other tastes (crawfish taste is delicate).
For dessert we had chocolate cake and ice cream. Again nothing wrong but If you want to have some great food experience do not come here.Incredible place! Yes, BYOB from the corner market one block away. We showed up right as they opened at 5:30 and had no problem getting a table for two on a Friday night without a reservation. I had the chicken fried chicken - the cream gravy was to die for, perhaps the only time I've had gravy that rivaled my grandmother's. We had an appetizer, two entries with salads, and desert with coffee/tea, all for $60 before the tip. With 20% tip and the bottle of wine we bought it was still only $85 in total. What a great experience for a good price. I wish we had a place like this in Boulder, CO.We came here for lunch, showed up a little before noon and were the first ones to be served.  The dining hall is small so if you don't want to wait get here early like we did.  I get the feeling that the menu changes a lot depending on what local stuff if in season.  Check it before going in so you aren't surprised that what you came to eat isn't being served this day.  Also, they don't serve Alcohol, so BWOB, we saw some folks arrive with bubbly right after us.  Also they take a break in the middle of the day and are closed for a few hours.
Over all the experience was amazing, we had the talapia sandwich and the fried catfish each with fried green tomatoes, then we finished with bread pudding...amazing.  The catfish was flaky and soft and tender and very tasty, the talapia was meaty, flavorful and had great texture. The tomatoes were light and delightful. The bread pudding came out in a little ceramic boat covered in pecans in what tasted like a sherry sauce, this was the best I had all trip.From the moment we walked into Eat, I knew it was going to be a great experience. This little gem is so unassuming from the outside, but absolutely adorable the moment you open the door. The walls are ocean blue with really interesting local art for sale. The tables are covered in white butcher paper and they have a shelf of pickled veggies and jams for sale. I bought some strawberry jam and can't wait to go home and tear into it. I was clapping before my food even made it to the table, I figure someone put a lot of love into the decor so I couldn't imagine the love that they must pour into their food. I was not disappointed. 
I had the Fried Catfish Po-Boy and it was heaven on a bun. The Catfish was lightly battered and oh so delicate. We had 2 people at our table who didn't like Catfish but couldn't keep their hands off my plate. I am admittedly addicted to french fries and happily finished the mound of curly fries on my plate. My husband had the fried green tomatoes as a side to his blackened Tilapia and boy were they perfection. They are coated in the most delicious batter and paired with the perfect dipping sauce. My cousin had the red beans and rice and it was the most flavorful that I have ever had. 
I would go back here in a second! Eat has it all right, cute interior, great service, and food cooked with love.This was our last day in Nola, and we both decided that this probably was the best place we went to for eating overall! It was the Sunday brunch and I had fig/marscapone waffle with grits, poached eggs, bacon, and I think that's all! It was divine!
The person I went with had the fried green tomatoes with poached egg and hollandaise sauce on top with extra thick cut bacon underneath!
We both thought these were some of the most memorable dishes we had in Nola. I however love chicken livers, so I ordered some of those. But I thought they tasted burnt. Too bad, I wouldn't order those again. And the other person with me had banana fritters with peanut butter and chocolate. They were terrific, but they certainly didn't need the peanut butter and chocolate. They could stand on their own.
Now since this was the last day, I decided to try I mint julep... I had some at the Pebble Beach food and wine expo several years ago that put me under the carpet - those were certainly memorable. But this was absolutely comparable to them. And you should know that I never drink bourbon or whiskey or any of that stuff. But I had their mint julep's and if I must confess yes, it was at 11 AM. It was a good thing I was getting on the airplane.
This is absolutely a place I would return to. Thanks very muchEnjoyed everything we ordered. Chicken and dumplings were great, albeit a bit light on the chicken. Had the vanilla pie for desert which was outstanding.Que Manifique! This place was out of this world! My sister and I strolled in before closing and we are so glad we did! The service was amazing and the food was everything we wanted and more! I had the shrimp and crab fettuccine with fried green tomatoes. My sister had the chicken and dumplings with baked mac n cheese. It was outstanding! The decor is super adorable and the walls are adorned with pictures of classic cars from Cuba. If you want to eat some really phenomenal food that is reasonably priced check this place out!Eric did an amazing job.  It was a very nice change from the loudness of the rest of the French quarter.  Ordered the trio it was good however the chicken gumbo is to die forFantastic!!! The menu was so interesting that we couldn't decide on an entree, so we ordered several small plates: hog head cheese, shrimp boulettes, Caesar salad, butter beans and shrimp, and fried green tomatoes. Everything was amazing. The waiter then comp'd us a cup of gumbo because he said it was so good we had to try it. Buttery, smokey, sweet, complex bundle of flavors that just kept on giving. 
Great food, great service, totally reasonable price. Go now!The eggs dauphine and fried green tomatoes with remoulade were amazing! Plus, they were willing to make it vegetarian for me (take out the ham, extra tomatoes) and were super nice about it. Best brunch in New Orleans.It took over 10 minutes just to get water for the table. They had fruit flies around us before the food even came out. The crawfish pie was good but everything else was average at best.This place is just yummy.  For any foodie it's a dream.  The perfect twist on homestyle cooking that keeps everything fresh and new.  You can also BYOB here which is an added plus in my book!!  Try this little nugget!Cochon dinner ($19) was amazing!Chicken & Dumplings were good. Deviled eggs were decent. Gumbo was nothing special.
BYOB. 
Service was good. 
Not a fan of the name.Breakfast/Bruch was amazing. The Eggs Dumaine are very rich but so good! The wife had the eggs daphine which was just as good, if not better.Food was excellent. Not "real" southern cooking BUT the stuffed peppers and Mac and cheese were amazing. We were sorta turned off by the environment because the website said its a BYOB establishment with cheap dinner specials. We figured we'd check it on a Saturday night. After walking in with our cups of beer, we had to instantly sober up due to the fact that everyone was sipping on their wine bottles and having dinner by candlelight. 
Thought time was pretty cool that they ask for your number at the door then text you when the table is ready.Looking to get an authentic Cajun meal before a night out in the French Quarter, my friend and I identified EAT New Orleans as our selection (thanks in part to Yelpers like you), and I'm glad to say that EAT lived up to our high expectations. Upon walking into the small but cozy restaurant, we were immediately seated by a window and brought menus. It's BYOB, which we didn't know before arrival, but our livers probably thanked us for delaying our drinking an additional hour. 
Brief observation: while waiting for our food, we saw some people come and get turned away, but others come in and be immediately seated when there was an open table. While this may have been due to the restaurant approaching closing time and not wanting to start a wait list, it may be advisable to call ahead to confirm availability if you're not just in the neighborhood.
I got the Fried Catfish; my friend, the Shrimp and Crab Fettuccine. The Catfish was juicy and savory with a nice cripsy batter (though I was left wishing I had one more piece), while the Fettuccine was rich and creamy. Both came with sides that were equally delicious. The service was fine, nothing to complain about or commend; we left happy and sated. For quality NOLA food at a moderate price point, I'd recommend stopping by for a visit.I actually found Eat on Yelp, and the restaurant did not disappoint!  After taking my boss to Port of Call the night before, I knew I had to find a more up-scale yet still affordable restaurant for dinner.  Eat looked great, the menu looked amazing, and I knew we wouldn't be drinking, so the BYOB thing wasn't an issue.
The restaurant is ridiculously charming.  Just a block off of Bourbon Street, it feels like you're in a different world.  Our waiter Alex was awesome - he was adorable, so accommodating, and wasn't the least bit fazed by changing dinner options and adding dessert after the bill had been delivered.  
And the food - oh, the food!  I had the pork tenderloin with mac and cheese.  The pork was delicious, though the glaze was a tad sweet, but the mac and cheese was some of the best mac and cheese I have EVER had, and I grew up in South Carolina.  I would go back just for the mac and cheese.
We weren't going to get dessert, then decided to get the pecan pie a la mode.  Once again, some of the best pecan pie I have EVER had, and this is a staple in my home town.
This was the perfect place for a quiet, relaxing dinner with great food, a pleasant atmosphere, and fantastic service.Perfectly prepared food in generous quantities. BYOB. Sweetly caramelized onions on braised pork with home made Mac and cheese is wonderful.We surprised a friend for her birthday on our trip to the Big Easy, and found Eat on (where else) Yelp - thanks, guys! 
The weather was not kind to us on the day we had 7 p.m. reservations, so some of our plans changed several times throughout the day. We ended up changing our reservation to catch a show at Preservation Hall, and Eat graciously let us make our reservation for 9 p.m. 
I'm so glad they did, because the food at Eat is phenomenal. I'm not sure if the menu changes regularly, but take my advice and if you see fried food on the menu - do it. I don't care what your aversion to unhealthy food and trans fats and all that crap are. Fried catfish and chicken fried chicken should not be missed. Also, I think half of our table ordered the crawfish pie and mmm'ed the entire meal. 
Eat is a BYO! Now you know. 
Oh, and the night we went, amazing late-80s, early-90s tunes were playing in the background. Sorry, every-other-BYO-in-the-world, Eat just stole my heart.Good food great service.  A little over priced on the entrees.  Though the portions are large. Three ate on 1 appetizer, gumbo, a side salad, 1 entree, 3 sides and a desert with leftovers to spare. Recommend the beef shrimp stuffed pepperI consider a meal amazing only if I want to keep stuffing myself until the danger zone. The shame of gorging until potentially puking ranks below eating food so good you can't stop. The fried green tomato breakfast was incredibleeee. The tomatoes were amazing and omg the biscuit and grits. OMG THE BISCUIT. 
One friend got the breakfast with pork and greens and she talked about the greens the rest of the trip. Another had the lox and bagel and it was covered with beautiful exotic fruit and they obviously do their own salmon but its no competition for the fried green tomato breakfast. It will change you.What a great spot! Far enough away from Bourbon Street that it doesn't feel touristy, but close enough that you can easily walk there. Our waiter, Andy, was super friendly and happily explained some of the menu items that I was unsure of. My husband and I shared the crawfish boulettes as a starter - so yum! Crispy breadcrumbs and a definite crawfish flavour. My husband had the barbeque shrimp while I had the crawfish étouffée. Both portions were huge and delicious - my dinner came with two sides as well. We then shared the bread pudding for dessert, which had a definite whisky flavour that finished the meal perfectly. Definitely worth a visit!Chose to go here after reading all the positive Yelp reviews, even though they do not have an ABC license. The soul food spoke for itself supposedly. We were greeted by 2 very nice employees; one of whom turned out to be our server. He was so high, we couldn't carry on a conversation. I was concerned we wouldn't have a positive experience but we plundered on. My fiancé ordered the deviled eggs with bacon as a starter. Eggs had been made far in advance and were so ice cold they were flavorless. I had the fried green tomato remoulade as a first course. I was pleasantly surprised each tomato was topped with a shrimp that was perfectly cooked. The remoulade was mustard-based and very bitter. For the main course, I chose to just have some sides. The macaroni and cheese was actually cut spaghetti and cheese, something I'd never encountered when ordering this dish. It was ok, not what I was expecting. I also ordered their smothered greens, which were supposed to be smothered in onions and vinegar...well, I think I actually got just the plain turnip greens...no onions and definitely not smothered. My fiancé got the chicken fried chicken, which he said was salty. His sides were the butter beans with shrimp and rice. They were tasty and well-seasoned. We were both full at this point so we ordered desert to go. Their flourless chocolate peanut butter cake was highly recommended by our server. When we got home and tasted it, it was so dry I had to throw it away...it was not even palatable. Overall, I was very disappointed in the food and in my experience in this restaurant. I will not return.lovely place for brunch, can bring your own champagne! great food but not a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. great service from our waiter josh. definitely will be back, great atmosphereI had the most AMAZING brunch ever last weekend at EAT!  I am a brunch connoisseur, and these guys have nailed it.  We had a very short wait outside, which was actually a good sign --- when there are people lined up to get in.  We had a party of two, so the wait was not as long as larger parties. I shared a plate of their shrimp and grits, along with their apple caramel pancakes.  Unbelievable! I don't usually order or eat shrimp and grits; just not my thing, but I was asked to come out of my comfort zone, which I am pleased to say that I did.  This place is a BYOB joint, so you can bring your own champagne, which was something new for me. That, along with a carafe of their fresh-squeezed orange juice just added to the meal.  The place has a quintessential New Orleans look and feel to it, which just adds to the already cool vibe there.  
LOVED it!Definitely a must visit on a trip to NOLA. BYOB encouraged, no corkage fee. You just have to buy the orange juice for mimosa's. The portions were big and the prices were very good for a brunch. They accomodated  a group of 12 of us and had great service.We were looking for something to eat in the French quarter and came across Eat.  Literally my only complaint is that it's not handicap accessible but that was easily overcome with some help from some strangers lifting the wheelchair up the step.  We ordered 2 burgers.  I felt $13 for a burger without cheese was a bit steep but you are in the French quarter so....   we did order them with cheese.  My son was in love with the amount of cheese they put on!  Red bean and Sausage gumbo was wonderful.  My wife ordered the chicken fried chicken.  Portion was big and delicious.  That day they also had a special on wild mushroom soup.  Wonderful for a mushroom lover!  Great wait staff as well.  Very friendly and polite.Delicious.  Had a fantastic meal here this past weekend.  Was in town for a friends bachelorette and we had a reservation for 12 ppl.  Everyone from our waiter to the two chefs who each claimed to be the "head" chef were very friendly and attentive.  I had the flank steak and garlic smashed potatoes.  Delicious and cooked to perfection.  One of my friends had the stuffed pepper which was so tasty I almost finished that too.  The serving size was perfect, BYOB worked out great and best of all it was so reasonably priced!  Definitely stopping back in the next time I am in town!Eat was a great, unexpected surprise. The breakfast was amazing. The "Eggs Cochon" was probably the best breakfast meal I've ever had. I travel a lot so that's quite a statement. We also have the deviled eggs with smoke salmon as a starter.  Look forward to having dinner there the next time we are in NOLA!I LOVED it.  It's a great place to start your trip off in the French Quarter.  Eat looks like it was once a house.  Very quaint with a small kitchen in the back.  The dining area is decorated with paintings of people in Mardi-Gras costumes.  The Chicken Gumbo and Shrimp Po'Boy was my first New Orleans meal (this time), but well worth it.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  
Good for groups but definitely make sure to call ahead because of the smaller space.Beautiful restaurant set just one block off Burbon Street.. I went in , looking for New Orleans cuisine; my gosh, I was not dissappointed!  They've got a very nice staff. The upscale decor adds to the experience, while people eat there in  casual dress.  I ordered stuff I though i'd like and was right. The chicken and andouille gumbo was delicious, not very spicy, and the pork tenderloin with carmelized onions was really magic. That's not just carmellized onions- there's a seasoning I can't identify that makes it among the best meals I've ever had.  Thanks, you all!Hip, friendly, attentive service. Great food starting with the appetizers. We enjoyed our first dinner so much ( boulettes and trout entre were the faves) that we booked for the 4 course New Years Eve dinner. Everything was excellent particularly the turtle soup, boudin stuffed quail, and every dessert was delicious. This place is BYOB. There is a little shop one block down but I would recommend planning in advance and bringing a lovely bottle of wine to match your meal.I'm giving them 5 stars because I can't think of anything to fault.
I went at "brunch time" on a Sunday.  They do not take reservations except for dinner.  They do have an electronic "waiting list" and will text you when your table's ready.  I was told it would be about 30 minutes and it turned out to be more like 20 minutes.
I ordered "The Trio" which was supposed to be chicken/sausage gumbo, white beans and a stuffed pepper (preceded by a small Caesar salad).  The waitress informed me the white beans weren't up to their standards and offered several substitutions--I happily chose fried green tomatoes with remoulade.  It was all delicious and the portions small but reasonable for a lunch/brunch meal.
The room is very pleasant, not overly crowded like many New Orleans places.  The table was covered with an actual white linen cloth.  All the staff I encountered were exceptionally kind, competent and seemed eager to please.Fantastic!  Cochon was delicious. 
Great atmosphere. Attentive staff. 
Very reasonable for the price.The food was ok but the waiter was terribly rude to me. While I was ordering, he had the nerve to tell me that there was no such thing as scrambled eggs medium and that he wasn't going to do it. The place is overrated. I will NOT be returning.Food was mediocre as well as the service. Both of us ordered the three course dinner and they ran out of 2of the three desserts offered. I probably wouldn't attempt it again. Pretty slow all around.took over 20 minutes to finally get the desserts...By far the best food we had in NO on our trip. Affordable, tasty and inviting! We loved this place and will make sure to come back on future visits.Randomly stumbled on this establishment, Had dinner, not a lot of options on the menu but still decent choices. Had a piece of fried frog legs for the first timeHad Saturday morning breakfast.  Unique menu that was enticing.  I had the chicken fired steak and it was not like what you find at home.  Fantastic!  Filling, tasty and fresh.  Biscuit was thick and yummy.  I had a big breakfast to prep me for the Drink and Learn tour.Excellent neighborhood eatery..service is top notch. Love the Caeser's dressing, Catfish and crawfish boullettes. If you're planning to eat there on Friday or Saturday evening, best to make a reservation..we didn't but the wait was only 30 minutes..Pleasantly surprised at the Chicken and Dumplings..not what I expected..but very good!Very cozy little spot.  BYOB, unfortunately we didn't make it to a store to bring something with us.  Fantastic option though.  Service was a little slow to get started but recovered nicely.  
Food was solid. Quiet and cozy.Food:
Mediocre.  Had the trio.  Gumbo was watery.  Stuffed pepper was very bland.  The red beans and rice were good.  Portions are small by NOLA standards.
Service:
Bad.  Their entire interaction with me:  First waiter takes my order, seems nice.  Later places salad on my table wordlessly.  A second waiter says, "you got the trio?", places meal on my plate with no other words.  A 3rd waiter drops the bill on my table - while I'm still eating - says nothing else.  I flag 3rd waiter and ask for the dessert menu and I'm told the kitchen is closed (they could have asked me before the kitchen closed).  My water was never refilled until after I finished my meal.
Decor:
Nice.  White tablecloth, flowers on table, modern.Yum, this place is really awesome. We ate here twice during our trip and both times were excellent. Our servers were super nice and we never had to wait for a table. Service was a little bit slow but the place was pretty crowded!
The first time we came here we weren't super hungry so we decided to split an appetizer and a main course. Fried green tomatoes remoulade are something to be tried. They're delicious and something I've always heard about but never have had the chance to eat. We also shared "The Trio", which had gumbo, red beans, and a stuffed pepper. Mmm. All 3 were drool worthy.
Second night we came here we were really hungry and each got a main course. My boyfriend tried the pot roasted chicken with a side of smothered greens. Whoa, that chicken was good! So flavorful!!! I had the crawfish pie and a side of garlic mashed potatoes. Loved my dinner. The crawfish pie looked like a piece of cheesy pizza that had a pie crust.. insides were filled with a delicious sauce and crawfish. I don't normally take a picture of my food but it was so good that I went ahead and snapped a quick one! The garlic mashed potatoes were so so so tasty. I almost ordered the fried green tomatoes again but I'm glad I tried these instead. They were amazing.
Dinner for two comes to a little over $40 with tax & tip. Definitely a place within our budget that was completely delicious.Outstanding breakfast.  7 people, 7 different entries.  Each one fantastic.  You can't go wrong here.  The place is small-ish but the staff was very accommodating.  Prices are a bit high but the food is great.  The wait can be longer for a large group (they really only have one large table).  True - they don't have alcohol, but you can BYOB from the bar across the street.We ate brunch and lunch here during our New Orleans stay. Both meals very good, the fried chicken is huge and delish. Perhaps on the pricey side for ordinary dishes, but they were quite tasty.
Sun:
Eggs Dauphine: Stacked poached eggs, country ham, fried green tomatoes, and hollandaise, with a homemade biscuit - $13
Big Breakfast: Chicken fried chicken with country gravy, two eggs, grits, and a homemade biscuit - $16
Thurs:
Fried chicken w/ 2 sides: butter beans, small salad - $18
Fried catfish w/2 sides: butter beans, small salad - $18
It's a small cute place, very light and bright. Not much room to wait during busy hours.
Location: East end of the French Quarter at Dumaine and Dauphine.Fantastic place for brunch!! We had a group of 7 and were able to be seated right away (even though it was a saturday). We all seemed to try a lot of different things on the menu, all of which were great! I tried the crawfish balls and had the Eggs Cochon and they were both outstanding. The Cochon, along with some of their other entrees, were a unique twist on eggs benedict. Also, they DO NOT serve alcohol here! However, our server informed us of a rule that we could BYOB and the first bottle is free, then the second is a $15 fee. I strolled down one block to a little store and grabbed two bottles of champagne and we just order a few pitchers of orange juice to make mimosas! The $15 fee really wasn't a big deal when you think about how much it would've cost each of us to have multiple alcoholic drinks. If I had stayed in the area longer, I definitely would've been back here multiple times! Highly recommend! Enjoy :)A phenomenal experience! We arrived starving and in grungy travel clothes, but the waitstaff didn't bat an eye and seated us quickly. Every bite was delicious; the crawfish boulettes were amazing, as were the butter beans and the crawfish pie. We did the 3 course prix fixe, which was a very reasonable $23. We left STUFFED! The waiter was excellent and attentive, and gave honest answers when we had questions about the menu, about his favorite items and what to expect from dishes we weren't familiar with. Would happily recommend to anyone, and would absolutely return.Overpriced, run-of-the-mill food spot. Terrible music playing. I had the breakfast sandwich with a side of bacon that was technically a chicken/bacon/Swiss. Not good. Tried the stuffing for the bell peppers. Not good. Too chunky with okay seasoning. Tried the gumbo as well. Not good. Very basic and the chicken that was in it was dry as hell. Not good. I can get a filling meal for the price of a sandwich at far better places in the quarter. Sorry Eat New Orleans, you're just not for me.My husband and I came upon this place as we were walking through the Quarter.  He ordered the chicken fried chicken and I had the soft shell crab po'boy special.  I honestly don't recall a more silent meal that the two of us have shared... we just kept staring at each other and our eyes got wider while we ate.  This food is INCREDIBLE!  The gravy on his chicken made me want to cry and those crabs were perfect. They were two of the most savory plates of food I've ever had. If they served drinks they'd get SIX stars.  Eat here!Amazing food. Great service. 
Crawfish étouffée was amazing and the staff was quite helpful.Dinner, small plates, amazing value! Really blown away by the fact that my gf & I got so many awesome small plates and sides for not very much at all. Everything was delicious. Oh yeah, BREAD PUDDING. good night. Also, its BYOB so definitely plan on that.A great corner place. I had a trio. It was very delicious. The stuffed pepper is over the top, gumbo is really good. BYOB makes it more enjoyable. The decor is cozy and the the people are very nice, try it if you haven't already.
My wife don't  like crawfish, however she ordered crawfish pie based on the server's recommendation. I am amazed she ate more than half of it. Must be good too :-))Great food, nice casual atmosphere, very friendly staff. Will be back!  Short ribs were delicious and the cochin (pulled pork) is a must have. Yum!ummm...seriously patrick m, are you sure you actually ate at this restaurant???? i find all of your alleged accusations impossible to believe! this little restaurant does a really good job. Note to all: they do not serve alcohol, which is very rare for any restaurant in the 504....so they actually have to do a better job than anyone else in town with their food...which they do.......and they do it very well. Top favorites: great hamburger, the butter beans are to die for (almost), the chicken fried chicken, anything for dessert....you won't find any of that pre-prepared sysco crapola here! Give it a try, you won't get ripped off, you'll leave full and you will get great service!This restaurant was very highly rated so my wife and I had to give it a try. No alcohol served here, so I had to run down the street a block to Matassa's to buy a bottle of wine which was no problem. The food was awesome, from the fried green tomatoes with remoulade to the fried catfish (best ever!). Blue cheese/fig/Balsamic vinegar with crostini appetizer and an excellent chef salad. We also had a smothered greens with parmesan cheese gratin for an appetizer. My one regret is we were so full we couldn't order dessert. BUMMER! Very reasonable restaurant I would highly recommend. Try it - you'll love it!Cozy restaurant on the corner that feels a little like a converted ground-floor apartment with nice nooks for seating. Solid cajun food with nice range of specials that left me just enough to choose from without feeling overwhelmed. Fried okra was great, as was the salmon & dill special. 
Quick note: this place doesn't have a bar, so make sure to grab some beer or wine at the convenience store a block away before you head in!It's BYOB. Food blew us away. Best gumbo I've ever had. Tender pork loin and server was bad ass. Thanks guys"A" for effort - i like the concept and idea of using local ingredients and local flavors but their execution on the taste wasn't great.  we gave them 2 chances, we went for dinner and for sunday brunch... and both times were mediocre, if that.
dinner.... fish was flavorful but overcooked... veggies weren't cut evenly so some veggies weren't even cooked.....mac and cheese, the pasta was mushy and overcooked...  pork was well executed... the side dish of shrimp and butterbeans was pretty good and pretty flavorful :) and the bread pudding was way to sweet...
brunch... poached eggs were fine... grits were too salty... breakfast sandwich was pretty good but nothing special... the peanut butter and banana pancake special was ok but they forgot the bananas on mine... and the check took forever to get at the end... 
food is priced appropriately... not expensive and not super cheap... 
location and atmosphere were good...This place was delicious. The guy at the Voodoo Historical Museum down the street recommended the Eggs Dauphine, which he said was basically a cajun twist on Eggs Benedict. I've never been a huge Benedict eater, but we decided to go with his suggestion. Totally amazing. The sauce was great, the fried green tomatoes were delicious, and the egg was poached perfectly.
I had the gumbo, which was also really good, but not quite as exciting and memorable as the Eggs Dauphine. Atmosphere here is clean and modern. We had to wait 30 minutes to get a table, which I understood when I started to eat their food.The Cochon with mustard greens was wonderful! Everything else is "meh". The decor is awful. Other than the modern chairs, it looks like they took no time to decorate. I came to this restaurant originally because of the "chicken and dumplings" reviews on Yelp. Unfortunately, they took it off the menu. 
Maybe the company is trying to be hip and young, but the waiters are not professional. Our waiter had no name tag, wore a hoodie, and had his hands in his pockets each time he talked to us. When I asked what was in the stuffed bell peppers he said "pork and shrimp", and I asked what else- rice, sauce, anything- and he said he didn't know. Not cool. He should have went to the back and asked. My husband ordered the burger. It's comes plain and you have to pay a dollar for each add on (cheese, bacon, etc). It's a huge rip off. For my side I got the baked mac and cheese and it was not good. Seemed like ordinary spaghetti  noddles with cheese... not baked with a crust at all. 
We spent about $40 for 2 people, and it was not worth it for the price. However, as mentioned from above, the Cochon with mustard greens was very tasty! That's the only reason I -might- come back.Cute little cafe, reminds me of similar places back in California. It was recommended to me by a local. So I ordered the crawfish pie and fried green tomatoes. I guess crawfish is an acquired taste because I didn't like it at all. Tomatoes were better. My server ignored me to the point that I had to get up and go to the kitchen to pay.Brunch was amazing. Hidden gem. We each had something with pork in in. Delicious. Definitely recommend the Cochon. Grits were buttery yummness.Yummy!  This place was a great find!!  We asked the waiter what to order and went with it.They are keepin it simple at Eat, so I'll do the same:
BYOB, Yay!
Crawfish boulettes, Yum!
Gumbo, Yum!
Pork tenderloin, Triple-double-yum!
Pot-roasted chicken, not so much.
Great server, Yay!
Someplace mellow in Crazy-Town-FQ,  Heck Yeah!Came because of proximity to my hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Had their tomato bisque-like soup -- phenomenal! Then I tried their crab and shrimp Alfredo... excellent too! Nice place from good unpretentious eating experience.EAT takes Southern/Cajun food and makes it a bit upscale.  Everything was tasty, especially the chocolate buttermilk pie!  Try it if it's on the menu.  My chicken fried chicken was very moist and the mac & cheese made with spaghetti noodles was inventive!
FYI  - The servings of the sides are teeny weeny.Great service from the time we walked in! Food was good ! BYOB if you like which we loved! They provided glasses and kept wine chilled :)Great little restaurant with well-executed, delicious food.  We had lots to sample -- fried green tomatoes, chicken livers with chili jelly, crawfish pie, almond coated tuna, bread pudding -- each well done and tasty.  The BLT sandwich was a little disappointing -- dry and with mediocre lettuce salad -- but everything else was excellent.  And the prices were a bargain for what we got.
Eat New Orleans would be a favorite regular dining spot if we were local.  We look forward to our next visit.Well lit, beautiful big window, casual dining with charming servers who were are well versed in the menu. Large portions to satisfy & filling. Recommend: shrimp & crab fettuccineI walked to the quarter on father's day with a couple of friends. We decided to stop for breakfast and were going to meet a fourth person who was coming in by taxi. i was looking forward to it because i used to go there all the time with my mother when it was the quarter scene.
The three of us walked in and they refused to seat us because one was en route. that despite the fact that four tables were open. We were told to wait outside twice...in ninety degree heat.
At this point, there was zero chance we were going to eat there. when our fourth arrived, we walked down to horns and had a terrific breakfast.
so, thank you, EAT. due to your "service", i found a great, new place.
Actually, no stars. congrats!Well....yes you can eat at EAT but you might wish you hadn't. The food is awful and the service is even worse. The shrimp Poboy was stale and served with cold Kraft mac n cheese. The Brussel sprout salad was heavy on vinegar and served hot. And the waiter was surly and borderline hostile. I have NO idea how this place gets 4 stars. The only reason I'm giving it 2 is that the crawfish broulettes were actually pretty decent.This is probably the first restaurant I've eaten at in New Orleans where I've left satisfied and not overly stuffed (having been born and raised here, that's saying something). The food portions were perfection, from soup to salad, entree to sides, and even dessert, everything was just right in portion size and flavor! To top it off, the prices are extraordinarily reasonable and the food is delicious. This place is a must for anyone coming in to the city looking for affordable and authentic New Orleans cuisine!Had breakfast here.  It was excellent.  Started with the fried green tomato remoulade served with shrimp.  The FGT were the best I've had in a long time.
I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had the Big Breakfast which was true to its name. 
The restaurant is in a home in a residential part of the Quarter away from the craziness.super cute place on the corner.  Great service and amazing breakfast!  I loved the biscuits and gravy!Had the chicken and dumplings. Wife had the fried catfish. They were fantastic. If your looking for a solid, chill place for dinner in the French quarter you cannot go wrong!Disappointing food and service; I had the trio- deviled eggs, ribs, macaroni and cheese, and coconut pie.  It took the server awhile to greet us and he was slow throughout the service. 
The ribs were very dry, tough and chewy.  By far the worse dining experience while here in NOLA.Forgot to BYOB, but the food ....what they had ...was def fanom. 
Not a whole lot of vegetarian dishes, so I ordered the Portabella sandwich...only to find out they didn't have any. One of my friends ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert...only to find out they didn't have any more. The waiter was pretty spacey beyond not knowing what they had and didn't.
I had the fried green tomatoes app, a side of veg and a side of mashed potatoes for dinner....but they were damn good. The banana cake was OMG so good. Very glad they HAD THAT.Awesome!!! Everything we had to eat left nothing to be desired. Our server, Doug was funny and nice and knowledgable! The only thing I didn't enjoy and why I didn't give them 5 stars was that there  were no highchairs and they don't serve alcohol. However, there wasn't really any place for a highchair and they encourage BYOB.  It had huge windows that give you a great view of the quarter.  The pear butter and andouille cheesecake were my favs! Def will be back w more people!