Awesome and cheap Vietnamese food from the kitchen in the back. You can call in your order in advance too. Ask for the buy-10-get-1-free card if you're a banh mi Pham-atic *groannnn*.
Also if for some reason "Sample every variety of Boone's Farm malt/wine beverage" is on your bucket list, get your ass here asap.good bun, pho, and bahn mi, haven't explored the rest of the menuI saw this place on a PBS special on Vietnamese food in New Orleans. I stopped in for take out lunch today. Pork banh mis and pho -delicious! The bread was perfectly flaky. The prices were very reasonable, employees friendly, and the food was prepared very quickly. I live in the neighborhood and imagine myself coming back at least once a week. Highly recommendI was told by many that the banh mi's were good here but I have had better. I think for the price you get an excellence size and value but the quality of the sandwich itself, at least the grilled pork variety, could have been better. I am sure that there are better banh mi stands in the area but this one for sure is solid. Don't expect amazing but expect good.This review is based of the banh mi (Vietnamese po-boy). Out of all the Vietnamese restaurants in Mid City. This little convenient store does it right. If you are looking for a great unaltered banh mi with the traditional ingredients and taste, this is the place to be. They also have boudin for a good price. The dishes are also worth trying but their sandwich is a must try first.This is one of those places that continue to surprise me here in New Orleans -- that a convenience store food mart serves Vietnamese food. And it seems pretty legit. I discovered the place when I did a banh mi search on Yelp. I was surprised, but probably would not have made the effort to go if it wasn't located right next door to the Aristocat Nail Salon, where I had a Living Social coupon for a mani pedi. The owner of the salon is Vietnamese and I trust that she knows her food and she highly recommended the place. So far, I've only had a banh mi there, which is a bit different than other ones I've had. I usually go with the standard cold cut combo, but Eat Well's is overstuffed with barbecue pork. It 's really delicious, but it can also be a tad bit greasy, but you know, sometimes grease is good! The people who work there are really nice and you can call in and they'll have it ready for pick up! And they don't seem to mind when I ask for extra pickled carrots and daikon. Oh, and extra spicy, too! Now, I go out of my way to pick up a banh mi before work! MMMM -- I'm hungry now just thinking of it!Definitely try the  beef yakamein. Delicious. Super savory, simple. I wish I had the recipe. A great soup, any time of day.Excellent, inexpensive, takeout banh-mi from a very unassuming deli counter at the back of this Midcity corner store. Definitely have them add homemade paté for. 50/.75. Haven't tried their other dishes but definitely will next time.love. this. place. grab a quick bowl of tasty pho and grab a bahn-mi to go. not the most authentic flavors, but close enough for the price. my only complaint is that bok choy was the only veggie in the veggie pho. c'mon now, can i get a carrot or piece of broccoli please?I usually come here to get the banh mi. I believe it is the best in the world. I had my share of banh mi from California, Texas, and Atlanta. Always get it extra spicy with sriracha aoili. The bread is from Hi-do bakery! 
Today I came in for my usual banh mi,  but Chef P told me to try his Phoritto. I heard about this in California but never tried it. He insist I add an egg to it also. I was a little iffy at first.  Pho and EGG wrap like Wth right. All I got to say is BRAH! BRAH! It was not dry, yet it was not soupy like pho. The pho broth infused noodles reminds you of an actual bowl of Pho. The balance of Hoison to sriracha was on point,  but the kick of the lime and cilantro sealed the deal. 
The banh mi is my favorite, but the Phoritto is not far behind.I had the 8 inch Nem Nuong. Fast & polite service the sandwich was good too for $6. I will return to try the pho.Pretty decent banh mi. We loved the fresh baked bread, although would've liked it spicier and more acidic- the slaw was a bit boring. More pate would have been nice as well. This is definitely not the place to go for ambiance, it's a counter tucked inside a convenience store but the food is better than you'd think from the atmosphere.Once again I love this place!! So excited that they added bao pork buns (and other varieties) to their new menu. Definitely worth a visit!The only item we order here is the Banh Mi. If the woman makes it, it usually very full and great. If the man makes it, it will be skimpy on filling. Either way, it is a good Banh Mi for a reasonable price.This place never fails me.  Finally tried the pho burrito and all I can say is YESSS!  I had the brisket phoritto and my son has the chicken phoritto.  It's made to order so it takes a few minutes but worth the wait.  The broth, the wrap, all good !!!I've only had the Banh Mi so far, but it was so delish, I'm craving it for lunch again today. So fresh and delicious and the bread is to die for! I agree with the other yelper, too....the carrots on it are so yummy!Great Bahn Mi and a great Oyster Po-Boy was found while we were waiting for our bus.  The Bahn Mi had a nice spice to it and the Po-boy was very tasty and was served on fresh delicious bread.  
  This place was a total surprise.  The place seems like any other convenience store but this great treasure of food is found as you venture to the food service area of the mart.  My wife and I would definitely come here again.Convenience store with a Vietnamese restaurant inside that also does traditional NOLA po boys along with banh mi and NOLA's own yaka mein (aka "old sober").  The chicken pho is a flavorful version in a a good size bowl that is not too small or too large.  There is a dining area in the front with tables and chairs and then a lot of folks get things to go here.   Prices are quite affordable for many things and a good value for what you get for some items and less so for others.Stopped by here on our way to the airport after reading Yelp reviews.... park in the back, walk in and go to the back of the store to order your food.  We went with two orders of beef pho, regular 12 inch bahn mi, spring roll and Vietnamese ice tea.  
Beef Pho - you can definitely taste the MSG in the broth.... can be overwhelming... so if you are not a fan of MSG, I would recommend you stay away from the dish.
Spring Roll - it's not made fresh; as it tasted like it was made the day before and left overnight... and I can see this happening as they open early and closes at 8pm.
- Bahn Mi - the best food amongst the food we ordered.  I don't know if pickled radish is standard in bahn mi, but this place did not use radish in their bahn mi.
There is a seating area by the from of the store... once you are done eating, go to the cashier and pay for your meal.Probably some of the best and most authentic pho I have ever had. The prices are also incredibly cheap. The area it's in is a little on the sketchy side but nothing to really worry about. Definitely go try it if you're big into pho!Should be 3.5 stars. Had pho ga (chicken) which was above average but not out of this world. Service is great and prices cheap so would definitely recommend it if you're in the neighborhood and craving Vietnamese.My friends and I took a trip around NOLA to basically eat all day. One of our must go stops was for the phorrito. We didn't see it on the menu so we had to ask the guy behind the counter if they had it. We didn't think it will live up to all the hype. However, it was the best thing we have eaten on our trip! This is a must try!! It comes with a side of pho broth for dipping. You have an option to add an egg and whether you want it spicy or not.What a neat little corner store in Mid-City! 
Come in for the gatorades and red bull, stay for the bahn mi, pho, breakfast or po-boy. The po-boys are on some of the most delicious French bread I have ever had and run about $3.50.
Everything is made to order and you can call ahead and scoop it up if you are in a hurry.Banh mi extra spicy...yum. owner gave us a sample of their roasted potatoes and a piece of orange chicken while we waited. Not bad. Want to try their pho now that its chilly outside. Thanks yelpers!Damn...the banh mi is so good, I have to say so again.
I picked up one for my boyfriend, and he too thought it was one of the best banh mi he'd ever have.  This is coming from someone who dated a Vietnamese girl for several years...so he knows good Vietnamese food.This is a convenience store. So don't expect fancy service or the type of ambiance you'd get from a restaurant. There are people walking in and out of the store constantly and their TV is always on. 
At the back of the store is a counter where you can order Vietnamese food, poboys, and a few other things. And trust me, it is damn good. 
Combination banh mi - I'm not sure what makes this banh mi taste so much better than other places I've tried. But it is. They give the perfect amount of veggies and meat and the bread is perfectly toasted. 
Grilled pork banh mi - I didn't have the chance to try it, but my brother ordered it and he gave me a thumbs up when I asked about it. 
Shrimp poboy - On Vietnamese French bread, dressed with mayo, pickles, tomatoes, and lettuce. It's not super stuffed like other places, but it's also not skimpy on the shrimp like a few places. It's not my first choice when I come here, but it satisfies my cravings when I do order it. 
Phoritto - The hype is REAL. I saw a post about it on Facebook and bam! The next day, they're selling it at Eat Well, so I had to come try. Honestly, I wasn't expecting much when I ordered it. But wow! This is really good. It's filled with brisket, pho noodles, bean sprouts, basil, basically everything you'd put in pho, you'd find it in a phoritto. Pho wrapped in a tortilla and you might think it would lack flavor, but it's not. You've got to try it for yourself. Hurry! Because this is a limited item.We went twice because the food is reasonably priced and good. The service is slow because it seems to be cooked to order. There are small tables and chairs to eat at. Be patient, the older man taking orders doesn't speak a lot of English. The first time I ordered Pho-ito, not on the menu but highly recommended. It had the ingredients of Pho but in a tortilla, that you dip in broth. tasty but the Pho is better. The second time I ordered fried oyster po-boy. Really good.I don't know if I should actually post a review because I haven't actually been there. A family member picked up a Banh Mi from there for me. It was the tofu and it was delicious. The bread is perfect and the price is low. I am on a bit of a tofu Banh Mi kick right now. I saw from the menu that they do pork and a Vietnamese sausage one as well.I admit, I was skeptical about this place. It's not in the best part of town and the name is a little strange. But the reviews were all good and I was craving a fried shrimp salad and one of the reviews said they had this even though it's Vietnamese.
This skeptic has been fully converted! First of all, the menu has SO much variety - salads, soups, sandwiches, Chinese food, Vietnamese food...all kinds of things.
I ordered my salad and was very impressed. The shrimp were huge!!! It also came with eggs, pickles, and tomatoes all arranged in a line. I adore eggs on my shrimp salads so bonus points!
All I had to pay with was Amex and they don't take that so I had to leave my delicious salad while I ran home to get something else. This isn't their fault though. I've gone back 2 other times for the shrimp salad and once for their chicken pho. This wasn't the best Pho I've had, but it wasn't awful. 
I'm definitely looking forward to trying more things on the menu here.This place is fantastic. The people who work there are accommodating and great to chat with. The pho is delicious and affordable. Highly recommended!!!Visited new orleans, tried the banh mi, and was hooked. I had the banh mi for breakfast 10 days in a row. It's so ridiculously good, better than the banh mis I had in Vietnam!
The Pho is solid as well, and the managers and workers are friendly. Plus you can eat in or take out.Bustling bodega with a food counter at the back to order inexpensive vermicelli bowls(~$8), Banh mi($7.50-8), po' boys, spring rolls, pho, steamed buns, and fresh, deli style fried rice, corn soup, ribs, etc. Sautéed, almost caramelized onions accompany the Banh mi and vermicelli bowls. Get the pork in either - tender, perfectly greasy, and a hint of sweet. Pick up your food at the back and pay at the regular register. 
Excellent selection of single beers and tiny wine bottles to class up your meal, as well as the usual bodega selection of bagged snacks, bottled sodas, unique Asian drinks, lotto tickets, booze behind the counter, full-size wine bottles, and single-serve candies. A few personal care and cleaning items round out the deal. 
Located on a major intersection and the clientele is constant and varied. Don't be a baby and be put off by all the activity.This lady smiles while she cooks! I love her! She's zipping around pulling bread from the oven, flipping a pan of shrimp on the fire, frying egg rolls, and dressing our banh mi all with a grin!
Sadly due to my lack of enunciation, I asked for a banh mi with bocca but was given banh mi with PORKa. Boo. We ordered them to go and did not know until we were on the road out of Nawlens. We scraped the meat out and enjoyed the jalapeños, cilantro, cucumber, sriracha, carrots, pickled radish, and toasty bun. 
The veggie egg rolls were not special. Boo. 
Also, we each were given free Arizona Ice Tea.If you're a buns guy or gal, bless your soul and feed it this spots fried oyster buns.Perfectly seasoned tofu bahn mi. Mmmmmm. My gf enjoyed her pork bahn mi as well. Restaurant is at back of convenience store. If you're coming from the French Quarter, just hop on the trolley up Canal Street.5 stars. 4 words. Foot.Long.Banh.Mi.4 stars for being open on July 4!!  Enjoyed my second visit and had pretty much what I always have, a beef (bit fatty) Pho and my grilled pork vermicelli...shrimp BAHN to go.  Busy corner but easy parking...lively street scene.Eat Well is a small convenience store in Mid City, that happens to also have a food counter.
The Good:
Their banh mi is hands down the best banh mi that I've had without having to travel to the Westbank, or New Orleans East.  It's big, and it's reasonably priced.
The So So:
The service can be slow, and isn't exactly personable.  But I honestly don't care. Just give me mah banh mi.
The Bad:
It's in sketch area, and there's no parking.One of the best banh mi that I've ever had.  I like it ten times better than the Hong Kong Market's banh mi.  It's not super heavy or greasy, the bread is great, and it's just perfectly delicious and filling.  And they're HUGE.  I feel lucky to have this place super close to home.Price is great. I had the beef pho and my boyfriend had the bah mi. We both agreed that the pho was better. It's not the greatest pho but this place is so close to home and it can satisfy my craving in a pinch.How have I been around the corner from this spot for so long without stopping in? 
Inconvenient parking. That's how. And the only reason I made it in this time was a fortuitous spot near the corner. If I walked this neighborhood more often I'd be a regular, no doubt about it. 
This is a regular lil corner store spot... Cold drinks and wine and chips. And a deli counter in the back. 
The store was empty when I arrived, which made me nervous about my dinner choice, but soon after I ordered others came in and did the same. Felt much better. I wasn't alone. 
I had the pho ga, and it's prettttttttttyyyyyyyy good. A little heavy on the onion, but the broth is somehow both light and satisfying. Chicken is well seasoned. Service is quick. Maybe 10 minutes from order to exit. 
I am pleased. And eating pho.grilled pork: not bad, not really good. would be amazing if it were half the cost. no need to ask for extra carrots. ordered spicy, but wasn't spicy at all. no more free drinks with sandwich. nice staff.Ok finally went here based on reviews. Soooo worth it.  My son and I loved the pho!  Alot for the price.Bring a friend.  Get a foot long banh mi sans butter ($6.99).  Jalepenos are darn spicy, but delish.  Drink a Big Shot soda.  Thank me later.
This is some good stuff people!I pretty much eat here everyday since I operate the business next door, Aristocat Salon + Nail Spa.  The staff is super nice and the place is always clean.
Favorites on the menu (in no particular order):
1.)  Banh Mi (I always ask for extra carrots).  If you like your food spicy, ask for Extra Spicy.
2.)  Pho Beef - So good!
3.)  Tuna Salad Sandwich on Wheat toast
4.)  Grilled Shrimp Wrap
5.)  Omlet Combo - Sausage + Bacon
6.)  Grilled Shrimp Vermicelli
They also carry a wide range of juices and drinks to go with your meal.  You can dine in for lunch or take out.  Make sure to call in advance to avoid long lunch lines!This is a hard decision to make, but I think this is my favorite Banh-mi in the city. The bread is perfect, nice and crispy without being stale - I'm pretty sure it's from Dong Phuong, but I've been wrong before. I get the grilled pork, which is just the right amount of crispy, tender, and sweet. The fruits/veggies include carmelized onions, carrots, cilantro, jalapenos, and cucumber. Ask for spicy, unless you're some kind of wimp.
Just walk to the back of the store and wait for your sammich, or call ahead and pick it up. There is seating available.They make vietnamese food to go from a small kitchen.  It's not quite as good as restaurants in Nola-East or West Bank, but it's right there in mid-city instead of 20 min drive.  Their Banh Mi (vietnamese poboy) is really good!Hands down best pho on this side of the river (Mopho you're good too but this is ). It's very flavorful and quick. They have great banh mi too. P
They have a pho-rito that I haven't tried yet, but my friends love it! This place is a wonderful gem in midcity and it makes me so happyStill have the taste of Banh Mi in my mouth as I write this short review.
For 4.99 I got the Banh Mi and a can of soda. 
Banh Mi wasn't that spicy though, would have like it spicier, and filled with more cilantro. But it was delicious none the less and a great alternative to what I usually eat for lunch. Plus they replaced mayo with butter. I hate mayo.Why am I just finding out about this place? And who would have ever thought you could find good quality pho at a corner store? Their pork buns are are also very delicious. The staff is also very nice to me also. The woman always thanks me profusely for ordering and even helped to walk my order out to the car. Unlike most pho restaurants hey give you a to-go bowl and soup spoon. They also separate the broth from the meat and the veggies. That's a big deal because most restaurants just put everything in a styrofoam cup and give you regular silverware or they only separate the noodles. I love this place! I'll definitely be back!My favorite bahn mi in the city! Super easily accessible location with parking in the rear. Friendly staff, good prices. what more do you need?Love the food here. I work next door , not only its convenient but the food is good. I love their beef pho! I thinks it's better then a lot of places. I'm Asian so I eat a lot of pho and it's even better then my moms. They have a good banh mi (Vietnamese po-boy) there also.So far this is the best banh mi I've found in New Orleans without having to drive to the West Bank or out to the east and I literally could not stop myself from taking bites on my way home.  I got the mixed cold cuts with pate as a large, 12'' po'boy.  It was huge and packed full of delicious pickled carrots and daikon.  My total came to just a little over $7.00, which I found to be an awesome price for a 12'' banh mi.  My car is currently destroyed by flaky bread crumbs since I could not make it home without tearing into my sandwich.  One bite led to another and I almost plowed my car several times into a number of potholes on Bienville all while sending more shattering bread crumbs down my shirt and throughout the interior of my car.  Eating a po'boy while driving is by far more dangerous than texting while driving.  They also have regular po'boys on the menu as well as yaka-mein which I'm going to have to come back for!  I don't know if you're supposed to use the parking lot behind the building, but I did and it made coming here accessible and easy.Eat Well has, in my opinion, the best banh mi in the city. Perfectly spicy, cheap and delicious. Decent yakamein too.Being sooooooo close, as in NEXT DOOR close, to my most frequented nail salon; of course I've visited this eatery/quickie mart on several occasions. 
With each visit, I find the same level of customer service & product delivery... Yay!!!! #consistencyiskey
I've eaten the Yetcamein here, French fries & the banh mi. 
Fair pricing. Food delivery is a little slow, but food is made to order & with one or two fry cooks, the lunch rush may not be a rush at all. Parking can be found in the rear of the building or on the street; you pick your poison, red or blue pill. 
I like that there are a variety of items for sale inclusive of but not limited to ICE CUPS!!!! 
Location is key & this place gets its right; corner of Broad & Canal, this is such a busy, busy spot. Way to go.I had the grilled pork banh mi which was fairly average: a buttery baguette with pork and pickled vegetables. Nice and spicy too. This was definitely a decent meal for 7-8 bucks, and it satisfied my long neglected banh mi craving. Since we spent a lot, spring rolls were thrown in but I think I would have been disappointed if I had paid for them. The place is just a counter in a convenience store but there are a few tables if you wish to linger. Note that the menu only has one listing for banh mi, so you may want to ask what types of bang mi they have if you aren't familiar with them.I have been coming to Eat-Well since I moved to New Orleans 10 years ago. They have great fresh foods! Staff is terrific! My usual is the BanhMi poboy!This is one of my favorite pho places. 
Everyone RAVES about their Banh-mi but no one talks about the Pho and other things. So that's what I'm going to do. 
I always just get the combo pho and an egg roll. It sets me for a couple days (I mean seriously its a 32oz cup of broth + a bowl of noodles and meat) The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because they lightly cook the ALL the meat when you get it to go instead of letting you cook it in the broth.... it happens no biggy, just a little less rare than I like things. 
The Vermicelli noodles are freaking incredible. I LOVE the pork and egg roll combo (grab and extra egg roll or 2 with that. You will thank me later) 
The best thing about all this, its even better the next day. (I just had yesterdays lunch again today) 
Also they have a parking lot behind the building on broad. Its a small lot so if you've got a big car it might not be fun if the lot is packed (if its empty its easy)I hate reviewing my work day lunch spots in fear that people will find out how delicous this place is and my wait for a banh mi will increase, but this place deserves a 5 star review.. It's yummy as hell and they're super fast and somewhat efficient. Don't piss off the little old lady taking orders and you'll be fine. Try their yakamein and stick to pork banh mi as it is still a corner store and those are safe bets and always good.Don't expect a full restaurant with tables and waiters. It is a convenient store. It has only 5 tables and 10 chairs set aside at the corner. But the food is GOOD! The PoBoys are the best! They use French rolls, crusty outside, soft inside. On the corner of Canal and N Broad. Canal Street, street car stops right in front of the store.I have been here twice. Once to-go and once I ate here. 
The Vietnamese poboy I ordered to go was good. I think it was the meatball. It was long and skinny compared to other Vietnamese po-boys I've had before but still tasty and around $7. 
The chicken pho is what I had the time when I dined in. The cook/order-taker in back recommended I eat the pho there, "it betta here" were his exact words, I believe. 
They give ya a big bowl w/tons of steaming noodles that you have to walk on a plastic tray to the small tables area in front. It feels kind of funny balancing a big bowl of soup while passing up old drunks opening and closing the cooler doors to get to their alcohol. 
The dining area is the main reasons I gave it three stars; it was pretty dirty and they had a homeless couple sleeping and snoring the table over (see picture). 
Eat well also doesn't give you a cup of ice water bc they want you to buy a bottle of water from the convenience store part of the place. Oh and the napkins they give are brown paper hand towels you use to dry your hands with in bathrooms usually.  They have sriracha n hoisin sauce. 
All in all the pho was good and comforting. The store is a pretty ghetto operation so eating there is kind of adventurous. 
If you don't mind eating in what feels like Magnolia Mart or IDEAL gas station then I'd say order the pho. That and a bottle of ice tea set me back $9.03. But if you're in a hurry go with the Vietnamese poboy for $7 and some change.Good, cheap, hole-in-the-wall convenience store to grab a quick bite. The fried tofu banh mi was delicious! Don't forget the hoisin sauce and sriracha!I stopped here for lunch- bahn mi and a "homemade" egg roll. Delicious and cheap!  I'm really pleased to have found it and it will be on my rotation of regular lunch places.Damn good Banh Mi sandwiches at a fantastic price. These may be some of the best Banh Mi I've ever had (admittedly, I haven't had a ton but still).  Large portions, super tasty, low prices, no hassle.  I highly recommend it.Really great convenience store on the corner of Broad & Canal. Actually, it's an average convenience store but the deli counter rocks. You are in luck if you want:
Poboys
Gumbo
Eggrolls & other assorted Chinese food
Yak-a-mein
Fried chicken
Eggs & other breakfast items
Banh mi
Pho
Single serve wine, cocktails, & Four Loko
Personally I like the chicken pho. It may not be the best pho ever, but it's pretty tasty (& a huge portion) for $6. The banh mi will satisfy your craving if you don't have time to drive to New Orleans East.
If you're near Broad & Canal and craving pho, check out Eat-Well Food Mart.Lately I have been seeing this crazy concoction on my Facebook- the PHORITTO. Well, guess what? This place serves it, yay me! I have to say, I have had my doubts. Everyone knows it really can not get better than a piping hot bowl of noodles, meat fixings, herbs, and condiments. However, as I ate the phoritto-- I became a convert. I really liked it. Just the right ratio of what normally goes in a bowl of pho, plus, AN EGG! Something about an egg with a runny yolk seems to work well with all food.This place is close to my house and has pretty good review, so I thought I would give it a try.  I'm no expert, but the Pho is pretty good.
I posted pictures of the menu.  My biggest suggestion, call ahead and place your order.  You are obviously not going to eat there, and there is not much to do while you wait...Biked over and found the banh mi on the menu after all the po'boys. I ambitiously got the 12 inch (total w. tax $7.63) but probably should have opted for the 8 inch. For those of us who are from other parts, this probably isn't the banh mi you've pictured. Around my neck of the woods, banh mi comes with caramelized little cubes of pork. Here, the pork is sliced thin and red like you'd find at a Chines place (still known as 'sweet pork). Either way, the sandwich was good, the bread terrific; I only wish that I'd been warned about the multitude of japaleños (SEEDS IN) that lie disguised between the carrots and cucumber!!
Also, lock your bike up before you go in. I don't know that anything would actually happen but Broad is an area that I wouldn't want to take that risk.BEST BANH MI in town!
This is an awesome grab and go place for some authentic vietnamese food! There's parking in the rear and a few tables to dine in if you'd like. It's not really the most glamorous place, but what do you expect from a convenient store? THE FOOD IS WORTH IT!
The classic vietnamese Banh Mi will never let you down! The layers of favor packed this sandwich is ridiculous! It's smothered with their special aioli sauce, packed with THREE types of meat, and filled with cucumbers jalapeños, and pickled carrots! SO BOMB!
The Spicy Beef Noodle Soup (Bun Bo Hue) isn't something I'd expect to order here but it's sooooo goood, def homemade. Not many places around town even offer it so this keeps me coming back every time!
*NEW* Phorritto! Sure, you'd think what's pho without the broth? Def a new modern approach to pho and its worth the try. You can choose from spinach and flour wraps.The phorrito is stuffed with pho noodles, any meat (I prefer brisket), mint, and sprouts --- the broth flavoring balanced perfectly inside the wrap! If you're wanting the taste of pho on the go, this is it!
Overall, If you haven't tried these great dishes, what are you waiting for? You won't be disappointed!it's not open on sunday. i know the sign says it- but it's not true- don't be disappointed like me!I have a pho obsession and have strategically trying everywhere I can find in the city.  Granted I live near by, but I keep coming back to Eat Well...  Price, taste, location - can't really beat it.  The new large plastic soup bowls and soup spoons are a nice touch.  Also the included bottle water always ends up in. My fridge for later, but I can see why it would be a nice touch if you are not taking it home.
Does it beat West Bank pho?  Prolly not.  Do you want to drive to the West Bank every time you are craving pho?  Hells no!  Eat well!This is quite possibly the best convenience store in the city.
Good food at reasonable prices, a solid selection of liquor, and some of the friendliest business owners in the city. One time I asked about a product that they didn't carry, and the gentleman behind the counter told me that he'd order it -- they had it stocked within the week. 
The Banh Mi's and Pho are above average, and if it weren't for the fiercely delicious vietnamese food available in the city, it'd probably rate even higher.
They have one of the best shrimp po' boys in the city, and that's no easy feat!
The various other asian lunch foods and fried chicken are forgettable and fairly unimpressive -- but that's entirely forgiveable given the high degree of excellence for this little corner store.Can't find better quality for the price. 
Known for their Pho, Banh Mi, and Pho-rito.
    Home of New Orleans' first Pho-rito. I must admit, the thought of a pho burrito didn't sound appetizing at first, but everyone that tried it said how great it tasted. After trying it, I became a believer. Although it doesn't taste exactly like Pho, it has a unique flavor of freshness in every bite. I love trying foods that I can't get anywhere else, so this was a delightful experience.
     You also cant go wrong ordering any of their shrimp dishes. I am a big fan of their grilled shrimp banh mi and grilled shrimp po-boys. 
    Although the restaurant is also a corner-store there is an area dedicated to dining in. The environment may not be the fanciest but it's the perfect place to eat when you want to dine in without having to tip for being waited on.
Food 5/5
Price 5/5
Environment 3/5
Experience 5/5This place is definitely a hidden gem within Mid City. Hidden in a corner store, I used to pass by the place all the time. Until one day I was perusing Yelp for some good pho in Mid-City.  
And I've never looked back. They're never busy (maybe because it can be seen as a seedy convenience store, you don't really want to linger) and you have to go to the back of the store to order. But I don't mind the sketch when you taste the quality of their food. 
Now, I have been slightly obsessed lately with their pho. Chockful of ingredients, I was wonderfully surprised by how similar it was to my mom's delicious concoction the first time I tasted it. Rich and brothy, it was obvious it had been simmering overnight so the ingredients and flavors had plenty of time to marinate. They also gave me traditional Vietnamese herbs and plenty of bean sprouts. I also like the fact that they use the same hoisin sauce as we do at home. Best of all, you feel satisfied afterward and don't feel the need to drink lots of water since it's not laced with MSG.
Their fried shrimp po-boy done Vietnamese style is also really really good. You don't get tons of shrimp, but the shrimp is perfectly fried. Plus it's a different flavor from the traditional po-boys so I'll get this when I want something different. Wasn't a fan of their bun bo hue. The meat was a little grisly and there wasn't enough noodles. Broth was deep and flavorful though. 
One star off because sometimes they're brisk and seem to be sick more often than not. And sometimes they will overcharge you for things. So check the register to see what they're ringing up.Amazing pho & the bahn mis are the best!!! The wait time is rather short and I usually just call in my order for pickup. They also have regular sandwiches and fried chicken wings etc. I recommend getting the spicy grilled pork bahn mi And the beef phoI was told that this was one of the quickest places to reopen after Katrina! The Bahn Mi sandwiches, Vietnamese Po' boys, are PACKED with flavor. I got a 12 inch one for $8 and it was a sweet deal! Don't let the outside fool you. Walk to the back of this convenience store for some great eats! I'll be back for a pho-rito.Once you dodge a streetcar and all the kids coming of out of Easton and you swing here in here you will find a ridic clean corner store, seriously probably the cleanest I have ever seen.  They have a great banh mi at the usual cheap banh mi price (if you pay over $4 for banh mi you are prob in some gringo vietnamese spot).  A great place for a quick lunch bite on the goThe best steam buns ever! Great Vietnamese food, and it's very cheap. Great service! The lady forgot my sriracha aioli and literally chased me down outside to give it to me! How sweet. Now that is someone who really cares about her customers, so you KNOW she's giving her all when it comes to her cooking here. Delicious.I don't remember how I managed to come across this place but their bahn min is amazing! While its a little heavier than others served around the city it will hit the spot dead on. The french bread they yse is perfectly crusty and the butter brings the whole sandwich together.  Definitely a good bargain for the two sizes they offer and they also have a great selection of bottled iced teas and other drinksEat-well, on the corner of Broad and Canal, appears to be your typical convenience-type store. Stepping inside, it is clean and the staff is wonderful. Head to the back and that is where the homemade food lies.
The chefs, Vietnamese, make typical New Orleans fare (poboys, red beans and rice, etc.) and Vietnamese food (Banh Mi, Com Suon). They offer daily specials (3 items of your choice for $4.95), and the majority of the food falls below the $6 range, which is rare in this town.
I have yet to have marginal food here and recommend this hidden gem to anyone looking for food outside of the usual CBD or FQ.