My favorite pizza in New Orleans. I also like that they offer salads (among other things) and a solid wine list with decent prices. My toddler likes that they have booster seats and crayons. And, if needed, the restrooms are spacious and make for an excellent "time out" location for said toddler.The outdoor seating is perfect!!! The drinks were fun and the chorizo pizza was delicious.  The chorizo was sliced like pepperoni which I loved.  The beer battered zucchini with aioli was also yummy.Cool Pizza place and glad New Orleans finally has a Neapolitan pizza offering.  Pizza was good but could use some more creative menu options.  We got the Margherita and Pork Sausage Pizza. Appetizers and small plates were all very good; the potato small plate was simple but delicious.  Draft beer was limited but good and only one person at the table ordered from the cocktail menu but it was good and the other options looked good as well.  
My advice would be for them to take a trip to Houston or Dallas to try Cane Rosso Pizza; they need to add a pizza similar to their Honey Bastard.
Would try again...Went back to Echo after being offered by the owner a free pie. The pizza's were once again delicious with the best of them being the chorizo which is divine. The service was once again great as well. Its a tad bit expensive for pizza but its also very unique and delicious.I had heard a little about Echo's when I ended up close enough to stop in for lunch.
The place is pretty basic: you walk in, sit anywhere and then get up and order once you've figured out what you're in the mood for. I got an order of fried zucchini and the margherita pizza with pepperoni added.
The fried zucchini was different, but good. It was lightly battered but it still retained the zucchini flavor, if that makes sense. The margherita was pretty good, even if it didn't knock my socks off. The pizza is "brick oven/thin crust" kind and it came topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella, basil and grana for $9.50. The pepperoni was another $3. Sadly, part of the bottom of the pizza was burnt and one slice was nearly inedible (I didn't discover this until I brought my pizza leftovers home). Honestly, the rest of the pizza was fine, but I'm not sure it was worth the price. I'm used to pizza places that give you a little bang for your buck and I didn't find that here. Also, while I usually like just ordering at the counter, I found that inconvenient here and I wonder if it's because it was lunch and the place was pretty much empty and they didn't want to be bothered with coming to me to take my order.
The pizza will likely satisfy a craving, but I think prices are a little steep for what you get and for the quality of the pie.I first saw this place come up under "hot and new" on Yelp and soon after, a friend of mine went and loved it. It's right near where I work on Broad and I can walk there from work. I was so impressed with the space. They let me hang out and tutor online for hours and I ordered a burrata pizza with the freshest ingredients. Next time, I want to try the arugula one. Their happy hour is a great deal. The Grenache/Temperanillo blend they had was amazing and only for $6. I noticed they also had rose selections. The place draws a cool crowd - family's, entrepreneurs and other solo diners off work. I will definitely make it one of my regular spots.The Margherita pizza was kind of a let down, I only gave 3 stars because they totally skimped on the ingredients. It looked like marinara pizza with a couple pieces of cheese. I wish I took a picture of it or even opened the box before I left because I would've said something in person. Only two slices of pizza had a piece of basil on it and you'd be lucky if each slice had a piece of cheese. Friendly staff and nice restaurant, just had higher standards I guess?Service was pleasant.  Craft cocktails were unique and strong (rum cocktail was really just straight rum though).  The appetizer we chose was the anchovy with bread.  They were nicely plated by simply being laid on a plate.  The bread was good with the melted butter.  We also chose the chirizo pizza.the pizza is amazing! whole vibe is relaxed and pleasant and there is a nice courtyard outside. every server I've had has been a gem. get the burrata pizza!! also eclectic wine list. Oh and get the fried zucchini too.Excellent service. Fun atmosphere. Reasonable and intriguing cocktails. Lambrusco!! Don't skip the candies on the way out either!The pizza is absolutely top notch but it's more personal, California type pizza so don't come looking for NY or Chicago style. Also in keeping with their original restaurant, 1000 Figs, the ingredients are super fresh. Highly recommend.I love Echos! Everything is spot on and craveworthy. My favorite is the arugula pizza and the salads. I come here all the time and tell everyone about the unique pizza and great environment.Best pizza in New Orleans!  Absolutely love going here.  The mushroom pizza is fantastic, as is the lemon/miso pizza.Have enjoyed a great dinner and lunch at Echo's. With a group, we were able to try multiple pizzas and appetizers for dinner and calling in to pick up a meatball sandwich on semolina (such good bread!) for lunch couldn't have been easier. I only wish I'd had time to stay and enjoy the patio.Amazing food! My husband and I had the shrimp, arugula pizza, and margarita pizza. All of which were absolutely amazing. Best pizza in the city and possibly the best pizza I've ever had in the country. Will come again for sure.Had the Burrata Pizza and Caesar Salad.  The pizza was light, fresh, and flavorful.  Very thin crust - it was on the crisper side when compared to similar pizzas around town.  The pizza crust holds its shape as opposed to, say, Ancora.  Some might say it's too crispy though.  It's a matter of preference.  Crust was good but I prefer softer.We had been wanting to give this place a try because they have thin crust pizza, but were concerned about the neighborhood. Tonight we decided to go. Had a Caesar salad & you could definitely taste the sardines.   The tiki rum drink was way overpriced at $13.50. Ordered a margherita pizza. While the crust was thin, the center of the pizza was gooey & limp. It wasn't a pizza we'd go back for.Hands down best pizza I've ever had in this city. 
Maybe in the f***king world! 
Also, the benches are seriously so cool. Me and my two friends all sat on the same side. Hard to talk but definitely easy to fit. Worth a try if ya haven't already. 
One thing though. Put a large plant by the entrance. It could really soften the vibe when you walk in. 
Dope.This is my new favorite Mid City spot, possibly favorite restaurant, in New Orleans right now. We have been twice in a week and are contemplating a third visit because we love it so much. Everything has been absolutely delicious! Menu items we've tried and recommend (all) include the Caesar salad, anchovies & bread & butter, suppli, cauliflower appetizer, squid crostini, mushroom pizza, arugula pizza (add prosciutto!), and lamb sausage pizza. 
TL;DR
EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS. The drink list is wonderful, and the atmosphere is relaxing and stylish. EAT AT ECHO's!!!!About as good a pizza as you will get in New Orleans. John B needs to open his own restaurant before he comments on how someone else's restaurant should be designed or operated.The atmosphere is great, pizza are awesome & the drinks on fantastic! Small cozy spot of bank st, if you blink you'll miss it. The wait staff was very helpful & friendly.Oooooo!!!!!! Goodie ! Echos is infact hot&new. Our server Tom went above and beyond when it came to our meal! He told us great things about the New Orleans area before our meal was presented! He even went as far as trying to get other servers to reenact the Civil War! OH THAT TOM!!!!! He then told us about the Voodoo festival and how he's a huge EDM fan! He showed us his YouTube channel of how he wears a gas mask and break dances in his room with a strobe light to techno music! The meal was in large portions and it came with a piñata!!!! Thank you Tom!!!Echo's is the closest thing to real Italian pizza in New Orleans. They clearly use real mozzarella and make their own tomato sauce in house. What really makes the difference, though, is the crust. The owners also make bread so that's probably why it's so good. There is a cute outdoor patio area which I like a lot. 
The reason I didn't give Echo's five stars is because on occasion the pizza is burnt- although whenever my partner and I requested that they replace a burnt pizza, they did so gladly. Also four stars due to the somewhat sterile inside atmosphere. 
Definitely the best pizza around though.I came here just trying to satisfy a Mardi Gras hunger- you know the one- the one where you just want to eat everything in front of you but are trying not to eat ANOTHER piece of fried chicken. Anyway, I came, I ate, I made my boyfriend order the fried zucchini, ate again, exclaimed very loudly how delicious everything was, and left feeling like I had truly tasted something special I hadn't had before in New Orleans. If you want brick-oven pizza with high quality ingredients and a personal touch, go to Echo's. Now.Was very impressed with Echo. The restaurant layout, decor and service is phenomenal. My problem on this occasion is that we ordered 3 pizzas for a table of four and one of our pizza's the Margarita came out overcooked and charred. We should have sent it back put didnt want to spoil a great evening. The closest to New Haven pizza in NOLA, I will be back.Hated it! They've got a problem with overcooking things. The small pizza was scantily decorated with overcooked pepperoni and burned to a crisp. Arancini were also overdone and tasted like burned breadcrumbs. The service was lackluster and drinks were overpriced for what they were.
Most off-putting was the overall feel of the place in connection with the neighborhood. The designers/owners took no stock of their next-door neighbors, thus the inside is an extreme opposite of what sadly awaits indoors - uppity cool kids and bad pizza.Amazing food and great atmosphere (especially the outdoor patio!) Instantly one of my new favorites.For me, it's all about the crust. Echo has it. Pizza Delicious, Domenica and now Echo. Top three. A little pricey for a neighborhood joint. Service was great on the second night they were open. Will definitely be back!Echo's Neopiltan Wood Fired Pizza is delicious! So glad to finally have a nice compliment/alternative to Mid City Pizza in the area. We got the Margherita, and it was fantastic--tasty and light! Also loved the appetizers... Especially the Squid!--Very nice, smokey flavor. 
The restaurant itself is super cute and feels Mediterranean, much like 1000 figs. Much more space though, and they even have a nice outdoor patio!Not sure how this place has great ratings; my pizza was subpar. The flavor of the pizza sauce not much different that something out of a can. Their pricing is on the high end so I had high hopes based on the ratings that are posted. The reason for the 2 stars is for the kind staff. Their fried oysters app was "ok" and was on the blander side. Neapolitan pizzas have simpler elements so the crust of the pizza sauce & cheese have to be excellent in order for it to work. My pizza's crust wasn't as airy as others in the pics and the pizza had no stability to it. The sauce made the pizza almost soggy which caused the cheese and sauce to slide off as soon as I picked up a slice. Won't be going back here based on the quality of the food but the staff seems nice.Omg this pizza is AMAZING! So light, yet so filling and FRESH! Lately I'm on a wood fired pizza kick. This def made my taste buds happy. I actually have not visited this pizza place in person. One Friday night I was craving pizza and had no one to get pizza with so I decided to use door dash. BEST DECISION EVER! I literally got my pizza within 45 minutes and was thrilled! The margherita pizza is usually one of my favs so I opted to go with that. Pricing was very decent and now I really want to go visit this pizza place and get the WHOLE experience! It's nice to know that they still take their precious time with to go orders as well! Can't wait to visit them in person!Arguably the best pizza in New Orleans!! Flavor was rich. Shrimp appetizer was delicious . I got the Arugula and Margarita pizza both were great, Arugula slightly better in my opinion . Service was great and food was reasonably priced.This was my second time going to echo and it was still great! We decided on the anchovies and bread and butter which are honestly to die for. I got the special satsuma cocktail. We decided on the eggplant pizza with sesame seeds. Everything was soooo good. Another I would recommend is the burrata pizza. I would also recommend sitting outside it's super cute! The waitress also had off! for me when I started itching. What a great perk!We had an amazing dinner here tonight. The staff were friendly and were able to seat our party of 4 much more quickly than expected, given the full house amd the fact that they don't take reservations. The menu is nicely sized, with just enough choices to keep things interesting without decision fatigue setting in. We ordered a round of the Tiki cocktail (phenomenal) and split the house salad, white beans and kale appetizer (literally the best beans I've ever put in my mouth), grilled shrimp, and roasted red peppers, all served with incredibly thick slices of crusty bread. We also split the Lamb pizza and the Chorizo pizza, and finished the night off with a slice of espresso chocolate cake and crème fraiche. The salad, 3 apps, 2 pizzas (sliced into 6 pieces) and 1 dessert that we split among 4 people was the perfect amount of food, bordering on more than enough food, but the portions are generous enough for sharing without leaving a lot left over. The food was delicious, the atmosphere is fun and casual, the waitstaff are kind and accommodating, and seriously, y'all,the food is SO GOOD. I will definitely be coming back here!I came the first week they were open. Pizza was good. The chicken was underdone (the darkmeat) and when I showed it to my server he remark was "Oh well". "Oh Well" for raw chicken? You guys have to work out the kinks and figure out how to cook a chicken so the white AND dark meat comes out fully cooked, juicy and delicious. Also, let folks know it's only HALF a chicken, the menu is unclear.Echo's had the best cocktail that I've ever had and the burrata pizza BLEW MY MIND. That being said, everything was amazing!!! I'd recommend the fried zucchini, fried oysters, the tomato crostini, the 3 cheeses as appetizers. And every pizza was UNBELIEVABLE.The newest endeavor from the lovely peeps who have blessed us with both the Fat Falafel food truck and 1000 Figs, Echo's feels like a slightly classier version of the now ain't-dere-no-mo Crescent Pie & Sausage that used to reside at the other end of Banks in Mid-City. It's a pretty small place which lends a certain air of intimacy. The interior is all light colors and clean lines which makes it seem a lot more spacious than it already is. Each table was set with plates already on it, a cup filled with napkins and utensils, and small glasses for water.  
The menu consists of about ten or so different pizzas and an assortment of small plates, all creative and thoughtful in their ingredients. The pizzas about 12" wide, so a bit smallish but big enough for two people if you get another small plate or two off the menu. The night I ate there my friend and I got the arugula pizza which had preserved lemon, ricotta, and arugula on it. The crust was nicely chewy but paper thin in the middle which meant having to fold the slices New York style in order to keep everything on them from falling off when we picked them up. I love preserved lemons and really enjoyed the flavor profile they brought to the pizza. We also got a plate of the fried zucchini with a chunky basil aioli dipping sauce and a cheese plate that consisted of an aged Gouda, a sheeps milk cheese, and a housemade soft kefir cheese that was dusted with chili powder.  While I felt that both plates were delicious in their own right, they were maybe a dollar or so more expensive than they probably could have been for the value. The cheese plate was served with some toasted slices of bread that seemed like they were more holes than bread. I ended up using my pizza crusts to accompany the cheese, which ended up being delicious in its own right. 
There's also a beer/wine menu and a select number of cocktails. I had a 'rusty can', which was made with rum, apricot, housemade bitters, and a dried orange slice. It was absolutely dee-lish but another thing that felt a bit pricier than it should have been considering the size of the drink. 
Overall, I think I liked it. Although the portions all seemed a little on the small side I really enjoyed everything I had and am looking forward to going back and trying everything else!Enjoyed our first dinner at this new spot. Lovely space. Started withe the rice balls and anchovy and butter appetizers. Bothe very tasty. I usually shy away from anchovies but these were the exception. Hubs and I split the special pizza. Also good, the crust was nice and chewy. Will probably good back for the occasional date night.I love this place. Their pizzas are amazing! I especially like that they have vegetarian options. The atmosphere is relaxed and the space is open and clean. The staff are always friendly. Parking is probably about my only complaint but I can usually find parking.The Pizza was RAW and the Service was HORRIBLE! 
We ordered three pizzas and all of them came out Raw on the bottom (NO PRIDE IN LIMP PIZZA). 
Limp Pizza is usually caused by 1 of 4 things: 
1) The Sauce is too wet. 
2) The dough is too wet. 
3) The Pizza Oven is too hot. 
4) The guy cooking the pizza doesn't know what the f*ck he was doing. 
(I think it was a combo of no. 1 & no. 4. 
The service was horrible. Our waitress greeted us, got only one of us a drink order and then left for a long period of time. Then she came back to another table while ignoring us (huge pet peeve). After a long while, just as I was getting up to grab a manager, a different waitress came to our table to take our order. She didn't get it right, and another waitress came. All in all, we had 3 waitresses. Finally, in the end, the original waitress came back and we had to dictate our order so she could ring it up properly. We asked her if we had offended her in anyway. She didn't know how to answer. We did not tip her well, which is highly unusual for us. : (This place is true Neighborhood gem here in Mid City. I first went for the pizza and Zuppli but I recently discovered they are awesome for weekend Brunch! Wood-fired bagels with home made gravlax and the donuts with sweet ricotta and jelly make for a delightful brunch.  I love that I now have more reasons and meals for coming here!Amazing pizza, great service, and pleasant aesthetics! We split a few pizzas. Highly recommend the arugula and pork sausage pizzas.This place is a DEFINITE DONT!! Rude server/cashier lackluster food, worst pizza I've ever eaten and I love pizza. Will not be going back and do not recommend. If I could give it 0 stars I would.Echo's is such an awesome addition to the neighborhood. Adorable ambiance, great service, and delicious food. They bake all their own bread, so I recommend trying either crostini on the menu. Can't go wrong with the Caesar, suppli, and any pizza. I've tried them all. Personal fave was the arugula and add prosciutto. They've been open for like two weeks and I've already been here 3 times. Cool wine list too- mostly natural wines. Get the Lambrusco! It's unique and funky.Great find!! Good wine list, had a light rose' to go with the appetizers. The Suppli and Prosciutto Tartine were yuuumy!! The pizzas were perfection!! We had the Margarita and mine, the Arugula,  add some prosciutto for good measure.  Don't pass on the donuts either! Y'all doin' it right in Midcity!!I went it with EXTREMELY high expectations for one thing on the menu and that will be my downfall.  A few years ago I started an unhealthy love affair with the Caprese sandwich at 1000 Figs.  I would dream about this sandwich.  As a vegetarian that doesn't happen very often.  Then they cut it from the menu and my heart broke.  I requested multiple times to have it put back on but no luck.  
So when Echo opened and I saw a Caprese sandwich on their lunch menu I jumped at it remembering how amazing the one at 1000 Figs was.  It was fresh but it was no 1000 Figs sandwich.  I loathe sesame seeds and the bread was covered in them so I spent a good portion of lunch scraping them off.  My friend got the eggplant sandwich and the eggplant was good but it had the same sesame seed bread that I just can't get over.  The place is nice and I look forward to trying their pizza at dinner but my heart will be broken at the death of that amazing sandwich.  I'll update this review when I am out of mourning and when I have tried the pizza.I read the reviews and thought I did my homework before trying this place. despite mostly favorable reviews, this place was a complete disappointment. I should have taken it as a bad sign when the server, Alysse, decided to walk away from our table while we were attempting to order, to deal with a carry out customer. There was a whole other person who could have helped them, or she could have acknowleged him and then allowed us to finish ordering. My brother in law had to repeat his order 4 TIMES. He only ordered a cheese pizza with light sauce and cheese. I ordered a pepperoni pizza with added chorizo. She rang in a chorizo pizza which has black olives on it, which I cannot stand. everyone was eating by the time I got my pizza because of the mistake. When the server heard us say we didn't really like the pizza, she was done with us. she only came back to the table as a case of have to, and was all to happy to have the other server bring refills to the table after learning we were disappointed in our experience. No solutions were offered, and no manager was told about the situation to try and find a solution. we are not people who complain to get free stuff, in fact we try to be as easy as possible, because all of my husband's family has worked in the service industry. She was unapologetic and quick to tell us what we were not allowed to do, but made no attempt to compromise or offer any alternatives. Over priced garbage with a snotty attitude to match.I died and went to brunch heaven on a beautiful nola February Sunday. 
Amazing menu, the cutest ceramic dishes, and a beautiful backyard patio area. 
We ordered pretty much half the menu and everything was incredible! Especially loved their wood fired bagels and house made lox with 3 different cream cheeses.I hate to be so negative, but went to try out this new place in Mid City Echo's pizza.  I looked at their menu and it was really extensive.  They also had 4.5*'s which is good.  Last night we decided to go check it out especially since we had a 2 year old...he could eat anything on the menu.  We get there and the menu is NOTHING like what it said online.  I brought it up to the waiter and he said yeah we changed it in April now we are in mid July.  That's a big problem.  We decided to get up and leave.  Their menu items were VERY different from the internet.  This was very disappointing and I hope they realize this and make changes ASAP!One of the best pizzas I have ever had. Tasty, delicious and a crispy crust. The appetizers are great as well. The servers are pleasant and knowledgeable. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.You gotta come here for brunch. Their bagels are some of the best bagels in town. This is a sleeper move on the weekends. If you're coming for pizza, get the prosciutto. The ingredients are quality and the vibe is clean and inviting. A good choice for a date night.My husband and I had brunch on a Sunday afternoon, although we went for the pizza. The service was prompt and friendly. We ordered the bread and butter, the chorizo pizza and the margherita pizza. Everything was delicious. The bread was a wheat sourdough bread, it was light and airy and very sour (in an enjoyable way). Both pizzas were good, but we especially enjoyed the chorizo. It looked like pepperoni, but had a nice zesty flavor. We got an everything bagel and a ricotta donut to go. The bagel was delicious. We didn't like the donut too much, the filling needed a bit more sugar. Overall it was a good meal and we look forward to going back.I was truly disappointed by the two pizzas I ordered here. The texture of both was of a soggy piece of paper? Picking up a slice not only did every topping & sauce slide off, but within 5 minutes of it coming out of the oven the crust underneath was already entirely limp and mush. Felt more like a crepe with a fairly mediocre sauce? The staff was very friendly, but I must say I have never been so dissatisfied with a restaurant.I loved our meal at Echo's! It's a beautiful space, light and breezy. They have a nice patio but since it was one thousand degrees when I went we sat indoors. Our waitress was great. We started with the zucchini which were perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside. I loved the aioli it came with too. We shared the lamb sausage and arugula pizzas. They were both great though the arugula was my favorite! Prices were very reasonable. I'll definitely be back!The staff was very friendly. It is a small quaint place. The pizza was good but nothing remarkable. It's a good pizza but not one that makes you think about going back because you're craving a slice.Loved, absolutely loved their first restaurant.  And was excited when I saw them wandering into the pizza arena.
So first pizza was pretty amazing.  I was impressed.  But something has happened in the intervening months.  The last two over a two month period were beyond disappointing.  The mushrooms on the pizza this past week were aromatic and tasty but they couldn't rescue the overrated crust and the meager unmelted cheese medallions.  All four of them.   
All pizzas were take out so maybe dining in is better.  But I won't be picking up any more pizzas at Echo.Loved everything the family would let me taste to include my own Echos breakfast that I couldn't finish. The eggs were "fat" with at rich colored yolk, potatoes delishes and the avocado toast was amazing. The avocado spread tasted fresh with a hint of citrus! The homemade bread was cut thick and crusty. The family indulged in bagel sandwiches that were all wonderful to include the bagel. Lox, veggies, traditional were all freshly prepared and more than enough. I want to go back for the Prosciutto bagel sandwich tomorrow, or maybe happy hour tonight.Terrible, apathetic, unfriendly service. Everything from figuring out who our waitress was to getting change was like pulling a tooth. 
We ordered two salads (Caesar and House) they were both great
We ordered two pizzas - one was pretty good; the other was basically burnt on the bottom and inedible. Every time I took a bite of a different slice, I spit it out. 
I would think when your niche is your thin crusts, you might want to make sure that turns out okay, at a minimum? 
Yikes!Beautiful space, great ambience, and great service. Food and cocktails were amazing. Went with a group of 6 and We had the suppli (stuffed rice balls), burrata, anchovies, Caesar salad, house salad and 2 pizzas (arugula and burrata). While the pizza was good, the salads and shared plates stole the show. The suppli, burrata, and house salad were all AMAZING. Highly recommend.Superb service, delicious cocktails and pizza. It was very close by to the India House hostel and was the only decent meal within walking distance.  Such a gem. Pricey but the food and wine were delicious.Great eatery that recently opened in a neighborhood near my place of employment. 
The decor was very modern & minimistic; as I like it. It's a kind of seat yourself establishment and this is way cool. 
Pizza is the name of the game and there's an abundance from which you can select. Loads of toppings to make it perfectly as you want it. 
Service was good. The waitress, ughhhhhhhh are they still called that, was very friendly, full of suggestions & ultra patient. 
The food was served in a timely fashion and perfect to taste. 
Fyi, there's some parking restriction for you to be mindful as, as this IS a neighborhood and parking is scarce... So if you can take a quick walk here; it'll be all the better.Went here for a mid week reprieve as this place has been on my list for awhile. It was that night in New Orleans that if FINALLY felt nice outside in the evening, there was a light breeze sweeping the humidity away so as I passed their outdoor, lit patio I thought I definitely wanted an outside table.
I arrived ahead of my friend so the host seated me outside in a beautiful area. Lush, green plants lined the back wall with a wooden banquet and three two tops. Edison bulb lighting suspended high across the cement patio floor with multiple tables pushed together for group seating. 
We took awhile to decide as everything looked so good! We decided on Rusty Can cocktails, a fried zucchini appetizer and the shittake mushroom pizza, + housemade pork sausage. 
The bar program is all Louisiana-centric ingredients, meaning even the bitters were made in house. (We tried to order a Sazerac, but the bitters used were unpleasant so we sent it back. I'm not sure our young, yet enthusiastic barkeep was aware that Peychaud's WAS indeed, created here and that you can't get more NOLA than that.) That detail aside, the Rusty Can cocktail was sweet & sublime. It was garnished with a dried, candied orange slice and was quite divine! 
The fried zucchini was meticulously executed. Crisp, crunchy outside, with a soft--IS THAT CHEESE??-inside. We absolutely killed that appetizer. Lastly, our wood fired pizza, with fresh toppings absolutely satisfied. I ended up taking only one slice home because I couldn't stop myself from eating!
Service was attentive and sincere. Our server was Shawn and she was down to earth, laid back and devoted to getting things right.  Our bartender was a twin, whose brother ended up coming in and chatting us up too, which is why I'm having a hard time remembering what his name was (since there were two!) I would definitely go back for a chill night, some wine and rustic style wood fired pizza.
**Table next to us ordered a "White Pizza" off-menu and made special to order. They oooooed and ahhhhed the whole time making me really inquisitive to try, but I'll have to wait until next time.Newish restaurant from the same people who brought us 1000 Figs. 
Beautiful space. Feels clean, modern and trendy. Not being able to pick between the miso and mushroom pizza we pretty much combined the two at the suggestion of the waitress. This ended up feeling like a too much mushroom pizza, but it wasn't bad. 
The beer battered zucchini stole the show for me. The house salad was delightful and fresh. 
I love pizza but I find it's hard to actually mess it up or make it inedible. With living uptown and Echo being in MidCity I don't see myself trekingout there just for this experience. 
I do suggest stopping by if you're in the neighborhood. It was a good time and I enjoyed our food.I've ordered Echo's twice through Waitr and have enjoyed the simplistic real Italian style pizza with fresh tomato sauce, scant but high quality cheese and good ingredients. We have tried the Margherita, mushroom and arugula pizzas. My personal favorite was the arugula. I like that it's that light crust that doesn't leave you with that dough ball in your stomach feeling and the freshness of real ingredients. The zucchini appetizer is good as well. A worthwhile place to try.We were really impressed!  Italian-style pie; excellent thin crust. The mixed green salad was so good - amazing lemon vinaigrette. Roasted red bell pepper was served room temperature - nice touch!  But the real surprise were the fried appetizers:  we had the fried rice ball w/ mozzarella and tomato. Very light and lots of flavor. 
Hooray Mid-City! Another good one. We are coming back!!!!
AND thoughtful wine and beer selection!I had high expectations going in. I loved the staff- efficient, nice, attentive. I ordered the margherita pizza. The toppings were perfect, and while I absolutely love thin crust, this was a little extreme. It was literally paper thin and of course soggy. Completely falls apart into mush. Disappointing. I will go back. Hoping this was a fluke. I watched the young lady create the crust. She is very deliberate. Will try again. I really want this place to succeed!The pizza isn't bad, but the way they nickel and dime you for everything is very off-putting. 
When the waiter brought my pizza, he asked me if he could get me some Parmesan cheese. I said yes. Then when I received the bill, there was a $2 charge for "grana." I asked the nearest waiter what this was, and she said "we use good Parmesan cheese, so we charge for it. That's why it's not on the table." I felt like I had been swindled, as the waiter specifically asked if I wanted some but failed to mention it was extra. Additionally, I was charged $4 for chorizo on half of the pizza. The amount was so small that I wasn't sure it was even on there. 
In total, my burrata pizza with with half of a serving of chorizo (and calling it "half" is generous) was $22. This pizza was no bigger than a pizza you would get at Blaze for $8, if not smaller.
The pizza isn't bad, but when I spend $22 on a pizza, in addition to a $10 salad and a $6 appetizer, I shouldn't still be hungry after my meal.I have been dying to try echos for over a year, and I was so glad they did not disappoint. Sometimes when you build something up in your head it's a let down when you get there, but Echo's definitely delivered. We went for brunch as they have some options for my lactose intolerant husband who can't enjoy pizza. We walked in and were slightly unsure of if we ordered at the counter or sat down, but were promptly seated in the beautiful and lush courtyard. We decided to try a donut as an appetizer because we saw them on the counter when we walked in. They only had the lemon curd flavor or ricotta cream so we chose lemon and wow. These donuts are more similar to the donuts you would eat in Europe, and the flavor/texture just brought back memories of making donuts with my grandparents in England. I would highly recommend either a donut appetizer or dessert when you go here. I got a pizza and my husband got the avocado bagel sandwich and we were both impressed. It was a lovely way to start our day and really put us in a good mood. I was torn because I really wanted to try a bagel and cream cheese but thought I better try a pizza for my first meal here. The crust was very thin and crunchy and the flavors all went together really well. We will be back for many more meals here.I'm not joking when I say this is some of the best pizza I have ever had. The crust is perfect and the flavors are out of this world. We ordered the Arugula and Mushroom pizzas. I loved them both so much that I can't pick a favorite! 
Definitely check this place out. They now serve breakfast and brunch, which I hope to check out soon!Three words to describe this place all together from decor to food: simple, clean, and light.  We came in a party of 4 and got 3 pizza and mixed green salads.  The salads taste very much meditarrian inspire.  We got mushroom, lamb, and margarita pizza.  Hands down mushroom was our favorite.  Very thin crust type of pizza, not heavy or greasy.Echo's is such a neighborhood gem.  I just learned that they are serving breakfast/brunch.  It was well aligned with their amazing, fresh, innovative menu.  The bagels were perfect.  Also, this is such a great place to spend a morning studying, especially that gorgeous outdoor patio.The pizza was amazing here! The price point was also great. The vibe was cool and the staff was extremely friendly. Trendy place. I will be going back.Delicious brunch menu with great value! This is HALF of my Gravlax order ($10 total!!!). The bagels themselves are wonderful too.Honestly some of the best fresh pizza in Nola. And I've got roots in NY and Italy! Crust is perfect- nice chewy with crispy crust. The rice balls were delicious and margherita and the cheese pizza are amazing! Chorizo is great too! Mushroom pizza is good but not like the others.
Alcohol is but overpriced (quality of wine is low for the price) and staff is slow (no sense of promptness as we waited 10 min before a waitress came to our table. She did not check up on us either- and it's not busy). Minus star for that but food deserves a 5!The heavens opened up and dropped this gem on us. I'm crying cause I used to live around the block from this place and now I'm not so I have to pay that 6 dollar Waitr fee to get this deliciousness.
I love pizza, I don't love New Orleans pizza. Mid City Pizza has come the closest to decent pizza. I love Domenica as well but it's a different style of pizza.
Echos's seems to be more like a Domenica pizza in terms of size but DAYUM!!!!!!!!! I had the Burrata one... it was so good I ate the whole thing and then ordered another one the next day. 
The pizza was just so tasty that when it was gone, I shed a tear.Pizza makes the world go round. Well, maybe not...but close. You would think good pizza is easy to make, it's not. 
When I was a kid growing up in the suburbs of New York, a large pie at Tony's was a buck and a half. By my current standards I can't remember how good it was, but back then it was heaven. When the Brooklyn Dodgers played the Yankees I had a bet of one large pie at Tony's with the kid across the street. It was a big deal to win. 
I'm a thin crust, New York pizza guy...There's no such thing as a bad slice in the city, and people go on for hours debating who has the best. I have to say I also like the Neapolitan style pizza in Italy... Delicioso!
However, the best pizza I ever had was in New Haven, Connecticut. Frank Pepe has a place on Wooster Street since 1924 with a coal fired oven. The line to get one if his pies is a couple of hours, and worth the wait. 
I guess you can say I'm a pizza snob. Yesterday I decided to check out Echo. I had passed by it riding my bike, and it looked interesting. 
This is serious pizza. The crust is like the best New York thin crust. The red sauce light yet rich in tomato flavor, cheese is the right kind of mootz,  and the toppings are original and outstanding. The blending of assorted spices mix to create that magical balance so few can achieve. 
The staff is young and friendly. They have mixed drinks, and interesting beer. A killer dessert menu. 
Our city has unbelievable food, but up to now the pizza has been a weak link. Not anymore, Echo has pizza you're going to want to come back for again and again.Soooooooo goooood!!! Didn't expect the shrimp appetizer to be as good as it was! Some of the best shrimp I've had. Love the rice balls, zucchini, and the pizza. Awesome patio out back and the bartender is cool AF and makes some great cocktails. Love this place!!!Excellent wood Fire pizza.   The crust is scrumptious.  All ingredients are fresh.  We ordered a few appetizers and 4 pizzas for 7 and were satisfied.  The Caesar salad is huge, 2 was more than plenty for all 7 of us.  Rice balls are delicious.  The fried oysters are good, but a little heavy on the batter.  The pizza? Nothing bad.  Arugula so fresh; burrata was delish, chorizo was a favorite, pork sausage was good, but maybe a little underwhelming.  All in all, a fantastic pizza dinner in a warm environment.  Just what we needed after several nights of heavy NOLA food. Loved this place.Echos had bagels. Thats a big deal. And they are really good. Had the gravelox dish for brunch. Its a kosher lox sandwich topped with healthy stuff. Brought home some fornthe real test.  Stay tuned.The pizza was ok. We had mushroom and pepperoni. The cooks were friendly, however, our waitress Emma W wasn't really.