Loved the food and it was inexpensive! The outdoor seating is so cute!
Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the service...
I understand things are tough during COVID. However, it was not packed and they're a new restaurant... I figured they'd want to be nice to their customers who were nothing but polite. But most of the staff was rude. One person at our table was given her food 50 minutes after us and when she had asked about it and they told her it was coming in 2-3 minutes. It did not come out for another 20 minutes. On top of that my order was messed up and so was hers. They were not even apologetic about it...
Also an automatic 20% tip is charged to your account.The five stars are for the tacos, elote, and ambiance. Went to El Cucuy on a whim and I was not disappointed. However, COVID does take away from their ability to be hospitable. We had to go to the front to place all orders. They were very sweet and gracious when delivering the food to the table. Would definitely recommend!My husband and I visited El Cucuy on 8/12/2021 our 17th wedding anniversary. Atmosphere was nice and they have a system when you are greeted where they greet you and inform you as they give you the menu that you will have to come up and order and it will be brought to you. 
Food: We ordered the guacamole and chips (they could have added more lemon/lime to it)
Elote: PERFECT!!! 
Torta Original : I got the asada and it was ok! I was not expecting the meat cut up in pieces so I felt it lacked meat. Also overwhelmed with cojito cheese and the black bean purée . I didn't eat the bread just ate the meat because of the cojito. 
Taco Plate: carne asada with black beans . My husband loved the black beans but the tacos again overwhelmed with cojito cheese. 
Overall the place is nice and the food was good  just could be better .
Staff: Attentive and nice! 
Gratuity is added to the bill so if you don't like that just be ware, we didn't mind !I love everything I've tried here. The taco plate is great with the pickled vegis and fried jalapeño. I cut the jalapeño and sprinkle it on my beans and tacos. The crude style tacos are a must! They are rich, but so good! The griddled cheese puts the flavor over the top. Delicious! I also love the queso and salsa duo. I eat here every week, because I crave it so much! Very friendly people too.My friend owns this place so I hesitated to try the food because I'm not good at hiding my disappointment but I'm beyond happy to report that my mind and taste buds were overwhelmed with flavor! Tacos have been a thing lately for me and I've tried many in the last 90 days. El Cucuy is by far my newest number one spot for this food. I can't even call it a taco because it's that tasty, from the tender well spiced beef and pork to the soft chewy flour tortilla it's served on. No filler. None of the usual overflowing rice and retried beans, simply meat, fried jalapeño, pickled vegetables and an amazing cheese that I'm going to want to load up on. Ask about the menu. I was confused because I didn't see any of the boring items that I usual am offered. The wait staff was knowledgeable, friendly and led me to exactly what I needed to fill by belly. I left feeling stuffed in the most perfect way! The Elote and margaritas with red salt are my girlfriends favorite and when I go off my keto diet I'll definitely try both because they are a foundation of this place! Make it a point of trying this place out and prepare to be substantially pleased!They open at 4 pm and we arrived at 4:05 and they had maybe 3 groups of people in front of us. Line went fast. Good sign. 
Decor=5 stars. Amazing!
Salsa=5 stars. Wow really good and flavorful. 
Marisco= 5 stars. Big chunks of shrimp and the sauce it was in was thick. Yum! 
Chips= 5 stars. Warm & crunchy. Double yum! 
Elote=5 stars. Good amount of condiments on it and tasted like an authentic Mexican corn on the cob. 
Tacos= 3 stars. The trompo was not bad but not great. It was missing the pineapple and the authentic adobo flavor. The carne asada was actually really good. Tacos had too much onion and not enough cilantro. 
Overall, really good to hangout and eat.Great atmosphere. But I just didn't really like it. The Guac needed more acid and salt, the meat was chewy in the tacos and needed more acid in it, the margs where kinda strong?, but it's a cool spotOn a Monday at 6:00 pm in October, I attempted to order by phone or ask about ordering online and was put on hold for 6 minutes. I hung up and drove to the restaurant.  I saw that there were only 2 employees, so I understood them not returning to my phone call.  I ordered one torta trompo and one ear of corn.  I was surprised by the automatic gratuity on a "to go" order, but know it is a tough time for restaurants. About 8 people were seated at tables when I arrived.  The order took 48 minutes, which was quite excessive for 1 sandwich (with meat that was already cooked) and corn. At thirty minutes I asked cashier to check on my order and she said it was in the way; it arrived thirteen minutes later.  The trompo was ok, but very salty; the bread and fixings on the sandwich were good. The corn was delicious. I would not return because of the unreasonably slow service.Amazing menu and margaritas aith mezcal available. On the surface, you may think 12 is high for a marg but top shelf ingredients and no "sweet and sour" sauce; real limes and one to two has the potency of about 4 superior margs or about 32 La Caretta margs. I drank with NO HEADACHE but needed a ride home! lol. That's the difference in El Cucuy; QUALITY in everything they serve. Super friendly staff & way cool chill vibe in outdoor seating. El Torta is like a mexican steak po boy and it is packed with flavor. I love this place; its not TEX-MEX or cali-MEX; its authentic Mexican food. There is an automatic 20% gratuity at this time but most people usually leave 20% as a tip if the service and food is great, and believe me; IT ISThis is my new favorite place.  The queso was the best I've ever had, and the torta...soooo good.  Great atmosphere and lots of charm.  The owner is so nice and made sure to stop by our table and introduce himself.  I always love that about New Orleans.  We will be back!!!Overpriced, meh quality food for a counter service restaurant that has such rude staff that even with such minimal interaction it made an impact. After reading the owner's response to another negative review it's not shocking that being an asshole seems to be encouraged. The space itself is cool and you can tell a lot of work went into designing it but everything else was underwhelming.First time here, it's so cute the outdoor seating is awesome. Try the guacamole and queso, so unbelievably good. Nice thick crispy chips served in a paper bag so yummy! Between us we had all the types of tacos on flour and corn tortillas, the torta, the beans, and the the eloté (street) corn. Everything was fresh and delicious. The corn was bomb! I could come back and eat just that. Real mexican coke, topo chico, tecate.. I feel like I'm in Austin! Can't wait to come back. Best mexican food in the area. Oh, and dog friendly!!It's a little unfortunate that they are so new and didn't have a happy hour yet but I would definitely go back. They have a lovely outdoor area. It's huuuge with umbrellas. The setting is comfortable with a fun whole wall mural. The food was great. We got the taco plate, the queso with chorizo and their campechana de mariscos. I'll go back. Their margaritas were small, light on alcohol and mostly ice.El Cucuy is another new taco place to open up recently in New Orleans. When I went, they only had outdoor seating. They have a huge patio with plenty of seating for an entire restaurant. You order at the front door first and then walk around to the back to find a place to sit and they bring the food to you. We ordered chips and queso, 2 tacos for me, 2 birria tacos for my friend, and some margaritas. The queso was probably my favorite part of the meal. Overall the food was good but did not stand out from all of the other taco places in town.I absolutely love love love this place! Delicious cactus tacos (tacos are also big, not skimpy at all), chips & cheese dip drool worthy, super yummy roasted corn... really everything i've had here is always delicious, and margaritas to die for! The place itself is beautiful with all the wonderful murals & art! i can't wait for covid to be over to actually sit inside & see the beautiful carved tables & hand painted chairs. extremely safe feeling right now for mask wearing & social distancing.As you rolling down Tchoupitoulas Ave, here comes the trademark black 1957 Ford named "Delilah" so you know you are in the right place. You CAN park across street in loading docks that have not been active in decades. Walk across the street, look at the paper menu's of TRUE Mexican grub, no Tex-Mex stuff here, even though owner is from Texas! There are tortas, and corn elotes and the margaritas are $12 or $14 with mezcal but have a TON of kick!!!!! Check it out you won't be disappointed and they just added that is a Nathan hot dog/sausage (border town hot dog), has bacon wrapped hot dog, pico, black beans, avocado, pickled onions, cotija, cilantro on bolillo bread!!!! Come see what REAL Mexican food and drink are about. They even have a weird version of a Bloody Mary that is crazy good but with Mexican twist!!!! Go Already!!!Awesome food, drinks, vibe. Can't wait to see what they do with the space when restrictions are lifted!Tasty victuals here y'all! Everything they serve looks and tastes authentic. Except for a few flies that seem to like hanging out outside, the experience is worth it and suited to their target demographic.
I recall the prices being very reasonable and the selection fairly varied, with prompt service to your table if you sit outside. Other patrons left looking happy, and certainly were not rushed as you are encouraged to hang out on the patio as long as you want.
The mural they commissioned for the big wall outside is also kind of fun to look at.Great little spot with a food truck vibe. Really enjoyed the tacos and margaritas. Service was prompt and very friendly. Definitely will be backWe went here for dinner and I honestly wish I had read reviews on this place before going because we would have gone elsewhere. I was excited to try this place out and was sorely disappointed. I understand that things are difficult with COVID, but to force people to pre-pay a 20% tip and then make them wait for nearly an hour for their food seems a bit ridiculous. The place was busy but not packed and I had to go inside to check with them on our order before it finally came out. We were given no napkins or utensils and no one checked on us during our long wait. Also, reading some of the other reviews and the owner's snarky comments in response to them cements my decision to not come back here.Great food & excellent drinks, wonderful staff, and excellent patio. Staff works hard to provide a fun and safe atmosphere for guests. Good spot to enjoy queso and margs and catch the Saints game.Stopped in for lunch, greeted by friendly and helpful staff. During covid so seating was all outside which was plentiful!. Outdoor dining area is large and the artwork is amazing! Food and drinks were very tasty and felt authentic. Always looking for good mexican food in NOla and will definitely be going back to El Cucuy. Street parking on Tchoup was easy.Absolutely legit the torta is just like Mexico City right on points well worth the time well worth the visit come here and get the beer specialThis place is glorious.
Great vibe!  Welcoming atmosphere with chill staff. Cool without being aloof.  Rad decor, killer music.  I actually asked the owner what their station was.
 Food is absolutely baller. We've been there 3x now and had most of the menu. Best tacos I've had in the city.  Highly recommend the pork belly or carnitas, but they have good veg/veeg stuff too! Cactus tacos are divine & their guacamole is just garlicky enough.
 Great drinks too!  Good mezcal selection. Lots of outdoor seating in a baller patio. Highly recommended!We are big Barracuda fans-- it's consistent and tastes fresh (the part about understanding a cuisine's proximity to Mexico and Texas-- that's out of our league and we are ignoramuses on that front.) El Cucuy is so yummy and different from the B. There's certainly room for both in my taco life.As someone who grew up in a bordertown, I think it's kinda hard for locals/tourists alike to understand this concept of food and taste. The cuisine from El Cucuy references the Mexican flavors and cuisine one will find when visiting cities and towns in Mexico alongside the Texas border. 
There is a distinct cuisine of Mexican cuisine one will acknowledge and even understand as Mexican dishes served in Mexican towns alongside the Cali-Mexico Border and New Mexico-Mexico Border are way different than Mexican towns in Tex-Mexico Border. Don't believe me... just ask a Californian, New Mexican, and a Texan what type of bread and beverage should be served with menudo and you'll see a foodie argument escalate so quickly. Now add that Texas spans about 16 hours across and even regions within Texas differ slightly ie El Paso/Ciudad Juárez and The Valley/Mexico and you have a full blown Hunger Games discussion.
////
Bringing it back to El Cucuy now these dishes are not meant to be served in a plated way or feature ingredients one may be accustomed to when eating Mexican food in New Orleans. The flavors are way different and seasonings are a bit more intense, in a good way of course.
Of course, El Cucuy has some items that although are still delicious it's just not the particular style of serving I'm used to. This goes for their queso, but hey I'm not complaining, queso recipes are a family heirloom (I'm dead serious) and I can definitely recognize this recipe had the touch of an Abuela's influence. I just prefer the Abuela's in El Paso, San Antonio, and Ciudad Juarez if that makes sense.
Now for their tacos and elote, DAMNNNNNNN, just take my money every time because I love it. Is it a bit pricier that I've paid for in Mexico, sure, but I also was eating them off a street cart in Ciudad Juarez and not on Tchoup. Street where I'm sure their lease alone is stupid expensive. 
Menu prices account for location due to retail space and monthly leasing, etc. It's a business y'all not your friends house...
I love making their tacos "cruda" which is a fried Chihuahua cheese layer within your taco. It's like a little love letter to home and my childhood. The Elote is delicious and I appreciate the proper toppings they use. 
*Secretly crossing my fingers they one day do an "elote en vaso" for their menu. 
Their tacos when ordered have the protein mixed with a paired in-house salsa. If you're not one for salsa, simply ask for them to make it dry or to include the salsa on the side. Btw their asada and trompo are delish and the al pastor has pineapple in it. (I'm curious if maybe they added the pineapple recently since earlier reviews?)
Chips and salsa are bomb btw! I haven't tried their whole menu so can't speak for everything else.
//
Most likely COVID-19 Related:
It's quite easy to order although the logistics on a busier day isn't as ideal. You go up the stairs, place your order at the door, receive a number, and then you find a table. If all the tables are full though, you kinda just wait in a "queued line" alongside the house until one opens up. Hopefully this changes once you can actually dine inside post-pandemic.
//
As for the 20% automatic gratuity...
Everyone needs to understand that eating out is a form of art and you're paying for the luxury to have a team cook for you, serve you, tend to you, and clean up after you. I personally think all restaurants when dining in should require a minimum of 18-20% gratuity because sadly folks as a whole don't tip properly. If your food was served or delivered wrong you should bring it up immediately to the team or staff, it's not the servers fault if the kitchen does it incorrectly. You can't put 100% of the blame on them. Also just so folks understands tips from servers almost always gets shared with so many other roles in the restaurant as a thank you. 
You're not just tipping your server you're providing a livelihood to the server, host, bartenders, bar keep, dishwashers, kitchen line, cleaning crew, etc...
Eating at a restaurant is an experience and a service and is something that is not a requirement in life. Everyone is more than welcome to pick up ingredients and cook/eat at home. Your meals don't just magically whip up in twenty minutes there's a full production that happens behind the scenes the day of, even a week or two in advance with marinating, food prep, etc.
//
Maybe my one and only recommendation for El Cucuy Team is to just have a sign clearly stated at the stairs "We Charge An Automatic 20% Gratuity To Support Our Staff & Their Livelihood" so if folks aren't in agreeance then they can leave without ever stepping foot.I stopped in for lunch, and the ordering process couldn't have been easier. You order your food at the window, pay and make your way to the side patio and await your meal. I ordered the Duo with Chips ($8), which comes with a sizable serving of salsa roja and queso.
The salsa had a nice zing to it. It was flavorful without relying too heavily on the spices -- it had nice body and I loved how nicely it balanced with the queso. Both the salsa roja and the queso are made with roasted tomatoes, onions, peppers and spices.
I knew that I had to try the Carne Asada Torta ($11) for myself. This was tender carne asada served on bolillo bread with black beans, avocado, mayo, lettuce, tomato, cilantro, onion and cotija cheese.
It was so interesting to have all of the flavors that I enjoy in really good Mexican food in a sandwich. I feel like so many of us reach for a burrito, when we want all of those flavors, but this torta was such a different experience. It more than lived up to the hype.
I wrote about this restaurant for Uptown Messenger. Read the full article here: https://uptownmessenger.com/2021/01/el-cucuy-serves-up-mexican-street-food-in-the-irish-channel/The tacos were very tasty. The queso was okay. I would appreciate some outdoor fans since it gets so hot here in NOLA.  The decor was very cool.Uhh. What am I missing here? If you can't get the tacos right then you might as well shut down. The tiny dollop of chicken or carne asada on each taco was tough and dry. I ordered all the toppings which amounted to a barely perceptible sprinkling of cheese, onions and a fleck of cilantro. There are two places making loaded, scrumptious tacos nearby: barracuda and liberacion. You'd probably find higher quality at Chipotle and avoid paying $15 for three pitiful excuses for tacos. Also, the owner's snarky, immature responses to legitimate criticisms in other reviews really leaves me with zero guilt here. I'll save you some time: I pay for my own Netflix, and I'm in the service industry. This place just doesn't seem to care - skip it!It's pretty much an over priced chipotle. Keeping in mind that this is the state of Louisiana....the food is still far from authentic Mexican food. The scene is really cool and welcoming though. Kind of a hipsters dream. All they need is a hacky sack circle and poetry night. My margarita came in a regular soda cup. For 12 dollars I thought they'd atleast put it in a glass... The horchata taste like regular ol egg nog. Also. I don't know who needs to here this but.. salsa verde DOES NOT always have to be made with guacamole. Gratuity is included in the bill...like I thought that was your choice? Whatever. Never coming back here again.Overall this place was mehhh. Little pricy, food was avg, and drinks...well let's just say I have had better. 
Won't be my "let's go here for taco's" spot. 
Not impressedBEST MARGARITAS in CITY of NOLA hands down!!
The bartenders are great and the new chef is consistent. The pollo tacos and Elote' (corn) is muy bien. Loving the patio area and heaters out there. This is a perfect location on Tchoupitoulas and great for social distancing.Stopped in to see a friend while I was visiting New Orleans. Let me tell you this one place does not disappoint. Wish they had been open when I still lived here. The staff is very friendly and super attentive. Food was fantastic and the drinks were on point. If you are tired of the same old thing take a ride down tchoup and give these guys a shot you won't be disappointed.I've eaten here twice since it opened and I'm impressed. I really enjoyed the cactus tacos and the queso, but if I'm being honest, my favorite thing on the menu is the ELOTE. It's so good, I could (regrettably) eat at least three of them in a sitting. I'd be happy if I asked for several orders of elote and that was the only thing I ate there... Anyway. Drinks are pricey but really nothing unreasonable. The chips are homemade and really yummy.
Like everyone else is saying here, the decor is really cool. This outdoor courtyard situation is going to be a delight for next summer.This rating is for the food and drink experience only. If you consider the decor (fantastic), availability of outdoor seating (good), and service (friendly and welcoming when ordering) then it is a vastly improved experience. 
Ordered the 3 taco plate with Trompo, and unfortunately they were not flavorful at all. Just completely lacking in flavor, and no pineapple at all. The black beans seemed like they were literally poured out of a can with some cheese sprinkled on top. The margarita was okay, nothing special but not the worst either
With that being said, we came on the 2nd or 3rd day that they were open. We arrived about 45 minutes before closing, and told them that they were dining in (you order up front). They gave us our food in a take-out container and plastic bag (?) which was perhaps a mistake. Otherwise, they did not come back to check on us once, and then automatically charged 20% tip on the food for a party of 2. Totally for supporting the service industry, but perhaps people would appreciate if they were more transparent about it before the fact.First visit to El Cucuy - ordered the birria special and some tacos. The portions of meat are generous. The clean flavors come through. The pieces of lime though are so tiny. The order came with a roasted jalapeño that was a nice touch. Beware though they have a kick!Walked in for lunch today. We were able to sit right away and were told we had to order at the counter. The staff was extremely friendly. $10 is very reasonable for a two taco plate with beans. The tacos were generously sized. We also ordered the trio of dips for $15 which I thought was a little high. The pibil taco was very good. The pollo taco was not as flavorful. In the trio of dips the queso was by far the best.  We also ordered the sangria which at $8 was high for sangria in the can. Our total bill was $73 dollars for three people and all one of us got was a single taco and sprite. They automatically included a 20% gratuity and you are not waited on. I think that is something that should be told in advance especially since you mostly serve yourself.Awful!  What a shame had great atmosphere and theme - had great potential but food was sub par as was the staff attitude (and it takes a lot for me to mention).  The drink was weak - the auto 20% added to the bill as you order off the porch and seat yourself with minimal wait staff interaction was unacceptable (I actually usually tip 25% though). 1 chorizo dip (mostly watery cheese with a sprinkle of chorizo), 3 tacos (meat was dry), 1 weak drink, and 1 coke...for over 50 including the mandatory tip.  Won't be backAmazing food, cocktails and socially distanced super safe COVID protocols. I've eaten here five times and it seems that the food gets better each time. I highly recommend the Elote, and the tacos and salsa are on point. Not a big fan of Mexican sandwiches aka Totra but theirs is absolutely delicious with that chili oil grilled finish. I think the chips are handmade and batch fried fresh because they are thick and delicious and the perfect vessel for salsa and queso. Really refreshing to see  true Mexican street food served in America and such a vibrant, artistic space. Looking forward to seeing this place evolve into a full restaurant and bar once all of the Covid restrictions have lifted and we can return to life normally.Interesting decor, very good Covid protocols, and very good food.  Full sized tacos, elote, and side of beans. Queso was a little thin but it was very warm. It thickened as it cooled. Flavors were fresh and authentic.  Tortillas and chips looked homemade. Good value and worth a trip.I really wanted to like this place! It certainly has "curb appeal" but it ends there. Sadly the food was just awful! A lesson to never judge a book by its cover. So disappointing.Great place for some mex in a sea of cajun. Cool decor and friendly staff, great outdoor space!Our food was without taste and we don't have covid.  Had the signature tortilla soup and nothing.  Salsa, nothing.  Guacamole - worse.  Good luck!  It's a land based food truck bound to move on.We ordered specific Tacos, Beans, Chips and Dips. Totally awesome! We called in hours before and it was all ready to go upon arrival. Parked directly in front. Highly recommend! Definitely a must! Thanks for great service!Good food. Good drinks. Excellent service. Very cool vibe, and I loved the patio outside. We will definitely be back! 
And I have to say, the 1-star review from that bro Harrison who was talking shit about the automatic 20% gratuity is IDIOTIC. We're in a pandemic. We have to take care of our service industry folks.This place is awesome! 
We visited El Cucuy for my girlfriends birthday in January. The ambiance is really cool, the employees are all friendly and down to earth.
Food was delicious as well 
The vibes are awesome will for sure be back for another margarita and some delicious tacosFantastic spot and atmosphere! I recommend trying it out! Look up the meaning of the name if you are unfamiliar with Mexican Folklore. The tacos were just okay. Authenticity is probably there, but, I wanted more flavor. Queso was yummy. Drinks were good. Margaritas were awesome.Phenomenal torta and inventive, well mixed drinks. Great atmosphere.First time trying El Cucuy and was not disappointed! They offer out door seating and all tables are social distant form the next. We started with chips, salsa, guacamole and queso. I had the Birria taco special, 2 tacos with pickled onions and of course the stew to dip. I can't wait to come back and try more!I wrote an earlier review, and noted that the puerco de pibil was almost there. Last night, I ordered it again. This time it was fantastic and immensely flavorful.Overall, I'd actually give a rating of 3.5 but their Carne Asada Cruda style taco is quite delicious and is worth the extra half point. Today I had the Perco Pibil which seemed to me like what usually goes by the name El Pastor, i.e. stewed pork with pineapples. It was almost a real hit. Though I got the robust flavor of actual peppers, it lacked flavor beyond the pork and peppers, in my opinion. I felt it needed more seasoning of some sort. 
The most challenging thing about this restaurant is ordering food online. I've ordered several times using one of the apps, and I found the menu to be quirky which resulted in me not getting something I wanted or getting something I didn't want.
All in all I like this restaurant, evidenced by the fact that I keep going back. Hopefully, they tweak things a bit to make this place a hands down winner.The tacos are great, the drinks are great, and we liked them all.  But what we really loved was the artwork in the patio. The outside walls are decorated with large scale creepy cool creatures.  The works are layered and there's a lot to see.  The unique artwork helps give El Cucuy a distinctive vibe thats worth checking out. So have some tacos, some adult beverages, take it all in and let it linger.  And since you are on Tchoupitoulas St. check Disco Warehouse which is a funky home decor shop with tons of personality just a few blocks down the road.El Cucuy doing Mexican food justice!! Great tacos! Great chips and queso! Lotta love from south Tejas!! Keep up the great service and grubExcellent margaritas and a beautiful outdoor space! 
A regular after work stop for us!I absolutely loved everything about this place. The food and atmosphere are great and they have everything spaced out great for COVIDEl Cucuy-a mythical ghost monster- mythical, much like your order after you place it. You may see it, you may not. After discovering the spot on a drive by my friend & I decided to check it out. We placed our order, everything started out great, greeted by a helpful, informative host or manager or owner???, and then went to sit down. Time passed, we got our drinks, more time passed and my friend was informed that they were out of carne so she changed it to pollo. More time passed and her meal came. She wanted to wait for me to get my food but I insisted she eat. Good thing I did bc 30 minutes later I still had no food so we asked a server about my order. I told her what I had and after more time she returned with..... the wrong order. A pollo and.... carne. I don't eat beef &, well, we were told over 30 min. ago that they were out of carne, but I digress. Finally my plate comes out. Still missing one of my items but at this point I don't even care. The pollo tacos and the elote were not bad, even cold (as that was the temp that I received my almost hour late food) The beans "tasted" like they came straight from a can with NO seasoning. The cocktails were not bad. SO as if the dining experience weren't bad enough, when we walked back up to that same woman who took our order, to go pay we noticed a mandatory 20% tip included in the bill. That's when I ATTEMPTED to explain to her the horrible experience we had and why I didn't think a 20% tip was justified for late food, missing items, incorrect order and cold food. This same lady had ZERO interest in hearing about our experience and instead cut me off  and told me, " I'm not going to sit here and argue with you about this, give me your check!"  This was my first and last visit to this place. I have to wonder, is this an owner? Can't be bc she would want to know about her business and correct any issues, is this a manager? How would someone like that be able to keep a job? Is she a hostess? I don't know of any employee who would talk to a customer like that, especially when they are attempting to present a legitimate concern. All I can say is good luck..My wife and I just finished dining at El Cucuy a wow it was the best food I have had in a long time... when it comes to authentic Mexican tacos the food and service was over the top! The flavors burst in your mouth! Bang!  I suggest, try anything it's all awesome! We sat at the bar and service was great. If you are sitting on tables, you order up front (like company' burger;). We met with Austin the owner while sitting at the bar, I suggest to sit at the bar eat drink and be merry! Austin is very versed on Tequila and Mescalero.. we tried some, great stuff! Also we met some of his friends and staff along the way. Megan stopped by she's an artist of the us jackalope wow she is a wonderful lady too! 
Over all this was a great night with great food and friends! I
Thanks
JoeThe tacos are so delicious! The chicken is super juicy and the pulled pork is perfect. Full of goodness.I've wanted to stop here since it opened. So
Cool from the street and even better inside and on the patio. More of a bar than restaurant, but the food that is served is very good, especially the guac. Steak tacos and chicken tacos were also good, made special by the sauce and preparation of the tortilla. We will be back for the food- but the specialty drinks looked inviting too. Give it a shot!Casual Mexican joint that has a cozy inside and large outdoor courtyard. I always love the see nopales on a menu. I didn't get a chance to try the food because I came too late in the night. The margarita was tasty and the bartender provided excellent service.We wanted to love this place but our experience was poor.  Waited in long line to get a table (however place was almost empty).  After waiting, ordered a margarita and went to our table outside.  Waited about 15-20 mins and no margarita.  Husband waited in a line again (all other staff never came to my table) to ask status of margarita.  Nothing.  Another couple that arrived same time as us had same exact experience.  After a lot of back and forth and no margarita and no one to take our order we left after 45 mins as did the other couple.  Hoping this was a staff shortage issue and will try this place again but we were very disappointed.First time trying this place. I did Takeout. and boy, what a disappointment this place was. Ordered some pastor, carne,  pollo tacos, and some queso with chorizo. Taco meats were bland, with a strong lime taste. The corn tortilla tacos I ordered, were hard and cold. The flour tortilla option was a better choice. The Queso was ok.
The one thing that really shocked me was the MANDATORY 20% GRATUITY automatically added to my bill...what a joke. I guess this is how they automatically tell you to never come back. I am a very good tipper and for sure I always tip on takeout orders...but to impose that on customers? Please give me a break! 
I wish I had read other reviews about this place before wasting my money here.I love this place!! Casual cool vibe and the food is amazing!  Best margarita in town...it's the perfect place to hang out on a Saturday afternoon with friends,  can't wait to go back!!!Came here and ordered the chips and salsa for an appetizer and Shrimp Diablo and Carne Asada tacos for the main course. Tacos were fantastic! The meat was high quality and well seasoned. The shrimp diablo was very flavorful. The chips were freshly made and delicious. Salsa fresh. Ambiance was very comfortable and enjoyable on a lowkey Monday night. Would definitely return!
I noticed some reviews encouraging others to go to the barracuda instead. I've never been there so I can't speak to how good their food is - but I can say what they said about El Cucuy is inaccurate and seems like they had an agenda to persuade potential patrons to go to the barracuda instead. 
I'm from SE Houston; I know good tacos -  and El cucuy's tacos are fantastic, can't emphasize that enough. You won't be disappointed. :)Listen, the long and short of it is you need to just keep driving and go to Barracuda. I pray for all souls and wallets that end up here. 
The positives: there's a very cute patio/outdoor seating area with beautiful art. When you walk up, you have to first go to the hostess, who takes your order on the spot. You're given a number and you can seat yourself. There's also indoor seating as well. The host was super friendly--talkative and full of energy. One thing they are intentionally not mentioning or letting customers know is that there's 20% gratuity added to every order. That's not the issue because a lot of my favorite places have automatic gratuity during COVID and because I always tip at least 20% unless service was terrible. They really need to add a line on their menu that says that. 
The real: The ONLY thing that was good was the salsa that comes with the trio--salsa, guac, queso--and the elote. Every. Single. Dish. Was. Bland!!!!! The chips were underwhelming. The guac tasted like mashed avocados. No salt, not garlic, NOTHING! The veggie tacos were the worst things that I ordered. Absolutely tasteless. I had hope that the black beans were going to be good, but nope. They needed not to bother putting the beans in the bowl. They should have just brought the can and can opener to the table and save themselves the time, because it certainly didn't taste like they did anything to them. 
The funny thing is, when we were waiting for our food, another customer walked up to us and said we "should have gone to barracuda because nothing tastes good here." 
Moral of the story, barracuda is 1000xs better and is in an earshot of this place. Just go to barracuda for the city's best tacos.What happened to this place? Six months ago it was great and yesterday I ordered take out and everything was bad, really bad! Carne asada and shrimp tacos were cold and the tortillas fell apart. Can't explain it, I picked up my order on time and nothing sat around long enough to get cold or soggy.  Always loved their queso, but again what happened? New recipe? Even more concerning were the chips. Can't figure out what they did here, maybe they refried old chips.  It was like trying to eat leather. This is a Mexican restaurant; if they can't get their chips right I don't know what to say. New owners? I also ordered a couple margaritas. When I picked up my order I was told they didn't have any lids. So I had to drive home with drinks sloshing around the car with no lids. I really hope they get it together soon or there will be another empty retail space on Tchoupitoulas.I feel bad writing this.  But then again I feel like someone just gambled with my life.  If you look at my profile you'll see I've never written a review.  I don't like snitching on subpar efforts - and I would never bother w a bad review bc of the service of a place.  There is a lot of mediocre Mexican food in NOLA - but this isn't one of them. If the food were just mediocre I would have already moved on with my life.  I've been sick from restaurants before, but in such instances I got the poisoning because the food seemed tasty enough to eat.  I guess my partner and I can be grateful that it tasted too bad to eat much of - we do feel sick, but that may have saved us from something worse...we shall see.  Within a single bite the problem was overt - the food was spectacularly old.  The steak was ancient.  The guacamole was aged to the point of literal fermentation - 100% made days earlier.  Out of morbid curiosity, my partner and I tried the salsa. It came in one of those tiny plastic containers.  It tasted like a sour spritzer.  Bubbling with age.  Fermented green tomatoes in a cup.  It was that final taste that has left us still nauseous as I write this.  We rushed to the car and drank a ton of water.  That didn't relieve us.  We ran and grabbed a juice from another restaurant.  That didn't do it.  I don't know what will fix this feeling.  Time probably.  
As a note to the staff - nobody expects a "rock 'n roll taco" place to be great - but at least respect the notion that the stuff you're serving is actually going into people's bodies.
The chips were good tho.A solid 3.8/5. You order at the hostess stand and the food is brought out to you. (It comes in to-go containers which is just against my environmental moral compass but also I'm sure this is for covid reasons.) We sat outside in the lovely courtyard where there was fun wall art and a fun crowd. The food itself is reasonably priced! I was very excited about the queso but it didn't quite live up to par. The birria tacos on the other hand??? Out of this world. You get a lot of food for your $; even if two tacos doesn't sound like a lot - they are packed to the BRIM with meat. Staff is friendly and wonderful too. 
In conclusion, not my favorite tacos, but pretty good tacos and would be a fun atmosphere to go to with a larger group of friends.Went to El Cucuy for the first time the the other day...let me tell you this place is something New Orleans hasn't seen and needs!! Being from Houston I hold my Mexican food to high standards and everything knocked it our of the park. Elote on point, Torta Al Pastor was out of this world, and the drinks were excellent. 
Grab your friends and check out the patio. 
Saw some reviews about the service, but it's a self service style restaurant not a sit down service which I prefer. Maybe that missed the mark for some. The 20% gratuity might be high for some stubborn tippers, but we are all in hard times so help out one of the hardest hit industries...not sure who even tips 15% anymore. 
Overall amazing atmosphere and a unique addition to the Nola scene place rocked!!!!Very cute patio and outdoor vibe. Food was fine tasting (was good), but definitely not worth the $75 price for 2 standard meals, small margarita and chips salsa. Maybe in a "fancy " vibe restaurant, but served in a bag and paper containers I didn't expect so expensive.  Go a little further down Tchop for tacos.  Maybe after covid, and they have music and events I'll check it out again.  I want to like the place, but rate it a C+ currently (for price, food tasted good)Atmosphere is great, especially at night when the lights are strung up. Seems like a great date night spot.
Food and margaritas were pretty mediocre. The Mexican Fire Squad was the best of the ones I tried.
Even if you dine-in (in the courtyard), everything is brought out in disposable to-go containers. Seems like a TON of unnecessary waste.I'm glad I didn't go by the reviews because it was delish. Our carne and pollo tacos were flavorful. Side of pickled veggies and lime wedge to add to tacos. We did get the queso and chips. Chips were homemade and yummy but I wish the queso was hotter but still good. Outside courtyard was beautiful and we drank our beers while waiting for food. Bundle up for outside seating only! I will return!The design is super cool. Staff is very  friendly but the food leaves something to be desired. The chips are good. They were out of Guac, but charged us for it. Covered outdoor seating has small tables. No indoor seating. Server said Propane heaters had no propane on a cold rainy day. We saw several propane tanks around the property. 20% gratuity was charged automatically, and on a day with only Birria Tacotwo tables, no servers returned to check on us or refilled waters / drinks. Our check also had to be corrected after ordering and paying.This place is a gem - Traditional Mexican favorites offered up without a lick of pretension in one of the coolest courtyards in New Orleans with an insane outdoor mural that will cause flashbacks to that first DMT trip. 
Go for the stellar torta and elote on your first visit, with a mezcal marg to wash 'em down; come back for some interesting b-side craft cocktails and the tasty tacos served on the best tortillas in the city. Servers are cool, and prices are more than fair. I just wish the hours were extended, but my sources tell me they will be someday soon.My new go to in NOLA!! Excellent food, great cocktails, a carefully curated atmosphere.Really good spot with a unique menu. Mix drinks are very original and food very tasty. Bartender and staff very attentive. We loved this place!El Cucuy has the best, most authentic tacos in town. The nopales tacos are delicious. The ambience on the patio is great and worth a try even on a warm summer nightFood was at best average. They charge you 20% gratuity even though they don't have waiters working. You have to walk inside to place anymore orders...what is the gratuity for??? Also out of guacamole at a Mexican taco place? Save yourself the time and go to Vals, Barracuda, or stay at home.Nice hostess you should know that when you come in you pay for your food with 20% gratuity. The building and decoration were fantastic ! but sorry no - we ordered Birria tacos with carne asada and were salty as hell. The limeade was too strong and sour. The sizes for the drinks are so tiny and no refills. I also ordered the torta and it tasted like nothing just like a bread with bland stuff in it. I can at least say I like the horchata but THATS IT! I rather go to Mexican food truck. Not authentic Mexican food sorry. I won't come back to this placeSheesh, looking at past reviews here, people need to remember that we are still in a pandemic and this restaurant opened up despite that. With that said, El Cucuy was solid! I look forward to when you don't have to order at the front door of the restaurant, then seat yourself. Also not the biggest fan of the chips served in a paper baggy, but understand the circumstances and convenience. 
The queso was good and plenty for our party of 4. Could have been hotter. The tacos were delish and fresh, though one of them on my friends plate (can't remember which) was pretty dry. Had to add queso to it. The elote was by far the star of the show, don't skip on that. 
Looks are deceiving and the outdoor area looks way bigger than what it is inside, so keep that in mind if you are trying to visit for a busy Friday/Saturday night. Will return!