Bad smell in the restaurant, greasy floor, and the food is not that great! The prices are high for what you get and for New Orleans.Amazing GLUTEN FREE Mexican food!  The quesadillas with corn tortilla were amazing. The best I've had, even considering my trips south of the boarder. Customer service was friendly and attentive. I wish I had found this place on my first day here. 
Why Mexican food when in New Orleans?  Because even though this town has some great food, gluten free options are limited. Except here where they have an expansive dedicated gluten free menu.There were empty tables when we arrived and no line at the door. We were greeted by a host who confirmed there were just two of us. He asked if we had a reservation (note Yelp says they do not take reservations!). We did not. He then told us the wait was 45 minutes. I didn't get to try the expensive drinks but perhaps it's just as well.The only picture I could post is of empty plates! What an awesome find. Everything is fresh, delicious and authentic. So much better than everything in the French quarter. I will definitely be coming back. Thank you juan!
Queso fundido is a must! Salsa is amazing. Skirt steak was perfect. Chorizo was great and homemade corn tortillas were awesome.Enjoyed!!!! I would definatly go back! Do not find good mexican in Nola and I would consider this one of the better places!Amazing margaritas and quesadillas! Cute little spot. Everyone seemed very friendly. Although I was on date and we felt like our waitress was rushing us out and it was only 8:00. Trying to to take our plates before we were finished and offering us to go cups for our drinks.Great food right across trim the French Market. The stuffed paplano pepper app was full of flavor with just the right about of spice. I had a fish taco and a shrimp taco on a fresh home made corn tortilla. The drink menu was huge and although I don't drink they read like they were very tasty.We had a terrific dinner, served by Rachael. The special was a TexMex burrito that was very tasty. Rachael was so attentive and stopped by the table to chat. Highly recommended for flavor and service.Solid place for lunch. Their salsa was flavorful and the tacos I had were good. 
Tried the chorizo and the pulled pork. The chorizo was the better of the two in my opinion but both were good. 
Was thinking of getting 3 tacos and I'm glad I didn't because the 2 were larger than expected so more than enough. My colleagues had the chicken enchiladas which, was a massive plate of food, and then the Acapulco salad which while delicious looking seems like such a waste to order at a Mexican joint. 
All in all a decent meal in the warehouse district. Worth giving it a look.Amazing lobster tacos! I highly recommend this place for lunch. Everything is fresh and delicious. The waiter was super friendly and open to questions. He had great lunch suggestions. I would definitely eat there again.Best ever Red Snapper tacos for lunch. Fresh, huge portion, perfectly cooked, and not over seasoned. Extremely clean, fun atmosphere, and friendly and prompt service. Staff pride is evident.The queso fundido is amazing! We filled up on that divine cheesy goodness and should have split our entrees (we ended up only eating half of our entrees). 
The staff was fabulous - my son spilled a drink as soon as it was served, and they quickly moved us to a new table and reassured my son that it was ok (he was visibly upset that he had accidentally spilled). Then when the manager found out my kids speak Spanish, he gave them special attention and brought over a native Spanish speaker. 
If you want a yummy meal that's not in the bustle of the French Quarter, this is a great bet.Having guacamole, made fresh in front of us. Delicious. Fish tacos, fresh catch, puppy drum. With homemade corn tortillas. Delicious. Great atmosphere and assistance. This place is perfect!This place is a phenomenal gem if you looking for something different than the typical cajun cuisine then this is the perfect spot. The food is super flavorful and more than enough to make you full. A must try!!!Two tacos, one grilled fish & onions, one grilled vegetables, with homemade corn tortillas and an ice tea made for a perfect quick meal. Wish the bar was open during lunch; sitting solo at a table was a little awkward. Service was great.Everything tastes pretty good but the prices were really steep for the amount you get. The margaritas were tasty, but they cost almost $14 when you get the mixed ones. We got the crawfish quesadilla and the aged skirt steak burrito. Both were good but again, steep pricing. Ended up being about $35 a person and we weren't really full.Been there 3 times so far and have not been disappointed. Joey is the Gen. Manager and is doing a great job with this new location. Last visit we had Josh take care of us and he was on point with his service. 
This is not your typical cheap Tex Mex. Although a little pricey. The quality comes through in the fresh ingredients and great drinks. 
I suggest ordering their house tequila, queso fundido, steak fajitas, and finish off with their flan. 
If your not that hungry, don't be scared to split a meal.The food here was awesome, the salsa was delicious, queso amazing, and my veggie quesadilla was boommbbb. Our server was sweet too. BUT on a minor note the chips weren't all that great. And more importantly the service was sub par-particularly the management. It did take some time to get our drinks, and to have our server come check on us, but I know she was deep cleaning behind the bar at this time, so it seemed she lost track of time doing that. We were also informed it costs to get more salsa or chips, I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that does that and if I'm paying $14 for a veggie quesadilla, I would think I could get a refill of a small bowl of salsa no problem. The kicker here is the manager on duty, he spend the majority of the time we were there standing at the host stand or walking around on the phone. When we were informed we couldn't split the check (there were only two of us), and had to have our check adjusted (friend was charged for chicken that wasn't in her dish), he took quite some time to address this issue. He never came to our table before or after the check, despite the server being focused on cleaning and not our table, or despite our plates being stacked at the corner of the table. He was standing right beside us the majority of the time... if the service was as focused on the guest as much as the food was that place probably would have had a few more tables in it... please know though, the food was SO good.Just what we were looking for! Fresh squeezed margaritas, endless chips and salsa and spicy flavorful fajitas! We got the chicken fajitas and it was more than enough for 2 of us to share. We were so full from our lunch I didn't even need dinner. Great place and close to some of the hotels. Check it out! Friendly service too!I don't know what I must have been thinking going out for Mexican food in New Orleans.
Went there about a week ago when I had my grand kids in town. I thought tacos were a good Idea for little kids. A $4 taco would not have been bad had it come with more that just a small tortilla and meat. The tortilla was so small for the amount of meat that the kids had trouble eating it and they have eaten plenty of tacos. Then the add on's. A $4  dollar taco becomes a 6.50 taco and it not worth 6.50. My margarita was average at best.  My wife and I had a chicken Mole Burrito. Average at best had better a chain burrito places. For the price could have definitely could have done better.The food was decent, but the service was very lacking. We got our food at different times and well after other tables which ordered after us.I ate at the S. Peters St location a couple weeks ago.  I was on my way to the convention center and decided to eat here instead of paying for the WAY overpriced lunches available at the center.  I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good.  The rice and beans were great too.  But as promised, the "game changer" really is the Orange Oregano Salsa.  Oh my word!!  I'm still thinking about it weeks later.Food was very tasty, but extremely over priced for the small portion.  My lovely wife had the steak quesadilla for $14.95 and it was very small like about a half quesadilla.  I had a a steak burrito for $15.95 and it was tasty but overpriced.  My server was good, but seemed a bit overwhelmed.The food is pretty good, but the place is quite expensive for what you get. I got the mole chicken poblano which came with rice, beans and two tortillas. The breast was pretty big and the mole sauce was tasty, but that set me back $15. My date got the seared eggplant which was good, but again $25 for an entree. $50 including tip for two who drank water and no appetizers is pretty steep. Chips and salsa were free, chips were fine, salsa was a little too close to ketchup for me. It tasted alright, would not buy a jar of it. Overall, fine if you're traveling on per diem or someone else paying, much better food in the area for the price you'll pay. Probably won't be back simply due to $$$.Not sure why this city tries overcharging on everything.  Chips and Salsa should be free; or at least 1 round per person as advertised.  I went with 4 adults.  We do not share food since we dont know each other that well.  Since the menu said "the first round is on us", I asked for 4 separate salsas.  (Dipping with someone you dont know is weird).  When we got the bill, we had an extra $6 tagged on for the 3 additional salsas on top of the first.  PLUS, they charged for extra chips (even though we were 4 adults, we only get 1 free basket).  Ridiculous.  Next time, I will be sure to only go alone and not bring anyyone with me - or we will ask for separate tables next to each other.  Stupid and bad for business.Food was fantastic! Started of with pineapple cilantro margaritas and a stuffed avocado for an appetizer.  The stuffed avocado had shrimp,  cilantro,  and a butter cream sauce.  The manager, Josh recommended corn tortillas to soak up the sauce. Well worth it!  Next course was the blood of the devil Margarita.  Yummy!  Cranberry,  lime and spicy Serrano infused tequila.  Our bartender, Antonio was amazing!  He made exactly what we wanted.  We had a food restriction and Josh recommended the Seared Oxacan eggplant for our entree.  Everything was tasty and the service of both Josh and Antonio was above and beyond.  We're local and we will definitely be back!  There's more cilantro pineapple margaritas in the future:)We helped good places to eat for dinner and this place was reasonably priced and had great reviews so we gave it a try. What a great idea. The food was AMAZING. The best thing either of us has ever had eaten in a Mexican restaurant was the stuffed avocado with shrimp. OMG....it is out of this world. My wife got it as an entree and me and my son wanted more and more of it. 
I got the steak fajitas and my son got the beef burrito. The food is above average and exceeded our expectations. Our server was friendly and quick with our food, drinks and chips. 
I wanted to give this place a 4.5 stars so I had to round up. They deserve their 4 star rating and a little more.  Great location, great food and the prices weren't too bad at all. Overall, we were extremely satisfied. 
If/when we're ever in NOLA again, we'll be back for that stuffed avocado. Soooooo. Good. 
I put pictures of what we had.Would have gotten 4 stars BUT....... They charged us $7.00 for 4 very small bowls of salsa for the chips and when I brought this up to the manager he kept the charge on, coulda bought 2 bottles of Pace salsa for that price. In all my years of eating at Mexican Restaurants I've never paid for chips and salsa always complimentary. To their credit though, the food was good.  You can shear sheep once a year, you can only skin'em once.Great experience from the moment we walked in the door. Service was impeccable, and our server, Sammy was an absolute delight he gave us great suggestions and treated us like family! The food was uber delicious! We ordered a mixed grill with several types of meats and vegetables (all delicious) and a Macho platter, enchiladas and quesadillas rice beans and guac these two fed all four of us (Wow)! 
We all had an excellent time, it was fun and entertaining! The entire staff worked together and provided us with a great New Orleans evening! If you just need to get away from Cajun this place is a definite must! Ask for Sammy!!BEWARE ANYONE who is a BUSINESS TRAVELER, location WILL NOT SPLIT CHECKS! Ridiculous!Poor service, I came here for a convention last week and we always ask if we can split check up front. She asked if we were bustiness travelers and then asked the manager, and was good to go. Well, I come tonight and I was told that was an error.This place has a separate gluten-free menu which was awesome!!! The food itself also was good - large portions (I should have only gotten one taco!!!) and very fresh/well prepared. I highly recommend. We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and provided impeccable service. 
They make margaritas out of their own top shelf tequila brand as well, if you are into that sort of thing.Stayed right next to the restaurant and was looking for a cold beer and I ordered a plate of guacamole made by my table.  It was great, the corona was only $4 and the chips and salsa were worth eating. Being from Los Angeles I know good mex food.  This place was worth checking outThe food was typical for a Mexican restaurant nothing spectacular. The service was terrible. I wouldn't suggest skipping and going somewhere else for a meal.Salsa, cheese dip and burrito were all really good. Different flavors of margaritas that you probably wouldn't think of but taste great.A little expensive, but overall delicious!
Definitely recommend the tacos. I had the shrimp, steak, chicken and ground beef. All of them were delicious!
Would recommend you visit if you're attending a conference nearby!I was so pleasantly surprised to find this gem in New Orleans. Some of the best Mexican food I've had.This kind of place is the reason I use Yelp! I went here for lunch during a conference and everything about this place made me happy. Our server Kevin was super friendly and very helpful. 
I'm a vegetarian and he recommended the veggie fajitas (without the rice due to chicken stock, which is something some servers miss) and they hit the spot. 
My wife said that this was the first time in a long time that she was totally happy after a restaurant meal. Next time in NOLA I will be coming to El Gato Negro.This place has awesome margaritas. The food is authentic and great prices. The atmosphere is nice and service is excellent. If you need something different than the cajon seafood, this is the place. Grais!This place started off great and escalated downwsrds. The Watermelon Margarita was good. The service started out good. Place was emplty.
Then we didn't get our food for 30 min. My Hass with shrimp was cold. My boys tacos were cold and overcooked. The lobster tacos were cold and salty. My wife's fajitas came out perfect and hot......10 minutes after ours. Missing the sides for my boys tacos. It was just bad. Waiter apologized and explained  that they sacrificed food service to help out the bar staff that was short staffed??? So it sucked for us.
Not coming back. $135 waisted. Should have just gambled it away.This is a good Mexican place in the middle of the garden district (there are other locations in NOLA too). Make sure to ask for the vegetarian menu (which also houses the gluten free options). 
I had the vegetarian burrito (make sure to get it without rice since there's chicken broth in there). The burrito is filled with delicious fresh veggies including Brussels sprouts! It comes with a side of fresh guacamole. I definitely recommend it.
Service here is good, but be forewarned that only the first basket of chips and salsa is included. There is an additional charge for more chips and salsa.This is a fantastic place to eat the service is wonderful and the food is the best, the prices aren't bad but mostly you cannot beat the service.The pork chop with the chipotle mushroom sauce was amazing! I hardly ever write reviews, but this place was so great that i felt the need to share. The Blood of the Devil margarita is delicious. It is infused with seranno pepper tequila and has a spicy kick that is perfect. Do yourself a favor and try this place. It will not disappointExcellent authentic Mexican. Delicious vegetarian options as well as carnitas & shrimp. I love the vegetable tacos. We usually go to the lakeview location- it is kid friendly & gets crowded. Wonderful margaritas. I am looking forward to the renovation with more outdoor seating.Sat for more than an hour waiting on our food after we ordered. The manager noticed us just sitting and gave us complimentary round 2 of our drinks.  That was very nice of him. Once we receive our meal, it wasn't really as great as all the reviews state. I would not return.Waited 20 minutes for someone to take my order and left hungry. Never got water. Tried flagging waiter down no luck. I just wanted a drink and a bite. Chips and salsa were good.This restaurant was an amazing find in the warehouse district. It's conveniently located right across from the Riverwalk, along Julia St. There's a decent amount of street parking around as well as a public parking garage only one block away. 
As a vegetarian, I loved all the menu choices available here. I went to this restaurant with my family of 5 (all vegetarians) for lunch and we were all able to get unique dishes! This never happens! I had the acapulco salad with fresh veggies. The veggies were so deliciously seasoned and fresh--someone with a real flavor palate and respect for properly cooking these veggies prepared this meal. I also had a bite of the veggie burrito--very very savory and filling. 
The restaurant provides the first round of chips and salsa for the table complimentary, which was nice. They also provide table-side guac where they prepare the guac fresh for you and modify the spice level to your table's choosing. 
The restaurant is large and spacious, with a separate bar area that looks fun for late night. 
Overall, I would definitely re-visit this place!Visiting New Orleans for several days, I decided to try out El Gato Negro. I went around lunchtime and tried the El Macho Man combo. Every item was delicious! Not to mention the staff were all friendly and attentive throughout the meal. This is an excellent lunch spot and a great choice for anyone looking for Mexican food nearby.The enchiladas are great, and the orange-oregano salsa is amazing. Highly recommended.Food was expensive ($22 for fajitas) and not very good. Margaritas were so sweet. The go box they brought me had already been used. No bueno.NOT your standard Mexican fare! I went with my wife and daughter-in-law while in town for business. My wife and I are vegetarian, and this is a great place for us. They have a separate vegetarian menu on request. I had veggie fajitas; my wife had veggie tacos, which are a build-your-own item, similar to fajitas. Daughter-in-law had chicken enchiladas. The tableside guacamole is excellent, as were all the entrees. Tortillas are handmade. The rice has chicken stock in it, so vegetarians get extra beans instead (the frijol refrito doesn't contain lard). Chips and salsa also very good. Waiter was very friendly and helpful.
Bill with one margarita, one iced tea, and all the above: $68.
Vegetarians can have a hard time in New Orleans. This place is a gem.Wow!!! I frequent the chain around the city and was delighted to hear the opening downtown. Went with my dad who is somewhat of a tough critic for lunch, lunch is a big deal to him. 
1. The service is AMAZING. Rochelle was on point with every suggestion, loveable personality, and felt like a family member like she should sit down and eat with us. She served over seas and has worked in the hospitality industry.
 Then Joey comes by, blew us away (literally) with his bananas foster (a Mexican resturant with some New Orleans flavor). Such a humble and passionate leader. Got a motivational talk with a great meal. Could've stayed for hours just from the great energy we received from the wonderful staff/family.
2. The food, which was so good that even though I was stuffed didn't/couldn't stop eating. As an entree I got the red snapper plate towards the bottom left hand side of the menu. I couldn't tell you what my dad had because I was so focused but he enjoyed it too he was talking about the salsa, I couldn't hear because my mouth was full (not joking). Absolutely delicious! ..... Now ... the bananas foster, dare I say it was better then Brennens on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. Joey had it down to a science literally. And he loved doing it. 
3. This is a comfortable Mexican spot. Not an uppity resturant with small tapas/tacos that are over priced. And not the over done, feel like rolling over when you finish spot priced at 5 dollars for a Mexican feast. This is a nice middle ground!
Thank you to all the staff the waitressess, the cooks and the gm. We will defiantly be back for the HAPPY HOUR @ 5 with $5 PINEAPPLE CILANTRO MARGARITAS. Because of their values, quality, and service this chain will grow and and keep regulars. But go check it out for yourself!I headed over from the convention center for a quick lunch. They had the perfect table for one in a little corner. Food was delicious and service, fast.Love love love this place! We were a large group and our waiter was quick and fun. They even made a special micholata for one of our group. They have unique magaritas on the meno like orange cilantro. They recommended some things on the menu and were super quick bringing drinks. The crawfish queso was great. The shrimp quesodilla was also awesome.  I reccomend this place if you looking for something besides typical new Orleans cuisine. We had a fantastic time.Mexican food in New Orleans? A little hard to find, but just a quick walk away from the convention center. I was greeted with sporting events being played on the TV's, then chips and salsa came out quickly. I ordered the chicken breast with mole poblano (came with Spanish rice and refried beans), which may or may not be on the menu anymore as a single dish.The order took about 20 minutes. The chicken was tender and moist, but the mole a little less spicy than I had believed it was going to be and slightly different than how my grandma used to make it. For $15.75, I left satisfied and was a fan from the start after seeing the cat logo on the signService was great. Great  people. Paid premium dollar for Food that was inedible. Chicken taco was decent. Most people commented on how small the  sizes were for paying as much as we did.Talk about tickling your tastebuds! This NOLA gal is used to the typical local cuisine. What a treat it was to find El Gato Negro!
Cute place, friendly staff, and the flavors! OMG! We are talking not your average Mexican food here.
The pineapple habanero shrimp was sweet with a hint of spice, perfectly balanced for your palate. The pulled pork burrito was overstuffed and the chorizo salsa was exactly what it needed to take this dish over the top!
I will be back again! Happy tongue, happier tummy!Being from San Antonio, I know my way around a plate of enchiladas! I was very happy with my meal. It was generous in portion, had some flare to it, and simply tasted incredible. The service was friendly, fast enough, and the price was commensurate with the quality and experience. 
I'll be back!Of all the local Mexican places, this one is my favorite (along with Casa Borrega).  We used to schlep to the French market location  or even drive out to lakeview.  Now that we have an El Gato Negro a short walk away from home, we go once a week.
The stuffed pepper appetizer is great. Portions are large. It's easy to share here & still have leftovers. My favorite dish is the fajitas - steak and chicken. Their seasonings are great and they always use whichever veggies are fresh & in season. The mirliton is to die for !Very good. Ate a late lunch. Server was Julie. Very nice. Food is all fresh. Awesome Guacamole!!!!Went for lunch when they opened at 11am with my
 daughter. Super fresh, super flavorful, great service. Had the stuffed avocado and tableside ceviche. Some of the best Mexican food I've ever eaten. The restaurant is clean with beautiful decor.Great queso, chorizo tacos and house made tequila!
Juan is a great host and if you're in the area you owe it to yourself to stop.Mmmmm. I was so excited for you, El Gato Negro. But I found you to be overpriced and under flavored. The tacos were lackluster. The lunch service was slow af. The salsa was kind of gross. Margaritas were pretty great though.Went here years ago while traveling and remember it being great (although vague memory as I was pretty drunk), so made a point to come back and make sure. Food here is amazing- got the beef quesadilla and it was incredible. GF got veggie fajitas. Also, go for the table-side guac- They'll make it how you like it (salty, spicy, garlic, etc). Margaritas are also de-lish.Just a bad overall experience both times I've gone now just save your time and money and don't go. There are so many better restaurants in Nola.The food and atmosphere were so good!!! The only downside was it looked like there were 3 waiters running a full house so the service was pretty slow but the waiters were very friendly.It was good! Large portions, food was a little different than the usual Mexican cuisine restaurants so it was a nice surprise. Our service was a little slow, that was the only downfall. It wasn't horrible to ruin our experience, but it felt like it took longer to get our bill and our credit card back than it did to wait for our food and eat it. I definitely recommend it.Are you ever in the mood for a really big, messy burrito? I recently had that kind of craving, so David and I headed over to El Gato Negro, home of one of my favorite burritos.
We were here somewhat early (7 ish) on a Friday night and the crowd was non-existent, but we were greeted with a friendly "hello" and shown to our table right away. Joseph was our waiter and he was great- super friendly and attentive and full of personality. We started with an order of queso and I got my carnitas burrito smothered in their delicious tomato sauce. As always, the burrito was perfect and packed with goodies. I was pretty pleased. I also had a tasty frozen margarita that was a great "cool down" on a warm summer night.
The atmosphere of this place is pretty laid back and I imagine that they do a good lunch crowd and I'm sure that business picks up when there is a show at Howlin Wolf or Republic, so plan accordingly. I will definitely go back for more of their deliciousness.Big fan of this place. They have lots of gluten free options and even a gluten free menu. Everything I had was very good. It's a little pricey, but worth it. Very clean and great service.Our sister n law recommend El Gato Negro and it was simply the best. The service went above and beyond the call of duty. My wife tried the margarita blooded the devil and it was super. I had the poblano pepper and this was off the chain. When in New Orleans this is a mustGood food.  Reasonable price.   Not fancy and drinks are good.   Margaritas are their specialty.Great service really good food. Is it just me or is this place super overpriced though? The tourists don't know any better but the prices here seem very high for New Orleans. $4-5 for a single taco.This place is so slow!!!!!! Waited way too long for our food at 10 pm not very crowded either!!! Once the food finally came out it was very good, but VERY SLOWShrimp quesadilla was good but rather small for the price. We got seated quickly and received chips and salsa. Staff was a little slow but we got that impression based on other reviews. Overall a good experience.I'm a big eater and so is my pregnant wife. We were told by the very nice waiter that some of the items on the menu were quite a lot for one so we shared one plate with different enchiladas, quesadillas and other mexican foods. 
It was truly mexican, and I must say that it was the best food so far in new orleans. We've been here for three days and to he honest, food hasn't been that good anywhere but from 'el gato negro' we left totally full and very happy. 
I really reccomend this place! Doesn't matter if you want a quick bite or a real big dinner. It's friendly, clean, and terrific food to a reasonable price.If you're gluten free, you must try El Gato Negro! The menu offers quite an array of authentic dishes. Outstanding staff who are always energetic and accommodating. On our vacation of one week we have enjoyed this venue three times.Yummy. Great food. Tasty and flavorful. We had chicken tacos, shrimp tacos, burritos, cheese dip. Everything was yummy. We are coming back! 
The restaurant was empty at night, but that's because it's in the business district.Tonight was my second experience at El Negro Gato. My first experience was delicious. The guacamole was incredible and the staff was so kind.
Tonight I arrived to find that they were closing. I asked if I could get a takeout order despite them technically being closed. They remembered me and immediately and graciously said they would. They let me sit at a table while my food was prepared. I am so impressed by their kindness and service. I've loved all of the items I've tried and would happily return again during my stay.Loved this place. Great atmosphere, fabulous service, and outstanding food after a long day of walking. 
I had the carne asada quesadilla, beans and rice. I have to say this was the best quesadilla I've ever had!!  Fresh, homemade tortilla, tender grilled carne, and wonderful queso.The food and service was excellent. Moses was so kind and attentive. Good authentic Mexican food from an experienced traveler who lived in California, Texas, and Chicago. Nice break from the New Orleans Cajun menus.the food was good. service was a bit slow but they improved on our second visit.  good place for vegetarian/vegans as they have options.The Pineapple Cilantro Margarita is an amazing, unique libation that is both refreshing and knock you on your ass intoxicating (as you don't notice the alcohol). Plus, they have delicious guacamole made AT YOUR TABLE. TO YOUR SPECIFICATIONS. Yes, its pricey, but worth it for a quick nosh.Only stopped in here to try the margaritas, but I would give this place 5 stars just for those! We ordered two to go, and sip while we were walking around the French Market, one of the pineapple cilantro, and one of the traditional lime. The girl taking our order recommended the top shelf liquor, but we took a pass and just got the regular. They were a little pricy, but they were really good, and it was nice that we could take them to go :) The server even said she poured in a little of the top shelf liquor because it was New Year's Eve! Wish we had time to stop in here and try the food, but I'm glad we tried the margaritas at least. If you're a margarita fan, this place is definitely for you!Got the stuffed avocado  appetizer and the combo plate.  The chips were fresh, and the corn tortilla was homemade (&hand rolled). The food tasted really authentic, the pork had a serious smoked flavor to it.  Lime & cheese dotted the food landscape.  Everything that they serve has a seafood, fish, shrimp, or lobster option that can be added to it.  The lobster claw tacos/burritos are made with actual claw meat.  It's not fused chunks or anything- the real deal, a solid piece of lobster claw right out if the shell.Well, I'm friends with the owner. My parent's helped him find this location and boy, I am so glad it's right around the corner from my shop! I'm not saying this because he's my friend, but seriously, this place has the best QUALITY food. The owner goes way out of his way to make sure that the quality of the food is impeccable. The staff is a lot of fun and very friendly. It is a small joint so space has been a bit of an issue for him - but I kinda like that about this place. It's more personal and you get a lot of attention. There are tables outside, so if the weather is nice, I like to sit out there. It isn't a high traffic area either so you don't have to worry about people walking around you too much. 
Also, this place has been voted several times by the GAMBIT weekly to have the BEST margaritas in New Orleans... they sneak up on you, they are so good! If you don't come for the food, at least stop by and pick up a Margarita. While you're at it, pick one up for me too and stop by Sterling Silvia :)I have not had dinner or lunch here, but breakfast on two occasions, one being last Sunday morning.  It was terrific.  We had a table of 6 persons, all of whom at the time hopeful for the Saints home opener and having had perhaps too much fun the night before in the Quarter.  We had chips and salsa, terrific bloody mary's, a "pineapple and cilantro" margarita (wonderful, you have to try it...), and great Mexican food.  I had gggs with choriso, nicely done beans. Items companions had were thoroughly enjoyed as well.  Fresh soft corn tortillas, lightly grilled flour tortillas.  We all enjoyed it and went happily to the football game.  Oops...should have stopped with the great Mexican breakfast! :)  Oh well... Anyway, if you like Mexican and are hungry in the French Quarter, even for breakfast, try this spot!Great food. Came with a big party and they handled us well. Came with a vegan friend and her meal was one of the best.Good spot for Mexican when you've had enough Cajun or Creole to hold you for awhile. Food was fresh and prepared well.  Drinks were good, although waitress tried to upsell us on premium tequila in the margaritas, an expense usually unwarranted given the dominance of the mixer. Service was a little poky, perhaps due to our relatively late visit, but began to border on annoying.Came here with my mom for lunch and we split the pineapple cilantro marg, stuffed avocado, and red snapper fajitas. The wait staff was friendly and helpful. Our waitress recommended the stuffed avocado and I'm so glad we got it! Not what we expected, but I'm definitely going to want one all to myself when I go there again!Great gluten free menu.  Lots of choices. Great people and food.FANTASTIC margaritas!  I am picky with margaritas, so this is quite a feat.  Everything is fresh squeezed with a healthy dose of tequila.  
Seriously, this is one of the best margaritas I've had in a restaurant and the closest to what I make at home.
I had the shrimp fajitas and my partner had the made-from-scratch chicken enchiladas.  Both were excellent.  Everything appeared to be house made, including the tortillas.  The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked and came with a good mix of veggies: white onions, green onions, garlic, bell peppers, serrano peppers, and mushrooms.  The seasoning was great.
Why four stars instead of five?  The service. After being seated, it took over twenty minutes to get our margaritas and maybe forty-five to get our food.
In general, if a restaurant is abnormally busy, I don't mind this.  However, you can't tell me this was abnormal for El Gato Negro.  They're in the middle of the French Market--  they must be busy every night.  They had tons of servers and staff working and by now they should run like a well-oiled machine.  
Every table around us (even those with different servers) were also unhappy with the service. Maybe they were short staff in the kitchen?
This is not enough to deter me from going back.  The food itself was great.Huge disappointment! Stopped in for a top shelf margaretta with grand marinea. Paid 15.00 for a weak drink and couldn't even taste the GM. Asked for no salt. Got served salt in a plastic glass without a lime. Questioned the server as to why it wasn't served in a nice glass and his reply was to save on washing dishes! Noticed some people our waiter kept chatting with in Spanish had nice glasses with lime and orange slices. Pointed all this out to him and his poor service. He never refilled our glasses. Seemed to busy conversing with people who appeared to be locals. The place wasn't crowed or busy. Will not eat or drink there ever again.The food here was great.  It was a little different than most mexican restaurants that I eat at.  The refried beans were a little spicy compared to most places.  It is very small, though.  Thankfully we didn't have to wait, but I could see that being a problem.  I would definitely eat here again whenever I'm in the French Quarter.Gotta join in with the yelping majority and proclaim this place darn good. 
After having had fantastic margaritas here, my friend and I returned for a "light" meal on a Friday night. First, we walked right in and got a table. Nice! Yes, the seating is packed pretty close together, but it's a small restaurant. We get that they want to serve as many people as they can at a time. Service was fast and friendly. 
She started with a pineapple-cilantro margarita; I went traditional (fresh and orange-y tasting). Both were delish. Mine was packed with fresh ingredients and went down all too easy. I was impressed that hers was flavorful and well blended without being to sweet or harsh on the cilantro. We next ordered nachos. She got a chicken taco and I got a fish one, too. 
We were really surprised by the nachos. When they came out they looked small, but the handmade chips were topped with chicken, chorizo, beans and cheese and served with sides of delicious salsa, guac and sour cream. Yum. The chorizo was perfect: not greasy, just full of flavor. 
Our tacos were also delish. Stuffed full of fresh ingredients and served on homemade corn tortillas. Surprisingly, I found the chicken to be a bit more flavorful than the fish, but both were good. So, our "light meal" turned into a pig-out fest. We both left sooo full, but quite happy.
And, because the margaritas were soooo tasty, we each got one more. Carrot-lime for her and regular lime for me. My lime tasted like the traditional margarita you find at most restaurants, but we both loved the fresh hint of carrot in hers. We liked it so much in fact, that we went back the next day and got two more in takeout cups to sip while we wandered the French Market. 
This place is definitely on my must-hit list for future trips to the Big Easy.Stuffed poblano pepper topped with pulled pork among the best meals I've enjoyed in the French Quarter. I live here so have am familiar with most restaurants. El Gato Negro is a rare find in the sea of mediocre places in the tourist district alongside the French Market.This place saved our gluten free butts in New Orleans.  We went a few times during vacation and we'll go back again when we're back in town.  Great selection, awesome salsa, delicious table side guacamole, and pineapple cilantro margaritas to die for.  The sampler platter and the filet tacos are amazing!!!I ordered a fish burrito. The service was excellent, but I was not as pleased with my food. My fish burrito had fish, rice, and beans that were overly fried. There was so much grease in the burrito that the burrito was dripping with it at both ends. Even the tortilla itself was a little transparent. Based on this item alone, I will not be coming back any time soon.The food was good but there was a charge for everything. There's a charge for more chips, for lettuce, etc. and the drinks were good but expensive for the atmosphere and restaurant quality.More like 4.5 stars!! Visiting from Florida, and looking for some authentic Mexican food in NOLA.  Let me tell you, I was not disappointed!!! This place is so good. The food is seasoned to perfection, and tastes excellent. Our server was great, and very attentive. Prices were affordable. The only critique I have is the fact that the restaurant is really small, and probably not ideal for larger parties. I definitely will return on my next trip to NOLA.Awesome place! if you you are not planning to try baked avocados, know that you are missing out! 
I liked El Gato Negro a lot - may be that is an eternal love for Mexican food... I have to admit that I've been to hundreds of Mexican restaurants, and this one stands out to me. Next time I am in New Orleans, I definitely will pay a visit to this fun place.Very small and crowded, be prepared to wait. BUT, once you're seated, the food is great! The chorizo sauce that's on their burritos, is the best thing ever. The major downside is that it's hot...I'm not sure if there's no AC or it just doesn't work well, but it's like an inferno in there. I only ate a third of my dinner when the heat started getting to me and I started feeling ill. On super hot days, get your food to go.Probably the best Mexican food in the city.  I found it to be as close to authentic Mexican as it gets, and they make the best margaritas!  Was there for lunch recently and the owner was sitting next to us trying out new dishes with the chef, which he let us try....and they were all DELICIOUS!
The fajitas are amazing (at least the beef ones which is what I always get).  The dish is enough to share with another person and have leftovers.  Unlike other restaurants in the city that also do fajitas, El Gato Negro gives you a TON of sauteed veggies which is a big plus for me.  In addition to the traditional onions and peppers, you also get mushrooms (omg sooo good), green onions, and multi-colored bell peppers.  
The guacamole is made table side with perfectly ripe avocados and pico, also sooo good.   My only complaint is that it really is pricey for Mexican and I attribute that to the quality of ingredients and also the location, which is sort of tourist trap-y....but you absolutely get what you pay for.Holy crap this place is amazing!
Best guacamole I've ever had - they make it at your table. It's ten dollars, but worth every cent-- get it! 
Their margaritas are incredible. They have different flavors,such as orange, strawberry, pineapple, etc.-- definintely get one!
We split the fajitas-- not kidding, some of the best I've ever had. 
I absolutely LOVE Mexican food, and Nola is really hurting in this area, but this place makes up for every other bad place! 
We will definitely return!!Gluten free! Great flavors and most everything is gluten free. Rice could stand to be a little moist. It was pretty dry. Service is great. In the French Quarter. Highly recommend!I love Mexican food. And this place was stumbled upon while doing some afternoon shopping. We went in and we're not disappointed. The food was phenomenal and the service was stellar. I got the catch of the day taco and steak with a side of rice and beans and it was he perfect amount of food. I also had the spicy margarita. It was my favorite drink in NOLA. Our waitress Maria was wonderful. The plus side is we it free chips and salsa. I think that's a must at a Mexican place. This was great. I highly recommend. I was there on New Year's Eve.I was really looking forward to this place since I have been on a quest for authentic Mexican food.
We each got a different type of taco which was pretty good. 
Rule of thumb Mexican restaurants...beans rice salsa are supposed to be Free!!!  The tacos came out with nothing but tortilla and meat. Had to pay extra for pico, cheese, etc. Ugh get it together... 
Great margaritas though :)
I'll keep looking...Don't get me wrong, the margaritas are amazing, but me and my two friends all just got sick after eating there. So beware.My husband saw queso fondito on the menu as we were walking by so we went right inside. It's one of his favorite dishes- especially at one of our local restaurants. We sat down and were immediately greeted by a nice waiter whose name is escaping me right now. The chips and salsa were pretty good. We ordered some guacamole which was made table side and a mixed grill and a skirt steak quesadilla. I really liked my mixed grill- great flavor especially the skirt steak. My husband's steak was a little over cooked/ dry for his liking. Overall things were A OK.Not the best Mexican food I have ever had but it really hit the spot. The service was fast and friendly. The restaurant was nice and toasty which I appreciated because it was really chilly out. And through yelp I got a discount for a margarita. I had the El Trio enchiladas and it was a little cheesy but otherwise good.Coming from California I've had my share of Mexican food and this might have been the best I've ever had!  Raspberry margaritas were awesome, chicken burrito was extremely flavorful, fresh guacamole being made in front of you was great, and the chips / salsa were super tasty!  Wish I would have tried this before my last day in Nola... would have eaten here multiple times!It's been ages since I've been here and it's changed.  It's still just another Mexican place to me but now it's more expensive.  I ordered a lobster taco.  It had 4 small chunks of lobster and a whole lotta shell.  Unlike the pork taco my companion ordered which was overflowing with pork.  Also, I ordered a side of sliced avocado.  It was covered in their "Mexican" seasonings which I've come to the conclusion is a Latin version of Tony Chachere's.  Not a big fan.  The thing that really gets me is they upcharge on everything.  Yes, even lettuce and tomatoes!!  My $7.75 taco went up to $10.00.  Mind you with its small 4 chunks of lobster.  Come on.  My companion said they could have cooked this meal at home for us.  I totally agree.  I ordered the sangria.  It was all fruit.  Barely any wine.  Again, it's how they save money.  It looked pretty. 
The dining area is way too cramped. Other patrons would have to squeeze by me.  There was no way around them bumping either me or my chair.  It had been raining.  So if I got bumped I also got wet. 
Service was the best part about the experience.  I gave it an extra star for that.  I will say this, it's MUCH better than Felipe's.Good quality, well-mde with fresh ingredients.  Does not use the typical sugary sauces many Mexican restaurants prefer.  Superb and creative margaritas.  Quiet and cool atmosphere just off the French Market.  This place takes some effort to find, but it is worth it.  One of my favorite casual places in the French Quarter.  Quick seating and attentive, knowledgeable service.  This place feels like an oasis and refuge from the heat and the inebriated crowds.  Food is lighter than most French Quarter fare.Convenient location, close to the street car and many shops and bars. The food was good, fairly standard Mexican food but certainly tasty. Nice decor and casual atmosphere!Sorry but the Lakeview location REALLY out shined this one for me.  I have been to both locations and the service and quality of food, to me, are better found in Lakeview.   The chips did not taste fresh at all, even a bit on the stale side, the salsa was a bland very watery version of what you would get at the other location.  The margies were still good.   The portion sizes were considerably smaller here and the beans had way to much salt for my liking.  
The staff also seemed to be fitting a much more "quarter" mentality of you will get it when you get it, and treating people like annoying tourists.  I think the 4 star reviews are mainly just for the people who come to partake in the drinks which are good.  However, we didn't come here to get drunk, we came to have a nice meal.
After frequenting the other location it was really a let down of overall quality in comparison.   It's really a shame because I had really high expectations coming from the other location and now I see why the reviews for this one are very hit and miss.  If you like this locations offerings, you will LOVE their Lakeview location!Great food! Everything was prepared from scratch! Fabulous margaritas and guacamole! Great service as well!Meh. That's all I can really think of when trying to describe my food. The chicken burrito along with the beans, rice and tamales were pretty bland, even by New Orleans Mexican food standards. My guy ordered the filet mignon tacos, which sounded good. One question though, if you're going to char the crap out of the meat is there really any purpose of serving filet? I mean, I am a big carnivore and I would like it to taste the meat I'm eating. 
 Now the drinks are very very good, maybe a bit pricey for a standard margarita but get a top shelf one and it is guaranteed to put you in a happy place. If somebody you know insists on going here just get a few shots of tequila (which they do have some nice brands), guacamole and house salsa. The guac and salsa are good and with the tequila you won't care anyways.El Gato Negro
Since others are complaining because this is not CA, I feel compelled to give my creds.  I lived for years less than 2 miles from the Mexican Border.  My grannie was Fernandez & my wife is Rodriguez.  I have travelled all over Mexico for over 50 years.  My father-in-law was a "Mojado" from Tampico.
EGN is real Mexican fare, not CA or TexMex.  Juanito, the owner, is a real Mexican.  The shrimp coctail or ceviche or whatever it is called this week, is pure Vera Cruz !  The tacos are Gulf Coast / Yucatan style.
It can get very crowded.  Restroom floors may be slippery.  Parking is zero.
But, the food and drinks are GREAT ! I say so !
If you want more authentic, you have to go to Tamaulipas
RickThis restaurant is so delicious!!! My first experience with this restaurant was at the French Quarter location. They had great service and the food was to die for. The table side guacamole was so fresh and good. I ordered quesadillas with pulled pork and they melted in my mouth. I then tried the location on Harrison street, and it was equally as good. Never had any problems with this chain. Absolutely love the food and environment!!!!We came across this restaurant tonight when we were looking for a restaurant with vegan options. Literally the BEST Mexican food I've ever eaten! I had the gulf shrimp burrito and it was delicious. Excellent service by all the staff. The owner came to our table a few times to chat and see how we were enjoying our food. I highly recommend this place!! Raspberry margarita -This place was amazing! The food was served very fast and the pork tacos were great.  They make their own tortillas which really kicks up the taco and the guacamole was made from 2 avocados so it was a very generous portion.  I ordered the pineapple cilantro margarita and when I made an off hand comment that I couldn't taste the cilantro but that it was still good, the waiter made me a whole new cocktail without me even asking. Definitely the most attentive waiter I have had in years.
If you get a cocktail get the apocalypto rum.  Super smooth- I bought a bottle from a liquor store immediately after because it was that good.Lobster tacos!  Table service guac!  Good margaritas that could be stronger.  Nice small courtyard.YUM YUM YUM. Stopped in here about a half an hour before El Gato Negro closed.. I was a bit nervous as I saw some cockroaches running around outside and usually with it being close to closing time, you get the older food. BUT, this place offered scrumptious margaritas and the most delicious spanish food I have ever had. I also really enjoyed reading the family history and how the business got started. It is a REALLY AWESOME read, and I recommend that if you don't stop in to eat, at least read the history and said friends to grab some good grub here.While in New Orleans, I was in search for some home-style Mexican food and came across "El Gato Negro" in the French Market Place.  Being from California where there is an abundance of great Mexican restaurants,  I was a bit skeptical and expected to have a dull, bland meal.   Pleasantly surprised,  El Gato Negro proved me wrong!   The sizzling grilled skirt steak fajitas were tender and flavorful! And so delicious!   And no better drink to wash down this meal with a refreshing pineapple cilantro margarita!   So yummy that I had to take one to go!  Gotta LOVE NOLA for allowing me to parade down the French Quarter with a drink in hand!!!!!  During the end of my trip, I decided to go back and do take out but unfortunately they don't offer take out for food but no problem "taking out" a margarita!!!!   Gotta love this place- no other place in the world like New Orleans- NO to take out food but YES to take out liquor!This is for sure one of my favorite stops in the quarter. as a vegan, they have great options, fresh food, and the BEST part.. they make fresh juice margaritas using agave and El Jimador as their house tequila.Pretty pricey but shrimp taco was good but for almost $6 a taco I wish I got more then onions and tomatoes a little sauce or lettuce would have been nice but it was decentMargaritas!! My husband and I always stop in on out French Quarter outings. Love the fajitas!!I HATE cilantro! I think it taste like bugs. My grandma hates cilantro too. I love Mexican food though. How does one cope...when cilantro is a main part of every  dish?!? I will tell you! You suck it up and bite every burrito with anger, until you fall in love with cilantro. That's right you're gonna fall in love with cilantro. Here's the first step! Order the cilantro pineapple margarita! Pay the price; it is worth it! Stare at the decor and sip on that drink. Look at the Jesus picture on the wall for strength if you must!  Then guzzle that drink and taste your new found love for cilantro.  Welcome home friend you now can join the cilantro love club. 
Do it! This drink changed my life. Forgive me cilantro you are a beautiful herb. 
Also order the stuffed pepper and prepared to be stuffed with cheesy goodness. Ugh if I could give birth to one food item it would be that pepper. So good. Yum yum yum!The pulled pork burrito is delicious and huge.  Your first serving of chips and salsa is free; you have to pay for extra.  The pineapple cilantro margarita is yummy, but it comes with too much ice.
The atmosphere could use some improvement.  It's small, sweaty, and crowded.  If you aren't a big fan of personal space, this is the place for you.Food was "ok", didn't expect too much for Mexican cuisine in Nola given I'm from California, so it "met" expectations. Chips tasted a bit stale. The guacamole was definitely my favorite part and was quite tasty, if only the chips had been better. Service definitely could have been more attentive. Lots of staff but no-one ever refilled chips or salsa, and they took forever to take our food order even though there were only two other tables. 
The worst thing was I had booked online on open table- direct through the restaurants own website. Their website does not specify for you to choose a location. I went to the one on French Market plaza not knowing they have another location about a mile away. When we arrived (5 people and my dads 60th birthday) I told them I had a reservation and they did not question me or tell me I did not have one. About 10-15 mins later I got a call asking where I was and I told them "uh, I'm here already sitting at the table?" and he said oh you must be at our other location that does *not* take reservations. I said ok sorry, I didn't know there was more than one. He was like no problem. Then I get home to an email from open table chapping me for my "no-show." I've never no showed for a reservation and they shouldn't mark me as a no show if their website doesn't allow you to select a location and if they have several within a walking radius- this must happen all the time. When I checked in they should have also mentioned that I must be at the wrong location if they don't take reservations there. Another disappointment was even though we mentioned it was my dads 60th there was no recognition or anything special. Again, not like I expected anything but a 60th is a pretty big deal. The last straw was that I had broken my leg and was in a wheel chair, obviously struggling with it. A staff member who appeared to be a manager or one of the servers was right by the door when we left and didn't even try to help us hold the door open for me to leave. Overall everything in its entirety added up to a less than enjoyable experience for food and service that wasn't comparable to the price charged.My wife and I split the Stuffed Avocado appetizer (comes w/ shrimp, onion, tomato, mushroom, cilantro in a chimchurri sauce) and it was quite tasty! The avocado was very fresh and the shrimp was perfect, this dish comes highly recommended on the menu.
We also had the aged skirt steak burrito which comes w/ rice and pinto beans inside, sour cream and guacamole on the side, topped with a chorizo salsa. It was very good, probably some of the best skirt steak in NOLA! 
My only reserve about this place is they seem to charge you for just about everything! I would have ordered some tacos but EACH topping (lettuce, cheese, tomato, salsas, etc.) costs anywhere from $0.50-$1.75 extra! So on top of the taco meat by itself (which ranges from $3.75-$7.75) you could end up paying over $10 for just one taco! 
Oh and savor the first round of chips & salsa (it's on them!) If you want a second round it's gna be $3.75.This is the place for seasonal fresh margaritas, mojitos and Mexican beers!!  I used the Yelp coupon for my margarita to go!! 
Tables side guacamole is so delicious, it is finger licking good!!  Love the grilled shrimp taco, one is filling (after the guacamole).During my visit to New Orleans, I ate here twice. The food is absolutely great. The service is one of the better experiences that I've had while in NOLA. (Although, not the quickest) To make up for less than desirable service, they give you a rather large drink. [Which is a good thing]
The food is great, and they don't give off the vibe that they get annoyed about dinners consuming mostly chips with their meal. [The first thing of chips is free, then its $2 afterwards]. The salsa and guacamole is spot on and adds to the dish or chips. 
The tortilla used on the burrito is also amazing. I can't complain, and I would love to see this place in Charlotte someday. 
The only thing potently concerning about this place is that it looks like its in a very touristy market area. But, it doesn't cater to tourists. It caters to people that are hungry and that like to eat tasty food.Seriously not that great!!
I ordered the steak burrito, & my wife got the combo plate, we both felt we were missing something when our plates arrived.
Her quesadillas were flat, with barely anything in them. She did however enjoy her chicken/cheese enchiladas.
My burrito was however horrible. I've seen more steak in a taco-bell burrito. I feel ripped off. The burrito was mostly filled w/ beans & rice, I'm seriously not happy. 
Makes me appreciate the Mexican restaurants back home more.
Well at least the margaritas were good.This place is awesome. The manager Jorge always makes sure that we are well taken care of.The food and atmosphere was terrific. I can see it could get a bit too close for comfort if they were packed, but We happened upon the place (after reading several reviews) on a Monday night. The food was tasty and satisfying. The pineapple and cilantro marg was absolutely to die for! Be sure to check this place out next time you are hankering for Mexican in the big easy!We stopped in for a Margarita-to-go to kickstart our day in the French Quarter. No matter the location, El Gato Negro makes the best Margaritas, hands down. They offer traditional ritas as well as some of the most creative ones you'll come across. I'm a fan of the Blood of the Devil, but the Pinapple Cilantro is also a great choice. To top it off, the staff was friendly and helpful. If you check in on Yelp, they'll also give you an upgrade on the Tequila. I would highly recommend this French Quarter gem.
Upon return for a meal, the cuisine did not disappoint. I ordered the dinner sampler to get a taste of it all. Everything was deliciously Mexican. My recommendation still stands!Tonight was the worst experience I have ever had at a restuarant in New Orleans actually anywhere. Our party if six was seated immediately. 25 minutes later a server appearred to take our drink order.  10 minutes later drinks arrived. Server took our dinner order. Everyone ordered tacos. Simple enough. Our food arrived 45 minutes later.  For 45 munutes we never saw our server. We never had our waters refilled or bar drinks. When our food arrived we asked our server to bring our sides and to please not leave and serve another table. We had somewhere to be in 10 minutes and we had been there almost 1 1/2 hours without real service. She brought to go boxes and badgered our table with comments that she was in a hurry for us to leave. She then addressed my daughters and said something ugly about us. I asked her manager to come over. He offered Flan. She then came back and again verbally assaulted our table. Sadly this was one of our favorite Mexican places in New Orleans but because of poor management and disrespectful staff we will no longer be able to reccomend them to friends. A real shame. One star is too high today.Stumbled upon this place while visiting from Texas. This is not Tex-Mex like I'm used to but this place was awesome. Chips and salsa were amazing. The waitress was extremely helpful helping us find vegetarian dishes. I went with the veggie quesadilla thinking it would have the typical tomato, onion, bell peppers, etc. inside but it had stuff like squash, mushrooms, and carrots. Sounds weird, looked kinda weird, but the first bite had me sold. I HATE mushrooms but didn't mind theirs at all. I was eating just the veggies out of the cheese and tortilla they were so good. They also have the open kitchen so you know your food is fresh. This place was a gem to find.My boyfriend walked in about 3:50 pm with no other tables in the restaurant which was perfect because we just wanted to eat and go- so no tables must mean food will come out quickly yes? Our first server was sure to mention immediately that it was almost shift change and that someone else would be taking over soon. Ok then. We order the fajitas within 5 minutes of sitting. First I didn't really notice BC we were talking but then I looked over to the kitchen and realized no one was cooking our stuff. I understand that it was shift change- but COME ON, GET IT TOGETHER STAFF, YOU STILL HAVE CUSTOMERS. The most awkward thing in the world as a server is to look at your table who is looking around wondering, "where the f*** is our food we are the only people in here?!" Its hard to not get mad at the server bc you want to ask them "why arent you making sure our food is being cooked?! Or did the 'first' server forget to put in our order bc he was too busy trying to get out of there?" Well we ended up getting it.. Almost 25 minutes and several apologies later- they probably heard me rambling about the wait. The chicken was very tasty, it was perfectly juicy and had a great seasoning on it and the mixed veggies were great too. The second server continued to apologize and even brought us a complimentary dessert which was a nice and redeeming gesture. So I'm giving 3 stars BC the food was good and the service was ok. But really, it shouldn't matter if  its break time or shift change, your grill is visible to customers and when its obvious no one is making their food well now,  that can get pretty sticky.  I also just had this thought... I wonder how many complimentary desserts are given out around 4  pm for this same reason?YUM!!!  This place was the perfect meal.  Located right across from the market, with most of the seating indoors, although it does include 2 outdoor tables.  We sat down and quickly received our drinks which was the perfect way to start off lunch.  I ordered the pineapple cilantro margarita, although there was a bit too much cilantro to sift through.  
Our lunches were delish!  My husband and I shared the chicken enchiladas (my favorite - served with real hunks of chicken instead of shredded meat like back home) and the tamales (a bit too dry for our liking).  The dishes are served with a side of chunky mango salsa (yum!).  We would definitely come back again!Whenever I'm craving a great Mexican meal while in the Quater El Gato Negro is where I head.  This is a great place for a couple to dine in.  It's small and cramped, but the quality they provide is spot on.DELICIOUS DELICIOUS Cilantro/pineapple margarita!!!  Just what I have been looking for and the Shrimp Fajitas were excellent.  The wait staff well, she was quite snippy but who cares with a drink that good!Yeah, I know, a Mexican place in the French Quarter??? We were apprehensive but decided to give it a try. We were pleasantly surprised.
The food is fresh and isn't cooked until you place your order. Portions are very large. The wait staff were very friendly and helpful.
They have a very large tequila and beer selection.
We ordered a tamale plate and the chicken breast enchilada plate. Both dishes were great!!Walked into the restaurant after a nice walk around Jackson square and needed my Mex    Craving for cocktail and salsa & chip fix. And Boy did they deliver! After using the check in upgrade to their top-self margarita, which they allowed my wife to get also( Supercool) and double rounds of chips, We where pretty full. So we decided to share a plate order. Food was good but alittle salty for our taste thus the 4 stars.. Besides that get your fix!Overpriced and shady billing practice for subpar food.
This Mexican restaurant charges for each serving of chips and salsa. Their menu items are priced twice as much as they should be and come in small, stingy portions. The special margarita was 12 dollars for a small 8 oz drink full of ice. Soggy tortillas. Minimal meat and other ingredients in their food. This place is like that Subway that puts 4 olives on your foot long sandwich. They also mandate one check, one credit card per table. Way to stretch out that ATM revenue! 5$ for an ATM draw, in-house. Very shady business that doesn't make their money from good food! Sad!The margaritas were tasty....but that's where the fun ends!  My sister recommended this place and since she's usually right on...my boyfriend and I tried it out one Sunday afternoon.
Maybe I'm just a Mexican cusine snob after having lived in California for 9 years but I was not happy with this experience.  And truth be told...I can't be too much of a snob because I happily ate at fine dining Mexican restaurants all the way down to taco trucks in Cali.  So I'm pretty open when it comes to new Mexican spots.  
Loved the environment of El Gato Negro.  It's cute and quaint and the staff was very friendly but the food really left much to be desired.  We started with the queso.  It wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't clumpy.  Just too thick to really enjoy.  
Like I said earlier..the margarita was tasty but didn't have enough alcohol to create the sightest buzz.  That's dissapointing considering it was a $14 margarita!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I ordered a burrito and was so disappointed.  Oversized...fine but I couldn't even consider picking it up.  There was some sauce over it and the only way I could even think to eat it was with a fork and knife.  That wouldn't have been so bad if I actually enjoyed it but I didn't.  Sorry to say it was not very good and sat on my stomach the rest of the day.  
I'm being generous with my comments.  My boyfriend HATED it and couldn't stop talking about how much he did!!
I hate to give an unflattering review but thought you might want to knowFood is meh. I like the sauces and the preparation, but flavor is clearly lacking. It's mostly bland with an overpowering salsa. My steak that was ordered medium rare came out fully cooked and with more salt than I can handle.I've lived in Texas, New Mexico and California and experienced all kinds of Mexican food, I'm somewhat of an authority on the subject. This place is legit. The table side guacamole is fantastic and the  chorizo tacos stand on their own. Highly recommend if your looking for good Mexican food and margaritas.This is the best authentic Mexican food in the city, outside of the taco truck that isMy wife could not survive seven whole days without Mexican food so we wandered into this place. Authentic Mexican food with a few local twists. The queso -with crawfish - was some of the best I've had ANYWHERE. The orange/oregano salsa was a nice sweet salsa that goes nicely on ANY seafood dish. The mol burrito was large, well prepared and tasty. Definitely a sweet chocolaty version of mol - but very good. The margaritas were fresh and went down too easily. All at a fairly reasonable price (for NOLA).Some of the worst Enchiladas I have ever had. Having been to multiple cities in Mexico and all around the United States, I can easily say the food here is not authentic. Try a margarita, but skip the food.This place is awsome. Huge meals. We ordered the guacamole and a fajitas to share. Had to take home in a doggy bag. 
Love that it is has gluten free options. Staff were attentive, friendly and helpful.The best mexican food restaurant in the city!  I have said it before, but I eat out a lot and this is one of my new favorites.  I have eaten here four times over the past two months and had something different each time... ALWAYS amazing food, service, and overall experience!  Nothing else to say about it -eat here, you won't be disappointed!
OH, if you want the freshest guacamole in town this is the place to go;  your waiter makes it at your table!!  
Pure Awesomeness!The tamales and tacos were very good. Chips were nice and crunchy and the salsa has a nice spice without being over powering. The reason for the 4 was that the rice and beans tasted like an after thought. My suggestion would be to either change the sides to something more authentic or change the beans and rice!! Our second time here and we will be back again. Our waitress was very helpful and friendly!This place has amazing margaritas for a very decent price.  And if you check in on your phone you get an upgrade to top shelf!  At a great spot across from the french market.  Grab a drink and walk around, it's fun!We love this place! It has been such a favorite for us since the early 00s. Delicious fresh food with outstanding margaritas. And even as it has become popular and busy, the quality is still there. The new manager is vivacious and brings a welcome influence to the team.we stopped in for dinner the other night.  i had never been here, so i wanted to give it a try.  it had a very small dining room, which was full, so we sat in the "courtyard".  service was very slow considering four people at my table ordered quesadillas, and two people ordered tacos.  seems like a simple enough order.  it took almost an hour to get our food.  the food was ok, but WAY overpriced in my opinion (11 bucks for a tiny quesadilla with a dab of refried beans and a dab of rice).  our meal was nearly a hundred dollars.  maybe we should have had water instead of the 3 dollar sodas and 7 dollar margarita.  the margarita was good, but nothing to get excited about (definitely needed more salt on the rim too).  over all, we were kind of dissapointed by this place.  
not to say that other menu items aren't super tasty - maybe they are.  and maybe it isn't such a big deal for other folks to drop a bunch of money on some mexican food - but as for me, i might just hit up the taco truck next time around.  that stuff is authentic too.  and good.  and cheap.  no margaritas though :(The food was delicious! We split a plate of fajitas. So good! Joseph was a greater waiter!  He took great care of us!  Thanks for the complimentary flan. It was delicious. Make sure and try it!My sister is gluten free, and this place, is by far, the best dining we have here in New Orleans. Sabra, our server, was more than accommodating, and took exquisite care of us, especially in regards to the gluten free diet. I had the table side guac, combo platter, and top shelf blueberry marg. All spectacular. Great place!When I was living in the quarter, El Gato Negro was a staple for me. I never met a dish there that I didn't love. Everything from chorizo tacos to chicken enchiladas, all served fresh and hot and oh-so-yummy. I am also completely and utterly addicted to their Mojitos (pineapple and raspberry being my favorites). I love you El Gato Negro! lolWe have gotten margaritas here before but finally came in for a sit down meal. The poblano pepper was inedible due to the slab of thick, solid cheese. It was covered in mushrooms and 2 types of sauce and was also way too salty. The burrito was covered in the same red salsa that comes with the chips. I don't have to tell you what salsa does to a flour tortilla. I'll go back for a margarita to go but won't eat here again.so small and crowded it was uncomfortable for our table of 5, but after 3 AMAZING pineapple margaritas, I didnt mind...but then the food came pretty late and everything was very very salty...AND it was my birthday and I can honestly say I didnt expect anything, but looking back over the past cough 21 cough years, there's always been a lil special treatment for tables with a birthday girl...but not tonight. I will give it another go tho, perhaps it just wasnt a good night for them.I really like El Gato Negro on Harrison. It's small,  but intimate and the staff are awesome. If you feel like springing for it,  ask for the El Jeffe Margarita. It's expensive,  but so worth it. They make it table side with all fresh ingredients. 
Ask about the Eggplant Oaxaca. It's not on the menu,  but it's great. Eggplant base with melted cheese,  vegetables and chicken on top. 
I love this place.Not the best Mexican food I've had, and the service was pathetic. Almost all of the Mexican food I've had in Texas is better.  The food prices were high for the area, and the drink prices were worse.The food was ok for me, my tastes are ....The fish taco was great but the brisket taco was more like roast beef and way too salty.  The tamale my son got was great as well   The  service was good 
The fact that they charge for lettuce is a little ridiculous but they seem pretty steady and they did add on to the restaurant and they have a small parking lot across the street.  C class Mexican restaurant.Fresh hot chips with house-made salsa, guacamole made table-side and a delicious tomatillo salsa started our meal. Then I ordered the best fish taco I have ever eaten. Tilapia (of which I am normally not a fan of this relatively flavorless fish) seasoned with sea salt, granulated onion, pepper and paparika (might be missing an ingredient or two) on  a house-made corn tortillas was the bomb. The margaritas, however, were ok. They said it was made with fresh-squeezed juices. However, they had the very sweet taste of being made with a mix. 
Nevertheless, if you're in NOLA and understandably pigging out on the delicious Cajun or Creole food, El Gato Negro is a very nice break. I highly recommend this place.Visited for dinner after long time since the restaurant was closed for renovations. It's much bigger and has spacious bar area. The decor remains loyal to the theme from when we started eating there. The drinks are good and mid to high priced for the area. We enjoyed the traditional chips and salsa adding the cheese dip which was to die for. The food was excellent especially the fish drum. The other dishes were fresh and everyone enjoyed them. The only complaint was the lack of dessert choices and had to order cheese extra for the dinner entrees. Also when it came to paying we asked to split evenly amongst all parties. We we're told we could only use 2 cards per ticket. Thank goodness I'd been to the bank for cash the day before so I was able to pay half with cash. I'd never seen that in all my eating out in New Orleans but it will likely restrict us visiting with more than one other party. Lastly they were training a lot of new people so it was confusing who was doing what.Drinks:
Mexican's obviously about margaritas so three words- Pineapple. Cadillac. Cruz. It was amaze! Not too weak. Not too sweet. Not too tart. 
Foodwise:
Shrimp fajitas- yum! Healthy portions & great flavor
Service:
Lacking. Like downgrade by two stars lacking... Hard to eat without place settings- which could've been quickly remedies had it not been for the infrequent check ins.
Unfortunately, poor service is the main thing keeping this place from truly shining. 
Comparison:
Juan's Flying Burrito is clearly continuing to dominate the Mexican market, but I might walk into this place if I lived nearby.I would rate it three and a half if I could, but the price kept it from getting a full four stars.  The guacamole was delicious indeed.  The avocados were perfectly ripe and the jalapenos added a very nice kick.  I got two tacos (at $3.75/piece) and then had to pay extra for cheese and pico.  The portions were great, though and next time I will just order one taco.  The refried beans were creamy and perfectly seasoned.  I will definitely go back again, but will order less food next time.I hadn't been to El Gato Negro in a while and had never been to the Lakeview location. So we decided to go since I used to love the pulled pork quesadillas. Well they've decided to change them and now they are nothing special. No more poblano peppers. Something else is missing but I'm not sure what. But what used to be something unique and flavorful is now just bland. The beans... Used to be great.. Now bland. I even used to like the rice but now it has some odd flavor. What a disappointment. :-(LOVE the ceviche and cheese and chorizo dip with tortillas. Both pretty decent size servings.After dining at the location in the Quarter and being somewhat impressed with the table-side construction of guacamole and the cheese enchiladas I had for lunch, my friend and I were sure the Lakeview location of El Gato Negro would be fine.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  The table side guacamole at the Quarter location wasn't anything that special.  It was $10 and I make better guacamole at home. Therefore, we decided against ordering it at the Lakeview location. To be honest, if we were to order it I have no earthly idea where they would prepare it because the two-tops were so close together, we basically made friends with our neighboring diners (as much as one can make friends with strangers in awkward restaurant seating placement).  The point is there was no way the server could have brought out  the cart, placed it adjacent to our table,  and performed the magic that is table-side guacamole construction.  We decided on the Queso which for me was a mistake.  I should have asked if there was chorizo in it or not but I didn't and was disappointed when I found hunks of meat in the cheese.
The restaurant is smaller than my first apartment in Uptown New Orleans.  The decor was nothing fancy and was pretty pathetic compared to the Quarter location.  While the location downtown is modern, warehouse/industrial, and sort of chic, the Lakeview location is a house (verging on a dump) with low ceilings and cramped tables in the dining room.  It also had that chaotic feeling some restaurants get for different reasons.
Onto the food.  My friend and I both had soft tacos..  She had 1 shrimp and 1 chicken while I had two shrimp tacos.  The tacos come with shrimp and a tortilla.  You must order whatever you want on them such as: tomatoes, lettuce, sour cream, etc.  Fine. Except the shrimp wasn't seasoned to my satisfaction, nor to my friend's.  She said the chicken was overly peppered and inedible.
To be honest, I really don't care if El Gato Negro gets their act together or not.  I won't be going back.  There are too many other (more fabulous) Mexican restaurants in our area that are less expensive and the food is way better than at that black cat's.
Side note - the service was wonderful.This is my FAVORITE restaurant here as far as Mexican food goes. Great friendly, fast service. Homemade guacamole is delicious and so worth it. My favorite is the chicken enchiladas. So good, cheesy and HUGE servings.When you walk into this place you automatically get hungry. It smells delicious. 
As you've read in the other reviews the margaritas are of course fantastic, we ordered the Devil (spicy) and the Pineapple, Cilantro and Lime Margaritas. Both were must haves. 
The queso fundido was ok. Its a little too velveeta cheese for me but my boyfriend liked it a lot. We ordered the bison burrito and the pulled pork tamales. Both were delicious and full of flavor. The tortilla of the burrito had a little sweetness which balanced out the burrito. 
The meal was great. It was a good neighborhood restaurant for a casual saturday night. The only not so great thing is that it is very loud.I always preferred the food at El Gato over the competition down the street and really looked forward to taking my whole family there one y'all expanded. We had two families with us and lots of kids. The hostess guessed the wait time, told us there was no where for us to stand and made us feel completely awkward. Needless to say we left and had a fabulous time at Velvet Cactus. They were very accommodating and friendly, even with our group of six kids! We won't be going back to El Gato Negro because we were basically shamed for bringing such a large group... mind you, they just expanded!!Great food, excellent ambiance, and fantastic service. I usually always get the aged skirt steak burrito but tonight I decided to try the mixed grill. It was outstanding. We will definitely be back in the near future!El Delicious
Wife and I decided to eat dinner here and I ordered the eggplant special which was tomato cream sauce with chicken pieces, mushrooms and shrimp topped with a grilled Mexican cheese over a special Mexican variety eggplant. It was outstanding. Wife got the beef Quesada and it too was delicious. Meat was tender and flavorful. We also order the table prepared guacamole which was perhaps the best I have had. Don't miss it.this location has some bad juju but el gato negro has the food to make it here.  the decor is a little lacking, the tables are small but the food is the shinning jem in this joint.
menu is pretty simple and easy to navigate
the chips and salsa were normal, salsa was decent
the ceviche was prepared table side and was delicious.
sangria was tasty
quasadilla's were huge. you only get 4 small peices for lunch with beans and rice, but they are over flowing with veggies and the shrimp dilla's had enough shrimp for a half a poboy.
i had the shredded chicken enchiladas and they were delicious and fresh.
all entrees came with re-fried beans and yellow rice, which was good.
all in all the service was good, the interior could use a little work but the food was excellent, in good portion size and came out fast.I absolutely love this place. If you are looking for a relaxing, feel good evening, this is the place to go. In my many visits to el gato, I've tried everything from the queso & guac, to the tacos, quesadillas, enchiladas, and flan dessert. The food is very good, and joined with the atmosphere, you feel right at home. But to be honest, the drinks are my favorite part. They have THE BEST pineapple cilantro margarita in the city. And it's made from scratch  The carrot margarita, interestingly enough, is also delicious. You can make any margarita you'd like, using any tequila you want. I definitely recommend checking this cute little place out!Is this place a joke? There was nothing Mexican at all about my salmon salad and my boyfriend's burrito was gelatinous and bland. The guacamole is the only reason this place gets two stars instead of one, but it will set you back TEN FREAKING DOLLARS. 
Honestly though, the most offensive thing about this place is the wall-to-wall carpeting. The restaurant looks more like a daycare center than a place to eat.The food definitely gets the highest marks! I had chicken tacos with rice and beans and, even though I was stuffed, I had to eat it all! The chicken tacos came with grilled chicken breast that was perfectly cooked and for an extra $1.75 I added chihuahua (sp?) cheese. Everyone else that I went with loved their dishes- the only complaint that they had was that the guacamole was a little bland. I, on the other hand, liked the guacamole and I don't even normally like guac! The queso dip was fabulous as well!
I love the location of the original restaurant, but this place is sooooo tiny! We waited a little over 1/2 hour and it was crowded, but I couldn't imagine how long we would have had to wait had there been more than a few groups ahead of us. Plus, when we went to grab a drink while we waited, I nearly knocked down several bottles of tequila because the bar was so cramped! The last sadness I had here was that there were no frozen margaritas-- just on the rocks :(Hmmm, I can't wait to eat El Gato Negro again. On a Saturday night, I don't know what my coworkers and I were thinking when we stopped at The Velvet Cactus without reservations - they were slammed. We still wanted Mexican so took our chance with El Gato and my, what a great choice. For one, we didn't have to wait that long. We called before we left VC and made reservations for 7.. As soon as we got there, we were seated! Love already.
For drinks, I ordered a pineapple cilantro margarita - and I have to say that it was soooo refreshing I had to order seconds! For those who like a different kick in flavors, try the pineapple cilantro margarita. I think we ordered a treo appetizer which name I don't remember but it was a sample of a couple different things. I liked the options; It reminds me of chain restaurants but with much much better quality. I proceeded to order two tacos - one shrimp and one chicken. with lettuce, cheese, and habanero sauce.. And I guess this is where I went wrong. I added WAY too much habanero sauce on my tacos and they were so spicy I think I took two bites out of each. I guess at that point I kind of felt like my appetite was ruined because I couldn't finish it :insert sad face: BUT, I know that the tacos were great. I had overall a great experience here in spite of my mishap. So I definitely look forward to coming back.. Especially for those margaritas!!Met friends here for dinner this week. They brought out chips and salsa to start - the salsa was great, but heavy on garlic. I had the special which was a red fish taco. Awesome. Completely hit the spot.Maybe I'm getting the wrong thing!? 
I keep trying this place hoping it will be better.  I got 2 filet tacos today. The salt rub was so overpowering that I couldn't even eat the meat.  The guacamole is delicious, and the salsa isn't so bad. The chips are basically tostidos which is a disappointment. Overall, it's just ok for me!I was kinda leery because of such mixed reviews on this place, but I have several friends that love it, so decided to try it. Damn it was good! Guacamole made table side was a nice touch and tasted great. I ordered the lobster claw quesadilla and really enjoyed it. Big ole hunks of lobster in it.  The beans and rice that came with it were just "okay" nothing to get too excited about. Husband had a chicken taco, lobster taco and chorizo taco and said they were all good. Service was great. I will definitely go again.Love this place !! Every time we come we find & try new things on their menu. This time I had the skirt steak fajitas it did not disappoint! If you ever in the Lakeview area you truly need to give EL GATO NEGRO a tryLove the extremely fresh margaritas!!! They are clearly the BEST IN THE CITY!!!!!
The food is by far the freshest and most authentic Mexican food other than the food I had in Mexico!!I brought my grandma for an early Mother's Day dinner. The food was great but the only bad thing was that two tables were seater after us and they got their food before us. It might have been a simple mistake but it shouldn't have happened.Stale chips and canned salsa aren't the best way to start a meal. The tables are WAY too close together and the food is decent but certainly not worth the price. $24 for beef fajitas? $5 per taco a la carte?I can usually tell how good the Mexican food will be by a restaurant's margarita and chips & salsa. The margarita tasted like it was from a mix and was too sour. Salsa was average at best. Food was the same. Also, tacos come out of the kitchen completely bare. If you want salsa on it, that costs extra. If you want cheese, extra. Lettuce, extra. 
The service was pretty good though. 
The upside- it is located close to the convention center where I was at a conference.Service was terrible,the chips tasted like they came out of a bag, the salsa was no better. Very small area for seating. They sat us next to the kitchen it was so loud I couldn't hear the people talking at my table. Oh and the first round of chips and salsa was free, if Yuri wanted and more you were charged.AMAZING NACHOS! I don't think I've had such good Mexican food before. The meat is cooked so well and the queso is divine. Anthony was our server and he was very nice and helpful, he was very polite. Anthony was kind enough to help my friend when he did request a different drink than he had gotten and brought him a new one with no problems. The food comes out very fast and is cooked so nicely. This is DEFINITELY worth trying. The food is so tasty and so fresh. The chips are very warm and the salsa is so delicious. The deserts are phenomenal, especially the mango guava cheesecake. I will be returning very soon.We went for the first time recently when a friend recommended it highly. AWESOME. We went twice in one week.
REALLY REALLY GOOD FOOD. The salmon salad was delish!Visited for a dinner last night. We had delicious margaritas. I had the special pineapple/mango and was the best one I've had so far, my bf had the carrot/ lime and was really good too. We had chips and salsa brought to us almost immediately. The service was great, but the food wasn't as we expected. I had the pulled pork quesadilla after reading in a few reviews that it was worth trying, well my tortilla was not grilled or warmed up or  anything;the pork tasted bad/ old. My bf had three tacos and one of them was with pork - same just not like pork should taste. Then for a small portion like mine and just pork cheese and a tortilla 12$ is a little overpriced.Xtra star because the guacamole was good. The Mole' was disgusting, sauce was watery and too savory. wasted  $16.00 on my dish, may go back.
Why put Mole on the menu if it isn't good? 
That chef got chopped.COMPLETELY AMAZING!! Keep up the amazing work guys!! Your servers are super fast and always smiling! I cant wait to come back for the guacamole!The food is fantastic, best Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the service is very poor. The Harrison location is my favorite but ever since they have reopened their staff has been exceptionally rude. Tonight we came and the wait was about 45 minutes but we waited because like stated above, the food is great. One person in our party was very hungry so we asked the hostess if we could kindly have some chips and salsa while we wait.. she looked at us blankly and said "where?" we kindly said anywhere but she refused to let us have any till we sat down at our table. This has been strike two since we've been back after the reopening and I hope that the service improves because I would hate stop visiting this great establishment.It's a super cute place and the people are really nice! But their queso is like the kind from the can....and it's yellow :/ no mintsThis restaurant has the best food!  It can get a little loud at times, but the food does not disappoint.  Margaritas are the best.I just ate at the Lakeview location. I don't think there is a parking lot, but got there early and found a street spot on Harrison. There was no wait when we arrived (5:45 pm) but 15 mins later the line was out the door.
Service was prompt and friendly, as our waitress was nice and attentive. 
The drink menu was extensive, but most drinks/ tequilas didn't have a price or description next to it. This made choosing a drink difficult because I didn't want to bother the waitress with asking prices and descriptions. So, we ordered the House Margarita. The House Margarita is a "seasonal" flavor of orange and lime. It was presented nicely in a large, glass margarita "goblet" but it's taste and potency was definitely lacking. Too sour (almost tasted like that oj you make from the frozen concentrate) and absolutely too little tequila. I really couldn't taste any at all to be honest. A disappointment at almost $8.00 a pop. 
The Pork Loin and Chorizo Fajitas ($17.00) were really good though. The pork was cooked perfectly and the veggies were awesome! Only came with 4 tortillas and cheese was an extra (.75) but was worth it. 
I would come back for food only...or just order a beer (better deal)!!Guacamole was delicious! I had shrimp quesadillas and my friend has the shrimp tacos and the shrimps were huge! The mojito was delicious, but not as strong as the pineapple margarita. I will definitely be going back.We had great service. The food was good, but not worth the price. I like Felipe's much better and they're about half the price.Had the Carne asada ...good.....order the special of the nite ....good....appetizer was very good(shrimp with mirliton)....service was very good, super attentive and well staffed.These guys just lost a long time customer today. We went at least 2-3 times a month before they closed for renovations. Went there today with my 11 year old son and sat on the patio. We were not given utensils and Napkins. We sat for 10 minutes before a waiter greeted us. We got our guacamole but had no chips, we waited for 45 minutes for our entrees which never came. My son said, wow maybe they should have hired more waiters when they added all these tables. My eleven year old figured it out, why can't they? Maybe they want to be more of a bar than a restaurant now. We led some money for our guacamole and left both feeling pretty sad that our old favorite place just isn't the same anymore. We felt invisible and were treated like we were a bother. They seem to also have a lot of staff just walking around and not really doing anything and without any urgency what so ever. It's a drag to lose a favorite place. We won't be going back to that location any team time soon.I had the lobster Claw taco it was wonderful  cooked preface also had a grilled shrimp taco it to was cooked perfect. Also enjoyed the VIP appetizer  a brisket bruschetta.  Everyone loved itHere is a very nice Mexican restaurant in an unexpected place, just on the edge of the French Market.  Widest selection of really superb margaritas that I have ever seen.  Food is well-prepared, with fresh ingredients.  Some vegetarian options, good seafood options.  This place feels like it is owner-operated, non-corporate, with engaged service and a light touch.  Gato Negro provides a pleasing alternative to the standard New Orleans heavy fare in the surrounding area.This post is regarding the Lakeview location. Going to dinner with a 7 month old is usually a challenge, but the servers and staff made it an enjoyable and easy evening. To start off with we asked for a table outside. They didn't have any available at the time but they managed to make a table for us because we had mentioned it was getting close to the baby's bed time. The food and drinks were great as always. To cap off the night we realized when we got home that we left the baby's full bottle on the table at the restaurant. When we went back to get the bottle they went the extra mile and put it in the fridge for us. Thanks for a wonderful evening. We will return soon.I recently had occasion to eat at both of a restaurant's locations:
El Gato Negro Mexican Restaurant 
300 Harrison Ave, New Orleans, LA 70124
And 
El Gato Negro Mexican Restaurant 
81 French Market Pl, New Orleans, LA 70116
I had the same dish, the seared salmon salad at both locations and the meal was equally delicious at both places.
At my first visit, I had the guacamole dip, made fresh at the table. Absolutely deelish!
At my second visit, I her the shrimp and merliton appetizer. Shrimp, merliton and mushrooms in a sweet sauce I hope they will bottle some day. I poured some of that sauce on my salmon salad...awesome addition. I might share my secret with the chef?
The atmosphere here is casual so you should not be concerned with getting all gussied up. With the party that will be going on in your mouth, I don't think anyone is paying attention to anyone else's attire. The place has a nice 'family' feel.
Lisa, my server, was exquisitely happy and had a warm and pleasant smile.
I have had the occasion to visit this restaurant in the past and cannot recall ever having a bad meal. I have also been a fan of the owner, Johhny, for quite some time and can attest to his dedication to his art. 
I will definitely continue to visit this restaurant. My taste buds do compel me!Amazing food!!! Super authentic!!!! Def something for everybody!!!! Weather you're trying to be healthy or not so healthy haha!!!! And the margaritas are the best in the city!!!! Made with muddled fruit!!!!! My personal fave- Strawberry Vanilla Marg! :))Joseph our waiter was awesome! Helped with all of our questions. And the food was authentic with wonderful flavors. I recommend the blood of devil margaritas if your looking for a little spice. We order the queso with chirzo and split the mixed grill platter.The food is good but being charged for chips and salsa is lame. Too loud to carry on a conversation. Prefer the other Lakeview Mexican restaurant. You can purchase nachos that have everything except the kitchen sink at the other area Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere there is calm and relaxing. However, at the El Gato Negro, table side guacomole cost ad much as the nachos at the other place, not that much guacamole anyway. Overall, I highly, highly, do not recommend this place. If you want mexican food, drive less than a mile down the road. 
P.S. Example: El Rey Margarita- $225 (no joke)Hands down my favorite Mexican place in New Orleans. Have been coming to the Metairie location for about 5 years now and have never been disappointed. Love the newly renovated courtyard and bar area, absolutely beautiful and spacious. The tableside guacamole is always fresh and hands down the best restaurant guac I've had. Their drinks are always great too, although I had the red sangria this time and it seemed a bit off, more tart and not quite as flavorful as I remember, but the bartender was quick to sweeten it for me and made sure I was satisfied! I ordered the same thing I've always ordered bc it's one of my favorite restaurant dishes on the planet...the cheese stuffed poblano pepper topped with a creamy sauce and roasted veggies. Complete with house made corn tortillas which are fantastic. Friend had a stuffed avocado topped with the same delicious sauce as my poblano pepper but with plump shrimp on top! So good!! We were seated quickly and staff was wonderful to us. Can't wait to come back!One of our favorite Lakeview spots. Some of the best Mexican Food in NOLA. They come to your table and make fresh guacamole to order. Everything on the menu is great, but my personal favorite is the chicken enchiladas. Very good margaritas also.I have been a regular here for about a year and for good reason. The food quality is excellent and the drinks are amazing. Anthony is my usual waiter , has always given great service and always remembers what I like to drink. Kelly always greets us at the door with a smile by name. Great place great food . Can't  say enough good things about this place! The chorizo is delicious!The food is so good, and they do not skimp on the shrimp! Great environment, they make thier own seasoning which is SO good! Go here! You will have leftovers and be satisfied.This place is pretty good. I'm a big fan of their guacamole, its one of my favorites around. The appetizer size is really big, almost too big for 2 people (almost). You can order a side of it for a smaller portion if you are the only guac lover at your table. The food is very fresh and they have a variety of meats on their menu so you can get filet minon tacos or bison nachos, fish, veggies, whatever your thing is! FYI, The burritos are bigger than Kayne West's ego so plan on splitting or having a to go box.The food and drinks are fantastic.  Very refreshing to have authentic, fresh, Mexican food.  Don't even waste your time going down the road to the "other" Mexican joint.  NO ONE can't come close to El Gato Negro.Excellent food. Tremendous portions. Great value. Fantastic margarita/tequila menu. Service was efficient and friendly. (Caroline rocks!) Will definitely be back. "Like" them on Facebook for deals.Worth a try.
The menu is limited.  
The food was good, not great.  
Service was great.  
Slightly overpriced overall.
Pretty small place.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait.Mmmmm. I believe this is one of the very few Mexican restaurants that I actually enjoy. I've never really had good original Mexican food until this place (and a few others). Usually, I've been to pretty standard places that just become blah after awhile. This place is not one of them!
First, I LOVE their fresh corn tortilla, especially that you can actually see corn in them. I've had the shrimp fajita plate which is huge and so worth it! Jumbo shrimp! I've also had chorizo sausage taco, lobster taco, and their avocados. Everything tastes amazing and delicious. 
I will definitely be back!First time here and it will be really hard to go to any other Mexican restaurant in town. The atmosphere was so cool and the food was even better! I got a skirt steak quesadilla and the boyfriend got a chicken burrito with the best quest ever drizzled on top. OH and most incredible margarita I've ever had! The service was super fast and the entire staff was so polite. It is street parking but luckily the area is not too crazy when it comes to traffic. Will definitely be back!Their check in offer for a $7.75 top shelf tequila margarita is a COMPLETE JOKE! When I got my bill, I was charged $8.75, which, if I remember the menu correctly, is the regular price of their margaritas. I know it's only a dollar, but it's the principal of the matter. After questioning my waitress, she said that the check in offer on yelp wasn't updated to the newer $8.75 price. ***NEWSFLASH: IT'S NOT A YELP OFFER IF YOU'RE CHARGING THE PERSON THE SAME PRICE AS YOU WOULD NORMALLY WHETHER THEY CHECK-IN ON YELP OR NOT.*** Either she didn't know what she was doing, or it's the business's mistake. Either way, I felt like they should have honored the $7.75 price since I had it there on my phone. It wasn't like I was making it up. Bad customer service on her part. 
One piece of my filet mignon quesadilla was still mooing when it came out as well; otherwise, my food was good. The overcharged margarita I got was also delicious. However, as I said earlier, I was disappointed that they didn't honor their Yelp check-in offer. 
As far as the decor and location: low ceilings making this place feel more cramped than it already is. Oh and you have to park on the street.Really great food. We went to check out the renovations that kept us away from the margaritas for so long and were left confused. The lay out is odd and the service was awfully slow. You still sit right on top the table next you but the food is just as good if not better. I might stop in for drinks but for a dinner I'd check out one of the other locations.Absolutely perfect experience!  Food was delicious--stuffed avocado and the grilled chorizo with cheese and tomato.  The service was excellent!  Can't wait to returnI LOVE the food at EL Gato, but the Harrison restaurant is very small and the acoustics are terrible. Not the best venue for trying to visit, but they have my favorite fajitas in the city.I've heard such great things about this place and could not wait to try it..it definitely did not disappoint, and surpassed any expectation I had...from the guacamole made table side to the entree, it was incredible!!  I was planning to order the pulled pork tamales, I mis ordered my food and had a pork taco.  While I have to admit, I was disappointed that a taco came in the tamale place, one bite and I knew it was the right choice.  The portions are a good size and everyone at our table loved the food.  Definitely will go back!!!Best Lunch Ever!
I spotted El Gato Negro a couple of weeks ago on my way to Nola Beans.  What a great surprise to see this location!
Parking is good and easy to get to, located between Lakeshore Drive and Canal.  They do close between lunch and dinner, unlike the French Market location, so take note from 2-5PM, the door is locked.
The chips are salty, flour chips that are sturdy enough to handle the thick, chunky sauce.  Try not to eat too many, as the salsa is pretty addictive.  So many margaritas, so little time.  Juan (the owner) knows tequila, trust.  The tequila selection is not just impressive, it's informative, explaining the different types.  Learning can be fun!  So, the traditional house margarita is the orange lime, which is tasty....even if you don't have an adventurous palate, you will enjoy this quality beverage delicately capitalizing on the tartness of the lime and sweetness of the orange.  Perfection.  Or so I thought.  I ordered the carrot lime based on a memory of my mom making carrot and apple juice for me as a kid.  A carrot lime margarita may sound weird, but it's not.  Like the orange lime, sweet and tart flavors combine for a blend of a juicy, thirst quenching beverage.  Try it.
Food.  I don't like guacamole.  Sorry, but it does nothing for me.  John, personable, cute young waiter made our guacamole table side and made it look easy.  My date enjoyed thoroughly.  I tried it and didn't like it, but I hate avocados, so I'm not the best judge of guac.  My date had tacos, which are available in wheat, corn or flour - that is a nice touch and tells you that the details matter here.  She thoroughly enjoyed each one and was able to select the toppings without paying per topping.
The menu isn't extensive, but I like that.  Selection doesn't make or break a place for me; personally, I don't want to read through a phone book sized menu.  I went with Juanito's burrito, which was excellent.  It was a tortilla fully stuffed with rice, beans, meat (I chose pork), cheese and chorizo salsa.  It was hugged by a scoop of sour cream and a scoop of guacamole.  Loved it!  It was filling and I'm glad I ate every single morsel.  This is real Mexican food.  It's local and the recipes are authentic.  It's not commercial, mass produced Mexican food.  It's that's what you like, El Gato Negro is not for you.  This is GOOD food!!!  
This place has GREAT service.  My guest and I slipped in for a late lunch and finished up after three.  We were welcomed from the minute we stepped in and were well attended throughout our meal.  I was able to take advantage of my check in offer and upgrade my margarita for the price of the regular margarita.  Here is where the great service kicks in; remember, we slid in about 20-30 minutes before closing.  The check in offer applies to any margarita, however, my server decided to double check before taking my order...no problem, I don't like a surprise with my bill at the end of the meal.  Little did I know she was consulting with the owner, who confirmed that it applied to any margarita, he recommended the tequila, a reposada, which we loved.  We finished up our meal around 3, which is when the restaurant is technically closed.  No one said anything or made overt gestures indicating that we wore out our welcome.  We closed out our bill and were told to stay as long as we liked.  Nice.  Then, it got better.  Juan walks by and said, "y'all still here?  hope you like wine, we're about to do a wine tasting".  Behind him were a couple of employees and a wine distributor.  So, they poured us a flight of five wines that he is considering adding to the menu.  How cool is that?!
Even if the wine tasting had never happened, I would definitely give this place five stars based on the quality of food, service and the fact that we were not rushed to finish our meal.  Nothing was bad about this place.  
Meow, Gato Negro...Meow!Full disclosure: I'm half Mexican. But I can acknowledge good food even if it claims to be Mexican yet is more white-washed. However, El Gato Negro is nothing to write home about. The menu has a section on it where the founder Juan tells a small story about his parents immigrating to the States and wanting to bring authentic Mexican food to the people here. He could do better. 
I ordered the chicken enchiladas, my father ordered two pork tacos and a steak taco, and my sister ordered two steak tacos. One steak taco was $5.75...and that's just the taco!! For sour cream, cheese, pico de gallo, etc...another dollar each! My father asked for some limes and cilantro - and they charged 75 cents each! I understand that this is a business, and they have to make money. But 75 cents for not even one full lime? Come on. My enchiladas were slathered in cheese and had a dry, flavorless sauce. If sauce is what you want to call it. 
Maybe there are other dishes on the menu that were better than what we got, but the prices are outrageous. Two stars for our upbeat server. Even if he did forget to give us utensils.New building but same old poor quality food.  The tables are so close together that the wait staff have to stand behind you to ask for your order.  The wait staff is the only good thing here.  The margaritas are weak.  I had hopes that they would get a better kitchen, but no.
For what you get, it is WAY too expensive.  You want good Tex-Mex in New Orleans, go to La Mansion in the Riverbend area.HOLY LOADED TACOS, BATMAN!   Got a fish, chicken, and pulled pork taco..and those babies were loaded with MEAT!  Pretty tasty.. The only drawback was that you have to order extra pico, sour cream, lettuce...separately..  We also had beans and rice.. and the beans had a really burnt taste.. What was SUPER yummy was the table-side-made guac.  YUM YUM!  This place is definitely better than Carretta's!  Hopefully the beans won't be burned next time!I haven't been here since it remodeled and have only been here once before. I was greeted by two people at the door and offered three seating options - indoor, outdoor, or at the bar. 
The server immediately gave us a basket of chips and salsa. The salsa was a bit salty for my taste. I ordered a shrimp quesadilla that came with sour cream, rice and beans. The portion size was good and the shrimp was well cooked. We also ordered a steak burrito that was covered in some type of meat sauce. The food was good, but not memorable and a bit pricey for the value. However, the service was very good.
On a side note, they offer a $225 margarita.The food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable. The table side guacamole is definitely worth it.I ordered steak fajitas and got Brought a NY Strip atop some veggies with a side of tortillas. This wasn't fajitas, this was a steak. I love it.
As much as the black cat did impress me with surprises like that, it was a bit pricey even for its high quality.First time back to EL GATO since reopening. Looks great inside. Was very happy to see all the familiar faces. Anthony was our server and as usual he ROCKS! Restaurant was mostly full and he did a great job staying on top of our table. Since I live on the Northshore, I only get to El Gato on rare occasions but I can't wait to get back. Nice recommendation on the Watermelon margarita....it hit the spot. See ya soon!This place was OK. We paid a lot of money for that. The food ok and drinks ok. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the service. Great service.Decided to stop in for lunch and grab a fajita plate. I almost asked for a new table since the hostess sat us directly at the kitchen window and doors. The menu was interesting but way overpriced. The combo fajitas jump from $25 to $35, so you figure it's significantly more food and while we didn't need more to fill us for lunch... it was a dinner entree. My wife's mojito was excellent but my beer came with a giant lime and no glass. Your either a $30/plate establishment or you're NOT. The entire time they were working on inventory at the table behind us, employees ordered pizza at our table on a cell phone, I even know who's working what section for the next full week. Dishes clanking, employees yelling for each other and scraping of plates being bussed from tables, were the highlights of our meal. After finding a different waiter... we were able to get some extra napkins and water. Salsa and chips are one serving only. Food was good and we actually had nothing leftover... a first for us! Lol The service and atmosphere was horrific and we will never be back.It all began when the table busser knocked over my beer. I didn't make a fuss about it because I understand it was an accident and didn't want to embarrass him further. He got me another beer and we called it even.
I ordered the pulled pork quesadillas. The waitress offered to add sour cream and guacamole to help compensate for her busser's mistake and I gladly accepted. 
The quesadillas weren't special or noteworthy. But I didn't receive guacamole or sour cream with it. Not wanting to make a big deal, I let it slide and finished my meal. 
The end is where things turned very bad for this restaurant. I was charged for the second beer after the first one was spilled on me. I was also charged something close to $3.00 for guacamole and sour cream that I never received. 
It was easy to get the guacamole and sour cream removed from the ticket, but convincing the waitress that the busser offered to pay for the second beer was difficult. After the busser finally confirmed that this was our deal, she finally corrected the ticket. 
The food was not fairly priced for the quality. Checks are not split here, so be prepared to do some math if you're not paying together. It didn't seem like the staff had their ducks in order. Overall, it could've been so much better.I hate to give this restaurant 1 star because some of the food was great, but the service was inexcusable.  For a girl's night, 3 friends and I went to this Lakeview location.  We ordered drinks, 3 of which came quickly, and one that had to be asked for 20 minutes later.  No apology,..nothing.  And when it finally did come, it was only alcohol tasting and the waitress, Kelli, didn't even ask how to make it better until one of us suggested extra juice.  The guacamole was amazing, and the mixed grill entre is enough for 2 people, great flavor.  However,  when it came time to pay, we put the total for each card, which would have been easy to run.  The waitress gave us a look of disgust, rudely said "only two cards allowed!" and turned and walked away.  We figured it out, but she didn't even offer to try to resolve the problem.   I have no issue with paying on 2 cards, but don't be rude about it.   My friend went to ask if she could get a different drink because she couldn't drink it, and the bartender was great in replacing it.  While he was making it, the waitress went over to the bartender IN FRONT OF MY FRIEND and said "make sure to put it in a to go cup.  she is leaving."  Well, we weren't leaving right away, and again, very rude.  
I may try again since some of the food was appetizing, but I more than likely won't because we all found the service completely untenable due to the waitress' attitude.  So...perhaps get to go food, but don't go for the service!Excited to hear that El Gato opened up in Lakeview, I decided to get have a Fiesta Birthday with the family after an afternoon of golf.  Hearing so many great things the expectation bar was pretty high.  Mostly because of the service, they did not deliver.  
Some lowlights...The place was hot!!  Food was pricey for what it is.  Kid options are lacking. 
Highlights...Guac!Good food and drinks. Love the table-side guacamole.The food at El Gato Negro was pretty good. The place is quite small and if you're there in a big group the space is extremely tight. The atmosphere could be much better, the numerous tequila bottles and shot glasses make the place feel a bit cheap, when it really isnt for mexican food. Overall, its better than most mexican restaurants in New Orleans but nothing amazing.