This restaurant is absolutely incredible!  My boyfriend and I came here on our recent visit to New Orleans, and we were far from disappointed.  
We arrived about 30 minutes before our scheduled reservation, and we sat at the bar and had a few cocktails while listening to the live piano music.  I ordered the No. 21 cocktail, and it was perfect.  
After cocktails, we were led upstairs to the second floor of the restaurant where Mario waited on us.  He is amazing and knows the menu very well.  We both got the soup of the day to start, which was a baked potato and corn chowder.  The smoky flavor from the bacon in the soup was phenomenal.  
The bread was also great!  There was an option of Ciabatta or a Jalapeño corn muffin, and I opted to try both.  The Ciabatta bread was perfect for dipping into the soup, and the jalapeno corn muffin had the perfect flavor of jalapeno without being over-the-top spicy. 
For my entree, I ordered the pumpkin gnocchi with duck prosciutto off of the appetizer menu.  The gnocchi was made fresh and to perfection, and the duck prosciutto was delicious and unique.  I also ordered a side of the caramelized brussels sprouts, which were also delicious.  I am greatly disappointed when I order brussels sprouts, and they are not cooked enough; however, Emeril's cooked them to perfection.  My boyfriend ordered the jerk spiced lamb loin, and he really enjoyed it.  
To finish off the evening, we shared the Bananas Foster for two prepared tableside.  There really is no dessert like fresh Bananas Foster.  
We had a wonderful evening, and we enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant, which was formerly a house.  The service was impeccable, and I will definitely be returning here on my next trip to New Orleans.Came for Happy Hour...drinks half off and small plates $5....drinks and food were delicious! Atmosphere classy but comfy! Excellent service!You need to hit this place up for happy hour. 99 cent chargrilled oysters were amazing!!! We plowed through 3 dozen. The crawfish beniegts were fantastic too as were the fried green tomatoes. Half price drinks also made this happy hour even better. The sazeracs was exceptional. We had 3 dozen oysters, beniegts, fried green tomatoes, 3 sazeracs and 5 glasses of wine for $120 tax and tip included. The staff was awesome too. Try this place out!!!!!!We came here during Mardi Gras 2015.  Too bad it's right in the pathway of the major parades.  Our cab driver dropped us off about four blocks away and we had to walk four or five block across the path of the parade.
When we arrived we got seated right away.  We were seated up stairs.  Our waiter, Francisco had a great personality.  We started with a bottle of Prisoner Saldo Zinfandel Wine.  It was very good.  I had the NEW ORLEANS 'GUAPPO' SALAD.  It was very good.  Monique had the CRISPY PORK CHEEK.  That was good too.  Jennifer S. had the JUMBO LUMP CRABMEAT REMICK.  This was very rich and tasty.   
For dinner Jennifer S. and I had the GRILLED LAMB LOIN braised collard greens, glazed yams, preserved watermelon, pecans, mango pickapeppa.  The preserved watermelon rind was really good.  The lamb was tender and tasty.  Monique had GLAZED DUROC PORK CHOP red bean and rice congri, lime mojo.  It was tasty.  
The dessert was Great!  We had two desserts:  WARM BLACKBERRY COBBLER creole cream cheese ice cream, oat-walnut tuille.  I didn't eat any of this because I wanted the TRADITIONAL BANANAS FOSTER vanilla bean ice cream, salted pecans, prepared tableside.  It was Sooooo Good.  
I had a great time at Delmonico.  The food and service was top notch!Went there to celebrate my friend's 30th bday with a party of 4. Excellent service. Omg they had a duck leg special where the duck was braised in its own fat for 14 hours. Uhh, yes please! The crust was perfectly crispy and came with a tasty braised kale that has a somewhat sweet sauce...perfect mix of sweet and sour. Such an awesome place for maybe a smaller group since it's pretty pricey.Simply delicious. Have always wanted to eat at one of Emeril's restaurants and it did not disappoint! We had the BBQ shrimp as an appetizer (my fave). I had the snapper, my husband the lamb- both amazing. Finished with the beignets for dessert- also amazing. Would definitely return although next time I will probably try one of Emeril's other establishments!I don't know where to begin with one of the best meals I've ever had in my life.  I guess I'll just begin with the Bloody Mary and the lobster beignet I was greeted with.  Both could not have been prepared any better and things remained constant from there.  The barbecue shrimp was absolutely wonderful.  Our main entrees were the fried chicken and the brisket.  Both were prepared and presented so perfectly I would have guessed Emeril might have been in the kitchen himself.  The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside and tasted great.  From a family that has prepared brisket my whole life and thought we did it better than anyone, I've never had brisket just melt on my tongue before.  The team service concept was executed perfectly.  Don't tell Emeril but I would have paid almost anything to have that meal again.  if you are considering whether or not to eat at Delmonico,  do yourself a favor and make sure you fall off on the right side of the fence on that one!Amazing!!!!! Everything from the food to the service.  I liked that they brought every at the same time.  The coordination and execution of everything was great.  The waiters are very nice and polite. The food was excellent.Good drinks, great starters, and desert,  however, the rib eye was not (tough, gristly & not much flavor).  Great service.  Was a bit noisy...been there, but will now try someplace different.Great food I had fish delicious suggestions get the pork chop my husband got it is  exquisite !They gave me a bad experience for one night of the three that I was staying in New Orleans. I wish I could give them 10 bad reviews. They were overloaded so instead of the main dining room we were shuffled through the kitchen to a back room. The room had a tile floor, windows on both sides as in a greenhouse. This made the room very noisy. It was so noisy we could not talk at our table for four And the room was not full. I asked to be seated in a quieter spot such is the main dining room and they told me they had no room. Walking through there I saw many tables that were empty.
The noise level was so high that we left. 
This is a high-end restaurant and they should know how to control The noise to make all the rooms pleasant. It really isn't too hard to put some sound absorbing material in a very hard walled room. They ruined one day of my three days vacation. And left me with a bad taste in my mouth for my last day.
If they cared about their customers, they would treat them betterThis place is definitely a treat. The food was flawless, the presentation was top notch, and the service was remarkable. It is quite expensive, however; I would recommend trying it out for that special occasion.Great service and awesome food!  All you would expect from an Emeril restaurant! Top it off with Bananas Foster prepared at your table that is out of this world!The only mistake was making this our first stop once we arrived. Everything after was compared and paled in comparison to the food, quality, taste and the service. We could honestly say that we had never had a dining experience like this before. It was awesome!!!!
Pros:
Service (attentiveness of our server(s))
Food quality
Cocktail selection
Knowledgeable servers (respectful of my gluten allergy)
Location (garden district, easy parking)
Ambiance
Employment of local youth.
Cons:
My crème brule was too small
Too much ice in my water
(nits, I know...but we wanted to be balanced in our observations)
I have to also say that we went to Commanders Palace for dinner after  this experience and it was not even close to the same experience. It was disappointing and too bad because it was for my sweeties birthday. Waa!My meal was very salty and the bed containing beans were not completely cooked. My brothers duck confit was very dry and not that flavorful. For the price we paid you'd think everything would be perfect and the chefs would take pride in each dish. As we left the manager asked how everything was. We said we weren't really that happy about everything. He patted my brother on the back and said, well thanks for coming in. No care, no pride - very disappointing. On a positive side note, I started with the gumbo which was very good.I am surprised that others did not give this restaurant 5 stars. I travel a lot so often eat at restaurants in cities around the U.S.  My husband is a foodie so he scouts out places for me to try. Every morsel we had here was delicious - the yellow beet salad; the speck and fig plate; the crawdad risotto; the deep fried soft-shell crab, and the filet mignon (with 3 sauces). In addition the service was wonderful. Appropriately warm, attentive and respectful. The piano player/singer was also excellent. Perfect for a place where people are eating and chatting. Excellent selection of songs and not too loud or too soft. My husband had the Emeril Chardonnay which I tasted and enjoyed. I had a Hurricane in the French Quarter before dinner (a deceivingly strong drink) so I decided to stick with the sparkling water. I have paid a lot more for dinners that I only liked half as much! I wold definitely go here again and would recommend to friends, family, and you!The food was very good, but the service was ATROCIOUS. We asked for wine recommendation as we were looking to purchase a bottle and were told there would be somebody coming to talk to us. After 30 mins, another waitstaff came to ask what we wanted to drink. We were pretty fed up at that point so we just picked something. He served the wine and did not return until 20 mins later to take the food order. We were 3/4 way through our appetizers when he showed up with our entrees and said he wasn't going to bring these entrees back so he was just going to take the appetizers away. We were literally still eating! The whole attitude was mean, mean, and mean! He also reeked of cigarettes smell. Awful experience. Will not return.Service was absolutely excellent - Francisco took amazing care of our party on a special night. The appetizers were delicious  - the stuffed boudin balls were excellent. Three members of our parties (myself included) ordered the shrimp special. It was an unfortunate choice as the dish was bland, unsavory, and overall a disappointment. We ordered hot sauce and lemon in attempt to save the dish, however I was unable to salvage it and sent it back. The desert made up for what my dish lacked - oven chocolate chip cookies and artisanal cheese board were phenomenal. Although our main meal was flawed, the overall experience was still pleasant - mainly due to Francisco's service and attention.My husband and I came here for our wedding anniversary and the service was impeccable! Francisco was our head waiter and he made our experience one to remember. He brought out sorbet with candles in it and gave me a rose. Not only was the service amazing, so was the food. My husband ordered the ribeye and he said it was the best steak he ever had! I ordered the cafe au lait creme brûlée and it was out of this world! It came with a molasses cake that was so moist and flavorful, I devoured it even though I was so full from my entree. You must try this restaurant if you ever visit NOLA!!I had the red snap fish and it was well seasoned and prepared well.  I had a good tasting experience as I tried some of my friends dishes.  The Risotto was a little salty but ok.   It was freezing cold for some reason as well but it was a ok experience and I probably won't go back again.  Maybe Emeril's other restaurant are better.We went to Delmonico's with high hopes after hearing about the amazing steak and reading other reviews on Yelp. This place did not disappoint. 
To start off the food was amazing, expect nothing less from Emeril, but the staff and the service are what will keep me coming back. 
I'll start with the food, we started with a guapo salad and the crispy pork cheek. Both were fantastic, the pork cheek was juicy, tender and delicious on its own but then it sat on dirty rice, which might be by far the best I've had in New Orleans. The "guapo" salad was crispy and very fresh. I'm not the biggest fan of olives but I enjoyed these a lot. 
For entrees we ordered the Bone-in Ribeye medium and the Cuban Chorizo Stuffed Durac Pork Loin. The steak was fantastic and compares to the steaks served at La Boca. It was juicy and came with three sauces, chimichurri, bernaise and emeril's Worcestershire. My favorite was the bernaise, it was smooth and just a little bit tangy. The Worcestershire was a little too sweet for me and the chimichurri was a little too limey.  As a side we ordered the collard greens, which according to my boyfriend were the best he'd ever had. They had the sweetness of the Worcestershire sauce without being overpowering. The pork loin was very juicy and came with that delicious dirty rice and crispy plantains, my only (and a very small only) was that the plantains were a little tough, but the dish was amazing. 
For dessert we ordered the "dessert of the day" which was a three layer chocolate mousse, of dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate with fresh strawberries and a champagne gelatin. It was amazing, the mousse was creamy and smooth. I'm not a big fan of gelatin but the flavor was delicious even if I don't like the consistency. And to finish off, the service. The staff works in a team oriented fashion and our waiter Joseph was attentive and very friendly, in the middle of a very busy New Year's Eve. The entire staff was very gracious, made us feel very welcome and definitely make us want to come back.We went here with a group of 12 and were really happy with our food and service that we received. I had made a reservation since we had a larger group and as soon as we arrived we were seated. We were greeted by our waiter given the menus which included a large menu with wine and cocktails. Our table ordered 3 bottles of wine to start and the red that we had chosen was not available but we were given other suggestions for other bottles that were similar. We did not order any appetizers other than salads and from the salads to our entrees everything came out at once and was amazing. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal. I had the 6 oz filet and it was cooked medium rare as I had asked and super tender. I also tried the Mac and cheese which was creamy and had lots of flavor. My cousin is a vegetarian and ordered a couple of different sides for her main meal and was very happy with the portions and food that she chose.Had a 50 person dinner party during a big conference.  Food: A+
Service: A++  David was our head waiter and did a fantastic job. 
Met the GM, Saleem.  Fantastic guy and very customer oriented. 
Events Manager: C.  Theresa needs to do a better job in communication leading up to the event.   Told me she would be there at beginning of event to say hi and didn't show.  I had to email for specifics and ask questions as opposed to Theresa sending info leafing up to event. Had no idea how things were going to go.  Luckily the rest of the staff made the event a very enjoyable evening.The food was absolutely delicious and the service was even better than the food. Every employee was kind and polite, after every sip of water our cups were refilled. Women were served first, it was like taking a step back in time. The filet and the ribeye were outstanding and the Mac n cheese and ice burg wedge salad were unbelievably delicious. AMAZING restaurant, truly fine dining.We looked up the website before making reservations for this restaurant.  It tells you the dress is Casual...this is NOT a casual place!! We felt fairly under dressed and a bit uncomfortable.  That being said, the meal and the service were truly amazing.  I wish we had expected a fine dining atmosphere and it would have been the perfect evening!Outstanding I loved this place - the food is terrific - I had a fried oyster appetizer - it was served over linguine or fettaccini - it was so good - I was stuffed after the first course - but that didn't stop me from ordering a entrée which was shrimp something - it was so yummy -and of course dessert :)  this place is great you will be so happy you came here - and the ambiance is just lovely I do not know the history of the building but I'd guess it's once was a fantastic old home - we asked to be seated on the first floor because they had a piano man playing and singing the best music he totally rocked we had been enjoying him in the lounge before being seated and wanted to continue listening to him over dinner - this is a great restrnt - and the St.Charles trolley car (the green one) has a stop right out front - enjoy!!The food lived up to the hype but we were supremely disappointed in the service offered by Jessica behind the bar.  Through out most of the meal, she was conversating with one of the servers and frankly, the discussions were inappropriate for being in earshot of a customer.  There was an f bomb and at one point they were discussing their "first time" with one another.  She had also told us that during happy hour, all mixed drinks were half off, which led me to try a normally $17 drink.  Low and behold, the tab comes out and it's still $17 instead of $8.50: "oh sorry, the Lematt isn't half price".  Did she fix this?  No.  We don't live here so saying we won't be back doesn't mean much but I'm pretty upset that I let myself get my hopes up thinking an Emeril restaurant would deliver a great experience.What else can you say about this joint that hasnt already been written?  Get the Ribeye.  Hands down the best dish they have.  Service was rediculous and the atmosphere is true NOLA.Loved the attention to the table that the wait staf provided.  Great meal!  Loved the charcuterie board.  Don't go for the Bananas Foster....there are much better versions to be had in NO.We went here on a Saturday night.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  We had the crab and bacon appetizer.  Amazing!  We split the 20 ounce bone in rib eye.  It was cooked perfectly and the tasted perfect.Be far the most expensive and most delicious steak I have ever had. It was well worth the experience and cost. The steak was cooked to pure perfection.  It melted like butter in my mouth.  No knife was even needed.Had a wonderful meal on a quiet Tuesday night! The service was impeccable, and Kevin our waiter was delightful and informative! Appetizers included the famous BBQ shrimp and grits- 5 stars, Boudin Balls - 5 stars, oysters 5 - stars. As for dinner red snapper fish of day  - 5 stars, Louisiana creole shrimp -5 stars , but...my Drum Meunière was so salty and fish was so thin it was barely edible, potatoes were soggy and sauce was tasteless. Very sad. Another disappointment was the Wedge salad! I've had a far superior salad at BJ's chain restaurant! 
Dessert was liquid with wonderful coffee, Frangelico and Baileys! Yummy!
I would have given my review 5 stars for atmosphere and wonderful service but the Drum and wedge salad brought down my ratings!
Our visit to Emril's NOLA back in September 2016 was fabulous! And the vibe there was much younger and hipper!I have been to both Emeril's restaurants in Orlando and thoroughly enjoyed them.  I had veal cutlets over linguini with crab sprinkled very lightly over the top.  It was good but I expected it exceptional.  The atmosphere was nice in an old house and the service was great.Update- my now Wife & I finally made our way back to Delmonico in New Orleans after a long two years away! I just can't say enough about this restaurant and it's staff! 
We started at happy hour on Tuesday and the bartenders couldn't have been better! They made fabulous drinks and were very interactive with the crowd. 0.99c chargrilled oysters are bomb and the drinks are half off! Great way to start the night. 
On the way to be seated, we got to see the kitchen and talk with the chefs....super cool! Our waiter was awesome. Older foreign gentleman. Super helpful.  All the food was cooked perfectly and we are prob going back before we head back to Texas. 
Only thing that would make the experience better is running into the man himself! Bam! Let's kick it up a notch!Great place to take a date. Food is excellent. Atmosphere is quiet and very nice.  The severs are very helpful and can assist with any questions about the menu. The desserts are a must have. Save room if you can.My wife and I are traveling for our 25th anniversary ended up in New Orleans and ran across Delmonicos while we where exploring.. if I good give this place more the 5 stars I would from the staff to the amazing food. 100% coming back every chance we get!!!My husband and I celebrated our first anniversary here three years ago and had a wonderful experience, so we were excited to visit again. Unfortunately, this time, we were very disappointed. The waiters, while polite and helpful with menu suggestions, rushed us throughout the entire meal, both while ordering and eating. Also, we asked to speak with the sommelier for a wine recommendation, but he was out for the evening, so our waiter helped instead. Each of his recommendations were within the $300 range. We were glad we didn't take his suggestions, since one of our steaks was unfortunately overcooked. Finally, our table was somewhat awkwardly placed, so we had considered asking to be seated in the bar, but we were glad we didn't, as there was a hockey game playing loudly during our entire meal (loud enough so we could hear the play by play in the dining room.) I think we will skip this stop on our next visit to NOLA.This is  easily the BEST (and most expensive) of Emeril's 504 resaurants, and twice has given me meals that i have literally had dreams about.  Strict dress code.  The service is impeccable, better even (dare i say it) than Commander's, and the wine cellar is one of the best anywhere in the world.  I've done the chef's tasting on both visits, and always recieved better food than i imagined and an extra course or two thrown in on top of the already expectation-shattering cuisine.  This is the kind of food that will make you a very happy fat person, if money is not an issue.First off, i am a huge emerils fan.  We have dined at the bar overlooking the kitchen at Emerils several times.  We love that place.  I had remembered dining at Delmonaco's years ago a couple times and really loved it. So I decided to bring the family for one of our special dinners in New Orleans. Unfortunately we found the atmosphere very unwelcoming. I really believe that our waiter wish we werent there.  we were seated upstairs which I don't want nearly as much is the ground floor dining room but that was fine.  We ordered nice wine I had the dry aged ribeye.  It was a 5 on a scale of ten.  Kept on the fire too long on one side and barely finished on the other.  Pretty poor attempt at medium rare.  Son didnt really enjoy the salmon. Wont be back.I should have sent my steak back, it was overcooked. Great service, padded walls, high ceilings, and way expensive. Everything was on point except for the food and the price.By far one of the best dinners we had while in town. I highly recommend this location, not only for the great atmosphere and service but also for the amazing food. Being from NYC I am not accustomed to walking through the kitchen! My family got a huge kick out of that part! The desserts may have been my favorite part as was the appetizers! My two favorites was the Duck Prosciutto and the Pancetta wrapped dates. Actually all of the appetizers were amazing. Had a blast! 100% recommend it!I liked it better than wife did, but she is a tough cookie. Cold soup sampler was very nice and refreshing start to the metal - definitely gonna try making that watermelon gazpacho one day. The beloved loved the olives. I have to admit, I did not like the pork cheek. Not that it was bad, but it wasn't for me. I think it was a texture thing. That being said, I'd eat that rice that came with it any day and twice on Sunday. Steak was good, not $45 good, but mushroom side dish we had with it was fabulous. A+ for service: knowledgeable and very attentive, but not intrusive. The Mendoza Malbec was very nice, and the price reasonable, ca. 35 bucks or so.The bone in rib eye was excellent as well as the garlic mashed potatoes. My wife's red snapper was excellent but the bed of risotto underneath was not. It tasted like bland creamy rice. The crab ramik was absolutely phenomenal!  My wife's salad was perfectly dressed with vinaigrette. The corn and crab bisque was a let down. I was a little disappointed with the service. The waiters kept coming in and out and seemed like they were rushing us. We did not have to wait for anything but I didn't like being rushed. The waiter was also not that great at suggesting wine. He said 'ya it's good, it's still on the menu.'  Overall a great place to have great food.The four-course tasting menu is a smoking' deal and a great way to try multiple menu items. For $25 more, they'll pair each course with a wine, and the pairings really work.  We found the service confusing.  The servers were great and extremely professional.  But our wine pairings usually arrived when we were halfway through with the course, and our water glasses were topped off so frequently that it was disruptive to conversation.  Try the blue crab bruschetta - several of the ladies moaned out loud, that first bite was just so good.Food was good, but staff weren't as knowledgeable about the wine as other high end restaurants.You'll end up paying about $100-$150 per person.The food was very good. I had the jumbo shrimp. I also had a drink and it was exceptional. I highly recommend hitting this spot up if you are visiting. It's much better than the places in the French Quarter.It was fantastic. The food was great, the wait staff was constantly available. (Not in a bad way).
We did try the pork cheek, which was amazing.
I had Gumbo which was the best I've ever eaten.
My hubby drum fish, which was out of this world. Everything was cooked to perfection.Great service and ambience ! Don't forget to try the satsuma rum punch - light and refreshing not a huge fan of rum but loved this drink ! overall thought the food was ok - a little too well seasoned for my taste. The whipped potato side was great but unfortunately the food wasn't where I expected it to be -The food here is amazing. So rich and flavorful. We ordered the crispy pork cheek and duck prosciutto as an appetizer. I can say that I am not a fan of the duck prosciutto but I was curious to try it. That being said, the crispy pork cheek with the cornbread was amazing. The cornbread by itself was delicious and I don't ever eat cornbread (I normally don't like it). For entrees, my husband ordered the duck confit and I had the pork chop. The duck confit was in a sweet sauce. It was very tasty and the skin of the duck had a perfect crisp. My pork chop came with some potatoes and green beans and mushrooms; it was delicious. As I like to say "finger licking good." The meat was so tender and flavorful, it was a party of spices and seasonings in my mouth. The portions were large which we were not expecting. For a final touch, as part of our perfect anniversary dinner, we ended with a dessert - none other than the classic New Orleans bananas foster. They make it right in front of you. It takes about 3 minutes, and one order is enough for two big portions. This dessert is delicious and super sweet. All the servers were great. We did not have any drinks here besides a ginger beer and water. After being a whole week on vacation in New Orleans, our bodies don't need any alcohol for a while. We had a great time and it was a perfect dinner for our first anniversary.Good food - although I will say I tried a few things and didnt have anything that I LOVED. Still good though. I recommend to dress a little nice (guys in collared shirts).  Nice ambiance (piano player, low lighting, great wait staff).  Had the pancetta, gnocchi, Mac n cheese, seafood bisque.Wow wow wow! The grilled oysters were to die for!! I followed it up with the shrimp and linguini in a truffle butter sauce. I wanted the crawfish gnocchi too but couldn't decide, the waiter suggested I get the linguini and they would add crawfish and it was succulent.I was in town on business, and as usual, my wife had scoped out the places for me to go.  This was on the list, so I went on Sunday night after flying in from Denver.  As they make a point of how they age their own steaks on the premises, I decided to get the bone-in ribeye.  It wasn't bad, but I expected it to be better.  In fairness I probably should have given them a chance to make it right, but I didn't  think it was quite to the point of sending it back to the kitchen.  I invariably get better steaks at Elway's in Denver, hence the two stars.  They had lots of other interesting things on the menu, so I should have had something else instead.This place was simply beyond heaven. Had an amazing dinner with friends here last night.  Started with charbroiled oysters and bbq shrimp. Moved onto the drum and courtboullion. Finished with the banana foster for 2. Everything was incredibly delicious and prepared to perfection.  
The ambiance was beautiful, waiters were knowledgeable and warm and friendly and the company I was with was the best!!Great service and always AMAZING food.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in NOLAThe food here was ok, it was tough for us because we keep kosher. But the server did his best to work with us and had things made specially.  The BBQ shrimp was really nice as an app. The jalapeno corn bread would have been better if served warm. My husband really enjoyed the shrimp stew.
More than the food, the service here is incredible. I told the staff that my 7 year old daughter wants to be a chef when she grows up, so they agreed to give her a tour of the kitchen. They did a lovely bananas foster table side - my kids were in awe. The server was so nice, he had the chef sign a postcard for my little girl. It was a night she'll never forget.Service was terrible. Food was nondescript.  Waste of time and money. DO NOT COME HERE.Wow. The food was spectacular and the service was unbelievable. We felt like queens. Francisco and Charlie gave us the best service. So happy we made the choice to dine here. Thanks!!!Have been to NOLA many, many times, but never eaten at Emeril's until today!  With a live pianist stroking the 88s  (smooth jazz, blues), the ambiance is both cozy and embroidered with a feeling of opulence. 
The servers are friendly, knowledgeable and anticipayory of your every need. Every attention to detail here. 
And then the food!  Oh my goodness, the food!  I had a wonderful ribeye steak, cooked to perfection!  Along with the steak, I had pan seared brussel sprouts and the best crawfish mac and cheese with a tad of spice. BAM!  Home run!
The drinks are great, with healthy pours. Perfect celebration for my daughter's graduation from Tulane's School of Business (MBA). 
Will make it a point to always eat at Emeril's when in NOLA!  Loved it.A great experience with great friends. Everything was wonderful, from walking in and having a serving "team" greet us at the table, to incredible food, to reception hailing us a cab upon leaving. Thank you Delmonico!!!Literally had the best steak of my life...the rib eye.  Wow, just heavenly...!  Also during other visits, have tried the iceberg salad (ok), the crispy pork cheek (really rich) and the miriiton (yummy).  Be sure an ask for the bananas foster table side...so fun and really delicious!Simply outstanding. I've never had service like this before - simultaneously attentive and unobtrusive. The food - as you might expect - was fantastic, and the cocktails were outstanding as well. They make a mean old-fashioned!A great meal in a unique and high class setting. 
We had an awesome dinner at Delmonico in NOLA. Emerils team pulled out all the stops and put on a show. With an outstanding staff, great menu, and top notch drinks this was a great place to visit and enjoy a nice meal. 
Reservations are highly recommended and when your there try the rum punch; too good.
Enjoy!This restaurant was good, but not great.  Usually I'd expect to have fantastic service from a restaurant that has "Emeril" plastered on it, yet this place fell short.  We were treated more like we were ignorant than anything else.
The food was great, not fantastic, but their accoutrements appetizer platter was wonderful, with in-house cured meats and pickled veggies.
Unfortunately service is really important to me, especially if we're paying a pretty penny for it.   I won't go here again next time I visit NOLA.  I'd rather go to Mother's or Acme Oyster House and pay less for better tasting grub!I will start by saying if I could give this place ten stars, I would. My husband an I chose this restaurant on a whim for a nice dinner for just the two of us. We made the reservation through open table which was very easy. We showed up about thirty minutes before our reservation and the hostess checked us in and showed us to the bar where we could sit and wait to be called. The bar was fantastic! There was a piano player playing all the classics and new age pop. The ambience was relaxing and upbeat at the same time. We had about 15 minutes before we were called (still 15 minutes before reservation time) and were sat at a beautiful table in the middle of the restaurant. The piano music carried through the whole restaurant and it was delightful. For food we had the jumbo lump crabmeat remick and for dinner I had a 6oz petite filet and my husband had the New York strip. For sides we chose the Brussel sprouts and Mac n cheese. For dessert we split the cinnamon roll bread pudding. All of our selections, included the bottle of cab, we ordered were due to our servers suggestions. He was spot on. I wish I remembered his name so you could ask for him when you go :(. On top of the food, we had two other servers so our drink never got close to empty. On our way out, the valet called us a cab and we were on our way in five minutes tops. When we come back to New Orleans, we will go back and I suggest you stop by.If you can ask for Fransisco as a server. He is absolutely amazing! Joshua was part of his team and he never let my water get less than 1/4 of the glass empty. Now that's what I call service. The food was behind amazing and something we have never experienced. Our table did the summer tasting and it was well worth the money. As a little cherry on top each team member said goodbye to by our name upon leaving. Overall we were completely blown out of the service and in love with the food. A must do treat in New Orleans!Great cozy place. Good food. Chef even made a special vegetarian dish for me since there wasn't any Vegetarian entree in the menu.We had the best dinner experiences we have ever had tonight. The food was amazing and it was made even more special by our waiter, Verne, who was charming, funny, and perfect at what he does.  We started with the crab croquettes, then shared a blt salad, and finished with steaks and bananas foster.  The whole team there was fantastic. We were especially thrilled to listen to the piano player -- what a treat. Thanks for a wonderful experience, and thank you to Verne!  Ask for Verne and ask for him to make you a Verne Foster for dessert.Overrated and overpriced.  The first table they gave us was literally in the middle of the doorway leading into the main dining room; my seat was basically next to the hostess stand.  We asked to move and they led us through the kitchen to a back room full of parties with 8+ people at each table.  I couldn't even hear myself think, let alone have a conversation with the two other people I was with.  
We asked to be moved once more and the GM was very nice about it. They finally brought us to the upstairs dining room where more than half the tables were empty.  It would be understandable if these tables were already reserved for other groups, but it was 9:30pm and the dinner rush was certainly winding down by then.  The food itself was okay, but everything is so overpriced and I've had much better meals in my lifetime.  The iceberg wedge salad consisted of a just couple of pieces of lettuce and the other usual ingredients, but for $10, it was really unremarkable.  Every other steak place I've been to that has a wedge salad on its menu gives you about 3 times the amount they served us at Emeril's.  The NY Strip was prepared well, but the duck was very tough and chewy. Again, I've had much better for the price and you'd be better off spending your money elsewhere.Best service ever. Food was overall wonderful, but some dishes were more wonderful than others. The salmon had a fantastic crust that is some voodoo magic because no one at my table could figure out how that was made. The black eyed peas and greens were a great combo without being mush. The swordfish was delicate and simple but could have had a tiny tad bit more umph. The eggplant was to die for, but the jambalaya also needed a bit more umph. Dessert selection was incredible with variety and unique pairings of favors. Blueberry cheesecake cobbler! Oh my!This restaurant really checked all the boxes off for being a great experience: accommodated a large-ish group, great food, great drinks, reasonable prices, and nice service.
For drinks, the Sazerac is great for anybody who likes stronger drinks, while the King's Cup that they had around Mardi Gras was great for anyone else. 
Agree with other Yelpers that the confit pork cheek is definitely worth a try. The gumbo felt very traditional with nothing too crazy attempted. The duck breast entree was probably one of the best duck dishes I've had.
The portions were very generous, and on top of that they had some addictive cornbread that they kept refilling for us.Came for early Valentine's day and it was simply wonderful. Emeril's Delmonico is quite simply the best fine dining restaurant in New Orleans, and the reason is two-fold:  Incomparable service and outstanding food. Waitcaptain Francisco Dusan, as always, both oversaw and personally delivered perfect service, The food was, as always, perfectly delicious.  Nothing whatsoever could have been done to make the experience any better. Once again, a special occasion was made even more special thanks to Emeril's incredible food and Francisco's incomparable service!!I came to Delmonico's in 2004, before the hurricane wiped everything out. This IS THE BEST. Best Service, EXCELLENT Cosmopolitans, KNOCK YOU OUT Jack and Coke, and the seafood is out of this world. I will always remember the seafood medley I had... don't remember the name, but it had clams, muscles, calamari, red sauce, last but not least, the BABY CRAB CLAWS! They were so flavorful with the real taste of fresh crab, and tender. DELICIOUS. Definitely will visit again when New Orleans is not hit with hurricanes. The little house the restaurant is located is also very charming. The restrooms was very charming as well-- very Victorian.I had an excellent meal here and the service was amazing. Highly recommend the boudin balls and the drum mennieure!Really, really good.  We split three dishes and each was excellent, especially the spectacular charcouterie sampler. And the service was impeccable.Still knocking out excellent service and outstanding food.  Started off with a cheese and cured meat plate and had the NY Strip with grits, greens and yams.  All off the chain.  Their mini cornbread starter is still the best I have ever tasted and the attention to details is bar none.
Valet service is still free and if you can ask them for downstairs seating so you ca enjoy the piano coming from the bar.It was so amazing. I ordered the lamb shank and it was so tender I just used my fork. I'd never had a plantain before, but it comes with it and thought it was really great too. My hubby ordered the 6 oz filet, brussel sprouts, and lyonnaise potatoes. The brussel sprouts were so tasty and were probably my favorite. We like to eat half then switch plates so we can try everything. The steak was tender and was served with 3 sauces. My favorite was the worcestershire, but the bernaise was great too. For dessert, if you don't get the blueberry cheesecake bread pudding, you will miss out. That was literally the best dessert I've had in NOLA. My only complaint was that I noticed that they don't really have vodka or rum drinks on the menu. I don't like whiskey which is what they mostly had. My husband loves it and had the barrel-aged vieux carre. He said he liked it. I would definitely recommend this place and would eat here again.My husband took me here for Valentine's day, and we had a blast.  The food was delicious and inventive. Our Favorite was the green onion sausage stuffed bell pepper.  
The only drawback is that is is super expensive.  210 dollars for just me and him, and we only had one glass of wine each.  You can get good meals all over in New Orleans.  I am not saying it wasn't a good meal, but it wasn't the best for the price.  Just keep that in mind before visiting.We went here for Valentine's day this year and WHAT a treat!
Even though our waiter was a bit sarcastic, I found his humor to be worth the show.  
We both ordered steaks, they were delicious.  Almost a no brainer.
We ordered salads, also very good.
But the most entertaining aspect of this place is the banana's fosters.  SO if you can keep from stuffing yourself, or not, because I know I couldn't you definitely should get this.  
They make a whole show of bringing it to the table and firing it up and putting it on your plate.  It was wonderful and I know that my husband will tell you the same. 
MMMMMM good!Fantastic!  Best Ribeye ever...phenomenal service, everything was outstanding.
My new favorite restaurant in New Orleans!Five stars for service and the experience they created for my friend's bachelorette dinner!
I'm usually wary of celebrity chef places, but I've read all about Emeril has really given back to the city, and my friends who love food also loved this place.  
We started off in the lounge area where the guy at the piano serenaded us to songs like "All of me" by John Legend and "My Girl."  Drinks were good, including the house hurricane (not too much like fruit punch) and the blood orange smash.
Once we were brought upstairs, our team of servers was very attentive and not stuffy at all.  Water was CONSTANTLY refilled, and they even bring you fresh glasses at the end of the meal.
Food:
- Crispy pork cheeks over red rice: surprisingly not too fatty but nice and crisped, great flavor
- Andouille: a trio of sausage, andouille on goat cheese and crostini, and another version that I didn't get to try. It was a nice showcase of different preparations of sausage
- Gnocchi with sausage: good texture on the gnocchi
- House Cornbread: topped with butter and served in cast iron skillets.  This was complimentary and was way better than most bread baskets
- Mac n cheese: a little under seasoned for me
- Asparagus: iberico cheese melted on top was a nice touch; asparagus was tender
- Brussels sprouts: nicely roasted, definitely a favorite
- Chard: very flavorful, good meat flavor
- Fries: well seasoned skinny fries
- Gumbo: not as strong in flavor as I expected but not bad
- Sauteed redfish: redfish topped with lots of crab, served over swiss chard and lots of lentils.  The toasted almonds added a nice texture, and the satsuma butter was good for the citrus.  Even though it was my second night of red fish, I still really enjoyed the dish
- Filet: the favorite of the table - tender and well seasoned. It came with 3 sauces including a chimichurri, but even on its own, it was very flavorful
You have to end your night with a table-side bananas foster.  The show is always fun, but the actual fish was nice and boozy without being too sweet.  
After this, let's just say the servers made it a very memorable and entertaining dinner.  Lloyd and his team went above and beyond to make it an amazing experience for all of us.  They were seriously the highlight of our bachelorette trip to NOLA!