Great service and experience, you feel treated while eating empanadas, highly recommend the alfajores!Very friendly staff! They took their time exposing the different flavors. I had three and loved them all! Sooo good! When they ran out of the salad they offered me a replacement salad and a free empanada. I will be back! Thank you!I got the Beef Bourguignon and Spinach and Artichoke empanada combo with the tomato basil soup. I don't know if I would consider them empanadas, they certainly didn't look like what I think empanadas look like. They did taste pretty good, I loved the spinach and artichoke one! They were a little pricey for the size ($5ish a pop). The soup was ok, tasted a bit like the Big Cheesy's tomato basil. Not sure if I'd come back.Pros: Great food (ordered the crawfish empanada); great price; great location--loved the environment
Cons: N/ADiggity dang good! It's a bit overpriced but these suckers sure are good. I would really like to try one of each kindWhat a nice surprise. In the area just a few blocks from the Museums is a place called the Auction Market. I ate there twice and the second time, I chose Empanola for my early dinner. Alex was my counter help and he explained what I could have as a Vegan options. Alex was friendly, helpful and conversational. This made the experience worth investing in, with my $$$. I ordered the Ratatouille Empanada, Green Salad and Tomato Basil soup. The combination was just the light early dinner I needed. The empanadas are not made on site, but near by, in a kitchen, then frozen, so that they can be on demand and still fresh once cooked. 
I would go back again, when I come back to see more of the museums around the warehouse district. It doesn't have a great deal of options for Vegans, but it sure has just enough for light fare.Got a take out from the new one on Freret. Best empanadas ever! They don't stint on the heat. And the salad is delicious. And the person behind the counter is very kind. Will be a loyal customer.Glad I tried this spot; not glad I paid ~$15 for two small empanadas and a misleadingly small bowl of soup. As others have mentioned, the prices are uncalled for. I love supporting local small businesses more than most, but $5.50 for an empanada not nearly the size of my palm is too much. 
A+ for creativity and flavors though. I had the gumbo and beef bourguignon along with tomato basil soup. All were perfectly seasoned and I especially enjoyed how much I could taste the red wine in the bourguignon sauce. So delish!All the stalls in St. Roch Market are good.  The empanadas  here were great.  Nice selection of filings and other dishes too. Very good service.I've had empanadas all over this city and recently tried some Florida and in Central America, but this place has the BEST empanadas! 
The owners are from Chile and Argentina, and they worked with an experienced French baker and chef to perfect the recipe for the dough to get the perfect amount of flaky layers. They offer several different flavors and make ALL the empanadas by hand. 
The empanadas are baked to order, so it does take 10-15 minutes, but they are served hot and with homemade sauces (so good!). I always get the combo with a salad, so I don't feel so guilty about devouring a few but save the empanadas for my last bite!
My favorite is the spinach-artichoke, but I suggest trying them all!We had the crawfish, beef b. and gumbo. All there were good but the crawfish was amazing. They packed the empanada full of crawfish etouffee. The crust is flaky but firm enough to hold up to the filing. The service was great. As another commented, they are slightly over priced.I sooo wanted to love this freakin empanada! Anything wrapped in a flaky dough is my jam and this place does make a buttery, flaky dough. This place is suited for pick up although there are a few high top stools and outside seating. They make these to order so definitely order in advance as they take 15-20 min to bake.
I chose a simple empanada..the Argentina. It was supposed to be filled with ground beef, onions, peppers, olives and scramble eggs...although mine lacked egg..unless i missed it. It was pretty small for the price and tasted okay.  It came with a tomato based dipping sauce that didnt really pair well with it. The staff was friendly and they have several different empanada options so i do want to give them another chance to win me over.The empanadas were good but very expensive. $5.50 an empanada of that size is a lot. I understand they're in uptown New Orleans but still pretty pricey. I got the 2 empanada combo that comes with a choice of soup or salad. I got the salmon and leek and the crawfish empanada with the tomato basil soup. There is a 15 min wait because they're baked freshReally enjoyable, but the 15 minute cook time was a deterrent. I liked the crawfish étouffée empanadas, however the time it took to cook seemed a bit excessive. While this was a nice treat during the holiday break, this wouldn't be something I could order during a lunch break. All in all good, but not great.Great find!! The Nutella and the spinach empanada are the things you dream about, make your mouth salivate and want to have again. Price was good. The drink selection in glass bottles was nice as well.  Defiantly a hidden gem in NOLA.Popped in at the Auction house to check it out, had dinner earlier in the night and was looking for a delicious snack! I tried the salmon and leeks empanada. It was soooo delicious! For the size of the empanada and how it was really filled i felt it was definitely a great price. 
I can't wait to go back and share a few with my husband so we can taste the other options !!! It was super hard walking away and not bringing home a dessert empanada as well !!! Can't wait to go back !I've been seeing the pictures for a few days now and the craving for these little Latin American treats has been building and BUILDING! So after a one day trip that turned into a four day trip I decide to treat myself to EMPANOLA as soon as I got home. 
Located in the St. Roch Market Empanola is serving some yummy empanadas with a little French/Cajun twist.
The menu is straight forward; you can buy individual empanadas or a combo that allows you to pick your savory fillings. I went with the Ham & Cheese, Crawfish and Beef Bourguignon (the French twist). 
The empanadas took a little longer then expected but that's because they are freshly baked per order. The Ham & Cheese was my favorite, took me right back to being a kid at my grandma's kitchen. The crawfish and beef were also tasty but to me they  didn't jive with the delicious sauces.
Empanola is a great addition to the New Orleans food scene and I will def be back for more of these lovely flaky crust treats!I have loved Empanola since trying them a year or two ago at St. Roch. Always a go to when I'm in the city.  I'm so happy that they have their own place now, as well.  We showed up after the saints game and they were very accommodating to our group even though they were very slow that night.  The food is always fresh..my favorites are the ham and cheese, spinach and etouffee empanadas but honestly they are all amazing.  Definitely recommend.Sooooo good! OMG I tried it on ubereats and I was nervous thinking I might not like it because I'm not super familiar with empanadas but the beef and arginine 1 was amazing I also got the gorgonzola and onions 1...lots of flavor! I think the other two were my favorite but I still love them all. I would definitely love to try them all. The green sauce is sooo good! I also got the apple Danish 1 and it was also very fresh almost like a French tart or something. I would love to try the praline 1. Either way...it was amazing and I suggest everyone try it. I imagine they have to mix the inside stuff together before hand it all tasted like it had so much yummy flavor so I think they must let it marinade! It's honestly something everyone could love. Even picky Easters. The dough was also very yummy not over cooked! This is my new fav spot!!!! Try it!!!!!!We went there for a lunch in the garden district however were disappointed. The empanadas were nice but the quantity is seriously lacking. For a $5.50 empanadas, you expect a little more than a small bite size. Also, the empanadas were frozen. The tomato basil soup was average. I request the mgt to provide a decent size portions for the money charges or change the price to reflect actual portions.What an awesome spin on traditional South American empanadas. They have the most creative fillings, each one I've tried being out of this world. This time I got the pecan, blue cheese and onion, because if I'm just ordering one I can't orde anything else. The onions are perfectly caramelized, the bleu cheese flavor blends in and adds a nice creamy texture. If you don't like bleu cheese you should still try it!! The bleu cheese isn't overpowering. The pecans also had a nice crunch in it with the texture. No photo unfortunately because I got really excited and ate it all.Since visiting Argentina; these empanadas are the closest I've come in constant with (in Nola). I've been numerous times and each time the empanadas have been consistent. They tell youu upfront The wait is 15-20mins. I appreciate the wait especially since they are baked to order and not pre-baked. As of writing this review the Freret St. location offers a student discount and takes splash bucks--minor perk.Empanadas are good. But this place still needs to get their act together. Expect to wait for your order.... or call ahead and do a pick up. Not much seating area... 8 bar stools and counters and 2 bistro tables for 2 outside. Mainly a takeout place. The empanadas take a while to bake... and they do each order individually so you can easily wait 30 min to an hour for your order.... they need to find a way to be more efficient and they will do great! 
For now, call ahead!Went in to grab a snack and man they know what they're doing! I got the crawfish empanada... It was a life changing experience. The sweetest two ladies were working and jamming out while they were cooking. Love to see this small business thriving during this times. Will definitely return!Everything was delicious and for a great price. The lady working was very friendly. Also had the happy hour special empanada sampler featuring 6 different mini empanadas.Hours are listed completely differently on the website, Yelp page, and on the front door. Very inconsiderate when you close in the middle of the day. Will update my review whenever I can catch them while they're open.I didn't have much expectations for this little countertop in Auction House Market. And maybe that's what they mean when they say, "never judge a book by it's cover." Although we had to wait a while, they were fabulous!!!!!! I love that they had a medium sized picture display of all their products. For those, such as myself, whom aren't familiar...we can visually pick our choice. The dough/pastry is apparently French style. Which explained the butter and flakey end product. The crawfish empanada tasted like heaven! We got the 2 empanadas with a side salad to try. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.I was tired of all my normal take out places and decided to check this place out. So glad I did!!!  So good!!!  I got the cheese and shrimp, chicken, and
Mushroom and cheese empanadas. Plus the banana fosters (good but not "amazing" like the others).  All were excellent!  Very far from the empanadas I know from my 3 years living in Puerto Rico (but empanadas are from all over and I was a gringo living there a short time)....but I would eat these every day if I could!  I can't wait to check out the rest of the options!I have been sitting here for 35 minutes and counting waiting for my food. Thought this place would be a quick in and out and everyone's orders have taken forever. The disorganization and incompetence is off the charts. The woman working behind the counter was on FaceTime for 5 minutes before taking my order, and the continued to FaceTime instead of working. There were difficulties with the receipt machine that somehow occupied all the workers in the store and delayed the entire process. This is disrespectful.The service was terrible! I was expecting the same great service that I receive at the auction house location and was very disappointed. We were not greeted when we walked in. The brunette cashier had a very rude attitude and acted as if we were stupid when we asked her a simple question about the new king cake. We asked the newer employee a question and she was nice enough to look it up. They did not label our to go order so we had no idea whose order was who's. I certainty won't suggest that location!So excited this food concept opened a store front! Good vegetarian options, although I always want more. Great music, service, and very clean too!Amazing empanadas!!! 10/10! The beef one from Argentina was my favorite one. So so good!Incredible empanadas! New Orleans needed something like this. Tasty, crunchy and home made! I'll definitely go again. Perfect to share with friends and family.This is one of the more unique restaurants I've been to in New Orleans, and although it's not one of the best, it definitely is a place I can see myself coming back to again. Unfamiliar with empanadas before I visited, I didn't expect the food to be what it was: essentially soft, flaky patties with various meats, vegetables, and spices within. As a result, I was pleasantly surprised when I received it. That being said, the taste wasn't anything amazing. The texture was good and the meat was fine, but the patties and stuffing were very moist, indicating pretty clearly it was previously frozen and not fresh. Also, the service wasn't great, with the food taking longer than the waiter indicated, them dropping one of the entrees I ordered, resulting in me getting two of the same entrees instead, and the building being far too warm. Not the best experience, overall, but the food was filling, and they took my student dining dollars, making it a nice change from on-campus restaurants.So good!! Raquel helped me out and I got the mushroom and cheese empanada :) SO good. Perfect little setting with a nice seating area. I loved the windows so the light shined in. Definitely will be coming back hereI love empañadas, after spending a few years down in Santiago Chile  I search for these anywhere I go. Love the New Orleans twist they've taken with them him. You won't be disappointed so stop by and give these a go. Gumbo was great and of course I had to do the Argentina as well. I'd suggest they add a Chilean "Pino"In my fairly well researched opinion, this place is the peak of the Auction House Market. It takes a few minutes (13 in fact) to get your empenada, but they're all fantastic, ESPECIALLY the Gumbo.  Really nice execution and all...four times I've been in the service has been pleasant.I love this place. I've had maybe half the menu at this point. Salmon & Leeks is my favorite and their salad is amazing. The vinaigrette is great, but very sour so I'd ask for that on the side.In town for a conference, went walkabout at lunch, looking for inspiration. Found myself at Auction House Market, a sort of indoor bar/cafe ringed by a half-dozen food stalls, one of which is Empanola. Tried the Argentinian and the Mexican corizo empanadas, and they were honestly among the tastiest I've ever had - definitely on the small and expensive side, but totally worth it. The tomato basil soup that came with the combo was fine, nothing to write home about, but the empanadas were absolutely delicious. The next time I'm in NOLA, I'll make a point of returning.BEAUTIFUL AND HAND CRAFTED 
See my pic. These empanadas are absolutely stunning pieces of pastry. In fact, each variety receives its own special shape and design. The crust is flaky but egg-washed so it doesn't burn under the conveyor pizza oven.
The cheese shrimp was my favorite, especially with a big dollop of the cilantro lime cream sauce. The muffuletta was packed with olive salad and cheese. The "gumbo" had an odd cloying sweet flavor though.
BUT IT IS NOT QUICK
These pastries are not pre made and frozen but are made to order. Then it takes them a good 10 minutes to cook.Randomly decided to try one and got the mushroom and cheese by suggestion.
It was so flaky and crispy!! I was worried the cheese flavor would be over powering but it was so balanced. So glad I decided to get one even tho I was already full.I can't say enough great things about Empanola!  Charming neighborhood vibe, with a few tables outside and a few more inside.  Spotlessly clean.  Super friendly staff who will happily help you select from the freshly made empanadas in the case.  Great variety of mostly savory options and one or two sweets.  
I ordered four to go, the crawfish étouffée, mushroom & cheese, Argentine beef and Peruvian chicken, along with a bowl of tomato basil soup.  After waiting 5-6 minutes for the empanadas to bake, they were packaged, bagged and ready to go.  The smells coming from the backseat had my mouth watering for 20 minutes as I rushed home.  
Every bite was a taste sensation like no other!  I honestly can't pick a favorite as they were all amazing... and filling!  We each had two empanadas with a cup of soup, for the perfect lunch. 
I heard a rumor that they may be opening a second location on Magazine Street.  I hope they continue to grow this winning concept with the cool name and perfect meat pies, each branded with the flavor so no guessing when you get home!Unbelievable. Just have to wait 15 min for your order. 
They are made fresh raw the packed frozen. So for them to bake them it takes time.Location; within a the neighborhood close to Tulane University.  Lovely little spot perfect for the snack we needed.  
Menu; Have to say I have tried many, but my empanada was pretty darn tasty! Today I ordered the Spinach and Artichoke empanada, it was so good and have to mention the green sauce. The green sauce was so amazing, almost wanted to take a gallon with me to dip everything in.  
Service; super outgoing and helpful.At first I was a little put off by the price but the quality is amazing!!! We tried four different empanadas and each one was perfect with its own complete flavor profile. The rich, crispy butter pastry makes it perfect and even more filling. Even the homemade tomato soup is a winner on its own. Stylish space for a quick bite to eat in, friendly staff. Will be back for sure!The savory empanadas were fine, but they were not at all authentic or made by hand. The apple dessert empanada was gross. Seems like the empanadas were pulled out of a package and heated for 15 min. Not worth the wait.The food is good. I ordered a second empanada and the guy took it out of the refrigerator with his bare hands. I WAS NOT HAPPY, I brought it to his attention and he didn't do anything better. All he said was yeah I should have used gloves and it cooks at a high temperature.Found some empanadas from Empanola in the old hot line at Rouses on Carrollton, which is great when I don't want to make the trek Uptown to their restaurant! 
The downside - they only have three flavors available at the Rouses -  Crawfish Etouffe, Shrimp, and Spinach & Artichoke - and I wish they had the chicken one available there as it was my favorite when I tried them before. BUT, c'est la vie. The Shrimp & Artichoke was the one I got and was soft and fluffy and flavorful. No flavor overpowered one another and it meshed very well. 
They also unfortunately don't have the sauce accompaniments available at Rouses, but it's a great choice for a quick lunch! It was 3 good-sized empanadas for $10.Review is for delivery only. BUT HOLY COW these are delicious!
I first discovered empanola last year when Rouse's had them in their restaurant to go section. Shrimp & cheese empanadas, yes please!
Fast forward to this week... and some coworkers and I had received a delivery GC from a pandemic project we had worked on. So we ordered the munchies pack. Six empanadas were the perfect way to close out the project. Ordering was easy online and now that I know where they are I'll have to driver over and get some more! One of my coworkers loved hers so much (shrimp & cheese and crawfish ettouffe) that she order more today for a family event this evening. 
Don't sleep on these delicious treats! No pandemic comments since I had them delivered by a 3rd party.Omg soooo delicious. Empanola is located in Auction House Market and is worth the venture inside to pick up! 
I got three separate savory empanadas, but they do have sweet options as well (like a Banana Foster one, YUM). My favorite was by far the Chicken Peruvian with black olives and parm cheese. It was delicious. They even have a vegan one too. Try something new for lunch and enjoy Empanola!This was BY FAR our favorite place to eat during our trip to New Orleans. We're still talking about these empanadas several months later!! You get to choose from a variety of options with different flavors and fillings but the hard part is choosing which ones to get. On the menu, it says "One is never enough." and that absolutely true. We all picked the 3 pack so we could try as many different flavors as we could and we still didn't try them all! And though we didn't order any of the veggie empanadas, I'm happy to see they're offered for the non-meat eating folks. The sauces you get with your order are yummy, but not needed, as the empanadas are so flavorful and delicious all on their own. Warm, flaky, moist, and filled to the brim with goodness. Yum!! There's a few small tables outside to enjoy your food but really, these make a great portable meal to just grab & go. If you're in the area, go right now to order 3 (or more!!) empanadas and if you're not local, think about making a trip just for Empanola. Seriously. :)Great empanadas, super tasty!
Highly recommended, and the location is wonderful! 
My favorite was the beef and mushrooms empanada, but all of them tasted great.So amazing! Found this adorable shop while walking my dog on freret st. I stopped in for lunch and went back for next three days, having immediately decided I would try everything on the menu. Everything I've had is delicious! My favorites are the chicken Peruvian and salmon & leek, and my boyfriend gets the beef Argentina every single time. The combo with two and a salad is perfect for lunch. They also travel super well through food delivery!Great spot for a quick bite to eat.
Super friendly service and great sauces.
The only thing I need to mention is that they sell out quick! Make sure you go earlier in the day.I tried 4 varieties of the Empanadas from the Freret St. location today!  Chicken Peruvian, Chorizo Mexicana, Argentina and the Beef Bourguignon.  Beef was by far my favorite but all are great.  Nice flaky crusts packed with great flavors.  I'm excited to try more of these in the future and stoked to have the place in my neighborhood!Even in NOLA, where all the food is delicious, Empanola stands out for its amazing flavors. Where else can you find a Gumbo empanada??  It paired perfectly with their homemade hot sauce and cilantro lime dipping sauce. 
With tons of meal options (1 empanada with salad, 2 with soup, 20 to go!), Empanola is the perfect place for a quick lunch or a hearty dinner. Their ham and cheese empanada is filled with gooey cheese, and their tomato soup tastes like fresh summer tomatoes. 
If you're in Uptown, you have to check this place out.My friend and I stopped by during one afternoon to grab a late lunch. I got the beef argentina, chicken peruvian, and crawfish etouffee. The crawfish etouffee one was ok, but the chicken and beef were way too salty, especially the chicken one. Our orders also took quite a long time, and they forgot my friend's salad.  Left much to be desired.Went here looking for a quick spot to grab dinner. The empanadas were ok, nothing extraordinary. All of the empanadas are pre-made and heated up in an oven. There was kind of a long wait for our food to be ready considering it just had to be ovened. The side salad was good, overall the meal was ok but pricey for what it is.If you have a lot time to waste for a simple empanada stop here, the empanada is frozen and super watery, difficult to eat .  Bad experience!!  I leave the food!!!I could eat the shrimp and cheese empanada all day everyday, it's so good, and the shop is very cute and I'm a huge fan.So, I am very embarrassed to admit this, but this shop is less than three blocks from my house and it took me five months to stop here.  Let me be the cautionary whale here; don't do this to yourself!
In my defense, I very rarely go do some of the streets around me because it doesn't make a whole lot of sense for my daily comings and goings.  However, I am puppy sitting a dog with entirely too much energy, so I have found myself going on 2-3 mile journeys every day and I don't like taking the same way twice.  Fast forward to the fact that I've now made the effort to eat here almost every week this past month!
The menu is basic.   You have a selection of empanadas, in mostly unique flavors (hey  breakfast beschamel and beef bourginon empanadas, I'm looking at the two of you!), a trio of sauces to choose from, and some basic beverages.  You order what you want (averaging maybe $4 a piece, or you can get combos with multiples, soup, or salad type things), and they pop it in the conveyor oven and it's served hot and fresh right there for you.
There's a couple of bar type seats in side and two picnic tables outside.  It's a small operation, but if you're taking it to go, or to eat while you're walking a rambunctious pup, it's really quick and easy.  Everyone who works there is very accommodating, and it's always at least worth swinging by to check out the daily special to see what you might be missing out on.
Long story short, I find myself walking by here and never being disappointed by stopping in.  Give them a try, especially if you like empanadas/pasties/handpies/meatpies/etc.  WORTH IT.i got the crawfish etouffee empanadas through doordash and they're delicious! they look cute too! i wish they had some rice inside but the crawfish etouffee is so good.Ordered--Empanadas:
Mexican chorizo
Peruvian chicken
Mushroom and cheese 
Banana and Nutella 
Food: 
Savory empanadas here are so good! Filling is generous, crust is flaky, and empanadas are all quite large and beautifully folded. They are all heated to order so any with cheese get super melty for that perfect cheese pull. Peruvian chicken was a bit bland on its own but good when eaten with the accompanying sauces. Banana and Nutella was ok; it delivered the promised flavors but was a little heavy to me after eating all the other empanadas and banana is mashed and not in whole pieces.
Service and Ambiance:
You should definitely note that the empanadas take around 15 minutes to heat up, unlike most empanada places I've been to that are essentially grab and go, so this isn't a fast bite. This locations is inside the Auction House Market food hall which also contains multiple other food/beverage vendors. I like that you can cobble together an eclectic meal of your choosing by going to different stands and individuals in groups can each get whatever they want. The main Market has clean, modern feeling with lots of white marble and metal accents and there's a cozy lounge with couches and low lighting next door if you want to get away from the crowds.
Tl;dr 
Great savory empanadas inside a nice food hall.Ordered to go before leaving town. The food was amazing! Very flavorful!!!! I tried the sampler with the crawfish, shrimp and cheese, and beef bourguignon empanadas. The sauces were just the right accompaniment. 
I will definitely be back when I return in a few months and will bring the family with me!Honestly, I have been reading some reviews that are completely inaccurate with the business. Every time I go the service is amazing and the empanadas are incredible. They take about 13 min but the empanadas are baked and they taste fresh. Empanola is NOT FAST FOOOD, quality takes time and I am fine with that. Don't loose your chance to go and try this place. You can taste the love!I have been to empanola before and enjoyed their empanadas so couldn't wait until they reopened.  they recently reopened so i ordered the spinach and artichoke - which was really good; the ratatouille - which was alright; and the crawfish which apparently was also good
the spinach empanada with the accompanying mint sauce wasI am from South America and these empanadas are the most legit ones in New Orleans, hell, all the US. The crust is flaky, warm, buttery, and plain delicious. The fillings are decadent and an explosion of flavor. Don't sleep on the onion pecan and blue cheese empanada, the flavor profiles just had me coming back for more! The staff is friendly and you can definitely feel and more importantly taste their love made products. Over all one of the better spots in Uptown, hands down. Must try!!Favorite spot on the block! High quality, delicious, numerous options, friendly staff. Great for a snack or lunch! Totally worth checking out.Absolutely delicious! Had been on my list to try for some time now and I'm so glad we finally did! I can't pick a favorite- everything we tasted was delicious! Amazing flaFriendly staff and cute place! Will definitely be back! a few tables outside (perfect for a pretty day) and some bar seating inside. This location seems to be  more for take out than their Magazine St location.I came here with a friend from work for lunch. I got the crawfish etoufee and the spinach and artichoke empanada and I have to tell ya it was delicious! My friend got the crawfish and the gumbo. The pastry was incredible. I htink I actually liked the spinach and artichoke a tad better! The only thing is that I ordered first and my frien had hers come out and eat before I even got mine. Timing really needs work. Besides that I will return!  We wen to Auction House Market!I absolutely loved the crawfish etouffee empanada!!! It gave me so much life I almost gave them 4 stars because I was mad it was so small and i wanted more but it was delicious!!!! I almost ordered another one but I showed some restraint for a change. This is definitely a must try place inside of the auction house.Best tres leches I've had in a while! The meringue top was soft a delicious. Couldn't try the empanadas because of allergies but recommend this place on the desserts alone.Pretty legit empenadas.  I highly recommend the traditional styles, but the Cajun fusion meat pockets are pretty great as well.  
Overall here is the breakdown of my rating:
Taste:  5/5 - awesome 
Atmosphere:  4/5 - small location with very little seating
Price:  4/5 - a bit expensive for what you getThe Gumbo Empanada is the best one I've had. Chorizo is also great. The Cilantro Sauce and the hot sauce are both amazing. It's pretty expensive, but worth it.Small, Quaint shop with big flavor! Had the beef bourguignon, onion pecan and blue cheese, and the muffuletta! And you betta believa Ima comin backa!
They even have breakfast empanadas! 
Sauces that come with them are fairly traditional sauces, a spicy one and a cilantro one, both added great zest and flavor to an already delicious assortment of 'panadas! 
None were greasy and they were baked well! 
Get some emps and a salad for around $13.I would describe them as drunk food. Really wanted to love this place, but the empanadas are really greasy they fall apart after one bite. 
The dough is really flaky and has good flavor even though they are frozen, the filling is too much (Ik how can that be a bad thing?) But they are very watery so every time you bite into it, it spills out.
The soups and salads are ok. The basil tomato tasted more like red salsa than soup and the salads are fresh and taste good.Empa Nola
If you're ever in the auction house market you may drive right past @empanola. A small family business, traveling all the way from Chile and Argentina. They've mixed a little of our New Orleans cuisine with their South American empanadas. 
 Khi and I went during what we call snack time and decided to give a few of these bad boys a shot. 
Khi loved the shrimp and cheese empanada with green onion, shrimp, and mozzarella cheese while I grabbed the crawfish etouffeé one. Unfortunately, it was missing a little bit of that creole taste or maybe just a little salt. Then I ate the chorizo mexicana empanadas which I enjoyed much better! The empanadas came with two sauces. I was not sure what they were but one was green the other was red. The green one had more of a cilantro lime taste and the red had a tomato taste. 
 We also added tomato soup, which was very yummy, very homemade. The soup was paired with a spring green salad made with cranberries, mixed greens, feta, and sunflower seeds with a vinaigrette dressing.
 Finally, Khi and I loved the Banana Foster/Nutella empanada! Amazing! Warm chocolate goodness! Inside was stuffed with banana, cinnamon and pecans!  So good! 
OverallFresh & tastes homemade. King cake fantastic! Today guava & cream cheese. They have Vegan choices too. Safe neighborhood with off the street parking.Excellent!  Best and original I've had.
Wonderful pastry exterior with yummy ingredients inside.  Like empanadas? Gotta check it out!
Dont know about empanadas? Think LA meat pies as a point of departure.Best empanadas in the city! They taste really fresh and you can't pass up the happy hour deals. My favorite flavors were the Chicken Peruvian and the crawfish, but I don't think you could really go wrong with any of them. I liked that they offer such unique flavors!