I don't eat eggs or many breakfast foods, so instead of the proverbial grits and bacon, I got The Manhattan Project. I only have one thing to say:
God bless America.I am constantly in pursuit of the best veggie burger in New Orleans--which is as hard as it sounds.  The veggie burger at Empire State Deli is not just one of the best veggie burgers in New Orleans, but probably the best veggie burgers I have ever had anywhere. Why have I never been here before?! This is an oasis in the lack-of-vegetarian-food-desert that is New Orleans.  
The veggie burger is so good, that I think a lot of non-vegetarians would really like it also. Eat here immediatelythe only thing good about the sandwich, I was able to make 2more sandwichs which I kicked it up a notchI've been here twice.  Both times I've called my order in ahead of time and I've been told my order would be ready in 15 minutes. Each time I've had to wait 45 min to an hour to get my food. And each time I've asked about my order, I'm only greeted with rude responses and attitude from the employees. Considering the high price, the long wait, rude attitude, and the mediocre food, this place is not worth it.  Don't waste your time or money.So yummy, fresh, local and the onion rings are killer.  Best sandwich hidden gem casual lunch spot in the CBD.really decent sandwiches using italian bread (no french bread here).
breakfast is good.  they even import H & H bagels from nyc, of course nothing like the fresh ones but good enough for the homesick.Cute little deli in the CBD that's convenient for a quick breakfast. Looked like they had an extensive menu with breakfast sandwiches and such. Lots of seating. The food was decent and fast.Portion size sucks on salads, crackers were stale, cucumber salad needed salt, potato salad was okay, chef salad was not good, Jackie Robinson was good, overall I would not go back...I have been eating here for years and love everything I have had generally.  For a CBD lunch spot - they have it all.  Great sandwiches and wonderful specials.  I am just now writing a review as Wednesdays are my favorite days over there because Paul makes his Special Meat Loaf.  It's pretty amazing and the best in the CBD by FAR!  He makes it every Wednesday.  I highly recommend this place for a taste of New York in the heart of the CBD.
Also, I read L.D.'s review from long ago and honestly, I have been coming here for many years and see absolutely no evidence of the kind of treatment LD describes.  I work in an office tower across the street and frequent often and honestly have never seen anything even close.  I am not saying something like that didn't happen - I was obviously not there.  However, I would simply point out that in literally hundreds of trips there myself, nothing but good friendly service in a clean restaurant has been had.Great place to get a monster sandwich. Chef Paul brought a little bit of NYC here to NOLA with his monster rolls and delicious NY bagels. I tried the meatball sub it was filling and delicious!Service was bad, people weren't very friendly. Ordered bagels and cream cheese for a quick breakfast and they seemed microwaved!Would recommend if you like NY style bagels. Went for a quick bagel with cream cheese and lettuce and cucumber and a coffee. Overall was good but either there was more lettuce. Service was fast and the food was good.This deli is a great little hidden gem right before Poydras on St. Charles. It's perfect for lunch and you can order pickup right from the yelp app. Lots of selections for breakfast and lunch, and customer service was great. I have to make the walk this way more often, especially as this place is more affordable than most of the lunch spots in the area.been going there for almost a year now and the food and service is always amazing and i just love the new counter girl shes so helpfulempire state delicateness has delicious food with a variety of choices.  out of all the choices in the area, they have the freshest and tastiest food.  with all of that their customer service is by far their biggest strength.  they are super friendly and the owner Paul really gets what we as the paying customer really want.  consider my a lifer!
AdamI had a breakfast sandwich here yesterday and it was really good.   I like a good deli and needed a quick bite.  They have omelets as well named for various famous baseball players from NY.  The bagel was excellent and the sandwich reminded me of the dozens I have eaten in NY.  They carry Boars Head and it looks like everything they are using is of excellent quality.  It's a little quiet in there but I like the decor and the 2 guys were not unfriendly.  I would go back and give it another try.The Cooperstown burger was juicy, delicious and cooked just as I ordered it. Next time, I'm going for a deli sandwich because I love the fact they carry the Boar's Head brand.This is a 3 star all the way, no more, no less.
First and foremost, its not even really a deli. As far as I could tell, they don't cook, smoke or even season their own meat.  It is almost entirely a brand you can buy at the grocery store.  Bread also appears to be store purchased.  The joint should be called Empire State Sandwich Assemblers.
Portions are fair, food was fine, service was fast, place was relatively clean.  3 no more, no less.A great place to grab lunch sandwiches are fresh and made to order, one of the best burgers in the CBD,  the service is fast and no nonsense.  Chocolate chip cookies and fresh baked brownies are home baked and a perfect dessert or a great pick me up around 3pm for the Friday afternoon blahs.  
I tried the chili and was slightly disappointed,  not much flavor but loaded with meat, Friday soups downtown tend to be a bit thin as it is the end of the pot,  will try it again on a Wednesday.Work around the corner and i eat here often. Decent prices for downtown and food was good.This little deli happened to be right next to my hotel on a really dreary day. I don't know if I would have stopped in otherwise but I'm SO glad I did. I am a vegetarian and some sort of veggie burger exists everywhere; this Grateful Veggie Burger was truly special though. A rare accomplishment, this burger tasted like the perfect order of rice and black beans with a crispy exterior and creamy, hearty inside. I got it with horseradish cheddar and it was awesome. I've never written a review before but this deli earned my time, even while still on vacation!It's sometimes real hard to find a taste of New York when ... You're not in New York. Let's be real here - you are in New Orleans, food capital of the world for some! But we can't forget the flavors forgone from another great city ... New York! And Paul has done a great job bringing those flavors to NOLA. Still completely drooling over my roast beef sub. And the adorable counter help... Doesn't get much better!
Thanks Paul and family!Creepy experience on 10/18/2010. The two individuals working at this deli appeared to me have serious anger management issues, and seemed to be crazed or at least drugged out. I ordered an omelet and a coffee, but apparently this was too complex a task for them, because they forgot to make the coffee and they forgot all about the omelet.  I was the only customer in this grungy place with two grungy cooks. I asked again and got a coffee after 20 minutes. By this time they were overwhelmed as they had a whopping three customers. After about a half hour I asked about my omelet again. They had totally forgotten it. I said I was out of time and the cashier/cook made an aggressive motion, opened the cash register, and literally threw a $5 bill at me (of the $7.80 I had paid, no less). He then yelled "GET THE F__K OUT OF HERE." The other customers stared at him and became visibly uncomfortable. I just left. If losers like this are responsible for the food here, one can only imagine the hygiene and other safety issues a customer may be exposed to. Whew! If the owners are wondering why this location has no customers, then they need look no further than the losers they have running the place, the environment they have, the attitude toward customers, etc. etc. STAY AWAY!!!I needed a quick place to grab breakfast with the kids and we randomly ended up here. No one we spoke to in downtown New Orleans seemed to know anywhere to eat breakfast! Even though we missed their breakfast time the staff was great and served us breakfast anyways. The bagels were delicious! They saved the day for us!Paul is an outstanding host and his deli is top notch.   Everything is so fresh and delicious!!  We enjoy this spot every time we come to town-try the eggplant parm sandwich it is always awesome. 
This is a 5 star breakfast and lunch opportunity.Went here and got a Breakfast Burrito American (Sausage,Egg,cheese) and had some Salsa with it. I have to tell you this thing was right on point.I ordered a Catering for an event and the food was great as well as their professionalism and customer service. I highly recommend Empire State Deli for your event.Great place to stop in for a quick bite-- And they really are fast!!! We had a few sandwiches-- the BLT spinach wrap, the buffalo chicken sandwich and a roast beef sandwich-- And they were all excellent! This place is small, low key, and well-priced. I'd definitely go back again!!!The burger was so delicious and it's nice you can custom make it. It is one of the best burgers I have had, really! Maybe it was the combination I made but the burger itself was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing. We had regular and sweet potato fries and they were great too. Also tried the mozzarella sticks and... wow! From the looks if it we were either really lucky with our choices our they might make everything delicious. Happy Miami tourist here.The food is great and it isn't pricey. It looks and taste like a true New York deli. Get the Bronx Bomber, you won't regret it.This place never ceases to piss me off.  I have been there about ten times and they have only gotten my order right ONE TIME.  I have given them multiple chances to get my order right, and they CONSISTENTLY screw it up.  I will no longer go there, and I suggest you do the same.I just had an amazing bagel.  I lived in New York during college and I know all about good bagels.  This is THE BEST one I have had in the city eiher before or after Katrina!  Additionally, the amount of cream cheese and lox was perfect.  It is clean, auhentic, friendly and convenient (I now work in the building).  The real deal, and I will be back for more breakfast and likely one of their sandwhiches!  I expect it will all be as good as this morning's bagel. Kudos to the Giants' ans who are the owner/operators.Empire State Delicatessen is located in the bottom of One Shell Square. It offers good food and fast service during the lunchtime hours.
Most of my experiences here have been when visiting people who work in the building, or on a break from something at the courthouse. It is very convenient to both locations and is frequently crowded at lunch. I recommend coming for 11 to avoid the rush.
I have had several of heir sandwiches, but my favorites are the club and brisket sandwich. They have some fancy baseball themed name, but that sport is lame so I don't care to remember the official title.
If you want some privacy, there is a table set inside of two walls. There isn't much room, but it is somewhat private. The other tables are set out in the open in the large dining area so privacy is difficult.
If you're in the CBD and want a sandwich, check this place out.I eat at Empire Deli almost every day.  I work in the CBD so this is close.  It is a clean, friendly and very positive place to eat.  I adore the owner/Chef Paul, who greets everyone with a big smile.  The food, well like I said, I eat here almost every day.  Chef Paul has the best burger, hands down in the CBD, it is awesome and I am a picky picky eater, esp with burgers.  Chef Paul's meatloaf:  well every Wednesday I hurry over hoping it has not sold out, yes, it is that popular.  His sandwiches are inventive, healthy alternatives to greasy burgers and rabbit food..heehee.  You will never be disappointed even if all you get is a bagel breakfast sandwich, which, by the way, is a 5-star my dear!Came here for breakfast with the family.  Definitely had that New York feel.  Food was awesome and priced very well.Friendly service, decent price. But ordered a bacon egg and cheese sandwich and bacon was hard, burnt and clearly pre cooked. Doesn't take long to my to cook a couple strips of bacon for a sandwich.good sandwich options. the ingredients taste fresh and it is worth the wait.Paul, I understand that you didn't like my review especially of the CHILI (misspelled only once so apparently I know how to spell CHILI and it was simply a typo from typing with lightning fast fingers at 68+ wpm).  Spelling correctly on Yelp does not say anything about my intellect.  My MBA and current career prove that.  
Yelp was created for people's reviews based their experiences and opinions which is simply what I did in my review.  Attempting to find fault in me personally was unnecessary and unprofessional.
Thank you for the suggestions on food selections (which was all I really needed in your response).  Unfortunately based on your insulting statements regarding my intelligence, your selections do not have any value and confirm my decision of not returning to your establishment.  My palate will continue going to The Store, Reuben's, Ruby Slipper and others.  
P.S.  The pot shouldn't call the kettle black.  Incorrect verb tense, constant run-on sentences, unnecessary commas and more are prevalent in your responses...just FYI.  Guess that's my true intellect working.  Best wishes to you and your business.meh
$25 for 2 sandwiches - chicken wrap and a reuben, neither of which I would call huge, or all that good - 1 order of fries and 1 fountain soda?
You're better off elsewhere.Stopped by on 1/12/17 for a Caesar wrap on tomato basil(?) tortilla. Really good! Came exactly as it was described in the menu, and very tasty. Wrap was prepared in under 2-3 minutes, and the clerk (the owner, I think) was incredibly friendly. I would eat there again myself, and I would recommend this eatery for anyone looking for a quick, tasty sandwich or wrap.Homemade soup, fresh salads and a great burger.  Best place to eat in town!I was starving when I came in and suitably satisfied when I rolled out. The Brooklyn Dodger was a highlight! I'll be back.Best veggie burger I've ever had! It's clear that the owner, Paul takes great care to produce excellent food. YUM!!!!NY in the house.  Picked up a few egg sandwiches and a NY bagel.  Good stuff.  If your familiar with a NY deli then you be right at home.  
Shout out your order.  Pay.  Pick up your utensils at the counter.  Be sure to ask for your coffee first while you wait.  Find a seat and wait for order up.  Sandwiches and such are wrapped up in deli paper.  Classic.
Across the street from the back of the intercontinental hotel.
Would happily return.I absolutely love sandwiches and this place doesn't disappoint. I had the Hampton sandwich and it was sheer perfection. Will definitely be back!It's surprising to know that one of the most delicious and reasonable restaurants in New Orleans is located in the business district. Food is amazing. We had a Cooperstown burger, a TBLT, a side salad and onion rings. The burger was fat and deliciously seasoned, The TLBT was very good and I love the avocado mayo on spinach. Side salad was great and the onion rings, you could tell, were fried in clean oil which made them delicious. Owner was friendly, music was great and service was fast! Can't wait to come back for breakfast!I LOVE EMPIRE STATE! Paul and his staff are awesome, and the sandwiches are amazing. Perfect place to go grab a bite in Downtown NOLA. 
You can't go wrong with The Godfather.The girl at the counter looked at me as if I had 4 heads when I asked her if they had lox, or "smoked salmon on a bagel." The deli counter was sad, dark, and empty... On a weekday morning. Leaves much to be desiredFood is always plentiful and delivery staff are always courteous.I've been eating at the Empire State Deli regularly for two and a half years and I consider it excellent.  The food is cooked fresh to order, which sometimes entails a very worthwhile wait.  The Reuben is excellent, but their best sandwich is the Manhattan Project: cold roast beef stacked high, tomatoes, pickles, horseradish cheddar cheese and mayonnaise.  Most excellent and highly recommended!best veggie burger in town.  Great service.  authentic inredients.  excellent. I just keep coming back.  Bagels are Northeast worthy.  I haven't had a bad meal... and I've been here more than 10 times!!My favorite spot for Breakfast and Lunch in the CBD.  Safe to say it's the best bacon I've had in my entire life.  The guys are so nice.  They even have sprite zero.  I'd eat here every day if I could.This is my second time eating here.  I had the A-Train (roast beef, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese on Italian bread) and a order of fries.  The sandwich was hot, the bread soft, but the meat was as dry as the Utah salt flats.  The fries were excellent, though, and they gave you nearly a wheelbarrow of them.
It's not Subway and that's a step up, but the dishes I've had from the place have not really wowed me.  I'll try again, but it's doubtful that I'd go here regularly.Great sandwiches with great Boars Head deli meat. Perfect for lunch. Quick service got me in and out on a short break I had.Found this place online. Live a block away so was just looking for a quick morning bagel, the space was big and employees friendly. I'll be getting more breakfasts from them in the futuregreat breakfast bagel sandwichesGreat food.  Good customer service fast.  I had the philly cheese steak.  Great flavor, lots of meat and fresh.Empire Deli is a hidden gem of delicious in downtown New Orleans, and a sanctuary on the parade route during Carnival. Its at a super accessible location on St. Charles Ave across from the Intercontinental Hotel in the One Shell Square building and has an extensive menu that covers breakfast and lunch, including hearty, homemade daily lunch specials like pasta and meatloaf for around $10. Service is fast, friendly, and they strive to make your order perfect. Even though the restaurant bleeds New York; the hospitality is Southern all the way. You can always catch the Yankees game on the TVs or hear it on the sound system when they're not playing awesome music from the kitchen .. Which gives this place a fun and hip appeal compared to all the franchise options in the area. 
The food, the food is crave inducing. The breakfast has delicious omelettes and sandwiches, real NY bagels, and the french toast is ridiculously good. But be warned, they stop serving it at 10, so go early. I usually order the same sandwiches, such as the San Gennaro which is like a Philly Cheese steak, but with Italian Sausage. The Rueben (Brooklyn Dodger) and  Great Bambino is also my favorite with pastrami and corned beef. The Burger is excellent too. I love that they have sweet potato fries and those yummy San Pellegrino sodas. Also the homemade brownies and cookies are a nice guilty pleasure. The Boars Heads meats/cheeses that they use guarantees a consistent product and the Vegetarian options including the secret recipe burger are impressive. 
Do yourself a favor and see why this place has been around for 10 years.There are 235 Subway Sandwich restaurants in the downtown New Orleans area. OK, so I'm slightly exaggerating...but not by much. If you work around here you know you're always a stone's throw away from one.
The point I'm trying to make is that Empire State Delicatessen isn't a Subway. Why is this a good thing? If you worked in the downtown New Orleans area you'd know why by now.I'm not impressed with this place at all. The service was fair, the young later that took my order was not rude or anything. I aksed her which was better between the Brooklyn Dodger or the A-Train; she quickly said the A-Train, so I ordered that on white bread with fries. 
My main issue was the wait time. Being that this is deli, I felt that the 20 minute wait time for a sandwhich and some fries was way extensive. Nonetheless, I sat patiently (I mean, what else was I going to do? Half my lunch was gone, I wasn't about to go wait at another place) and waited for my food to come out.
Once I got my food and made it back to work to eat, I was disappointed. My sandwich was on wheat bread, not white like I ordered. I hate wheat bread, its disgusting. I was pretty upset, but ate the sandwich how It was because I was not about to go back and wait for them to remake it. The bread was more burnt than toasted and my sandwich was really dry. If I can say one good thing, the fries were really good and hot. I enjoyed those.I've missed a good ny deli since moving to Nola in 2005.  So glad I found this CBD gem that imports their bagels from the Bronx and has boar's head!  Bacon egg and cheese on a bagel cured my hangover and the Cuban sandwich was on point.  Can't wait to try all the other great specials and food!  Chef/owner Paul is a typical New Yorker: cold, angry and looks hot - a perfect combination if you ask this east coaster! :)I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while now, and I'm finally getting to it. I first started eating here when I worked as a courier with a heavy downtown client list, just before the storm. They've remained consistent with their sandwiches over the years.
My favorite sandwich from them started as a special that was only offered occasionally, but now the All American has a well deserved spot on the full menu. 
Every now and then (but it's been a while now) they'll get a great deal on shrimp and offer a very fresh twist on a Shrimp Poboy, if you're ever there when it's available, I highly recommend ordering it.
I've been trying to stop drinking soda, but these guys get bonus points in my book for having Cherry Coke on tap.Empire State is solid. I'm not a big fan of the sandwiches on the giant french bread loaves (too much bread), but the other sandwiches are good (I really like the Manhattan Project). They can make any typical deli sandwiches, they have salads, and the red beans special on Monday will more than fill you up.
The wait times can be somewhat long for what feels like should be snappy quick food and in a location that should cater to quick lunches. I think they lose a lot of business to Subway for that reason. Although I personally find Subway to be completely disgusting (tastes like chemicals, not like food) so I'll go for Empire State even when I want a quick sandwich.Came here for a work lunch (didn't have to pay), and I got the TBLT wrap - turkey, bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  It had avocado mayo and I got a spinach wrap.  It was definitely one of the better wraps I've ever had, especially with the avocado mayo.  Came out quickly and the staff seemed friendly enough.Great fresh hot sandwiches. It is one the pricey side, but I would recommend giving them a try when you are in the mood for a sandwich.Love the burger.   I get it regularly.  Great atmosphere for casual lunch.  Service is friendly and food is prepared quickly.  Definitely will go back again.Ate here at least once a week when I worked in the building. The owner Paul is one of the nicest guys in town. They have boars head which is hard to find in any sandwich shop around and everything is always amazing. You can't go wrong. My favorite 3 things: spicy chicken Caesar wrap, cup of chili on a cold day, when his two adorable little girls work the cash register. Best sandwich shop around.Very good. We got the Cuban and the Bronx Bomber.  Both were great. The owner works the counter. Nice guy that obviously cares about his place. Would do it again.Ok, I'm a guy that always sticks to what I like on a menu once I find it. Usually, I would order a Cuban (which is fantastic), but something said to try something new. I ordered the Italian stallion. OMG! The sandwich is freaking amazing! I have come back twice this week for this work of art!I've been to the deli several times and the food is delicious. My personal favs are the Reuben sandwich (which is not something I usually order, but here it is amazing) and the breakfast burrito (which is something I always order and here it is exceptionally good). I'd highly recommend eating here.Four stars for the sandwich. Quiet atmosphere - a nice break from most of the other places in the area.I enjoy going to local places and this is a local place that I would recommend. I had their Monday special of Red beans and rice with sausage. Oh boy! This food was awesome! I almost forgot about their garlic bread WOW!We came by during their lunch hour, probably around 12:30pm, so it was no surprise that they had a rush considering this place is inside an office building. That said, the wait for food was quite long after ordering.
The price points are okay to me as someone who lives in LA, but not sure if they're considered a bit higher than average in New Orleans.
In my group, we ordered the corned beef sandwich, Philly cheesesteak, and a turkey with bacon wrap. I wish we had read their prominent sign earlier (our fault), but we opted not to get a salad because we're scared of romaine right now lol. Their sign states, however, that they're subbing out romaine in their salads, which is nice of them.
Corned beef was good, less salty than other places.
Would recommend you passing on the Philly cheesesteak - so much bread, so little meat. Couldn't really taste much aside from bread. The roll it came on though was nice and soft and tasty. They do provide honey mustard and Dijon mustard from Boar's Head in little sauce packets, which I used plenty of to aid in my journey for flavor.
The wrap was good! Again, if you like more flavor, definitely recommend using their mustard.
Overall, it was good, but nothing to write home about. I probably wouldn't recommend it to someone who's visiting town and looking for New Orleans eats (not that they're at all advertising to be one), but it's probably a good option for those that work in nearby office buildings or locals looking for lunch.Poor service & attitudes galore
Order taker was impatient as I was deciding on what to order. When I asked for suggestions, they replied sarcastically, "pick what you want."
Wait time was ridiculous, 20+ minutes for a sandwich is crazy. This is supposed to be a deli, I was expecting it to be somewhat in and out. Bread was also stale. Do not recommend this place. Luckily nola has a plethora of better options to choose from.Love the chili, but my favorite is the Cobb Salad.Great spot for grabbing a quality good lunch. Especially a better alternative to the other restaurants in the building and nearby. 
If you get hungry in the morning be sure and try out one of their breakfast burritos!This is my new favorite place to eat lunch in the CBD.  They use Boar's Head which is just amazing.  The sandwiches are huge and have just about every option you can think of.I can't speak for anything other than the Bronx bomber and the bacon egg and cheese bagel breakfast sandwich.  The bronx bomber is the best Italian sub I've found in the city and the bagels for the breakfast sandwich are better than the actual bagel places in town. I'm originally from the New York area so this place is a little slice of home. Paul also makes a big effort to know your name and make the place welcoming.My family and I decided to catch a parade for Mardi Gras directly in front of Empire this year, not realizing JUST how cold it would be, along with the rain. The owner(I'm assuming) let myself, along with my 5 year old and grandparents come and go through out the day to warm up. We had a small stroller that we were allowed to bring in and wheel right up to a table no questions asked. By far one of the kindest gestures I will never forget. On top of the EXCELLENT food, trust us, we ate and snacked all day, breakfast lunch and a late afternoon snack, the employees were incredibly friendly.  Thanks for the true southern hospitality!I've been here a handful of times for lunch in the past 3 years and each time I've gone I've had a pleasant experience with fast service. The Buffalo Bill Sandwich is pretty good as well as the Yankee Clipper. I think the sweet potato fries are my favorite item on the whole menu though.