This is a fun little spot with surprisingly​ great food and awesome service. 
Everyone who worked here was very friendly​ and attentive, but not smothering. When the staff at a restaurant can balance​ those 3 things I am always impressed​.
The drink I tried, the "Sweet Peach" was not what I expected. It was more tart than sweet, but not terrible. The taste was just unexpected because of the name.
The food was perfect. The freshness​ of the shrimp and crabcakes was apparent. The waffle fries were perfectly seasoned and​ crispy. The crabcake​ was the star here with the large clumps of real crab meat inside.
I would definitely visit here again!Food was undercooked (shrimp po boy). My shrimp didn't have any flavor nor was it completely cook. Extremely slow service when it wasn't even busy. Our server took forever to take our order as well as other request we had. It was a group of 6 of us and we requested separate checks in which our waitress (Dorothy) said it wasn't an issue and would be settled later on. When the time came to get our bill we explained to her everyone's order yet she came back (about 15 minutes later) with wrong tickets for us all. We decided to leave it be and just pay the bills and leave. When we received our copies to sign the ticket one of the members in our party received a notification from him bank about the amount spent at this cafe. The amount was for 20% more than what the ticket said. We all checked and they charged all of us 20% more than what our bill was. When we asked for the manager all he said was that it wasn't right and that the right amount would be the final charge. Wouldn't recommend going here unless you are paying CASH. 
No where on the menu does it state parties of 6 or more will be charge a gratuity of 20%Good food, great service! Ate alone at an outside table. Very attentive server! Boudin Balls & Gumbo, with a Hurricane made for a great experience! Will definitely come back!The place seems understaffed.  We were waiting quite a while to get seated, and started chatting with the party behind us in line.  Eventually, we decided that we'd all sit together so that neither group would have to continue waiting.  That turned out to be the highlight of the evening.  The food was pretty mediocre.  Your beer gets served to you in the bottle, and your wine comes in a water glass.  The server was pretty friendly, but she had only tried a few of the beers on the menu, so she really couldn't offer any descriptions beyond the names.  With so many other nearby choices in restaurants, I probably wouldn't go back to the Ernst Cafe.I would have given this place 3 stars except there were swastikas on the floor. I didn't notice that until after I had ordered food. the waitress said the floor goes back to 1902 and predates the Nazis and these were the Hindu symbol for peace. However in the US today the symbol has a different meaning and as the  granddaughter of someone who fled Nazi Germany I don't want to see that symbol in a restaurant. In fairness I will say that there were non white patrons in the restaurant and the staff were polite and professional towards them. The food was good.African Americans stay away from this restaurant. I paid $5.00 for 18 songs in Juke Box. The bartender unplugged the jukebox and played his rock cd.. Do not spend your money where they don't want you!This was my last meal in NOLA after a 6 day stay and it was extremely disappointing. I sat at a high-top table near the bar in clear view of the bartender/server so I would have thought I would have gotten good service, but it didn't turn out that way.
I ordered the Grilled Shrimp Po'Boy with Sweet Potato Fries. The sandwich had about 8 shrimp on it plus shredded lettuce and pickles. There was no sauce on it and the shrimp didn't even have much flavor by themselves. The server didn't return until I had eaten almost all of my fries before I could ask for a sauce. I asked for a remoulade or cocktail sauce and the server returned with cocktail sauce. Unfortunately, it didn't help the sandwich much as the bread was super dry. 
My drink sat empty for several minutes and I finally had to take my cup up to the bar to ask for a refill. 
The place has a lot of character, which I love in a restaurant, but for $12, there are better Po'Boys to be had at other places and with much better service.Bar w/ tasty food. Wanted to get something not fried or a huge sandwich but a week of overeating made me behave. Had the soup (gumbo) & salad (caesar) and it was so good. Gumbo was full of flavor, crisp lettuce, yummy dressing & homemade croutons. Can't wait to return though and try one of the sandwiches.You wanna drink with industry people? Come here. Wanna hang with people who live and work in NOLA? Come here. Wanna eat some good food and shoot Jameson until you pee yourself? Come here. Wanna wear beads and say you're in "Nawlins"? Go anywhere else.Rude waitstaff. Bad Service. Waited 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged our presence. Had to ask for a menu and get our own silverware. Ordered "The Ernster" sandwich. It was strange and it took almost 30 minutes to get. Was definitely not worth the wait. Too many wonderful restaurants in New Orleans. Don't waste your money on this one.What a difference a change in staffing makes! Ate here a few days ago and had good food and excellent service! Gumbo, Boudin Balls and a Hurricane made for a wonderful experience. Gave it 4 stars.
Thought I'd try it again tonight and was sorely disappointed. Gumbo tasted burned. The most disappointing thing was the service. A large bearded guy with a shaved head could have cared less about my dining experience. Seemed annoyed he needed to serve me! 
Very surly, responded "no problem" when I thanked him for delivering my food. If I had anticipated it would be a "problem", I'd have gone elsewhere. 
Wanted to recommend, but can't with the inconsistent service!I walked in and was not greeted. I asked a waitress do we seat ourselves and she said yes. I sat down and it took my waitress 15 mins to bring me a menu, which was strange because it didn't seem that crowded. It took forever for her to finally take my order. She wasn't rude but I was annoyed at how slow my service was. 
The chicken egg rolls were pretty good but I've had better gumbo. 
I won't be going back.Nice bar on the fringe of the CBD, catering mostly to the after work crowd.  They usually have snacks out on a platter.  Outside seating is nice when the weather's cool.  This is a good spot for a blind date to begin, or to meet an internet friend for the first time.This is a really cool place to grab a drink(or five) after work, since it also has a kitchen -hours and days are limited, though. They have happy hour specials but I never make it down here early enough so I'm forced to pay full price. Bummer, because I know places with all-around service industry discounts... But, the beer selection is pretty good and reasonably priced and the food is really tasty. 
Btw, they really did a great job fixing this place up a few years ago, the interior looks great!The food was good but the service was horrible. My husband got his food after we finished ours. We literally have to call our server because to get our refill because she  never came an ask.This is our trivia bar Tuesdays at 7:30 (Geeks Who Drink). While everything here is pretty good, nothing is really great:
1. Best thing on the menu might be the crawfish nachos, but I'm biased towards nachos. Regardless they're delicious.
2. Other notables are the chicken sandwich and bread pudding for dessert.
3. Good beer selection, yet they always seem to be out of a lot.
4. The wait staff here seems very inattentive. It's always a struggle to place our order, get refills, get our check, etc. orders have frequently been wrong.
It's your pretty run of the mill place, probably wouldn't come back much if it wasn't for trivia. 3 stars!Brought the wife and kids to eat on the patio and they told us the kids were not to come inside. Okay, I can get that, but he said it AGAIN "kids are not to be inside and then told us we have no high chairs and acted like we were an annoyance. 
We simple wanted to have a meal on the patio like everyone else but were outcasted because we had children.
It was 4pm and it was slow.
We were nice to you Ernst Cafe and you spit of us for having kids, pathetic!
We never ate because we were not given the chance. Service and attitude delivers this place 1 lousy star.Great red beans and rice! Small place great service the food will surprise you! It's really good!While on a business trip in 2004 I was looking for an "off the beaten track" place to have a beer and a bite to eat, saw the Ernst Cafe, walked in, and immediately knew I had found my "local" spot.  Nice old fashioned wood bar, old ceramic tile floor, small baskets of snacks (pretzels and nuts) on the tables and a great Jukebox. 
Typical Nola bar food, fried fish, burgers, po boys, but everything was just a bit a bit better and there is just a great "feel" in the room (I'm not big on eating outside ... especially when it's 96 degrees) 
I was back there for Jazzfest this spring and went to find it for lunch ... was it a mirage, was it as good as I imagined???  It was better.
I immediately recognized the blond woman behind the bar, she was there in 2004.  A bundle of energy that gets things done quickly and efficiently, but also courteous and ready to talk or joke. When I ordered the catfish po-boy but didn't want the fries ... "I was fried out" I told her, she laughed and quickly noted "we can give you a garden salad ... or is there something else I could get you". She was perfectly willing to make the customer happy, and the mixed green salad was perfect.
Burgers are big and perfectly cooked and on round baguettes of French bread.  Seafood dishes were large and fresh.  
Comfort food, great drinks,great service, great people, a great jukebox and moderately priced (compared with the Vieux Carre).
This would be perfect as my living room!I've mentioned this before, in New Orleans, we take our kids to bars! But seriously, this place was great for the kids (we sat outside.) The food is typical bar fare, but better. And it's not expensive. A good place to go if you are in the Quarter or the Aquarium or Insectarium and you have a mixed group of adults and kids and don't want a huge meal and don't want to spend FQ prices. The kids plate is only $5 and the fried shrimp were really good. I had the appetizer of fried spinach ravioli which were fried in a batter and crispy on the outside but creamy on the inside. Yummy, but very rich. It was a bit too much for a meal, so share. My aunt got the southwestern eggrolls and she was very happy with those (beans, cheese, and chicken, I think.) The fried shrimp salad looked good too.Decided to look for cheap eats. This place caught my eye. Prices are reasonable and the portions are surprisingly big.
Ambiance is what I would call a dive bar, but clientele is young and hip. Waitress are friendly and service was fast.
I went for the Ernster sandwich, which is a Po-boy served with fried oysters and roast beef. However they were out of oysters, but they substituted fried shrimp In a word.....DELICIOUS!!!
This is definitely a three napkin sandwich. It is served on a sliced Italian bread hero and is stuffed with pickles, lettuce & tomatoes as well as melted cheese and a spicy mayo spread. The sandwich is accompanied by a generous helping of seasoned fries. 
They also have a pretty good beer selection available as well as some signature cocktails and a house wine.
If you are looking for good cheap NOLA eats in anad around the Central Business or Warehouse district then the Ernst Cafe is the place.I was expecting better based on the reviews, but the service started slow and they were out of oysters. My shrimp poboy was nothing special, but my wife really enjoyed the crab cakes.Went there for a break between parades. Amazing red beans + rice, delicious, creamy and heavy!!! Food came out on time, nice and hot... 
However our waitress took almost 20min to bring us our check, a bit ridiculous... Either way, I would def go back.We had a large group after a cheer competition and we were informed no soda available for the kids bar too busy and server station broke upon getting our check we were told cash only POS system was running too. Slow and manager said cash only I am confused as we were not told of this prior Management has an issue that needs to be addressed never will be backMy boyfriend and I were staying at the Lowes Hotel down the street for his birthday. We originally intended to go to Mannings, but considering the hour and a half wait, we opted across the street to Ernst Cafe. 
It was entirely too hot to sit outside, so we walked right in and found a seat at the bar. 
The bartender was nice and helpful, although a tiny bit uppity. 
We ordered beer and food. We waited the best part of 30 minutes for our food, but when it came, it was absolutely delicious. I got a chicken sandwich, which in most places is rather average, but it was cooked to perfection. My boyfriend got the chicken fingers and was borderline licking the plate after he'd finished. 
The atmosphere and the service was not to the highest of standards, but the food in comparison to other "bar food" was quite surprisingly delicious. We will definitely go back.Dive bar type of place. Good beer prizes, friendly staff. They have a few tv screens. The location is nice.On my last day of the conference, I stopped there for lunch on my way back to the hotel.  I must say I had a very good shrimp poboy with fries.  It had the right amount of shrimp and it was dressed just right.  With so many good restaurants in NOLA, your hard  pressed to pick one.  If you are at the convention center, stop by, you will not be disappointed.Food was decent. Crawford nachos were fantastic! I had the gumbo and I wasn't bad. My friend's Crawfish Etouffee looked tasty, she said it was good. Small menu though.We were in here all of 3 minutes. Long enough to order to-go cocktails and hit the streets of New Orleans. Yeaaaa.
TV's - looks like a great place to watch the Saints play.
Prompt service. This is all.Far as touristy this bar ain't. Functional. No trouble. The old bar is an attraction to me. Good energy.Great late night spot. Great bartenders. Simple but fun. Did not try the food...next time.Food was cold when it came out. The server found customers to be a nuisance.  Basically, a bar that is trying to act like a restaurant.  Stay away!  Place is horrible.  Buyer beware!!!!!Be very careful here. We came to have a beer on a walk home from the convention center. The service was good, the beer and appetizers were okay but when I got the bill ~41.00 my wallet app on my phone when I paid showed $50.00 when I asked why the waitress got the manager on duty who said this happens every so often with Chase but the problem is I used my AMX. At this point she started to scramble and got another manager on the phone who told me this is common and it was the service they used to process cc payment and it would be refunded by Monday. I will check with AMX and if not fixed will take legal action. I'm glad I have my alerts set for cc payments or this scam would have gone unnoticed. Beware.Well decided to try this place out based upon the reviews. It was terrible. The bar tender was rude. I asked for a glass for my beer and she "forgot". The food was bad. I've gotten better Cajun in Indiana. The waitress actually smelled the ranch dressing prior to serving it. The bar tender and waitress only paid attention to the locals at the bar and negected the other patrons. Do yourself a favor and bypass this place.Good times had by all !! Service wasn't what I expected but I don't think they were prepared for the crowds. Beer was cold my chicken sandwich was good the waffle fries could have used some more cooking and I didnt expec to have and chase down the server to pay. But I would go back.Rude bartender. Asked what type of IPAs they had and his response was "I don't know honey. They change them every week." Aren't you the bartender? Isn't it your job to know?Great food!! The shrimp po boy is beyond satisfying!! Couldn't even get close to finishing!!! The gumbo is also very tasty!! The environment was very casual and chill!! Quick and prompt service!! Highly recommend for anyone looking for a quick bite in the area and don't wanna wait for a table to open up or pay an arm and a leg for some great southern food!!Maybe Sunday not the best day to go.  The Waffle fries were great, but I  think the oysters on the Ernst sandwich came out of the freezer pre breaded.  Beer cold, so it was refreshing after the heatMy friends and I took a trip to New Orleans this past weekend and visited this place, and from the start it wasn't bad. We ordered some boudin balls and southwestern egg rolls as appetizers and those were really good. My friends enjoyed the gumbo as well as the red beans and rice and I had a great Caesar Salad. However, when it came to the shrimp poboy that me and my brother both got it was a different story. The shrimp was horribly under-cooked, couldn't take more than 2 bites before wanted to gag. I am not one to complain (I've worked in the food industry before so I know how tough some jobs are) so I decided to leave the issue alone and maybe try a poboy somewhere else later in the day. Our server/waitress Dorothy didn't provide such a great experience either. We had multiple issues with our tickets (added food that we didn't order, and she couldn't split the bill correctly even after asking us multiple times what we ordered). Once we got our receipts we ALL noticed that our bank statement showed an amount that differed from the receipt. After a little math we noticed it was EXACTLY 20% upcharge and on the receipt it said "GRATUITY NOT INCLUDED". We asked to speak with a manager which took about 20 minutes to come to our table, keep in mind we had a party of 6 and nowhere did it say gratuity would be added and we even asked in which the replied the same. I wouldn't recommend going here unless you're a local or if you're visiting just use cash.Great food ! The red beans and rice are to die for ! Wish I could bring this place home with me.Service was rude and the gumbo tasted burnt. The crawfish étouffée was delicious though. Post mix diet coke tasted like pond water :( we came here on a recommendation but will not be recommending to others.Kitchen closed at 2 PM today. I was disappointed only because I REALLY wanted those nachos!!We went there for lunch (3 of us) and the waitress was unpleasant and slowwwwww. She didn't care if we there or not. Not friendly in the least. The people at the table next to us said the same thing. We waited over an hour for lunch and everyone that came in after us got their food way before we did. She never checked on us or asked us if we wanted another beer, or let us know the food was coming until we finally asked her (pretty sure she forgot to put the order in).  Burgers were ok, roast beef po boy was ok but the toasted bun was way too dry. Wouldn't recommend.Takes forever to get a server outside apparently (the group next to us warned us and they actually kept going inside to bartender to get drinks)...that we moved inside because we were ravenous. This was about after 20 minutes of no service. 
Once inside, service ordering was more prompt! Ordered crab cakes (good), oyster po boy (okay and the fries were good), and the gumbo (mehh). They are right about everything moving slow in the South. About 45 minutes (at least) we got our bar food. 
I'd say good place to grab a drink in warehouse districtPretty awesome little spot with mouthwatering Crawfish Étouffée! Just over by Fulton....plenty of other delicious options and extensive beer list. Perfect lunch spot!Eh after trying two different PoBoy's I'm not real impressed. Maybe some of their other menu items can make up for it? We had the Ernster and the roast beef with the Ernster being the roast beef with fried shrimp on it basically. They were ok just not something I would give as a recommendation to try for a taste of NOLA.This place is an easy walk from the Hilton, so it was ideal for conference lunch breaks. The oyster po boy was not that great, no sauce with it, so too crunchy and dry. The crab cake was delish and the shrimp Caesar was good. The patio is nice to enjoy lunch in.Ok....so where do I start?? I went here for lunch yesterday.  The waiter was pretty good.  He was attentive and seemed to be the only one working the entire bar area...pretty impressive.  Food...eeeeh.  No way.  I ordered the Shrimp Creole (which is my favorite dish ever!) and the Crabby Patties (crab cakes which are my favorite seafood).  Umm so yea the Shrimp Creole came out and the first thing I noticed was completely burnt shrimp...only 4 of them at that.  I gave it a chance but from the first taste YUCK!  Completely burnt.  I asked the bartender why was the shrimp so burnt...his response was that it was "blackened".  He said it with such a straight face that apparently this is how they really cook their meal so don't even try to send it back.  I didn't eat the remaining 3 shrimp ($9 bucks for this dish..ok?) but said to myself not to make a big fuss about it but to just focus on the rice..maybe it'd be better. NO WAY!  Shrimp creole IS NOT watered down tomato sauce served on top of rice.  Very disappointing.  Still paying 9 bucks for nasty shrimp creole.  This was the WORST shrimp creole I've ever had.  My friend had the crawfish etoufee...which should have just been called etoufee because there were barely any crawfish.  He had 3 crawfish in the entire bowl. :(
The crabcake came out and I was semi excited for some hope to turn this $20 lunch around...From the first look I thought "Is the crabcake blakened too??"  From the first taste I said to my friend "Hey look...the crabcake is blackened too."  Soooooooo disappointed.  Not only was the crabcake burnt, I could not taste the crabmeat at all or even the flavor of the crabmeat because of the overload of grease and extreme burnt taste.  Worst crabcake ever that we decided to name it "the brick". lol
I wanted to try the bread pudding but didn't want a $30 bill just on lunch.  Wayyyy pricey for burnt, tasteless, nasty food.
Definite no to this place but had to try it because of the interesting floor and it's right near Fulton Alley which is nearby work.
Word to tourists, the burnt happy chef and others blackened does not equate to burnt!!
Won't be back unfortunately. :(A friend recommended this place and it was awesome! Our server Garald was funny, on top of everything, and was great! We asked for recommendations and he sat down and walked us through everything. All of the food and drinks we had were great - boudin balls, southwest egg rolls, po boys, chicken strips - all delicious. Definitely recommend it for out of towners!I live in New Orleans and found myself downtown at lunchtime.  Never having been to Ernst Cafe, I decided to try it.   The business was packed with conventioneers at 1:00pm.  I decided to order Shrimp Creole, one of my favorite dishes.  I was very disappointed!  The shrimp were obviously cooked on a grill and then added to the mix.  They were burnt on one side making that side chewy and not very tasty.  The sauce tasted like they opened a can of tomato sauce and then added some chopped vegies and diced tomatoes.  It was definately the worse example of Shrimp Creole I have ever had.  Looking at other reviews, most seem happy with their Poboys and other dishes.  I guess I just ordered the wrong dish for that Cafe.Po-boys here Absolutely SUCK. At least ours did. The French bread was toasted soooo much that it practically cracked like crackers!! Made the sandwich almost impossible to eat. We had already waited so long for it to be prepared that I honestly want to wait any longer for them to correct the situation. But it was LOADED with fish & shrimp.
Loaded Fries were Out of this World GREAT!!
Give'em a TRY though, I know I would....at least to redeem themselves.
Service: Good before the food was brought out. Then our waiter completely Disappeared, till he brought out the check. Overall, kinda crappy.Sorry. Went inside to get a table and was told to sit anywhere inside or out. Wasn't busy. A family of 4 sat next to me outside and all they got was a stern lecture from a waiter about the kids not being able to go inside - not even for the restroom because they have gaming machines. They said ok. We all sat another 10 minutes with NO SERVICE - not even a menu, no water, no welcome. Got up and went across the street.Green tomatoes came frozen in the center, ice cold. Could not even drive a fork into them. Very disappointed. The shrimp that came with it were good.Not a bad place to hang out, but the shrimp po-boy could use some Enzyte.My dads friends family use to own this place.. I've been coming here since I was a young.. It's not the same as it use to be, but I still like it... It's really an old piece of New Orleans... No drink specials on the weekends but not sure about weekends.. The food is pretty awesome by the way.. Oh and try some video poker while you are there..My girlfriends & I we're in town for the Essence Festival 2015. It was literally around the corner from our hotel. We stayed in the Marriott. I was surprised when we were told that at 2pm they were no longer serving food on a Saturday! This place sits in the middle of a tourist area and we saw them turn away 8 groups of people. Because we walked in right at 155 they did decide to serve us. The food was pretty good. we had the crawfish nachos. They were fantastic! We also had red beans and rice & boudin balls. They were pretty good.  The crawfish etouffee had a little to be desired. Our server was very nice. She was very pleasant despite the gentleman who sat us  like he really did not want to. We would we would go back. Probably for drinks and nachos!Honestly not my favorite. Came during lunch, as time was short and it didn't look extremely busy... This was a disappointment. The menu on yelp is not updated and the portion size here is not great. So get the large of every meal option if you're hungry. Sad to leave poor review but wasn't worth it.I had the Ernster sandwich which has fried oyster, roast beef debris with gravy, and mayo on French bread.  I can honestly say it was the best po-boy I've ever had, definitely better than Parkway.  If you eat here you almost have to get it, although I've heard the rest of the menu is quite good.Average to underwhelming. Decent location near conventions near Riverside. Food was typical, didn't taste especially fresh or well-prepared. Definitely not as good as other more established New Orleans places. This was more like what you might get from a Cajun food place not in New Orleans. Paper plates, plastic silverware. But prices were high enough you'd expect better. Overall disappointment.Great old bar and cafe surrounded by Harrah's.  Inexpensive NO food and drink, friendly bartenders, neat bar, floor etc. Being a native San Franciscan it reminded me of places in the City in the 50s and 60s.  O course part of the reason it has existed since 1902.
Dined there 3 days in a row and could go back at least another dozen times before i had everything on the menu.  And did i mention the bread pudding is outstanding!Once again Yelp made the night. I love it on my iphone!! 
We were looking for a salad after having eatin' numerous po boys the day and days before. I checked out the menu online and I new this place had to be good. We had the steak salad and let me tell you it did not disappoint at all. This place is cozy and has some serious history including the "interesting" floor symbols. I later read the plackard on the wall which told the tale on the floor. The vibe is low key and most in there are locals or frequent visitors. It is so close to the crazy huge establishments across the street which catch most visitors eyes. You could easily miss this place too. 
Crab cakes-crisp, thick and delish with a nice sauce :)
Steak Salad- large, fresh greens, tons of bleu cheese, Tender steak, fresh and tasty :)
We ventured back 3 times, I also tried the Crawfish Etoufee DELISH!!!
The chicken gumbo, also delish and a side salad which was tasty and fresh too. 
I love this place! I will be back when I come again in May to NOLA! Everything I saw brought to other tables looked so good too :) lots of options to try here. 
Service was friendly and pretty fast. If you are looking for lunch near convention center then try this place. short walk away from all that convention center food :)Mediocre food, service was phenomenal. In town for a large conference and we took over the place. You can tell the restaurant didn't expect so many people all at once. However, our server Garald handled it very well.By far best place we've eaten here in New Orleans.  Fantastic drinks, appetizers and meals.  Try the Boudin Balls or Fried green tomatoes for starters.  Had the crab cakes for the main course which was excellent.  Service was fantastic and the food was prepared quickly.  Desert was bread pudding and was amazing.  Definitely a must go place if you visit.  Only a block from the Riverside Hilton where we were staying.  Will definitely come back!I would give this place another 5 stars if at all possible. Wonderful experience all around! The Gumbo was the best I've had in NOLA! It's amazing!Great Creole Shrimp.  Our waittress was great too.  We showed up with a group of 3 adults and 8 kids.  Couldn't eat inside, but they accomodated us kindly outdoors.  It was raining, but being under the awning was just perfect.  The only complaint in our group was the chicken strips.  One kid loved them and another hated them.  I think they were just "different" than other restaraunt chicken strips.  These looked hand battered and seasoned.Stopped in for a cocktail and gumbo in the afternoon.  Had not been to Ernst in a few years.  Easy bar to hang out in.  Staff is good and they have a mix of a couple locals and warehouse district/convention center people.
Had the Gumbo.  Good Roux flavor, a bit thin but nicely done.  I would preferred it have a touch more spice so I did not need to use the Tabasco.  Also had the Boudin Balls.  Pretty yummy.  Nice appetizer that I would get again with beer.
Worth stopping in if you are looking for less commercial and more neighborhood feel.We stumbled on this place, right near where we were staying. What a stroke of luck. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was exactly what we were looking for. Very laid back and really good food. It was the kind of bar and food we were wanting. The servers were attentive with being intrusive. The crab cakes were good as was the catfish. Plus the beer was cold, as expected! Historic building, in the Warehouse District. Try it.I met a fellow Yelper here while I was in town, I walked a short distance from where I was and we sat at the bar. It was in the afternoon, not many people. Quiet, laid-back, chill. We drank and chatted about what people chat about and had a nice time. 
The bartender was knowledgeable and y'all have Sam Adams here, woohoo. Although I don't drink the Sammies, that was cool to see I didn't know they had them down here.The experience overall was not horrible but the food was mediocre at best. The Chicory BBQ Chicken was bland and served luke warm. The crab cakes my friend ordered had a vague flavor of freezer burn. The Cobb Steak Salad my other friend had was decent.  
Service was attentive but the food didn't have enough flavor for me.  It might have been a bad day for Ernst...or maybe I should have had one of the burgers or a po boy.  but unless you are a tourist looking to grab a non-memorable meal or just meet for drinks, Ernst would be okay. 
On another note it is worth noting the age of the bar/restaurant (106 yrs old) and the amazing floor tile/accents. Overall I would suggest just have drinks here.The place was busy, but I was a little disappointed with how cold my fries were when I got them. My burger was also not cooked to the temperature I requested. Given how long it took to get the food however, I didn't send it back to the kitchen. The drink I got was pretty strong though, so that makes up for a little bitBasically, I was at the casino for a few hours and by the time I left, I was starving. I wasn't going to eat at the overpriced casino "restaurants", if that's what you wanna call them. I was staying at the W hotel and decided to walk around the block to see if there was anything open and not packed so I could grab a quick bite to eat. That's when I found Ernst Cafe. I ordered the chicken strip meal with fries (yeah, I went total fat kid and got everything fried!) and my mom got the cheeseburger. The food came out in a fairly decent time. The food wasn't anything special but it got the job done.Stopped in for lunch.  Excellent menu options and the food was delicious.  Good variety of beer and drink options.  Absolutely outstanding service!  Definitely would go backService wast fast. They do need more option on TV's for broadcasting multiple sporting events. Only have Birthday Drinks and a couple appetizers. Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Mmmmmm. The Fried alligator was perfection seasoned correctly, every bite tender.Food looked awesome on the plate, but tasted just ok. Staff was not the least bit attentive. We were not greeted when we came in and had to ask a waitress if we could sit at a dirty table which she did clean right away. We then sat there for a very long time before she came back to take our order. We sat for much longer before she brought our drinks. Other waitresses walking by would not acknowledge you and our waitress was nowhere to be seen except when she finally brought the drinks and food. Would not eat here again .Terrible service. Our waitress was beyond flustered. She informed us they were too busy to get kids soda. She then changed it to the machines were down. We questioned being able to get a cocktail with soda in it. She that would be no problem. Seems strange they work if you want alcohol added in. She repeatedly told us they were so slammed there wasn't many options for anything. I'm not sure if she is new to waitressing, but the amount of people  there was far from being slammed. At the end of the meal, we went to pay for a very lack luster meal and were informed we couldn't use a credit card. We asked why not and she got very upset and told us again they were so slammed that there credit card machine wasn't able to keep up. When she could see that answer wasn't really satisfactory to us. She grabbed the check and said," fine I guess I'll just get yelled at by my manager because of you guys." It was very unprofessional.Horrible service. Waited 45 minutes for starters and second round of drinks. Kitchen forgot part of our starters order and brought it out after we'd paid for the check. Don't bother with this place. Food is def not worth the wait.Food and drink was not bad. Server was a little over whelmed. It's not often I take the bill and my credit card inside and find someone to pay. Not that she was not trying. Was just a lot of tables and one person. I am/was patient so it's ok. But, when folks be drinking. Stay on the empty glasses.  We appreciate and tip for it.This was a nice place to grab a drink - it's an old spot - but the food just wasn't anything to write home about. On the other hand, it's one of the relatively few places in the business district where the kitchen stays open late, so if you want to save yourself a hike to the French Quarter, it'll do.Terrible service, food took way to long for type of restaurant. When we asked what was taking so long waitress argued with us.  In the end we waited over 45 minutes and left without eating.Gumbo was delish!! Added some Cajun seasoning on top..but I like it spicy. Will be back...