So, Blue Agave plants are going extinct or whatever and there won't be any tequila in a few years, according to leading scientists, so Mezcal joints are the hot new thing in libations. Now, like New York City, New Orleans has one too, and it's pretty good. 
The tacos are on point. We had shrimp, fish and al pastor. Shrimps were the big winners. Quality tortillas. I usually prefer corn tortillas, but the shrimp and fish came on flour, and these were some good flour tortillas. Nice and spongy. The al pastor was a bit dry, and could have used some sauce. I don't think it's prepared on a spit in the traditional fashion. Had guac and ceviche, too, both of which were fantastic. Tacos are 4 dollars a pop.
We had mezcal margaritas, which were tasty as well. Mezcal is good, it tastes like an old boot, but in a good way. Made the margaritas stand out from the rest. Cocktails range from 8-13 dollars. 
Decor was nice in a cute space, and service was good. We didn't go for happy hour, but it looks like a good deal, with 3 dollar tacos, 6 dollar margaritas and 2 dollar Tecate.Has only been open for a month!! The food matches the eclectic atmosphere, while oozing appreciation of all flavors and love from Mexico. Mezcal. Deep fried quesadillas. Fresh handmade Epazote  tortillas. Salsas you could only dream of. Citrus bursting ceviche. Coconut shrimp and habanero-mango sauce with no fuss. Tantalizing taco mecca! 
Straight up- just damn good. Chef Nanyo Dominguez Cervantes... you genius.I'm torn because I don't want this place to become too crowded to get to anymore, but they deserve the business. Great ambiance, great service, and the food was fantastic. Our little group can personally vouch for the the classico guacamole, creole queso (YES!), crispy shrimp tacos, shrimp cerviche... nothing was less than delicious. Will be adding this to our N.O. list.A friend mentioned this place to me so I decided to check it out. I went in during happy hour. During happy hour the tacos are $1 off and the salsas and drinks are discounted as well. I got a clasico margarita and it was pretty good. I also ordered the Yucateca Habanero salsa. It was very good. A little sweet and kind of fruity then the heat hits you on the tail end. It's watery though but I like watery salsas as opposed to the chunkier ones. I would like to try the others. I ordered 3 tacos: the Baja fish, cajun fish, and the black bean. To my surprise, my favorite of the three was the black bean. It had the most flavor out of them all. It had pico, sweet potato, and cotija cheese. The Baja fish was also pretty good but needed a little punch so I added some of the habanero salsa to it. My least favorite was the cajun fish taco. I think the piece of fish could've been a little bigger and had more seasoning. It was quite bland. The tortillas on each of the tacos were nice and fresh. I had both corn and flour. I prefer the flour. For whatever reason, I did something I rarely do and ordered dessert. Apparently, the chef does different types of sorbets and I chose the cactus sorbet because I'm all for trying something new. I was pleasantly surprised. It was sort've strange but tasty. It definitely tasted a touch grassy or plant-like but that's to be expected because...cactus. It was sweet but not too sweet and a bit tart. The consistency was a bit.....viscus I guess I would say. I would get it again. The decor is very cute. It's small and cozy inside. The location is hidden away on a side street so they'll definitely need word of mouth to get people over there. I did notice that they had a chalkboard sign out on the sidewalk at the beginning of the street, which is good. Our server was super nice and very attentive. She was refilling water and asking if we needed anything every time I looked up it seemed. I hope this place does well. It's only been open since New Year's.Wonderful food, best Mezcal selection in the city, lovely space, beautiful staff and bartenders (do they hire models here?) , the chief is muy guapo, and the ceviche is my favorite in town. I can't wait to come back for more, those tacos are legendary and the bar program is killer, love the watermelon mezcalita. 5 stars!You've got to eat here. The drinks are great, and all of the food is fresh and delicious. The tacos are on soft, fresh tortillas. We had one cauliflower and one pork- can't wait to order both again. Also the tortilla soup, pickled vegetables, street corn and chocolate ice cream. Go here!FINALLY.... after searching for a Mexican place for the past few weeks my prayers have been answered! This place is it, seriously you don't need to look any further for a taco place. 
We went on a Friday night and they were packed however we were able to easily get two seats at the bar. The bartenders were attentive and helpful as they were mixing up delicious margs for the restaurant. We each got some tacos and salsa and for the first time since being in NOLA were satisfied. Their tacos are exactly what tacos should be. Small, flavorful and corn!!! Their tomatillo salsa is absolutely delicious i only wish there was more! 
I highly recommend this place! The atmosphere is great! The food is great! The service is top notch! And the margs are delicious! GO. NOW!Initially, the service was horrendous. There was a sign that said "Please wait to be seated" and we waited for almost 5 minutes (with the restaurant only about half full). We were seated and then promptly moved to another table in the corner. The waitress was very friendly and kind, but the menu was limited and confusing to read. Chips and salsa weren't free, which was unconventional, but the menu offered a salsa flight $7, which was delicious. Overall it was a unique experience, but definitely for a niche crowd. If you're with picky eaters, or someone non-adventurous, I would not recommend.Every taco was amazing! The coffee mezcal drink with the coffee ice cube was my favorite! Will return for Happy Hour and then someHonestly, I just showed up the first time because it's close to my work. I tried the cauliflower one just to see if it was too spicy for the vegans in my life. It's my FAVE!  You might not think you need cauliflower, pickled beets and cashew habanero crema, but you DO!  I don't really know if it's vegan, I never asked. I love the baja taco, the pastor taco, the shrimp taco, the street corn, the beans. I've had the meals and specials before too, but my personality is to have small bites of everything, so I like the street tacos and sides the best.  I finally had the mescal margarita and,   as another review noted, it does have an earthy, smokey flavor.  I love it. The staff is super friendly, and I've found them to be efficient even in a mostly full restaurant.Hands down the best Mexican food in New Orleans. The menu is unlike anywhere else with authentic items. The bar offers a HUGE selection of mezcal and tequila. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the owners are there working along with everyone else everyday. The prices really affordable for the quality, especially the happy hour deals. Try the cauliflower taco.The Asada torta is amazing!! I would of snapped a picture but it didn't stand a chance. The salsa's are amazing as well as the crawfish queso. Taylor was our server and she was greatness!! Highly recommend.Perfect guacamole! Perfect tacos! Vegan friendly. Nice people. Cool space. A must go!!!Every month or so, a dear friend of mine and myself meet up to enjoy a 3-4 hour lunch at one of the many restaurants in and around NOLA. We like to talk and we like to eat, so it's always a wonderful day, especially when the food is amazing. Whenever the food is so good that we're too busy eating to talk, you know it's good! Amazing is exactly what we both thought of today's choice, Espiritu. 
We like to get multiple dishes and split so we can sample more of the menu. Here are the ones we tried from Espiritu today (and yes, we both highly recommend everything we had!) SO delicious! 
Jicama/Cucumber/Lime/Chili powder salad. OMG, this was so good that I'm now going to be trying to make this at home often. Seeming simple yet yielded such flavor and so refreshing. 
Next we had espazote quesadilla - again so delicious....discovered that I love this new-to-me Mexican herb espazote! 
We had 4 of the little tacos (fish, shrimp, cauliflower, pork) and a side of espazote street corn....man, oh man, there's that seasoning again - so good!
We ended with piping hot, made-to-order churros with chocolate dipping sauce. They were delicious but I thought the batter recipe would benefit from a pinch of salt to elevate it even more.  
The two mezcal craft cocktails (Carta de Amor & Midnight Mariachi) that we ordered were both delicious and I would get either again. I had never tried Mezcal (and am not particularly fond of tequila) so didn't have high expectations, but WOW, the mezcal gave them such an unusual and unique taste - almost earthy/herbally or something, that I quite liked. 
Even though my friend and I try to always go to a new restaurant every time we get together, we both knew that we will be putting this great gem on a constant rotation. True, authentic Mexican cuisine is not easy to find. 
The owner, who is from the beautiful city of Puebla, MX, came over and chatted with us for a while and clearly has a passion for food and his restaurant. Also, our server was absolutely perfect, a young Venezuelan woman who was charming and efficient. 
Other remarks: They offer lots of delicious vegetarian opions. 
My only regret is that I didn't take photos of all of the lovely food and cocktails to share with you. Next time!Let me say this was the best food and drink experience I have had in several trips to NOlA. This 3 day trip my wife and I ate at Peche, Luke, and for last night just came to Espiritu for happy hour. Long story short ended up staying 3 hours. Never had tacos like these (shrimp, beef tongue, and octopus). Fresh and amazing with simple toppings. Street corn is a must, and blew us away. But what you need to know is this is a Mezcal bar. Owners (jason, Amanda, and I'm so sorry I forgot the chef's name who is from Mexico) are passionate and spent a lot of time educating us and making recommendations. I'm now a Mezcal fan and can't wait to continue to explore. Again, find this place and go have a great expeience.Finally got a chance to visit and it did not disappoint. We walked in on a Saturday at 4:45 and was able to sit down right away. Started off with the creole queso and an avocado dip. We tried the shrimp tacos, fish tacos and octopus tacos. All were good. I'd prefer a little extra sauce on all of them, they were a little dry. Of course we got drinks. The Mexican 75 was a good twist to the French 75. But the strawberry basil Margarita was a different taste not to my liking ;-(. 
Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable. 
We had a another waitress maybe...she was the owner visited our table SEVERAL times. It was a bit much, we could hardly get a taste in before she was headed to our table asking for a review of EVERYTHING!!!!!! But 
overall we had a great experience and will definitely be returning.Amazing place and food! Authentic Mexican flavors. We had the chicken pipian and the cochinita pibil nd it exceed our expectations! Definetly coming backAmazing food, great service and good drinks. It's a little off the beaten path but pretend you're a local and go. The salsa trio was fresh, and give the beet taco a try - trust me, it's worth it!Delicious tacos, great vibe, and fast, friendly service. I had only 40 minutes before heading to the airport and the server was very accommodating in getting me fed and settled up quickly. The cauliflower, Cajun fish, and black bean tacos were all outstanding, as was the jicama salad.Great Mexican food with an amazing Mezcal selection.  If you are looking for great Mexican food paired with the perfect Mezcal or tequila drink this is the place to go to in NOLA.This is authentic Mexican food. Please go here and get the salsa, the guacamole and anything else you want because it's so good. The Jicama cucumber salad is to die for. It's like being in Mexico without the montezumas revenge if you know what I mean. I got the crispy shrimp taco and the fish. Both excellent. Great service and wonderful food. Not busy the night we went. Close to Lafayette square. Put on your GPS because you can miss it easily on Capdeville St.Lengua taco and the shrimp taco were AMAZING! The salads were delicious as well. My favorite is the Arbol and garlic salsa. Our waitress Taylor was great with recommendations. If we're ever back in New Orleans, we will definitely come back here.Where do I even start... EVERYTHING was phenomenal! Taylor, our waitress, was amazing! She recommended all the perfect dishes. Drinks were awesome and food was sooo authentic and unique. This is THE new spot! This is a must if you are craving Mexican and stuck downtown/French Quarter NOLA.Great hidden gem! The food was great and I loved the Mezcal. Myself and my friends loved the food and drinks. Also the owner chatted with us and he was so friendly and welcoming. The staff are also very friendly and gave us great service. Anyone and everyone must enjoy this restaurant!!Finally!! A Mezcaleria in NOLA! Not only do they have a great start on mezcal selections (still growing) the food is amazing.  We started with the ceviche and guacamole. Fish was sheepshead, one of my favs and perfect for the chefs creative take on the dish, so delicious...my husband wanted to lick the bowl. Best damn guacamole I have ever eaten...how is that possible?? Finished with Mahi-mahi tacos, grilled cauliflower/beet tacos and tacos al pastor, all yummy.  Would have loved to finish with the dark chocolate and chili ice cream...will be looking for it next time. Thank you Sarah and David for the great over bar discussions of mezcal, food and travel. Great Valentines date nite for us...we will be back!Being vegan, we have had to be a little more creative in our food ventures down here in NOLA. We've been lucky in our choices, as we've had some of the best food off the beaten path. This place did not disappoint! Amazing mezcal drinks, I had the Paloma and it was delicious. I also had the cauliflower taco and wow, was it good! Definitely recommend, the service was great and the place was beautiful.SO Because I am a Tequila Lover I must say I am a Fan of this spot. The ambiance of this spot is really cool. Though, it was hard finding it because it is ducked off but I thoroughly enjoyed the search! I am not a big fan of Cilantro so when i received my tacos Cilantro was very strong on them. They were still good it's just the cilantro was strong on them. However, my drink was really good. There were many types of mescals,tequilas,blended,100% agave tequilas etc.... I was in awe of that. Overall I enjoyed myself and had a great time!Great great food and drinks!!  It's always a plus to be able to experience a new (to us) restaurant at happy hour.  Excellent margaritas and very tasty tacos!!  Highly recommend!!  A little off the beaten path but the regular prices aren't like the tourist spots!!Just wow!   The tacos are amazing.  Easily the best I've ever eaten.  Hopefully the location doesn't ruin this place, cause capedeville was amazing too, but I guess being on a weird side street keeps people from knowing it exists.This place stole my heart. We came without any plan just looking for a mezcal cocktails place and found in the last minute on google "Espiritu".
Even when was Sunday saints game and they have a short  options for food, the guacamole CDMX was on top of the world. The most delicious!.... and cochinita tacos OH MY G! I'm very lucky to found my new favorite spot for Mexican food the quality of food and drinks is unbelievable, a real Mexican flavor taste.
Thank you Amanda and our bartender who made our date afternoon really cute and enjoyableCame here for a work lunch - it was all so authentic and yummy. The interior design is so cute, and the staff was very tentative and friendly as well. I definitely recommend.Espiritu is honestly a hidden gem. I grew up eating Mexican food and this place did not disappoint. The mezcal is a must. I highly recommend giving it a try. The owner is so nice and friendly. If you want delicious food with vegan/vegetarian options and authentic flavorful Mexican food this place is a must!So so so happy we searched "mezcal" on Yelp while we were in New Orleans last week. My husband and I are not big on Yelp reviews. We run a restaurant in Oakland Ca so we know how awful & inaccurate people's perception of an experience can be. With that said, we also believe strongly in supporting passionate, forward-thinking, small businesses & know the power of word of mouth. 
Espiritu Mezcaleria is the most authentic Mexico City style food we have found in New Orleans and the most extensive collection of rare mezcales in the city. We were welcomed in warmly, guided through the menu by our lovely bartender Sarah (with an "h") and were so pleasantly surprised by the food. 
This is not taqueria food. The staff knows their stuff when it comes to mezcal. We will be recommending this place to our friends in and outside of New Orleans. 
Please support this family owned business.Growing up an orphan on an agave plantation in Mexico, even as a young boy I developed a sophisticated palate for fresh authentic Mexican food and mescal. I moved to New Orleans as a young man to chase my dream of becoming a river boat pilot
I had all but given up on Mexican food in New Orleans and seldom ventured out from the confines of my estate. Some even considered me a misanthrope 
Preferring instead the birch the elm and my fainting goats Wilbur and biscuit , they were all I needed. But then things changed.
Then I found this place and I go back 
As often as I can. Great food and mescal. 
I even started to like people again, on occasion.Wow....the tacos were AMAZING. I usually feel as if it is hard to find a decent lengua taco but these tacos are sooo perfect juicy and flavorful! The Pulpo taco (Octopus) had crunchy chicharon and the guac was a perfect touch to the octopus that complemented each other well. (Usually wouldn't be up for trying stuff like that but definitely recommend) and the Shrimp tacos were small and simple but had a nice flavor almost like a honey walnut taste.Quite simply the best!  The bar tender has a special knack for creating craft cocktails and of course if you love mezcal this is the place. The food is divine and I've never had a bad time there or bad service. If you want a tasty meal with a delicious cocktail and great, friendly service this is your place!Espiritu was cool! Large selection of Mezcal, not a large selection of food. Tacos are pretty much your only choice here. Pass on the queso and guacamole. Not very flavorful and queso was barely warm. Service was good and they did a great job despite only having a few staff members. Good lunch / dinner option in the CBD.Very tasty food, we highly enjoyed all the dishes minus the ceviche which was odd. The huitlacoche quesadilla was a favorite. Good selection of drinks. Great to see cocktails that aren't loaded with sugar. Worth checking out!Mexican food always catches my attention, and Espiritu was on my list of places to try for a long time. I finally came by and was not disappointed!
My friend and I shared the Jicama Salad and Ceviche Campechano. I ordered a cauliflower taco and sweet potato taco, and she got a cauliflower and pork al pastor. We found the Jicama Salad, which was just big pieces of Jicama and cucumbers, to be quite sour. The ceviche with mixed seafood was delicious, and the sauce was very flavorful. We both enjoyed the Cauliflower Tacos a lot but thought they needed something extra to make the flavors pop (some cheese or a squeeze of lime, for example). I LOVED the sweet potato taco with black beans, cotija cheese, pico de gallo, and soyrizo. There was so much flavor in it.
I plan on coming back again, again, and again for the ceviche and sweet potato taco! I can't wait to try other menu items as well.This place is amazing from the atmosphere to the food & of course, the mezcal margarita, complete with a tajín rim! I had the adobo chicken & cochinita pibil tacos which are on their happy hour menu... YUM! I also had the chips salsa trio & loved all three, including the warm slightly salted chips (and I consider myself a salsa snob). Finally, the mezcal margarita was delicious! I will for sure come here every time I come back to New Orleans.Late review from March. Dinner was delicious, and cocktails were as well. Service slightly spotty. Will definitely return.Authentic, delicious, and healthy Mexican food. Went for lunch. Everything takes fresh; seems like they make a lot of things by hand. Everything is really tastily seasoned without being too salty/overkill. Great flavors. Had 3 tacos - sweet potato, cauliflower, and the Cajun fish - and all were excellent. Chips and guac were great - well seasoned but not overly salty, and the avocados tasted super fresh. Their margaritas are perfect - not overly sweet, great flavor, and they'll do some sort of seasoning (whose name escapes me) instead of salt on the rim which was great. Great place for any meal - will be going back shortly, great addition to NOLA's already amazing food landscape.Excellent Tacos, delicious drinks, everything we tried was great. The cauliflower taco is a must-have, its perfect, so incredibly good. crispy shrimp and baja fish taco were bomb. The cajun fish taco could have been better. I wish they had a taco tuesday deal, but their happy hour is pretty great. Their bartender was so nice!Wonderful gem to find in NOLA.
We were looking for a great place to get some guacamole, tacos and margaritas and we found it.
Service is great! 
Food delicious and fresh!
Highly recommended!The food, the drinks, the service - absolutely amazing...each and every time. And the "Mezcal Society" is such a great concept, especially enjoyed the virtual tasting & pairing tonight. 
Do yourself a favor and eat, drink and enjoy the heck out of everything on the menu! Oh, and they have and make the best Sotol cocktails I've had!Excellent lunch today - fresh guacamole; crispy, light tacos; friendly waitress; and pleasant surroundings.If you are looking for a unique margarita, look no further! This mezcal bar has a fabulous cocktail menus with Smokey and vibrant mezcal drinks. My husband had dessert in a glass called Ososito. I had the signature Espiritu. They were both amazing drinks! I highly recommend you stop in to experience the craft of Espiritu.Great place !!
The Crispy Shrimp, Baja Fish and the Pork Tacos were all excellent. 
Each were distinctly different and very flavorful.  Served on corn tortillas that were perfect, not soggy or falling apart. 
The big surprise was Daniels extensive Mezcal knowledge and selection.  
Great food along with a terrific owner and staff make this my new favorite place in New Orleans. 
Thank you !!Wow, really amazing food and craft cocktails. Huge selection of Mezcal and hands down the coconut flan was the best flan I have ever eaten. Ever.  Superb service. Nice atmosphere, it is off the beaten path but don't let that fool you there is freaking magic inside!!!The food was amazing. We started with the Happy Hour specials and we were hooked. We literally ordered one of every taco. The habanero mango salsa sneaks up on you! Great food!!!Me and the girls were going to another taco place that we previously deemed best tacos in Nola but the line was long and they closed early. So we tried Espiritu and we now have a new fave. 
The margs were delicious , and came w a tajin rim. I got the crispy shrimp and crispy fish tacos and they were AMAZING. My friends got the cauliflower, the chicken, and the pork. All of the tacos tasted distinctly different from one another, but it was hard to pick a favorite. They were all incredible. I also got the street corn and it was to die for. I'm already itching to go back and will not be directing everyone to my new favorite spot.The food was good but had a bad experience. The table across from us had a party of 20+ that was loud and rowdy as if it was someones house and didnt have enough chairs. They kept hovering over our table and annoying and interrupring our meal. The lady literally had a cup on top of her head and started dancing and did nothing about it. It was hard to hold any conversation or enjoy our dinner. I understand guests actions are out of the control of the restaurant but the floor people looked like they wanted nothing to do with the situation. But something could have definitely been done with the rearrangement of all the tables and chairs, the noise level, and the dancing karen.Location, atmosphere, service, drinks and food. Everything was delightful. Great happy hour. We arrived before happy hour began, but I'll come back to check it out soon. Mezcal margarita so tasty. I had two tacos and the Creole Queso. I can't wait to try more of the menu, everything looks amazing.Amazing Mexican food & drink in NOLA. Our server was extremely knowledgeable explaining all the Mescals and food option to us. I tried the mescal tasting (watch out ) food: al pastor taco, Baja taco, black bean soup, seafood ceviche were all absolutely delicious! Look for the chalk arrows in the neighborhood to lead the way to this hidden gem! Definitely 5 stars all the wayFound this spicy gem while hunting for Mezcal and Wow!  Sat at the counter and ended up chatting with one of the charming owners while we ate our lunch, sampled a variety of Mezcals, and learned more about the artisanal Mezcal making process.  You MUST try the epazote quesadilla appetizer plus the tacos were divine (you'll need 2 or 3, and if you like lengua, it's the best my husband ever had).  The guacamole was fresh and delicious as well.  Bonus, Chef Nanyo from Mexico City popped out to talk with us about Mezcal, increasing our knowledge and desire to learn more.  You can feel the passion, love and energy in Espiritu...we'll definitely be back on our next trip to NOLA and will follow their adventures via Instagram in the meantime!  :)  
xx @hiveandhumAfter 5 days in New Orleans and countless amazing meals my husband and I agreed that our lunch here was the best meal of our trip, and we ate a LOT. The crawfish queso, Street corn side, crispy shrimp tacos, verona cocktail were the allstars but each bite was perfect. Cozy with a great friendly staff.  This is the perfect spot that's doing everything right and I already look forward to returning.Awesome drinks, awesome food, great service. Menu is small but everything is great. The menu also changes seasonally and they use locally sourced products and the freshest ingredients. Wonderful decor and very comfortable and welcoming.Outstanding food, vibe, decor, employees, prices, etc... A wonderful place to try for a great meal, or they have a great happy hour as well.We had someone from NOLA suggested this place and we walked 20 minutes to get here! The food was amazing and they were so friendly! The street corn is the best I have ever had in my life! Have the crispy shrimp taco!! All the food is over the top!Listen, I'm a taco eater through and through. So I was a little worried when I got the cauliflower tacos but didn't see anything that stood out, no sauces or anything. But when I bit into it, I was immediately blown away. I don't know what they season the tacos with but Lawd!!! They were so good!!! I'll definitely be back!!!The cocktails here are amazing.  Top notch across the board.
The food is great too.  I am particular fan of the sweet potato tacos for lunch.
The location is kind of hard to find / not ideal.  If the location were better I imagine they would get a lot more business.
I really enjoy the mezcal olde fashioned!After my last review shortly after their opening, I said the service was lacking because the food came out so slowly. Jason, one of the owners remembered us and graciously responded that he agreed with the review and and asked that we give them another chance. I'm thrilled that we did. The food is delicious. Guacamole is perfect as is the creole queso. The mezcal drinks are smoky and fabulous and if driving wasn't an issue I would have had more. Fish, shrimp and cauliflower tacos are excellent. But do not miss the deeply rich chocolate chili ice cream. Could eat that til they ran out. Amanda was lovely. Strongly recommend this restaurant.Poor service. Limited menu. Food was hit or miss. Stay away from the cochinita torta.Looooovvvveeee this place so much!! Every time I come here it is consistently superb.  For food I typically get the salsa trio, crawfish queso and an assortment of tacos. My favorite is the shrimp with pickled onion and mango habanero aioli.  They also have plenty of vegetation options such as the sweet potato with black bean and cauliflower taco.  They also have entrees and tortas if you're looking for something other than tacos. From 4-6 there is a really nice happy hour with discounted salsa, $2 tacos and $5 classic margaritas.  The bartenders here are truly some of the best in the city and they have created some amazing cocktails using mezcal. If you're not a fan of mezcal they will happily make you a cocktail with your spirit of choice.   I tried the Mardi Gras King Cake Fizz and omgggggggg, best drink I've had in my entire life.  Kind people, excellent food and cocktails, reasonable prices, cute restaurant..... what more could you ask for? Espiritu deserves more than 5 stars.Wow, just wow! As a California native and someone who has recently lived in Phoenix for five years, I know my tacos and Mexican food. Espiritu was phenomenal! My sister has been raving about this place for months and telling me we *had* to come while I was visiting. 
My sister, BIL, and I came in the last few minutes of happy hour so we each got a classic/house(?) margarita for $5 and a taco for $2 and a trio of salsas. The salsas were so fresh tasting! They were out of the habanero so we had the tomatillo, roasted tomato, and a garlic one. I loved both the tomatillo and tomato but stayed clear of the garlic because garlic doesn't sit well with me. Although I usually prefer a bit more spice as in the tomato, the tomatillo was my favorite. 
The margaritas were top-notch, especially considering they were happy hour margaritas. No sweet/sour mix here! A lime-y, tequila-y, strong, delicious margarita! GREAT DEAL! 
Tip: you can get the Tajin on the rim instead of salt!
For dinner, I had the cauliflower taco, sweet potato taco, and shrimp taco as well as bites of the chicken and pork tacos. All were delicious but, damn that sweet potato taco was my favorite. My sister's chicken pozole and BIL's turkey mole (both specials) were to die for! 
Now, what made the experience go from awesome to truly exceptional was the mezcal tasting. It was so much more than ordering a flight. One of the owners, Amanda, came by our table to ask how our drinks were. She is very friendly and we got to talking about mezcal. I admitted that I wasn't a big fan and preferred tequila. I knew this was a "mezcal place" and I felt totally comfortable telling her that and then asking questions about mezcal. She was so approachable and knowledgeable that she got me excited and curious! So, my BIL and I decided to do a three-flight tasting of mezcal. 
Based on our conversation, Amanda conferred with Jason, a highly-trained mezcal specialist (I forgot the title/certification) and Espiritu bartender, to specifically choose our mezcals. Just amazing!!! They have so many options--I loved the stinky cheese one! There is even a rattlesnake one! 
While I've been raving about Amanda and Jason, I cannot forget the awesome service Taylor provided us--she was on top of everything. 
Go get yourself some sweet potato tacos and try a mezcal flight!Super cute, super small space set just enough out of the hub bub of the French Quarter to be maybe kind of a hidden gem? 
The menu isn't huge, but it doesn't need to be. When you have tacos, salsa and margs, you really don't need much else. The mango habanero salsa is very tasty, and very unexpectedly smooth. Like, a smoothie consistency, smooth. I wasn't expecting it, but I loved it, and highly recommend.
I got a chicken adobo taco and crispy shrimp taco with a side of beans, while my husband got a carne asada taco, a cauliflower taco and a side of elote street corn. The tacos were very good. The beans were exceptional. But that elote was INSANE. So good that I can't even explain to you what it tasted like, other than 'happiness'. Seriously.
This is the real deal. Go there. Support them. Eat that elote. Thank me later.I'm always skeptical of Mexico restaurants when I'm not close to the border (i.e. Arizona or California). This place is really authentic with a twist. They had awesome vegetarian options, drinks were great and our server, Collin, was super cool.After my last review shortly after their opening, I said the service was lacking because the food came out so slowly. Jason, one of the owners remembered us and graciously responded that he agreed with the review and and asked that we give them another chance. I'm thrilled that we did. The food is delicious. Guacamole is perfect as is the creole queso. The mezcal drinks are smoky and fabulous and if driving wasn't an issue I Certainly would have had more. Fish, shrimp and cauliflower tacos are excellent. But do not miss the deeply rich chocolate chili ice cream. Could eat that til they ran out. Amanda was lovely. Strongly recommend this restaurant.Short story: step into a Mexican oasis, order some mezcal and a cauliflower taco; you won't be disappointed.
I usually try and wait to write reviews, especially if the place is great. I'm not trying to hide the location or anything; I want to make sure that I give a truly accurate review from different times of day and after having tried different menu items. Sometimes though, I forget. It happens to us all. I'll visit a location so many times, I KNOW I've written a review - and then Yelp dutifully reminds me that my draft is unfinished. I am so sorry that I have not written a review for this place sooner! I have been here over a dozen times, and loved every.single.visit.  
Decor: Amazing place for art lovers; owner is obviously an art collector, and uses the walls to displays some interesting pieces. There are so many details that make you feel like you've stepped off the street and into a quaint spot in Mexico - the color of the walls, the art, the plants, the interesting seating arrangement. Love it all! 
Bar: There is a bar along the back wall, and no matter the bartender, the drinks are always amazing. I'm a mezcal lover, so these drinks are not only inventive, but my type of delicious. They are all good. Try them all (though maybe not on the same visit). 
Food: The food feels a bit pricier than expected because people generally don't like paying a lot for this type of cuisine, but the prices reflect the quality and location. I've never had anything I didn't love off the menu, though I can never resist the cauliflower taco. My usual order is guacamole if someone else is there to share, then I get the cauliflower taco, whatever other taco I feel like (they're all delicious), and side of street corn (though the beans are also a good choice).  
This is a great place to go anytime, alone for lunch, or with a small group of friends, or the little corner booth with a date. Happy Hour has some good deals if you're around that time of day. Lunch is usually a quick in and out, too, if you ask your server for the check soon enough (they can get busy at lunch sometimes). They always oblige though if you're in a slight rush; they know where they're located and that some people gotta get back to work. That said, the service is always excellent, and that adds not only to the value, but to the percentage of times I've returned to eat here again, and again, and again. Your turn!We heard from multiple people that this place adjacent to Lafayette Square was awesome.  The drinks are truly amazing and we agree that the Espiritu margarita was the best choice.  They have off the menu kids options that work great and also options for the less adventures among us.  For us that enjoy authentic cuisine they do not disappoint.  And don't forget churros and ice cream for dessert!We visited New Orleans from Chicago, and by our 3rd night there we were craving something different...we chose Mexican food!
This place did not disappoint. We decided their tacos may be the best we've ever had.
As a vegetarian, the sweet potato taco was heavenly. The salsa flight was also amazing, as well as the street corn. 
I would recommend this place to anyone who loves chips & salsa and tacos.
Delicious!Very good! Everything we got was super delicious. The menu is limited right now because of Covid but everything was super tasty. I got an alcoholic beverage - with coconut milk, orgeat and soda water and it was SOOOO good! I wasn't expecting it to be that tasty. All apps were great and I got the shrimp taco and the fish taco. I liked both but shrimp was definitely more flavorful. Also loved whatever hot sauce was on the table.Innnnnncredible restaurant. The drinks are by far the best I've ever had in my life. 
The food is very well priced and delicious. I am vegetarian and the cauliflower tacos are amazing. The epazote quesadilla is a MUST have. Not something you'll find for that price at any restaurant. 
If you are a mezcal lover or even like it, don't sleep on this restaurant. Also request the bartender Michael to be your server cause he's the bomb. Super relatable and interesting man!Found this place after a few other restaurants nearby had long waits. Turns out we loved it! Lucky enough to come during happy hour, we enjoyed $5 margaritas, chips and salsas and the $2 tacos! Also enjoyed the beer and mezcal pairing! The ambiance inside was lovely, the bar, art and plants are so beautiful!Really enjoyed my first experience here and can't wait to dine again!
Maybe the best tongue taco in the city... or tied in my book with Taqueria Corona. 
The spicy salsas were actually spicy. 
The mixed seafood ceviche so fresh. 
Vegan/Vegetarian options available. 
The cocktails rocked.
Probably the thing that made me happiest was that the chips were perfect and they kept bringing more with each dip that came out. Nothing worse than having more dip and no chip!I came to this restaurant with an open mind thinking their food will be great. I didn't even want to read reviews, because I just wanted to go for it and check it out. BAD DECISION. This place is gentrified and overpriced! I ordered two shrimp tacos and one chicken adobo taco. Each shrimp taco was $5 which is INSANE because each taco only had TWO pieces of shrimp. Not to mention, it said it was suppose to be MANGO HABANERO and it wasn't. It was just dried shrimp with no flavor at all. The chicken adobo was only $3, and it was pretty good. I give them that. I also ordered their corn which was okay. I also ordered a margarita, and it tasted like water. It was so watered down. I honestly think they can do so much better with their food. This place is honestly a waste of money. This place is NOT authentic at all. Sorry not sorry.Let's just start with the bartender Daniel, he's one of the best hosts in New Orleans. He brings so much more than service to your experience. You're welcomed beyond being just a customer, Daniel and the staff here from front of house to back of house are truly professionals. Food was not only wicked good but also the freshest and most authentic in the city. Highly recommend anything with carne asada and the mezcal tasters to top it all off.This is my third time in and the first and only thing any staffer said to me was "it will be at least 10 minutes until I can get to you". I don't mind waiting, I do mind crappy service.Limited menu and not a lot of flavor except the Guacamole or in our case garlic dip. No one near the door to greet or seat you. Also hard to carry out a conversation as the noise carries. It was not super busy when we were in there and I couldn't hear the person sitting across the table for me let alone the server.Where do I begin, probably the best Mexican food I have had in years! From the cauliflower taco, sweet potatoe, crispy shrimp, to the Vampiro tacos, all are splendid filled with flavor. The guacamole and elote are excellent and to top it all off, a selection of mezcals and tequila to keep you happy!! Thank you Mario and staff for a wonderful nite! And let's not forget about live music as well. A perfect evening!!!!