Lovely bar off the main track. Good beer and wine selection. We didnt eat there but everone seemed to be hapy and the staff was so graciousThe crawfish shrimp and grits were out of this world amazing! The sweet potato fries were also delicious. Wonderful atmosphere and service!very accommodating for our large group, awesome food and gave our bachelor party free slots and beads!Looked great, but not so great. Loved the outdoor patio, but Disappointed in the food. Might have been uncle bens rice.Came for dinner I had Evangeline's Pasta, let me say I've never been big on pasta however I saw the dish as I walked in and was immediately swayed to pasta and thank goodness I ordered it!!! The sauce is light but rich and decadent. The shrimp were so fresh it was like tasting the ocean. I devoured the whole dish and became curious about dessert so I ordered the bread pudding beignets for dessert which was absolutely divine!!!! The richness of bread budding but in beignet??!! My head exploded totally yummy!!!! Fantastic Meal From Beginning to End!!!Where to begin? The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is relaxed and sets the tone for a lovely evening -- great for a table of two or ten. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. I highly recommend Evangeline.Great walk in dinner at the bar! Sean (sp) is fantastic & makes a great old fashioned! The courtyard is beautiful!Late lunch prior to wedding later in the evening. Very good ambience.  Lot of LSU fans.  Perfect place for a snack after the Audubon aquarium. 
Decided to split appetizer and sandwich.  Ordered red beans and rice which turned out spiced just like we like it.
Next ordered shrimp poboy.  Bread was out of this world delicious.  Shrimp plentiful and breaded well. I would have preferred a little spicier. 
Severice excellent.  Will return.Food was deeply mediocre. Service was terrible. Drinks tasted like limeade. Don't order soda because you'll get very little. Watch out for gastric distress. And way overpriced! Ruined our night.Nice atmosphere. Probably the best shrimp Po-Boy I've had!! Location is easy to find at the friendly staff made recommendations for beignets and other dishes. I'd recommend this restaurant highly.My teenage daughter and I walked across the street to Evangeline's from our hotel on our first night in NO.  We arrived at approximately 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Our delightful server, Rachel guided us with excellent choices from the menu.  For a cocktail I had a Sazerac which was incredibly smooth and robust, and we shared the crab cake appetizer which was delicious!!  We shared an order of the etouffee as our entree and red beans and rice on the side.  Both dishes were superb!  The atmosphere is flavorful of the French Quarter and comfortable.  The service and food were excellent, and we highly recommend Evangeline's as a terrific NOLA eating experience!Fantastic place with a unique menu and friendly staff. Outdoor courtyard in original style. Love itOMGod... whoever has not had the Belgian Waffle with Crawfish .. has not experienced LIFE!!!Stopped in here for drinks before a show at the House of Blues. Adam the bartender was very attentive, and made delicious beverages - I had the Frenchman 75, and my partner had a Old Fashioned, both top-notch. The owner was also in that evening and was extremely friendly and welcoming, talking with us for quite a while about being a business owner in NOLA. As the evening wore on it got a bit more rambunctious, in a good way - very fun energy and welcoming staff.A highlight of our New Orleans trip.  BEST crawfish and grits we could have imagined.  The bananas foster cheesecake sent my husband into a food coma - so creamy and light thanks to the ricotta cheese in the recipe.  The owner squeezed us in without a reservation and even came next door to the Irish Pub to let us know the table was ready.  What could be better than amazing food served by great people?I hate doing this, but some places deserve one star. Would I ever go back?  No. Would I recommend a friend to go there? No. 
Ambiance is nice. They seated our large party right away as we had a reservation.  Our server was nice. It is all down hill from there. Our beers were short poured (my guess is about 12 ounces in each pint). 
We ordered our food and then nothing. Appetizers came out a little slower than expected and were pretty tasty. About an hour after we ordered, the first dishes we ordered came out. Thirty minutes after that, the rest of our groups food came out. YES. THIRTY MINUTES. What was the excuse? They ran out of rice. How is that possible?  Almost everything on the menu has rice. That was their only excuse. No apologies, no offer of other food while the rice was cooking for over an hour. Just insane. 
When the food came out, the crawfish etoufee was the worst I had had in my life. It tasted like canned tomatoes with frozen tiny crawfish and hard rice. Seriously?  F minus on that. 
At the end of the meal we all got our split checks with the mandatory 20 percent tip for a party of 8 or more. Ridiculous. No offer of apologies. The manager never stopped by our table. Not once. No offer of dessert of drink on the House. It took some serious complaining to get our bills reduced. 
In summary, a total wasted meal. Don't ever go there.Wow, this may just be my new favourite place in New Orleans. I came here on a somewhat busy Thursday night, and ordered the creole jambalaya with catfish and sausage. Being Sri Lankan, I opted for the highest level of spice (go big or go home, right?). The flavours were amazing and this dish surpassed my expectations. The food was piping hot when it arrived. The waiter was attentive and jovial. The ambiance was nice. This was the perfect meal to end my trip with before heading back to Toronto. Definitely hope to be back for more!I came here with a party of 8. We made reservations for 8:00pm and were seated right away. The table was outside and they put the heat lamps on for us. They also had beads for us bc we were there for a bachelorette party, I thought this was a really nice touch! 
We started with drinks and appetizers. The crab cakes were good and had a lot of flavor. I got the shrimp po boy sandwich which had a lot of flavor and was pretty big. 
Overall this place was great. The service was fast and friendly, the outside seating area was very cute, and the food was good.The gator bites are amazing! My first time trying gator and it was so good. The bar tender i don't remember her name but she was so sweet and nice. The strawberry vodka lemonade is to die for!They get 5 stars for putting up with our crying baby, a great local beer list, solid red beans and rice, and fantastic cajun shrimp and grits. I feel this is a great value in NOLA and we'll definitely be back.Delicious!! We went here for my sisters bachelorette party and were 11 people.  I tried almost everyone's food and it was all delicious!  The owner and his wife came over to the table many times to check on us and even gave a brief history lesson on where the name Evangeline came from.  They treated my sister, the bride, very well!! A must try!  Beautiful decor!We happened to stumble upon this little gem on our way to the French Quarter and I am so glad we did. It's a beautiful little restaurant with local art, local beer, and awesome music. I got the Pasta Evangeline and it was a-may-zing. Way beyond my expectations. My vegan hubby chose the Sweet Potato Fries and they were delicious as well. The staff is super friendly, which makes any restaurant experience better. They were knowledgable and even offered suggestions of things to do besides the French Quarter. I really enjoyed this place and if we get to come back to NOLA we'd definitely come back. Perfect!Stopped for brunch, sign was out for bottomless cocktails, but resturant wouldn't honor.  I ordered crab caked Benedict ant it tasted luke salt and could not eat it.  Was still charged full price for meal, an tip was all ready added to bill.  Would not recommend.Great brunch spot! Try the Pimm's cup. Waiter (Gary) was very friendly and knowledgeable! We will definitely go back here.We had my husband's surprise birthday party there and everything was perfect. There were 10 of us and we were all drinking. The drinks were cold, quick, and flavorful. The waiter was very attentive, making sure everyone had what they needed. For appetizers we had the fried okra, sweet potato fries, and crab cakes. The crab cakes were full of fresh crab meat- not too much breading. For dinner, everyone order different items. They all arrived hot and delicious. I think the standouts were the filet and pasta Evangeline- can't go wrong with fresh shrimp. The owners Rhonda and Tony stopped by several times to make sure we were all taken care of. A perfect evening.Went here there other day on a whim. The Pimm's with Gingerale & Cucumber was an incredible summer cocktail on a hot day. 
I ordered the special of the day: Fried Green Tomatoes and Crab Meat was done just right, light and very tasty with some incredibly subtle spices.
I rounded out my meal with the Chicken Gumbo. Again, perfectly seasoned and one of the best Gumbo's I've had.
Our waiter was incredibly nice and helpful, we had a great chat and very much enjoyed the atmosphere, food, drink and recommendations. I enjoy a non-gentrified and authentic New Orleans restaurant, this fits the bill perfectly. Highly recommended and will now be one of my go-to New Orleans restaurants.The crawfish and grits are one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Perfect!
Crab cakes were very good too. 4.5/5
Jambalaya was good but not great
Beer list could use some work. Overall great spot.We weren't here long as it was a stop on our NOLA Beer Tour, but we lingered as long as we could! We sampled the red beans and rice (I inhaled it,) & a couple beers as part of the tour, and though we weren't necessarily their regular patrons, the staff was very friendly and took great care of us. We spoke to the owner who I believe said he has just taken over a few days prior. He had a lot of cool plans for the place (live bands in their future!) 
The courtyard had a great vibe! Had it not been wet outside after a rain, we probably would have stayed just to hang out there. 
My husband and I are in our 30s and while we enjoyed walking around Bourbon, many of the crowded bars there are no longer our scene. This place was perfect. Much more chill!
I also loved the art on the walls from a local NOLA artist. 
We will definitely be going back for dinner and drinks when we return to NOLA!Red beans & rice were perfect, not very spicy but flavorful and the cornbread was perfect, my husbands BLT SALAD was good, too.  I had a Pimms Cup that was Fabulous!  Will definitely come back.  Good music that didn't over power.The crawfish and Grits is AMAZINg!! Highly recommend. The pasta Evangeline is ok, good if your looking for something a bit on the blander / lighter side. Ambiance is fabulous and the service was great, can't wait to come back!My wife and I had dinner here during our honeymoon and had an incredible experience, everything from the food to the customer service.  We had okra, gator, and crawfish and grits. Although we enjoyed each dish, the fried gator was the best we've ever had. 
Looking forward to eating there again when we return.We thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant! There were actually two groups of people in our gang that went there so I'll give a lowdown on both. 
The first group said that the fried okra appetizer was excellent and plentiful. The shrimp and pasta with a wine sauce was excellent as well. Service was great! They also had a salad that they loved. 
Now for my group... we sat in the back courtyard and it was so pretty! We had a wedge type salad and it was tasty! The bacon on it was so crispy and delicious. 
Our main dishes were the pasta with shrimp and crawfish and grits. That was amazing! Both of us thought our meals were so full of flavor! Our plates were clean!
Desert was vanilla ice cream with stout, bourbon and bacon. I didn't know what to expect and quite honestly it took me a couple of bites to acquire a taste for it (as I don't like bourbon), but once I did, I very much enjoyed it!
Service was very good and I'd absolutely visit again and recommend!
Update 1/15/18: I think my friends and I enjoyed this place even more than when I first came here. The crawfish and grits dish was amazing! The fried green tomatoes were excellent! My friends had the frog legs and loved them. And the rabbit dish went over quite well too. We enjoyed VERY much the bread pudding beignets! They were awesome! My coworker said this was her favorite restaurant in NOLA yet, and we have had some pretty tasty food thus far.Grab a strawberry beer and the crawfish and grits!  Jack the bartender is amazing, makes an amazing mint Julep.  You gotta check this place out.So good! I had the crawfish and grits and my husband had the Jambalaya with Catfish. Both were excellent! We started with the fried okra and remoulade which was also wonderful. I also highly recommend the French Quarter Mule!We walked past this place many times and were intrigued by the menu and atmosphere.  Finally got in during hours when they were open, which appears to be very randomly.  The food was decent. There are so many quality restaurants in the city that you really need to be on your top A game to compete.  
The strangest thing about this place was our waiter, who was so talkative that it was off-putting.  Sometimes you are in the mood to BS with your server and sometime you're not.  It's pretty evident in either direction.  In this case, our server was overly chatty to the point of awkwardness.  We are trying to eat our food here, buddy!  As I said, food was good but the experience was a bit tainted by the non self-awareness of our server.Love this place. Try the crawfish étouffée, best I've had so far. The staff are a delight.We had our rehearsal dinner for about 110 here and I cannot recommend this place enough as a result. Rhonda and the entire staff here exceeded our expectations in every way. The guests could not stop raving about the food and the service was impeccable. Beautiful ambiance in the French Quarter as well.Was in town for my birthday, and this was one of our stops on Mr. gumpo drinking tours.
When we are back in town this has to be of the places we have re-visit. Loved the whole deco of the place. The bartenders are very friendly and make you feel welcomed which you walk in the doors.
You will have to try the Jazz Punch, it was a great drink.I love this Restaurant, for a while I was coming in every weekend to eat. Amazing food, helpful staff, great atmosphere and knowledgeable bartenders. I have had everything on the menu at least once, and to be honest there wasn't anything I didn't like.
Quick Recommendations 
-Jambalaya
-pasta EvangelineWondering around the French Quarter found this gem. Sat on the patio and had jambalaya and desert. Great from start to finish.After leaving the Naploeon House because of the awful atmosphere, we came across this place by our haunted hotel...The French Quarter Inn. Ate here on Thursday night 3/1/2012. Great, quaint place in the French Quarter area with a nice courtyard. The staff, especially Mike, was extremely pleasant and an excellent host. He gave us great recommendations. The food was delicious. We had the sausage sampler, sweet potato fries and the BBQ style shrimp and grits. I loved the shrimp and grits. If you are ever in New Orleans, check this place out.Very nice. We have had our first Cajun catfish tacos!! The best :)
And syrup cake just out of the oven... really !!This place was amazing.  Clean and beautifully decorated.  Dominic my server/bartender was amazing and helpful.  I felt like family.  Anything you need they are willing to help.  
The food was delicious.  After my great dinner, I could not eat more.  Fun room. Inviting to singles and groups.  I can't say enough how charming the entire place is.  Five star start to end.A couple of NOLA virgins walk into Evangeline. They have the best meal of their lives. Sorry for the lack of a punch-line, but I am not sorry for how obsessed I am with this place. Let's be real, all of the food in New Orleans is to die for, but this one actually made me cry of happiness. When we return, 99% of it will be for another meal (or ten) here. (The other 1% will be for Café Du Monde). We went to all the staple restaurants for NOLA first-timers (and 30th timers), and just happened upon this cozy little number. Badda bing, we're in tastebud heaven. I ordered the Creole Pulled Pork, my buddy the Catfish Creole Jambalaya. I can't speak for hers, but mine was incredibly tender and had too many flavors to recognize, and the fries as well. I am a French fry connoisseur, and these are the best I've ever had. The servers were incredibly attentive, friendly, and welcoming. It wasn't very crowded, so even if this contributed to it, I'm surprised to see any reviews of them being rude-though maybe all the others are, and we just picked the day where the nicest people on the planet work there. The courtyard was cute, and the ambience was perfect for friends, couples, families. Anyone could enjoy their time!Beautiful courtyard--ask to sit there. Absolutely fantastic food. Great crab cake appetizer. Best dish of all--the crawfish entree. Very good étouffée. Reasonable price. The one negative-the very sweet waitress had too many tables so service was slow. Not her fault--she was trying hard. We would go back for that excellent food nevertheless.Loved the food and the drink special they had. Nice atmosphere but casual dress is ok. I had the crawfish étouffée which was full of crawfish. I also recommend their fried oysters and okra appetizers. Would return on my next trip to NOLA.Ate dinner here 4/22/16, while on vacation in NOLA. Probably one of our BEST meals! Delicious food, friendly staff and the owner came by our table to talk. Highly recommend this little gem of a restaurant! Love the painting of Scarlett O'Hara on the brick wallCouldn't have asked for more.  The place was packed but my husband and I were lucky to get a spot at the bar.  The warm ambiance was lively but chill.  The food and cocktails were great!  The service was friendly and attentive.  The Jazz duet was perfect-a very talented and charming couple.  We eat out at a lot of nice places but this was our favorite dining experience.5 stars for a fun experience with a fantastic staff. When we first sat down, the owner told us that night their episode on the Food Network was airing. It was fun to later watch how ecstatic the staff was to see their 15 minutes of fame and it just gave you a great idea of what kind of people work at Evangeline. Ambiance is great as well- there's an outside courtyard and an indoor area. We opted for indoors because we are not huge fans of wind- but to each their own.
Our waiter was brutally honest but a sweetheart and we truly appreciated him. Constantly gave us water and did not try to sugarcoat or lie about anything. We skipped ordering appetizers this night but instead opted for the crawfish and grits and the seafood platter.
Wow, Evangeline does not skimp out on food portions. Both the seafood platter and grits were huge. Out of the seafood platter- the catfish was my favorite part of that meal. But really, the crawfish and grits was the winner. I would definitely recommend getting this dish, especially if it's your first time in New Orleans. A great welcome to NOLA dish that gives you a good introduction to cajun food. Needless to say, I took some home with me.
The staff, being the sweethearts they are, gave me a birthday cheesecake even though my birthday had just passed. The cheesecake was great- I enjoyed it even more so than their sundae (but that is because I do not eat bacon). The Decatur Sundae- bacon, ice cream, and beer- is great for anyone who likes a good nightcap. My friends ate it up and sipped the beer afterwards.
Overall, great time at Evangeline and I would definitely stop by again.Great atmosphere. Beautiful courtyard. Try the Jambalaya! And the Cajun Nachos. Possibly the best fried okra. Great staff and good prices. Go for the happy hour.great place in the heart of new orleans that makes you feel like you're not in the center of a major city.  Courtyard is quiet and menu is fantastic.The best crawfish and grits I've ever had. There is a reason Michael Simon thought the same. Service was great. We went on a Sunday for brunch and surprisingly it wasn't too busy. The bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas were true to their name. The house made fettuccini and shrimp was well prepared and delicious. Many recipes have been in the family here for generations. The courtyard is a great spot weather permitting. We will be back here again.We're here early for dinner and in time for happy hour. The food are amazing. We ordered the crab cake, corn bread, slider and the jambalaya. Everything come out to be good. My favorite is the crab cake. That's the must order!!!Great ambiance!! Good food but even better drinks. Don't forget to go way inthe back for the hidden courtyard.
Pros
Champagne and wine list
Owners very friendly
Good waitstaff
Good food
Great ambiance
Cons
Needs some musicHad a very enjoyable experience at Evangeline. Called ahead and made reservations and they set up two tables for us, one inside, one out, depending on where we wanted to sit. The staff was very friendly and made us feel at home. Tony was also a pleasure! It is a quiet little escape from the loud craziness of Bourbon.
The food was pretty good. We all were satisfied with our meals. I got the filet, which was delicious, my only complaint is that the mashed potatoes were cold. Others got the crawfish and grits and loved it, as well as some po boys. Everything was reasonably priced too! It was a great way to start our first night in NOLA.I tried several recommended restaurants in the the French Quarter...Evangeline was my favorite. 
The fried ochra was amazing and paired well with the Crawfish & Grits. 
Try the Sazerac...a subtle cocktail.Good food but lousy ambiance.
Positive is good NO food. Not high end but good quality.
Negative was a very unpleasant noisy place. They have tv screens and their was an Lsu game so lots of yelling from drunk viewers to the point that our ears hurt and we could not talk. Could not wait to leave. One was so drunk his chair fell over with a loud clatter.  Management did nothing about it.
Coffee was cold and bad.
Over all I will never return. Too many good options to have your night out ruined.
Note to management:  you should try to protect your patrons from a drunken yelling match.  It's a nice place, you should tak out the tvs or turn them off of people get too loud at dinner.I found this place on Yelp and picked it mainly due to the fact that it was only 0.2 miles from my location. 
We were the only people in the restaurant. The was around 7pm. The staff was very attentive and friendly. 
We sat in the courtyard which was relaxing and quiet after a long day at Jazz Fest. 
I loved the fact that a large portion of what was on the menu was local.
The food was delicious. This is one of my new favorites.After spending quite some time looking for a place to eat (and being sat and never served or even acknowledge after 20+ minutes in two other restaurants) we found this little gem! So glad that we did. Our waiter Luke was informative, friendly and overall awesome. Our food was great! We tried to crab cakes and the fried green tomato's and both were delicious. But be sure to save room for the beignet bread pudding! Highly recommend and if you are tired of rude service I would say check it out!As a NOLA visitor, I can't attest to the consistency of this great little find, but in my one off encounter, I was impressed.  We took over the place for a happy hour meet and greet as part of the convention I was attending in town.  
The set up was incredibly well suited for the event with a cozy bar and outdoor patio that was just as large as the indoor space.  The bar tenders clearly knew what they were doing and drinks were great.  They had a wonderful selection of wines by the glass.  They did a sausage sampler which was yummy and had out several other appetizers that were well received.
All in all, I'd recommend it for a gathering and some great interactions with cool owners.We stumbled upon this place walking toward Canal St from Jackson Square.  Definitely looks like a hole in the wall, but don't let the outside deceive you.  The brunch was fantastic, as was the service.  Bottomless mimosas were truly bottomless and the server almost shames you into drinking your money's worth, which is a good thing.Ate here because we kept passing it walking to & from our hotel and it looked  interesting. Made reservations for 11am but didn't need them. Very friendly service & good food. Didn't have drinks so can't speak to their bar, but it looked well-stocked and ready to serve some interesting cocktails.We wanted to check this place out because our daughter's middle name is Evangeline and after walking by it a few times and seeing the menu, we wanted to check it out. It's a bit more casual than I expected, but nonetheless, a nice place. We've been eating all day, but we still managed to fit in appetizers, so we got the fried oysters, it was good and something I can eat everyday.
For entree, I went with the cajun crawfish etoufee and my husband got the Acadia crawfish and grits. My kids shared the red beans and rice with andouille sausage. I ate all of my food up, but i ended up having to help my kids with theirs and so I ended up eating a lot here. 
We decided to go for dessert at another place, but this is a nice little stop for dinner.We loved Evangeline, my co worker is related to the owner so we have gone every time we come to NOLA, we always bring a large group of new people to this restaurant.  The fried oysters are best in town easily.  Last night we were greeted as soon as we arrived and we were told "a 30 minute wait" for 11 people and placed on a list.  Then we didn't see the hostess for the next 30 minutes.  Time passed as we watched multiple couples sit themselves since the hostess was no where to be found, the staff knew these couples  skipped the host (because I asked if they knew and was told yes) and still served them regardless while we continued to wait.  15 more minutes passed and then the hostess told us "we are closing the kitchen" (9pm and close time is 10:30).  And there were plenty of open tables at the time to accommodate 11 guests.  So ultimately food may be some of the best in NOLA, but I hope the service improves.  Granted it was a night with a parade in front of them so it may have been extremely busy early on, but the whole time we waited there were plenty of empty tables and when we arrived we were told we were going to get a table.Excellenr food. I  had the catfish with shrimp and grits. Very good!More of a bar than a restaurant. Food was OK. Service was meh. Crab cake appetizer is pictured- pretty good.Evangeline's was the perfect spot for dinner! I made a reservation for a bachelorette party of 8 and they made it a great experience! They had "girls night" necklaces waiting for us on each place setting, which really made it feel special. Our waiter was stellar and food and drinks were delicious! A lot of price points too, which is great for a big group with all different budgets. I also enjoyed that is wasn't a huge restaurant, so it's a more intimate and special dining experience.What a fantastic evening! The food was amazing and the staff was even better! We came for my husband's bday and they made it incredible! We will be back for sureAte here a few nights ago after checking the reviews.  Service was great and the food very tasty.   The portions were good and flavor was spot on.   The praline pie with ice cream was a good way to finish the meal. Definitely worth coming back again.Stopped here the first night for dinner. Ordered gator bites and crawling etouffee. Gator bites were pretty good, crispy, and tasted like chicken. Crawfish etouffee was not good at all, dry and lack flavor. Knowing it's one or the most popular dishes in NOLA and had nothing to compare it to, but my fiance and I have seen plenty of pictures from other restaurants. Food was not memorable, but the courtyard was! The decor and vibe in the courtyard brings out the energy of NOLA. Food prices are 11-$15.My wife and I stopped in on whim while walking around by the river.  I was looking for some jambalaya and they had it in the menu. After being seated in the courtyard area, we ordered a couple rum punches. They where absolutely delicious....so much we had another. For lunch I ordered the chicken jambalaya, extra spicy. They totally accommodated that request!!!  It was tasty and enjoyable. My wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries.  She enjoyed the taste, but it was so soggy she had to eat it with a knife and fork. Our servicer Daniel was fantastic and the overall experience was enjoyable. 
Don't forget to order the rum punch!!!!!Mostly good.  You can tell this is a pretty tight ship, except that the map yanks your chain to come before a supposed 11pm closing time, only to find that they close perhaps a couple minutes before 10:30pm (sketchy).  Excellent burger on first visit, and good Mississippi craft beer (among others).  Owners are on site and they seem to set the example for wha seems to be a sharp crew.  Prices are reasonable given the location (where too-low prices can be a bad sign; and too high being the norm for an area that tends to under-deliver on quantity and quality, sorry New Orleans cuisine has generally been a big disappointment, and seems to be better in other states!).  The tip suggestions on the receipt are a telling detail:  they properly begin at 15 percent (not higher), and are properly calculated on the subtotal.  I was going to bring others from the conference once I got there last night, but the closing early thing sent us elsewhere.  I thought of going there now on my way to the airport, having time and money to burn, but I'm sorry to say that I will go to a reliable McDonald's where you can at least get satisfying portions (and I don't even eat that much in one sitting: but stuff lie shrimp po boys are a disappointment at at least a couple places, being mostly air).The food was well prepared and very taste. Everyone in my group found the apps and entries to be some of the we've had in New Orleans 
Great evening!Such a beautiful patio and such courteous wait staff! Truly a hidden gem. I loved the sausage and catfish jambalaya (spicy!) and my boyfriend raved about his cajun style pulled pork sandwich. Definitely sit in the back patio area. It was peaceful and surprisingly quiet among the hustle and bustle of the city. We loved the wait staff--perhaps the best we've ever experienced!Came in at 830pm for a reservation for my friends bachelore party. The server was not the problem. The only problem was the two hour wait for our food. Our party was a party of seven and did not order anything out of the ordinary. Just ordered what was on the menu. The sever was calm and collective and brought us the right drinks. It was not his fault. When they finally brought out my food 230 hours later they brought me the cat fish instead of the aligator sandwich. Come on guys, almost three hours for you guys to not know what the fuck you're doing! Don't come here l. Nothing special, server was not the problem. The problem is the establishment.Great Cajun food at reasonable prices! The service was quick and they were packed! Good place to bring the whole family and get a good meal without breaking the bank It's loud but that's part of its charm! A must during your visitWe came in for an early dinner and the server was good but it felt like every time she came out to check on us it was really more of an afterthought. We ordered the three sausage mix for an appetizer and it was fabulous. They were grilled to perfection and a nice mix of gator, boudin and andouille. The bacon wrapped shrimp were also very good but the rice they were served on was very bland and a bit dry. The crawfish and grits were good but there was too much of the rich creamy sauce and it overpowered the tiny portion of grits. Also there was no bread. We would have ordered it if possible, so much rich creamy and savory food without the French bread for balance left is feeling a bit deprived.The patio is wonderful.  It's set back off the street; a very peaceful place to have a meal.  The service was good as well.  However, the food was just alright - a nicely done sausage sampler was followed by an underwhelming crawfish and grits dish (with a sauce which was mostly cream), as well as an average shrimp in white wine sauce pasta.  The prices were fair; the food was just not particularly inspiring. Given the opportunity, I'll try Evangeline again, as the setting and service were four-star review worthy.Unlimited Bloody Mary's or Mimosas before 1pm on Sunday! I had the Bloody Mary. YUM! The crab cakes and poached eggs were incredibly rich but good! Hubby had chicken and biscuits. He loved it, a lot food for the price. Great place to cure the Sunday morning morning hangover from the Saturday night Bourbon St shenanigans! Gave it four stars because the service was a little slow, and gave my husband the wrong order.I love the fried oysters and the fried okra appetizers. That combo is my favorite meal to go with a great selection of draft beer from the knowledgeable beer loving bartender.