Lobster poboy is all I will say !!! Best hands down !!! So delicious and the ice cream is great as wellFried lobster po'boy is amazing!! Sampled the ice cream it was really yumm. Next time for dessertExcellent meatball sub and Lobster Po-boy! The meatball was on a soft delicious bread with an tasty marinara covering everything. Great neighborhood shop with shop made premium ice cream and espresso. 
Worth the trip to this neighborhood joint!This was one my group of friends favorite places when we came to town. My friends and I found this place randomly walking around looking for food. The fried lobster po boy was SO good we decided to stop by again before we drove back to Ohio. The dude working there was awesome too. Friendly and gave us some great recommendations for things to do. Definitely try this place.Stopped in on a Saturday for breakfast.
Place was new and the owner was super engaged and quite charming. Despite the fact that it was breakfast, he forced us to try his (excellent) ice cream.
Main issue was that a party of 6 came in after us and they struggled to deal with the various orders, so things ended up taking forever. And the second party got their food before us. Which was unhappy.
Wild Boar Sloppy Joe: big burger w spiced, well flavored meat - interesting treat for breakfast
Bacon, Egg, Cheese: on hamburger bun, solid
Fries: thick cut, tasty
Ice cream: not super sugary, mint was real mint - quite good.I am very happy I found this place. I was just walking by and wanted some coffee and happened to walk in. I got a cappuccino, and I'm no expert, but damn if it wasn't a fantastic cappuccino. The owner walked me through his philosophy behind the place - great sandwiches, homemade ice cream, and then great coffee because why not - and I was sold. Can't wait to come back for ice cream and/or sandiches. Especially the sandwiches - lobster poboy, things involving lamb belly, wild boar, etc.
Not so sure about the negative reviews. They are the exact opposite of my experience, but I will update when I've had the chance to try the other stuff.Wow.  This place is a gem.  Highly recommended for a snack.    Great atmosphere and vibes!Such a cool place, great people. The single origin niccaruguan coffee with a dollop of their Irish coffee ice cream made my day. Food was excellent.Amazing food! And the fresh juice is to die for! Highly recommend the greek wrap. Located on magazine shreet with the coolest exterior of a funky rug in front.
Staff are lovely and very helpfulMy wife and I stopped in New Orleans on a road trip on our way to North Carolina. We spent 2 days there and ended up eating a meal here both days. Best Lobster Po Boys we've ever had. The second day I had the wild boar sloppy joe, it was also excellent. (But you really gotta try that lobster po boy first!) This is our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The guy working was helpful and recommended a beer to go with our food. (Really good pairing too!)This place is named appropriately. The breakfast food is really freakin good. Quality coffee, awesome service, and their sipping chocolate is not for the amateur chocolatier! You need to go here. Now.Finally got my opportunity to eat here.    Great Experience.   Lobster poboy was fabulous, and the Lamb belly gyro?   Genius.    Sampled the wonderful gelato behind the counter too.   these guys do french fries fresh, and have malt vinegar as well .    
Had great conversation with the owner and his cousin.   I highly recommend this place.  I will be back to try some of the breakfast options.
by the way, fresh squeezed juices.    A must.Great place for ice cream, smoothies, juices, sandwiches and coffee! A place where everyone is happy. Very mice interior with lots of personality. Ice cream is homemade and definitely tastes like it! Interesting flavor selection that was all good! Definitely will return!Loved this place!  Everyone loved their food and I adored my lush juice.  Music, ambiance, and staff all give a great vibe.  Wish this was in Nashville so I could visit more often.Absolutely love this place! Twice I've had breakfast sandwiches, they come with fresh potato thick cut fries. I've also had ice cream a couple times, they let you sample. Everything is high quality at reasonable prices, and the entire staff is very friendly. Very clean establishment. Also great music. Go here!The hidden gem in NOLA. Great food, all made here. The ice cream is something special and should be experienced!I tried this place this morning. The Lush Juice and the Bac N Egg N Ched was awesome!!! Customer service was on point. The establishment was clean and sleek. I will definitely visit again. Air condition was a nice bonus, lol.Delicious!  We ordered the Lobster po' boy to split and it was delicious!  The best po' boy we have had in the 2 weeks we were here and I sure did try a lot of different places!  The owner Dan was really nice and friendly, offering recommendations of other things to do and try next time we come back since unfortunately we found this hidden gem on our last day in town.Met Daniel the owner.  So nice.  He and his cousin made all of the food, the ice cream, everything in the shop by hand.  It's so good!
And what an inviting space.  Daniel interacted with us and invited us to stay and hang out, to cool down from the crazy humidity outside.  I'd totally become a regular at this place if I lived here!Such a cute place with really kinda creative flavors. 
Really wanted a banana split, but they were out of bananas! So...
Olive oily pistachio - I expected this to be creamy. It wasn't. It was actually kinda powdery/icy. They do add a lot of pistachios, don't know if that was a plus or not. 
Some pink sorbet (sorry, the name is escaping me) - it was good. Not great. 
Chocolate peanut butter bomb - okay. This sure was a bomb. Bc I got an entire scoop of hardened peanut butter. They must not mix their ice cream very well. The flavor reminded me exactly of Häagen Dazs' ice cream flavor called chocolate peanut butter. Hm...
I will still come back to try their breakfast and other things!Ordered a burger from here off of a delivery app. Hand cut fries were decent, needed some salt. Burger itself consisted of bland patties, cheese, onion, pickles and one (maybe two?) sauce. The bun was decent, the burger was large but it just wasn't great. I kept trying to take another bite in hopes of the burger getting better, but it wasn't. The onion was in a pile in the middle with the sauce, not put together very well. Maybe it needed something more? 
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing off the menu, I'm not sure, the lobster po boy looked really good as well as the ice cream selections. I would probably try this place a second time.This is def a hidden gem on LGD.  Their philly and ice cream is awesome!
They also have hand cut fries coffee and breakfast.I was rooting for this place. We really wanted it here, and we were so excited about the "guess our name" posters (although I was grossly disappointed when the name was revealed), and eagerly anticipated the opening.
We started by trying the ice cream the first time. It was ok, but as a pastry chef I found that the ice cream flavor options were so creative that it made me really want to like this place!! I stopped by two or three weeks ago and got an ice cream cone that was stale. I ended up breaking off the cone around my ice cream and throwing it away. And I couldn't really taste much flavor in the ice cream I ordered (it was some sort of spicy vanilla that wasn't exactly spicy and I couldn't taste the vanilla). My date's ice cream was rather devoid of flavor, too.
I've had coffee here twice now, and today was the last straw. The first time I came in for coffee I also ordered a breakfast sandwich which was a huge disappointment. Not that it tasted bad (it was ok) but it looked like it was slapped together in a rush, which it was not done in a rush because I was the only customer there and I still waited FOREVER. Also the coffee was not good, but I gave it another shot today... that was a mistake.
Today I ordered an iced coffee with almond milk. Now in my time as a pastry chef I have also had some training on espresso machines and I at least know that you do not steam milk to pour on top of ice for an iced coffee. Furthermore this dude only filled the cup about 2/3 of the way with a mixture that consisted of a hot espresso shot on top of ice and steamed milk poured on top. Which of course melted my ice. And for the record, he did not give me almond milk. I have a lactose sensitivity (don't worry, I took pills for my prior ice cream tastings) which is why I ordered almond milk. However, I hate the taste of almond milk once it is steamed because it develops a flavor that to me basically tastes like a wooden popsicle stick, and even though he steamed my milk it did not have that wooden flavor that I always detect in steamed almond milk (also I checked my receipt after that and realized that he didn't charge me for almond milk either). It's a good thing that I only took two sips of the melted ice and steamed milk concoction before I threw it away, otherwise I could have gotten really sick.
Also, why is everyone who works there so miserable? There's a guy there who I thought was maybe a manager and he's always scowling and has headphones in, even when he's begrudgingly assisting customers. When we went to get ice cream a few weeks ago, the one guy behind the counter was friendly but didn't know the answers to some of our questions so he asked this angry guy to help us out and he barely answered our questions and kept his earbuds in the whole time. Furthermore the guy today was someone I had not encountered before and he was tolerable but when he rang me up for coffee this morning he didn't even bother telling me the total of my transaction, he just held his hand out for my payment. As I was discussing this with my boyfriend this morning (ok, more like I was ranting about it) he mentioned that it didn't seem as if anyone who works there takes pride in their business, and I agree. I understand the growing pains of opening a new restaurant, but what I've witnessed seems more like a death rattle to me.
(I do want to mention that I greatly appreciate the Halloween decorations here. Holiday decorating is something I'm really into, and I like the fact that FBP went all out and decorated. I just wish they would start putting that kind of effort into their service and their flavors because as I mentioned at the beginning, I REALLY wanted this place here in the neighborhood.)So excited to have an ice cream spot in the neighborhood. Too bad the place won't last through the summer. Mostly design & conceptual errors that are dooming this spot, because we never encountered the attitude issues that so many reviewers mentioned. And the ice cream is quite yummy.
Most people don't know is place is even here...all you see from the street ( driving by-- this is not a high-foot-traffic area) are some colored lights, no sign ...although with that name , I probably wouldn't want to stop in anyway. Yes there are colorful sidewalk rugs...whatever. 
Walk in, and there are tons of empty shelves on one side, sadly empty shelves.  Have not tried the food, but the times I've been in there, the griddle doesn't look very clean, so I'm not inclined to do so. I wouldn't buy coffee there...I like a coffee shop to smell like...coffee! THere's nothing on the shelves except some lonely bottles of green soda, oddly varied Italian condiments, some boxes of supplies and an overpriced ice cream scoop. Really, really sad and empty...no love .
There's nothing tempting, welcoming or inviting about this place visually. It's a shame, really, because it could work with just a few adjustments. Perhaps if they hired a passionate young chef to whip this place back to life, it might yet live.
In the end, a place that wants to be a wine store, a coffee shop, a sandwich spot, a juice bar and an ice cream place just ends up being an empty white box.Great people work here. Crazy variety of food - we had ice cream and coffee and a fried lobster po boy which was definitely the best po boy I've had in nola. Love the placeI've been here twice already. I am a big fan of their ice cream flavors (buttermilk salted lime for the win!). The chef is very nice and the daily special I had was very tasty: wild boar sloppy joe with hand-cut French fries!I'm so thrilled to have this place in the neighborhood. Coffee is great and the Zulu ice cream is my new favorite thing!Great location in lower garden district offering
-Home made Ice cream (truly amazing, I had the the 3 scoop shake...so so good)
- My wife ordered the Special of the day...sloppy joe sandwich), excellent.
- I ordered the pantry cheeseburger, it did not live up to expectations. The bun, the fries, the veggies were good However the beef double stack tasted like out of a frozen pack and had an unusual taste.  The burger was not good!
From all the reviews I read, it seems all other food is great except the Burger...some-work needed there!Delicious food, clean enviroment. Nice people! I recommend you come here for a nice snack or beer. Had the breakfast burrito, it was delicious. A juice is a must, especially for a hangover.Didn't order any food here, just their drink. It was homemade and refreshing on a warm day. The people there were really nice and friendly as we were out of town tourists, they definitely took their time to chat and suggest where to explore.Extremely friendly staff and amazing food! Philly cheesesteak and fried lobster po boy were fantastic. Also the home made ice cream was delicious.Checked this spot out today and loved it. They only opened a few days ago, but their set up is great and the staff was super friendly. Got a smoothie and it was good, but definitely want to go back and try out the rest of the menu.Delicious food, beautiful handmade wooden log stools, and a friendly krewe behind the counter! Great brunch sceneI live about 2 blocks away on Magazine and always pass by this place but never had a chance to stop in. I regret not going sooner! The entire place itself is as aesthetically pleasing as it gets, and food satisfied every ounce of gustatory need. Dan, the owner, was extremely friendly and gave a little back story on the place. Fat Boy Pantry is definitely my new favorite everything spot. 
Ask for ice cream samples and grab some juice to wash down one of their Chicago Style twists on a New Orleans PoBoy!Excellent homemade ice cream and shakes. Will be back many times! It is a clean, friendly place designed to encourage people to chat with other diners. Easy walk from the WW II museum.New spot they opened on magazine street. Liked the ambiance of the place. They have 10 or so different flavors of ice cream. I sampled a few of the yummy flavors before making my mind up. I ended up getting the strawberry ice cream which was really good! Most of all it wasn't too expensive, will be back!This place is amazing. I live nearby and go here at least once a week.
The ice cream is great and they have a ton of flavors, but the best part is the cheese steak, by far the best in the city. I've also had their lobster po-boy and their burger, both are unbelievable.Ok, wanted to stop withe family because the decor looked cool and it was a little off the radar in the LGD. Wife had lobster poboy. It was good. Boy 2 had the meatball Parmesan which was very good. Boy 1 had the cheeseburger and didn't have the aioli on it. Ok thought, but I have to say this may have been the best burger I have had in town. I may even utter some very sacrilegious words, better than company burger. Cheese was steamed in and this burger was just killer. Nice folks working behind the counter as well.It's kind of a deli/ice cream place, and I went for the latter. I was a bit baffled to discover that they only had two flavors for sale; they claimed more were coming on Monday, but I would think that summer weekends would have been their prime time and I expected more. Besides ice cream, their menu didn't hold much intrigue for me.
But the blueberry ice cream they did have was legit. I was happy to have gotten it in shake form; the only drawback being the blueberry skins kept getting stuck in the straw. There were plenty of berries in it, is what that shows. I wasn't inspired to forgo any of my usual dessert haunts, but I can imagine that when their freezer is full, there is some good stuff in it.I would have given Fat Boy Pantry a 5 star rating because the food was excellent and the service was up to par but I do have two critics.  (1) Don't get me wrong the lobster po'boy was exceptional BUT I do believe the lobster can be fried a little longer to give it a crisper texture.  (2) I got the ice cream sandwich.  I like ice cream sandwiches where the ice cream is dripping from all sides this was not the case.  I had little ice cream on BREAD (not sweet bread but the same bread they put on their breakfast sandwiches).  I know this because it is the same bread my niece had with her sandwich.  If I could make a suggestion, I would have wafer cookies or some type of cookie for the ice cream sandwich and for the love of ice cream add MORE.  ThanksYum! Great delivery experience. Fried Lobster Po Boy- delicious! My roommate had the breakfast pita and loved it. The king cake ice cream sandwich for dessert was perfect. Food arrived hot and ten minutes early!Lobster roll was amazing smaller than the picture skinny bread roll but it filled me up I had some for later this is a must tryI came in with a group for ICE CREAM! :)
They had some really unique flavors and they let you taste them with a silver spoon! I really enjoyed the Pine nuts and honey ice cream so I went  with that flavor to go! It's a cute shop that is easy to get to via walking the streets. We were walking from Magazine street back to the quarter area when we spotted it on the side of the road. 
I would def come back again to see what original flavors they have next time!We just happened to run into this place on our trip to New Orleans. At first we had tried a more "popular" breakfast spot just down the road. The wait was too long so we walked away. Walking down the street we peered in and saw the 2 owners who invited us in to give it a try. Sooooo glad we did. They have a cool selection of unique breakfast and lunch foods. Fresh blended juices to wash it down with, or their unique coffee drinks, or even a beer. Then to top it all off you can have some delicious home-made ice cream. 
I had the Benedict Eggwich, on multiple visits. An affogato, ice cream with a shot of espresso, was the perfect compliment. We loved this place and came back multiple times in our trip to New Orleans. Great food, friendly, cool environment. If you're in New Orleans, skip the long lines and come to this hidden gem.I ended up here, starving and hangry, after a nearby brunch place had an hour wait. The man behind the counter recommended a burger and beer and who can turn that down?? The food was served fresh and fast (which at the time was an actual dream). I would totally go back anytime... although the man who worked there did hit on my friend and me as we were leaving which was a little odd but maybe it was southern hospitality?You will never forget the name and you will never forget the moment you first bit into the fried lobster sandwich .These fine folks have singlehandedly revolutionized the Nola style sandwich shop experience overnight . Off the chart freshly prepared breakfast and lunch , and I mean tasty . They serve gourmet coffee and homemade Italian ice cream and cones . That's not all folks , specialty smoothies that range from healthy to indulgent .Fat Boy is a breath of fresh air in the humid sandwich shop climate of Nola . You won't for-geta-bout-it ;). MarkThe fried lobster poboy was really good. It's the only thing I've ordered here. When I go to order something else I think how good the lobster poboy was and order it again so my review is kind of limited.If I lived in New Orleans I would come here all the time. As it was, we came here twice over our 3 day trip. The breakfast sandwiches were tasty, the guys who work here were great, and the coffee was good too. I had the bac n egg n ched the first day which was made with thick slab bacon and was really satisfying. The next time I had the benedict eggwhich... so good, I would come back again and again for this. They gave us samples of ice cream both times we came- the mint ice cream I had was made with fresh mint leaves and was light and delicious. Had the eye opener coffee, made with chicory and condensed milk- also awesome. Also loved that this was away from the crowded tourist trap areas of New Orleans. Definitely worth checking out!Been there a few times. Love the drinks and customer service is always good. Five stars in my book.Beautiful shop.  Got the Breakfast Pita.  Absolutely delicious, big portion.  If grease turns you off, maybe not your thing.  But I ate mine with a fork and loved every bite.Walked in here on a whim while strolling through New Orleans and was so glad I did. My husband and I tried their ice cream. At the time they had a candy corn flavor. I don't like candy corn at all but the ice cream blew me away. A cute gem of a place!Stopped in on the way back to our hotel at The Green House Inn and grabbed some ice cream. I tried the brownie toffee ice cream and it was delicious! But I was in the mood for something a little more lighter so I went with the milk and cream flavor. It was awesome! It wasn't vanilla, it was more like a like milky dessert. I loved it!Got the philly with cheese wizz.   Was really good.   Comes with fries for $10.    Building is really cool and super clean.   They also have a nice coffee and ice cream selection.    For your drink they have a cooler stocked with all kinds of different sodas from all over the place.   Def worth checking it out.Had the UzInPhilly sandwich with fries. Knockout! The peppers and the cheesewiz and rib eye were on point! Go to courtyard brewery for a beer than roll over to fat boys for a weckThis place has delicious food!  The lobster sandwich was incredibly flavorful. The Greek pita and the breakfast pitas were excellent.  Also make sure you have their home made ice cream because it's over the top amazing and  the best ice cream we've ever had.Really good lobster poboy. Juices are good too. Love key place...didn't try the ice cream or floats but alot of people were in line for them.We ordered food for delivery. Although the food was over-priced, it was DELICIOUS! They completely missed one of our meals for the delivery so I had to call - but it was back at our door step very promptly and steaming hot! I would recommend this place for the yummy food - but again, it was a bit overpriced in my opinion.Breakfast sandwich Benedict eggwich filling, love the handcut fries. They need more kitchen help as their business grows.Delicious all the way around! I had the lamb and egg pita and was blown away by it. Delicious fresh iced tea. Cool and eclectic. Great place for locals and visitors. Will recommend this place to all!!Most delicious food hands down. The lobster poboy is to die for with huge chunks of meat. Service was
 excellent  and pressed juice was amazing.Delicious!!!
My friend, hubby and I were told by one of the locals to check this place out!
AMAZING. The guys all warmly welcomed us in, kindly insisting to sample all of their scratch-made ice creams - all scrumptious!
The Fried Lobster Poboy was the best I poboy that I had during my short stay.
Thank you, Fat Boy Pantry!!!The fried lobster poboy was delicious... a must try! Sampled the lemon cookie ice cream ... would have bought some but had to catch an uber.Oink..ate my first meal in NO at Fat Boy.  Lobster poboy with fries and a local beer. It was near my AirBnb but also an easy walk if you're in the convention center area.    Big chunks of fried lobster on a  toasty roll put me right into a pleasant carb coma. 
 I was the only customer so the guy working took the time to tell me all about the food and let me sample all the ice cream flavors.  Had to stumble back and nap afterwards...but with a smile on my face.Ok, I'm legit in love with so much about this place. Our first visit was around 8:30pm on a Sunday. So thrilled it's open till 10! We walked in and the man working must be either the person behind the recipes or an owner. He was enthusiastically offering us samples and talking with us about all of them. I'm sure we tried almost every single flavor and it made it difficult to chose, except I fell madly in love with the basil ice cream. I mean, it's like a sweet pesto. Most of their flavors I feel have a lower sugar content than most hand made ice cream places. I really appreciate not having it be sickeningly sweet! We opted for two scoops and made it a sundae! The watermelon sorbet went well with the basil and I was shocked at how it was complimented with caramel sauce! I literally came from the airport a week later just for basil ice cream. After investigating the food menu, I was floored by the lobster PoBoys and had to experience it. It was heaven. Cooked perfectly, just the right amount of remoulade, undressed. I would have loved extra butter to dip but the bread and lobster was soaked with drawn butter and a lemon was provided. It's my favorite thing now. They won't get rid of me! This place is the bomb! Oh, and they have an incredible bottles soda collection. I had never seen dark cream soda. It's delicious and rich.The coffee was great and the homemade ice cream was amazing. The owner was friendly and gave us many local tips. Can't wait to try their breakfast tomorrow!We were looking for some great sandwiches when we first arrived and Fat Boy fit the bill. The sandwiches are a nice size for the money and they come with an ample amount of hand cut fries. Yum!  I had the lobster po boy that the cashier recommended. It was delish. I would definitely return.Visiting from out of town and got stuck in a downpour. Stopped in for a quick lunch, and couldn't have been happier! We had the meatball sandwich and the "U'z in Philly." Both were delicious and came with the most scrumptious fries. On a whim we decided to try a scoop of the "lemon cookie" ice cream (it was still raining). Probably the best lemon ice cream I've ever had, so we shared a second scoop. Check this place out if you find yourself in the South Garden District -- whether it's raining or not!Excellent Lobster Poboy! Great beer selection, as well as, ice cream and coffee options.Love this little place down the street from my girlfriend's apartment. You can't miss it if you're looking out for the eccentric pickup truck parked out front with the place's name painted on it. We've been there a few times, but most recently to get breakfast before heading out to the Saints-Panthers playoff game. We got some caffeinated concoction that was a mix of cold brew, a shot of espresso, and sweetened with condensed milk. It was delicious. I went with the bacon/egg/cheddar sandwich, which comes with "smashbrowns."  The smashbrowns are sliced potatoes that are fried, but a little thicker than chips. The chef told us after we ate that they are perfect for actually adding onto the sandwich, a good tip that I'll need to try next time. The sandwich came with thick, slab cut bacon. It comes on a regular hamburger bun, wish they had other options, such as a crossaint. The stuff they sell is pretty greasy, but I think it's totally part of the experience of eating at Fat Boy Pantry: sitting down at the bench seating with grease slowly working it's way down to your elbows. They also have about a dozen flavors of ice cream, all unique that I haven't seen anywhere else. The most impressive thing to me is how the owner/manager is so friendly. He likes to have small talk with all the customers. He talked with us a few minutes about where we were heading after and about the game. Great little place on Magazine St.I'm not sure why it took me so long to discover this gem on Magazine Street, but I am glad I did. The Fried Lobster PoBoy is legendary and will change your life for the better.OMG! The BEST breakfast in New Orleans! Amazing Bac N Egg N Ched sandwich with delicious potatoes and an expertly made latte. Danny, the owner has put together a great neighborhood spot with delicious, wholly satisfying food. Try it!Two words: lobster poboy. It's on the pricier side, but worth it. My favorite outside of that is the breakfast pita with lamb and harissa. Paired with the smashbrowns, you'll be instantly full.Lobster Poboys are Amazing! The place is really cool looking with great seating options for dining in but I get it to go every time. Service is always super fast!We got the lobster po'boy and it was to die for!  Super chill vibe.  The wait was a little long but definitely worth it!  The po'boy comes with fries and were amazing as well!Ever since tasting the pantry cheeseburger, with a pressed patty for an evenly cooked and perfect meat to cheese ratio, I've been smitten. I was originally going to get a turkey sandwich from French truck coffee, but all they had was the caprese sandwich. I'm not a rabbit and I  needed some old fashioned American meats to fix my midday cravings. When I first walked in I was merely humoring the cheeseburger, while the U'z in Philly cheesesteak sandwich and the wild boar sloppy joe were truly peaking my interests. Then I read the description in the menu underneath each item. There's a sinisterly delicious black garlic aioli applied to the pantry cheeseburger. My recent Hulu binge of Bob's Burgers left me craving to try the animated characters "Bet it all on black garlic" burger. That's a lie, I've been trying to find black garlic to make this cosmically scarce aioli for years since the season 5 episode aired in 2014. I saw the opportunity in front of me and leapt at it. This was the hands down best cheeseburger I've had in this city. There's nothing fancy about it, just meat, cheese, a greasy bun, and pickles on the side. But that black garlic aioli puts it in a stratosphere all it's own. Since returning I've gotten the Philly and again the meat and cheese portions are perfect. But if you have that all-American craving for a delicious milkshake with the perfect cheeseburger, then you need to come to fat boy.You don't need to have an expensive breakfast in New Orleans this place is affordable and delicious. Outstanding breakfast sandwiches and very friendly staff. Will go back again.Fat Boy Pantry is okay. The ice cream flavors are constantly changing. If you get the chance to try the plantain pudding, try it!
I have tried a couple sandwiches and they were okay. I haven't came back for food items, but stopped in for ice cream a few times.
My biggest gripe with Fat Boy Pantry is that their ice cream case isn't always stocked. Some days you come in and there's plenty of flavors to choose from, then other days the options are limited to maybe 4.Okay, this place is a gem. This freaking lobster poboy was so much more than I had imagined. Get it. I know you're on a diet, but just get it. Also they have a super fancy espresso machine and you can taste the quality in the drink. I ordered a cappuccino and it was so smooth and enjoyable. I will be back.How do you say "yummy"?
Coffee, fresh squeezed juice, fresh egg sandwich on a soft toasty roll, with a side of perfectly crisp potato slices.
Yep, it was that good!Excellent, delicious, fun sandwiches and natural-cut fries. Staff was fun and inviting. Space was clean, comfortable, and well-decorated. Can't say enough!