There's always lots of big white dudes hanging out here, and everyone I know knows someone else who got into a fight here.  Too much testosterone and yellow beer.  Stay away.I'm pretty fond of this place. I haven't been here recently, but I used to come here all the time. Mostly for the pool tables. I am good friends with one of the bartenders and have made friends with the rest of them. 
Cool place to chill and catch a few basketball and football games. I'm pretty sure they have a happy hour.
Just beware during Mardi Gras season. I couldn't even get in the door during MG this year. The streets were obviously really dirty since the parades pass by right in front, so there were shards of broken beer bottle glass everywhere. There was a cover, which is understandable. 
I'm a fan. I'd come here anytime.Fat Harry's is a very average bar in a good location especially during Mardi Gras. The food is typical bar grub, nothing great or terrible.Great place to catch those away Saints games or some Monday night football! I think Monday night they have wings and pitchers for $5. Pretty sweet deal! 
They have some really awesome burgers and fries! Much better than other nautical themed hamburger joints! Order the Jazz burger, its a combo of beef and spicy sausage with some BBQ sauce! Its amazing. They also have a really good Philly Cheese Steak. Grab a beer, burger and watch some football! 
Also, a great place to start a Sunday morning with a delicious Bloody Marry! They are very good here! Almost as good as the ones that I make!Just made a little stop here to have a drink while walking around in the Garden District. We didn't realize when we walked in and sat at the table that there was no wait staff. There were two girls working behind the bar both of which made eye contact with us and never said anything about having to order at the bar. So just know if you go here they didn't have waitstaff. When I went up to the bar to order however and the bartender was very attentive and very nice. We ordered a couple appetizers and they were about what you would expect from bar food. Nothing excellent but not terrible either. So if you're just looking for a place to stop and hang out and have a drink maybe a little bit of food not a bad place to stop.Friendly staff, good vibes, enough TVs to watch everything you need. Oh and really good wings!OMG...  almost walked past this place, but asked a question to the lady outside.  She was so friendly & helpful & turned out to not only be a great bartender, but an AMAZING bartender.  Elisabeth is the person you want to meet!!  I could go on & on & on... but you will make your own opinion (& it will be like mine).  Go see Elisabeth @ Fat Harry's!Fat Harry's is one of my favorite places to grab a drink and food with friends for any occasion! The location is perfect as it makes it close to almost everything. The service is superb and they have an incredible beer selection and a pretty awesome bar menu. The option to sit inside or outside is always a favorite of mine as well as the spaciousness of the venue. There are also enough tv's to make sure you catch all the games.We came here to watch the Cubs championship game after a nearby bar filled up. We were able to find seats and a table, and the bar was busy but not uncomfortably packed. We had to order drinks and food at the bar- there were no waiters/waitresses- and the bartenders seemed a bit overwhelmed. It would often take us several minutes to order and get a drink, even with an open tab. We ordered food- fried pickles, a corn dog, mozzarella sticks, that sort of food- and it seriously took forever to get to us. It looked like there were just 2 guys back in the kitchen, and they were pushing out food pretty slowly. But the food was tasty once we got it. But the beer and food was affordable, the crowd was somewhat douchey but somehow still friendly (although maybe that was a product of a shared love of the Cubs), and they had a big screen TV for us to watch the game on in the back room. There was also a pool table and a shuffleboard table that nobody was using. Overall, nothing life changing, but I'm glad we found this place to watch the game at!I'm giving 4 stars because of the service and friendliness of the staff. The food was 3 star worthy.. not bad, but not great. Pretty typical bar food.Perfectly adequate dive bar uptown.  Tap beer selection leaves something to be desired. Food will hit the spot but nothing to write home about.  Best redeeming factor is the outdoor seating which, on a nice day is all you can ask for.  In sum, wouldn't go out of my way to visit but if I found myself out front, would probably sit down and have a drink.I love Fat Harry's- very accessible bar on St. Charles. It's slightly dive-y, and definitely has a college bar feel. I've only had drinks there (and by "drinks" I mean "the cheapest pitcher they have"), but the environment is great if you just want to hang out with friends. I love that they're a non-smoking establishment, and they have a back room with a big screen TV and Tiger Vision for all you die-hard LSU fans out there stuck without a ticket to the game.
It's not a 5 star rating because the bathrooms are cramped at best. It's nice that there's more than one stall, but I'm surprised there haven't been more concussions in there from the door swinging open too quickly.I was definitely the minority there that night and had a tough time getting in. But no worries, I still had fun hangin' out with the classmates. The place is pretty spacious. There were pool tables in the back. The bathroom was sooooo tiny. Prices were ok. Don't ask for a double shot of something though because they charge the hell out of you. Bartenders were busy but they went around in an orderly manner.Nice bar staff is really cool peeps. The Cajun burger is good but don't get it on the onion bread! The baked potato was kind of hard but once broken up its was good with the toppings. I want to go on a Monday because they have a wing special and I love wings.Fat Harry's is a great place to go on an off night.  I used to love getting pitchers of beer and playing card games with my friends for hours.  But if you aren't into the greek scene don't go here late on the weekends.  The food here is also pretty good.Always a great night.  I love the sitting out and people watching on a saturday afternoon.   Pretty crowded at night, but a great crowd of people.Pretty pricey place to go and have a beer. Food menu is pretty good but is also pricey. I give it four stars because their buffalo wings are THE best in the city. Worth the price.I actually have been going here for years and I'm sadly just getting around to reviewing it. The bar food is some of the best in town and always consistent. Strong drink pours and bartenders who are friendly and fun. Open early and late, I absolutely recommend this place.Great bar to watch some football and drink some decently priced beers with a pretty good selection! Split slider combo with a friend. Turkey, classic, and buffalo chicken were the three we tried. I thought buffalo chicken was the best. It does have a little bit of a kick though which I really enjoyed. Turkey was blah. Kinda dry and just not much to it. Classic burger slider was decent (comes with grilled onions and pickles). Sweet potato fries were great. It's kinda dark inside and has a grungy feel to it but I liked it!Typical local college bar. chill. Damn good homemade chips... Five dollar BLT hit the spot too!Bartender, gentleman with bald head and glasses; is by far, the most abrasive and unpleasant person I have ever encountered. If you have any expectation to be treated with respect, this place is not for you.This is bar restaurant for food I got pulled pork sandwich and it was great I love the fried pickles on top and I never like pickles but the one I got tonight was perfect.  The customer service was good but the only thing I was wondering why they did have daiquiri I thought all bars has it but I guess not overall we think we're coming back hereAlmost missed this place.  Happy Hour 4 to 7 on well drinks.  Wraps were good for a sports bar. Will definitely eat here again."Ripoff Scam and Terrible Management"
This is a review that I wrote back in 2012 on Tripadvisor and many have found it beneficial so I am now posting it here. These guys have never paid me back. They are a ripoff.
I visited this bar on Thursday 1/9. I had a couple of beers and offered to buy a guy who I met at the bar a drink, he had his beer and left. When I asked for the check my bill was over $50 so I called the bartender over to ask him why the bill was so high. He informed me that he had put new acquaintances whole tab on my bill. I told him that was ridiculous, in no way had I indicated that I was going to pay a $35 tab for the guy. I understand that mistakes and miscommunication can happen so I asked to talk to a manager. The bartender told me he was the night manager and that he had already charged my credit card but did not have the authority to refund my money. So I came by the next day and again I was told the general manager was still not there but they would have him call me. Two days later he still has not called. I just called the bar again and was told again that the general manager was not in. I think the whole thing was a scam by a mismanaged establishment. Do not go to this bar or you might find that you get overcharged also.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d4542511-r190650292-Fat_Harry_s-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Even in college, I never hung out at FH. Sure I'd stop in when other folks wanted to but it wasn't my regular spot.  But I have to give it to the owners. They are survivors. 
The joint burns? They rebuild. The construction next door causes them damage? They fix it.  They're like the energizer bunny of bars. They just keep going. 
To me the best time to stop by is for happy hour on a pretty day and sit outside with a beverage and some cheese fries.  
+1 star for coming back from their latest setback and opening (bar only) in time for the carnival season.Fat Harry's is one of the first bars I ever went to in my younger days (back when the drinking age was still 18 in Louisiana ya know).  This has always been a great college bar that a lot of local folks also frequent.  They have always had pretty good bar grub with nice po boys, burgers, sandwiches, cheese fries, etc. and this is actually a great spot for a quick lunch.  The beer prices got a bit more pricey after Katrina and are still a bit more than you will find on most of Magazine Street.  This used to be my favorite bar in NOLA, that I frequented more than any other, but as I've gotten a bit older I've shifted to being at the Bulldog more as I think their draft beer tastes better (and it's closer to my house).
I've always been a preppy Southern fellow so I've always felt right at home in here and it probably is one of the preppier bars in NOLA so if you don't like Southern preppy folk this might not be your place.  The crowd certainly shifts to a much younger one during the weekends and sometimes that does bring in some stupid behavior but the staff is very good at handling those situations.  The bartenders are always on top of their game here and do a great job of taking care of large crowds.  They have some nice outdoor seating on the sidewalk for those nicer days (and now that it is non-smoking for you smokers to poison yourselves).  This place gets to its maximum crazy times during Carnival season and especially the weekend before Mardi Gras.My friend told me about Fat Harry's years ago and I've been back many times. Love this place. Made some great memories here. Whenever I am in New Orleans I have to swing by, it's a tradition for me now. Get out of the quarter, its too busy and there is way more to New Orleans. Catch a night parade going down St. Charles and you won't regret it.New Orleans is full of great bars.  Some are beer bars like The Bulldog, Cooter Browns and what I consider the best in New Orleans, Avenue Pub.  Some bars though focus on a different crowd.  
When I was in college I had a couple places I enjoyed: The Boot and Fat Harry's.  Both of these bars are quintessential college bars.  The Boot which is practically on Tulane's campus(Go Greenwave!)and Fat Harry's which is a short streetcar trip down St. Charles Avenue.  I hadn't been to Fat Harry's in 10+ years.  For me it was just another college bar that served nothing my cheap lagers and offered no real value to me.  For some reason my wife and some of her friends went there recently and said they actually had a fantastic time and my wife claimed the nachos were "the best she had ever had".  Now for my wife to claim any food as the best she had ever had is a huge compliment.  My wife just isn't really all that into food.  A bowl of cereal counts as dinner for her sometimes.
Yesterday I found some time to take the wife to lunch and she mentioned trying Fat Harry's again.  Before entering there is a huge sign stating that this establishment is a non-smoking bar.  Ballsy.  I love it though.  New Orleans bars have been fighting the local government who is trying to make all bars non smoking.  I'm not going to get into the politics of all this because it can get messy and I try to keep politics out of these posts but I truly admire the fact that this bar took the initiative to be proactive and made their bar smoke free.  I spoke to owner, Kyle Huling and he told me his mother made the decision about 6 months ago and that they have seen NO decrease in sales but rather experienced an increase.  THIS I love!
The beer selection is about 10 beers on tap that I could see and about 10-15 bottles.  The tap selection was pretty nice from a local standpoint.  They had Bayou Teche, Tin Roof, Covington Brewhouse and Abita.  I was a bit shocked not to see NOLA Brewing given their huge success.  The bottle selection was okay.  Pretty much what you would expect from a college bar.
The food selection was massive.  Tons of options from burgers, wraps, salads and appetizers.  I ordered the burger which I found to be a solid burger.  My wife ordered the grilled cheese and polished it off. I think I should have tried the nachos too.  Maybe next time!
Overall I think Fat Harry's was a solid bar for the New Orleans area.  Positioned right on the Mardi Gras parade route makes this bar a hell of a place to hang during the festivities.  Those of you who smoke may not like it too much but they have tables outside.  I have to admit I actually enjoyed walking out not smelling like smoke.  On a side note on June 25th they will be celebrating their 40th anniversary.Great Staff, freindly bartenders...Definitely has its times as a young crowd, but everyday but Friday/Saturday nights its a wonderful place to hangout grab a  beer, and talk with regulars!  Good wings, bad nachos, all the sandwiches and wraps are really good!So I used to have mixed feelings about Fat Harry's but I've come here quite a few times recently and my mind is made up....I really like this place! So I decided to go ahead an update my review....
Why I had mixed feelings in the first place:
The first time I ever came here, me and one of my friends ordered a coke and some chips and salsa. They charged us for the cokes, but it was flat. When we told the bartender, he kinda gave us an attitude. In my opinion, if I am paying for a drink (especially a soft drink), and there is something wrong with it, I'm going to say something. It's not like I was rude about it or anything. He ended up filling our cups up again with Sprite or something else since the coke was flat, but I don't need an attitude when I was being nice about it.
On another occasion, one of my friends ordered a Sex on the Beach. It ended up being some brown, murky color. She ended up going back to the bar to tell the bartender that's not what she ordered and the bartender gave her attitude and said that it was supposed to look like that. He ended up making her something else, but again, he gave her an attitude.
However, not everyone who works there has an attitude. We came here to watch a football game once, and my cousin ordered a beer. The bartender (different one from the previous 2) accidentally gave her a whole pitcher. He ended up charging her for just a pint of beer and let her keep the pitcher of beer, which I thought was nice. This is probably the redeeming factor as to why I still come here.
Why I now really like this place:
They have delicious wings, probably the best I've ever had! I believe there is a special for them on Mondays. I also heard their other food is great too!
I do like the atmosphere of this place. There's no smoking inside, which I like. It's great for groups. I like coming here to play pool as there usually isn't a line waiting to play. I also like coming here to watch games on T.V. However, their drinks are a little on the pricy side, which kinda sucks if you're on a budget and you have Ms. Mae's doesn't the street.
Also if you need advice (dating, relationships, life, etc) the bartenders and one of the kitchen staff guys are very insightful.Visited this location while on the Uptown Halloween Pub Crawl. Seemed okay. No egregious issues. Maybe one of the more raucous locations especially considering location and usual clientele.One of my favorite sports bars from around the city featuring great bar food, a huge bar and a full beer selection. The bar is one of the longest in the city and they have outside seating along St. Charles Ave. Its a great place to meet friends, watch a game on the many tv screens and a whole lot of food choices. They also have specials for those who take part in Fantasy Football because you can get great specials for throwing you parties there as well as your fantasy draft. A great but very crowded spot to catch Mardi Gras parades as well as it is along the uptown parade route. Only drawback is that it doubles as a college bar and there are a lot of kids hanging around.I'm updating my review of this place because of recent experiences I had here during Mardi Gras. I will start off by saying that I agree with and understand age restrictions at bars. I have no problem with it (I'm 24 so it doesn't apply to me unless I have someone underage with me, like my 18 year old sister).
Ok now onto my review:
A couple of months ago, me and my sister decided to come here to watch a Saints game. I wasn't sure if it was 21+ or not so she called. The person working at the time told her you had to be 18 to get in. Now fast forward a couple of months later to Mardi Gras season. We came here 3 times after parades because this was the only bar in the area that I liked that she could get into. She got in, no problem. We had a great time.
On the 4th night we came here, we waited in line for a good 20 minutes because they apparently reached max capacity. When we got up to the bouncer, he told my sister that he couldn't let her in because she had to be 19+. Because of the chaos with Mardi Gras, I really didn't feel like arguing with him about it although I did tell him she got in the past 3 nights with no problem. His response, "I can't let her in. She has to be 19." We ended up getting yelled at because I tried to sneak her in when he turned his back, only because I had to use the bathroom, and I didn't want her waiting outside by herself (yeah, I was wrong for that).
Now, I really don't have a problem if they are 19+. What I have a problem with is the inconsistencies in carding, especially since we called a couple of months prior to find out what the actual age was. I also wasn't too happy that I waited in line to have her get turned down. If I would have known about the 19+ age restriction, I would never have taken her there in the first place. If they are going to have an awkward age restriction like that, they need to have something posted on their facebook, website, or VISIBLY on the door (which I didn't see. I even checked on Yelp and didn't see anything). I thought it was maybe because they were PACKED, but we came on another night during Mardi Gras after that incident, and the same guy wouldn't let her in even though the bar was pretty much empty because everyone was at the parade.
All in all, I still like this place and will come back, but I wanted others to be aware of their carding inconsistencies if they do decide to stop in if they have someone underage with them.I love this place! The bartenders are fantastic, the food is delicious, and they play University of Kentucky games in NOLA. Be sure to get Fats Mac N Cheese, you will leave fat and happy for sure. Patrons are mostly locals and everyone is willing to offer a tourist advice on what to eat next. We were here during St. Patrick's Day weekend and despite having a crown everyone was having a great time. One of my new favorite NOLA places!I've never been so insulted by an institution in my entire life. I was treated so poorly by employees and a manager that I would never recommend another person to their bar. Learn a thing or two about customer service, and invest in an ID scanner or perhaps a 20 dollar black light. Also, better educate your employees on what a real and a fake ID is. Absolutely horrible service and I hope no one has to experience the same treatment I did.I have been frequenting this joint for years. It is the quintessential bar for New Orleans college students, but has a great New Orleans vibe that keeps locals coming back for years and years. Great beer selection both on tap and in bottles. Standard bar grub such as burgers, club sandwiches, wraps, cheese fries, etc. The staff are friendly and memorable; they'll become your new best friends in no time, and they really care about their customers. Fats is one of the more popular college late-night bars; but if that's not your scene, then it can also be the perfect place for Sunday Funday with friends, after work drinks or prime game-time viewing for the Saints, LSU and Tulane. Fat Harry's is a great bar full of great people who become great friends.They make a decent burger, but otherwise it is a seedy college bar with adult bar prices.Decent Bar. fills with college kids on Friday and Saturday nights, so good to avoid it then, but otherwise good. Great burgers. They change the whole format of the bar during parade season though, so avoid it at all costs during the last week and a half of Carnival.Very frat-y. I went here while still in college and I already felt old. Good if you like the frat scene and you feel like dancing, but if you're over 21, I would suggest you avoid it.A good place for an afternoon pint with substantial beer selection and first rate bar food options like sliders, cheese plate, fried classics, wings, nachos, etc. it's not find dining but it's Fat Harry's, a NOLA staple.Best Shrimp Quesadilla I have ever had. I went there during lunch and I had heard good things about their food.  This place is very spacious so I would think it would be a great hang out place during weekends or nights.I visited this bar on Thursday 1/9. I had a couple of beers and offered to buy a guy who I met at the bar a drink, he had his beer and left. When I asked for the check my bill was over $50 so I called the bartender over to ask him why the bill was so high. He informed me that he had put new acquaintances whole tab on my bill. I told him that was ridiculous, in no way had I indicated that I was going to pay a $35 tab for the guy. I understand that mistakes and miscommunication can happen so I asked to talk to a manager. The bartender told me he was the night manager and that he had already charged my credit card but did not have the authority to refund my money. So I came by the next day and again I was told the general manager was still not there but they would have him call me. Two days later he still has not called. I just called the bar again and was told again that the general manager was not in. I think the whole thing was a scam by a mismanaged establishment. Do not go to this bar or you might find that you get overcharged also.Great bar if you like cosplay and hangin with fat nerdy dudes. Food is good...ish. Staff and clientele need to wake the f' up!Fat Harry's is ingrained in every college student's memory.  A decent bar with decent prices.  However, as I have gotten older, I find the food is pretty decent for bar food and the atmosphere is ok.  Well, save Mardi Gras and Saints and LSU games, the crowd is pretty down to Earth, quiet and hospitable.  The food is bar food, but it is pretty good bar food.  Beyond just hot wings and french fries, they can put together a baked potato, chicken wraps and even a few salads.  They order out and is a great place to sit outside and watch the streetcars go by.It's not cheap by New Orleans standards.  We still paid $6+ for each beer, which seemed high.  We paid cash for our drinks (I think we had 3 rounds) but had a credit card open because we also ordered food.  Then the bartender charged us for additional drinks at the end of the night, we didn't catch it till the next day.  I think that was pretty damn shiesty of him. The chicken sandwich was good though.   We did not return during our Nola visit.I have never encountered a more rude staff than at fat Harry's. The entire establishment was draconian and the bouncer made me feel incredibly unsafe and even threatened. My sentiments were shared by my entire party. You would have better luck unwinding at a convent than here.Go there for a saints game. Pitchers are cheap, wings are great and the crowd is truly amazing!Here we definitely have a college bar. So you know what's coming next: it's definitely not going to ever be a part of the Joi B bar crawl. 
BUT! It is a notch above the TJ Quills of the college bar mundo. Let's rewind, oh, five years (or maybe more, sigh) back to when I was a Midori sour-drinking college girl, I'd totally bring my parents here to drink with me. I realize the fact that I was once the type who ordered Midori sours may give you pause, 'specially if you read about all my fancy cocktail drinking ways, but it's true. We can't all be *born* with good taste. I was once an NYU girl (which is probably similar to a Tulane girl, only with a snottier attitude and a penchant for staying out all night in underground nightclubs) and wet behind the ears. You couldn't order wine coolers in bars back in those days, so... Midori. And Fuzzy Navels. God help me. 
OK that's quite enough stumbling down memory lane. 
Getting back to the compliment I'm trying to give Fat Harry's, grown-ups can and do seem to rub elbows with the young 'uns here. And it's not weird. I saw folks of all ages and those who seemed to be parental types, hanging out and having a good time. 
The ambiance: TVs everywhere, wood paneling, basic basic. Nice front patio, though. Nothing memorable. But it's clean. And not full of classless dolts taking a piss with the door open, so at least there's that!Rico love cajun hamburger here.  
Many boys with big money who wear same clothes.  Maybe they get haircut with flowbee machine?  Non't know.  
Bar servers here are nice to Rico.I spent many a night in Fat Harry's during my formative years. One of my distant cousins used to work the door and always made sure we had the hookup. I miss those days.
Fast forward to adulthood and I am amazed that I hadn't been back in forever. I must've forgotten about it until reading about the fire that gutted the inside. Thankfully the owners renovated the inside and got it back open for Carnival. While it isn't exactly as I remembered, it was still fun. There was no food or tables, but the atmosphere and crowd were just as I had remembered.
Fat Harry's will always hold a place near to my heart. I look forward to many more trips, and I can't wait till they reopen the kitchen.Not a bad place to watch a game, grab a drink and get a bite to eat. 
My college alumni foundation meets here for all the games. They always have the back room set up for us. The drinks seem affordable as well as the food. I can't drink anymore so the water is nice, no off flavors! :)
The nacho's are OK. I am a nacho fanatic, and I wish they were just a little better- basically if they had more stuff on them! I like the chicken caesar wrap, the chicken is grilled fresh! the chicken tenders seem to be hand battered and fried and come with a nice presumably house made honey mustard. The sliders are good too! 
It is a little dirty and dark, but that's what I would expect from a "sports bar"!Another updated review of good ol' Fat's: it gets a stigma of being a college bar, but every time I come here, there's a mixed crowd of people of different ages. I personally enjoy coming here to watch Saints games as they have reasonably priced drinks and pretty good food for a bar. Their wings are probably the best in the city in my opinion, and their pulled pork nachos are ah-mazing (and I'm not even that big of a fan of pork)! Besides coming here for a game, it's a great hangout bar for drinks and a game of pool with friends. It's also a hotspot during Mardi Gras as it's right on the parade route. All in all, whether you come here to watch the Saints play or to mingle with friends, you'll have a good time!On the level...pretty good beer selection. Pretty laid back atmosphere, which I like, but may bore others. But goodness gracious the music selection had an influence on that 4th star. If you like a laid back place to get a beer during the day, this place off st. Charles is a good place to start.Was great when I was 18, but now I'm over being in bars filled with underage drunken kids who puke in the gross bathrooms.This is probably my favorite place to watch football on a Sunday. We can go and watch all the games, enjoy some really great wings, drink and be merry. Table service can be a little slow, but if you can find a seat at the bar, you're pretty set. Everything we have had to eat here has been great, and the wings are my favorite in the city. The sliders are also really popular and the few that I have had have been delicious. 
This is also a great spot to hang around during Mardi Gras. I don't know how they do it, but they keep everything moving along pretty quickly which is a great thing when you're just looking to get back out to the parade route.The bar food is actually really good with a great selection. I like the buffalo wings and nachos. The bathrooms are almost always a wreck. The music is great. Lots of different types of people: the 80 y/o man who basically lives there, yuppie guys in suits, middle aged couples (I run into my parents' friends on occasion), and sometimes college students. Lots of TVs and a jukebox.A pretty basic dive bar that does what it needs to and no more. The beers are cheap, though honestly I felt they were a little pricy for the atmosphere. They don't have the greatest selection of local beers, shocking because they're right down the street from a whole bunch of great breweries. Its a pretty big place with lots of seating and standing room between two different rooms and picnic benches outside. Its perfect for stopping in during Mardi Gras or finishing the night near uptown, but it doesn't seem like the main event of an evening.Great bar! Good service. Good patrons. Always always say yes to the wings! My favorite is the BBQ. My friend loves the cheese stix and always a must for her.Wings were underwhelming. Well-cooked. Crispy on the outside and nice and tender on the inside. Not even close to spicy enough though, and I ordered buffalo as the sauce. Blue cheese and ranch both were quite watery as well
Decent prices for beer $11 bud light pitcher on a Thursday night.
Large venue and good spot to watch sports. Some limited outdoor seatingA great  bar to watch sports on tv,fabulous food options and full service bar. My favorite go to foods is the wings! I think they are the best in the city hands down. The staff are quick, and attentive and it's always a good time.This is the best bar in new orleans. Good drinks, love the people there, love the atmosphere. Honestly, I would bring my grandma here. i would bring a famous person here. Its the best bar.  You cant go wrongDisclaimer: I had a really really bad experience, and while this is not necessarily representative of the entire staff, I felt compelled to stick up for a friend and share this situation. 
While trying to celebrate her birthday, my friend went to Fat Harry's, a place she and her friends go to often. Seeing how long the line for the bathroom was, a bouncer told her to use the bathroom upstairs, because there would be no line. Per his direction, she went up to use the restroom. While my friend was ON THE TOILET, a bartender busted in and forced her out saying "you have no right to be in here" and pushed her down the stairs and kicked her out of the bar, all the while not listening to her as she explained she was only in that bathroom because the bouncer had suggested it. She was not overly intoxicated, and it was 7 pm. On her BIRTHDAY. The next night, that same friend of mine tried to take us there while we were all in town for Mardi Gras, and as she tried to order a drink, the same bartender rudely refused her service and ordered that she and her group be kicked out of the bar. All this over using a bathroom that she was told to go to? This bartender is an asshole with little man syndrome who needs to chill the fuck out about someone using the bathroom, or at least listen and understand their situation. I don't live in New Orleans, but I won't be back to Fat Harry's given the chance.Friendly customers but by far the worst bar service in uptown. Great food.....Best neighborhood bar around. Great staff, drinks, and food. Have every LSU sporting event on. I don't know why people say it is a college bar. Go on a weeknight and you will see far more people out of College than in
College. Great bar.If I could give a negative review I would. The staff of this restaurant are irreprehensibly rude, slow, and shoddy. This establishment is an overpriced tourist trap out to get people who don't know where do go. Please avoid and find a more authentic, delicious Louisiana restaurant. The food was disgusting and there are only two tables that's it. Also the bar is disgusting and empty. I watched at the cook spit in my food and laughed.So the scenery is not so great and there are usually somewhat fratty guys around, but the drinks are reasonably priced and they have the MOST AMAZING pulled pork quesadilla (especially when you have drunk munchies). 
plus the people are always friendly.Not sure if I've ever been here before, but I definitely want to start pretending to drive for uber so I can pick people up here as their uber driver, drive around for 15 minutes and then drop them back off here and convince them that's what they asked me to do. Doesn't seem like that's an actual crime. I'm sure they have bud lite or some other bro beer on tap, so definitely check it out. Wouldn't be surprised if their burger is edible too. I recommend you go here, or don't. I literally have no opinion one way or the other. This seems like the type of bar where dudes do push up contests to impress girls.Normally, I find myself in Fat Harry's when I am posted up outside for a parade and need to pee. On a whim, I went in with some friends to see if there was more to it than a bathroom.
Overpriced drinks - especially by this cities standards - and some of the most mediocre bar food I have ever had. Granted, I was not absolutely shitfaced - which is when bar food tastes it's best - but still, it was pretty lackluster. Plus, the decor is just kind of cheezy frat / college bar - the place has no soul.
Won't be back unless I have to pee during Krewe D'tatAbsolute hands down my favorite bar in New Orleans! Being from up north I need to find a place that has NHL coverage and they sure do. A lot of people stop in from all over the place. Great location right on the street car line. During Mardi Gras they remove the tables and chairs to make it easier for customers to get drinks, use the bathroom and get back to the parade route. Excellent bartenders and even better food. There isn't much 8 wouldn't recommend on their menu. Awesome bar food that doesn't make you feel like you just ate a mess of greasy bar food. Must check it out!The summer after my junior year of high school my friends and I got into a rut.  It would usually start out at The Boot, meander over to The Metro, and invariably end up at Fat Harry's.  Towards the end of the summer we would still end up here, but I remember that we would just sit around drinking and musing on how bad it sucked.  How fucking tired we were of "Brown Eyed Girl" and Steve Miller.  Yeah, there are a lot of fights, but don't mistake this place for a tough bar.  We're talking about a bunch of overstimulated local preps tearing each others Izods and getting all pink-faced from slapping each other while their girlfriends cry melodramatically for them to stop.  About half the time Biff is choking back tears of his own.  Yep, plenty of guys suffering severe testosterone poisoning looking for just the right corn-state princess having her first drink in the Big City and completely primed to do something she'll regret.  I know, I didn't seem to mind when I was he, but now it's just too pathetic to watch. 
Mitigating Factors that somehow pulled three stars out of me:
Drinks are pretty good.  The Bloody Mary in particular has a lot to be proud of.  The food isn't too bad either.  They have a great Cajun burger that isn't just a regular patty with a bunch of Chachere's, but actually has quality aduille ground into the meat.  Slide an extra couple of bucks to the dude at the grill and he'll cook it rare - despite the pork content.  The cheese fries are great - get mixed cheese and ranch to dip.  The buffalo wings are pretty good too.  They have tables out front that spare you the lameness that lurks within.  It's right on St. Charles and is really a very nice place for a pre-game bloody with friends.
---
Post-Katrina Update: Open for business / Feels basically the sameIf I didn't have a group that met here on Tuesday nights I definitely wouldn't hang out here.  I think Ashleigh is the saving grace of this place.    She's a very good bar tender, friendly and helpful.  
The menu here used to be pretty good but they shortened it up quite a bit.  Fine, the food is just your typical bar food.  Nothing special.  The drink prices are very good except for when it comes around to a special event.
What's the problem?  New Orleans is now a non-smoking city inside places like this.  When you open up all the doors up front and allow a dozen people to smoke a couple feet from your entrance it's the same thing as letting them smoke in the bar.  The place fills with smoke.  I go home with it all over me, I can't breathe at night and it's just not ok with me.  Occasionally we'll ask them to close the doors and sometimes they'll comply but we shouldn't even have to ask.  
The mens room is really lousy.  There's no stall door and no lock on the door to get in.  The faucet has been broken for months and last night was stuck on hot and running all night.
It would be great if they sold this place to someone who cared.  They could do so much better than this with a small amount of effort.Sliders were amazing and reasonably priced.  Bartender Ashley was very accommodating and knowledgeable about local places I could explore since we've just moved here from Houston.  Great first experience here and knowing I only live 2 blocks away I'm sure I will be a regular.  Thanks for everything!  Keep it up and you'll be sure to see me a lot!This was such an unexpected surprise! My friend and I were looking for a bar within walking distance and found this little place. There are lots of TVs to watch any game, standing and sitting tables, pool tables, and the food is amazing! Prices are reasonable (three drinks, fried pickles, and three sliders for 45 dollars). I definitely recommend the breakfast slider -- best sandwich ever!I visited this bar on Thursday 1/9. I had a couple of beers and offered to buy a guy who I met at the bar a drink, he had his beer and left. When I asked for the check my bill was over $50 so I called the bartender over to ask him why the bill was so high. He informed me that he had put new acquaintances whole tab on my bill. I told him that was ridiculous, in no way had I indicated that I was going to pay a $35 tab for the guy. I understand that mistakes and miscommunication can happen so I asked to talk to a manager. The bartender told me he was the night manager and that he had already charged my credit card but did not have the authority to refund my money. So I came by the next day and again I was told the general manager was still not there but they would have him call me. Two days later he still has not called. I just called the bar again and was told again that the general manager was not in. I think the whole thing was a scam by a mismanaged establishment. Do not go to this bar or you might find that you get overcharged also.Fantastic uptown neighborhood bar. Lots of different choices for beer and cocktails. Super friendly staff. Korean BBQ chicken wings are tasty.  The home made chips go great with crispy chicken sliders. Mac and cheese is home cheesy good times.Yay for Fat Harry's for feeding Touro's ICU while we are overwhelmed during this pandemic. Thank you so much for your support and love. 
Great jambalaya!Exactly what where you want to be for any sporting event! Great food! Great drinks! Great service! The best wings in the city without a doubt.Fat Harry's has been around for as long as I can remember and it looks wonder after the fire. I can remember passing by this place as a student at De La Salle thinking, I can't wait I until I'm old enough to get into that place. Well I went to Howard in DC and found an alternative watering hole but Fat Harry's is a college bar and it's the place to be for parades. 
This is really nice bar. The drinks I had were great and the prices were reasonable. In the back room was a pool table, shuffle board, and video games. They also offer burger, fries and wings. The crowd in the bar tends to be in its early to mid twenties. The bar is large and spacious.i am so happy this bar is open during COVID, and i've been at least 4 times since being back in NOLA for school. i love this place, good cheap drinks and yummy fries. only thing putting me off is that tonight i ordered a basic drink and the bartender (who was obviously under the influence) told me i was being "a pain in the ass". very rude and a little disappointed, would still go back though.Lived near here years ago; had my first beer at the bar and immediately threw up all over the floor. Good times!