This place is wonderful. I just went here for the first time today and the staff was lovely. I got an ice coffee and a savory pastry, both were delicious.We came here twice during our stay in New Orleans, and my husband and I both agreed this was the best food and drinks we had. The first day he had a breakfast sandwich and iced coffee while I had a muffin and Turkish coffee. Today he got the same sandwich with an iced tea, and I ordered the day's special of red beans and rice with Turkish coffee again. We also split a piece of apple pie, which they warmed up for us and was perfection. The owner was so sweet - I ordered the lunch special at 10am, so she let me know she didn't have the rice ready but I could change my order or she could give me the red beans with bread. I opted for the red beans and I'm glad I did, because they were the best red beans I had during the entire trip and perfectly flavored. This was the first place where I tried Turkish coffee, and now I'm obsessed and going to look for any coffee shops that make it in Houston so I can keep getting my fix. This place is a hidden gem and I'll be recommending it to everyone I know who is planning to come to New Orleans!When this cafe was in the Healing Center, my boss/friend insisted that we start our day with a Turkish breakfast.  No better way. One feels healthy and satsfied, not remorseful -  as after the American version. The humour was high and the service so personable. Like being in your friend's kitchen.  But now....what a difference some natural light makes!  It really was a blessing in diguise to have to move camp.  There is plenty of seating and art on the wall.  All the favourites are available but with an expanded pastry selection (or maybe i didn't really know how it was before).  I bring friends here with the confidence they will bring others.  And they say as such.  Glad you moved to the Treme. You belong.Bu bölgedeki en güzel Türk kahvaltısı yapabileceğiniz yer. Fatma ablanın su böreği muhteşem. Eğer Türk tipi kahvaltıdan vazgeçemiyorsanız kesinlikle tavsiye ederim.Very cute coffee spot with delicious pastries, espresso and sandwiches. Open early for breakfast!The most magical place! Enjoy homemade food, jams, excellent coffee, and amazing conversations with the cafe owner, Fatma. Everything about this space is simply divine.I stop into Fatma's every few weekends and I can't say I ever tire of their simplicity yet freshly delicious food and coffee. The baklava is the best I've had in town! If the space itself or the friendly staff don't make you happy when you walk in, the "eye candy" in the bathroom will give you something to smile about, haha!This place is delicious! We came here with a group of 8 for breakfast on a whim, and we all left fully satisfied (not always easy with 8 people). There is lots of seating in the back, and we had the little back room to ourselves. It was super cozy and felt like we were enjoying an insanely good home cooked meal in the comfort of our home. I personally recommend the spinach and feta breakfast sandwich and their teas. They have loose leaf tea and made my friend a green tea mint blend, which she enjoyed. Fatma was very sweet too! Thank you for a lovely meal.This is a cool, cozy and artificial little joint in the Treme area. I actually ended up there on a whim. I was going to get chicken wings. So I went to Manchu's, which is pretty close to this place. Saw how dirty and nasty the place was and immediately walked out. It was disgusting. Anyway, I ordered the Cuban sandwich. I was a little disappointed when I saw how small the sandwich was for $8. But when I took the first bite, oh my. Without a doubt the best I've ever had. I also ordered a feta and Spanish pie and a piece of the Baklava. Delicious. One of the workers, Ethan, is a very nice and pleasant young man. I think great employees are just another great added benefit of small cafes like this. Go check them out. Next time I go, I am going to try one of those delicious looking pastries - which they make fresh everyday. That danish was calling my name,  but I just couldn't do it! :)Live music on a Tuesday morning, Turkish coffee and a bagel and lox - I'm in heaven. And it's so close to my house.Great iced coffee and pastries! Friendly staff and loved the atmosphere. Will be back!While staying in New Orleans for a week we just had to try this cafe. I would reccomend the Mediterranean breakfast, it has a huge variety and is the perfect start to any day! The Turkish food is fresh and homegrown. It's made with love by Fatma and by Sona. Sona is amazing and has the best jam I've ever had! I recommend trying the rose jam. I'm a picky eater but we had this food multiple times while in NOLA and it never disappointed. Not too expensive and a good amount of food for the price. Try the Turkish tea or coffee.This is a magical land of strong coffee & homemade rose jam, run entirely by beautiful smiling women who you wish could be your aunts and grandmas. Get the Mediterranean breakfast. Try the hummus. Don't miss the biscuits. I'll see you there, I'm moving in.What a gem! If you're in need of caffeine or a snack while in the Treme district, then you must stop in at this super cute neighborhood joint! I highly recommend the baklava. It was super flavorful. I would hands down eat the baklava from Fatma's  Cozy Corner over a beignet any day.So happy to have the next chapter in Fatma's journey up and running. A new location, but some of my favorite dishes.This place was so cute and the food was delicious!! We tried the breakfast sandwiches with sausage and with turkey and Swiss as well as a low plate; all plates were delicious. We also ordered a Turkish coffee - served with a little Turkish delite!- and iced coffees. The iced coffees were very good as well and tasted great black or with milk. We highly recommend this cafe!!!This dinky little corner cafe is a hidden gem in NOLA's Treme neighborhood, northwestish of the French Quarter. We stayed at the Treme Mansion and was delighted to find this place (and 'Lil Dizzy's) an easy block and a half away... Quite a relief after hoofing miles through the Quarter for days.
It's got an open-air feeling with the opened-shutter windows, cozy sidewalk seating, and an interesting history if you care to google. Let's just say this cozy corner has been a kept corner for a few different proprietors, and the remnants of such infidelity linger in the 50 year old peeling paint that once advertised the 45 Dixie beers sold by the original Ruth.
The menu is Turkish inspired, offering the Mediterranean breakfast of cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, egg, and cheese (What?? Americans don't eat that for breakfast!), along with a couple egg dishes, breakfast sandwiches, and paninis. They also have a pastry case brimming with savory boreks, muffins, and sweet treats. They offer a full service coffee bar, complete with cold brew iced coffee, which, alas and alack, they'd already run out of by 9:30 am.
I had the spinach/cheese/egg breakfast sandwich, which was wonderfully situated atop a phenomenal hommade bisquit (true menu-board spelling, bless their hearts). The cooked spinach that usually repulses me on a sandwich (I much prefer fresh leaves) didn't taste like the frozen stuff that I hate. I honestly think Fatma cooked fresh spinach... and it was awesome. I also got the veggie borek (wonderful) and the veggie muffin (awesome concept!) to take back to the room for later. They were savory unlike the zucchini bread of my heritage, and I very much enjoyed them for lunch. 
Hubby had the Turkey panini, which was so good that, as God is my witness, it resurrected the lighthearted disposition that had been crucified by the errant computer system mixup, which brought his meal out a good 15 or 20 minutes after mine. I thought the day was done until I saw the sparkle in the eye behind his aloof facade as he gobbled.
Fatma and cashier girl, you're doing a great job 11 days after opening this new location... Sooooo close to a five-star. But here's some tips:
1. The wait at the counter due to having one cashier who also works as barista is pretty tiresome. Anyone who has somewhere to be will go elsewhere.
2. A water station would be awesome! Throw a couple cucumber slices in there (I know you have em) and you're instantly two rungs higher-society. Just a suggestion.
3. Thanks for not charging me for the muffin, but don't do that computer system mixup thing again. It almost killed the mood.
4. For crying out loud, MAKE MORE COLD BREW! running out at 9:30 on a Monday morning?? That's just really bad market projection.Our first stop in New Orleans simply because it was nearby our Airbnb, but we stumbled upon a gem! The cafe itself is adorable with unique touches and art lining the walls. We enjoyed some incredible baklava with Turkish coffee. The service was outstanding and very friendly. If you're in the neighborhood, have a visit!Stopped in this cozy lil place for coffee and dessert with my grandson and was not disappointed. It appears a family-run business hidden in a corner of Treme. Just enjoyed sitting by the window sipping my coffee and eating my blueberry muffin after stuffing my face with an All that Jazz amazing poboy from Verti Marte. I will be back to explore some of the other items on the menu.I'm almost hesitant to write a review because this place is so adorably quaint and perfect the thought of it being jam packed with people makes me nervous however I have to share with the world how amazing Fatmas is! I have been going to numerous coffee shops in the area the past month and this one is so perfect it's scary. The owners are these kind and sweet women who make incredible coffees and Turkish inspired food. I had the iced coffee and the hummus (which was some of the best hummus I've ever had) and I can't wait to try some of their other delicious items! The prices are reasonable and the space is so perfect for a small gathering of friends or if you are hacking away on your laptop to finish some work. There's ample parking and lots of seating. Definitely try this spot out if you are in the area - I guarantee you won't regret it!This dinky little corner cafe is a hidden gem in NOLA's Treme neighborhood, northwestish of the French Quarter. We stayed at the Treme Mansion and was delighted to find this place (and 'Lil Dizzy's) an easy block and a half away... Quite a relief after hoofing miles through the Quarter for days.
It's got an open-air feeling with the opened-shutter windows, cozy sidewalk seating, and an interesting history if you care to google. Let's just say this cozy corner has been a kept corner for a few different proprietors, and the remnants of such infidelity linger in the 50 year old peeling paint that once advertised the 45 Dixie beers sold by the original Ruth.
The menu is Turkish inspired, offering the Mediterranean breakfast of cucumbers, tomatoes, olives, egg, and cheese (What?? Americans don't eat that for breakfast!), along with a couple egg dishes, breakfast sandwiches, and paninis. They also have a pastry case brimming with savory boreks, muffins, and sweet treats. They offer a full service coffee bar, complete with cold brew iced coffee, which, alas and alack, they'd already run out of by 9:30 am.
I had the spinach/cheese/egg breakfast sandwich, which was wonderfully situated atop a phenomenal hommade bisquit (true menu-board spelling, bless their hearts). The cooked spinach that usually repulses me on a sandwich (I much prefer fresh leaves) didn't taste like the frozen stuff that I hate. I honestly think Fatma cooked fresh spinach... and it was awesome. I also got the veggie borek (wonderful) and the veggie muffin (awesome concept!) to take back to the room for later. They were savory unlike the zucchini bread of my heritage, and I very much enjoyed them for lunch. 
Hubby had the Turkey panini, which was so good that, as God is my witness, it resurrected the lighthearted disposition that had been crucified by the errant computer system mixup, which brought his meal out a good 15 or 20 minutes after mine. I thought the day was done until I saw the sparkle in the eye behind his aloof facade as he gobbled.
Fatma and cashier girl, you're doing a great job 11 days after opening this new location... Sooooo close to a five-star. But here's some tips:
1. The wait at the counter due to having one cashier who also works as barista is pretty tiresome. Anyone who has somewhere to be will go elsewhere.
2. A water station would be awesome! Throw a couple cucumber slices in there (I know you have em) and you're instantly two rungs higher-society. Just a suggestion.
3. Thanks for not charging me for the muffin, but don't do that computer system mixup thing again. It almost killed the mood.
4. For crying out loud, MAKE MORE COLD BREW! running out at 9:30 on a Monday morning?? That's just really bad market projection.I like the way they decorate the coffee house, I can see the kitchen and the cook lady making my breakfast. Everything is elegant and very nice. Should try it when you are in New OrleansReally, really good breakfasts and perfect coffee. Live, local heavy-hitters playing the best of the 6th in the back room.  Super-friendly and helpful staff. Comfortable atmosphere. This is my favorite place in Tremé. Best possible way to start the day.Absolutely delicious! The atmosphere is cozy and inviting. The service is spectacular and the food is perfectly portioned and made with love. The Turkish coffee is hot and strong. I had the spinach breakfast sandwich which came paired with a slice of watermelon which complimented the rich spices and savory biscuit. They have both indoor and outdoor seating. I would recommend this casual breakfast/lunch spot to small groups or someone like me who is dining alone. I will definitely be back!1 block from our Air BnB, we strolled in for a morning nosh, and were happily surprised by their world flavor breakfast. This ain't Panera or Starbucks, People! The ambiance could have caused one to think on was in a small French cafe. 
The French Press coffee would have emphasized the mood! Offerings included Breakfast Sandwiches and small skillet breakfasts like The 2 Egg Breakfast(Scrambled or over-easy eggs baked in tomato sauce, served with toast) and The Mediterranean Breakfast (tomato, cucumber, homemade jam, feta cheese, kalamata, olives, and eggs) A great standard, Lox and Bagel, was also available.
One little detail that stood out was the Rose Petal Jelly! Homemade to perfection, our part of 5 starving Triathletes ( we were in NOLA for Ironman 70.3 Triathlon) tore this up on bagels and delicious fresh bread. Lunch included salads and Paninis.  In the heart of Treme, I know we found our permanent BnB and Breakfast place!This place is too cute! Walked in and felt right at home! Good iced coffee, they also Mediterranean food! They make their biscuits daily, and they are so moist on the inside, crisp on the outside it's insane! The waitress was super cute and friendly as well.Delicious Turkish coffee - even comes with a Turkish delight. Fantastic service. Very clean bathrooms. Homey decor and good music. The only thing I had was the Turkish coffee and it was delicious with a hint of sugar. Would definitely come here everyday if I lived here.Wonderful and warm local feel to this day time coffee shop. Great seating areas - perfect for meeting a friend or working on the laptop. I'll be backA walk down from our Air BnB, Fatma's was the perfect early morning spot before a day of drinking. I had the Turkish coffee and breakfast sandwich- I don't know if I was starving or something but dear god that sammy hit the SPOT and was just perfectly prepared comfort food. The Turkish coffee came with a Turkish delight- loved the combo and can't believe I'd never had one before! The space is also adorable and I would have loved to just relax there with my coffee if we didn't have a full day of being ridiculous ahead of us.The only thing better than the food was the service. The chai was so good with turmeric in it.Perfect place to relax on any given day. Very calm feeling to the café, unlike what I found in other cities. They've also got a piano :)Sweet and yummy. Flourless chocolate cake and such a variety of drinks to choose from... but I'm a sucker for any menu with Turkish coffee
I also got a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit. This was also delicious and tasted nice and homemade. The tea was huge!!! No skimping here
Small venue but the people who run it are so sweet, who can resist their charmMy group and I were traveling and found Fatma's, we had a great experience with delicious food and hand crafted coffee drinks !Exactly as the name suggests, cozy. Delicious homemade seasonal jams, delicious pastries and pies.  I got the bagel lox plate, YUM! when I visit NOLA again defiantly coming back.Wow, this place is a gem!! A beautiful little shotgun on a quiet corner in the Treme. Great coffee, delicious pastries, and absolutely scrumptious Mediterranean breakfast! I went with the family, so we sat in the front room and chatted, but there was also a very quiet back room that would be ideal for studying and sipping coffee.This is by far my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. It's located on a beautiful block in Treme. The owners are so wonderful and love my dog when I bring him in. You've got to try the sausage and egg breakfast biscuit and the Cuban sandwich for lunch. The chill and friendly atmosphere can't be beat.Great cozy place, breakfast sandwich was amazing.  The owners gave us some free deserts to try and they had live music.Enjoyed the chai, perfectly not too sweet. The pecan pie was delicious two days in a row, as were the sausage biscuit sandwiches -- perfectly flaky. The people are super friendly and the decor lives up to the cozy name. Other folks in our party enjoyed the Turkish coffee and the egg & tomato dish. Highly recommended!Outstanding turkish coffee & the breakfast sandwiches are IN.CRED.I.BLE. Very friendly folks.I'm a polite person so I waited a few minutes before I realized the counter person was ignoring me.  When she did deign to take my order I paid with cash and she kept the change and put it into the tip jar herself. Like wow, just wow. We were winding up our otherwise fabulous first time trip to NOLA and stopped in on our way to MSY to get a cup of coffee bc it was across from our B&B.  I honestly don't remember the last time I was treated so shabbily.  I'm an experienced traveler and my daughter and I had day packs and a travel purse, the place was practically empty and we were both well dressed, sober, sophisticated people with no reason to be treated the way we were treated.  All I can say is: Do Not Patronize!We came here for breakfast on our first morning in the city and though our walk over after a really disappointing night in a sketchy hotel wasn't our favorite, this was exactly the pick me up we needed to get our trip off on the right foot! I got an iced soy mocha and my friend got an iced soy latte. We got the breakfast sandwich to share. The menu makes it look a little like you can get spinach, sausage, and turkey, but you actually pick one of the options. We went with spinach which actually turned out to be spinach feta...one of the BEST breakfast sandwiches of my life. I don't normally love tomatoes in sandwiches but somehow all of the ingredients just came together so well. It was buttery without being greasy and leaving you feeling gross. Our coffee drinks were alright, nothing amazing, but the breakfast sandwich will likely be the star of my food day dreams for a while.This little gem was a great find close to our AirBnB in Treme and boy are we glad we found Fatmas!  The food was phenomenal with such amazing biscuit breakfast sandwiches. We had a group of ten going here every morning!  Don't Miss out on this great neighborhood bakery and coffee shop.This is such a great hole in the wall quick place to grab a bite and it's so good! They pay close attention to everything they make, from their drinks to their food, you just can't go wrong.I had croissants with sausage and cappuccino. It was a warm day, we sit in a table outside. The best breakfast I had after a week of staying in New Orleans. Wish I knew this place earlier!Yummy spinach, feta, tomato and egg on a biscuit! The place was very unique and great for a slow paced morning!Love this little coffee shop!! Great Chai Latte! Great Service too!! Food is great as well and many options to pick from. Comfy place to hang out and relax for a bit. Indoor or outdoor seating options are nice too. And love that it's not freezing in here.Very good coffee and food is really good.  It's a small place that's kind of off the beaten path but definitely worth checking out especially if you just want to enjoy that coffee you just got from the woman I'm assuming is the owner and just RELAX... :)I've just discovered a beautiful new cafe. Open and airy and live piano music. The best traditional Turkish coffee and a variety of gluten free baked goods all scratch made by the owner. 
I shall recommend this spot to everyone!This place is absolutely amazing! I was in Treme for only a few days but they made me and a group of friends feel welcome every time we came in. Service, food and atmosphere are great! I wish I was back there to get one of those amazing French press coffees.Super Cozy Super friendly cafe in Treme. Lots of light, nice tables outside and friendly staff. Very yummy breakfast just away from the Quarter. I devoured my Lox and bagel!Life is always sweeter with good food.  I tried  Borak from this place and it took me to the moon because it's GREAT taste.  I can't wait to come back and eat a bigger meal at this place.Perfect breakfast spot away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon and Frenchmen. Food was flavorful, plentiful, and reasonably priced. Turkish coffee was sweet, served with a water and a Turkish Delight on the side. Service was quick and attentive. 
I can't get over the atmosphere. It was quiet, cozy, and had plenty of room and parking.
Highly recommend to anyone looking to take a few steps off of the party scene and grab a nice breakfast.Taa İstanbul'dan gelip New Orleans'ın Fatma Abla'sında Suna hanımın pişirdiği Türk kahvelerini yudumlamak ve memleket sohbeti yapmak çok hoştu. Bizi tanıştıran Tora hanıma da teşekkür ederiz. Artık bizim de New Orleansta bir Fatma Ablamız oldu,ne mutlu. Handan&Sedat AltınAdorable cafe with fabulous coffee! Super friendly staff, cute, laid back atmosphere, very chic. Food is fresh & delicious! Will definitely be returning. Great little gem hidden in a cute neighborhood :)nice little place open till 3 pm.  the cook brings your order. cute little lady and very friendly!!Delicious food and desserts.  The Turkish coffee was excellent.  Service was good and everyone was very helpful.Had the Mediterranean breakfast and some tasty coffees. The owners are very sweet and friendly. Decor is eclectic and definitely cozy! Highly recommended.I'm in love with Fatma's Cozy Corner. I crave their delicious food, it's made with love and I still crave it. Feel good & healthy... just the best combo. Their omelet in this old school metal plate IS THE BEST OMELET YOU WILL EAT. Salads and their many specialities are all home runs. Was shooting a movie in Nola and we ate there every morning and sometimes for lunch...I seriously miss it and miss the girls and family running it. Oh boy we had so many good laughs there. Stellar place !I recommend Fatma's place. I was checking Yelp for turkish food   and saw the cute place on my way today and found a new stop to treat myself. I had a menemen, Turkish tea and chocolate cake. All was good. They were out of boreks(Turkish pastry similar to Italians laz ani's with parakeet and Turkish feta ). Good food and service. Quick, too.My new favorite place. The food is good, the coffee is good, the people are good.
The place is actually 'cozy' and perfect to work.Excellent middle eastern food, huge portions and very fresh. Had red beans that were very savory and flavorful. Chicken sandwich packed with chicken. Fattoush salad very fresh and seasoned well. Nice people work here. Sit inside or out. 
Nice selection of coffee and teas. 
And saw actor James Franco eating here in Mardi Gras day!Fantastic breakfast egg, sausage, tomato and cheese biscuit sandwich. Wonderful seasoning. Warm staff and charming ambience. Enjoy!This was the perfect spot for breakfast. We had the Turkish coffee, which was excellent, followed by the Mediterranean plate and the smoked salmon plate.  Both portions were generous, delicious, and very fresh. The jam (rose? Rose hip?) was outstanding. Highly recommended food and very cute ambiance too! Definitely check this place out! Very friendly owners too.Excellent neighborhood spot. Extremely fresh ingredients, which if you live in New Orleans you know is tough for produce. I had the breakfast platter, which is a sampling of hummus, fresh veggies, cheese, and some other sauces. Friendly staff, good coffee, and delicious seasonings.Amazing! A little bit of a wait but it's because it's made fresh and delicious. Lovely cafe, lovely folks. Highly recommend  ordered ice coffees, falafel, and croissant sandwich. Crispy flaky croissant, and fresh made falafel. The madeleines are lovely too.I love this place. Their food is really good and they give you a good amount of portion. I enjoy it. I thought having the Mediterranean breakfast may be too light or too little but I am surprised that it's not. It became one of my favorite breakfast because I love the different cheese selections that are included. Service is also very quick and nice. Definitely recommend.This coffee shop is boring and overpriced and FILLED with disgusting, racist artwork. To put a "totem" pole of the "hear no evil, see no evil, say no evil" monkeys that have been crafted so the monkeys look like essentialized black children in a historically black neighborhood is quite appalling. This cafe contributes to a mood of gentrification otherwise already present in Tremé, and should be avoided. Instead, maybe try to visit another shop in the neighborhood owned by community members, or at least people who are not actively throwing around racist imagery in a black neighborhood. The worst part of my last NOLA tripIt a was a great way to start off the day. Had a great breakfast with my daughter and granddaughters. I had the Mediterranean Breakfast. It had a great variety of  tastes! The Cafe au lait was nice and frothy. My granddaughter tried the bagels and lox for the first time and loved it!I hesitate to write this because I'm afraid too much good press will spoil a perfect thing. But if you don't sit on the sidewalk and eat some of this yummy hummus on a nice Spring Day, I truly feel sorry for you. Also grape leaves. And baklava. Seriously, you can diet tomorrow.I love this restaurant. It's a beautiful place to sit in. For me, it brings me close to home with its mediterranean breakfast. The music and artwork on the walls makes everything perfect. Good find.Very good food, GREAT vibe (very cozy), decent service (a little slow), a little pricey for the portion sizes!Thank you to all youse Yelpers out there for your great reviews of Fatma's.......
Have ridden by on the bike countless times...but my 1st visit today......
Exceeded expectations, freshly made to order, dairy free beautiful salad highlighting white beans.
Super helpful and friendly owner / staff earns my top five star......
I can't wait to return to sample MORE menu items.
My pic is from the backroom where live music will undoubtedly by TOP class too.It's my first time here, so I can't speak to the depth of the menu. All I had was pecan pie and coffee. The first bite of pie made my eyes close and made "mmmm" sounds (according to my gf)
The ambiance is cozy, it feels like a converted shotgun, long and narrow. The art in the walls is beautiful and all by local artists. 
I'll be back.I'm in love with it here - yes I am sitting here right now and felt compelled to write a review.
I recently moved to town and I've struggled to find healthy food.  The struggle is real.
Fatma's is a place where you can eat a light, healthy breakfast and sip an Americano in the midst of welcoming, genuine service and delightful ambience.
The Mediterranean breakfast is a cheese lover's dream.  The halva makes a divine finishing touch.
The spinach breakfast sandwich may be the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had.  
As I type this review, a patron has taken to the piano and is serenading the few people here.
I really love Fatma's.  You will too.The baklava! Oh my Lord. I could eat that every day for the rest of my life. Perfection!Friendly people with amazing food. The Los bagel is wonderful with Mediterranean marinated purple onions.
Best cherry pie I've EVER had!The best place around for breakfast. Try Turkish coffee and the Mediterranean breakfast for a balanced and great portioned meal. Wonderful service!! Love this place and will keep going back.favorite place we ate at during our trip! could tell food was homemade and the staff was extremely friendly, wish we could have gone more! try the hummus!Delicious food that tastes homemade. Got the breakfast sandwich on whole wheat, my brother got the Mediterranean platter. Both of them were so so good. The French press and Turkish coffee were both delicious and smooth. Highly recommend this place if you're into quality food, that doesn't taste like a chain, but homemade.I always order the Mediterranean Breakfast Platter - it's like the bento box of Mediterranean food - you got an egg (cooked your way), toast, a few different types of cheeses (including a fried cheese), usually some sort of fruit from her garden that she has glazed, or jam from the rose bushes from her garden, some halvah, cucumbers and tomatoes drizzled with herbs and olive oil - amazing!   Espresso and Turkish coffee are fantastic.  Sandwiches are fresh and delicious.  They have gluten-free bread and decaf espresso, too.  Plenty of outdoor tables, too.
My only concern is that the last two times I was there an older man was inside without a mask on - it may be that he has "health issues" so he can't wear one (which has been debunked, by the way), but that doesn't help those of us who are trying to stay safe and follow the rules.  Next time I'll peek in and if he is there without a mask I will call and order over the phone and have the bring it out to me.