Good coffee + large space in good location = great place for coffee
I went here for the first time the other day and I was surprised by the large space.  Its huge!  I came in the morning so I just ordered coffee but I am really picky so I was surprised when I really liked it.  I am excited to go back and order something to eat!I was staying with friends nearby, and wanted to get something decent that wasn't expensive sitdown.  A friend and I started by going to another Mediterranean place nearby, even though we were suspicious of it because *it served pork*.  Very much out of sync with the food habits of most of the Middle East.
Thankfully, my friend actually thought this was the place and said "We arrived!", and I said "Sure, let's try this place instead.  Maybe the menu here is more authentic!".
It's not 100% authentic (a Turkish friend, who didn't come with us, commented that using cheddar and mozzarella are common as substitutes for Turkish cheeses that you can't easily get in the US), but it's darn close.  They were disappointingly out of the beef moussaka, but it forced me to have the ground lamb pide with cheddar cheese and chili sauce instead.  It was out of this world.  My companion had the feta pide with tzatziki sauce and enjoyed it as well.
We did take out; it took about 20 minutes for our food, but we sat up near the window and just chatted and drank some water.  Very relaxing.  If/when I'm in the area again, I will go back.After a trip to Istanbul, we were anxious to find authentic Turkish cuisine locally.
First visit with friends who are not adventurous eaters, but we tried a lot of things. Loved the lacmoncun (like a thin crust pizza with ground lamb and peppers),
Every eggplant dish was delicious also as well as a white bean dish and veggie 
Pides (like a calzone).  The second visit was with son and vegetarian daughter in
Law.  Hit another home run.  Third time was as the request of sais daughter in law for her birthday celebration. Love the fact that they have parking lot in the back.
VickiPart of the Healing Center's website describes Fatoush as follows: "Think of Fatoush as a combination coffee house, herbal teahouse, natural juice bar, and organic restaurant offering a unique selection of the richest and healthiest foods from around the world." It's not a full restaurant just yet- they just opened and it seems they're opening gradually, in phases. It's a sizable, attractive place in the Healing Center, but only the coffee/cafe portion is open at the moment. Seating is comfortable and there are nice, large windows overlooking St. Roch St and St. Claude Avenue.  There is outdoor seating under the gallery as well.  There is limited food available on the menu right now, but the full-fledged menu/restaurant experience is opening in a few weeks, according to the friendly barista.  You can watch them prepare the food in the open kitchen.  I ordered a falafel wrap which was delicious, including very fresh-tasting ingredients and came with a side of large diced pototoes which were nicely browned and crispy. 
I'll likely become a frequenter of this place, as the vibe is good and I live really close-by.  I'll reserve 5 stars for a more comprehensive sampling of the menu.  If the wrap I ordered was any indication, they'll get 5 stars easily.Do yourself a favor and just DON'T!   If you do you'll wish you had listened to all the negative reviews. I promise you that.1 of my favorite neighborhood places to go for a gyro, some Lebanese tea, free wifi & to people watch. 
Located in the heart of the Marigny... Thats enough to feel the love in & of itself... But this place has such a cool laid back vibe until I often find myself hanging out there longer than planned. 
The large picture windows allow for sunning without tanning & watching without really being seen. There's a back part to this restaurant, but I normally stay up front to people watch. 
The individual chairs, while they provide exclusion, they aren't the most comfortable but I normally make do by sitting on my jacket or foot until it has the needle-sticking lack of blood feeling. There are however some other options when namely this comfy couch/love seat deal which is deal smack in the middle of the upfront dining area. 
Ordering is easy as 1, 2, 3... I mean walk to the counter, peruse the menu, place your order pay & that's it. I never feel pressured to decide on what my palette feels like tasting, although they could be doing other things, the cashiers will patiently wait until I make a decision or sometimes they will even make suggestions. 
The lamb on the gyro is always tender & easily chewed. I think the tzatziki sauce is my fav & I always ask for more. The side salad is light & the hummus has a different taste to it, when eaten alone, but the combo it goes down rather easy. 
I guess this review is more about the ambience of the place despite the many times I've eaten here. Oh well, que sera sera.Mediterranean in a place not really easy to find. Worth the drive however. We had the appetizer plate, vegetarian wrap and the Guvech veggie stew.It is not the ambiance or the cuisine...the food and coffee are fine. It is the way that one of the employees (or perhaps the manager or employer) snarls at employees who makes me not want to return to Fatoush to eat Turkish food and/or yummy pastries. The young employee chickees are as clueless as they are pretty and sincere as they make the coffee drinks that are just as good as Who Dats', the Orange Couch's, or Satsuma's. Is it their sincerity or cluelessness that makes the postmenopausal witch chew them out as they do their job as well as possible  behind the poorly conceived coffee counter where customers crowd to order and pickup in a confusing utterly un-anglo, un-queued up manner? All and all, the food is fine, the space is nice, but would the bee-atch Mamluk with a braid stop treating the help like they are new Eunuchs.Went here a few weeks ago for lunch with some girlfriends. Gotta say, it was pretty expensive for what you got and although the food wasn't bad, it wasn't very good either. Granted, I didn't order anything too exciting, just a veggie wrap but that is mostly because there wasn't a lot to choose from. I was also hoping for some herbal iced tea but all they had was black and hibiscus. The restaurant itself didn't have a lot of personality either. It was quite empty. More like a college coffee bar. Oh and the worst part is that you order at the counter and then someone yells out the food at you. Unfortunately my friend and someone else were waiting for the same dish and it goes to whomever is paying attention to the shouts not whomever ordered first. If you are going to do the shouting from the counter thing, at least get people's names when you take the order so you can yell their name instead. All in all, I'm glad I tried it for curiosity's sake, but I surely won't return with so many other tastier options out there.They should call it Fadouchenozzel semi-edible food products. 
It's a juice bar/ regular bar/ wellness center/ Turkish restaurant. The identity crisis should have been a red flag in itself. 
Things started out ok. The waitress was in full raging hipster garb, but that's to be expected in this neighborhood, and who cares if the food and service are good, right? They were not. 
The falafel were like bricks, only with less salt, and were served with raw onion strong enough to kill vampires. The humus was so runny that pools of water ran out of it when you tilted the plate. My buddy got the gyro entree which came with no flatbread or bread of any kind. The meat was like bark, so dry that it was almost brittle. It had clearly been shaved hours ago and reheated or it had been on the spinner so long that the meat had become jerky. 
It wasn't all bad. The sun-dried tomato and  olive oil that came out before the meal was phenomenal and the bulgar wheat pilaf is quite good. But if you are a Mediterranean joint and you ef up the humus, falafel and gyro, you get 1 star.This place has really gone downhill. My last visit was just that- my LAST VISIT. I have eaten at the restaurant/coffee shop multiple times, and had a good experience. This time was so bad that I cannot return and spend anymore of my money.
Let's start with how half is sit down and half is counter service.. Confusing, and I have to buy juice from another area. Very odd. The entire staff seemed very unhappy, most of them arguing with the cook in one way or another. The cook would make the food and then leave it on the bar for quite awhile until a server came to pick it up. 
The food used to be really good: tons of veg options, and a good grasp on healthy Mediterranean food. The hummus this time was bland/gross. The bread was doughy and my salad was swimming in a very acrid dressing. 
This coupled with a barista who made it known that she didn't want to be at work, and several other staff members who seemed pissed (I don't care), I think I will spend my money elsewhere.Not sure what happened to this place. I had not been there in a while.  Ordered the fatoush salad with falafel. Figured it had to be big and delicious for $18 (plus an iced tea ). Was shocked to see how small. It could not be shared - even with the falafel added. Ok. I let that sink in. I was hungry and really wanted falafel. Sorry, not what it used to be. Ok. Upon leaving i ordered a piece of baklava.  Guy said $2.50. I paid then got my dessert.  The baklava wss the size of a minarure petifour. It was ridiculous.  My friends had to laugh at the size of this dessert.  I really have to wonder if it's just me that experienced this over priced small portion place or have others had this happen to them.  $21 and i left hungry and unhappy.Love the ambience of this place,  I came for lunch and to complete some homework.  The tea was delicious and the salad tasted amazing and very fresh.  There is a great variety on the menu and very chill vibes happening here.  The service was also great and fast!It's my third time at Fatoush, and it's a nice cafe to get some work done. Pretty empty inside, leaving me my choice of tables. WiFi is free, unprotected, so that's nice. Couches nice; tables clean; coffee delicious.
My only issue is with the food - I'm not a fan. I've had a falafal sandwich and it proved to be really dry. There is one woman who works the counter who gives off a weird vibe, and another who is pretty aloof. My only thought is - this city is too great to eat bad food and get poor service. I'll be back for coffee, but probably never again for food.This place can best be described as "meh". I could take or leave it. The staff is up and down (sometimes I get excellent service, sometimes the person is really short and rude). The food is nothing to get excited about. I think the best part is the coffee and tea.Just had lunch. There was only one other customer besides the two of us right at noon. But our order took 40 minutes to prepare. The only explanation is that they had a single to go order with 13 orders. But it is prime noon time and even with that one order there was no excuse for the extreme delay. Also, they didn't tell us about being overwhelmed with a single take out order until after 30 minutes. Had they told us when we ordered we'd simply have gone elsewhere.
I had the lamb kabob. The lamb was flavorless and extremely tough, not much of it The rice pilaf was just white rice, no spices or other ingredients and very bland. It didn't even seem like they added salt to cook the rice. Likewise the lettuce had some salad dressing on it but it was flavorless oil for the most part. And the tzatziki was very watery and again totally lacking in flavor. The tomatoes were OK but they were just sliced tomatoes.
My wife had the moussaka which was OK but mostly by virtue of the flavor of the beef in it. Her bulgur pilaf had some onions and other items in it but once again it was totally bland and virtually flavorless. All ingredients seemed fresh but the meal had nothing going for it in terms of flavor. I think maybe serving coffee and such is their speciality. Oh, and since you had to pay by credit card in advance of receiving your meal we did our usual 20% tip. Given that we bussed our own table, got our own silverware and napkins and poured our own water the service consisted solely of telling us our meal was going to be late after 30 minutes had already gone by and carrying our plates over to us. I was tempted to ask for a refund of the tip but decided we'd simply move on to something a bit better in the future. Lots of good Middle Eastern restaurants in town but Fatoush isn't one of them based on our experience.Writing this review as a place to get coffee and do some writing/studying or have a meeting.  Great coffee (with one free refill) and just the right level of quiet/conversation.  Plenty of tables, so no pressure against staying for several hours and working on a story or drawing, etc.  There is a large table that seats 8-10 people, which is great for meetings.  Also, for starving Bohemian writers/artists: while much of the menu is a bit pricey, you can get an order of fresh-baked Turkish bread with Tzatziki or sun-dried tomato dip for $2-- delicious!Nice space to hang out in and food was ok. Guy at counter was polite but aloof. I personally did not feel comfortable asking him questions about ingredients he seemed easily annoyed. 
Lots of grease in the veggies but the place is so clean I did not get grossed out or anything. (I know that's not a technical term but you know what I mean) Not crazy about their falafels and I usually LOVE any falafel. These were like rocks on the outside and not much good stuff on the inside.. I didn't even finish them but I like the wheat bread they serve. 
My BIGGEST complaint is the juice, they ADD WATER! Unbelievable. I juice daily and go to juice bars all over the country, never have I had someone cheat and add water. I had to ask why it tasted just like water, they quickly fessed up but I'll never order the juice if that is how  they are going to continue. I also like to see my juice being made to order, not sent out from the back.  
I went twice, and would go again because we need to support places that are super clean and offer vegan items as much as possible but I would not call this a health/healing food operation. It's middle eastern food that offers some organic vegan options. Hope to see that part of it grow or The Healing Center put a real health food restaurant in. I'm sure it would do quite well.I went in to grab a quick cup of coffee on my way into work because I always see the sign saying "Coffee" when I'm driving down St. Claud and figured I'd give them a shot.
The coffee was beyond extremely hot and it took nearly 30 minutes to get down to a temperature that was comfortable to drink... I drink 2-3 cups of coffee a day so I understand what's properly hot and what's scalding.  It tasted like any old regular canned coffee that you would get off the shelf at Walmart.  Not worth the premium price of a place advertising their coffee.
I normally go to Coast Roast in St. Roch on my way into work if I'm in need of a cup of coffee and I will continue to do so.
The only thing that salvaged the stop was the muffin that I got... It was pretty good.Way good. Glad to get some vegetables and whatnot. Vegetarian wrap was great, nice and grilled. Came with some hummus. Vegan goodness. They have some excellent juice. 
Only bad thing was it took about a half hour for my meal. But I guess the south is slower. I'm okay with that.Their kitchen cannot handle large parties, nor their customers with a party of 5 who are seated right after a party of 14.  Our drinks, complimentary bread and appetizer were brought out relatively quickly, however, despite our 8pm arrival, our dinner was not brought to the table until 9:45.  We were dining with our 5, 8 and 10 year old daughters, whom, by the time the food **finally** came out, were too tired to eat anything.  The whole experience was terrible, the least they could have done was comp our appetizer, or maybe my boyfriend and I's 2 glasses of wine, but not only did they not offer that, they offered no real apologies either, simply stating that there was a big table ahead of us and that was just how it worked.  I wrote a note on my receipt explaining to the waitress why I left her only a 10% tip (I am a constant 20% tipper, more if the experience is awesome) but I felt like she only did half her job.  She needed to be the liaison between us and the management and make sure we left the table happy.  I made it very clear that we were unhappy, asked her numerous times when the food would be coming out.  She didn't even offer to bring more bread, or offer up another appetizer while we waited.
If I could give it 1.5 stars, I would, but only because the food was good.
They brought this awesome bread to the table with a sundried tomato and olive oil dipping sauce, very good amuse bouche.  We started out with the Grilled Halloumi.  This was presented as 4 filets of cheese grilled, served with pickle spears over some lettuce with balsamic dressing.  I would give this dish a 4/5...very good. For an entree, I had the Beef Mousaka.  This was very good, 5/5.  I also tried my companion's Eggplant Karniyarik,  very good also...4.5/5.  
Bottom line, get your food to go.Update. The food is divine! The people are happier to answer questions and help you out while more knowledgeable about their food. I love the new vegan options creamy soups and vegan moussaka . I think the improvements are so helpful and appreciated a lot. I love going there now. Still wish the juice was organic and I think they still add water. Guess they were off to a rough start but they seem to get it just right now!The bread, I love the bread on the sandwiches. It's got all those air bubbles and is similar to the bread they serve at the Courtyard Grill.
I dig the atmosphere and the Co-op as a whole. I recommend it if you're in the neighborhood.I think they have the best flavors in the city. Nice spices, well roasted meats, great breads and wraps. Love the potatoes and hummus.  Great healthful juices as well.My fiance and I ended up eating here by accident because we couldn't find another restaurant we were looking for.  We were SO GLAD we did!  As soon as we sat down, we were handed menus and waters, and then just a second later, delicious bread with a side of olive oil infused with sun-dried tomatoes.  SO DELICIOUS!  Hubby-to-be ordered a salad with gyro (he loved it) and my vegetarian self ordered (you guessed it) the vegetarian appetizer platter.  Everything was so tasty!  
You can tell a lot of time was spent deciding on flavors for the appetizers and entrees!  Also, the staff was super pleasant and there is a nice coffee shop attached if you want some lower priced options.... (we paid about $27 for our two meals (including tax), not including drinks (we had water) or gratuity-- not that pricey but we are a bit thrifty).  
***If you want a date night: go on a Thursday and then wander over to Cafe Istanbul (also in the Healing Arts Center) to hear BEAUTIFUL live music!  (Or if you are super busy and need to bundle excursions, you can hit up the Food Co-op after dinner to make groceries instead!)Authentic Taste.
Wraps & Burgers are great too.3/5 plain food, good service.
so the service here is friendly and prompt. i just got something pretty basic for a late dinner, but then the food came out like it was from yesterday. the potatoes were like little rocks (not exaggerating), and couldn't be pierced by either fork or knife. i had ordered a wrap and when i opened my to-go box found they made it a sandwich instead, which okay wouldn't be a big deal if the bread was just a little less stale and the meat a little less dry. 
overall i got the glimpse of what may be great lunch options, but i wouldn't reattempt in the evenings.The İmam bayıldı was SO GOOD! I was worried it was going to be really oily and heavy, and while it looked like it had a bit of oil, I finished the whole thing and didn't feel too full. It falls second only to my grandmother's recipe.
One thing I noticed that baffled me was that almost everyone else eating there was ordering super American dishes like chicken sandwiches. This is the ONLY authentic Turkish food that I've found in New Orleans, y'all. Put your culture pants on and eat something really awesome!
I LOVE that they have complementary Turkish tea. And the Turkish coffee is great compared to Mona's which was completely inedible. 
I like the casual, bistro-type atmosphere during the day. There are always people there working on their computers or playing chess or reading. It would be nice if they had table service at dinner though.
Overall, great food. I can't wait to go back and bring my friends.I have eaten at Fatoush two more times since my last review. The gyro I had was simply not to my liking. At first I thought it was rotten, but I had a friend taste it and he thought it was okay. The meat was a disconcertingly lukewarm temperature, as in, "Left out on the counter all day," not as if it had been heated and simply cooled off. The yogurt sauce was not what I'm accustomed to. I was, perhaps incorrectly, expecting a "Mona's" type yogurt sauce - garlicky with flecks of cucumber. Fatoush's yogurt sauce was sour and tangy and altogether the sandwich's flavor was unbalanced. The potatoes were inedible, hard as rocks. Good thing I was already pretty full from the delicious bread and oil that they bring out before the meal, because I was not able to eat more than two bites of each.
Now, on my more recent visit, the food was mostly superb. I ordered the lamb shank, which came with grilled eggplant and a salad. The eggplant was quite possibly the most delicious morsel I have ever put in my mouth. Too bad there were only two thin half-ovals. I could make a meal just of the grilled eggplant, it was that divine. The lamb shank was tender, not too fatty, and perfectly cooked, with a nice au jus. The bulgur was yummy as usual. I can't get over how much it tastes like jambalaya.
The salad was bitter and tasteless: celery, red onion, bell pepper and tomato dressed with lemon juice. There was a single cucumber sliver that I couldn't even identify as cucumber at first because it was so bitter. The salad desperately needed some basalmic vinegar.Wow. Just left. Went to cafe was ignored at the counter by blonde hipster woman who might have been training someone but who did not even acknowledge our presence for an extended period of time. Then went to restaurant side and still did not receive service. The food might be good but I will never know.Possibly the worst meal I have had in NOLA.  I have eaten here more than once.  First time was "meh".  Second time was just bad.  I wouldnt eat here again.The food was made to order. The food was good. Then things went a little weird. A man came in and wanted to sit next to me and the entire restaurant was empty. I said it was a bit uncomfortable but he sat there anyway. Turns out he works there so that's no problem. Then, I look at the chef and she is picking her teeth.  I even ordered a coffee but decided to leave because I was feeling sick after seeing her.I ate myself to happy here!  The hummus and lamb pide with sun dried tomato paste are light and refreshing.  It's simply a casual, chill hang out spot.Love the hummus here.  Coffee au lait, anything tea wise but food is lacking flavor.  Never get the potatoes as side.  Small portion and very dry.  Gyro?  Bland!  Caesar wrap?  Bitter.  For such a great menu its missing flavor...  I keep coming back and trying other things but basically?  Hummus or desserts here.  I have an addiction to the hummus.  Please figure it out...  bums me out that this is so close to home and isn't offering anything....  cept coffee hummus n desserts.Had lunch at Fatoush today with a friend.  Wow,  easily the best Middle Eastern Restaurant in the city.  The freshness and quality of  the ingredients make it a cut above.  We had stuffed grape leaves.  They serve a kind of complimentary roasted sundried tomato spread that is scrumptious.  We added it to the grape leaves, really good.
I had the shish kabab which was freshly charcoal grilled, The meat was high quality, juicy and delicious.  THe sides were shredded lettuce, bleh a delicious rice pilau and sliced tomatoes.
My friend had the gyro platter.  The meat was just cooked and it was heavenly.  An impossibly large portion, we took home more than half of it. 
We drank wine which was okay, quite a large portion.  And hot strong fresh coffee.  We were pleasantly surprised by how satisfying the food was.
We had a very sweet, and charming waitress who was knowledgable about the menu.  I hesitate to mention this because we liked her so much.  But she did disappear for long stretches.  We had to wave her down for more wine and to get the bill.  She was not really busy but the place is large and she would just disappear.  This would not be a deterrent to our returning because the food is so good and the restaurant is cleaner and more attractive than its potential competitors.  And we really did like our waitress.I'm a big fan of this place. The atmosphere is relaxed, the employees are very courteous and friendly and the food & coffee are quite tasty. 
Because this restaurant is in walking distance from my house, I've had a chance to sample a portion of the menu (disclaimer - I'm a vegetarian).
My recommendations are: the hummus (I know, I know, how extremely unoriginal...but)  because not only is it fresh & delicious but it comes with some of the best bread I've ever tasted and if you've seen my ass, you know I have tasted A LOT of bread. The Piyaz, which is a delicious cold white bean salad. The Halloumi, sliced pieces of delicious cheese grilled to optimal scrumptious-nous. And seriously, make sure you save room for the lemon-berry cake. I'm not kidding, it lures me to walk there, with a sugary siren song.There is an EXCELLENT Middle Eastern restaurant called Fatoush in the Healing Center in the Marigny just a few feet from the New Orleans FOOD CO-OP.  This place is new, clean and incredibly delicious.  There is also a coffee house at Fatoush.  On nights when the restaurant is closed, the coffee house offers a limited menu.  The food here is amazing.  It's a great place to eat and also a great place to "take-out" from.  Highly recommended.This place has a homey feel that draws me back time and again. It's the kind of place where you can order a coffee and sit for three hours and no one will say anything about it. The owners and employees are almost entirely middle-eastern and many of them seem to be family.
For some reason they have stuck with the cafe style format where they call your name when your food's ready instead of bringing it to you. This is not a big deal, obviously, but a little communication on the part of the staff could make the service a lot smoother. Order a juice and sit by the juice bar and you might find your server walking right past you with your drink, setting it on the counter twenty feet away and then calling your name for you to come pick it up. Since the juice is Fatoush's saving grace, though, it's probably worth it.
The food is where the real problem lies. A lot of it is delicious, but some of it just seems lazy. Why not serve hummus and baba ganoush with pita instead of white bread? And why price most of the entrees around $14 when they're not all that large, and not extraordinary either?
I love the vegetarian options, and if you do come here, go for the juices.Great food with great prices.  Very fresh food and service prompt.  The baklava was out of this world!  Will definitely go back!Fatoush is several things: a juice bar, coffeehouse and Middle Eastern restaurant (appreciate Kelsey G's distinction of what makes this specifically Turkish). While I haven't had their coffee (I do love me some Turkish coffee), I've had their green juice a couple times and just recently had a late lunch here. They get major points for having lunch past the 3pm mark, as I tried unsuccessfully to get lunch at two other places in the vicinity and Byrdies was closed because it was Tuesday. That said, I'm on the fence in general about Fatoush. 
Case in point: price points seem high for the type of casual cafe this seems to be. What's up with the falafel platter that costs 13.99 and app for 6.99. Seriously? Of course there aren't many Middle Eastern options in the neighborhood, so they've got you there. Uptown I could make it to Pyramids or Courtyard grill for cheap, good falafel.
I wanted a mixed mezze plate with salads, hummus and a falafel ball or two and there's nothing of the kind that I could see on the menu (however there is a steeply priced $16.99 app platter but there's no falafel on it). I ended up ordering a hummus app and a Fatoush salad. Both are generous portions. The hummus comes with a really good flatbread rather than boring pita. Regarding the salad, a pet peeve of mine is when you ask a restaurant to leave off an item, in this case feta cheese b/c it's just about the only cheese I don't care for, and they then leave off another ingredient that you actually like (olives)... And add in tons of bell peppers that aren't mentioned in the description. Serious bummer. I would have mentioned something to the waitress but she disappeared for the next ten minutes and I just said fuck it and ate around the nasty peppers. For $6.99 this salad is huge, so if I ever do eat here again, I'd definitely order it and ask them to leave out the damn peppers. 
One thing I really love here is the ginger lemon iced tea. The flavor is really incredible. I never put sugar in my iced tea, but I daresay that most sugar lovers wouldn't even need it. AND the refills are free!
On to the juice... I don't love it here. When you consider that you're paying close to 10 dollars with tax/tip for a green juice (and I'm fine with that if it's good), you'd think it would say on the menu that all veggies and fruit are organic. I can't say if they are or aren't. My other problem is the flavor. I don't know if they have set recipes or what but each time I've ordered I was not into the flavor for a different reason, too much or too little of something, and wished I would have just made the juice at home. When considering how I dread the clean up of my juicer at home, that I'd prefer to have it at home is remarkable. There was also pulp, which I know depends on the juicer, but I don't like pulp in vegetable juice. 
I feel bad writing a so-so review for a local place that seems to have good intentions with its strong community vibe, but the standoffish staff also seem to conflict with that intention. My last time here the server seemed vacant, possibly stoned, but friendly. One time I swear I waited15 minutes for juice before it was clear they never put the order in with the kitchen. The counter guy saw me standing there the whole time... I don't get it.
While I love the iced tea, and the hummus was pretty decent, as is the salad (when made correctly), I'm not sure I would come back here to eat unless it was between those annoying 3-5pm hours. Or if I were fiending for falafel to the point where I was willing to pay 6.99 for an app and 13.99 for a platter. The delivery thing might win me over too.Freshly prepared, delicious array of dishes.  Order at the counter, pay, then the food
Is brought you by the chef. The lamb shishkabob dinner was ample, served with pilaf, salad, and a bowl of yoghurt. The lamb was tender, and very reasonably priced. Wine by the glass was half price, with a good selection. A very casual, local unpretentious place, a neighborhood gem.Am I the only person who judged a place based around how tasty their sauces are?
I've eaten here about half a dozen times (actually, I've never eaten there, but I've picked up to go food) and I enjoy it. My husband and I generally get the gyro, which comes on your choice of a homemade wrap or pita. Yum. Their grape leaves are hands down my favorite in the  city. The hummus is good, but their babaganush is killer, fresh, a little smoky with a nice consistency. If you like your food a little spicier, add a squirt of their homemade Turkish hot sauce. It seems to be a oil/herb combo with some sort of olive-y base. Sounds weird, but tastes amazing!
The staff seems nice enough as well. The girls at the front are always polite, and the ladies in the back, well, as good as they cook, they don't have to be overly nice. I generally get a smile and a nod, as I remind them that my hubby is going to want cucumbers on his sandwich, and that's good enough for me!This is a neat little place in the Healing Center. I ordered the moussaka, which had eggplant, zucchini, tomato sauce, ground beef, and bechamel sauce. Nothing overly fancy, but it tasted good and was very filling. Turkish comfort food! The bread that was brought out before the meal was fantastic, it had a very nice crust and texture. It was served with flavored olive oil and we ate every bite. The price was tad bit on the high side compared to other restaurants of the same type. I think my moussaka was $13.99, for what is essentially a piece of lasagna without the noodles. The staff is very nice, and sincerely friendly and helpful.I have long been waiting for New Orleans to get a Turkish restaurant, and we finally have one. Turkish cuisine has had great influence over both Greek and Mediterranean/Mid-Easter cuisines. Fatoush is a nice little cafe in a wonderfully redeveloped space, that serves interesting takes on dishes you thought you were familiar with. It may be a bit pricey, but I discovered that the portions are larger than I would have expected them to be.Fatoush is in the Wellness Center which EVERYBODY seems to have an opinion about. Mine is that it is right across the street from my house, so politics aside I end up here from time to time. 
I had the gyro here and it was so delicious. they don't serve fries, but instead delicious roasted potatoes that earned me the moniker of "Red Bliss Kid" because I was so excited about them.  I came back a second time and got the falafel, but I can't fairly judge it because I walked for like 45 minutes before I actually ate it. (It was squishy. I hope they aren't always squishy.) The potatoes were still great. 
As far as the staff goes, they are super friendly, and even helped out a friend of mine who was visiting but couldn't get  a hold of me. They let her hangout and use the Wifi. So in my book as far as fitting in with the face of the neighborhood, nothing but friendly faces in here, so it sounds about right to me. Can't wait to try it again!We were on vacation in New Orleans and this place was near where we stayed.  As vegetarians we were happy to find a restaurant with such a veggie selection close by.  We had halloumi and a eggplant dip for appetizer.  The haloumi was so good we got another order! Really spectacular.
For dinner we had veggie Pide, the vegetarian stew and falafel sandwich. The Pide was phenomenal, perfectly cooked and very fresh.  The stew was amazing too, very nicely spiced.  The falafel was excellent, not hard at all.  Perhaps they've changed the way they cook it since previous reviewers rated it. It had a delicious cucumber garlic sauce on it and of course, it came with to die for potatoes.
We had a couple types of iced tea, all very good. Overall the vegetarian fare was wonderful!Finally decided to stop here for lunch. Ordered the vegetable wrap to go and had the falafel while I waited.  I was happy with both.  Will definitely go back. Nice atmosphere, casual - no pressure.Just tried the pesto and feta pizza-- delicious, and enough for two light eaters or one hungry one to get a satisfying lunch, for $8.99.  The new pizza specials are a nice addition to the more expensive offerings here.We travel back to St. Claude - tthe new Freret Street and also will sample Mediterranean cuisine with special emphasis on Turkish specialtties. Lcated in the beautiful renovation of formerly Universal Furniture to the New Orleans Healing Center, Fatoush occupies the ground floor on the corner of Franklin and st Claude. In tune with its location, the cuisine has many vegetarian dishes , uses specialty grades and cuts of meat, as well as a beautiful , separate juice bar  Two well appointed dining rooms supplement the dining counter as well as sidewalk eating.
The menu has both hot and cold appetizers or which our two favorites were (not)cigarette pastry rolls stuffed with feta and (cold) stuffed Bell Pepper with rice, pine nuts and currants  Then, we split an entrée as another app, LAMECHAM , Turkish pizza - with a real taste difference.
Next, I tried a soup,  EZOGELIN, grain soup with tomato base0 similar to a barley broth. It was time for entrees: GUVECH -  a hearty Vegetarian stew; ISKENDER - Beef on metal plate with a delicious tomato sauce; and, SULTAN SHRIMP, lightly grilled then cooked in claypot with olive oil, dill, served with Bulgar rice
 Although quite full, we had to taste the dessert difference of  Turkish BAKLAVA not nearly as sweet as Greek counterpart (with honey)
See full menu ink - http://www.fatoushrestaurantnola.comSuch a relief to try a "traditional Turkish" restaurant and have it actually serve traditional Turkish food. Often you see "Turkish" and get more of the Greek or Americanized dishes. Fatoush serves up lamachun, eggplant dip, and bean salads as if they were just flown in from a "lokanta" in Istanbul. 
Highly recommend stopping in and ordering a few of the plates to share among friends!Order: Cappuccino, omelet
Price: $13
Pros: Anything you want in the omelet, tons of foam on the cappucino, great place to sit
Cons: Slow service (had to remind them), quality of the espresso was good not great
Thoughts: Our first meal in NOLA was at this cool Mediterranean cafe that had an absolutely awesome atmosphere for just hanging out, doing some work, chatting with friends, and getting some food. They really did have an awesome set up for spending time in the cafe and I never felt like we were rushed to make room for others even though we were meeting for over an hour and half and didn't order a ton of food. 
The food itself was pretty good. I really liked how you could order an omelet with anything you wanted in it for no extra charge, it was awesome to get to add a ton of veggies without having to worry about end up paying for a $20 omelet. We also got a cappuccino since they were out of turkish coffee (nooooooo, I was literally so freakin sad) and sat down to wait.
The turkish coffee came out pretty quick and was good but not amazing. The foam was awesome, and there was piles of it, but once you got to the coffee itself the espresso was a little lacking on the flavor profile side. After about 15-20 minutes we still hadn't gotten our omelet so we went up to the counter and asked how it was going and it turns out they had completely forgotten about about it. After that it only took a few minutes to get the omelet out and it was delicious. It was cooked really well (not undercooked but still fluffy and not at all burnt) and stuffed full of ingredients. 
It is worth mentioning that the place was not packed at all when had the delayed service and that quite a few reviews mention the wait. Everyone there was super nice they just genuinely forgot our order. We ended up coming back for the Turkish coffee another day (and it was awesome), but I wouldn't recommend it if you are in a rush. If you've got some time to enjoy a really good meal with friends though, this was an awesome Mediterranean spot.I've been in here for coffee and for Morning Glory muffins a few times. Whoever makes those Morning Glory muffins and sends them around to all the coffee shops is my hero!! Recently I sat with my friends and had a proper meal. Not the greatest falafel I've had and I wasn't really that WOWed by what my friends got either (a gyro, the Lahmacun - a Turkish pizzetta - and the beef Mousaka dish). I also am not that crazy about the space. I don't know, I just don't get a really welcoming or even cool vibe from there. I will probably go back because it's convenient but I wish the falafel were crispier and not as dense. I do like that they have a jug of water for self serve. I really think that should be mandatory in NOLA, especially in summer. I would like to try some of the other menu items as I am a big fan of Middle Eastern food and I definitely want to check out more FALAFEL options in the area.... Suggestions!?!?I love this place! Amazing food, great customer service. Over all high vibes from the food to the people! :)
I love that it is a apart of the New Orleans Spiritual Center!
The N.O Food Co-Op is in the same complex! Win win win!Absolutely loved this place! The people are EXTREMELY friendly! The food was ok! I had a two eggs breakfast! Love the ambience! I will def return!I really wanted to like this place. I'm always looking for good middle eastern food, but the service was very very slow & the food was not great. My Gyro was dry & bland & my daughters' hamburgers were as well. All of the food was also cold by the time we got it. All of their meat is grass fed or free range, which is worth supporting, but I think it will be awhile before I'm willing to try this place again.The egg omelette and fresh baked biscuits were awesome. A little pricier than a chain restaurant, but sure worth it. You get to pick from a dozen fresh ingredients cheeses, vegetables, meats, then round off the breakfast with grits or hash browns and choice of fresh baked bread or biscuits. I recommend the honey butter biscuits. They melt in your mouth. The service was friendly.I'm not surprised to see that most of the recent reviews of this place are negative. First of all, in terms of taste/quality, as someone who is very well acquainted with Mediterranean food, the food was somewhere between mediocre and gross. Even the rice was so undercooked there were raw grains in it.
Worst of all though, this place is NOT CLEAN, and I would not suggest getting anything with their meat. I got food poisoning from the ground lamb and hadn't eaten anything else that day, so it's actually impossible that it came from anything else. When I called to inquire about a refund, the manager informed me that it was impossible to get food poisoning from lamb (?), and then hung up on me. Overall, the meal cost 33 dollars for two people, neither of us were full after the meal, and we both got sick. Never again!Stopped in for a meeting and I was surprised that this was a full service Lebanese restaurant and coffee shop. On this occasion I just had coffee and a muffin both were good but a little expensive. I really liked the menu options and everything is made fresh I will be back.it has a great atmosphere, portobello sandwich and hummus. Good place to study. Yes, go there ;-)I have been here for both lunch and breakfast and can say that somethings are always consistently great and some are... not hit or miss but more like hit or decent. So really this is a 4.5.
Consistently, no matter who was waiting on me I have had stellar service.  Not only did they not give me the snobby hipster stank eye but they also went over and above. So when I took a call and went outside, they brought me over my lunch. When I was lost about the green tea options they were able to explain, make a recommendation, and brought the tea over to smell and look at. 
Drinks have been spot on for me. The juices are delicious. They have so many teas. Loose leaf!
Like some others the food has been decent but not as great as the rest of the experiences. Falafel wrap could have used more tzasiki to me. Salad could have done with less mint. Breakfast sandwich however was delicious. 
I'm sure I will try more lunch options in the future.  When I find the one to rave about I will update my review.  In fact I'm hoping they come up with some sort of loyalty program so I don't have to feel so bad about stopping there on a regular basis.On a Saturday they were out of way too many items. From drinks to food we had to keep changing our order even after paying.