Went there last night for the first time ever, the bartender was extremely helpful. I ordered the wings, definitely in my top 3 wing spots. I've traveled all over and eaten wings religiously. The only place I know that would trump their wings is Atkins park in atlanta, they deep fry them in duck fat though. Pizza looked questionable. Im going to go back soon and try their burritos.After we got our food, we were SO surprised to see this place had 2 stars. The shrimp tacos are flavorful and the steak and cheese sandwich is AMAZING. The bartender is also so friendly, and accommodating. This place hands down deserves more than 5 stars..... 20x better than any of the 3 restaurants we tried in the French quarter.The male bartender (not sure his name) is super friendly, super knowledgeable, and... super friendly. By the looks of the place we thought it would be bad... it was seriously awesome. We got the shrimp tacos and the steak and cheese.. there are no words to describe... maybe we are just tourists and any Nola food is 10x better than what we are used to ... but it was amazing... the steak came out piping hot and each bite was like butter. The shrimp were seasoned wonderfully and just tasted awesome. This review was written only two beers in....Food was ok. Our bartender was a sweetheart but I was a little taken back by the fact that the owner or MOD came down during our meal to reprimand her for changing the music that was playing. Extremely unprofessional and tacky to yell at employees in front of customers. Other than that, it's just a hole in the wall with mediocre, quick food. Not the worst place, just don't request to change the music.We ordered some food from Favela Chic via Uber Eats and got our food with no utensils, no salsa, no napkins....nada. Tried to call the number we looked up from Google and the phone number was not operational. Just a clear cut example of a business that gives Z3R0 F's about customer service or food prep in general.I am a little confused by this place. I had asked around for somewhere to get take out, and someone directed me here. They have what looks like semi-old pizza on the bar (I didn't try that). I ordered a pizza and it took what seemed like forever. The pizza itself was just meh, we ended up giving most of it away to people on the street.No idea how the food is but the entertainment was fantastic. We had the pleasure of watching performances by several lovelies, including Jessica Champagne who was our favorite. Such passion! Let me tell you, these Queens work hard for their money in NOLA. They each performed several numbers and kept the energy level up the whole time. Keep werkin it ladies. We'll be sure to visit again next time we're in town.Really wanted tacos, but can't have onions so I requested them off. Unfortunately all the meat is cooked with onions, so I had to order pizza instead. Also wanted fries, but they don't serve fries here. The bartender made me a very good Malibu hurricane and we didn't have to pay for our drinks. Cute nice hole in the wall type placeThis is a somewhat strange venue as far as layout - there is a well lit bar and then a hallway and a more nightclub themed room and another bar behind the first one.  
The bartender was talkative and recommended food and drink and told about stories of her travels and her work at other establishments.  Talked to a few of the customers that came in and out here, and it definitely was a friendly crowd.  And later a very drunk (but still friendly) crowd.  
I had a good time here - maybe not the top notch food you might find in New Orleans but a fun place anyway.We were there Saturday night and my husband forgot his credit card. We emailed to the email in website and immediately got a response saying that he had the card and he personally delivered it to my work which is not even nearby but in the CBD. We were very impressed!! and although we were drinking a lot that night when we went there, we ordered tacos and other stuff that was pretty good and satisfied our appetite. Want to go back and watch the Drag Show. Thank you Sir for delivering the card to us!On a recent visit to New Orleans we went to Favela Chic while hanging out in the Frenchmen District & I had such a good time watching the Drag Show that was going on the night we went...the performers were awesome!!! 
There was no cover charge to get in and there are lots of tables & even couches for seating. 
There's a small stage in the front but there is only 1 ladies restroom so that line does get long. 
They do serve food at Favela Chic but I didn't have any so I can't speak to the food but for sure if you're wanting a new experience I would check out Favela Chic. 
-Rebecca outThe Dj is phenomenal, and the vibe is mad cool! I love to dance, and this is definitely my personal favorite place to go to have fun and drink really good drinks!The pizza and tacos (pineapple pork and Rick's special) were delicious! Totally unexpected find while walking down Frenchmen St. It was 1/2 block away from the band playing in the street so we could hear the music while chillin at the bar. The staff was really friendly.Amazing shrimp and pineapple quesadilla! Bartender was super friendly and the service was speedy. Definitely a great late night eats option.Tacos where tasty and decent decent-size and I wasn't drinking that night so I still could taste everything. Bartenders were funny, informative, and wierd in a hot way. I dug the raunchy drag queen show . Entertainment did a jumping split off a table onto the ground. Ouch/wtf/wowOrdered through Postmates, got my tamales delivered, and.. they're basically all dough. The pork isn't well seasoned either. It's just a sad glob of tasteless dough around sad little chunks of pork. Definitely don't recommend unless you enjoy being disappointed and underwhelmed.Favela Chic is an abolishment on Frenchman street. It's bad enough that they took the place of our beloved YUKI IZAKAYA which will live on in our hearts and memories forever (shout out to Suzi) BUT their attitude and vibe is purely RUDE, HEARTLESS AND UNCOOL. I went into the bathroom with a few friends to admire the Japanese anime wallpaper, the last Yuki memento still in the place and the waiter banged on the door screaming - GET OUT I  KNOW WHAT YOU GIRLS ARE DOING! This is Frenchman street mister, YOU GET OUT. Down with Favela (not) Chic. Long live Yuki. Needs to come back asap. Reach out if you know how to make that happen.Too bad Re poor reviews. We really enjoy their shrimp tacos. Best I've had other than in Mexico and Rio Grande Valley. My sister had beef sandwich and claimed it to be a winner. Moist, tender and flavorful. I agree, the name should be reconsidered. I don't agree that it is racist, but it is most definitely in extremely poor taste.Taking the high road by giving 2 stars.  We stopped in the bar earlier tonight because it was the least busiest in the area, by far, and we just wanted to chill.  We immediately ordered 2 total drinks... One Don Julio tequila drink and one domestic beer.  It was $15, which was actually more than another business on the street that we visited prior, where we placed the exact same order.  But not a problem at all.  30 minutes later, we ordered a 2nd round of the exact same 2 drinks.  This time, it was $20.  I tipped the bartender (manager, older gentleman with short hair cut, wearing a wrist band), then politely told him that it didn't matter, but I wanted to point out the price change.  Instead of saying, hey I accidentally charged you wrong the first time -OR- hey, I'm sorry, here's $5... he rudely snapped at me,  telling me the price was different because we ordered 3 drinks the first time.  Had he actually stopped and thought about what he was saying, he would have realized that he was saying we got 3 drinks for $15... which would further prove a $20 charge was inaccurate.  I reminded him that we only ordered 2 drinks, and he again rudely told me I was wrong, that we ordered 3 drinks, and he walked off.  Another employee said that he was "having a bad night" because they were understaffed.  There were a couple dozen people dancing when we were there, but plenty of space to belly up to the bar, with no one waiting behind, so no excuse for that behavior.  Watch your tabs... and the unnecessary attitude of the manager.  For the record, I had 2 total Michelob Ultras over a 2 hour period (after a 3 course meal) before this encounter.  Intoxication was definitely not a factor.The food is awesome. The service was shitty. Bartender didn't look like she wanted to be there and had a shitty attitude towards us. Didn't have drinks menus so you have to guess your drink and the bartender NIA didn't even offer to help us AT ALL. I would come back of she wasnts there. 
Example: they had a raspberry margarita and it didn't taste right. Didn't drink it at all. Asked her kinda for a regular margarita and was just a jerk about it. And charged me for the drink I didn't even drink! So horrible. 
With all the restaurants on the block you could totally go somewhere where you feel welcomed. 
Again the bartender name was NIA.
So disappointed.Really really really awful place. Very inauthentic and gross. Mushy everything, cold, and tasteless. The hot sauce is not at all what you expect. Not for Mexican food. It's almost like bootleg Taco Bell. The soda tasted funny too! They have 20oz plastic bottled sodas that taste like they've been on a shelf for YEARS. Asked for salsa verde and got some weird giant squishy onion and bell pepper thing. They do have BIG portions so I guess thats ok? I really haven't had such bad food in a long time. I could be drunk and not want to eat here lol. Go to dat dog instead!Food was sub par, not very flavorful. The bartender was really rude, condescending, and weird. All of our food came out at different times, half us us were finished with our food before the others in our group got their food. Ridiculous wait. Overall disappointed in the visit, definitely the only place in New Orleans I've visited with bad customer service so far. The only reason I didn't give one star was because the live music was great!Favela Chic is fantastic. We live in Jersey City (just outside of NYC) and the pizza is just as good (if not better than) what we get in New York City--the crust is well-seasoned and not too think nor thin. The food is all homemade by a Brazilian couple and it's clear they put a lot of time and effort into making the cuisine special. It's the perfect place to stumble into after you take in the live music scene. Highly recommend!Amazing food with a great atmosphere! Try the crawfish tacos and the Bourbon Peach Lemonade.What a gem. Full bar, great food, great service. 
Mike, bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. 
The pork and crawfish tacos were amazing. The hot sauce was bomb!! Live band was good as wellDo yourself a favor and stay away from this misery. Came in because they had the kitchen rolling late night. Ordered wings and was told they didn't have enough to accommodate our order, asked for a pizza to reciprocate as we had already paid. The owner refused as the price difference was $4, I tried to have a conversation as to how customer service works, especially considering they could not offer their full menu items, ya the owner could care less charged me to replace the items we had already paid for. Please someone educate this horrible woman on how to treat customers......or just fire this terrible person and your business may have a chance to survive. If this is your business, damn the worst restaurant manager I ever worked for had 1000% better customer service approach than this terrible human.This is probably my least favorite place in all of New Orleans. This review is long overdue but came here on a not very busy night and had HORRIBLE service. Actually, horrible doesn't even come close to describing it but this place isn't worth the extra brain power it would take for me to truly describe the bad experience I had here. Bartender was not attentive at all and ignored me after I ordered my drink. He went to the other side of the bar and then never came back...and never gave me my drink...and there were maybe only 5 other people there. Not to mention their food is subpar to say the least. You're better off buying food off the street from the woman making corn and sausage...at least she has decent customer service.Good music. Fried chicken is amazing.    The pineapple pork tacos are delicious.  If you want quick food try this place.DO.NOT.GO.HERE. There was a nasty, extremely long pubic hair found in my pizza (stale, flavorless pizza). The owner is a dick too. AVOID!Holy tamale! The tamales here are AH-MAZ-ING!
I've eaten a lot of tamales, this one is worthy of possibly "best" to describe the quality. I came for the drag show and left with a belly full of tamale.I literally came here to grab a slice of pizza while we were on Frenchmen st. It was the only place that was quick fast and didn't have a wait. Pizza was just ok. Something quick and greasy for while we were out drinking.Service is the worst ever!! We asked for burrito without cheese and they brought us with cheese we needed to wait again for a new one.. then the girl brought us the burrito without the gucamulle.. she always asked if everything is ok but no everything was not
Bad service, dry food, dirty restroom...
Will never come back!!!Favela  Chic is an open space local bar with decent food and folding chairs that offers the opportunity to hear local bands playing in different genres of music. I popped in while I was wandering around Frenchman's Street, grabbed a drink in the unadorned space save for a couple murals and enjoyed the music. Not the best ambience  but the food looked good and except for tipping the band since there is no cover in many of the bars  in NOLA, spent an enjoyable hour before I moved on to another club.My friend was drunk and I was not. Like a beacon in the night she spotted the sign that said pizza. I was like no girl, we can go to Buffa's, we don't need this late night Frenchman nonsense. But it was 4am and she needed cheese, what can you do? I think we paid $4 per slice or something absolutely ridiculous. I'm a New Yorker, a slice of pizza costs a subway fare ($2.75) and tastes like heaven. 
But, considering how awful it could have been, this was serviceable drunk late night pizza. The pepperoni was good quality, and the cheese didn't suck. The crust was way off and the sauce needs work (it's not Pizza Delicious), but overall this was solid.DONT DO IT! Employees don't know the diff between corn and flour tortillas. I was rushed to pay a check after BARELY placing my order. Prepaid for a ticket that I didn't need to get in. Taco Bell with salsa music would've been more worth it. Spend your money almost anywhere else in New Orleans. Port of Call down the street is great. Bourbon Heat in the quarter is awesome. Get drunk and play salsa music on your phone and dance in the fcuking street. Way more worth it. Avoid this place now. Thank me later. This place is TRASH.Amazing spot! Music on point! Friendly crowd! I would come back to this spot FORSURE! We went on a Tuesday, they had old school R&B and people in the crowd could get up on stage and lip sing with the song, which was really fun! And they had $3 margaritas that were amazing!everyone loves frenchmen st. everyone hates Favela Chic. Look, you might think those are good reviews written about the place. Actually, they outsource bots to write generic good reviews about them. We ordered hot wings, pizza, 2 beers and a redbull. the pizza slice "came out" right away; however, the waiter told us that hot wings would be read in 9 minutes. 30 minutes later we are sitting at the bar and we have not received the beer, red bull or hot wings; when we bring this to the waiter's attention he does nothing but smile and question us. We had to ASK HIM to refund us for all the items he never brought out and all he could say was they dont give partial refunds. After NEGOTIATING he agreed to refund us for everything except the hot wings...except he should have only charged us for the pizza considering that was the ONLY thing that came out and on time. When the "hot wings" did finally come out they were plain wings with a packet of hot sauce. We understand everybody makes mistakes and we would have been fine if the waiter had just apologized and offered to refund us for all the items he did not bring out but instead we had to argue with him about it. DO NOT COME HERE. It is a huge waste of time and money.Went there tonight for Halloween.  They have three rooms one was a big dance hall (DJ tonight), one was a smaller room with a drag show and the third was the one with the food.  I live in New Orleans so I get to visit many of the venues.  I was out with friends and they wanted to try this place.  The atmosphere was good with a good mix of tunes but it got so crowded fast that you couldn't dance or stand in the big room or small food room.  The third room was running a drag show so they had everyone pushed to the sides.  After a few drinks, I went up to the bar to get water for my friend who was needing it and even though I had a dollar out to tip for water they told me that water cost $3 because it was policy to only sell bottled water.  I explaining that we had had several (more than 4) drinks there and that my friend was really needing water but the woman said it was managers policy.  Not cool to not give out water to customers who are drinking in my opinion.  I wanted my friend to be safe and I ended up buying her a water but I'll never go there again.my girlfriend and I travel to New Orleans often to relax and have a little fun. over the last 4 times I've been dying to try this place. this past Monday night (1/15/18) we finally made it for the first time. we walked in I sat at the bar and immediately began looking at the menu. My girlfriend asked where the restroom was and the  bartender (short blonde girl who never introduced herself) in a very condensing tone said "bathrooms are for customers only." at this point, I explained we had every intention of ordering food. she then said "it's right there" in the rudest way possible. we both had some choice words for her and we apologized for that, however this girls attitude singlehandedly ruined my experience at this establishment.  Ill never get to try the crawfish tacos I been dying for almost a year to eat all due to her horrible service. I tried calling and speaking to a manager no one answers the number provided on Google. wish I could give no starsWe are staying next door at the 519 and took a chance this restaurant and bar would be ok for a light dinner. Far beyond expectations, the pizza and shrimp tacos were the best ever, and the service was outstanding. It is our new favorite lace in the Big Easy.Great place to go for a fun time out. The local drag show here is worth every penny even though it's free. They work their asses off and it shows.I liked this place. Just a stripped down music hall style bar, no frills. The kinda place I could see myself going to a lot of I lived here. 
The band was led by a trumpet and was a classic jazz band, great!!! We only stopped in for a couple drinks as we tripped along Frenchmen for a night, so we didn't try the food but definitely would when we make it back. 
An important piece to the puzzle that is a night on Frenchmen.Their steak tacos are good but a recent visit has deterred me from visiting again. Whoever was behind the bar taking orders was rude and acted as though I wasn't present. After multiple walks back and forth in front of me, I left. Keep ya tacos!First night in   NOLA, you know it's an ok spot if there are locals... and there were plenty. Full bar, excellent music and decent crawfish tacos. It's like the ocean wrapped in a corn tortilla, or actually TWO corn tortillas with cheese in between! Think, quesadilla meets seafood taco. This was honestly my first experience with crawfish, and it definitely wasn't what I expected, but in a good way. The "hot sauce" wasn't necessarily HOT, but it did have a great flavor profile with just the right amount of vinegar. All in all, it was a great local spot.The sound of live music drew my group into the bar while we were bar hopping through Frenchman Street this past Saturday night. We were shocked to find it as empty as it was but attributed it to it being so early (we were there around 9pm) because the music was AMAZING - the lead singer's voice was heavenly and she included the crowd in every song she sang. It made it hard not to be on the dance floor busting out some moves. We didn't eat any of the food they offered but they had pizza by the slice that we saw on the bar. Drinks were good and decently priced - overall a great experience and 100% made by the music we heard.The food is great, the customer service is awesome. They have small dishes and good beer on tap. Pizza is the most popular item. 
Music all around the area as well. Give a shot when visiting the NOLA.Finally get waited on an am told it's too late to order food.  
The music is too loud and the televisions are tacky. 
The quesadillas are usually great when there's a bartender to take your order. One time my pineapple pork was only pork. 
The pizza is decent if drunk. Otherwise bland and disappointing.I'm not sure how I've never stopped to get a slice of pizza from this place. I've walked past so many times while hanging on Frenchman St. and never thought to stop in. Well I can tell you this will be my pizza stop when I'm in the area from now on. The pizza is $4 a slice but it's more like 2 slices. It's super cheesy and the cheese pulls apart from the pizza just like it does on pizza commercial. It's no frills to this place order your pizza at the walk up counter or order wings and other things from the bar.Go anywhere in New Orleans except this place. I had to rate it, so I gave it one star. If I could rate it -5 stars, I would. The waitstaff is horrible and don't rush to take your order. They give you your $10 drink in a pint sized Dixie Cup with 80% chaser. The food was horrible. When I asked the waitress if I could get something in place of my extremely dry and no taste Rueben Sandwich, she told me i could get something else, but I still had to pay for the sandwich too. I had to pay for the food that I didn't eat and something else (at another place) because I was still starving. She said that they only issue refunds for "a legitimate reason" for the food being bad. My corned beef being beef jerky was not one of those reasons. They will rob you blind in this place and I hope they shut it down soon, like the other spots around Frenchman told me is about to happen.This bar takes advantage of people. They tried their best to triple charge me for drinks. I'm glad I was sober enough to call them on their lies and demand a refund. I asked for a rum&coke and a gin&tonic and they charged for two doubles of their top shelf liquor. I spend 20 minutes trying to get my money back and missed a Mardi Gras parade. Avoid this place.On Frenchman. Big place. Got some drinks and looked at the menu. 
You never know in tourist areas if food is any good. Looking at the menu... pizza, salads, tacos, burritos???? 
Iffy. Sketchy? 
Talked to an employee who recommended food and told us where the Brazilian chef worked before, which made us comfortable to order. 
I had a taco salad bowl and Honduran tamale. Babycakes had 3 tacos.
The Honduran Tamale is wrapped in banana leaf. Different from Mexican tamales. Usually more masa, less meat. This had more masa, but a lot of pork inside. The creamy salsa verde was really HOT! The tamale was great, along with the Pico de Gallo and hominy, or rice? that it comes with. 
The beef taco salad was Awesome!! Except for the shell, which I'm guessing is a premade, baked shell. NOT GOOD!! The beef in it was not ground, it was chunks. GREAT!! NOT dry, Flavorful, mixed with lettuce, tomato, etc... with more salsa verde made it super... 
I tried Babycakes tacos, and the Chicken and beef were good. She did not like the pork and pineapple (it was passable to me). Prices on alcohol were kind of high, but it's Frenchman St. 
Only ONE washroom, no paper towels.We walked around Frenchmen street and were having trouble finding clubs that were open and not full. Lucikly this place wasn't too crowded. The bands were great and the drinks were reasonably priced. We didn't get to try any of the food but it was a fun environment. There were plenty of tables to sit at and a small dance floor.I'm starting to think that tacos maybe in my blood. If I don't get tacos every couple of days I think I start going through withdrawals. So I had to find a Taco spot that I liked in New Orleans. This place was it. They had good tacos, music, good service and were open late. I had the al pastor, their shrimp and steak tacos. All of them equally delicious and larger than most tacos which was greatly appreciated.  There was a night club right next door so once the food was consumed we slid into that bad boy to burn the calories off. We came back on two separate occasions. Can't go wrong with a spot like this.This place was really gross. First got seated and went to the bathroom. There was no toilet paper, had to ask for some.. they looked at me like i was crazyyy! Got some toilet paper. Went to the bathroom saw two GIANT dead cockroaches on the ground. Go back to my table not trying to be totally disgusted.... my table orders against our better judgement. Then a mouse runs underneath our table and feet. We politely tried to say we didn't want to eat there anymore. The server got super pissed and said we couldn't do that and he was going to get his manager.. so I said "you know what? There are two dead cockroaches on the bathroom floor and a mouse just ran past us, so I think we can leave." And then he said "fine go", ver VERY rudely. I would not recommend this place at all. Had the serve not been so rude when we tried to politely retract our order, I would have left this off yelp. But, after being very rudely spoken to AND the filthy environment... I couldn't help myself. I feel bad for drunk people visiting the area who end up eating the food because they are intoxicated and don't realize the filthy environment.We saw an amazing Jazz band here, The Jackie Blair Project. If they have more acts like them I highly recommend this place. To top it off, the food is great and the staff is friendly. We'll definitely be back.The absolute best wings I had in NOLA. Strong drinks and the Cuban wraps are fantastic too. Great spot. Will definitely return.Great spot. I wanted to try the food because it looked and smelled so good but we were just here for drinks and music. The band was awesome. Their name easy name of the guy's happy little band or something like that lol. Very talented. Great vibes. Will visit again if I'm ever in New Orleans.Ordered some late night food from Favela Chic through Uber Eats. I ordered the pineapple pork quesarito which was excellent. Great portions for the price, while my friend ordered the chicken tacos. She was a fan of the tacos, despite the chicken being a little dry. We also ordered the mini shrimp pies, which were disappointing to say the least.
Altogether, not bad for a late night bite after a night of drinking, but could be better.Favela Chic is a go to spot on Frenchman St for fresh good food in the day or late night. They have a large menu with something for everyone. I had the 3 for $10 Beef tacos and a slice of pepperoni pizza for $4.
The service is fast and did take long considering how many people were ordering and moving around in organized chaos. There's Tvs showing spots games & music it's a festive atmosphere. 
The tacos were overstuffed deliciousness on a  flour tortilla. I added a side of guacamole $1 to complete the Thanos flavor ring lol. This was my pre drinking meal so my taste buds weren't impaired so I can tell you these are tasty fresh & great value. Especially compared to the dreadful Willie Mae's knockoff chicken Willie's across the street. I'll definitely be returningI was randomly on Frenchmen one night when I came across this place. I was craving some tacos, but I ended up with so much more than that. I saw they sold burritos and I was really hungry, so why not... right? I ordered a shrimp burrito which I included Rice mixed with red Beans, Pico de Gallo and Cheese with our choice of meat, wrap on 12" flour tortilla. It was soooo good! If your on Frenchmen you have to check out Favela Chic.This joint has live music and AMAZING tacos. As underground and word-of-mouth a place as you can get in New Orleans. Open late nights.Servers are rude and obnoxious. Don't waste your money and time on the horrible drinks an reheated food. Watch out for the two floor guys, they are the absolute worst. Come to New Orleans often, will never come back here. The music was great, which is sad. Really bad experience. Listen to the reviews. There is a reason why this is the ONLY bar on Frenchmen that isn't packed, it's service sucks. EVERY other bar on Frenchmen is better and accommodating.Stopped because I was hungry and Favela Chic was right there but man am I glad I stopped. I ordered the pineapple pork qusadilla and it was the best quesadilla I ever ate. It came with guacamole and sour cream. It was so big I couldn't finish all of it. Next time I want to try try pineapple pork burrito.I'll never order again. This was a 5 dollar taco. Which I knew what poor quality this would be when I decide to give them my money. Didn't even taste good on top of the price for the food.I had the steak and cheese sandwich with extra cheese, for an extra cost, but I think they forgot to add the extra cheese. However, they still charged me for it. It was flavorful, after I was able to add the extra cheese that I ordered and heat the sandwich back up in the oven.  Just be ready to reheat your order if you get it delivered.The place is a nice eccentric spot. It welcoming and colorful. Staff was friendly and accommodating. The food was absolutely delicious! I has the best Pulled Pork Sandwich and my daughter has Grilled Shrimp Tacos, which she loved!5% credit card fee?! This establishment doesn't even pay a 5% to Visa/Mastercard so why pass this exaggerated fee to its customers. We won't be back.The food is almost as offensive as the name. I hope they go out of business soon. I got extremely sick after eating at this horrible place.The quesorito is amazing!! So much flavor and the thing is huge. Very filling, only ate half of it. I want more but have the feeling I'll end up eating myself sickRating a one because I have to rate it. This has to be the worse experience I have ever had in NOLA. They made us pay in advance for the food right after ordering and when we started eating I can understand. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and Taco Bell would've been better. It came with no sour cream, no lettuce, no nothing. My gf ordered 3 tacos and requested onions and cilantro and they stated they didn't have onions?! She was fine and just requested for corn tortillas and they were flour the server literally said no those are corn and the manager had to come to verify that they were flour and not corn. 
Save your self time and money and do not come here!!! This place is HORRIBLE!Stopped in for beers, tacos and live music. All three hit the spot. The tacos are highly underrated-we think they are fantastic. The band that night was high quality. Sadly I cannot recall their name. I do know it was the night the Raptors beat Golden State for the Championship so that made it a little more memorable and exciting. We will go back next time on Frenchman Street.Great jazz band who created a great show and crowd gathered just for them. Not a up scale bar, infact you will feel this place inferior compared to neighboring pubs. 
They didn't had any beer on tap. Bottles cans beer for $6. Small food menu but nothing special. You can visit to have a drink and enjoy classic jazz and then hop to next pubs wit my more options.Stumbled upon Favela Chic because we were hungry late at night after a full day of walking around. The place is split up into two parts: the bar with food (tacos & pizza) and a kind of dance floor in front of a stage with live jazz. Food was definitely not worth 4 stars (dry and lowkey overpriced) but it satisfied our late-night cravings, especially that cheesesteak, and I think it paired well with listening to the jazz!After the manager handed me a slice after I paid for it fell right on the floor in the midst of the transaction. He said "yes these plates are flimsy" and wouldn't give me another one! I don't know any place so stingy. He took responsibility for the fall (flimsy plates) and then refused to pay up for it. BAD BAD BADWhat a delicious spot! 
After a long day of traveling, my boyfriend and I came here to listen to some jazz, have a drink and a bite to eat! It was recommended to us after we checked-in at our hotel. 
To drink...
He started with a sour pickle martini. Sour pickle vodka, splash of vermouth and olives. It was delicious!!! 
I had a blueberry Long Island iced tea. Don't really remember everything in it, but yummy! 
To eat we had chicken wings and crawfish mini pies. 
Let me tell you....those were the most delicious chicken wings we've ever had. Super crisp without any grease. We didn't even use the bbq sauce on the side. 
Crawfish mini pies were yummy too! Amazing flavor packed into those little pockets. 
The jazz band playing was great too. 
Vaccination card needed prior to walking in. 
5% service fee added to bill if using a credit card.It's the spot for late night pizza. In my opinion it tastes like concession stand pizza. But if you're hungry and drunk at 3am, I guess it'll do.Excellent place for music, food and cheap drinks on Frenchman. Great place to dance or just enjoy the music!Hands down the best place for chicken wings.  They don't have any fancy sauce but I say "why F up a good thing".  They are fried crispy perfection.  The bartenders are all friendly and fun!  Be nice to them they have to put up with thousands of drunk hangry people all year long.This place has a cool vibe. The live music is good. The staff is so nice... especially the bar servers. The food is pretty good. I was sooo happy to see banana leaf tamales. They were so good. I would've ordered more to go but I was still partying. If the place was cleaner, I would've given it 5 stars. They need to be more consistent with sweeping and wiping those counters down.We came here on a Wednesday night. It was wonderful. Not too crowded at 9:00 and the band was fantastic. Jazz, dancing and everyone just having a really nice time. 
We tried to go back on Friday night but it was beyond crowded and more like a club. We didn't go in, plus the streets were packed.