how beautiful.    such a romantic spot, and food looks delicious.   we will be back to eat.   today we just came in for birthday drinks.+Interesting history. 
+Relaxing and intimate atmosphere. 
+Friendly, local clientele. 
+Decent service.
+Great bread. 
+Food was unique and definitely a taste of New Orleans. 
+Very flavorful food. 
+Food was good quality. 
+It was like stepping into a time warp, very cool place!
+Great desert!Had dinner with a friend last night for his birthday and love all of the updates taking place in this gem of a restaurant,the patio bar is a must,David was super making great cocktails using the best top shell brands,good prices for happy hours 5 to 7,at 5$ for signature old classics,the patio is lush and relaxing .The main dinning room has been redesign to make it quaint and romantic,Our waiter Harrisson was very charming and accommodating to our needs and on time for serving the multi courses we had,Now to the food,the menu is small bud the choices are all very good leaving room for specials and creativity,using fresh seasonal  ingredients,for appetizers we love the liver pate' served with crostinis to smear the rich velvety liver goodness,the panna cotta with lump crabmeat,shaven sparagus ,caviar roe,delicious and creamy,good choice for the summer,cool and refreshing,my friend had the arugula salad and I had the roasted beet with orange supremes,frisse' and lemon zest.The mussels were super and not over cook leaving a broth to soak with hot bread,duck confit with fingerling potatoes very good as well,we will try desserts on my next visit and hope to see more specials,Love it and recommend it to all New Orlenians and visitors as well,Thanks for a great evening to all the staff.Our favorite spot in NOLA. We came for a romantic birthday dinner in the courtyard and ended up staying for hours. We enjoyed three courses then moved upstairs to the Parlor for cocktails and croons from Natasha and Buddha (forgive if the names are off). It was hard to leave. What a picturesque gem.We were delightfully surprised by Feelings Cafe. They have  great piano bar and court yard to hang out and enjoy a few drinks while waiting for your table.  
The dinning room is very nice and cozy with great selection of art and creative touches to please your eyes.  Once you get seated be prepared to have your taste buds wowed! They've got a great selection of vegetarian/vegan dishes along with a classic New Orleans fair.  
We had the Mushroom Boudin, Beet Salad, Crab Cakes, Soft Shell Crawfish, and the fish of the day.  All of it was fresh and bursting with flavor and spices. Ended the night with the Combination Pie which is half peanut butter pie and french silk pie, YUM!  
Combine all this with a solid wine selection and you'll have a night to remember with your loved one or good friends and family.Feeling's Cafe located in Faubourg-Marigny in the Bywater on the former D'Aunoy Plantation. The restaurant is off past the Frenchman Jazz area, but worth the cab ride there and back. I would highly suggest calling advance to confirm hours of operation and make a reservation. We did not make them because we thought it was walk in only, however one of the proprietors mentioned they take reservations online. He also mentioned a few times this restaurant is for locals.
Patrons can eat on the balcony on the weekends and the upstairs bar serves wine and light fare.
The downstairs deep wood bar area has on Friday and Saturday evenings a piano player takes requests and played a Chopin Nocturne. When we were having a cocktail at the bar, he was about to have his own scallop and salad dinner. It was fun to glance at all the knick knacks that are all quite unique.
I loved this sign. At a few other dining establishments, I have seen similar messages.. The bartender mentioned they did not have infused alcohols or anything to fancy.
The dimly lit dining room had ten to a dozen tables and unique decor including the angel sculpture and fixtures.
I really enjoyed this bread basket. Garlic and butter rubbed toasts. I could have eaten the whole thing!
I had the house salad, with Mandarin orange slices, slivered almonds, topped with a poppy seed vinaigrette for $6.00. The poppy seed vinaigrette and oranges were a great match and I will try to make this at home.
We had the Fish florentine, where the fish was fried with a light batter, served creamed spinach and topped with Hollandaise. The fish was flakey and I wiped my plate clean. $19.75
Although we did not indulge, the Peanut Butter Pie was highly recommended for $6.00. Next time.This place will give you FEELINGS but not necessarily good ones. 
We entered the restaurant and it was decorated beautifully. Great decor so the interior designer gets 5-stars. Sadly that's where all good feelings end.
The menu selection was VERY limited and there were no entrees for vegetarians. Upon asking the chef offered an option which I ordered but what arrived from the kitchen was a bland, hard cauliflower blocks that tasted like charcoal. 
The waitress, instead of apologizing and removing the plate of burnt brick, left it there for me to stare at and continue to grow disgusted that such horrible food was in front of me. When dessert came, they offered me a free dessert but I explained that I hadn't eaten dinner why would I want dessert and that instead of a free dinner I expected that my dinner be comped. (Again, any restaurant with decent service would have apologized, removed the plate and told me they were going to comp the meal, instead of me having to ask for it to be comped). 
They rest of the group felt the meat dishes to be mediocre and the service to be wanting. The wine was the best part of the meal.
The last night of our trip left a bad taste in my mouth literally. Feelings upon leaving.... Disappointment.... Anger.... and Hunger. 
There are so many excellent restaurants in New Orleans (and even half-way decent ones), sadly this is not one of them!  Spare yourself from negative feelings and find a better restaurant.After walking to a couple of  places in the Marigny which were closed on Ash Wednesday, we ended up at Feelings. I had been here twice but quite a few years ago, Both great experiences. Our friend who lives in the area, had said friends of hers had a bad experience here. But with other places closed we gave it a try. 
We walked in with a  party of 7 with no reservation. At first they said it would be quite a wait, but when we mentioned we'd be happy to sit in the courtyard, they immediately set us a table. The service was warm, friendly and very accommodating. When right before our entrees were to arrive it started to rain. They seamlessly moved us inside, as the dining room had started to empty and a few tables had opened up. Our food was delicious and we never felt rushed even though we were the last table of the night.  
So glad as I will definitely return and recommend this place to others I know traveling to New Orleans.Excellent food and perfect entertainment during our dinner.  Highly recommend!  Cozy atmosphere in the courtyard!I dined here in a small group before Katrina and was thrilled by the ambiance and the fantastic menu.  The restaurant is in an old plantation house.  The upstairs dining room had beautiful views of a courtyard and old majestic trees.  Of course, the food was great and the wait staff was quick and kind.  This place is overflowing with character.  There's a good chance you'll meet the owner while you are there.  He's a kind gentleman who will make sure you have a great experience.
I'll be sure to return.Great atmosphere and really good food. The courtyard is very nola and has a romantic setting. The food was also really good. I'll be back as this is a really nice place for a date.This was a favorite place before Katrina. We finally were able to get back to our favorite piano bar, courtyard, and restaurant recently to celebrate my 60 Birthday. They did a wonderful job including Marilyn singing and the disco ball lighting and the oversized champagne glass.A surprise for me and all of our fellow diners when the lights were dimmed in the restaurant and the music started to play. Very Nice! The food was terrific, the service exceeded our expectations, and the decor is romantic and upscale.Both times I've been here, I've been pleasantly surprised. The lighting is dim, which I suppose could be romantic, but I am a practical and blind girl, so it makes me irritable, but that is literally the only complaint I have. The food is unique and imaginative, but always great. It's always a pleasure to find good vegan meals. My husband is a carnivore and also loved his crawfish meal. 
It's a bit expensive, but we were expecting that for a romantic night out.
A tip: make a reservation.By far the best dining experience I've had in the area. Quiet and dim room, excellent service and exquisite food. I've had shrimp etouffee, pate maison, beet salad, mushroom boudin and pasta Ignatius. Everything except for the pasta was $6.50 and served with a side of crunchy and delicious baguette. 
The only thing I was disappounted about was the fact it's open only Wed-Sun, because I would happily eat here every day.On the fence about this place. I want to see it do well because the atmosphere is amazing and they offer a vegan menu, score extra points for that! Lovely bar, I can't wait to go back just to soak in the vibe, feels like a real home with a very beautiful courtyard.  I was more than comfortable I was enthralled with the place. 
On the other hand, the food was only OKAY and at that price point overpriced. Ordered the Mushroom Boudin rolled and served in a corn husk.  It was just okay. A little dry and nothing to write home about. It was only $6 and had enough to share with friends.  For dinner I had the Clemenceau aux legumes Artichokes hearts, eggplant, garden peas, brabant potatoes and mushrooms sauteed in olive oil and garlic for $18.00. It was too spicy for my tastes, ended up not being able to finish it, and constantly runny nose and eyes. Never mentioned spicy or that it had some kind of hot peppers/cayenne etc. This was not just garlic and oil as in the description but that's fine with me if it was made well. It was not bad but at $18.00 I expect more than a stir fry with conventional vegetables. Maybe organic or a special recipe. It was just spicy. Not complex, and nothing special. 
We also were bitten by bugs on our legs the entire time. A little frustrating.  Service was good but nothing to brag about. Waitress did not pay much attention to us. Also note: If you are vegan they will serve you non-vegan bread and croutons if you are not careful. You have to keep asking if everything is vegan even if you let them know in the beginning.  
I will go back for drinks, courtyard, atmosphere, location and support of vegan businesses but not for entrees. Truly beautiful atmosphere and I appreciate that. It's an excellent place for a romantic dinner.Having heard great things about the new owners, the renovation of the interior (without losing the charm of the old interior), the new chef and the "fantastic" new menu, we were pleased to learn, last Saturday night, that everything we'd heard was correct.  I had the arugula salad, and it was a very large salad indeed, which I almost managed to finish, ti was so good.  Honestly, it could easily be shared among two or three people.  For my main course, I had the oxtail gnocchi.  Again I was pleased that it was a healthy serving, because it was absolutely delicious:  the slow braised oxtail was tender, rich, meaty, full of umami, the good kind.  Sweet husband loved the roasted corn panna cotta with crab, caviar, shaved asparagus and nasturtiums (even ate his nasturtium). The cauliflower veloute was a great starter.  The location is a bit out of the way, and that's probably good, because you'll have a better chance getting in on a weekend night when the Quarter is full to overflowing.The ambiance here was incredible, with good and drink to match. When we arrived on a Thursday, someone was playing the classic upright piano tucked away in the bar area. Our bartender obliged our very particular mixed drink choices and nailed every one of then. We had dinner in the courtyard downstairs. I tried several dishes and wasn't disappointed by any. I can't wait to return!Came here for dinner. Sat inside. Service was fine. Food was overpriced and bland. Fish was clearly not fresh. Fried eggplant tasted like it came out of a frozen box.  Menu was uninspired, except for the vegetarian options.Feelings cafe was recommended by a friend whose taste i trust and i was very pleased i finally experienced this hidden treasure in the historic Faubourg Marigny of New Orleans.  When you walk into this once plantation house turned restaurant the gas lamps outside immediately transport you back in time, it's as though time slowed down, you then notice the dim lights, elegant piano bar, and the most beautifully tranquil atmosphere, even the ceiling fans are rotating at the most natural and soothing rates just so you can inhale the 'feeling'.   If you dine upstairs there are lush courtyard views and surrounding banana trees.  Just as Feelings cafe masters a tranquil atmosphere, they also master a beautiful menu that is more authentic french than new orleans french/ creole.  The gulf fish Nicolas, Pork Tenderloin, and their signature Veal D'Aunoy w/ hollandaise is superb.  There are a few steak options with blue cheese or peppercorn reductions for $25- that's good value! Their wine list is impressive and mainly french or california origins.  Their signature French silk or all-American peanut butter pies are made in house and have an unforgettably smooth texture and sweet, crumbly pie crust.  Prices are reasonable and the setting is unparalleled!Sigh. I am really bummed about my experience at Feelings. So bummed, that I don't even want to write a review, however, I feel like I need to let other people know what happened!
We got reservations for Valentine's day weekend, on Sunday. The place is gorgeous and we were met at the door by a friendly person who seated us immediately. The dining room was nearly full, but not cramped. We sat down and started checking on the menu. Both our hearts sank. The vegan/vegetarian options we had heard so much about and had seen online were nowhere to be found! We waited almost 10 minutes before someone came back around again, and this person (let me note that throughout our visit, we were never sure who our waiter was.) said that they were out of most of the vegetarian food. A few minutes later, someone else came back with a full menu, with all the options we had seen on the website! He stated that they were out of a lot of items, because they had gotten "slammed" that weekend.
So, we ordered the soup of the day (mushroom), fried artichokes, corn + mirlton salad, mushroom boudin, quinoa cakes, and the tofu entree. I was pretty excited, because it is SO rare to find fine dining that actually tried to cater to veggies such as ourselves! We waited about 20 minutes before his soup came out, along with the fried artichokes. He enjoyed both. We waited about 20 more minutes and the food started trickling out. The man bringing out our food said he was "getting us what he could" because the kitchen was so busy (that's my assumption).
We dug into the mirlton and corn salad, which was pretty looking, had an interesting flavor, and tasted like nothing else I had ever had. We waited another 15 minutes after we finshed that, and the mushroom boudin came out. I could see where they were trying to go with it, and it had a good flavor, but was overall bland. By this time, I was so hungry and fairy anxious that my Valentine's night had been ruined. 
Finally, the quinoa cakes and tofu entree came out. The quinoa cakes were really delicious, but a little flaky. They were my favorite thing out of the whole meal. The tofu dish, on the other hand, was absolutely disgusting. The lentils were still super crunchy because they were undercooked, the asparagus was still raw, and the tofu was not marinated in anything. It was piping hot, but still rubbery, as if the kitchen had just taken it out of the package 5 minutes prior. We were still starving, so I tried hard to eat it and enjoy it. I couldn't. I am still astonished that this meal was served. We left as quickly as we could.
 I didn't want to complain because the staff already seemed like they were having the night from hell (they were going around to other tables and apologizing)... At that point in time, I was so upset and worried that our attempt at a romantic evening had been destroyed. I just wanted to get to our next destination and forget the whole experience.
I give the owner kudos for trying to feed vegans and vegetarians. New Orleans isn't exactly welcoming to herbivores. However, I feel that the chef and kitchen staff need more training on how to properly prepare the dishes. The ideas behind the menu are well developed and sound delicious, but the execution was so weak that I felt insulted.Excellent by every measure. The new ownership has made Feelings once again a destination experience. We enjoyed the August 'Coolinary' dinner (beet salad, sautéed redfish, cheesecake, wine)---all delicious. Then to the upstairs lounge for some nice music and drinks. All in all a fun night in a great place and atmosphere.We were drawn to Feelings Cafe by chance while walking through the neighborhood. I was in love with the building and amused by the somewhat unfortunate name (henceforth known as "Eating My Feelings Cafe"). Our crew of vegetarians took one gander at the highly vegetarian and vegan friendly specials menu and made it a point to return for dinner. We were so so so glad that we did! I had the beet salad, quinoa cakes, and kale salad - each was absolutely delicious. My friends got the entree combo special and it was so delicious, we were trying to find ways to lick the plates without being asked to leave. Though stuffed, I REALLY wanted a piece of that peanut butter pie, and it did not disappoint. Ambiance-wise, this place is romantic as it gets; perfect for a tryst with a peanut butter pie slice and/or eating your feelings.Welcome to Feelings Cafe, home of the tiniest servings in the world. Okay, not quite, but the servings were pretty small.
We got here on a Friday night and didn't have a reservation. The place was pretty packed, but we were lead upstairs and told the wait would be 30 minutes. We were seated before the bartender even had a chance to give us our drinks, so that was great.
The upstairs area is pretty dark. I would call it "cozy" if I wasn't trying to read a menu by a tiny candle, like this is the olden days. We decided to start with the chicken liver mousse, because that sounded just divine. A really generous portion came with some bread rounds. It wasn't long before the rounds were gone and I was going after the remaining mousses with my fork. Hey, all's fair in love and liver.
For my entree I decided to get the drum, which came on a bed of spinach. The food came pretty quickly, and I'm not gonna lie y'all: this was a little baby portion of drum and spinach. I KNOW that it was probably what most people would call a "fair" amount of food, but I'm HUNGRY! I like to eat! And for $17 you better give me more than just 4 or 5 (yes, I counted) bites of delicious drum! That's another thing: the food was really good! So good that I wanted more of it!  "But Marielle, the picture you posted looks like a reasonable portion." "Lay off me, I'm starving!"
I should have read the reviews; more than one person mentioned the small portions. Oh well, I guess you live and learn. I would probably go back, but I would go in knowing what to expect and I would probably stop at apps and drinks.The courtyard bar and upstairs parlor lounge are so quaint and perfect. Courtyard dining is fabulous and inside dining room is very nice. The food is fantastic and the staff is so attentive and nice. Awesome gem in New Orleans.After years of wanting to try Feelings Cafe, I was left totally disappointed after my meal Saturday night (12/4/10). I had always heard great things about this restaurant and was excited to have a romantic birthday dinner there. Eh, I guess the very dim lighting was somewhat romantic, but the food surely disappointed.
Bread--Gross. Crunchy bread crisps instead of fresh, soft bread.
Cocktails: Mine was okay, but, bartenders should know that you don't put a lime in a sidecar.
Meal: Bad. My pate appetizer tasted fine, but it seemed more like I was eating boudin, not smooth pate. My duck was overcooked, but the orange sauce was very good. My companion's fish was cooked very well, but the mango chutney was extremely overpowering, and the fish was served alone next to three pieces of asparagus, not even over a bed of rice.
I'm glad I got my need to go out of my system, and I definitely won't go back.A little bit off the beaten path, "Feelings" cafe was certainly a nice find. Its location is not perfect but it's  close enough  to the French Quarter to feel like you haven't abandoned it altogether. Once you're past the relatively plain exterior, you step into a cosy little place that has the same "feel" (for lack of a better word) that you from some of the places in the heart of the Quarter. The bar is small, but well stocked.  The bartender was friendly and very accomodating. There is an upright piano jammed in at the end of the bar whose back open up into an intimate courtyard area adjacent to the bar - which made for some nice atmosphere. One other thing about the bar - loved the Elvis lampstand. Reminded me of the "major award" in the "Christmas Story", in terms of its priceless kitsch-ness (if you'll allow me a made up word temporarily!). 
The main dining area was also intimate, warmly lit, with a dressed up, but not over the top decor. Our waitress was timely, knew the menu well, and could "sell it" without being too pushy. Fried eggplant strip appetizer was very nice. Miniature french bread slices were very more-ish. Main meal was "Gulf Fish Nicholas". Fish brushed with Dijon mustard, on a bed of creamed spinach.  It was all good, and yet none of it was amazing - still, very tasty and certainly worth a return trip or two. Just hanging out in the piano bar/courtyard would be worth it. Prices were what you might expect, but portion sizes could have been a little more generous. Specialty coffees also good but nothing out of the ordinary in the end. 
All in all, a nice evening, and one worth repeating. Overall score: B-Very much out of the touristy area--def a plus...in NOLA for an anniversary weekend/convention.  Went b/c it was described as "romantic".  Would NOT characterize it that way.  I would say cluttered NOLA chic.  We sat in front room and there was a large noisy party in there --not the fault of the restaurant but def didn't help with the romantic aspect.  Having said that--loved the food -- from the delicious garlic toast (we had to keep ourselves from finishing the basket) to the fact that they could actually make my fave drink of all time -- apricot sour which almost no one can any more to the generous dirty martini for husband, it was a great experience.  The food was understated, but grew on you as you experienced it.  Roasted beet salad + pork tenderloin +husband's quinoa and chanterelle soup and fish of the day --were all deliciously prepared.  Help getting a cab at the end (they even came out to check to see if the cab had come yet) was a plus.  Recommend the experience highly.Excellent food, top notch service, beautiful atmosphere. Yes, it has an unfortunate name, but it's only a small detail and no reflection on a wonderful experience. The owner treats his guests with true Southern hospitality. It felt like having dinner in a good friend's home.This is quite a cozy romantic gem in the quaint neighborhood of the Marigny.  I've been twice in the past  couple  of months and i think I'm going to make it my "go to" spot.  The first time I sat  in the courtyard on a beautiful night and last  night in the beautiful dining room in the corner looking out the window. ..a very rainy evening made it even more perfect! (I love The rain! )  The service was very pleasant and the food is truly delicious.  We started with salads. ..mine the beets salad,  he had the arugala salad.  We both had the pork cheek.  So delicious I'm not sure I will ever order anything else but if i go often enough i will. Desserts were a perfect size  and wonderful pairing of flavors.  Rain or shine this is a great spot with friendly service.This was another recommendation from my host. It's a great date spot. It is very intimate and their garden area is very romantic and relaxing. The scenery and the ambiance gets an A+, I just didn't like the food.
I had the beef with bleu cheese dressing. It was alright, but I wasn't wowed by it. I regret not getting the bbq shrimp (which I guess NO bbq doesnt mean the same thing as it does to the rest of the country). The bread was alright, as was my french onion soup (but who screws that up?)
The food was alright, and it might've been nicer had I not been expecting so much, I just wasn't impressed. 
They do take care of you though, they are so far out of the way from the FQ by walking, that they called us a cab to get back there. That was nice.We came here spontaneously after having wine and cheese at Bacchanal.  The atmosphere was wonderful and the food was delicious. The owner took great care to make sure we were well taken care of.  He even offered to give a us a ride to our next destination when we asked for a cab.  I would definitely be back to try more of their food.  Best to stick with traditional drinks.Upon the recommendation of some local friends, we went to Feelings for our one week wedding anniversary. (Yeah I'm a girl and celebrate every anniversary I can).  The food, service, and atmosphere were all so perfect, that we returned our for our one year anniversary and so on.
Located on the edge of the  Faubourg Marigny, Feelings is an upscale restaurant and piano bar residing in a historic home. They have a slim bar, which faces out on the courtyard. It's a great place to have a before dinner drink and chat with some of the friendly locals, before you have dinner in their intimate dinning room. 
Of all the places that we have ate in New Orleans, Feelings is my favorite for soft shell crab. My husband and I have deal; I always order the crab and he orders something different from the last time we went. We share, and are never disappointed with either of our meals, but we fight over that crab.  
I don't know if I agree with the sentiment that it is not located in the greatest area, but we do always take a cab here. We have to actually, because after drinks, dinner, and dessert we would have to roll home. The owner must have a deal with the taxi company, or the greatest knack for cab timing, because he always has that cab there within a few moments of us leaving. He is such a charmer actually, he will stand with you outside while you wait and chat you up about the architecture and history of the town,when the taxi arrives you don't want to hop in.
I guess it's obvious from my gushing that I love Feelings..I haven't been here since the latest new owner took the reins about a year ago. But I saw the pics and not only did they hang Miami 90's looking furniture everywhere, but also paved over plantation era brick in the courtyard to make it more streamlined. Ugh. Let's hope the 3rd time is a charm and the owner recognizes the historic natural of the place and acts accordingly.I feel like I should hurry up and finish this long overdue review since Feelings is up for sale!
First OMG this spot is gorgeous, the perfect blend of casual elegance and exposed brick. The staff was uniformly lovely and went out of their way to take care of my group. 
My old fashioned, my fish dish, my salad (seasonal so probably not on the menu now) were all perfect and delicious. Seriously why was 2015 my first time eating here?!
I can see why this restaurant was named most romantic and my group of friends were certainly feeling the love...platonic naturally.My husband and I go to NOLA often. Our NOLA friends made reservations at Feeling for my birthday dinner. (Most fine dinning restaurants our friend wanted to take us are closed on Sundays) We felt like we were apart of a hidden camera show! We met a very unique woman in the bar who was with/dating Richard here's brother but she asked us not to say anything. Who cares! Once our party was seated we discovered our serves were drunk. The items we wanted were not available. We had to eat all fried foods. I just imagined a drunk chef pulling food from the freezer and throwing it across the kitchen into the fryer. The best part was when our birthday dessert came and the disco ball dropped from the ceiling as Pasty Cline and Marilyn Monroe played. I wouldn't recommend the food but the experience was priceless. I actually asked my friends if the hired actors to serve us!Tried as a last minute choice, and we are very happy we did. Excellent service, and the food is nothing short of amazing!  We are locals and highly recommend this hidden gem!I'd always heard Feelings Cafe lauded as a vegetarian and vegan oasis. Semi-fine dining with a full vegan menu was the word on the street. However, it turns out feelings is under new ownership and is no longer the vegan paradise it once was. 
I came with my lady for the August "coolinary" special. Depending on who you ask coolinary is an attempt to drum up business in the slowest summer month or a celebration of New Orleans food culture. Either way it offers deals on two to three course meals for lunch, dinner and brunch. 
We had both planned on ordering the three course meal that came with this special, unfortunately no vegetarian option was available. This came as somewhat of a surprise as I've grown accustomed to being accommodated with off menu items at most establishments in New Orleans. However, it was not a complete culinary failure as a quick glance at the menu divulged several vegetarian items. However, closer inspection revealed that the only vegetarian options were a soup and a salad, usually a vegetarian death sentence. On the plus side they were two of the cheapest dishes.
I ordered a salad, now completely unexcited. But fuck, this salad was delicious. Roasted red and yellow beets with oranges, yogurt and tarragon, a fucking winning combination. My girlfriend got the cauliflower soup as part of her three course meal and though she disliked it I devoured it. These were on par for the greatest salad and soup I've ever consumed in any dining establishment.
Christ, five paragraphs in and I haven't even mentioned the real selling point of the restaurant. The court yard is fucking amazing. A tropical paradise complete with palms, lizards and 18th century style lanterns, this is the feeling. A nice evening with great wine in a beautiful New Orleans court yard is nothing short of majestic.
All in all Feelings Cafe is an enjoyable restaurant. Though I was skeptical and a bit disappointed at first the food turned out to be exquisite. The cuisine is enhanced by a lovely staff, a fantastic building and a beautiful outdoor courtyard. If you're looking to enjoy the courtyard but don't want to spend the $30+ on a meal and drinks the happy hour specials seem to be legit and the bar is also located in the courtyard. Due to it's limited vegetarian menu I'm not sure I'll suggest going to Feelings for anything more than a drink anytime soon. However, I'd advise vegetarians to indulge their carnivorous friends who want to eat here. A good time and a good meal for all is basically guaranteed.Simply Put: One of the best restaurants in New Orleans. A great evening out.Visiting New Orleans was great and I especially loved Feelings Cafe. Shrimp étouffée was phenomenal. The service was excellent and my server Colin was attentive  and knowledgeable. All around a great experienceA Charming Ambience - Despite the Stupid Name
I almost skipped a group outing to dinner here because I thought the name of the restaurant was idiotic. Feelings Cafe?!? Really?!? But I conceded, and after dining here, I still think the name is idiotic, but everything else about Feelings Cafe is very good.
The restaurant exudes a wonderful charm. It's lived-in, homey, romantic, a bit mysterious and the steamy courtyard could inspire one to strip down to a t-shirt and start screaming "Stella!."
Service is casual and friendly. There's a nice selection of regional fare on the menu and the presentation lacks pretension. Think - heaped on the plate.
I had a salmon mousse with caviar - delicious, a house salad - rather average, and a gulf fish which was wonderful.
Once you get past the ridiculous name - you'll soak in some charm and have a good meal here.
Recommended!We went for brunch and fell in love with the restaurant. The shrimp and asiago grits were to die for and the music was wonderful especially the singer. We met the new owner and he has made some great changes to the restaurant. We will be back...Looking forward to a delicious meal off the beaten path again during my visit at the end of this month.  Never disappoints.My feelings about Feelings Cafe tend to run towards: irritation, frustration; disbelief
Thought I was being so smart & scoring a wonderful hidden gem of a restaurant for our last night in New Orleans.  Reading that they offered a whole separate vegan menu, I was ruthless in emails & calls until someone finally responded that my rezzie had been accepted
Lesson learned:  Sometimes it's best to take the hint when someone is ignorning you & just take yourself elsewhere......a lesson which was reinforced the actual night of our "dinner"
The place was a madhouse - SEVERELY understaffed & bouts of disappearing for forever, there was a huge crowd in the lobby waiting to be seated, the phone was ringing off the hook & the host was trying to help bus tables & get everything ready for the next guest
Took 30 min for our table to get ready & then another 30 min just to get their menu.  ( There are apparently not enough menus to go around )
Our waitress showed up 20 min after that to bring us some water & take our drink order.  When we tried to place our dinner order, she informed us the only entree that we were interested in was not available then just walked away from our table
That's it!  At the 90 min mark & we haven't even placed a dinner order, enough was enough.  They more than obviously didn't need our business, they were doing just fine.......
But every time we tried to get the waitress' attention to cancel our drink order so we could leave, she ignored us & then after *another* 20 min, our drinks arrived just in time for us to ask for our check
What did she do?  Brought us the check - no offer to take the drinks back or cancel out......so we paid & left
Feeling sad.......and grumpy.....and hungryAt the recommendation of our Garden District tour guide we headed to Feelings Cafe for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. So glad we did! We loved the romantic atmosphere in the garden area and the staff was very welcoming and accomodating. The food was delicious, my mouth is watering just thinking about it! Great place for a nice dinner a bit off the beaten path. But very worth it!The piano player and drinks were nice. I had a steak and potato dish with asparagus and it was good. Nothing to amaze me but good. Will I go back...not sure because NOLA has a lot of great restaurants to eat at.An attractive,  historic spot in the Bywater.  Great courtyard and nice dining room ambience. Friendly service, although there were gaps in attention.  
Food was hit and miss, and not worth the aggressive prices. There are so many really good restaurants in the neighborhood I can't get excited about my experience at Feelings.
I'll come back for cocktails and an appetizer in the courtyard but not for dinner.Dooo itttttt is all I can say if you're thinking of eating here--wiser decisions will seldom be made. A feast for all senses...as I just told my dining mate, I've been coming here for 20 years due to the lush southern tropical vibe, but you came for the vibe not really the food. Since it changed owners, the vibe stayed but the food? A MILLION TIMES BETTER. 
DOOOOOO ITTTTT...and added bonus, cutie boy waiters who bring you constant tasty bites.So sad!  Was once a favorite but last night was a disaster. Good service and bad food. Soup du jour was the worst tomato basil I have ever had. The pâté was very dry. The hollandaise was cold and the oyster appetizer caused dysentery.  Hope they get it together but won't go back.Wow! Feelings had an amazingly creative yet simple and delicate Coolinary menu. But the real treasure of Feelings is the outdoor inner courtyard for pre-dinner drinks. After dinner go upstairs to the parlor when Jazzacadabra (with Alan--keyboard and Natasha--singer) will entertain you with impressive renditions of jazz standards (hello, the best version of Summertime ever!) only to be topped by their original songs. Every Friday and Saturday from 8-11 come find them. Way better than Frenchmen venues! The drinks include your old favorites--mine is the tart Tom Collins.Feelings is an adorable, quaint, and romantic restaurant in the Marigny that offers an eclectic wooden bar with craft cocktails, a plush patio, and a cozy dining room. The menu pleases all tastes and styles, whether you're a carnivore or seasoned vegan, you'll find a dish that feels right. Perfect for celebrating a special occasion without breaking the bank. I'll definitely be back.So you can't really tell what Feelings Cafe is like from its name or exterior, but now I understand why all the Yelpers recommend it as a date spot.  The courtyard looked very romantic with its Christmas lights and lush vegetation.  It was full, so we sat indoors, which is a little dark but about right considering it used to be an old plantation house.  Nice ambiance,  and quiet enough to carry on a conversation.  There's a very traditional-looking French/Creole menu, and then there's a small selection of vegan entrees.   I wasn't crazy about the garlic bread they brought to the table.  To start, we shared the fried artichoke hearts, which were very good and came with a zesty mustard sauce.  There were only four of them, but I wanted to have a big entree, so that was fine with me.  One the options on the vegan menu allows you to pick three items from the appetizer menu as an entree, so that's what I did.   I ordered the mushroom "boudin" (more of a mushroom tamale, but delicious!), the beet salad, and the kale and I was quite pleased, though I thought the kale could've been seasoned or cooked down a bit more.  The hubs ordered the pork tenderloin off of the regular menu.  In this era of creative plating, it looked a bit boring to me, but I can only judge on presentation.  He ate it, but I think he liked my mushroom tamale a little better. So maybe it's best to go vegan for a night?  Great service.  I was so cozy I wanted to stick around for a while, but we had a party to go to.  I'd definitely go back.Had a very nice dinner at Feelings, as part of large group of about 25. We were well taken care of, the food was nice, the ambience was delightful. My wife and I are vegetarian, found the veggie options enjoyable. We arrived early, at 4:30pm - Feelings opens at 5pm. But they let us in and sat us down with glasses of cava in their courtyard. That courtyard is charming! All in all a great experience.The atmosphere was nice and the service was good. My husband ordered the crab cakes which were delicious. I ordered the mushroom boudin and it was good but the presentation was dull. I also enjoyed the eggplant, tomato and ricotta but the potato tempeh was not good. I don't know if I spelled it correctly. The price was not that bad. I will return but my husband will not.I'm sorry that we wasted one of our dinners here during our vacation in New Orleans. The menu was uninspired, the food unmemorable, the service was rushed and impersonal, and despite what I read ahead of time, the ambiance wasn't all that special. Compared to the other restaurants where we ate that week (Cochon, Bayona, Louisiana Bistro and Irene's), this place was a big disappointment.We USED to love this place. Apparently with the new ownership they hired a very rude bartender. Not helpful to our party, and we watched this bearded man be rude to many others at the bar. Unfortunately while the drink was good, our experience was ruined.I only signed up for yelp to write this review. I'm not giving it 5 stars because we only went to the bar and sat in the patio. It was absolutely beautiful. The bartender was the best one I've had in years. He made us a specialty drink that we hadn't been able to get other bartenders to make and it was perfect. He also provided us with amazing suggestions on how to spend our last evening and we really did have a great time.This is a great little restaurant that is noted for its courtyard.  The food leans more towards French with the occasional nod to Southern and New Orleans influences.  They also offer a simple Sunday brunch with a concise menu.  The bar is right next to the courtyard and offers a pleasant escape when the temperatures are nice.  My only complaint is that sometimes the portion sizes are far too small for the price.It took quite a while for the server to come over. We were expecting more, well i was for the very very $$$ menu and the fact there was maybe 30 people.. Maybe. A party of 5, 3 ordered the Soup du Jour, Irish Potato Soup... It tastes and has the texture of cream of (milk soaked shredded wheat).. With too much pepper or cayenne... Another member of our party ordered the seafood gumbo.. That was absolutely delicious with Tabasco. The apps arrived, Oyster en Brochette, Soft-Shell Crawfish, Crab & Crawfish Cakes, Artichoke hearts, fish strips, and BBQ Shrimp. The oysters could use much more seasoning. Mine had no bacon in it and another party member found a toothpick in his! Really guys? 
Almost everything else was far apart from the schizophrenic soup!  With the exception of, the BBQ Shrimp sauce was far to seasoned with Black Pepper!! Our Server, Alita, brought us all seafood gumbo forth replace the soup.. Great play!!! I also asked for a salad... It came with toasted shaved almonds, what tasted like satsumas or maybe oranges, and oil & vinegar - Which isn't  a standard option for guests, but it was granted, I really appreciated that. At the end of dinner, the manager came out with a GIANT chalice of "champepple" as he put it, lol. I tried to buy the glass or at least find a store nearby to buy one. Also, i received a deliciously, fluffy, cool piece of the peanut butter pie! Absolutely, one of the bests desserts I've eaten! Then again, I love peanut butter and I've also given up sugars, for Lent. I very rarely cheat, BUT it's my birthday I wanted to indulge, just a little. I found this to be a great surprise.
This began with a rocky start, yet closed with a noteworthy finish! This was an excellent pick by my brother, Darrin.. 
And because of that..... 4 stars guys. I'll be back soon.bad news regarding Vegan Menu at Feelings Cafe and Bhava. The restaurant was sold recently . I called to inquire about vegetarian menu and was informed it was no longer availableThe brunch here is really good! 
The food: We had the Pain Perdu, Eggs Benedict, and the Sweet Potato Hash & Eggs. Nothing here was disappointing.
The atmosphere: We decided to sit outside in the courtyard. Even though it is the middle of summer in New Orleans, it was comfortable. There are several tables in the courtyard that have big umbrellas that helped to block the sun and keep the heat minimized. The courtyard is a nice, little, cozy place to relax and enjoy a delicious brunch.
The staff: Every staff member was attentive to us. Though we had one main server, other staff members were quick to jump in and remove empty plates and refill our drinks. Everyone here is so friendly! 
It was great experience. Thank you for a lovely brunch! Keep it up!Cute quaint place....they have been around forever and still have many of the original staff which is awesome
The appetizers are true app style so you won't get full from them, think tapas
We had the fish dishes and the duck which my friend bragged on all night 
They have a piano bar in the back and a great patio, definitely a place to tryI took my girlfriend there for a nice relaxing evening after a long week. We ate in the courtyard and thought the ambience was very nice. My girlfriend likes scallops and saw them on the menu and thought it was an entre because it was $14. I am glad we asked because it was an appetizer. We ordered it and she ordered the drum and I ordered the pork loin. The scallops was actually a scallop the was fileted and over salted. Her drum was rather small too and not what she was expecting in portion size.  My pork loin was ok but it too was over salted and way under portion size, four pieces. I spent $96 and we both left hungry. I had one drink and my girlfriend had two glasses of wine. The quantity and price don't match up and it was over salted. I remember the old Feelings Cafe and this new restaurant has a long way to go in my opinion!Way off the beaten path within the Maurigny area, we made Feelings our last dinner meal in NOLA. I later learned that it was an old plantation house.At the time, I felt the coziness & charm that old places carry. We had a seat in the backyard courtyard which felt very intimate & romantic with the dim lighting. 
 The bread basket was unmemorable. I don't clearly remember the crawfish dish but I thought it was very well made at the time. My fiance didn't enjoy the blue cheese steak and he still regrets not going for the BBQ shrimp. Food was served in generous portions.
What i will always remember about Feelings is its "un-touristy" character. Many of the folks seating there were locals. It was a nice glimpse of the regular life of NOLA.Hey!  This place is a find.  Go try it.  You won't be disappointed.  Delicious, creative, flavors all presented perfectly.  Very nice ambiance with different settings to choose from.  Attentive, pleasant service.  Very comfortable.  No rush but not too slow either.  Very in tune with the guest.  But the food really is terrific.  I'll definitely be back again and again.I am thankful that we found this place - we arrived at our hotel in the Bywater late one night and were worried nothing was open, when I found this place on Yelp.  We got right in and sat outside in their fantastic patio.  
As was most of the food in New Orleans, it was outstanding, but what made this place stick out was the atmosphere.  The patio we sat in was all stone and full of plants and dim lighting. Our waiter was great, he told us stories about New Orleans and the building the restaurant was in, which used to be a plantation that apparently burned down and is now, of course, haunted.
We sat at the bar for a few minutes after dinner - cool weird bar, though I think they wanted us out by that point b/c it was getting really late.
Still, it was a great dinner; not too far from the French Quarter for those looking to get out of the main drag, and one of the best meals we had in New Orleans.1 star only for appearance. Smallest martini ever!!  Glass was half full for full price. Based on the drink; the food may be not as fulfilling either.Poor restaurant. Food cold. Food and even bread delayed.  Don't come here during jazz fest because that will be the excuse for delayed and poor food, even though the restaurant is only half full.Delicious food with surprising vegetarian options.  We sat out in the courtyard because the dining room was full and I was so glad we did.  It was gorgeous!  There is a fountain and lots of greenery, I will request the patio from now on.  
The food was outstanding.  I have been wanting to try a vegetarian boudin since I got to New Orleans, and they had it!  A shitake version, which was amazing, it tasted just like a spicy sausage.  Even my non-veg husband loved it.  I had the Brochette of Marinated Tofu for my entree which I loved and it came with perfectly cooked lentils, asparagus, and rice.  It had a creole mustard sauce that gave it the perfect kick.  My husband had the pork tenderloin which he said was great - cooked well and tender but he wished the portion was a bit bigger.  It was on the small side.
Some of the entrees were a bit pricey, like $28 for and 8oz filet and potatoes but there were less expensive options on the menu like the pork tenderloin with potatoes and asparagus hubby had was $19.  The appetizers however were reasonably priced at around $6.While visiting New Orleans for the 2010 NAR Convention, my husband and I had dinner at Feelings.  Much to my surprise, they had a huge selection of vegatarian dishes...and they were DELICIOUS!  I would highly recommend Feelings for visitors and locals in New Orleans.When the weather is nice, there is no better place in town to sit and drink in a peaceful setting while enjoying a cocktail.  Beautiful courtyard.Food was really great.  I had the seafood/eggplant dish, and it was wonderful, although the portion was a little small.  My wife had the BBQ shrimp appetizer and that was very tasty and well cooked.  Her second appetizer (she skipped an entree) escapes me at the moment but I remember her liking it as well.  We also shared a dessert that was lovely.
Decor is very nice and understated, didn't sit in the courtyard as it was really hot that day but it looked very nice.  Service was good.  Definitely recommend a meal here.
  Restaurant itself is somewhat off the beaten path, at least as far as tourists go, so walking thru the Marigny section was a nice  treat.  I've been to NOLA many times,  but this was the first time I've really walked around this section, outside of Frenchman St.,  and I loved it.Truly beautiful place and the food and service was top-notch and comfortable!
Love this place and will stop there every chance I get when in New Orleans.One of the best restaurants in New Orleans- and that's saying a lot.A good friend and local from Homa, Louisiana, recommended that I try this place.  Feelings is a sleepy cafe that ended up being one of the best meals I had on my trip to NOLA.  The interior feels like a formal restaurant with nice tablecloths, dark lighting, and New Orleans-y decor.  The food is pricy but actually much more reasonable that other upscale places in NOLA.  
I had the Crawfish Etouffee Fish Trio and it was a PERFECT paleo dinner.  Three pretty good sized pieces of fish, covered in a generous portion of etouffee with lots of crawfish.  I came in hungry and this was tons of food.  I could barely finish it.  
Every bite of this meal was delicious, and everyone I went with was satisfied with their meals.  It's also in the Bywater, which is a nice, quieter neighborhood to walk around in and explore.  Highly recommended.We really enjoyed our dinner here. We felt a bit out of place because we were dressed casually and were "glowing" a bit after taking a wrong turn and walking pretty far before we realized our mistake and turned back, but they couldn't have been nicer or more welcoming. We both had the beet salad; I thought it was delicious, but my companion said she couldn't taste the dressing (I did, though, and it was wonderful). Then she had the mushroom boudin and I had a cup of gumbo, both of which were delicious. But the highlight was the blueberry bread pudding we had for dessert.I came here for my uncle's wedding rehearsal dinner a couple of years ago, and I had a great time, despite the fact I thought the food could have been a little better. I kinda felt most of it was frozen and they just threw it in the microwave or oven instead of actually cooking it. He also had an open bar so me and my cousins were having a blast mixing and mingling. 
So you're probably wondering "Why 2 stars?" Me and my cousins had left early to go bar hopping. The next day, my parents told me how after we left, they were just hanging around and they notice ROACHES just coming out of the woodworks of this place. Yes, I know the area and expect there to be roaches and maybe some mice, but when they come out when people are around, then you have a problem! From what I was told, it wasn't just one or 2 either, but like 20 or so. Seriously, take care of this!!! It makes me want to throw up knowing that roaches were possibly crawling all over the food I ate! 
I would have given this place 1 star because of the roach problem they supposedly have because I hate roaches that much, but I thought the courtyard was cute so that's why I have it 2 stars. 
Will I come back here? The answer starts with an "N" and ends with an "O"!I first went here with some family who lived in New Orleans. Now, every time we go back to NOLA, this is where we go to eat. We have been to Commander's Palace, Emeril's, and Antoine's, but Feelings Cafe is the only one we have made repeat visits too. Though the place is small and a bit out of the way if you are staying in the French Quarter it is worth the cab ride. The food is always excellent and the service is quick and friendly.I suspect this would be great for dinner, however we only had wine and cheese, but let me tell you it was WONDERFUL!!!! Loved the personalized service we received upstairs and the staff was super knowledgeable...even enjoyed being serenaded.Service started out awkward. Beautiful atmosphere. Advertises vegan, but make sure you ask for the menu.We had an amazing experience dining at the Feelings Cafe! We loved the courtyard seating and we were able to enjoy live music coming from the bar upstairs. Food and service were great. Definitely going back.