A major caveat to start: I live 20 minutes from Mexico. This is not Mexican.
    That being said, we ate here several times because it was cheap and a few blocks from our hotel and it wasn't terrible.
    The tortilla situation is dire. The flour ones used for burritos are squishy, damp and stretchy. Almost raw. First time we ate here the tortilla was actually cold. For tacos, I asked for crunchy for fear their soft would be like the burrito tortilla. Sadly, the crunchy tortilla was exactly like Mission brand boxed that you get at the supermarket. 
     The cheese option is weird too. They offer a sandwich slice of white cheese. I refused it, so I don't know if it's mozzarella or what.
     Where they earn their stars is the other fillings. Many meat options. All fish options are fried unfortunately. Lots of options for beans, cilantro onion salad, pico de gallo and several fresh salsas.
     Also, a full bar and they did ok with making a Bloody Maria.
     The inside of the restaurant is attractive and comfortable, much more than a taco shop. Late hours were convenient for post parade bites. Maybe they aren't always open so late?  Start offering some breakfast items and grill the tortillas and they could get 4 stars.Amazing Mexican food at an amazing price. I got the plato which comes with soft tacos, meat, veggies, beans, rice, and pico de gallo. I added guacamole for an extra fee. It was still all under $9. It was also $4 margarita night. The margarita needed a little extra lime added, but it was a good value. The people who work there were friendly. The food was fresh and not greasy. It was a great find!So I come here on my visit to NOLA and after our walk thru the Berlin Stripe. They were right the Hurricanes are DELICIOUS here.  We came very close to closing hours but they still served us food and drinks. Tacos were good and so was the chips and dips.Felipe's does the cheap taqueria thing well.  Fresh ingredients, tasty food, light on the wallet...nothing fancy...and it doesn't need to be.  The food speaks for itself.  I'm not giving it five stars because when I went there it was a slammin' Thursday night, and someone thought it was a brilliant idea to be training someone on the line while the place was packed and the line was quite literally out the door.  No.  I'm sorry...but you just don't do that.  Not unless you want for it to take 5 minutes per customer to go through, and for people to leave after already waiting for 15 to 20 minutes with the line not moving an inch, which is what was happening.  Save the training for the day shift.  But after waiting the half an hour to get to the counter, I have to say, that was one of the better quesadillas I've ever had (carnitas with monterey jack, pico de gallo & guacamole, if you're interested in knowing...though I went back two days later and got a steak quesadilla which was equally as good).  Their salsa bar was really good too.  I especially enjoyed the pickled carrots.
I've been home from N.O. less than 24 hours, and I'm already missing Felipe's.Great place to get a cheap dinner and decent Mexican food in NOLA. We were walking around the French quarters and needed a quick bite to eat. A short line at about 5 o'clock, which was good because no one wants to wait when they're hungry! I ordered a chicken chimmichanga(sp?) and the wife had shrimp tacos. Dinner cost was around $25, which was pretty good considering I walked out stuffed and satisfied. Linds said the tacos were really good. A fast moving line + good food + a great price for a tourist area = 4 stars in my book!Look. Felipes is awesome, cheap, and fast.  It's set up like a typical burrito place.  You line up and tell them what ingredients you want on your burrito.  But the quesadilla is the way to go.  It's not what you're thinking.  The quesadilla at felipes is the same as a burrito but it's grilled.  
Everything thing I've had is great.  Chicken, steak, fried fish, or vegetables.  There's also a fully stocked bar.  Oh yeah, it's way better than Juans.I work in the French Quarter - a few doors down from Felipe's, in fact... And this is HANDS DOWN your tastiest cheapest option for lunch or dinner in the Quarter (provided your willing to deviate from Cajun cuisine).  Which is why you'll find so many locals sitting at the bar and chowing on their usual meals. 
For a taqueria, they have a fairly wide selection - enough variance to keep me from getting bored, as I eat here AT LEAST 3 times a week. The food is always fresh, killer ingredients, excellent selection of meats - my favorites being the 2 types of pork, Al Pastor and shredded carnitas. 
The quesadillas are my go-to-order now. Delicious, crisp tortilla all for about $7 bucks. The staff is super friendly and savvy with their burrito rolling skills. If you're feeling dangerous, try the Chimichanga - a deep-friend burrito topped with queso. 
The bar holds it's own, too.. Extensive taquilla selection and Mexican beers. And their homemade margaritas are the JAM.. In short, this place is where you should eat lunch in the French quarter if you dig on Mexican cuisine! 5 star place all day long.Nice variety, prepared upon order in a counter service format. More of a fast food type service. Basic bar seating environment. Good food. Not spiced when prepared but lots of options on the self service salsa bar.Good Mexican fast food made to order. The customer orders by walking through a serving line and making choices of menu item, style, meats, garnishes, etc. The line moves quickly and service is fast. Know what you want before it is your turn to order. Food is paid for at a cashier at the end of the line. Soft drinks and salsa bar are self serve.
The soft corn tacos with pork were very good. I would order this again.Had the worst service there,had to wait an hour and a half for 2 burritos so to make our services better my date and I walked out on those idiots....one star for the drinksthe food is delicious, very fast quality. i will definitely come again. I am in the car (not driving) but i can smell the food...yum. i have been to this place before and know i can't stop coming. Felipe's mexican taqueria is the best if you like Mexican Food go to  Felipe'sThis place was so amazing it even lowered my uber cost from $100 to $32. We requested an uber in the middle of the quarter close to midnight, a few blocks from Bourbon St & the surge was at 7x the normal rate. We decided to get some food & keep checking hoping it would go down in the meantime. I yelped requesting: open now with 1$ and sorted by most reviewed. Felipe's was at the top. I'm not sure if it was just the change of location or other factors, but when I rechecked uber, our price estimate had dropped to $32. 
The food was quite tasty & reasonably priced, plus the restaurant (including restrooms) was clean with plenty of seating. Basically this place is a French quarter miracle!I always come on Taco Tuesday. Perfect location. Super friendly staff. Fresh food and very inexpensive.Sub par at best.  Not to mention management did not help when the guys on the line were in the weeds.  Way to go management.I like the dining room in this location more than the S. Miro location.  There's more open space and it feels like a cafe instead of a cafeteria.  I appreciate the location and the windows for people-watching.  It's also not nearly as crowded as the S. Miro joint.  
I don't like that the menus are so high I get neck cramps trying to pick out what I want.  This is probably why I haven't been 100% satisfied with my food.  I also find the waiting line for this location to be less than ideal, as it is a little too close to some of the tables where people are eating.Great shrimp tacos!
Environment was a little chaotic because they had two lines and picking between the sides was annoying. Their drink specials were good but their sangria tasted stale and bitter.Felipe's has really good burritos.  We had the chicken  burrito.  Quick service, walk up to either side of counter,  order, and pay at the center of those counters.Very good, ordering is a little different, but the food was great! I'll be eating here next time I'm back to MSY.Felipe's is okay.  I have found over my numerous visits it can be hit or miss.  Sometimes I really enjoy the burrito, sometimes it leaves a bit to be desired.  The margaritas are made from a pre-made mix.  You can go right down the road to Gato Negro and get margaritas that are way better for a similar price.  If you want something similar to Moe's Southwest, Felipe's is okay.  However, there are other much better options in town.Most authentic and delicious mexican food in the city, hands down! This place is the bomb! I love Juan's, but Felipe's is superior in both quality and authenticity (it's also cheaper). I used to frequent the Felipe's in Boston (Harvard Square), and was surprised to find out that it is EXACTLY the same. Not sure why the owner opened 2 Felipe's in nola and one in Boston, but I'm loving it. Believe the hype, this place is the real deal. The other location is in the French Quarter.Do you want cheap Mexican food and yummy margaritas??  Look no further than this gem.  Located in the Quarter, this place is fantastic and wonderfully priced!
I usually get the Taco Salad with chicken and they also have great burritos.  I introduced my boyfriend to this place, and he liked it, too.  The frozen margaritas are the best.  A great place to just sit and watch the world go by, as you eat dinner.  It's nice if you want to eat downtown, but you don't want to be in the "thick" of the whole tourist thing.This place is awesome and SOOO REASONABLY PRICED, particularly given its location!
They are serving great Mexican food at very reasonable prices right in the middle of the French Quarter. Yes it is Mexican food not Cajun, but not everybody eats seafood and for those of us, this place is a blessing. 
Felipe has nice looking interiors, it is clean and has a bar where you can chill. I recommend you try this place, especially when you get a little hungry after all the partyinggg!!I do not typically write reviews but for Felipe's, I must because it is so GOOD.  Pretty cheap, at least by French Quarter standards. You really should go, words cannot explain. :)Ooooo baby! Felipe's after a sick show at the HoB or just in general is a great idea, every time! 
Felipe's isn't your typical Mexican restaurant. It reminds me of a subway ordering style, where you line up and tell the food prepper what you want on your burrito, taco, ect. It's the perfect complement to a drunken night on the town or just..well the perfect complement to any moment. If I had the cash, I would open one up on the Northshore.Excellent and inexpensive. Great bar downstairs and upstairs. Trust me. Check this place out!Came here not expecting much. You stand in line and order like at Chipotle. I ordered the chicken nachos, a tamale, and al pastor tacos. 
The food was awesome! Way better than I could've imaged. I got the nachos with both melted cheese and cheese sauce, and they were some of the best I have ever had!
The tacos were equally as good! They had a little salsa bar in the back where you could serve yourself as much salsa as your little heart pleased. 
The only thing I did not care for was the tamale, it had zero flavor whatsoever.
The horchata was authentic though and very refreshing. Overall, I really enjoyed this place!If you are looking for something different, something inexpensive, and something vegetarian, you can find it all here at Felipe's on N. Peters in New Orleans.  
They have a number of vegetarian options, but we went with the "Super Burrito" because it comes with beans and rice.  By the way, all beans and rice are vegetarian here, and that's not easy to find in this city.  So, you get a big, white tortilla and they throw in your choice of beans, a spoon of rice, top it with vegetables, and any other add-ins that you want.  Most of the add-ins are no extra charge, but, if you want guacamole, it will cost you $1.14.  This burrito is $6.50, or $7.65 if you get the guacamole.  
You have to order at the counter, but you can watch your food being prepared.  Then, you pay for it, and take it over to the hot sauce bar.  You can choose which sauce or sauces you want, (there are like six, and the "Havanero" is really hot!), and how much of each.  You can also had relish, pickled carrots, and fresh radishes.  Fix it up, and take it over to the bar for a beer.  Two people can have a healthy, nutritious lunch or dinner for a total of $22.50, including tip.  Try to beat that anywhere in New Orleans.  You just can't do it.  
The food is good, fresh, and tasty.  It kind of reminds me of Chipotle back home, but with slight variations.  It is a good deal.Delicious chicken tacos from Felipe's! Chicken was flavored perfectly and was tender. Lettuce, pico, and this delicious cilantro and onion addition we're all fresh and tasty. I also ordered a side of rice and the queso and chips. 
Atmosphere was wonderful and not too loud. There is a bar in which you can chose lots of different alcoholic beverages, but I wasn't feeling anything besides a fountain Diet Coke to go along with my meal.
The only negative is the lack of air conditioning. New Orleans in April vs July probably feels very different, but I was still warm and a little air would have been welcome.This place honestly was the worst. Staff was unfriendly and the food was cold and not good!! What a horrible experience. Will never go there again! Picture looked good tho ‍Yummmmm.. Delicious Mexican Food. Found this restaurant thanks to Yelp.  I had the burrito (wish I would've had the super burrito) with steak. Very tasteful and delicious. Dessert was a caramel flan that was to DIE FOR! Establishment very clean, staff very attendant of bussing tables & keeping salsa station stocked and clean. A nice stop with cool indoor AC. Looking forward to returning. Would recommend to friends.Food was ok.  Steak is fatty and full of gristle, and we were spitting it out.  The shredded chicken was ok but nothing great.  The one positive was the chicken tortilla soup.  One of the best I've tasted!  Unfortunately there was only one piece of chicken in it.  
The frozen margarita was terrible.  It tasted like cheap, bitter sweet-sour mix and very little cheap tequila.  I threw it away after forcing myself to drink 1/4 of it.  
I would go back for the soup but nothing else.Baja shrimp tacos were great and the prices were reasonable. Boisterous, casual atmosphere, good for a quick bite. The tortillas aren't anything special, but local seafood fillings make it worth trying. I will probably go back.I've eaten at Felipe's 15+ times as a French Quarter employee. I was originally planning on giving three stars, a decent score, but decided that we're lucky to have original food with fresh, healthy options in that spot. New Orleans has a relatively small Mexican population, and the majority of visitors to our city know only as far as Taco Bell. Still, can you imagine all the piss poor establishments you could have opened over there, on the hotel-side of the Quarter and they'd still be grossly successful? One thing I really like about Felipe's is that there are cheap options to fill you up. The quesadilla, for instance, is the size of a small burrito and can be piled high if you respect the guys rollin' up. The bar is decent, and the wait can occasionally be ridiculous, but I'm happy to have Felipe's, even if it pales in comparison to Mexican food in most of the country.Delicious! It's like a nicer more delicious Moe's, q'doba, or chipotle but still has good prices. Same ordering style (go up to the counter choose your food and toppings, etc.) but really so yummy. I can't attest to how "authentic" it is, but I don't care. It's good, the meat was flavorful and tender, the cheese in it was delightful. Salsa's from the self serve weren't my favorite but I had cheese dip with my chips and my burrito didn't need the salsa. The line was long at prime lunch time but moved quickly and I was able to get a table. I'm from out of town, sad we don't have one where I live.Food, Decor, and Service were all excellent. The location was fairly good (about 2 blocks away from Cafe Du Monde). The price is the best point about this place, all the food and drinks were very reasonable. They have a tiki hut on the second floor which was closed due to a private event. 
If you're in the area, definitely try it out!Good food. Great value. After dropping a significant amount of money on a dinner for my wife and four kids the night before at ACME, we were looking for something a little more friendly on the wallet. Felipes hit the spot. Pretty decent selection on the menu. Food seemed fresh.  Counter girl seemed put out to take our money though. Bar tender was very busy - almost overwhelmed but very polite and made a strong sangria. Would come again.... Likely tomorrow for the chorizo tacos.Went to a wedding rehearsal dinner here. Sarah was awesome and made up for lack of customer service from the bartender Michael. Great atmosphere.This place is great fast food. Don't get the horchata, though, it tastes like you just licked a cinnamon chalkboard.This place rocks!! Delicious tacos. The condiment bar is stocked with sweet onions various salsa and radishes. Price is right tooWe ate here for lunch based on the Yelp reviews.  My family was not disappointed.  The food is really good and ingredients fresh.  Very quick and friendly service and reasonable prices.If the menu on your door says you're open until 1am, and Yelp says you're open until 3am, why are you locking the door and mouthing "We're closed." at 11:07 pm on a Thursday night??Located in what was once a Hooters, the French Quarter Felipe's serves good food and drinks for reasonable prices.
It seems that their operation is very similar to an Izzo's, but with the addition of a full bar. Come in, get in the burrito assembly line, pick your meal, watch them make it, then sit and eat. You can also sit at the bar and order, which is what I recommend. That way your food is brought to you, and you can drink beer while you wait. 
On my one trip to this location, it was during French Quarter Festival. The bar area was packed with people, it was hot, and service was slow. It was so slow that I considered walking out. Once I got a seat at the bar, my mood improved significantly. Cheap Dos Equis draft combined with excellent people watching (muscle man eating nachos, actress from Treme, random creep taking photos of girls, etc.) made for a fun experience. In fact, it was one of the more fun places I went during FQF.
Next time I am in the Quarter and looking for cheap food, I will probably come here again. Until then, I will stick to the Uptown location.MEXICAN HEAVEN!!! Food was very delicious and staff was quick and very friendly. As an out of towner, it was so refreshing to taste quality Mexican food! I ordered the nachos with chorizo, refried beans, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and guacamole and it was all fresh and authentic! My friend ordered the burrito and inhaled it! 
We ordered the flan for dessert- also delicious! 
Overall really great Mexican food if you're in New Orleans. Definitely worth it!From a Texan very well versed in Mexican food or should I say Tex-Mex. This place has great tacos, baja tacos, chipotle onions, and pickled carrots. Jamaica, Horchata, and Limonada plus aquas frescas to quench your parched self. As a Latin I truly enjoyed the loud colorful atmosphere plus great Latin Musica infusing a completely delightful dining experience.I went with my boyfriend the portions are small and definitely is no good Mexican food I ate the beef tacos. and I think the tables were to dirty! Poor attentionI have been eating here for years. I recommend the quesadilla with the chicken rings but add queso on the inside. 
Caitlin is an awesome bartender.Amazing spot, a lil reasonably-priced refuge in the French Quarter -- where the prices can get pretty high.  I ate here a few times.  The burritos are great, and I def appreciated the variety, the setting, the sauces, and all the rest.   At there twice in 5 days (even w all the other great food around), and will def hit it up again when I'm back.I came in to New Orleans late from Austin at around 9 pm, and I was hungry and tired. I had checked into my hotel which is right on the edge of the French Quarter;  I had actually set out to find someplace else, yet hadn't found it yet, then, I saw the word, "taqueria",  out front; and I immediately honed in on it like Pavlov's Dawg.
Again, very typical around here, but "half-bar, half-restaurant." Definitely a fair share of 20-somethings eating and drinking.
You line up at the counter to tell the cook how you want your food made; you go to the cash register to throw them your cash, then you pick up the food at the same time.
Note that the assembly line dude barely spoke English, and I had to clearly enunciate and repeat myself a coupla times. The cashier girl was kind of edgy, not totally rude, but borderline.
I went with two tacos - one with carnitas filling - and one with al pastor filling. Both on double-layered corn tortillas. I asked for rice, cheese, and guacamole on both.
To digress, al pastor is like pineapple-marinated shredded pork, whereas carnitas is like stewed chunks of pork. Both are supposed to be slow cooked (but with different techniques).
The al pastor was dry, and I really don't think that it's supposed to be dry; the carnitas was good, and moist.
Don't forget, I'm a starvin' Marvin from not having eaten all day long, so In the meantime, I saw someone order a chicken burrito, and as the cook was slopping the chicken on the burrito, the chicken looked pretty good and wet, so I changed it up a bit and ordered a chicken quesadilla with rice (on the inside). 
The chicken was good, the rice was good, but for some reason, I wasn't lovin the flour tortilla - it tasted dry and flat and was super thin - and was most likely a stale store-bought tortilla. I guess that I'm too spoiled by my normal taqueria place at home, which has hand-made tortillas.
The bill was decent, and only came out to like $12 tax  included. I wouldn't choose to come here again.This place is good for run through food. Its not really a nice sit down area. I went after red dress run last year an luckily we had seats in the back. It was ok. But really just ok.Went here for Cinco de Mayo.  Wish I would have gone elsewhere.  By the time my date brought my nachos to the table just steps away from where it came out "hot n fresh" my cheese was hard as a rock.  Some of my chips were burnt on the edges... what's that about???  I ordered shrimp with it.  After I moved everything around I counted 5 small fried shrimp.  That does not fly in a seafood oriented town. The margarita was tasty I will give them that.Great food!  So many options to make your meal exactly how you want it. Even better, the prices are perfect. They're fair for what you're getting. 
Wednesday margarita special is also awesome. Only $3 for a glass, and they're pretty strong!I tried Felipes for the first time coming down to New Orleans for Mardi Gras this year! ( I used to live in New Orleans, but after hurricane Katrina happened, me and my family moved on out to NJ). My friend suggested coming here to have a taste of Mexico. It was AMAZINGGG. I have never been to Mexico, but this place fulfilled my craving. In NJ, there is probably one place that I have tried that was pretty good... but still not good enough for my tummy :[. The only thing that I could possibly say that sucks is that I live so so far and when I am craving Felipe's it is not that simple to take a flight down to N.O and have a chicken quesadilla!  Really cheap too! A chicken quesadilla is probably about 6 or 7 dollars. :DI can not say enough wonderful things about this place. We were recently on vacation and happened upon this place thanks to Yelp. We ended up going back a second time which I rarely do whilst vacationing. Some of the highlights include--anything with shrimp!--tacos, burrito both were amazing and the shrimp was lightly fried to perfection. The guac is amazing as were the chips, salsa, etc. 
The highlight was definitely the bar and bartender. Lauren was the BEST--super nice and makes a mean margarita :) The frozen mango marg or (tequila smoothie) as my friends and I called it was amazing. The top shelf on the rocks was also great. Lauren gave us recommendations on things to see and do whilst in NOLA and was one of the main reasons we went back the second day.
Thanks so much for a great experience!
JennThis is one of my favorite places to grab a taco, burrito or anything coming out of your speedo! (Do you remember that SNL skit?).
This place is usually packed, especially if there is an event going on in the quarter, but the line goes pretty quickly. Make sure you know what you want on your food or the other customers will start getting testy!Food was ok. Using unique ingredients with certain meats was a fail. For instance, cinnamon in the al pastor was different. To each his own. Line cooks were attentive with smiling faces. Just the cashier(Erin) had everyone feeling unwelcomed & rushed. Seemed like she was more concerned with how much tip i left her than completing our order.Pretty good food.  I got the corn tortilla chargrilled chicken tacos with guac, sour cream and lettuce with a side of black beans and a side of rice. The tacos and beans were good--nothing to write home about. The rice, on the other had, was amazing. The line was pretty long and took quite a while but other than that, no qualms. It was fairly priced and comfortable environment.
Also, I didn't get one but I saw the burritos and they are HUGE!amazingly authentic feel to the resturaunt i feel like im going to mexico itself to get my lunch or dinner. The Flan is to DIE for and only $2.51, yes it may be a small portion but anyone who is hispanic knows Flan is amazing :]One of the best fast casual mexican food places I have ever been. Good prices, if your ever in the new Orleans area this place is a definite must tryGot fish tacos with fresh pico de gallo. They were light and zesty on a hot day. The chips and salsa were good too. A good spot for a cheap lunch with fresh flavors.Fast and delicious! Never disappoints me when I'm craving quick mexican.The ambience here is exquisite--I actually feel like I'm at a cantina in Mexico, I don't feel that I'm at a Tex-Mex restaurant or like the others places that claim to be "authentic". 
The service is a full attendance--tables always clean, floors; spotless, bathroom, 80/20, and where the food is made, always being cleaned. Always!  
The food is delicious and fairly priced, and it gives your tastebuds a real authentic taste with the REAL MEXICAN choices on the menu. The bar kept up well and drinks are flavourful. 
This is a must come for actual authentic food--better than your average Mexican restaurant you have at your home.Taco Guererro across the street is soooo much better mexican.  Posole Thursdays and menudo Saturdays, good carnitas and sopas...Way better than Felipe's imitation  and expensive Mexican.
Felipe's has a great bar tho'Best Mexican food in New Orleans... 
Amazing margaritas... 
That's all you really need to know.
Just go try it for yourself.
When I used to live and work in the French Quarter I used to come here 2-3 times a week. Now that I live in Florida I am counting down until I can get my Felipe's fix again.Felipe's how I love you.  
The set up here is a subway style assembly line style.  Read board, order meal, add toppings, pay.  And the prices are pretty great for the portion size.  I always get the same thing.  Chicken tinga (oh yes) quesadilla with jalapenos and guac.  It never fails to satisfy.  And I can never finish the whole thing.  As far as the drinks go I have only tried the margs, but they do have a fancy cocktail menu.  The margaritas are made with fresh squeezed lime juice to order.  If you are in search of a GREAT margarita, you have to make your way to Felipe's.  Seating in the front part of the restaurant can fill up quickly during high traffic times, but there is additional seating toward the back.  I love you Felipe's!  Woohoo!Great place to eat. Fresh ingredients made to order. Everything has its own flavor. Perfect hidden gem!Came here for a super quick bite before a tour. Hubs and I both had two tacos (beware that the price indicated on the board is for the same two tacos, not different ones which we got so paid more for. 
To go was fast!! I was definitely impressed. The whole inside of the place is super clean, and staff were even cleaning as we were in there. 
Ordered the shrimp (Baja style) and carnitas. Hubs had shrimp and al pastor. They were all great, but the shrimp was definitely the stand out!! Salty but delicious!
Now, the one thing they could improve is their operations flow. If you look at where the toppings are compared to the meat, it's opposite to where it should be. If you put meat on first that should be first in line, not second. There was a lot of staff bumping into each other. Doesn't affect the tacos but it would make their job easier!
Board is sort of hard to read with the reflection of the lights but overall it's an easy to interpret menu and the food was fast but great. Would come back here!Really liked this place they have great tortilla soup and the tamale was really good loved their sauce.Amazing.  Just like the one Cambridge.  This place has great burritos, salsa bar, friendly staff, clear prices and lots of seating.  The quesadillas are great.Definitely a place that I need to try once more in order to believe that I have a thorough idea of how good it actually is. So far I think it's fresh moderately priced food. I ordered two fried shrimp baja tacos ($5.75). I didn't know that the shrimp was going to be deep fried with batter, I thought it would be fried in a pan (probably should have presumed that since it IS New Orleans LOL my mistake). TBH I'm not a fan of breaded deep fried things. I carried on ordering it as a combo ($2.50) which includes a drink, 2oz of chips + your choice of dip (salsa, queso, or guacamole) and added a churro ($1.75) because I honestly thought I could finish all of it. Boy was I wrong.
 Anyways, i got a little bit of everything from the condiment bar (salsa verde, rojo sauce (I think), habanero salsa (my favorite, ended up taking some home), jalapenos, sliced radishes, pickled carrots, pickled cabbage, and maybe some others that I'm forgetting). I tried the vegetables by themselves to see if they would be right for my tacos and they're all great but the pickled cabbage would have been a nice addition. 
I put all of the different salsas on the chips to try them. The queso they serve is the bomb-diggity like I feel as if I've been lied to my entire life by those dips at the store.
The actual corn tortilla shrimp baja tacos: While I'm not a fan of breaded deep fried shellfish I will admit that the breading was well seasoned and crunchy! The sauce they put on top was a bit...bland. I was glad to have smuggled a lot of habanero salsa to make up for the lack of flavor. To their merit, the tacos were stuffed for the GAWDS lol.
After halfway chugging down one taco I was already full but I ordered a cream churro. The churro is the most authentic and delicious churro I've had on this side of the border and my friend loved the half that I gave him since I was trying to just finish it up (He also let me know that at the location near his house they give you two churros instead of just one). Ended up bringing one taco home.
Whole meal cost me 10 dollars, not bad considering the amount of food that I got. I will definitely be back and update this review once I try something different without fried shrimp.  The place has a lot of seating and when we came in it looked like they had a drink special, 4$ margaritas (I'll be sure to try 1 or 5 next time depending on what time of the day it is lol). The employees were friendly and helpful in explaining the ordering process. The place itself is clean and they play spanish music for that authentic feel.3 times in a week. ( But that can possibly have something to do with location, as I work 3  blocks away, and they deliver.) Nothing mindblowing, but nothing wrong about it either. It gets it done, like ordering chinese takeout, it is what it is. By the numbers Tex Mex.This place was FANTASTIC! We had Rory as our waiter and he was the cherry on top of the experience. Super kind, excellent service and FAST. the fried oyster platter was phenomenal. I'd also highly recommend blacked shrimp and sweet potatoe fries. You can't go wrong with anything here really.Baja Tacos are delicious they have a punch of flavor.  Yum! The quac, chips and beans, rice no flavor however I am Latin and we needs lots of flavor.  Ambiance very casual great bar for lounging.The fam was looking for non-seafood near the french quarter, and somehow ended up walking the near 15 minutes here. We must have looked confused when we walked in, but a helpful staff member told us what to do. Go up and order what you want, and they'll make it for you on the spot. 
I got a quesadilla, which basically means they slab some cheese on a tortilla and put in the oven to melt it. Then they take it out, open it up, and you choose what you want to put on it: veggies, guacamole, rice, anything your heart desires. Then they close it up and bon appetit. But since they don't rewarm it after you add your items to it, everything tastes mildly warm...not the nice, hot meal one would normally hope for after walking the distance from the heart of the french quarter to find this place. 
The atmosphere was lively and food was cheap. The workers looked extremely rushed. The place was busy, and I barely had time to think about my order. Before I knew it, it was time to pay.This place is worse than Izzo's illegal Burrito. You would think by the reviews and the line my party was waiting in, that we were destined for some good Mexican food.
Go to Juan's Flying Burrito. It cost less, you get more food, the staff is friendlier and the food is decent.I used to think Chipotle was the best place to get quick, relatively healthy Mexican food. I have this place to blame for ruining Chipotle for me by being so good that Chipotle (or most places) pale in comparison. 
The food tastes fresh, and the quality and flavours elevate the ingredients. I had the veggie burrito and my friend had the Tinga chicken, both of which were delicious and left me wanting to come back. The hot sauces and other add ons make everything even more wonderful, this place is pretty authentic and definitely worth a visit. 
It's also conveniently located in the French quarter, walking distance from much of the nightlife of New Orleans. Load up here before you head out on a night (or day) of drinking, you won't regret it.Great little find in the French Corner! Fresh delicious food! 
Had chicken taquitos- pretty good!
Shrimp Baja tacos were superb! So good- my husband went and got another order. The sauce on them was fantastic!
Chicken tacos- tinga and grilled! 
Both were very fresh!!!! Great quick and inexpensive spot with delicious offerings!Great place to get something if you are tired of Cajun cuisine. Service was good. Helpful staff and very fast.I have to give this one a rating below juans because their food was kind of bland and I did not like any of there salsas. The chicken is dry and everything else is greasy. The price is cheaper than juans but you are sacrificing taste. The best thing is the pico de gallo. But when all else is closed this is a great option.Awesome casual and fast place. Highly recommend this place for something a little different from the rest of the food options in the area. Queso ROCKS. Tinga chicken is just spicy enoughFood was good. You can get a 40oz tecate for less than $5! Great salsa. If you get tired of the new Orleans style food, try this place. It's casual, and inexpensive.