If I could give things 4.5 stars, this would be the place to merit it. Felipe's is close to perfect for me, but not quite there. I've never been 100% pleased at the downtown location, so I recommend you hit the original. I tend to swap between nachos and a quesadilla, but my go-to meat is always the al pastor (pork marinated in spices and pineapple and HEAVEN). It's amazing and a great compliment to fresh veggies and warm tortilla. The black beans are smoky and delicious and I recommend you sub shredded cabbage for lettuce for a nice change in flavor profiles. The chipotle sauce is a favorite as well. Just watch for the nickel-and-diming that can happen when you add things like sour cream and guac. It can add up quickly. Also, have the queso. It's warm and beer-y and delicious. If you're not in the mood for beer or a margarita, pair your meal with the Jamaica tea, sweetened hibiscus goodness. And lastly, sometimes I forgo the meat and stick just to the grilled vegetables, which are phenomenal, so if you're a vegetarian, this is a great spot for a cheap, delicious, filling meal.Great little burrito place just close to Tulane on the other side of Claiborne drive. It's kind of hidden back behind the main shopping center that you can see from the street.
Felipe's is something of a local chain in New Orleans; they have a handful of other locations as well so be aware if you're meeting people there. 
Burritos are available in two sizes, the regular and the 10" giant. The usual options of cheese, sour cream vegetables and a variety of meats are available. Certain addons like guacamole will incur an extra cost. The service is fast and efficient, the food is delicious. All locations feature a full bar.
The centerpiece and highlight of Felipe's is the salsa bar, a small selection of salsas and taco garnishes such as pickled onions, radishes and more are available. I personally tend to pile on the pickled onions, I swear I could eat the things just by themselves. 
The parking at this particular location leaves a little bit to be desired as it's a narrow, claustrophobic lot that can be a bit difficult to navigate. If you have a larger car might be better off parking on the street.Felipe's is great tasting and they work fast. I like it just as much as chipotle and similar places. My only issue is that I will typically order the same thing, and find inconsistencies in the quality from time to time.Build your own awesome burrito, yum yum. I usually get the chicken tinga which is a marinated chicken. way better than just chicken. cheap and very authentic tasting. usually crowded but that's good because they're good! try their queso and chips and the rice pudding (arroz con leche) along with whatever you get . both locations ROCK!Had this for lunch today on a whim. What great steak tacos! The pulled pork was just as good. 
The queso was good and the quacamole was great! The chips are the thinner style that I like too. I'll definitely be back when I'm around Uptown.Not only is the price right, the food is extremely fresh! The only downside is the cramped seating, but the $3 margarita's on Wednesday's more than make up for it. 2 fish taco's only set me back $6.50 so it definitely didn't break the bank. 
P.S. parking is a nightmare!Super yummy ingredients! It's one of those -you get to build your own burrito or quesadilla- deals.  
It is more on the greasy side when compared to Izzo's, but the frozen margaritas make you not care about the extra calories! Best frozens we have had in the city!Felipe's is great. I'll take this over Izzo's, Chipotle, or Qdoba. Why? Their meats - at least the Al Pastor and the Chipotle Chicken - are freaking awesome. Full of flavor, not the semi-bland grilled meats found elsewhere. 
I did look at the menu online before going the first time, given others' complaints about charging extra for random toppings. It's all clear on there. I *HATE* sour cream anyway, so I didn't ask for it, and thus didn't pay for it :)
Anyhow, fresh ingredients, super-filling food, and reasonably priced. For two super burritos, each with chips, guac, and a drink , plus a quesadilla for the kiddo, it was under $25.
They have a salsa bar too, which is awesome.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because parking and seating can be a challenge. We had to wait for a table on a Saturday during lunch. I'm sure the bar is an option as well, but not with a 3 yr old.Solid Mexican food for a very good price. Great spot for Tulane/Loyola students who are broke, and tired of the perpetual trips to the dining halls. I highly recommend getting a Margarita with a Super Burrito.Though it's not much more "authentic" than your average Taco Bell, it's literally the only place in town cheap and good enough to warrant a weekly visit.Felipe's is great. It's assembly line style, which I LOVE. It comes out quick and is always delicious.
They have burrito and super-burrito, which is great for when you're super duper hungry. This is my favorite location - I just really love it. Their chimichanga is GREAT - one of the best. All of their ingredients are fresh.
My favorite is the chicken tinga - it's spicy and zesty and yummy. It really is spicy though, so if you're sensitive, I'd try it first before ordering. The taco salad is also awesome.
I love their quesidilla - instead of folding into a crescent, they fold the sides in. They also have free fountain drink refills, and a side bar next to it. Their queso is also bomb - soooo good. It's my favorite queso in the city. 
If the front dining room is full, go towards the bathrooms and see if there's room in that room or on the back patio if the weather is nice. I LOVE the back patio!Delicious shrimp and fish tacos! Get them just as they come...except ask for flour tortillas. The food is so amazingly fresh! And oh my goodness, the bar menu is to die for. Everything is fresh squeezed and house made. I had a super friendly bartender who talked me into getting a Mexican Daisy. I never had Mezcal and I fell in Love. My boyfriend got the Top Shelf Margarita and enjoyed it very much. We watched her fresh squeeze the key limes and she added their homemade orange liqueur and agave nectar. So good! Will definitely be back!Felipe's taste like love and like home. It is the best place in the entire world. The prices are reasonable, the service is fast, and the food is perfection. The portions are well-suited to the American Appetite. The Margaritas, or "Margs," are out of this world. But be careful, they'll knock you on your socks or knock you out off your feet, or something. Splurge for the guacamole, and be sure to sample the variety of salsa that they offer for free at their salsa bar.
Love,
ArlyCame here with a group of 8 and we managed to fit at a picnic table on the patio.  I would not recommend trying to bring a group larger than that, as the dining room is very crowded.  
Wednesday is $3 margarita night!  I put together a delicious chicken tinga burrito for myself (rice, beans, cheese, chicken tinga, lettuce, pico de gallo, and sour cream) and a large queso dip to share with my friends.  I had to go back to the counter about half way through the dip to purchase another bag of chips because we ran out - I found this annoying. Fortunately, I didn't have to stand in the burrito line to purchase the chips.Felipes is by far my favorite fast mexican food in the city! Great margaritas and I absolutely love their shrimp quesadillas. The fresh salsas in the salsa bar are amazing as well :) Super fast and tasty!
I just wish they had more varied offerings and maybe some daily specials.They do it right here. from all the meat choices, to the churros, to the fresh veggies, to the Horchata this joint serves up some good food. Free refils also.I've been to Felipe's uptown and at the North Peters location in the French Quarter MANY times, sometimes with the wife for a date and sometimes with the kids for a family meal - it works for both.  We keep going back because we've never had a bad experience.  
I note that the French Quarter location isn't represented on Yelp, which is a pity, because it's a great place to duck in for a good meal in the quarter without having to wait as long behind an hours-long line of tourists, and because the quality is better than a lot of the tourist traps with their captive audiences. 
You know how you often sit down in a restaurant and start looking through the menu for that particular dish that is done the way YOU like it and includes all of YOUR favorite ingredients?  Part of the great fun of Felipe's is that you get to build your own dream meal.  
First: expectations.  Felipe's is counter service with seating.  This is not Commander's Palace, or even Chili's.
Second, but most importantly: FRESH INGREDIENTS!  I've always been able to count on super fresh ingredients across the board at Felipe's. Cilantro, jalapenos, you name it, always seems like it came out of the garden earlier in the day.
Third: flavor!  Because you're building your own, you can choose anywhere between mild and wild. I like my Mexican food with some fire, and Felipe's can really deliver. There's no shortage of fresh peppers if that's your game, and the fixin's bar really delivers with a variety of different hot sauces (at least half a dozen, from mild to fiery, from green to orange to red), and a terrific fresh cilantro/sweet onion pico that I just love. 
Fourth: good meat.  The steak is juicy, the carnitas flavorful, the chicken tender, and none of the meats have ever had a problem with gristle or the like.  Just solid and consistent quality.
Fifth: Price.  Because ... damn, that's a bargain.
Notes: The margaritas are solid, but nothing to write home about.  The service (remember, it's counter service) is solid as well.  The bar (uptown and in the Quarter) can be a bit slow at times, but not offensively so.
Little New Orleans tip o' the day - at Halloween, get to Felipe's for dinner about two hours before Krewe of Boo rolls, then stake out a spot to watch the parade on the sidewalk out front - the parade route runs right past Felipe's.  Now you've got easy bathroom access and a straight shot to margarita refills while you wait - and this is the sort of place where they don't mind if you brought your Jazz Fest chair to your table with you.
Felipe's is a niche - but within it's niche, it is at the top of the heap.My husband and I stopped here for dinner one night, hearing that it was a good, cheap place to eat.  He got the super burrito and I had tacos al pastor.  The food was fresh and delicious, and reasonably priced.  We're here for a week, and thinking of going again.I think my record for Felipe's visits in a week tops out around 4.  It's safe to say that I love this place.  What I love is Felipe's engages your creativity. Every time I go I have to try a new combination of the fresh and unique ingredients. The service is always wonderful, these guys can definitely roll a burrito.  The full bar is a nice touch, and their margaritas are outstanding; they offer a significant bang for your buck too. 
I'll echo a few other reviews and say that the parking is sometimes a little tight, but it's well worth it!I thought this place was okay until the time I found a long hair in my burrito... disgusting. That turned me off enough to the point where I'll probably never go back. When I did go here, I usually ordered burritos and added vegetables as an extra. Unfortunately, the veggies always tasted somewhat mushy in my burrito, and I think having zucchini and broccoli as part of the vegetable mix is just not the right choice for Mexican food. Also, the horchata was disappointing and the service wasn't that friendly.
 I would rather walk 2 hours to the one Chipotle in town for a cheaper and tastier burrito.By far the best burritos in the city!  I recommend it for sure.  Great beer variety as well.  Nice and quick service.  Prices are great as well!Why don't I come here more often? The weekday drink specials are awesome (indulged in Thursday $2.50 draft Dos Equis). Also, the margaritas are handmade with fresh lime juice, not neon yellow doom syrup. The food is yummy and well priced. AND they have one in Harvard Square, which I have been going to since college! I don't know why or how there is a chain between New Orleans and Boston, but there is.... I will say the Quarter version is an upgrade from Cambridge because they have a bar, just saying....This is just good food. The quesadillas are not your typical quesadillas, they are so much better. Also, the grilled veggies are quite awesome. When you don't feel like being too healthy or drowning yourself in grease...Felipe's is a great option.
ETA: I gave up meat for Lent....The vegetable burrito has saved my life!It's an assembly line burrito place. Nothing to write home about. OK, they do have a full bar. And they have options for burritos that your average Qdoba or Chipotle would never offer (chicken tinga, al pastor). But still, this is an assembly line burrito place. You line up, choose whether you want a burrito, a taco platter, or a quesadilla, and then you walk through as the staff loads up your giant flour tortilla with meat, rice, beans, cheese, salsa and optional stuff (jalapenos, onions, cilantro, sour cream, etc.). At the end of the line, you pay at the register. It's a tried-and-true formula for slightly higher-quality fast food, and Felipe's does a good job with the formula. I've only ever been to their uptown location for a quick lunch between classes, but I've never had an issue with their food. It's not going to win any awards, but at the end of the day what you need from a place like this is consistency, not greatness.I could live at Felipes. Luckily, I do live about 3 minutes away, so we go all the time. In law school, this was the go-to place for really any event, multiple times a week. Now being in the 'real world,' we still go quite regularly! My favorite is Tuesday $3.50 sangria days. I love when it's not as crowded as it gets on marg wednesdays and fridays. I only sit at the bar here, so seating can be an issue on busier nights. The bartenders there are all amazing and you get to know them really quickly. The specialty drinks there are all good too (obviously the margs are fantastic) -- e.g. the hurricane is great and not something most people order there! Food - awesome. The chips and queso will differ from time to time - sometimes the chips are crispier than others, but still can't go wrong. Nachos or quesadilla are my faves. And the veggies are really good if you don't do meat! And the steak is good too! I take everyone here, a must go!They're just as fast as crappy fast food.  It's a pleasant restaurant atmosphere.  And they're cheap and delicious.  Zero complaints.I got the veggie burrito and it was good, but nothing amazing. It had a lot of grilled veggies, cheese, rice, and beans. I added guac for extra. It was very much like chipotle, good food, not amazing, nothing special.I heart this place. My usual go-to is the carnitas nachos, but sometimes i change it up and get the plato with hard shell tacos. Cheese dip is decent and the frozen margaritas are the best in town. This place kicks Chipotle's butt big time. The quality is exceptional for the price and even when they are slammed, the lines never last that long.This has been my absolute favorite restraint since high school. It is somewhere I wind up constantly because the food is so good. The tortillas are amazing and queso is awesome! The burritos and chimichangas are my favorite but nachos are also delicious. We love the al pastor (pineapple soaked pork) in our burritos. Adding the sweet corn also puts it over the top! We usually make one a meal ( chips plus your choice of queso guac or pico and a drink ) and share it with our burritos. Sangria is very good also. Great for a night with friends or just a quick bite to grab on the go. Highly recommend!I recently moved to NOLA from Texas and have been in search of some good Mexican food. One of my classmates suggested this place. I checked out Yelp, and it seemed to have pretty decent reviews. 
My boyfriend and I met my classmate and her boyfriend on a Friday evening right at the dinner rush hour. I ordered a chimichanga. The selections for fillings were plentiful. They offer tinga chicken, carnitas, steak, and chorizo. They also had refried black and pinto beans, whole black and pinto beans, rice, veggies, salsas, sour cream, and guacamole. I opted for a chicken chimichanga. My boyfriend ordered the carnitas. I went to pay and noticed my burrito had not been fried (a chimichanga is a fried burrito for those that aren't familiar). I was given a very miffed "sorry" from the cashier and a look of "what do you want me to do about it?" Because it was so busy I just opted to eat the burrito. 
Now, I've had a lot of Mexican food in my life. I wasn't expecting the best burrito in the world, but I was expecting something that was at least flavorful. The burrito was quite possibly the worst I have ever had. The chicken wasn't seasoned, the beans were underdone (I ordered the whole black beans), the rice was crunchy, and the sour cream tasted more like sour cream "product."  My boyfriend's carnitas burrito was okay. The carnitas were tender, but extremely under seasoned. 
I have to say I probably won't be back. It's irritating when you don't get what you order and have no effort from staff to rectify the situation.  When what you do eat is under seasoned and bland it makes it even worse. I honestly can't understand how this restaurant has such high reviews. I can only assume it's from a bunch of people who've never had properly prepared Mexican inspired dishes.Good cheap bad Mexican food. Love it !!As a freshman at Tulane, Felipe's was a god-send. A quick walk off-campus, on the way to buy supplies for art classes, it was fantastic.
As a senior now, I find myself going back on about a bi-weekly basis. It's still delicious, still a student magnet. I've had the luxury now of exploring the city, so now I try to spread out my Mexican cravings fairly between my favorite places. Great queso, razor-thin-but-still-crispy chips. The chicken is hit or miss for me, though. Still, Felipe's is a winner.Filipe's is pretty good mexican food. It's cheap, it has decent parking, a full bar, and usually plenty of table space and a short wait to get your food. When I went to Tulane, this was the best easy eating option within walking distance. The only reason it gets so few stars is that I've just had better Mexican food in lots of different places. However, for cheap, quick, and easy, I'd absolutely go here time and again.I go here for my burrito fix. I hear that the one in the quarter has better food, but I live uptown and this is very convenient.
It's fast enough for me to stop by during my lunch break. Parking can be tricky during the busy hours, but I've been lucky every time I've been here.
I noticed that a reviewer said that they won't give you tap water, but I was just there last week and they were happy to give me a cup of tap water.I would eat here at least once a week if I lived nearby. You can customize your burrito or tacos so many ways it would never get boring. You can keep it healthy or load on the cheese. Love the hot sauces and toppings bar (including marinaded carrots, which from my weak understanding of what is real Mexican and what is not, might fall in the category of authentic).I am a very proud Texan and self-declared expert in Tex Mex/Mexican food, and I can say that Felipe's is the best "cheap" Mexican food in the city. Go for the carnitas, their best meat. Also, their various happy hour deals are nice, including $4/margs and sangria. They don't seem to know/care about food alergies, but I found it's simple enough to work around that.I've eaten here many times and they do have some good drink specials here.  The food here is generally simple and a good value like Mexican should be.  They don't have a lot of parking and this smaller location is popular so it can get challenging to park and a bit too crowded inside at times.  Overall its a decent place to grab a taco or burrito and have some drinks all for a good value.Subsequent visits this summer at various times have all been a breeze.Pretty reasonably priced, very tasty burritos/tacos.  I personally find it hard to avoid the shrimp super burrito, though I've had many of the items and they're very tasty.  They are pretty fast, which is good as there's often a line, but you'll get and eat your food fast (and cheaply).Oh Felipe's, how I adore you. 
This is a regular spot for me. So cheap, so fast, and so amazingly good. 
I had a little freak out this summer when I went twice in a week and they were closed. Then another freak out when the menu looked a little different after it reopened the next week. But the freak outs were unwarranted. Still really, really great food. 
Felipe's is my go-to for Mexican food. It's real Mexican, and real food, and real delicious. Its also great for groups, because you can all wonder in at different times, get food relatively quickly, and sit there for as long as you want and not feel like you're bothering anyone. 
Basically, go there. End of story.This is my definite favorite, when it comes to Uptown Mexican food.
There are a few reasons to like this restaurant:
1) Location.  It's located Uptown.  That means less traffic then downtown.  This Felipe's has it's own parking lot, so, depending on the time of day, you don't have to worry about street parking.
2) Good food.  The food here is consistently fresh, good, and of course, made to order.  I have never ordered anything here that I wasn't satisfied with.
3) Price.  It's cheap!  I had a burrito tonight, and it was 5 bucks!  With prices like that, you can mix and match.  Get a burrito, a couple of tacos, and a margarita and you will pay less than $20.  My date and I each got a burrito and two drinks each, last night.  The total bill was $35!  You can't beat that deal with a stick!
4) Service.  If you want to avoid the line, sit at the bar, get a drink, and order your meal from the bartender.  Just be sure to tip him or her well at the end of the night.
I always forget about this Felipe's and it's convenience, but I'm going to be sure to visit more in the future.Fast & inexpensive... with a full bar. Really what else do you want?  How about a self-serve bar with pickles & variety of salsas? Yeah that too.
Check out the daily drink specials for extra good deals.
Of course, you can customize your... burrito, tacos, tostada, whatever with the toppings of your choice.
And, yes, they still have really good ice.I keep coming back to this place. Their burritos and nachos are so addictive! I'm not too fond of their queso dip, they could change the recipe on that a bit. I love their margaritas! Period!
In order to communicate with them, I use my phone and I list the things I want in my burrito. It's a lot more effective than pointing. These workers aren't really exposed to deaf people much but they're quick learners. 
I keep coming back, and back...and back....A bit pricey -- a lot of add-ons can really get you in terms of the final bill -- this prevented a 5 star rating. Food is fresh and servers are very nice. It is a family favorite.  I had a complaint years ago, when I was charged for water, but apparently I was not the only 1 who compained, and the policy was reversed.Fresh ingredients....mmm. Guac was too spicy for me, and I lurrve guac so that was disappointing that I couldn't enjoy it. Beer was cold and delish. Chips were made fresh. Quiet neighborhood with Frost Top on one side and a wine bar on the other. Great find!Ordered a burrito and was pretty dissapointed.   I think a fast food Mexican place would be betterThe Carnitas is the best meat in my opinion. The chicken tinga is good. The steak is alright. Good guacamole. Great queso. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the slight inconsistencies with every server/burrito maker.I come here every week and the service is excellent. The food is consistently good, and the people are always sweet. Literally my food family, go here and enjoy yourself.For my dollar it's the best casual Mexican around.  I especially like their carnitas.Felipe's is a "quick burrito" place in the style of Izzo's, Chipotle, Q'Doba, etc.  
This would be 5 stars if the service was more friendly and if the prices for extra toppings weren't such a mystery.  It seems like many of these burrito places love hitting you with an extra dollar or two at the register if you put guac on something, which has come to be expected, but I'm pretty sure I've been charged extra for shredded cheese here, as well.  It also seems as though the employees have a "hurry up and get out of here" mentality.  
That being said, the food is excellent and the prices are fair.  I recommend the burritos (with choice of numerous meats or vegetarian).  I've liked the chicken tinga and fried fish burritos the most.  Also, the "Felipe's Special," which is chips with queso, guac, and salsa is a great side.  The tacos are good, too.  
I will continue to go back to Felipe's.  Probably my favorite burritos, and at a good price.One word to describe this place: Delicious! I have tried the chicken quesadilla which is delish! My other family members have tried the fish, shrimp, and chicken tacos and they love it! Another reason I love this place is because it"s really close to my school, so any time I get hungry after school, I can just go to Felipe's for a bite. Yum!Good burritos that can be customized anyway you want them at a reasonable price.  The only downside is the fact that the margarita on the rocks was unbearably bad the last time I had it.The food is very good and affordable. The young guys at the counter who make the dishes don't always listen and you may end up with ingredients that they think you should have though you didn't want them.Felipe's will forever be my "goto" Mexican spot in New Orleans. It's quick, cheap, and delicious! What more could a person want from a taqueria style joint? Their are 3 different locations and the quality of the food and attractive ambiance is equivalent in all three. If you ever have a craving for a burrito or nachos, look no further. This is the place for you. And to top it all off, their frozen margaritas are worth every penny.The Felipe's Taqueria's are among the best Mexican restaurants I have experienced.  The ingredient are fresh down to the salsa's.  Everything is grilled and not fried.  The customer can mix and match ingredients to order over a counter.  The atmosphere is casual and functional and welcoming.  The staff is patient, good-humored and helpful describing ingredients.  The customer can go fully vegetarian or  carnivorous.  You won't find the sugary sauces and limp,pale ingredients you find in most Mexican restaurants.  It is a joy to dine at any of the Felipe taquerias!Me and a few of my friends visited New Orleans for the first time last week. We were most excited to eat authentic Louisiana food, but found ourselves eating at Felipe's for 3 out of the four days that we were in NOLA! You could say we fell in LOVE. The employees were so friendly and the food was delicious. I really enjoyed the taco salad and super burrito. Both were very filling and yummy. I also tried the nachos with carnitas and it was so good! The overall environment was so welcoming and fun as well. On the other side of the restaurant was a bar so you could enjoy a refreshing margarita with your delicious Mexican meal. I wish we had a Felipe's in Maryland!!!So-so burritos, and they won't give you tap water. How in-gracious is that?Best fresh Margs in town and the service is excellent! Ask for Mary if your at the bar! She's the best!!! Love ya girlNo one beats Felipe's!! Fresh ingredients, great cocktails! Taco Tuesday is such a great deal!!! We go all the time and just cannot get enough!I like that this location is closer to my house uptown. I usually go to the one on carrollton but this is my new favorite because it isn't ever too packed and also they have a water station for customer access unlike the carrollton location. They also have the cilantro onion mix on the salsa bar. Also the brownies are heaven. Very gooey and tastes like brownie batterSpeaking of businesses getting better, New Orleans local version of Chipotle is really stepping up their game. Well seasoned meats, great cheeses and fresh veggies makes this place a winner. Also they do cheat you on portions here either. The biggest bang for you buck are the nachos which can come customized to your liking with two kinds of cheese toasted to stay crisp under an avalanche of toppings. Great to share and each person will be satisfied. Great place for you vegans also with a large selection of items.Felipe's is perfect for what it is: a laid-back, always poppin', relatively inexpensive taqueria.  The restaurant is build-your-own style (think Subway), which is great if you're not trying to sit down and wait for 45 minutes to rip into a burrito.  No worries though because the food is always fresh... just gotta be careful about all the add-ons jacking up the price of an otherwise cheap burrito.  Tip: if you're a first timer, check out the menu before ya head over there because they're not too fond of you staring at the menu overhead or your options in front of you for several seconds before ordering.  They're fast paced and expect you to be too. 
My favorite part about Felipe's: $3 margaritas on Wednesday and Friday! Talk about a great way to get through the week or to start your weekend! The ritas are strong and delicious, arguably the best frozens in the city.  
Parking and getting a table can be tricky during the height of lunch and dinner hour, but the back patio is a well kept secret that is perfect in the fall and springtime (not too hot, not too cold).Good cheap food. And they have pellet ice.Well we went here on a recommendation from a local here in New Orleans. They raved about the food. Well I do have to say that the chicken burrito that I got was pretty good. We have a ton of these burrito type places back in Virginia and this was way better. 
I do have to say that the pricing convention left me feeling a little uneasy. I got what I thought was a basic burrito and at the register they just kept adding additional charges to my bill. It ended up being too difficult to even question what the charges were for due to a huge language barrier with the staff. This language barrier seemed to appear right when I questioned how my burrito went up over $3 with extra charges. Kind of ironic....
With all that being said, I am still planning in going back and did really enjoy my burrito.Best. Burritos. Ever.  The chicken and steak are amazing, the other food is awesome, and I go here about once a week.  I simply have never had better Mexican food... anywhere.  It has an efficient assembly-line process and a great bar.This fast and authentic joint is my go-to on crammed days/nights.  The staff all speak Spanish, and are extra friendly if you attempt to order in Spanish.  The food is always fresh and the prices are unbeatable. I've been going here for 4 years and it's consistently good.  
I usually get a super burrito but the tacos are awesome and the guacamole is wonderful.Four stars, yes that about sums it up.  Felipe's is such a quick and easy meal, on occasion it's hard to pass up!
If you're looking for Ozzy then you've got the wrong place that's Chipotle and boy do I miss me some Chipotle.
So, if you do manage to make it over to Felipe's I really enjoy the super burrito, it comes with just about everything you can think of and bonus you could brush up on your Espanol while you're here too!!
If you're in a rush or just don't feel like cooking then go for it!Used to be five-star tier. The food* and bar staff are all still top notch. 
The last three times I've been there was a horrendously long line. This is speculation on my part but I think the problem is online / food delivery app orders. The restaurant gets inundated with these orders which take priority over the constantly replenished line of people waiting to order. I feel bad for the food crew, having to hustle so much. 
*protein portion size has occasionally been inconsistent with expectations. Double check for your burrito bowl's tortillas. 
**and personally I think if you only want rice or beans but not the other, you should be able to get double rice. or double beans. but that's a Felipe's at large issue. Not specific to the location.
Bottom line: It's Felipe's. It's great. But I'm hoping someone in charge reconsiders their mobile ordering operation soon.
edit: I've since been during a week day happy hour and afternoon on  a Saturday. Wasn't crowded or slow and the food was still great.This is the best place for cheap mexican food in New Orleans (or Cambridge!)
The chalupa is friggin ridiculous!  A fried burrito?!  Whoa.  
What makes Felipe's special is it's unabashed inexpensive food.  It's just cheap!  And it's pretty healthy and fresh, too -- depending on how much sour cream a guacamole you go for.
The meat choices are pretty extensive, save for my American ground beaf taco salad.  There is something for everyone at Felipe's.  The salsas are to die for...After moving to New Orleans this summer, we stopped into Felipe's to grab burritos for ourselves and the friends that helped us unload our giant U-haul.  The portions were good, the food was hot - I had no complaints. 
Since then, we've gone back a few times - less exhausted and more attentive to the menu & pricing.   A few of the men working the line are very pleasant and efficient, however some of them look downright miserable to be making your burrito.   Once I corrected the guy making my food after her put the wrong ingredients into my burrito, he angrily threw his spoon down and made me feel like it was MY fault that he made a mistake.  
By the time you get to the cash register, your $5 burrito now costs almost $10 - since you pay extra for guacamole and sour cream, even on their so-called "super" burrito.  What?! 
I guess I miss the taquerias of California, where the food was fresh, fast, and cheap.  If these guys want to charge what they do for a mediocre burrito, the least they could do is smile and pretend to give a little bit of customer service.If you're craving Mexican, this is the place to go! The grilled veggies will blow your mind. Everything is piping hot, fresh and the servers have gotten it down to a science.Solid Mexican place, considering it's in New Orleans. It's hard to impress me in this realm, as I was born and raised in California.
This place immediately reminded me of my favorite Mexican joint in Berkeley--same prep of tortillas and set-up of burrito fixings. I got the Carnitas, as that is always my judge of a good Mexican place. It was good, but not knock-me-off-my-seat good. I also would have liked the burrito a little crispier...it was pretty one-note in texture. Good tasting, but not challenging to the mouth. I did get the queso dip, which was pretty bomb. I could see myself drinking that stuff if the mood struck.
I got a margarita on the rocks, which was pretty good...again not terribly impressive. I did get this sangria + frozen margarita slushy thing (the bartender said the name but...I had already had a margarita or two so I didn't really hear). THAT was pretty bomb, so ask for it. I haven't seen anything like that before so try it out.
I want to go back to try the nachos...I saw several people get them and they looked really awesome--giant mountain of chips and everything.Good old honest Mexican food. Nothing fancy it flashy here, just your money's north and there's nothing wrong with that. Margaritas are pretty good, but not as strong as some I've had other places. I go back for the refried beans  and quesadillas though.This place is good. If you're drunk it's amazing and lets face it you're in close proximity to prime drinking spots.. you are probably intoxicated by the time you get here. It's fun , fast paced, you can customize your food kind of like a more authentic drunken Izzo's. Although I like this place better, but that could be the alcohol speaking of course. Have a quesadilla or a burrito and a drink of course!!Love this restaurant!! I always sit at the bar and the seasoned bartenders are the BEST! As for the new help... we'll he has a lot to learn and needs to keep his eyes upCheap. Fast. Fresh. Delicious. Fish tacos and Al Pastor are the best. The salsa bar is great. Love the skinny girl margaritas.Amazing tortilla soup! And the margaritas are pretty good too.
Also, I always sit at the bar-- like anywhere else --some bartenders are better than others.I'd say these burritos are much better than Juan's Flying as it isn't as greasy and it's fast. Doesn't have much of an atmosphere (at least the Uptown one) but their super burrito carnitas keep me coming back again and again.Tasty and plentiful, Felipe's is a place in the same vein as Izzo's or Chipotle. Pick your size burrito (or taco, etc), pick your meat, pick your fixin's. The flavors here are fantastic and service good. So why four stars? Because the pricing on the menu is a bit deceptive and a lot of the fixings cost an additional charge. I can understand guacamole, but charging for sour cream? Considering my typical taco/burrito is meat, sour cream, guacamole, and some kind of sauce you can see how the price can easily climb quickly.This is the best taquiera in the area.  I love the steak chimichanga, a deep fried burrito covered in queso..  The queso they cover it in is awesome.   The steak is never fatty and has an excellent grilled flavor.  I also get the steak plato.  I think it is a better deal than getting tacos because you get a lot of rice and beans and all the fixing plus some tortillas for about the price of two tacos. You can add a drink chips and queso to your order for a couple of bucks.
The churros are delicious too. Terrill them you want one when you first order.