I am going to take a stand and defend Fellini's today! 
I'll admit it . . . historically, service has been slow, but I will base this review on today's experience, which was delightful!
Weather is lovely today, so we sat down for an outdoor lunch . . . as far as outdoor seating goes, Fellini's has to be my favorite. It's a nice, quiet segment of Carrollton, with streetcar view and all that. 
We arrived at about 12:30pm, which ought to be in the middle of the lunch rush, but it didn't seem too hectic today . . . it wasn't empty or anything, but it didn't have that frantic vibe either.
Our server (bless her heart, I can't remember her name!) was attentive, but not overbearing, and I had plenty of diet coke, which always puts me in a decent mood. :-) 
I ordered off the specials board . . . Fish & Chips . . . and I gotta tell ya, that was the best catfish I've had in a long time! Not at all muddy tasting, and with a nice light breading. "Chips" were homestyle steak fries, and were hot and crispy and devoured within a few minutes. Oh, and the food came out quickly, as did the bill, which our server happily split three ways for us (and everyone knows dividing by three is way harder!).
Would I go back? Hell yeah, I go there every time we have an unseasonably pretty day! And today was just a great dining experience all around. Keep it up, Fellini's! This is more like it. :-)I kinda like their pizza.  nothing to get too excited about but it is good.  calzone aint bad either.  its just a place to eatHad the gyro sandwich that came with pasta salad. My friend had their tomato soup. Gyro had lettuce that was wilted and the meat was bland. Pasta salad was bland. Tomato soup was just ok, more like sauce not soup.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing. I heard their pizza is what you should get. Though I don't plan on coming back for a whileNice fresh ingredients. They lean to the healthy side which is good.  Service is prompt and courteous. Had sandwiches the times I have stopped here for lunch so I can't say I have tried a lot of things here. Plan to go back though.Last night my friend and I met at Fellini's for dinner.  It was a lovely afternoon and we looked forward to sitting out on the patio and enjoying the weather.  Having been to this restaurant a few years back, I remember it being quite tasty.  This time...the food was mediocre at best.  I had the Roasted eggplant sandwich.  The waitress did inform me however, that it is not actually roasted but breaded instead.  I love eggplant cooked anyway, so I still proceeded with this order.  The bread was fresh, but the sandwich lacked flavor...it was almost like they baked up a frozen eggplant patti?  I don't know how else to describe it.  The side of pasta salad was also bland.  How do you not do pasta salad well?
My friend ordered the fettuccini alfredo, she was initially excited because she had been craving pasta.  She didn't even put a dent in it.  She said it just wasn't that good...no flavor to it.  Basically, it wasn't worth the calories.  She didn't even take her leftovers (which was nearly a full plate) home.  
Our waitress was very pleasant and provided good service. We never had to ask for a re-fill on our iced tea and she checked on us periodically.  The patio was also great with a nice breeze and shade provided by big umbrellas.
Overall, and most importantly, they are really just lacking in flavorful food.  We decided to put Fellini's on our don't mind if I don't eat here again list.  What a shame, it is in a great location and has a nice setting.Cool little spot a few blocks from where we stayed. Their alligator sausage is great...spinach "puffs" were a bit salty. Love that they alcohol sales set up outside...A big reason I love this area is being able to walk around with open containers. I'd like to return here to check out the rest of their menuHonestly, there isn't much to say about this divey place, but it is Yummmmmazing! I am in love with the Feta Rolls..this light, warm, puffy-treat dipped in marinara sauce will make you never want to eat a regular mozzarella stick again! The pizza was deeeeeelicious! xoxo
BTW: I have pics will post them later!I use to come here often for their shrimp wrap. It is the best thing they have (but just my opinion). I have tried a lot of other entrees, but was just not a fan. The spinach triangles appetizer is really good though. Parking is limited. The service is so so. We've had some really good days, but I have had more slow days with the service here.I LOVED Fellini's Cafe. We went one Sunday afternoon--the service was quick and great. I am a vegetarian and I ordered a vegetarian sandwich that was delicious. The price was also great for the service and amount of food. The food had a ton of flavor, and I was overall extremely satisfied with this place. I look forward to returning!Great location....great patio. Service seems nice enough....
Food = BLAND.  It's lasagna smothered in tomato paste....yay.  Pasta for $13.75 that would taste as good if I threw some jarred maranara on some linguini.  wow....
This place could be so good. And seems like it should be. But  They don't use good ingredients and the food is tasteless.  9.25  Sandwiches that too are small and would be better going to Subway.  At least I'm full there for $6.00While visiting New Orleans, my boyfriend and I were on the hunt for good deals to cut down on expenses.  When we found a groupon for Fellini's, we decided we would try it out.  Not typical southern, New Orleans, creole, cajun cuisine, but we were looking for a good deal.  After mixed reviews on yelp, I was concerned but open to try it!  When we arrived, we weren't sure if the place was open because there were no cars in the lot or people on the patio.  Due to the lack of customers, we definitely received great service!  We decided to try the feta triangles after seeing pictures of them on yelp.  They did not disappoint.  Then we dug into a spicy chicken pizza.  The pizza was really tasty, not too spicy.  My only suggestion would be not so many garlic cloves.  The pizza had whole garlic cloves which provided a nice garlicy flavor, but I could have done with fewer.  Overall, we had a great experience!This place is AWFUL. Messed up my order TWICE in one night, TWICE in one week. Management was unapologetic. Really sucks because the food is good. But too pricey of a place to constantly mess up food orders. I will NEVER order from here EVER again.1st time here. Have been wanting to go for a while so a co-worker and I ended up here. We are both so glad we did. Light, refreshing, reasonably priced place. Quick and efficient service. I had the shrimp wrap with pasta salad.  It was just the right size for lunch. Loved it.I really do like the food - quick, easy "Italian cafe" food with salads, sandwiches, pizzas and the like.  However, the service is GOD AWFUL during lunch - they've been in business for a while, so you'd think they'd know they get a pretty decent lunch crowd to staff up and prepare some of the food so you get the lunches quicker.  I've gone multiple times and had to spend 1.5 hrs, which just isn't feasible for business lunch aspects.  I'll stick to just ordering take out, which seems to come out quicker than the table service.Take that one star a ZERO, because that's what I meant. 
This place was the worst dining experience in the history of food. My wife and I ate at this joke of a cafe after the New Orleans rock n' roll marathon because we were starving and there was no other convenient option. I know it's been a while but I just managed to remember the name of the place having blocked it out due to the horrendously awful experience.  Had I had any idea of the ineptitude and foolishness I was about to endure I would have just eaten grass or paper. Here's a time line of everything they did to ruin an otherwise great day:
12:30: arrive, told sit anywhere by someone we could only assume worked there.
12:45: Flag down the guy we were told was our server, order drinks.
1:00: Ask the manager why our drink order still hadn't been filled, were told "we're really busy" as she sped by.
1:10: Get drinks, place order, ask for 2 checks, told that's fine. 
1:45: 3 of four orders arrive, one missing soup, one missing salad. Employees telling incoming customers "we're closed, come back at 2:30" instead of something sensible like "we're short handed and experiencing longer wait times"
2:00: soup and salad arrive, recipients already done with entrees.
2:10: Fourth order finally arrives, is wrong, looks old. 
2:30: Check arrives, not separated. Can't help but notice quite a few empty, dirty tables and a waiting area still full of people. 
2:40: Separated check arrives, separated wrong.
3: 00: Server is no where to be found. Corrected check still not arrived, we leave, no one seems to notice. 
We told all of the people waiting there that we had been there for two and a half hours and that the staff was incompetent. Some left, some stayed. Not only was the staff completely incompetent, they girl who seemed to be in charge was very short and rude any time anyone asked her about any situation. Our waiter (if you could even call him that) was inattentive and completely uninterested in helping us at best. The place was bad four just 4 people, I would imagine bringing a big group there would be a nightmare.  
None of the food was impressive, the gyros was clearly prepackaged, reheated crap, not the good roasted in house kind. Food was grossly overpriced considering the lack of quality. 
Fellini's made me not want to eat out anywhere for a while. I've had better service and food from the overnight shift at a McDonald's in the worst part of Baton Rouge than I had at this joke of a restaurant. How this place is still open is mind blowing. Who ever's running this place needs to consider a career change and the ownership should be ashamed of how their patrons are treated. I emailed the management email address on their website and never received a reply. 
Screw Fellini's Cafe. Worst Restaurant in the World.Yet another Italian fusion place much like Fresco Cafe and the like.  Calzones, pizzas, pasta dishes, hummus, and fancy salads.  You get the idea I'm sure.
The food was acceptable but not innovative.  Also, the service was downright rude to my large (young) and extremely well-mannered group.  
I'd appreciate it if they didn't make assumptions that we'd be loud or wouldn't tip.
Food: 3 *s
Service: 2 *sOverall, this place is nothing better than mediocre. The food is bland, the service isn't great, and it's not super clean. The lamb was very dry and tough. There are much better places in the area.5 stars for the lavish rolls. Mushroom or chicken parm- ive never been disappointed. 
Also, 5 stars for being the place my husband and I were engaged at! Right on their sweet little patio. This place holds a special place in my heart. 
Good food, Abita bottles, and an incredibly romantic ambiance. :)Chicken parmesan Lavash Roll was hit at our table.
Stopped in at Fellini's by accident while looking for a bite on way out of town. Ye Olde College Inn was closed and this was nearby. I knew nothing of Fellini's otherwise.
The food was enjoyable to our hungry crew but surely not superlative. A meat-lover's pizza was ordered and eagerly scarfed down by some. 
But the real hit turned out to be the chicken parmesan "Lavash" roll. What the heck a "lavash" is, I really don't know. The Fellini's version is like a burrito rolled inside of a very crispy pizza dough--not as thick as a calzone, but thicker than your usual tortilla. At any rate, it was deemed a worthy dish and shared enthusiastically by all at the table.
Service was attentive to the point of overweaning. We had refill upon refill of our soft drinks (as we should have, I realized when I later noticed they cost like $2.30 a piece for a fountain diet coke).
Will I make a point to stop at Fellini's every time I pass over Carrollton Ave? No. Would I go there regularly if it was in my neighborhood? Yes. But, they would need to find a way to moderate their prices before I visited too regularly!I went for dinner last night, with an advance warning that the food was pretty good but the service was glacial. There was only one waitress and I felt bad for her. It wasn't super busy but she seemed a little overwhelmed. 
I ordered a chicken parmesean lavash wrap with Caesar salad and it was great. My friend had the spinach lavash and it looked good, but she said the accompanying pasta salad was bland and dry. My mom got the shrimp kebabs which were disappointing. The shrimp were dry and unseasoned, but the Fellini's salad was good (all according to her).
The worst part was that shortly after sitting, the crew started sweeping the floors in the kitchen with straight bleach!! It was hot and the doors were closed so the smell grew to be overwhelming quickly. My eyes were burning and watering. If they were trying to clean before closing, that's a pet peeve, especially since they were supposed to be open another 4 hours. If there was a sewage issue or something, it made me wonder if my food was safe and clean!! 
The patio area looked great. If I go back, I will definitely sit on the patio and order a lavash wrap.THE SERVICE HERE IS HORRIBLE. IF I COULD GIVE ZERO STARS, I WOULD. 
The management here obviously doesn't care about service to its customers. I actually witnessed a large table walk out because they had such poor service. (Drinks weren't refilled. Food order took forever.) 
I was with a group of five. We told our server from the start that we would like 4 separate tickets. The server politely informed us that they were not allowed to accommodate that request.... even though we asked from the start. Weird
Anyway, it took a full hour for our food to come out. They were obviously understaffed. Only 2 servers were there and the restaurant is quite large.
If it weren't for the awful service, I would rate the restaurant 3 1/2 out of 5 for having decent food with high quality ingredients at a reasonable price. But as I have emphasized, the service is simply too awful.I was excited to try Fellini's today because I had noticed that a lot of yelpers check in here and it sounded like a good location for lunch.  
So, I went today for lunch and the place was pretty empty.  I ordered the ham and cheese sandwich which came with a side of pasta salad.  Ok, so the sandwich wasn't anything amazing and I've had better pasta salad, but for lunch it wasn't bad.
I'm giving this place four stars for a few other reasons.  There is outdoor seating on a lovely patio.  It seems like a great place to have lunch with girlfriends, sip wine and watch the world go by.  Another good thing about it, although the place is small, there is a nice size parking lot.  One of my biggest pet peeves of other "cafe" type places is lack of parking or super small lots.
Yeah, service was slow, but that's not a huge deal.  I sat at my table and read the latest issue of the "New Orleans Levee".Just as good as Angeli and Italian Pie, but not as cool/welcoming as the former or as cheap as the latter.This is another great place for outdoor dining.  The service is always great.  The food is always fresh.  And, the prices are generally $10-20 per person not including alcohol.  They do have a very reasonably priced by-the-glass wine list too.  Menu suggestions:  seared tuna salad, greek salad, rosemary chicken salad, chicken parm, Greek pizza, spicy chicken pizza, or any of the lavash rolls.So.....I was going to give Fellini's only one star, but they do actually have really delicious food! I have been here a handful of times and have always loved the food, but HATED the service. 
I wanted to highlight some of the positives before I moved on the to hard part. The Greek salad is very good, and its huge. I always ask for the dressing on the side. You can't go wrong with any of the Lavash Rolls! They are so cheesy and delicious, that's what I usually end up getting. And the calzones are good too. 
So, on to the hard part. The service. There is only one way that I can think to describe the service at Fellini's, HORRIBLE! Every time I am there, it's so bad! I really like the food, so I keep going back thinking that the service might improve, but it never does. This weekend was just the icing on the cake. 
I went for lunch on Saturday with my girlfriend, her parents and her sister. Her mom ordered a sandwich with some potato wedges. And when it finally came out, the wedges were soggy. We all tasted them, and they were pretty bad. So, when the waitress came back out, we asked if should could bring some more crispy wedges out. She said no problem and went back inside. 
A few minutes later, a different waitress came out and in the middle of her mom taking a bite, picks up the plate and says "I'll get you some new more crispy potato wedges" and WALKS OFF! Yes, while she was in the middle of eating, she picked up the plate and walked off with it! We are all in shock, because we had never seen anyone do anything like this, that words would not escape our lips. 
And wait it gets better! The waitress takes a few steps and then stops. She turns around and comes back to the table and says there are only six potato wedges on the plate and asked where the rest of them where! What, really? We said that we all tasted them to see if they were any good. Then we told her to put the plate back down on the table, that you don't pick someone's plate up while they are in the middle of eating! She then drops the plate on the table and we told her not to worry about getting us anything else. 
I have see a lot of crazy shit happen, but I was in shock over what she did! I have never been treated so poorly at a restaurant! I think the management here really needs to step it up and get it together! They are not going to earn anyones business on good food alone. People want to be treated right when they go out to eat. 
After writing about this, it has gotten me worked up about the whole thing again, so I'm bumping them down to one star. Get it together Fellini's and maybe you will get better reviews.I live in the area and after moving in, was excited about all of the restaurants we could walk to.  Well...after going to Fellini's once, we haven't been back.  It was ok, but we weren't wow-ed by the food and it seemed over-priced for what you got.  There are lots of other great restaurants in walking distance that we prefer.Hummus Hummus & Hummus. Elle loves her hummus. Fellini's is hummed out. Love the flavor of it with wheat bread. OMG it was the best.  it practically paid for itself. 
We were pleasantly surprised at the taste of the caesar salad dressing. Okay, here is my theory, Fellini's got flava..You have to get in the game and try it. I am not just raving about a restaurant. I am PREACHIN about good service, great food, and awesome ambiance. I was charmed at the locay and the feeling I got at Fellini's. I wrote a song driving home - here goes. OHHHHHH I got a feelin that tonight's gonna be a Fellini night.. LOL 
Now  heading to my 'to go' plate to try the eggplant pasta and wash it down with an abita beer. Keep you posted.Its Italianish meets Middle Easternish food here with ok results at a decent price.  There never seems to be a lot of people in here so you usually get pretty quick service.  The location near City Park is nice along with having a nice patio seating area.  You can definitely get better Italian and Middle Eastern food at other restaurants in the area but I guess they must have something that they might do better here... maybe their salads are a bit better... maybe... sometimes.  
Generally most things are ok and they have some interesting specials but I'm definitely not a fan of their lasagna.  Nothing awful here with many decent items (like pizza) but definitely not my first choice most of the time as it is mostly all a bit blah and bland here and there are just so many better options in the area for my taste.  The food here reminds me of a blander version of Fresco Cafe and Pizzeria on Maple Street.
The draft beer prices are crazy as draft beer should be cheaper than bottles but Abita beer bottles are like $3.50 while draft is $4.25 so that makes no sense.Looking for food in mid city the other night  craving pizza. Order a pizza from Felinis, not necessarily a gourmet pizza but we paid a gourmet price $22. The fixin's of the pizza were as followed; feta, roasted red peppers, garlic and pepperoni a little steep in the price department either that or I have just been out of New York for to long.  We also had a coupon for either a free Caesar a salad or humus and pita. We weren't eligible for the Caesar but we could get a free humus. Boy o boy did we get free humus we got about a scoop, enough for about two of our pita slices.  
Perhaps I'll give it another go in a few months!I like Fellini's!!  I have never experienced the poor wait service that others are talking about and I am quite picky about the service, especially when i take my child.  I have been many times so I have tested them out.  I kind of need immediate service when it comes to her food and mine can take it's time but that has never been a factor here.  
I have had the spaghetti and meatballs which was delicious.  They make their own pizza dough which also recommend.  Their hummus and spinach triangle are excellent apps. Their grilled chicken sandwich is on point, as are the gyros.
They have highchairs which is a plus and are very accommodating to the little ones, plus they have outdoor seating on the patio.  To me this all equates to a 4 star review for meI like this place for their garden pasta. Its fresh and got tons of veggies (which I LOVE) and still tastes pretty good for its "lightness". Both the side salads that can come with it are pretty good too.
Beware: the garden pasta has a decent amount of whole garlic cloves in it. Incredibly delicious but causes quite a bit of strong flatulence lol.Just returned to Fellini's last week. How did I ever overlook the pizza??? Maybe the best pizza in town and only two blocks from home. The patio enticed us to go there last week and boy was I happy. We ordered another pizza over the weekend for take out. Joy! Perfectly done crust, slightly crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. Also they have lovely toppings. We liked the one with the garlic sauce, portobellas, spinich and feta. I think I'll be ordering from there a lot now :)All the food was really good. The homemade balsamic dressing was the bomb! Our server was super friendly and accommodating even for our pain in the butt gluten-free cousin. Pizza was the bestThe
Food is good, the atmosphere is nice, the tables are spread out so you're not crammed in next to strangers and the outside patio is large and very quaint. I got the crawfish Monica and feta rolls. Both were quite tasty! However, we had the WORST service I've ever gotten. The waitress took 30 minutes to bring our drinks (nonalcoholic), she totally ignored my sister ( tried to walk away before taking her drink and food order. We had to walk up to the host stand for all of our refills and to bring our cards to pay. They don't split checks there, btw. Someone needs to fire that girl asap! At one point she said sorry it's really hectic in here.... There were THREE tables in there including us!!! I've never left such small tip before ($3 on $24) but that was seriously terrible. Waitressing is definitely not her calling!!!Fellini's Cafe is one of my favorite places to eat in the city for one dish and one dish only, the Greek Pizza.
Let's start with, I've tried several things there. The Italian Feast Sandwich was my go to meal before I tried the Greek Pizza. It's a great sandwich and I would give it 4 stars. The pasta is decent. I always add salt, pepper, and parmesan cheese to it once it's at the table. For me, the pasta is average. But, no one can be great at everything so I roll with it. 
But, the real selling point for me is the Greek Pizza. If you're anything like me, you'll look over this pizza many times, but you'll be missing out. It forgoes the standard red sauce for a fabulous garlic sauce. The gyro meat on the pizza is great. The purple onions add a great little crunch. And the feta adds something wonderful to the pizza. (I usually skip the tomatoes, but that's just me. My friend really enjoyed the pizza with tomatoes, so feel free to go for them!) For me, this pizza is my go to pizza when I'm craving a white sauce pizza. Even my husband was wowed by this pizza, and his dream is to open a restaurant with three red sauces. 
Everything we've had here is good, but the Greek pizza is what you have to try. Don't skip it, don't glance over it. Order it! It's the best surprise on the menu!Yay, I'm an A-ok fan? I would opt for 3.5 stars if it was an option so I'll round up. 
Ample outdoor seating, nice casual setting, but not 'hole in the wall' casual. They allow pets on the patio, but ask that you sit in the corner table with them. The restaurant was pretty full, but not crowded at all and I liked the wide age range of guests. 
The menu had plenty of variety, def something for everyone including a nice selection of soups and salads. 
Our server was great, friendly, patient, fast, I just wish she wouldve filled us in on the specials prior to ordering. I passed the chalkboard listing them on the way to the ladies room and saw some option(s) I wouldve ordered instead. 
Everything our table ordered came out fast, hot and looked delicious with great portion sizes, but there was nothing SO good and memorable that I would drive back out there for the food alone. 
In summary, I liked it but nothing was phenomenal! I would say the atmosphere (and service) sold me more than the food! I would recommend for drinks and appetizers (the patio is great for large groups) more than going for dinner.It seems like there couldn't be any way to go wrong with the location/atmosphere, but they managed to. Bland and kinda "icky" food mixed with slow unattentive service make this place a must miss.I have eaten at Fellini's close to 20 times in past five years. I read the reviews and agree with others that service has always been  spotty at Fellini's, but disagree with the vociferousness of the commentary being made. The service can be described as sometimes slow, but I have never found it discourteous.
My wife and I and two children always sit on the outside patio. The children's menu is lacking, but we have always found the staff to be accommodating of children, even when less than perfect.
The chicken lavash (sp?) is the best on the menu. Pizzas are good. 
Try this place out after taking in the New Orleans Museum of Art or the other offerings of City Park.Food is awesome! Lavash wraps are really good.... Atmosphere is nice , indoor outdoor mid city vibe. Very nice/casual . But overall their secret wonderfulness is hidden in the PIZZA. They have the best pizza I have ever had. I have lived and eaten in some of the countries best known places for pizza pie (NYC,Boston , Chicago ) and theirs is completely wonderful! The portobello pizza is the champ! Definitely a good place to eat.Loved this place. Good food and good vibes. Wish they had more selection on beers. Most importantly is their awesome house balsamic ... In the words of some hot sauce campaign, I could put that shit on everything. So good that I asked if they sold bottles. Must see stop on the long list of great food in NOLAFellini's is sadly closed now. I believe it will be turning into a BBQ restaurant. Hopefully the new place will offer a bit of a new option to the neighborhood.Fellini salad with homemade vinaigrette was delish as was so warm muffaletta the crayfish pasta not too spicy wonderful with fresh bread and the artichoke spinach pizza was wonderful. Nice to sit in the patio in the sun for lunch. Beers were cold. Good service. Beer wine only and no separate checks. Did divide the check in thirds for us.Great sampler appetizer (hummus, spicy tomato dip & grilled portabello) and amazing calzones, too!  Our service was just fine, maybe it is a better idea to eat there during non-peak times.Pretty good all around food. Get the Chicken Caesar wrap with the pasta salad. Parking is few and far between but the location is central to the CBD, Uptown and City Park.The food is forgettable, and the service leaves a lot to be desired, particularly if you're sitting outside.  It's nice to be out on the patio on a nice day, though, and watch the streetcar pass on its way to and from City Park.Fellini's Cafe is a perfect little place to eat lunch, though I have to agree with the other reviews and say that the service can be hit or miss at times. There is a female waitress there that has ruined my experience there the past few times I have been there. She always acted like she hates her job, hates people, and always gives me a feeling that there is spit in my food, despite there being absolutely no negative interaction with her. I went there again recently and had a male waiter that was very kind and attentive; it was really nice!
The food is pretty good and there are many options for vegetarians, which I love. One of my favorites is the appetizer sampler with their amazing hummus and tomato dip. I wish I knew how to make the tomato dip because I could eat it everyday and never grow tired of it. Their portabello mushroom sandwich is also one of the best I've ever had. I've had a few other things (their lavash rolls are decent) but those are what stands out to me.    
Anyway, if you haven't been, you should give this place a try!I tried the fish and chips...it was terrible. I probably won't be going back. The service was, however, decent. The service would have been good but they didn't bring water right away-we had to ask for it. Generally speaking, I have a negative opinion of most places that don't bring water right away as it should be automatic IMO. .This place was alright. We went on a Saturday night and noticed it wasn't very crowded at all...red flag? I wanted to have a few cocktails but I was disappointed that they did not have a full bar - beer and wine only. 
We ordered the feta rolls appetizer (cheese sticks with feta cheese) and holy Houdini those things were amazing!
I ordered the seared tuna salad for my entree and the tuna kinda tasted like air. I know that's weird but...I really don't know how else to describe it. My husband got the Meatball Lavash and he complained that it wasn't very spicy.
They do deliver, which is cool. There's one big screen TV on one wall that was showing CNN while we were there and a really nice patio outside. The service was good, I just wish the food had been better.
rviceFood was good and service was fast. I ordered a chicken pita roll, and my friend ordered a sandwich. We each spent $9.25. It was a big portion of food, so the food is definitely worth the money. The grilled chicken in my pita roll tasted great, and the pasta salad that came with if was nice and fresh.This place still ROCKS!! I can't wit to sit outside to eat a salad and soup.The pizzas get 4.5 stars.  Especially the BBQ chicken.
Everything else gets one star, especially  the prices.  Hummus should NEVER cost $7, and if it does, I better get a gallon of it and not have to ask for extra pita.  One time, a calzone had *literally* 24 whole garlic cloves.  I counted them. Crazy.
The service is mediocre at best.  It's a shame too because this place in a great location and has a nice patio.  Lower prices and better service might get me to go back.Service is always slow.  I don't even bother dining in anymore.  And will likely be skipping all together now that I picked up 3 bowls of lukewarm soup for 9 dollars a pop.  9 dollar soup?!  Craziness.I like Felini's.  I have only been here for lunch, but its good lunch food.  It appears that other people might agree because its always packed at lunch time.  This last time I had the rosemary chicken salad.  They have a good amount of vegetarian selection as well which can make it good for a diverse group.  I really love that they give you cheese bread sticks with their salads.  The service was decent.    
This place is good for lunch with co-workers and eating light food outside when the weather is warm.
I'd like to come back to try the dinner next time.This is a nice place to go for a quick and simple lunch on a pretty day. By "simple lunch" I mean pizzas, calzones and wraps, pasta and a few salads. I've had the shrimp caesar wrap and the chicken portabello calzone and both were ok. The portions are plentiful so you'll have leftovers. I do like that it's spacious, never crowded, has prompt service, and inexpensive. The patio area is the highlight so plan to go on a sunny day.You know when you're eating pizza and it's so damn good you almost bite off your fingers in the process? Yeah it's that good.  I ordered the American 10" pizza and it was superb. My daughter ordered the seared tuna salad and it was delicious.  The tuna was fresh and seared perfectly and the salad was fresh with plenty of greens.  The house-made balsamic glaze sauce was amazing.  Started with the portobello appetizer and it was really good.  Server was prompt and even noticed the mushroom was smaller than normal large size (barely) so they brought out another complimentary serving.   Fellini's offers affordable, great good, in a scenic neighborhod.  This is one place I'm definitely coming back to.I like the outdoor seating. The service is good but can be a bit slow at times. I'm a fan and will continue to visit. The gyro is great! The salads are great! Really everything is great.  have not had a bad meal yet!Fellini's is a casual dining spot and it's one of my "get out of town" places, meaning that when I'm leaving town, it's a good place to stop and get lunch before my plane leaves because it's got pretty good food and it's location makes it pretty easy to get my rental car back to the airport in plenty of time before a flight.
I had a salad, artichoke soup (from the specials board that day), and the Crawfish Monica pasta when I was there. The salad was fresh and a good starter and the artichoke soup was okay; it had a little too much lemon juice so it was a bit tart for my taste but it's so rare to see artichoke soups in restaurants that I had to try it - the best artichoke soup I ever had was in Duarte's Tavern in Pescadero, CA. The salad and the soup would have been enough for a light lunch since I got some fresh bread rolls with it though I don't remember which it came with. 
At any rate, I kept seeing calzones the size of compact car hubcaps going by while I was eating so I will have to try one the next time I'm in town. The Crawfish Monica pasta had a butter and garlic-based sauce that went perfectly with the pasta and crawfish. I knew that I would only eat a little bit of the pasta at lunch and had a gallon-size ziplock bag for the leftovers to eat on the plane trip home. I finished the rest of the pasta on the plane, much to the envy of my fellow passengers who had peanuts, pretzels, and soda for their dining experience. There was more sauce and crawfish left so when I got home, I boiled some angel hair pasta so the sauce made for another satisfying meal. 
I'd come back to this place.One of the best Caesar Salads I've ever had.
The calzone's are amazing as well.Felini's Cafe is two blocks from my house. I really like the huge portobella sandwich which I get with fries (more of potato wedges). I always take 1/2 home and have another meal out of it. In general this place is good, but not great. The patio is lovely and the service has always been fine when I have been. 
Had a friend who worked here years ago and said the owner was really awful and refused to put on a full staff causing the servers to become overwhelmed...wonder if this counts for all the bad service reviews. 
At any rate, I'm sure I will find myself eating there again, when the fridge is empty and I am too tired to cook.I have two dogs at home. I didn't ask for the leftovers to go.Maybe if we had eaten here at the beginning of the week I would have given it more stars. But I doubt it. The space could be great, but it's not. Wait staff painfully inattentive.  The food is boring and not well made.  New Orleans is known for its food.  But this place is in serious need of an overhaul.  Especially with a fabulous restaurant across the street.Felini's Cafe has a great location.  Very close to City Park which is great for people in the area.  Parking is plenty, and it's right near a bar if you want to walk over after a quick bite.  They have a limited well bar and several wine options.  Not the best, but a good enough selection.  
The food options are plenty, from pizza, to pasta, to sandwiches.  The portions are big, and the flavors are ok, just nothing new.  I loved their pizza, it was really fresh, but their pasta salad was just bland and didn't taste fresh or springy.  It tasted typical and just a little uneventful.  My friends had their lavash wrap and said it was super tasty.  their pesto dish was overwhelming with oil and pesto.  The first few bites were great, but a headache soon followed from the amount of pesto.   We ended the night with dessert, which was very chocolatey and yummy.   
A few things to note, great location, but they CLOSE way too early. I think their last call for food is at 9pm.  So get there early if you don't want to be rushed.    Their service is fine.  They had plenty of waitstaff, so the service was fine.We really enjoyed this restaurant!  It was recommended by a friend (I always like those!).  I ordered the Seared Tuna Salad, the combination of flavors, greens, avocado and dressing were a medley for my mouth.  The atmosphere was nice and relaxed, definitely casual.  When you go, if it's raining, turn the handle and PULL the door, sometimes it sticks!  On the flip side, the customers will gladly open the door to let you in.  The menu was full of wonderful choices so you won't be at a loss for what to eat.They had some kind of Event Mid city so the whole area was active. We were driving down Carrolton Ave and seen Fellini's and had not been there in years. Parking is a little tight since i got a full sized Truck, but was able to get in and out with any problems. We first sat outside to take in the scenic views, but it was too hot so we sat inside. The Service people were extremely friendly and very helpful. I love when you can see into the Kitchen and watch them as they cook, guess i have seen to many Kitchen Nightmares and don't trust most cooks. At first it looked like the food was coming out a little slow, but it was some large groups of people so it was a bunch at each time. I ordered the Italian feast Sandwich, wife got the Greek Salad, and we split a small American Pizza. My sandwich was awesome wouldn't change a thing, my wife salad she said it tasted really good, but she had to cut up the veggies since it was still large chunks. The pizza was great, everything tasted fresh and we had a great time. The bill was what i expected it be and well worth it, i smelt our leftovers the whole way home and it made an awesome midnight snack. If your in the area i would highly recommend this place.Delicious! And wonderful service! Will definitely be coming back again. BBQ chicken pizza was incredible!I liked the place.  After reading past reviews that ran the complete gamut, I was a little hesitant to try this spot.  Previous reviewers seem to either love or hate this place.  We decided to brave it anyway and left glad that we did.  My kiddos and I were looking a quiet spot to ready and eat lunch after an adventurous day in City Park.  I immediately liked the ambience of this place.  The interior is light, airy and clean despite the historical feel of the building.  The patio looked warm and inviting, but my fatigued prodigy would have revolted if I tried to deprive them of 'much-needed AC'.  Oh, and they are dog-friendly which is a major plus considering proximity to the park.  
     Service was good, but nothing that blew me away.  Our server was polite and attentive, checking on us like clockwork and quickly bringing back anything requested.  It took a bit of time for the food to come out, but they had warned us before we sat down that the oven was acting up and out server did continue to keep us in the loop.  It wasn't a terribly bad wait, especially considering the restaurant was about half full shortly after the lunch rush.
     My oldest son ordered the Chicken Parmesan on Lavash roll.   On paper, it sounded like a weird combination.  However the lavash bread perfectly complemented and contained all that chix parm!  And his pasta salad, the default side for most items, was pretty good.  It was moist but not extremely flavorful, which suited kid who loves bland foods perfectly.  The youngest man cub ordered BBQ pulled pork sandwich plate, which was a special for that day.  I thought it was pretty tasty, but my son couldn't stop raving about how 'amazing' it was.  Lastly, I got the Fellini's Special sandwich and paid $1 more to substitute their house salads, just so I could show my kids that even adults eat vegetables.  The salad ended up being the best part of my dish.  It was a basic spring mix with artichoke hearts, red onions, tomatoes, cucumber, etc mixed in and served with their delicious house balsamic vinegarette.  Even my son enjoyed his salad and he can be kinda picky about all those extra veggies thrown on top.  My sandwich wasn't bad but it was pretty forgettable for something bearing the restaurant's name.  The best part was the focaccia bread, which tastes like it might be made in house or at least local.  The chicken was well seasoned but very dry, which I noticed on my son's sandwich also.  His just had a nice sauce to balance it out but mine left me wanting to add some kind of condiment, just to help wash the meat down with.   All in all, it was a  pleasant meal but nothing that blew me away.  We will probably be back on another day when in the areaThere is a ton of delicious food to be had at Fellini's Cafe. Their pizza has a great sauce, crust, and cheese. The toppings are always fresh, I particularly enjoy their meat tease pizza. If pizza is not to your liking, go straight to their lavish rolls, especially the chicken portabella. It has just enough spice and amazing flavor. 
If you want to keep it on the lighter side, their ceaser salad is my favorite in the city. I could eat this salad every day and still not get bored with it. The hummus appetizer is also great.
Cheap prices and good food, what more could you want?So I don't care what everyone else says, I'm a fan of Fellini's Cafe in Mid-City. Yes, it's exactly like Fresco and Angeli on Decatur, and this is part of the reason I go here. All three of these restaurants have one thing in common: an amazing spinach and artichoke sandwich, which is the only thing I ever order when I go. To Fellini's, that is. Sometimes at Angeli I'm pressured into ordering pizza. The spinach and artichoke kind. 
This is the second time I've eaten here in the last few months, and today I was actually en route to Little Tokyo for sushi when conversation turned to the fabulosity that is the weather in New Orleans right now, and I realized that we should totally go eat outside instead of sitting in the dark at Little Tokyo. Thus, I did a dinner plans redirect and headed to Fellini's so we could hang out in their giant courtyard and eat dinner. 
No, scratch that. It wasn't dinner. It was lunch. Just remembered we were there at 4:30 pm, and unsurprisingly there weren't a ton of people there yet. That's even too early for my grandfather, who insists on having dinner at 5 o'clock sharp, and if we happen to be running late he'll usually refuse to eat. Makes for interesting family meals. But I digress. Anyway, I bring this up because 1) I noticed what time it was when we got there, because for a moment I felt a little silly eating dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon, until I remembered that it was actually lunch and 2) technically I also had Fellini's for dinner, since my sandwich was so enormous and tasty that I ate it for dinner a few minutes ago while amusing myself by reading the latest on Yelp Talk New Orleans. (This is getting rather meta, eh?)
The other odd thing I noticed at Fellini's this afternoon was that there were kids everywhere. It seemed like every table except our own had anywhere from 1-5 children sitting at it, to the point that I began to wonder if it was kid's day at the restaurant or something. Pretty sure the reason I even noticed kids in the first place was because of the Yelp survey question "Good for Kids?" Kind of like I noticed, and remember, what time it was because I thought we'd arrived for dinner just in time for the senior citizens early bird special. 
Bottom line: They have great sandwiches. They have a huge courtyard. They're open all the time, it seems, and only occasionally get so busy you're forced to wait for a table. The service is usually pretty good. Our waiter today, William, was excellent. It's one of my favorite neighborhood places, and a frequent source for my fix for those spinach and artichoke sandwich cravings. Like Fresco and/or Angeli? You'll like this place, too.