This place is soooo good. I really think it may be the best burger in town. I wanted to order 1 of everything on the menu, but since I couldn't do that, I  decided to start with the  Dr Seuss Burger...no regrets. I will definitely go back to try the pork. They had just finished roasting it (for 8 hours) and gave us a sample. It was incredible. I Highly recommend Fharmacy.Far more than just a "burger joint". Creative and amazing flavors.  Wings were tremendous, Pastrami sandwich was very good....but the star was the Fharmacy burger.  Wow! Best burger I have had in the city.  A bonafide gourmet food experience...on a fluffy, buttery brioche bun. 
On top of the food, the owners and staff are amazing personalities.
My family and I just left.  Tonight was our first visit.  We will most definitely visit regularly.Food is wonderful and very flavorful!  Staff and service could not be better!
Salads and wraps are excellent and plentiful. The burgers could not be better and the fries are some of the best I've ever eaten. I'm pretty sure they are fried in duck fat. Everything is fresh and made to order. 
I have not had a bad meal here in the many times I've eaten here.  I wasn't going to write a review for the fear that I may not be able to get in when everyone finds out about this fantastic place.   I now know that I can call ahead and place my order.This place is awesome! My favorite is the dr tan burger, by far. Perfect balance of spicy and juiciness with their being too overbearing. One of the many perks here are the extra little awesomeness you randomly get whether it be some special off-the-menu food or a shot or anything else. The guys here are awesome too! Always friendly conversation and really have the need to want to know more about you. I couldn't ask for a better place to eat and hang out in the neighborhood.Every Friday the chef does a new special so naturally I come every Friday.  This place is a gem.  Great atmosphere and even better food.  You'd be doing yourself a disservice to not come and check this place out.Ate here yesterday and the food was the best restaurant food I have ate in a very long time. The ingredients are so fresh and the flavors are so bold. I have found a new regular spot. I had the Dr. Tan burger and my wife have the Italian Beef. We are both from Chicago and the Italian Beef definitely passed the test!!! We will be back very soon.The boudian balls were delicious. The burger was average. The costumer service was terrible.You can keep your Port O Call now that I've had Fharmacy. Hands down the best burger I've ever had! The staff is very friendly and attentive as well. The surrounding neighborhood is a little sketchy, but just put your blinders on because a trip to this little mid city gem is beyond worth it!AMAZING burgers! I got the Dr. Tan and it was so good. Nice a juicy and it kept together which I really appreciated. I hate it when burgers fall apart and you can't really put it down. My friend got the tacos and said they were seasoned really well. Our waiter made sure to check in with us frequently but not annoyingly often. Ambience was nice and relaxed and they were playing some great 70's music. Definitely will be back and will definitely recommend!Friendly, welcoming environment! Large bar area with several tables that are suitable for parties of 2-8. We ordered 3 different appetizers. The Mussels and frites were very yummy. The boudin balls are made to perfection coated in a Panko bread crumb. The wings were fried perfectly and made with a fresh garlic and Parmesan sauce; best Parm sauce I've ever had. It came with a side of freshly sliced carrot and celery sticks and a homemade ranch dip. My son had a cheeseburger and fries. I had the sausage dog with Italian pickled veggies. The staff was very accommodating to children. Salads also looked very appetizing! Thank you Fharmacy for a great food experience!Well, I must say, this place is great. I used the Yelp online ordering thing and when I got there my food was being bagged. Cooks are nice. The inside is a bit small. There's a bar that extends the length of the place. 
Now, I ordered Lemongrass Chicken Tacos and the Fharmacy Burger. The tacos were awesome. The meat was seasoned, there was spice, crunch, color, everything you can expect on a taco. It's served on corn tort, for a minute I thought it was white corn tort. I don't remember because I ate them really fast. This one taco place in Lake Charles (not going to name them) can learn a hell of a lot from this place, number 1 season the meat. 
The burger was nice and medium, the carrots gave it a nice crunch. I'm always down to try new things on old played-out styles of food. The fries were good and plentiful. Fries always shock me because it's just a side and some places just can't seem to get it right. This place gets it, my fries were nice and salty and the ketchup helps cut the salt. 
When I'm back in town, I will come to this place again.The food here is incredible! Excellent New American style food with a strong Vietamese influence. It was our first time here so we had small bites: tasty mussels & fries in a buttery beer base, spicy deep fried Boudin balls, and lemongrass flavored chicken wings. AMAZING!!!
Chien & Vincent are class act hosts and we hope to swap stories again on our next visit to New Orleans. (:Food was decent enough but the service was lacking. The servers were a bit nonchalant and didn't seem to care much about our table. Ordered drinks but had to grab them from the bar ourselves. Not to mention when they were closing the server finally paid attention and started to clear our table (and our half full drinks) which really irritated.I came here for the first time to support a friend hosting a NOLA tech week event. Fharmacy dos a great job with this, from creating a special menu specifically for the event to attentively monitoring the needs and level of food put out. I wouldn't of thought of this location for such a purpose but they more than met the mark and would certainly use them if I were hosting my own event!
On top of that, everything was delicious- boudin egg rolls to vegetarian ratatouille bruschetta to lemongrass wings, their kitchen has a command of a wide variety of techniques.Food was out of this world, and the owners were so nice. Chatted with us the whole time and gave us free dessert. We got the boudin balls, wings, and mussels. Everything was killer. Have fun!!!!Yeah it's awesome.  I have been quite a few times in past months, including (somewhat embarrassingly) a visit for dinner followed by lunch the next day.  Each time brings some surprises.  The first time I went the wife and ordered wings and burgers only to find the chef was making a ridiculous hamachi special - picture attached.  That followed for dessert.  The menu is basically like if you put all the comfort foods I want onto a single piece of paper.  Boudin balls, wings, mussels and fries, giant burgers, italian beef sandwiches ... The execution is great and they don't play around with spice.  I love their "emergency room" wings but have so far been too scared to try the "ECU" insanely hot option.  Mussels, burgers, sandwiches are excellent.  Particularly like their french fries.  Throw in really friendly service and cheap beer on tap and it is easily worth the drive to mid city for me.This place is the best.. ppl are great and the food is awesome. Great place to chill and have a couple of cold onesAwesome!  
I had the Chicago Itllian Beef and my wife had the Fharmacy burger.  It was the best burger of her life she said, and we have done a trial of burgers through many states.  
The place is in an old shotgun with a bar.  Great staff.  They make all their stuff in house and it's all amazing.  I am excited go back.  The burger is a mix of beef, short rib and brisket maybe, it's awesome.  go here. now.Amazing food. Best burger I've ever had. If you don't like the Dr Tan Burger, then just do yourself a favor and make your own. Their ground meat mixture is perfection. Lemongrass Chicken wings are also amazing.
Don't sleep on this place.LEGIT bar food!
Let's say the area can be a bit questionable, but hey don't let that stop you from coming in. The building has a very "new orleans" shotgun style, very cozy and narrow. There's only a few tables that seats four, most are two seaters or bar seating.
We ordered:
Mussels & Frites - $MKT - Asian style
The broth/sauce had the perfect amount of coconut milk and spices. I want to say they used hoegarden beer which is one of my favorites. The mussels itself had a nice sweet taste, a tad bit on the small side. Don't forget to dunk your fries in it! Also, this is apparently very popular, we were lucky enough to get the last batch!
Wings - Buffalo + ER - $8
Okkkk, first of all, this has to be one of the hottest wings I've tasted. I was too much of a chicken to try the "ICU" one. It had great flavors not too over powering, but yes you'll need a glass or two of water/beer next to you. 
Dr. Tan Burger - $14 - Fresh grilled jalapeños and onions, house slaw, pepper jack, chipotle aioli, bacon - had to add a fried egg  
I didn't have an amazing eggporn experience but that was okay the burger was still soo good! I actually didn't think I would like the slaw, but man that was definitely made the sandwich. The chipotle aioli wasn't very prominent as I anticipated. Overall, still a really good burger.  
Chicago Style Combo - $15 - House roast beef, Italian sausage, jus, giardiniera, provolone cheese
Wow, the size of this is massive. The Italian sausage was very juicy with a touch of sweetness. I didn't care so much for the jus on the side.. I would prefer a simple sauce to break up all the meat. 
Next time,
I would want to try the "ICU" Wings. Let's see if I can handle the heat. 
Our service was awesome! I believe our service name was Duc. Super great at his job and very personable. Because it was my first time, he suggested some of their popular flavors and dishes which came out great. I will be looking forward to coming back on my cheat meals!Delicious burgers! Wow! I was in the mood for something casual and quick and came across Fharmacy Nola on Yelp. I am glad we stopped in because we had some of the best burgers we have experienced here in NOLA. I had the Cali burger and my husband had the Dr. Tan burger. Both were huge, delicious, and served with a generous amount of fries. The service was quick, as far as getting drinks and ordering. It took a while to get the food, but it was worth the wait. Plus, while we were waiting our server kept checking in with water and drink refills. Beyond all of the that, the space is really cool and laid back. I loved the 80's music that was playing. It wasn't too crowded, but it was early on a Friday night. All I can say really is definitely swing by and give this place a try.Come eat here, the ICU wings are the Shite!!!
Bugers are FANTASTIC!
Chien and Nat rock this joint!This place is amazing. This will be my new Burger and Wing spot. We tried the Lemongrass and Buffalo wings. Both were awesome. The buffalo was totally recognizable as traditional buffalo sauce yet had unique flavor added that just worked. 
The Burgers were amazing. The meat quality was very high. We both agreed that it was not frozen and super fresh. Later we were told that its ground in house the same day. Both came with a good amount of fries. Very reasonable at 12 bucks a Hamburger. 
Everything came super hot which sounds trivial but recently I have been getting some really cold fries (yes company burger I am talking about you). Staff was super friendly and the place is locally owned. 
I would rate in the top 5 hamburgers I have had in town. Will be going back.Fantastic place! Loved the food (lip smacking Boudin Balls ... in New Orleans - unheard of! (I'm Cajun) and mouthwatering Dr. Tan - Gourmet Jalapeño burger with chipotle aioli sauce ... Hmmhmm good!) C'est Bon, Cher!  I'm so glad I found this gem!This place. THIS. PLACE. Such a great bar food meets Asian/ Cajun cuisine experience. On the menu you'll find, apps like wings, tacos, and mussels as well as burgers and wraps. The Dr. Tan burger was AMAZING. Just the right amount of spicy, sweet, and salty combined.
THE FRIES. You can get their proprietary Cajun seasoning on it. It's like Tony's meets, BBQ chips meets Zapp's Voodoo. They are absolute perfection,
The real champion dish for me was the lemongrass chicken taco. Whatever sauce was on it was potentially the most delicious sauce I've ever tasted. Creamy, sweet, and spicy.
Also, Jose gave use some delicious fresh watermelon at the end of our meal just because they're sweet and amazing there. 10/10 experience. Will definitely be a regular here very, very soon.Literally, everything we had was delicious. The mussel frites, meat pies, poke special and lemongrass wrap are amazing. Every single person we spoke with was awesome. Haven't had such a delightful meal that didn't break the bank in awhile.BEST BURGERS IN TOWN!!! Amazing service! Everything was delicious. New favorite. #DrTanburger #brilliantGreat food, service, 80's music, and chill people! Having the chop salad today! It's yummy! Parm wings are also good, tacos... BURGERS! Just about everything is good here no lie!!Awesome place to come and experience different flavors. People are great, food is amazing, and of course you can't beat the happy hour on tap beers. I can't wait to come back and try everything that is on the menu. I walked in not expecting it to be this good, and they surpassed my expectations. Try: the steak frites salad and the roast pork sandwich, they are delicious.Everything about Pharmacy was excellent. First off, their food was amazing! Second, the the staff and chefs were hilarious and more than willing to provide us with recommendations on where we should eat/drink next. I will be sure to return the next time I am in NOLA. Definitely the best meal we had in the city!A note of warning: before you come to Fharmacy run a marathon, go on a hunger strike and pack an extra stomach. The great things out this place is that it's 2300 miles from me. If you are in NOLA skip the tourist traps and hit this unassuming joint for some incredible American food with a Vietnamese touch. I'd tell you what to get but everything we had was delicious thanks to the hard work of Chef Chien Nguyen and crew.Two words...Mussels and Fries...drown the fries in the mussel broth and enjoy! Wings are crispy and juicy I tried their Carolina reaper sauce and it was spicy as it should be but the blend of flavors mixed in sealed the deal for me  perfect for dipping fries too! Eat at the counter and watch the food artists create delicious works of art and take mental notes of what you will order next time you go back. The entire staff was very welcoming and attentive the whole time. Definitely stopping by again before leaving.Working across the street provided a perfect opportunity to try the famed restaurant.  I wanted to come and see "what's all the buzz about?!"
My co-worker and I grabbed a menu and hopped up to the bar.  I'd already seen the menu, knew what was supposed to be happening, and our server was at your service.  I ordered the "fharmacy special".  It was the fharmacy, the staff of (4) was Asian, and it felt like waiting for a script at rite-aid.  How could I go wrong???  
Well, my buddy orders a "hamburger with cheese only". What? Seriously.?  When we get our burgers  he was chomping at the bit.  I had to stand at the bar to eat mine.  It was a stack with all of the peppers, pickles, and other specialty assortments cooked medium rare.  It was like biting into a water balloon.  Between the juices from the toppings and the juice from the burger it could have used a straw.  So I decided to eat the delicacy fries , yes-- they are!  Intermittently I chomped at the burger, and if it had shredded sharp cheddar instead of the oriental toppings it would have easily taken out port of call, ground pati, and ruby reds (for those old enough to remember). The cola did have that syrupy taste like RC, which brought back those old memories of peanuts  littering the floor in what is now the Siam Cafe.  I feel if I was more worldly in my taste, or more conservative in my toppings-- that it would have been a perfect 5 star experience..These dudes know what they're doing. Chien did my boy right. That Long island had him acting upWe loved our lunch. I had the Fharmacy burger and my husband had the lemon grass wrap. Both were delicious. The burger was my favorite. They make 90% of their food in house. We spoke with the owner, and he was very friendly. The tots were so good, and the fresh pickles were the best.BRO!!!! 
This place is Fhantastic! I'm a burger snob and these burgers rank high up there! The owners are incredible. Hung out with them for twenty minutes while I waited on my to go order and will go back just to hangout with them!
We will be back...A LOT!This place is great!! Their mussels are maybe the best I've ever had. The burgers are big and beautiful and feel/look/taste very fresh. Service was very pleasant and attentive. I will be back!! You should go, too!Cool place with great tasting food. I think we ordered close to everything on the menu and loved it all.Just a short walk from Canal, we Walked in for a late lunch and found two seats at the bar, everyone was very friendly and the ambience and music and everything was very chill and great at this place!
Got some Cajun wings, outstanding!!
And got the Fharmacy Burger, and this was nothing short of extraordinary! Highly recommend this burger!! 
It was really cool being able to watch how meticulous and what pride goes into making the food, you can tell this guys have a lot of pride in what they do! 
Next time in town, will be back!Amazing food. Quality food and generous portions at a very reasonable price. The service was gracious and very accomodating.Woah there, I have two words: FUCKING DELICIOUS. came here a couple weeks back and got the Roast Pork Sandwich. Came dressed with sautéed greens, swiss cheese and jus and was not let down. One of the best places to eat in MidCity in my opinion.I seriously cannot stop talking about this place!! We will return over and over again. The burger was absolutely delicious! It had a thick, homemade patty cooked perfectly as ordered. It was loaded with caramelized onions, melted cheese, delicious pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, and crispy bacon. We loved every bite! The cute shotgun house turned restaurant  is small, but we went around 1:30 and got
In and out easily. The servers were hardworking young men making an honest buck. Giving 5 stars was easy with this one! Great price for such a delicious meal!Really tasty place and their mushroom veggie burger is sooo delicious. Very kind and cool staff.  It's evident that the food is made with a lot of technique and care.I've never posted a review on Yelp so that tells you how good this place is! So good. Bike paths 90% of the way from our apt, nice drink selection, and hearty healthy food. And so friendly! We'll be back.What a great little out of the way spot fora bite!  We started with the Boudin Balls, which were delicious. I had the Fharmacy burger which was perfectly made, but not the winner of this dinner. Two of the kids had the Tan Burger. Excellent. I'd highly recommend that one if you're up for a burger. My husband had the Chicago combo. That won the the dinner contest. It was hoagie roll filled with roast beef, Italian sausage, giardiniera (a grilled peppers mix), and au jus. It was a ton of food and so good!  
Service was a little slow, so don't be in a hurry.  I'm NOT complaining. Everything was fresh and tasted amazing.I'm a burger guy and have had some of the best burgers in the country and the incredible staff at Fharmacy makes one of the best I've ever had. All the food looked amazing and literally everything is made from scratch in house! My new favorite burger place has now been found. Wifey and I will def be back! Awesome service and hospitality too!Wow, from the setting to the service to the food! This is officially my new spot! The chicken tacos were huge! And the everything is cooked to order so it's soo fresh! the asian fusion is excellent!We got here at 1:00pm and left at 2:03pm and only received water and an Mic Ultra. I have never had an experience like this in New Orleans. We waited 10 minutes before someone came to take our order. We place our full order at that time. The restaurant was full but they were still filling Waitr and to-go orders while we waited and waited and waited. A simple statement that the kitchen was backed up, or that it would be a long wait would have been nice. We even asked that our food be boxed to go, when I checked 15 minutes after that, it wasn't even up. We left the $4 for the Ultra on the table and left. So the food may be good if you ever get it. I really really really wanted to like this place :(Five of us showed up for a late Saturday lunch. The owners are super easy-going and make you feel very welcome. Burgers are fresh ground and massive (1lb.!) with plenty of interesting twists. Lemongrass chicken wraps were a big hit as well.Really great mussels and frites, we also had the buffalo wings, which were good, but I  want to go back and try the spicier flavors. Boyfriend liked the pastrami a lot and the burger was good (house giardinera was yummy). Pretty good beer selection with good prices.  They were really busy and seemed a bit rushed, but we will definitely be back.This tiny, little, sketchy place packs the BIGGEST flavors! Me and hubby have been here a few times and we love it. My husband's quite obsessed actually.
Staff is always friendly and super down to earth. We had one waiter who didn't know the menu too well, but he was probably new and his super cool personality made up for it haha. 
The burgers are delicious. Portion size is great. Like too great that my brother and I were thinking about sharing the next time we go..and I usually never share burgers lol. It's soo filling, so if you like a big burger this is your place! The mussels and frites are always a hit-we want to try the Cajun flavor next time. They also have wings as appetizers and they are scrumptious as well. Good size and great flavors. We tried the emergency and ICU flavors and they are perfectly spicy. If you can't handle spicy, it's NOT for you. As for sides, I love potatoes so I'm sooo happy they have tots and fries which are both so delicious. 
Definitely one of the best underrated burger spots in NOLA! Can't wait to come back and try some new stuff!Hot damn, I love a good Yelp find. Stopped in last night. This place had freaking fantastic food. You know you've hit the culinary jackpot when a place with American-Vietnamese flair is filled with mostly Vietnamese-Americans. We had the lemongrass chicken tacos, wings, and the Cali burger. The food left me a little delirious... at one point Dr. Tan was asking me a question and I was so into my tacos that I didn't realize he was speaking to me. 
On top of the food, these guys are just totally down-to-earth, nice people. One of the best customer service experiences I've ever had.. and I travel and eat out a lot!! They offered us daiquiris and fresh melon and were just generally gracious. 
Bourdain is going to find these guys... and fall in love. Get it now before their line is out the door.Best burger in town. Always cooked to perfection. Great vibe and great staff. Come here at least once month.It could have been five stars, but the chef was almost yelling during his belittlement of his staff member in front of customers. This really isn't a good practice to perform as some people are easily offended. That being said, the food was great.Friend recommended this place! And we absolutely loved it! Food is so unique with flavor! Best mussels we ever had, that spouse was incredible! Our year old loved pb&j , we also ordered burger and chicken wrap which we finished all couz it was so good! Great service friendly faces and great Nola atmosphere ! We will be backWe love this place. Everything is so fresh and delicious. I mean these guy literally make everything from scratch and you can totally tell. I will be honest and say that they messed up my order the first time I was there, but this only meant that I got to try the banh mi sandwich and it was amazing! The burgers are all so juicy and tasty but I especially have to give a big thumbs up to the portobello burger it's quite literally a mushroom burger. We always feel welcome here, great group of waiters and cooks.I had heard so much (great) hype about Fharmacy that I was excited to give them a try. My meal did not disappoint! My husband and I ordered quite a few things- we wanted to get an overview of the food and brought home delicious leftovers in the process! We started with boudin balls, meat pies, and buffalo wings. Our main was to split a lemongrass chicken wrap, dubbing slaw for the fries! The appetizers were all so yummy. The wing sauce was delicious, definitely not like every other buffalo wing sauce. I had only a very picky feedback which is that I wish the boudin balls had been a little more crisp on the outside. The lemongrass chicken wrap was very good. It did seem to need a little something added to give it a pop of flavor- perhaps an Asian sauce or dressing. I would order it again. And the house made slaw was fantastic! Crunchy and light tasting- no heavy mayo dressing. I can't wait to go back and try a burger!I basically ordered the entire menu.
First- the boudin balls. Perfection. On the spicy side which I love.
Next- wings. Get the lemongrass... blow your mind
The fries are amazing too... to say it's just French fries 
A friend of mine got a lemongrass chicken wrap and he let me try... it was so flavorful!!! 
This place is here to stay. For sure.It was a very fun spot where it looks like the locals hang out at.  My family and I enjoyed the idea of going to the touristy spots.  My husband enjoyed the Chicken Tacos, Meat Pies, and Boudin Balls.  I had the Portabella burger, while my son had the Cheeseburger kids meal.  What caught my attention was that it was Kid friendly with reasonable prices.  It was a great experience.  Thank you for everything.My first time here with adults & children. This is a very child friendly place on a Tuesday night. It was not crowded. We sampled the boudin balls, mini meat pies, Cajun mussels, kids cheeseburgers and couple of adult burgers. Everything were delicious. Particularly the boudin balls were very good. Servers were very friendly, readily available & accommodating. They do deserve the five stars. I will be back.Been wanting to go for a while and after hearing friends rave about it yesterday finally went. Had the Cali burger and tots (subbed instead of fries). Fantastic. The bread was too weak to hold the massive burger so I took off the top and just used lettuce as half the bun. Even still it was not pretty to eat. But man was it good. Companion's fries were very salty so glad I had the tots. My only issue is that they gave you SOOOO much food and it's good so I ate it all :(We had heard about this place from my friend who is a NOLA native, and he said it was his favorite burger in Nola so we decided to try it. It's in an old shot gun converted into a bar type building. My boyfriend thought the burger was solid, but he'd had better burgers before. The only thing was that we waited 30 minutes for our food.Love it, the Chicago Italian Beef is excellent. The owners and waitstaff are very welcoming and friendly. I will be back tomorrow for the Mussels.
I came Thursday and has the Mussels with  the Asian sauce and it was the BOMB! I found out that Mussels Monday $2.00 off 3pm -Close. Well I have a place go on  Mondays. Beer and Well Drinks $1 offIf you like spice and food full of flavor, this is the spot. Staff all works together and everyone is super nice and attentive throughout. 
Started with the Boudin Balls, NOLA style arancinis in they were hot but delicious. Ordered the Chicago style Italian Beef and it is such a good portion! All the components were on point. The house-made giardiniera is MONEY! They need to sell it online or in house so I can bring a jar back to CLT. 
My friends got the Fharmacy Burger with American cheese and tator tots and the other for the chicken caesar wrap. There's also looked picture perfect and both said it was great. 
The girls and I were at the pool all day and drank too many juices and sodas that we packed most of it togo. However, finishing it the next day was just as delicious. Definitely a spot I was happy to visit during our NOLA trip!AWESOME!! Really great food, very good prices and good menu options. Unpretentious attitude, focused on the food and chill atmosphere.Good burgers with unique twist. Very nice peple working. Headed to work so i could not partake in any adult beverages.  Small place bar was full everyone seemed happy.  Little on the loud side but very cozyMy partner and I tried to like this place but the service was horrible!!!! It took an hour and 10 minutes to get our food. First they gave our bottled water to another table and the people who got seated after us got their food before us. Now we were not the only ones who waited forever to get our food. The people who were already there also waited forever. We were all nice about it but for them to only come to the table one time in a span of one hour and apologize doesn't cut it. On top of that, they didn't even offer anything for the long wait. Now I'm not one to want or beg for free stuff but when you have people waiting for food for over an hour the least you could do is to offer maybe a free drink or a discount. Nope! Paid full price. I don't know if it is usually just three employees running the entire place or if maybe someone called in. The bartender, the cook and the solo waiter. If they only have three employees most days maybe they need to reconsider having more staff people.  Burger was good but not Oh wow so delicious I want to come back! It was not worth the wait. Maybe if it had been 10 to 20 minutes it would have been worth it. I don't know how they almost have 5 stars.The food was incredible. Had the Vietnamese lemon grass wings, jerk wings and several of the burgers. So much love and finesse went into the food; ingredients are so fresh and everything down to the sauces are made in-house. In addition, our server was super sweet - everyone who works there seems so humble and hardworking. Love what this place is all about and look forward to coming back to dine again!The decor of the place was aesthetically pleasing. The place had more of a run-down feel. This is a great atmosphere for catching up with friends. The order took a while, but the great taste of the food made up for it! Fharmacy is a definite must try!This place is awesome! My favorite is the dr tan burger, by far. Perfect balance of spicy and juiciness without being too overbearing. One of the many perks here are the extra little awesomeness you randomly get whether it be some special off-the-menu food or a shot or anything else. The guys here are awesome too! Always friendly conversation and really have the need to want to know more about you. I couldn't ask for a better place to eat and hang out in the neighborhood.This is one of my favorite new places in New Orleans. The burgers are ground fresh and you can taste the difference - one of the best in town. I have also had the Italian beef - very good. Last time we were there we got the tots with cheese sauce, pico and fresh jalepeno. The cheese sauce was from scratch and delicious. The owner/operators are also very friendly and personable. Check it out!Holy smokes!!! If you are from Chicago or love Chicago-style beefs, this is the ONLY place to go in New Orleans! The homemade Vietnamese peppers combined with the hot beef with delicious au jus and banh mi bread make this a truly special Chicago beef. They also include provolone, which is a must!!! The only thing I would change is to put the cheese on top and broil it so it is nice and gooey instead of including it on the side of the meat. This is minor though especially considering no other place serves a Chicago-style beef in New Orleans. It is YUM, go now!!! The inside of the restaurant feels like a typical Chicago beef place and the music is a great mix of 80's and 90's synth pop including The Cure and Depeche Mode, much to my delight!!! I almost forgot where I was and what decade I was in and that made the experience perfect! Service is prompt and friendly, what more can you ask for? I will be adding this restaurant to my regular rotation and can't wait to go back! Thank you and congratulations on a job well done, I will spread the word!I absolutely recommend the Asian muscles, the best I have ever tasted! Great atmosphere and prices!I went to Fharmacy for lunch and had a great experience. Not only was the food excellent, but the staff was friendly and sincere. It seems like an unlikely location for a great restaurant, but it's absolutely worth a visit. 
I had naked wings for an appetizer with the Vietnamese lemongrass on the side. They were very meaty and tasty. I thought they tasted more like duck than chicken, but still delicious. For my entree I had the Dr. Tan Burger which was very good. It comes with bacon, but I ordered it without (I know, blasphemy). The house slaw was delicious on it as well as the chipotle aioli. My lunch date had the Fharmacy Burger which was even tastier. The house giardiniera was to die for! I genuinely recommend Fharmacy, especially if you are craving a juicy burger. I want to go back to try the Cali Burger with the guac, mushrooms, swiss, chipotle aioli and alfalfa sprouts!! On a side note, the wine they were serving was not terrible, so that's a plus too.Fharmacy has the best burger in New Orleans hands down. They grind their own beef and stuff their own sausages. Their Korean twist on American classics is top notch and the staff is hilarious and personable. I have recommended several people to visit Pharmacy and no one has been disappointed. My favorites are the Asian Mussels and Frites, Dr. Tan burger, and lemongrass chicken nachos.  The restaurant is small with less than 10 tables but the atmosphere is homey and family friendly.Fusion comfort food located in a converted home. The staff was super friendly and fast. Burgers were delicious and food was fresh. We had the chopped Asian salad with homemade dressing it was perfect with a little bit of spice. The California burger and the Fharmacy Burger again both fresh and very filling.Seriously amazing. Didn't look like much walking up to it, but it's a cool diner on the inside.
The lemongrass tacos were out of this world! Wings were great too - one of the best cheap eats I've had in the states!Best buger ever!!!  So flavorful and juice!! I will definitely have to go back before I leave New Orleans..Back again and it's just as good as the first time.  This place is a hidden gem.
Started with the Boudin Balls. Tremendous.  Waiting on. Pharmacy and a Cali Burger.  Will get the Lemongrass Chicken Tacos to go.
My wife and I are addicted.This place is do-o-o-ooooope.
When you first look at the menu, it appears to be a mish mash of traditional bar fare and Asian dishes. What you don't realize is that some of the items that appear "traditional" on the menu have a unique, Asian spin that you can just BARELY detect. It's super badass.
I'm speaking specifically about the buffalo wings. You can get perfectly cooked buffalo wings at a lot of places in the city but these buffalo wings are special. I won't give away any secrets, but the buffalo wings have the sweetest, most subtle Asian undertones that make you rethink buffalo wings altogether. Eat them. PRO TIP - Every Wednesday is Wing Wednesday and all wing baskets are $5.
We also tried the Dr. Tan burger and the lemongrass chicken tacos which were on fiya. Again, two traditional bar foods are given a very sweet & sour Asian twist. PRO TIP #2 - Every Tuesday is Taco Tuesday and all tacos are $2.
Besides the food, the ambiance here is everything you want from a local bar. Kind staff, cozy environment, CLEAN bathrooms. Just go!!!!!!!
Other fun things to note:
1. Happy hour is $1 off drafts & wells
2. Mon- Wed happy hour is 3 til close
3. Thurs & Fri happy hour is 3 til 7
4. Mondays are Mussel Mondays and mussels are $10
5, Fridays the chefs create specials out of whatever they decide (check out their Instagram for updates!)
See y'all there ;)