The food and the service was great, I'll definitely returning! No wait at all, bathrooms were clean as well which is something i always look for.A must-visit in New Orleans! This place was so good, we came back twice! Aside from the perfectly seasoned and very flavorful dishes, the staff are so nice! They even remembered us! Although we got a different waitress on our second visit, our initial waitress stopped by our table just to say hi. The staff here are just outstanding! Specifically Tae and Precious. The portions are huge, the establishment is very well kept. And all for super low prices!!!!!!!! Everything I've tried on the menu is delicious. My favorites being the crab cakes and giant oysters. I also tried the beignets and I must say.... they're BETTER THAN CAFE DU MONDE. We had to take a few orders to go. So glad we found this place!SO much food!! The shrimp po boy was delicious and we also shared the crawfish! It was good and also a good deal. The cashier was very helpful as wellI'm from GA so this is comparable to juicy crab for me but the sago of taste fresher and is served at a better price!My husband and I decided to visit NOLA. On our first night we decided to stop and get King Crabs; they were amazing. The second night we decided to get their wings. My husband got the BBQ wings and I got the Sweet and Spicy wings they weren't to bad. The staff was very nice. I would recommend this place for the Crabs.Got the $88 family platter and it was well portioned and priced. We loved the flavor sauce- fiery special. Seasoned to perfection. Took away a star because when we called they were rude as well as when we went to pick up the order. I noticed the guy was eating when we were walking out, so he may have been annoyed he was interrupted and had to work.First day walking through Nola, we asked a local where we could find a good seafood place and was directed to this place. It did not disappoint. The energy from the staff was refreshing and so welcoming. The food was so flavorful! I ordered the catfish po boy with seasoned fries. It was so much food. I was able to save some for later. This is a must visit location while you are in Nola. Great service and food. I would definitely go back whenever I am in Nola.Everything was okay the seafood boil was decent I've had better I chose the flavor with all of them in it and hot for the spice. The Taste was good but like I said it wasn't what I expected and it wasn't that hot I would've given the place 3 stars but here's the thing, they put BLEACH on there tables, chairs and booths. Throughout THE DAY. So if you ever go there DONT wear clothes you care about. This place RUINED MY PANTS. NOT to mention somebody could get an ALLERGIC REACTION. Here's the worst part after I said something to the manager "OLIVIA" She LAUGHED IN MY FACE telling me "well at-least you're 100% sanitized now....". DISRESPECTFUL. Now if I wasn't raised right I would've caused a bigger scene because she was out of line! No regard for their customer safety. I could go on and on but I'm just going to leave at that. SMH DISAPPOINTED AND DISSATISFIEDWhen our party of three walked in for dinner, the employees were all sitting at the bar chatting and eating. One person finally came to seat us and give us laminated menus that were sticky and falling apart. When our food was served, it was with plastic utensils in a plastic bag like you would get with take out. Food was nothing to rave about, just mediocre. After we finished eating, our waiter passed our table several times but we could never get his attention to get our bill because he was listening to his ear pods and couldn't hear us. 
*No one checked our vaccine status as required in Orleans parish. *
This was our first visit and it will be our last.The ONLY reason why I give this place 5 stars is because our server GEORGE was the best . He topped EVERY SERVER IVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE . He was very helpful with eating seafood he gave us a tutorial & he made us laugh . The smile he kept all night was the best thing ever you can tell he loves his job . I smell MANAGEMENT MATERIAL ..... . Everyone when visiting New Orleans & want exceptional service go here & ask for their best server George , you will not be let down I promise .We originally went to the restaurant on the Westbank and it was packed not to mention on a Saturday with only 3 working employees in the front with a hour and a half wait. A mess. So we decided to go the downtown location. Which was so much nicer only thing you have to find parking on the street or pay for parking in the garage which was $8 for the lot next to the restaurant. We were seated immediately, service was excellent, although restaurant seemed almost full. The food came out very fast and everything was delicious. It was my daughter and I and we had 2 1/2 pounds of  snow crabs and shrimps with sausage potatoes and corn. I think the sausages could be bigger. Corn and potatoes were perfect. We got it with steam rice on the side and used the Cajun house medium sauce to pour over it. And because when we got there we were really hungry so we also ordered some fries. Of course we had leftover shrimps and we ordered an extra sauce to go. We will definitely be back. We were too hungry for pics but take it from me  this place does not disappoint.I was really expecting better from fiery crab but on my first visit I was highly disappointed I ordered a bowl of crawfish fried rice and was met with a presoaked bland bowl of mixed veggies and parboiled rice that wasn't even lukewarm idk if I even want to come back for a second timeMy experience at the fiery crab was horrible . My husband got our food and as I started to eat the food I notice the lobster was missing . So when we called to tell them they said they couldn't do anything about it because they can't prove if we are telling the truth  . First of all we are not hard up for a lobster but we spent 57 dollars on food that was missing a lobster. He also said that they have signs he claims say,"check your bag before you leave" in the store but when you pre-order your food ,you are not thinking to look for a sign you simply go there to pick up your food and leave . So clearly this means that they steal so much from their customers  that they need to put up a flyer saying check your bag before you leave . This means that customers must have ongoing and numerous problems with food missing from their to go/takeout orders.  It's not the customer's job but the business' job to make sure they get the customer's order right . So I have to pay and lose money because of their mistake.  I will never eat here again!  Also, I advise anyone who wants Fiery Crab to think twice about it because anyone can clearly see that the Fiery Crab has a notorious record of swiping food from customers and I'm quite sure they made thousands of dollars off of hard working citizens .Service received was ridiculous, waited over 40 minutes on food, server wouldn't bring refills, plus the food wasn't that good. Overall i don't recommend:/Exactly what we were looking for on our short trip to NOLA! Food was super good and so fast! We had the $88 platter and an additional 3# crawfish. Such a fun experience with the huge food platter, bibs, buckets  and gloves. And everything was so good!!! Waitress was very attentive and atmosphere was great! Def a stop next time we are in town.Due to mixed reviews I read I still tried it out for myself, the food was very good to me. Will be going back soon.Such a great place for some amazing sea food!  I would definitely recommend.  And the price was well worth it.The meal that I was looking forward to the most on our trip to New Orleans was a seafood crab boil and the Fiery Crab did not disappoint. Literally the best seafood boil I've ever had. Also the first time I really enjoyed crawfish-shoutout to the bartender who showed my sister and I how to eat them properly!Keisha was GREAT! Nothing like a great server, she was knowledgeabl, friendly and helped to make the experience wonderful.   I have had a lot of boils in New York, but this was by far my favorite!  Glad we took a chance and tried it.We ordered from here with the Waiter app. Half the order wasn't included and was delivered was just ok. When we called, the staff's response boarded on nasty. What was delivered was just ok and in New Orleans there are so many good restaurants, you don't have to choose between service and quality. You can certainly do better in both categories than this place.My friends and I came here on our last night in NOLA. It was a 30ish minute wait for our group of 5 but it was no problem as there are bars on the same street so we just waited for them to text us our table was ready. Once our table was ready we were sat on the side of the restaurant where the bar isnt. It was like a completely different atmosphere on the side without the bar. Our server came to greet us after maybe 10 minutes but by that time we were ready to order. Our server seemed extremely overwhelmed and only took our drink orders and then said he would come back. Another 10 minutes passed and he came back to take our drink order AGAIN and then when he came back with our drinks he said that they were out of coke and Diet Coke. He handed us bottles of soda. Which is fine. Just felt weird. Then he took our order without a writing it down. And he had to come back to retake our order bc he hadn't written it down. It was just a mess. We finally get our food and it was definitely worth the wait or we were just really freaking hungry! Either way the food definitely made up for the service. I got the 1 pound of shrimp, mild heat and the seasoning whatever the mixture was that has them all. I would definitely come here again but I would probably ask to sit on the bar side and maybe come like right when they open.The women in the front had terrible attitude and were questionable hostesses, but Vanity was the best server! She made awesome recommendations and was super helpful to us! 
We ordered a platter of mixed seafood items with corn, potatoes and sausages (which is about $90). We also ordered sides of fish & chips, crab cakes, crawfish fried rice and fried frog legs. We paid about $200 for 9 of us! 
Thank you for offering to take a group photo of us and being super sweet to us!Food came fast.. visiting from FL and wife begged to go just for very rude waiter tossing the bucket on our table rushing us... considering we've never been to LA in general we needed a moment... food was good, Sweet and spicy wings were great. Just rushed yet she only checked on us once just to bring our check. Didnt see her again so I had to leave the money on the table. Food was brought out separately and wife and I didn't get to really eat together.So...... we walked in and there were 3 young ladies at the door that were Servers and they did not greet us. We were standing there for like 3-4 minutes before they even acknowledged us. They wanted to finish their conversation first. Our Server was really slow, never came to check on us, asked for things took 10 minutes to come back, and took 15 minutes to get our check and go(the place wasn't packed at all) but the food was really great and I would go back only for that reason but I may get it to go.Good quality great price! My husband and i shared their lobster special (seafood boil with lobster crab crawfish and shrimp) for $41.99 and it was plenty for us two. Tried the Louisiana boil medium spice and got garlic butter boil sauce on the side. Seafood doesn't need extra sauce than the boil they gave you and medium spice packed a punch (and id like to think we arent wimpy in spice tolerance) so id hate to see fiery lol.My husband's dish was on point but mine could have been seasoned a little better . Drinks were flat but price was reasonable.I order seafood house to go and it was wrapped in a plastic bag. That doesn't feel right and I'm worried about the hygiene. It was so salty that I just couldn't bear it. I usually like heavy taste food but that was too much.Me and a group of friends from Houston visited Fiery Crab on Sunday. There was no line when we arrived around 5pm. We were immediately greeted and seated. Our waitress Keshia was very helpful with going over the specials and her recommendations. She was so nice and attentive throughout our time there. We all ordered the Lobster special which consisted of a Lobster tail, crawfish, shrimp, crab legs, potatoes, sausage and corn for $42. We added boiled eggs and of course we had a beverage so each of our totals came out to around $54 which is cheap compared to seafood prices in Houston! Two of us ordered the garlic butter flavor and two ordered the fiery special. Both flavors were amazing and the food was sooooo delicious! I'm a seafood lover and this has to be the best seafood I've ever tasted. I'm back at home and I'm already planning another trip to New Orleans just to go back! Between the awesome service and the delicious food this is one of my top 5 restaurants now. I was too busy enjoying the food to take any pictures but it's a MUST that you try this place!! 10 stars!The food was amazing, I should have brought more of an appetite so I could finish. For $100 bucks, this was well worth it. My wife and I did our best. The crab legs were perfectly cooked and nothing was overdone. The sauce is great and the flavor was infused in the crab meat. I would have gone with a hotter flavoring, but stuck with "hot" because I wasn't sure. I'll definitely go back when in the city.This place is exactly what you want when you roll into town. Fried food served swiftly with all the seafood options, but the staff is what really makes this place shine. Al was the best person to welcome me & my friends to new orleans, as soon as he sat us & walked away we all agreed "He's fun!!". The whole crew seems to be a friendly bunch as well, definitely worth a visit. :+)Supposedly a good restaurant but we had a bad experience today.  2/6 didn't get our orders until the other 4 were finished.  My friend asked for the manager and he seemed very complacent about our issue.  I told the manager during the complaint that I still didn't even had what I had Ordered and he wasn't very concerned about it.Good seafood here, especially if you are feeding a lot of people. I went here one time and can't wait to go back.If you come to New Orleans for imported, non-local, Asian shrimp, fish and crawfish- then this place is for you.  I just don't understand why a New Orleans seafood place wouldn't serve local fresh seafood!  Seafood FailOmg the worse experience I have ever had in my life with the management! I called after I got home after immediately opening my shrimp plate that was over 12 bucks which is cool I guess but however the food was cold and nasty!!!! No taste at all!!!! I was like wtf
Okay gets on the phone with Brian he gets on the phone with a messed up attitude. I ignored it and still greeted him. Hi Brian this is Ebb I just left there not to long ago and my food is cold and tasteless, he immediately says bring it back and I'll give you a refund or another plate. I mean of course I want a refund but I'm not able to come right back and later I have to work so I won't be able to come today. Brian: oh well that offers only stand for today. Me: so you mean to tell me I only can come today and get a refund I can't come tomorrow? No today, I even got personal with him I'm like I'm having a situation and cramping I really can't come right now and later I have to work and you mean to tell me I spent over $100 and gave your cashier a generous tip and I can't come tomorrow for a $12 plate! I have money, the money isn't a problem. It's the quality of the food I'm not happy with. Brian again just simply says today you have to come today. This is messed up! Because it's like it's no care, if the food wasn't messed up why would I keep it and bring it to you tomorrow. 
These companies definitely need to hire people that have customer service because I didn't get any from this guy especially after spending a large amount for seafood like that.We were looking for somewhere close with some Cajun food for one of our last meals while visiting. This place fell so short. First of all, they seemed to be out of every drink choice. The server was nice, but that was about the best thing about this place. The food is lacking, at least what I ordered. I ordered a pasta dish and it was more like soup, way too over sauced and not a whole lot of flavor. I don't think it'd be on my list if I ever encountered this place again. Maybe the fried seafood is the better option...The store was only open for takeout however it was delicious! We got boiled shrimp and fried catfish and both were extremely tasteful. Would definitively recommend.The food was great!!! Service kinda suck but maybe only because it was extremely busy  overall good foodNOT CAJUN, only seafood. Not worth the wait. Our waitress was sweet as pie, however once my food arrived I waited 45 min for a crab claw cracker. I physically got up & asked the kitchen staff, other waitress, & the lady whom packed the to go orders. I was told they didn't know what I was asking for, I finally hunted our waitress down & she asked the bus boy to get me one, the same bus boy I had already asked for one & he told me to ask my waitress. The potatoes, corn, shrimp & crab legs were good, the blue crab & lobster was WAY over cooked, not eatable. They had plenty of staff but most were chatting up with friends at other tables. I rarely give low reviews, this was not the place to go in NOLA, Joe's Crab Shack is better & that's not a compliment.I wanted to give them 3 1/2 stars. They are a little better then 3 stars. I've gone here twice and i will probably go back. The first time we ordered the seafood boil for 2  (very pricy) in a garlic butter sauce/ med heat. The second time i ordered a lobster tail and Dungeons crab. The sauce is why I gave them an extra 1/2 point and the reason i will go back. I like there sauce it's buttery but not to salty. With the seafood boil bag you get sides. All of the sides are over cooked- corn, sausage, the potatoes was fine. They could have left them off. What i really love is their seafood its are cooked to perfection. But this place is pricy for seafood..My group was on a mission to find the best of the best in NOLA so we asked a bunch of locals "where is the best seafood boil? " 
Almost everyone we asked mentioned the Fiery Crab, and so we went.
This is possibly one of the best days of my foodie life adventures.
There was 4 of us trying to take on this seafood boil. And we CLEANED it. I'm not sure if it was because we were starving Or because it was that good. But i am sure that I won't find nothing like this outside of NOLA. Flavors like these don't leave the zip code!
We picked the sauce that has all the sauces combined (duh) and it SLAPPED!
When visiting NOLA i gotta say this is a must!Delicious! We got crab boil, po' boy, wings and much more! Not overpriced at all, great for how much food you get. The workers were greatCalled at 9:30pm to place an order and they said that they were closed when the website said they didn't close until 10pm. Terrible customer service, if you was tryina go home early you coulda just said thatSave your money. We went here because our first choice closed early. I had the fried catfish basket. This was drive-through quality food. Made the huge mistake of adding six fried shrimp for an additional $10 and they were inedible. Limp, gray looking shrimp covered in way too much bland batter. My husband had the crawfish rice which was the most edible part of this waste of $50 and that's not saying much.Tried them in my first night in. New Orleans.  The gumbo was very plain, didn't have much flavor. Ordered the crawfish fried rice, but was served shrimp fried rice without asking. Again, was very bland. It's more of the level of a mall food court instead of a New Orleans restaurantI went to this spot thinking they had blue crabs. I wish I would have called before going. I walked a mile to get there so I had to order something when I got there since they replace the crabs with crawfish. . I got the 1/2 pound snow crabs $14.00 and 1/2 pound clams in butter garlic sauce medium. I wanted to taste the other sauce so I ordered a side of all spice boil sauce. I thought it was .75.as the menu says (condiments) NOPE  my bad  it was $2.00. It's a sauce not a condiments. Wish it said that on the menu or maybe I missed it IDK ‍. I also ordered a side of eggs . Another $2.00. My total bill came out to be $27.37. Nice helpful staff. A star for staff and a star for the corn and clams. Everything else was just ok. And I mean ok on the lower side. The snow crab legs looked like they needed to clean them first. Just turned me off. The clams well the few I got were good, but the sauce was just to salty. I liked the all spice a bit better. The butter garlic is a no go for me. I only had about 2-3 sausages. Not enough to brag about. Potatoes well they were just that. Will I return? Most definitely not but enjoy if you want. Just not my cup of tea.I went here on Sunday 11/14/2021 per my cousin's recommendation. Mind you we're here visiting family and friends. When I tell you this place hands down was the best seafood boil we have had in a while. Side note : get a side order of fried pickles. Thank you to all the staff . They were energetic, helpful, and friendly. Also they have specials as well (budget friendly).                          Thank you all again.I love the taste of Fiery Crab but the customer service is bottom tier. They don't honor their store hours or pickup times.. I only go to this location because it's so close to my job but It's not worth the bad experience. They "close" for 10PM but throw out ToGo orders at 9:20PM, but they still let you online order. WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND.One of the worst experiences of my life. I gave it one star because I don't think you can give 0. This is a crab restaurant that doesn't have crab crackers so you sit and wait for another guest to finish their dinner and god forbid more than one person at your table want crab at the crab restaurant because you'll be there all night. When I complained, I was told they only had one set of crackers per server because the rest of them got stolen and I guess that is their customers fault. I paid full price for a meal I could only eat half of and by the time I FINALLY got the one set of crackers, the crab was cold anyways so I just left. The thing that made it the worst experience of my life is it didn't even come with an apology, rather an attitude that I was being ridiculous for somehow expecting a crab restaurant to be stocked with the necessary tools to eat the food they serve. I most certainly won't be back to this location, not because I had something go wrong, but because the attitude of the staff to not even apologize and to try and make me feel like the stupid one for having expected them to be prepared in the first place.The customer service is awful. They don't speak when you ask a question they roll their eyes. Our waitress Jada (tall with the long dreads and orange hair peaking from them) should have just called in she didn't wanna be there not to mention she charges whatever tip she feels like at the end. When I asked for a manager no one could find them. The crab legs were over cooked. The only thing good was the fiery sauce. I will not be back.Charles was an amazing server. Super nice and helpful l, and made our experience stellar. We loved him.Ordered the shrimp special, it comes with sausage and corn and a 1/2 pound of mussels.  The shrimp special came with snow crab, which was good, but why did the restaurant not have a snow crab crackers?  Breaking those legs with your hands is hard work.I went to the New Orleans location and the service was all around terrible. It was so bad that I decided for the first time in my life to write a review. Our server got most of order wrong or our food was delayed. She informed us she had only been here for two weeks and should have had some training her. She clearly needed help but the mangers were horrible. It took them an hour to make catfish w/ fries and chicken tenders w/fries. The mangers are unprofessional. The manager  never came to our table to apologize, sat at the bar chatting throughout our entire ordeal, and only took 25% off the tip which basically was the automatic gratuity added. We all ordered the lunch special meals and was charged dinner plate prices. When I bought this up to several managers they acted like they didn't know what I was talking about. Mind you these were the meals that we waited an hour to receive and should have been free. The fries were cooked like chips and our catfish wasn't cooked all the way. Disgusting!!! I'm from here and would not feed this food to my dog!!! Tourist don't let the hype of this place fool you. There is better cheaper food right in the Treme at Cajun Seafood (don't walk, run to this place) instead of eating at this nasty, unprofessional, over priced place. The only professional/helpful employee there was a lovely lady that ended up being hostess. She was able to support our table and keep me from going off.We had a group of 9 come in on a Monday night and we all were very pleased with the taste and quality of the boil. Al was a great server and the food was ready very quickly.Fiery crab was amazing as usual. My boil bag was fixed exactly how I ordered it and the sauce was on point! I called in my order and once I arrived, it was hot and ready!Got the special...shrimp and snow crab! The prices are very reasonable! We were sat very quickly. Didn't need to make a reservation. The waitress came to attend to us quickly. She was able to make some good suggestions and was very attentive. The food came out fresh and hot. It was so seasoned. Could've done without the drinks. Those were nothing too special. This is place you go to for the peel and eat...not the drinks.**This was during COVID-19** We ordered the $88 platter to go for a family of five. Food was delicious. The lobster was a little tough and over cooked but other than that, the food was delicious.The hostess was very nice and sweet. The waiter Banity was nice at first then she got an attitude not sure if us asking her questions made her mood change, but if you're in customer service you should give good service. JMO. other than that the food was bland and tasteless. It also made me sick. But overall the hostess and the tall guy with blonde hair was really really nice.Loved! Loved! Loved! Sooooooo freaking tasty! Juicy! Spicy! Flavorful! Omggggggg just eat here. If you love seafood dont hesitate people! Crawfish, shrimp, sausage, boiled eggs, potatoes! All In one
Bag!I read a lot of reviews (good and bad) on the place. But I must say it was highlight of our honeymoon(food wise)! I was so delicious, the waitress was super helpful even though they didn't have done-in! Making plans to go back just to eat here!Yes please! 
The wait can be staggering, but if you sidle up to the bar the full menu is available. 
The bartender/host/server was so kind and helpful! 
We got the lobster boil special and some sides. 
The medium was very flavorful but for anyone who likes a little kick I'd suggest going up a notch. We will try hot or extra hot next time. 
The food takes a while because they boil each batch fresh. But worth it. Just know that going in and get some appetizers and beverages and settle in.Good boiled seafood, bad service.
Our server was not unfriendly. But, her service was poor and the staff around her was relatively unsupportive. We waited to place our order for drinks, we placed our food order while still waiting for drinks. We received our food order from the manager while still waiting for drinks. The manager was oblivious to the state of the table. He never asked if we needed anything else. I have never waved my hand to get the attention of staff so many times. To cap it off, the restrooms were disgusting and poorly supplied. I would recommend going somewhere else, if you seek boiled seafood.Honestly, I just came from Bourbon street and got hungry in my hotel room. I quickly searched up places to eat in Uber Eats and I found this place! So, I walked and ordered the Fried Catfish Basket to go. It honestly came out so quick I was contemplating how "intoxicated" I actually was as the restaurant was packed and I was informed the food would take a little longer than expected. Finally getting back to my room, and quickly opened my food forgetting to take a picture! It was the best catfish I have had in so long. I wanted to go back and try their boil as I just feel like it would of hit just like the catfish basket did. Unfortunately, my time in NOLA did not permit a return as I most likely would of became obese trying to squeeze Fiery Crab in.Do you not ever come and eat here. I was in town for a birthday trip and I'm at the hotel across from the restaurant. The restaurant tells me at 9:30 when I walk in to order that they are refusing me service. I cannot order any food. "The kitchen is closed" even though their hours on the door and Google state 10 o'clock, they refused to serve me or let me order any food. If you want any food in New Orleans when you come go to New Orleans Cookery.
DO NOT COME to this place because they will turn you away. ZERO stars. Never give them your hard earned money. They won't even allow you to order.!!!'I ordered a pound of dungeons crab boil with fiery sauce and it was excellent! We did not have reservations on a Sunday and waited about 35 minutes to get a table. Service was not good. Waitress brought my dish about 10 minutes before bringing my husband and daughters dish. Then the frog leg appetizer was brought out with my husbands entree. Bartender was great though!