Fried chicken was good, but service is slow and the cleanliness and atmosphere are mediocre at best. Conclusion: there are many other restaurants to visit in New Orleans, so unless you're craving fried chicken, go somewhere else.FAB-U-LOUS! Fried Chicken and Mac&Cheese
We were directed to this place by a local who recommended the fried chicken and mac&cheese.  The chicken was fried in love and the mac was dripping with cheese from heaven.  After 5 trips to New Orleans, I'm so sad I didn't know about this place before.  The fried pickles were also amazing as well as the red beans and rice and catfish.  This is a real down home, country cookin, home recipe type of place.
As for the decor/atmosphere...very laid back, homey and basic.  I loved the comfortable kick-back feel of this place.  I also liked the place's focus on food over flare.  Come in, enjoy great food and be comfortable.We had the worst possible meal ever.  First, the service was very slow.  I had pasta with chicken and my husband had pasta with sausage.  Not sure what kind of sausage it was but definitely NOT Italian!  Tasted like maybe chicken and not good.  My chicken was actually a piece of breaded, deep fried chicken breast on top of pasta and covered with tomato sauce.  When I bit into it, I didn't know what it was.  Actually it was mostly breading.  Pasta was overcooked and watery and I've had better tomato sauce at Denny's.  DO NOT EAT HEREBest bloody marys in nola with lots of pickeled veggies. Fried chicken was so good I went back 2 days in a row....and I'm a once every 5 year fried chicken eater. The shrimp and marinara pasta dish was also amazing. If your in a hurry go some place else. If you want to relax, have a good drink, people watch, and have some great food.....check this place out.The fried chicken was recommended.  However found it to be on the salty side for my taste. 
I did enjoy the fried dill pickles. 
Service was good. Our server gave us the heads up that there was a large party coming in so that we could get our order in and avoid a long wait for our food.Meh. Bathrooms were dirty; there was no soap or paper towels to dry hands. Drink came out with lipstick on the glass. Food was barely okay. The bisque came served in a plastic to go container and was lukewarm. Chips with feta and green onions weren't cooked long enough and the chips weren't crunchy at all. Muffuletta wasn't good at all either - left a weird taste in my mouth. I didn't want to eat anything for fear of getting sick.Why do French Quarter restaurants all look like neglected dumps?
This "cafe" is very dirty and smells of spoiled food and grease.
The carpets have not been cleaned in years.
The staff is sloven, indiffereent and preoccupied with all things other than food.
Sports television blares and dominates the dining room halting all conversation while the bartender watches indifferently.
The food, prepared with less care than food at the local prison, is dredged in black pepper or Tony's salt seasoning. Often the food does not fit the description in the menu.
The over-rated chicken (fried of grilled) is over-cooked and dry.
The kitchen is very slow and trys to hide indifferent preparation and bad practices.
No more Fiorella's Cafe for me.Cute little restaurant. Amazing fried chicken. The macaroni and cheese I got that day was a bit off, or maybe just bland? Wish I'd gotten the fries instead. Friends loved the fried pickles.I never write reviews but I am going to tell you, I am so compelled to write this one. I know many of you have already written a similar review so I will attempt to be direct.  DO NOT eat at Fiorella's. This one time great place changed hands after Katrina. They absolutely do not live up to the name they inherited. I swore once years ago I would not go back but I did. Stupid me.  We started off with the waitress informing us she was ill, she was to be off work but the other staff was not showing up for work. As we ordered we were informed after several visits to the kitchen that they were out of 1/3 the items on the menu. When we did order 3 of the 5 of us received our food the other two did not. The food was a sad attempt at what the menu had described. The thick cut pork chop on my buddy's plate looked like the leather sole of an old shoe. The red beans were awful. The Caesar salad was not a Caesar salad but had the Caesar dressing. They served our drinks in plastic "to-go" cups but we sat for dinner?? In the past they were known for their fried chicken. I wouldn't know because the two of us that ordered the chicken never received it. Three members of our party ate their meals because we were told it would be right out. Sadly they finished eating and we still had not been served our food. We finally got the attention of our sick waitress  who went to check again, that is when we were told they had given our food to another table.  I then informed the waitress that we would not be staying. She then told us that is like that all the time now, the place is total mess, just awful.   My partner went to the kitchen to speak to the manager who ignored him for ten minutes with a personal phone call then had no apology or resolution for the failure to provide service or food. After waiting over and hour, in a nearly unoccupied restaurant, we left without eating or paying for two of the meals.
Again, DO NOT go to Fiorella's.  I am making my mission to inform as many people as I can of this tragic place that lures folks in with a once reputable name.  They should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves.  DO NOT eat at Fiorella's!
This truely has to be the worst dining experience we have had!
If you want great Chicken got to Coop's Place across the street!!I love this place!  I was last there in 2005 with my husband, who is vegetarian, and he got some garlicky and oily veggie pasta dish, which he loved.  I believe I got a po' boy, which was of course great.  It was our first meal of the trip.
I think this is the place I used to go to for breakfast on weekends before going to the french market, and it was always great.  I never noticed it being dive-y, but I'm really used to dive-y places.I've heard about the fried chicken for years and today I found out it was as good as I had heard. My wife had shrimp and they were about as good as the chicken. Wow! We have a new entry on our list of regulars in the city.I had a hankering for fried chicken. I didn't have the time to go to Willie Maes, so I thought I'd try Fiorella's, which I heard had good fried chicken, and it was nearby.
It was the middle of the afternoon when we walked into the restaurant from the French Market. The restaurant was empty except for a table of four. None of the other tables had been bussed of leftovers, dirty plates and trash left behind by other patrons, so we sat at the least trashed table.
After a few minutes, a guy came over and advised us, "I just want to let you know, they are out of x, y, z (he named three of four basic items) and fried chicken". 
I asked whether they had something else. I had to laugh at his response, "Oh, I don't know. I don't work here. I just wanted to let you know so you could get out while you had a chance. We ordered food, that's the only reason why we're still here."
On our way out the door, I saw a half eaten plate of fried chicken on one of the tables that hadn't been bussed. "Somebody else had fried chicken". "Yeah", he said. "They left without paying".
Yikes. I don't know what was going on there. I could comprehend that level of discontent at 02:00 in the morning, not the middle of a Tuesday afternoon.Inconsistent - first time we went, got a catfish shrimp platter, piled high, couldn't even finish it, second time, ordered the same platter, food barely covered the bottom of the plate, still hungry when done...
Fried chicken was great both times, and I know they cook to order, glad for that, don't mind waiting, first time normal wait about 30 min, second time, it took 45 minutes and the place was empty and waitress gave no indication there was any issues.
Obviously my second trip there wasn't great, but it was so bad, I doubt I try it again - especially since I contacted the place about my experience and they never replied.  Fail.i was sent here by my tour guide. i told him i was on the hunt for some really good fried chicken. he said that he always goes to fiorella's. i was not disappointed! the fried chicken is crispy and juicy. it's so nice being in a city where the hot sauce is plentiful too! i would get the fried chicken again, but the fried green tomatoes, not so much. also, i noticed that they closed last year due to a fire, but according to their website, they are back up and running!This will be short and sweet. Yes, the service is slow, yes, it is kind of old and ugly. But I have never had better fried chicken anywhere!I didn't look through all the reviews here, but from a decent scan I see that the majority of the people impressed by this place were not from New Orleans or Louisiana. Yes there are some, but I even question if those people are transits and haven't lived here long enough to know better or happened to grow up with a Mom that couldn't cook worth a crap.  What a shame.  Well, take it from a true New Orleanian that has better food in so many other places that this place, you should not waste one meal here.  There are so many better options.  This place is right by the French Market amongst so many tourists.  It's easy to stumble upon and obviously easy to impress people who are not accustomed to the excellent culinary the Gulf South region has to offer. I take it as my duty to inform you travelers of some mighty fine dining spots in New Orleans. Ready my reviews if you want to know where the good grub is. You will not be disappointed with my suggestions.  You might not ever leave here either! My entire family on both sides are culinary geniuses so I happen to know what great food tastes like. This place was much better before the original owners sold it. This has been many years ago now and it hasn't been up to par since the new owners acquired the place.  Also, when the new owners first took over, I requested a simple substitution to swap out one vegetable side for another. They refused. I was willing to pay a dollar or two to make the substitution, but wasn't given that option.  This was so surprising to me that I was in the South at that moment. Usually people down South are very hospitable and will bend over backwards to make sure you enjoy your meal.  This was unacceptable in my standards of customer appreciation.We LOVED this place. We had been traveling all day and didn't eat and just wanted a place to chill and get some great fried chicken. The drinks were strong, the servers were nice, and the chicken was amazing!!!!! We both got the white meat pieces with red beans and rice. It was super good. We also got fried pickles. Really delicious. It also wasn't very busy either which was great because we needed a chill atmosphere after traveling.About as good as fried chicken gets, imho. The red beans and rice are also quite good and some of the best I've had while in NOLA.Kind of divey atmosphere but staff was nice. Red beans & rice are best I've had, fried chicken crispy & flavorful. Gumbo was good too & worth tasting, thinner than I prefer though.Yes, the chicken is pretty good, though not as good as it was a few years ago. It's now more like Popeye's, but fresher tasting. However, be aware this place is now filthy. The men's room is disgusting, one the worst in New Orleans (okay, not as bad as the Maple Leaf bar, but then what is?). Wife said the women's restroom is no better. What's more, the restrooms adjoin the kitchen, and they share the same filthy floor. I hate to think of the vermin this filth must attract. Also, the NOLA Blonde draft beer I had was way cloudy and tasted funky. Sad, as I have eaten here off and on for years:  no more.Came here just as a walk by, did not check any reviews or anything. It was a decent cafe style place with a full bar of course (what place in NOLA doesn't have a full bar?) We were seated promptly and that is where the service issues began. It was slow to say the least. It was not even crowded.
We were not given menus for a few minutes and it took our drinks a long time to come out. They also forgot one of our drinks after all of that. We had the gumbo which was pretty good.
Again, it took literally 12 minutes after we asked for the bill for it to come. I wish I could speak of other things besides the service, but unfortunately, it was the theme of the night here.always good. always a table. cool servers. ok beer selection. great food. po-boy bread delicious. tv for games. good ole divey feelin.I didn't eat here. I had drinks here, we were trying to enjoy ourselves, but who can do that when the NBA finals are on everynight? We stopped in here because I noticed the flat screen and the game on. We had a few drinks and left. 
There were quite a few people who stopped in for the chicken and they all seemed pleased. It looks like a shack though so be prepared.Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. I also had some red bean and rice, which was good, and came with my chicken meal. But this chicken was hands down the best I've ever had. You will wait a little to get it, as everything is cooked to order, so if it is busy, I imagine it could take a while. We went when there were plenty of open tables, and I think our chicken still took a good 20 minute to come out once we order. That beind said, it was worth every minute we waited, and even several more.
Go!Went on a sunny Sunday afternoon through the French Market entrance, there was an old local lady there who said she eats there all the time so we figured that was a good sign. Got the 6-piece fried chicken and it came with a small bowl of red beans & rice. The chicken pieces were pretty large, even the wings. It was crispy and had a bit of spice to it. We thought we'd have to order more sides but it was plenty enough for two of us. Ordered with a side of coffee and the bill came up under $20! Pretty awesome as we usually have to spend more to be full. The service was quick and friendly. I'd recommend this place.DELICIOUS fried chicken! The best fried chicken I had in New Orleans during my one-week stay. My husband ordered the fried catfish po'boy, which was really big and came with a heap of fries. I ordered the six-piece chicken basket (which, of course, I shared with my husband). Unfortunately, they ran out of rice and beans during the time we went, so I had to order to mashies instead. I wasn't a big fan of the mashies-- they were a bit chunky and the gravy wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Nonetheless, the fried chicken was to die for! They cook it hot and fresh only after you order it. The outside is perfectly seasoned and fried to a golden crisp, and the inside is so juicy! YUmmmmm.... I'm craving some right now.
There weren't too many restaurant patrons when we went inside the restaurant ( around 11:30am). In fact, there was only one other guy sitting two tables away from us. I'm glad it was this way because it just so happens that he was a New Orleans native and had all the ins and outs of the town. We learned about the krewe du vieux parade, which we ended up going to and having a blast; and, we learned about various restaurants, shops, and other attractions that locals love to spend time with. He was such a helpful guy. OUr waitress and the other waiter actually joined in on the conversation. Pretty much everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and talking to each other. The waitress ended up inviting me and my husband to a party (we didn't go as we didn't have time), but we thought it was a thoughtful gesture. 
My overall experience at Fiorella's was great! The food was delicious, the service was friendlier than friendly, and I learned a lot about New Orleans and the perks of the city while spending time at Fiorella's. The only thing is, if you want to go to a livelier atmosphere, don't go here during the day. You might find that you wil be the only one in the restaurant. If you want to have a nice conversation with locals and satisfy your fried chicken craving at 11:00am-- go here.Food: In my wife's words..... The best fried chicken I've had in years. In my words....... Awesome everything. 
Service: Friendly and accommodating. Balcony seating upon request and you should definitely request it. The view up here is great. 
Drinks: Strong and delicious. 
You NEED to eat here. This will complete your visit in New Orleans.Hahaha this place is horrible. It is funny how this place sells pasta, and its the most horrible and disgusting. My wife ordered a po boys, they descent if the waiters stop smoking what ever they are smoking, dont get me started with the service.....We were in New Orleans for the week and decided to order some fried chicken for delivery.  I was skeptical based on Yelp reviews (seriously, a resident New Orleanian NEEDS to make a 'decent delivery' list), but we ordered anyway.  Got the greek salad, spinach and artichoke dip, and six piece fried chicken.  The delivery arrived in about an hour.  The salad was DRENCHED in dressing- DRENCHED.  I think they forgot the artichoke in the cold spinach and artichoke dip, and the fried chicken was nothing THAT great (serz peepz, hit up Nashville for GOOD fried chicken).  Overall, completely underwhelmed and a little pissed that I gave an inch of my waistline to this place.I had fried chicken and mashed potatoes. The service was terrible; the waitress was not friendly and was very distracted. My chicken took a very long time to arrive, and honestly, I have had better. The potatoes were not great either. Honestly, I wouldn't waste your time.Southern Hospitality? Waitress greeted us, took drink orders and never came back. When I asked another waiter about it, he said he'd check, but never returned either. Sorry I may be visiting, but I'm not some chump tourist.Oh my.  What a fantastic dump of a restaurant.  So glad this place hasn't been all gussied up.  It may look ugly inside but the staff if so great and the food is delish. I had the shrimp étouffe which was not traditional cajun style but delicious nevertheless. My dining parter is vegetarian was the staff was able to accommodate with a fried pickle po'boy. Amazing! Only downside with the margarita specials.  They took forever to be delivered and had almost not booze in them so what's the point even?Fiorella's is a great place to eat.
Even though I had eaten here before it was even better than other times. The cost for lunch, all you can eat Fried Chicken on Lunch Special for $8.95 and they let me at at a table by myself.
While not fancy, not a designer restaurant it is typically New Orleans, good food and nice people.
I tried to eat across the street at Coops but was basically told to eat elsewhere as singles are not allowed to eat at tables only the bar.
Coop's be ashamed, many travelers are singles and older who will refuse to eat at a bar on backless stools.
I highly recommend Fiorella's Cafe as a great restaurant. If you are looking for classy white linen service you are at the wrong place. If you want great food and, for me, excellent service. Fried chicken cooked to order is not fast just hot and good.A friend asked me to join him for his birthday in New Orleans. This was his choice.  
I had a craving for fried pickles when I saw them on the menu, but I'm always wary of fried foods in new places because I'm allergic to canola oil.  I asked the waitress what oil they fried foods in and she didn't know.  Oh darn, no pickles. She didn't stop there though, next I knew, the chef was out speaking to me about the reason for my question, checked the oil container and assured me there was no canola oil in the restaurant. I could eat anything!
The fried pickles were very good, but the dipping sauce was a little bland. The gumbo and étouffée however, were amazing.  The drinks were fantastic and the waitstaff remained helpful, interesting and attentive throughout dinner.  The prices for dinner were well below what I expected for the quality and service.
I cannot wait for a chance to go back4 stars is all for the food.  Well, mainly for their fried chicken.  Their crab and corn gumbo deserves a honorable mention. 
First time to have real southern fried chicken and have no other to compare to, but, it was pretty damn good!  As my friend said "the best hot crispy juicy southern fried chicken she's ever eaten"! And she's from down south.
Came on a Thursday night and found it was 2 for 1 cocktails AND a live band playing.  Music, good food and 2 for 1 cocktails, I'm a happy gal!
Not sure if I would dine in again.  Place was not very clean.  Tables, seats and menu had a yucky sticky feeling.  But, once the drinks and food came, we forgot about our uncomfortableness.  Definitely want their chicken again and the next time will be take out (or outdoor sidewalk dinning)! :)The Southern Fried Chicken is AWESOME!  They fry it up only when you place the order but it is well worth the wait!!!  Perfectly fried, juicy and well seasoned.  The baked mac & cheese was ok.  The grilled pork chop platters was also delicious.  It was tender, juicy and full flavor.MMMM...  Fiorella's has some of the best food I had in NOLA.  But they get the five stars because not only was the food plate lickin' good, the prices were CHEAP.
We found Fiorella's listed in one of those tourist magazines and figured why not give it a try?  Well, it took us forever and a day to find it, because for some reason the restaurant was hidden behind one of those industrial size dumpsters.  Yeah, really.  The place was hidden by trash.
And when we walked inside the dark, dusty and empty restaurant I started to have second thoughts about being adventurous and trying something new.  Well, it's a good thing I ignored those second thoughts, because man the food was GOOD.
Corazon already posted about the food we ate, because she was one of our group of three that ate there, but I will say that my favorite was her cousin's jambalaya.  I think I ate more of her food than mine.  Not that my food was bad, but man was that jambalaya good.  And I don't even like spicy food.
What I loved more about this place is that it seems like it's more for locals than tourists.  And it so confirms the saying that the best food is found in the dumpiest places.  The service was slow, but hey, you're in the South.  Why are you in a hurry?
When a friend recently asked me what I'd do first if won the lottery, I said I'd get a plane ticket to NOLA and eat at Fiorella's.  That's how much I can't wait to go back!Ozzing with atmosphere, albeit a little on the divey side, this eatery serves Italian dishes New Orleans style - that is with a touch of Cajun and Creole.
Atmosphere       80    Interesting and in an active part of town
Service              75    They cared
Food                 75     A change of pace from the rest
Value                75     About right for what you get.
Big portions, although not necessarily a plus, highlight this eatery. If you need to get away from that Cajun-Creole drum roll in the area this might be a find.My friends came to town and landed at this place, that I would never go to, as I have been disappointed Numerous times. The shrimp ettoufee was completely inedible . Everything was way to salty.After walking along the market, we spotted this place after hearing a few raves from one of my friends and decided to stop in to have some lunch. We were not dissapointed in the least. I had some boiled shrimp and she had a crawfish salad. It was small, but very busy and crowded which i always think is a good thing because that means it's loved by so many. I will come back here on another trip!Known for their fried chicken.  It is worth the wait.  They make everything as it is ordered to ensure freshness.  The chicken was hot, crispy and juicy.  Even the thick cut fries were great.  I'd eat here again, and again, and again...The fried chicken is the best. All made to order so take your time. Other foods - not so impressive unfortunately.Good chicken at a great price. I got the 6pc box with beans and it was better than anything I've gotten at Popeyes or Church's. Piping hot juicy very good, this my become my chicken run.My husband has loved Fiorella's for years -- it's a must on every visit to NOLA -- but I've always been lukewarm on it  at best.
The service seemed slow and brusque, food mediocre, lights too bright, and one night while we were waiting waiting waiting for menus, a giant cockroach nearly crawled across my foot and I was done.
BUT WAIT! There's a happy ending.
We went this spring, because John loves it and I love John, and I don't know if they changed or I did but I'm loving Fiorella's.
The corn & crab bisque is amazing. I had a seared tuna steak that was sushi grade and done so perfectly for I think $12.95. (If you're in NOLA long enough, sometimes you have to push away from the crawfish and oysters ...)
And the fried chicken is so so good that I'm (mostly) vegetarian and I finished my husband's last piece.
We've had some really attentive, friendly service this year and though the food's still on the slow side, I'm happy to wait when it's this good. Especially if we can score one of those magical sidewalk tables.
Fiorella's, you have won me over.big abita beer.. 
...fried chicken was.. well ok i guess....
.. a cockroach crawled up my leg here..Two stars for the local beers. The food was absolutely disgusting. The gumbo was an onion soup with a few sausage chunks and one shrimp. The fried green tomatoes were drenched in mayo sauce and enough grease to float on top of the soggy tomatoes. The kids fried chicken consisted of two soggy oil drenched pieces. As I said- good beer to wash down barely edible food.Came here for a semi-late dinner.  We had to wait a half hour for our food and when it arrived it was all cold-lukewarm (except for the fries).  I want to give this place another chance, though, as I thought the flavors seemed good and the price was right.I didn't have any food, but the drinks were horrible. I had the black and gold hurricane, and it was the worst drink I had in New Orleans. Not really a great spot for tourists if you don't want to be bad mouthed by the drunken locals. 
It was a stop on one of the haunted tours, historically it served as a brothel, which was pretty cool. Other than that I don't have any positives about this place, except that the staff were relatively friendly and speedy.The fried chicken was awesome. The po boy wasn't the best I have had, but it was solid. My only complaint would be that they were out of half the menu while we were there.Awful. Waited an hour for two salads and a gumbo, half way through we had to tell the waitress what we had ordered again (obviously had not been given to the kitchen yet) and when the food arrived the salads were warm and it's not even busy, go somewhere else!This place rules! We came in after lunch for "one" drink, and thanks to the amazing Bartender Jerry, we ended up having about 5, and also rearranging our plans for the following day to come back and have lunch. The fried chicken is so good I want to cry just thinking about it. I recommend sitting at the bar if Jerry is working... He will make sure you leave happy (and maybe a little drunk). He makes a FANTASTIC Bloody Mary, and if you are feeling brave ask him for a Bloody Jerry... Trust me.Well let's just say, Fiorella's has better nights. We started with one waitress and ended up with a waiter. She decided to go home. Apparently writing things down as a they are ordered is too difficult as a waiter. I'm live two blocks away. Let's say this is the last chance I'm giving this place. You hire inept employees you, unsatisfactory reviews will follow.  As we ordered and ask questions our waiter was, well quick, to snip a response. What's your soup du jour? You say it's one that's already on the menu? Well, that's not really a soup of the day that's just a soup you already have prepared, or the lazy way of not preparing a soup of the day!  Secondly, if the waiter messes up the order, "I can't have carbs" and I order accordingly, and you bring out nothing like I ordered please don't be surprised by this review. Secondly, a manager came out and tried to tell me you can't serve liver and onions with out gravy! Actually you can. Just dont out he gravy on it. Admit your mistake and fix it. I ordered no potatoes or gravy, the item I ordered doesn't require that to be consumed, so why tell me it does? Liver seems to go down with out gravy just fine, why would argue with a guest? Management doesn't need to discuss why I can't have gravy. Just serve what I ordered the way I ordered it. Would you argue with someone whom has a peanut allergy. I can't have white flour. Don't serve me what I haven't ordered and tell me that it was made wrong, here you go enjoy. That seems, well, not truly customer satisfactory! Everyone has a day and let's just hope today was yours. Either way the one star was well deserved. Til next timeAmazing fried chicken, chicken and sausage gumbo and crab cakes! Yum!! Would eat here again and again. Authentic local cuisine!We've been coming here a long time now. Yes the wait is usually 30 min long to fry your chicken but our last visit we waited over an hour to get our food when the two groups that came in after us already had theirs on the table. Disappointing.
Our server was very new to the serving game. It was pretty apparent when she gave us a flat coke and when we mentioned it was flat and she suggested a Dr. Pepper. I said, "well honey if it's flat, they're all gonna be flat, you need to change the C02 out for the whole fountain." She was dumfounded and said, "huh, what's that and how do I do that?" I told her to ask her manager I'm sure she could get a quick lesson. She brought us a flat Dr. Pepper anyways. Silly girl.
We waited and waited and waited for our beloved fried chicken. I mentioned the wait time to our server and she didn't charge us for the side of veggies. That was nice. 
Like always the chicken was amazing. So crispy & light. I wish they could overnight it to me. They changed the mac n cheese recipe to one that uses Velveeta now instead of Cheddar. Horrible I know, but I like the way it tastes now. Call me crazy.Down to earth people and I love this place... The people make it better... They even suggest a Tout which we have decided to do...  The best Fried Chicken..I hope my people's join and support our locals. From Giddget and TAM...DC and BostonWe love this place. The fried pickles are to die for, and the best chicken in the French quarter. We've been coming here for years and we love it. Expect a wait, or call your order in before you show up. It's worth the waitOur college aged kids went during the labor day weekend and they had fried chicken, red beans and rice and would eat again. Not "Willie Mae's Scotch House" good  but still good enough to warrant a return visit. Service left much to be desired but still a sold dining option.With the goal of finding the best fried chicken in the French quarters of new oeleans this place was pretty good. I would give overall 3/5 for overall experience.
We ordered the 3 dark meat fried chicken with rice and beans, shrimp poboy, and chicken gumbo soup.
Fried chicken: 4/5 stars 
Juicy chicken, good spice, not drenched in oil, meaty, would have liked the gross fat parts to be trimmed a little, but I just ripped it off.
Shrimp poboy: 3/5 stars
 Ehh...Nothing special. Good amount of fried shrimp however no sauce to really eat with it. It was listed to have a spicy mayo, but when asked for sauce I got ranch and cocktail suace. Bread seemed old, cut the roof of my mouth. Otherwise shrimp seemed fresh, no foul taste. 
Chicken gumbo: 1/5 stars
Had 1 spoonful, wanted to stop, gave it a second chance 1/2 way through the meal with another taste...no go. It was salty and just bad. It was salt water cooked over and over with new rice added since the rice did not soak in any of the soup. The sausage and chicken was likely cooked/ reheated over and over in the soup. It was tough and rubbery. I had to spit it out. 
Cleaniness of the restaurant 1/5 stars.
Dirty dirty, sticky, etc. 
Overall 2/5 if you average the score. The gumbo really brought  it down. If it is not good, then don't list the food or say you are out of it. 
Eat outside if you want to stay for food. 
Next time I would just get the fried chicken to go.
Hopes this helps.The fried chicken was excellent. Also had the fried pickles which were a little on the tart side for my likes. In fact, it was so tart that I confused them to be extremely too salty. The red beans and rice were phenomenal. Shrimp poboy, not their star attraction. Service was incredibly nice and friendly.The Eggplant chips are a meal onto themselves!  And they are greatness!  Beyond those, the meatball pasta and chicken parmesan were decent enough.  Not quite memorable, however.  The main attraction is of course sitting out front - on Decatur st. - while enjoying some red sauce and a beer.  Location is everything!this place is a dive, but let me tell you, it has the best fried chicken I've ever had, and the mac. & cheese was to die for.   good portions for a heck of a cheap price.  hands down this place rocks for the food and priceThis is a dive bar with a restaurant attached. If you are a fried chicken fiend, with a high tolerance for rude service, then I highly suggest you come here. 
I am such a fiend, and I did enjoy their fried chicken quite a bit. Though, now that I have the knowledge that they deliver, I think I have found the perfect solution to their service.Food was not that good and upstairs bathroom toilet was backed up with feces. And no soap. Only kudos is friendly server.If I could rate this place zero stars I would. We waited over an hour for our food and it came to a point where we paid for our drinks and left. Manager was extremely rude and did not seem to care about her customers. 
Don't waste your time coming here there are better places to go.I'll keep it simple. Small dive-ish restaurant in the French Quarter on Decatur St. Both husband and I came for the fried chicken. It did not disappoint and neither did the red beans and rice we got with the chicken. It was delicious, crispy, juicy, tasty and the red beans and rice were bangin!
Here's the thing, the service was sloooow and often times seemed non-existent. The servers were nice and courteous, just painfully slow. We saw at least one couple leave the restaurant because no one came to take their order, not even a drink order.This is a fried chicken and service review only. There comes a point when it's hard to compare great food 1 to 1. So I will put it this way....the fried chicken is a damn tasty here. Not sure where to place in the pantheon of greats ...but it's there. As a bonus the service is great and employees are engaging and friendly.It really is a dive but with great food. 2nd time here and I again enjoyed their corn crab bisque and fried chicken. It was really good and worth the effort to come here.
Yelp has the wrong address. The main entrance is on Decatur not French Market Pl which is their back door.If po' boys in n'awlins all were I had to eat for the rest of my life, consider me broke and living street-side. However if I passed by Fiorella's in the future, i might save up my cup 'o change and keep moving. 
The local Fodor's guide directed us to three potential spots for killer sloppy sandwiches: Johnny's, Mother's and this joint. We considered Johnny's, but our guide said they were 'inconsistent' and Fiorella's was better. Shows how much I should smack myself for not just yelping it first...
Fiorella's looks more like an old italian restaurant than a cajun joint (hmmm, like let's start with the name?)- but I guess that's not out of the ordinary in the Big Easy. It's also not the cleanest place you'll ever eat at - but yet again, when there's items like 'dirty rice' on the menu, I don't expect my cajun to be pristine either. 
Overall, the po boys were decent - just hugely bread-heavy with obviously packaged rolls. Considering the ratio, an extra addition of dressing (aka lettuce, tomato, sauce) would have been appreciated. The boy got the 'famous' fried chicken which he claims was 'serious', except his side of mashed potatoes and gravy was also 'seriously instant'. Bleh. I mean really, I know this isn't Idaho, but we can't boil real potatoes around here?
I like the fact that all the food is made-to-order, even despite the wait, but in the end, I might just take a number at Johnny's and hope the equivalent wait equals a po boy that knocks my socks off. 
Then again, Johnny's gets the verdict tomorrow...Very disappointing experience. 
We walked into this restaurant happy and left hungry and frustrated like sad little orphans. The one star I give should be attributed solely to the charming Brit who served us our waters. Other than that, disappointing all around. 
1. After chatting amongst ourselves for about 10 minutes with no service or greeting, we had to ask at the bar whether it was counter service or if they had a member of their waitstaff to send over. 
2. The charming Brit left his station behind the bar to help us and we got drinks with no problem. After this, it went downhill like a skier in the Olympics. 
3. The Brit took our order for a few po boys some jambalaya and 2 starters. 40 minutes later we asked for the food to go because we had a tour scheduled we had to get to. We also asked for the check. 
4. 10 minutes after that, no food or check. I realized they never brought starters so I asked for those to be removed from the check. 
5. The waitstaff said they had to ask the manager. They couldn't find him. 
6. 10 minutes after that, still no check or food. So, it was an hour... No starters, no food, no check and our 2nd waiter started getting huffy that we were asking questions.
7. We finally offered $23 for our drinks and said forget the whole thing. 
8. It's gonna be one hungry and hungover gator tour.It isn't on the menu, but they will make a fried pickle po'boy with a lime mayo sauce. Try it with the potato salad.This has to be one of the worse places to dine in NOLA!   My friends and I sampled many different items which other than fried chicken were very non descript and of poor quality.  Dinners were served at different times for everyone.  Service was marginal and they had no white wine of any vintage.  Bar tender comped a drink because they were out of so many i
tems. On a scale of 1-10 I would give it a weak 2.The fried chicken with a Side of red beans and rice was some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. My daughters meal came with a side of Mac and cheese. We needed to order a second helping because all the adults nibbled so much of it the first time. The basil shrimp appetizer was wonderfully seasoned. I highly recommend. Best place I ate at tho trip to New Orleans.Fried Chicken!  Yes!  The nice and crispy breading protects the juicy meat awaiting your taste buds.  Be patient though.  YOU WILL WAIT as your chicken is cooked to order and Fiorella's can be busy at any time of the day.  Top off your chicken order with a side of mac n' cheese.
Simple casual environment.  Good home cookin'.Walked in with about 15 of us for lunch this past Friday and were seated right away. A couple of our friends walked by Fiorella's the day before a suggested we try it, being rated one of the best fried chicken establishment's in NOLA. Both the waitress and waiter that were both helping our large group were not only very helpful but also friendly and entertaining. 
Most of us ordered gumbo and one of the chicken combinations. The chicken was very crunchy and tasty, seeing as I'm a texture girl I do love how crunchy the chicken was and stayed throughout the meal. The gumbo was also good. It seems that every restaurant you go into, they'll claim they have the best gumbo so of course it was hard for us to not order it. They were also attentive enough make sure to top our drinks off every time they came by especially the mimosas!We stopped here because Coop's was really busy.  However, we came with high hopes. The serves was awful. We waited first for our drinks, then forever for our food. Yet it gets better. All, but one order was wrong and there were only 4 of us!  So, well my friend ate, the other three just watched. Next up was the other dinners which, were still wrong!  So they remade them again while we waited for another half hour. About the food OK, but at this point anything would have tasted good. This place was small with about 10 tables.  This was the day before Mardi Gras. Who wants to spend there first evening sitting in dive. If it is going  to take two hours to eat, make it French or good Cajun.  Lots of good places to eat on this town. So I would skip this one!The shrimp etouffe knocked my socks of. Best fried chicken I have ever had in a restaurant. Same deal with the red beans and rice. I was disappointed by the gumbo. It just didn't pop, and had a weird citrus note. The red sauce that came with our bread was killer. The server was friendly and took good care of us. The place is grungy inside, like a lot of the places around here. I definitely will go back.I went to Fiorella's for a quick lunch to take home. I grabbed two po-boys but when I got home to my surprize their was fried chicken in the box. Being that I live literally right around the corner I tracked back around to them smiling and laughing that I brought the chicken back so quickly cause the owner of the chicken was standing there lol. But anyways I got my po-boys and went on back home. The roast beef po-boy was delicious but I couldnt get my mind off the smell of the chicken WONDERFUL.... So I made it about two days with my mind still thinking about the chicken.  I couldn't shake it.
So that day I was looking at some of the great antique shops and just happened by Fiorella's again. This time I ordered the 3 Piece Chicken and Mac and Cheese. The Chicken was everything you wanted in chicken. Prolly the best fried chicken I have had.Some friends and I really wanted fried chicken so we ended up here- it ended up being a great decision. The place has been described as kind of a dive, and I guess that'd be hard to disagree with. But I was there for the food which was excellent. It takes a while for an order of fried chicken, which they'll tell you. But just grab a pint of NOLA blonde and relax. 
Our server was Taz and she was the exactly what we needed- a spunky and fun personality we looked forward to seeing each time she came back to the table. 
A far as service goes, Taz was as good as it gets. After a few pints, she recommended I try the FEMA hurricane, a dangerously delicious concoction. 
If you need good home food and a drink, come here, hands down.I would not recommend this place at all. The service was horrible. After waiting for half an hour for our food, the waitress comes over and asks us what were our orders. We had to wait more than half an our more to get our food. The food wasn't bad, but either great, so I'm sure there are better places around this area.Probably the best fried pickles and fried chicken I've ever had. The pickles were hot, salty, briny, and coated in what tasted like cool-ranch doritos. The chicken was moist and tender with an incredible fried crust. HUGE portions. The waiters did not mind that we had brought to-go cups from Pat O'Brien's. The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but the food definitely makes up for the lack of ambiance. Friendly service and worth the "wait" that our server warned us of (it was barely 15 minutes!). Definitely recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.