Fiorellas became our main happy hour spot during our stay in Nola. They have great specials, a fun atmosphere and a diverse group of great bartenders!!!! Brando, Devin and Darrell were all very welcoming and hilarious in their own way!I absolutely loved this place on my trip to NOLA.  Came for brunch and were greeted by the friendly staff. Before we ordered, they brought us a mimosa on the house to get our day started! We ordered the chicken and waffles and and the eggs benedict. Both were great!!! They have the best grits in town. They make them with mascarpone cheese and are to die for. Definitely check this place out for brunch if you are in the area!The place is basically empty, and the service is very slow. I gave it 2 stars because the crawfish beignets were good, but that's where it ends. The drinks were very weak, the food took a really long time, and after it was brought we spotted a rat in the restaurant... Definitely not coming back or recommending it.Could you explain to me why the waitress automatically added 18% service fee to a party of two (2) for a total food bill of over $40 on a non-holiday Friday please? That is fine - I typically tip a lot more until the waiter/waitress feels touched and he/she can recall my name the next time and thereafter, but I chose to do the mandatory 18% at this restaurant.
Here comes a bigger issue:
When the guests next to me wanted to order fried chicken, the waitress (from Illinois)told them the chicken was not good and recommended another dish WHILE I WAS EATING THE FRIED CHICKEN!!!  Omg!!!!!  Frequent visitors would know how close the tables are next to each other. I understand everyone has his/her own opinion about food, but this is way over the limit as a restaurant staff and being on site. 
I visited the restaurant just becos of the fried chicken. (I have had most of the dishes in more fancy restaurants in town) Although there were previous reviews saying that they no longer used the original recipes but I still insisted to try. Please don't say the fried chicken was NO GOOD loudly, especially when I was eating it!
On the other hand, the guy waiter is very professional and full of energy. Love him. 5-star.
Try to be upfront and honest when applying the mandatory 18% service fee to a small group, especially for the elderly who has bad eyes and need flashlight to read the menu.The fried chicken was really good, crisp flavorful skin with moist and tender meat...what else do you want. The oysters were a nice appetizer and the beer was cold.
The sign outside is fairly small so pay attention or you will walk right by it.Service is horrible. Waited 40 minutes for food. Waiter could not handle refilling drinks.  Half of our party of six hot food the other three waited ten more minutes for food.  Regular tea was ordered and sweet tea delivered. Bud light ordered and Budweiser delivered.  Two pieces of white meat chicken ordered. One white one dark delivered. Just a terrible experienceJust in case you were curious, this IS the best fried chicken in all of New Orleans. This damn chicken...life changing. This ain't that old Fiorella's gig y'all might remember, they're revamped and back with a fried up vengeance. Kudos to those French chefs that freaking nailed it. We were so clueless as to where to go for fried chicken and after an hour long pilgrimage to find the best --we stumbled across this diamond in the rough, and holy moly, god bless it.This place is so damn good! Poppy was our server. She is great! The fettucini here is amazing!!! Fried chicken to die for! Red beans a rice are good!!! You really cant go wrong with the food here! Its really my favorite and has been for year's. If only they can stop burning down! Please try to stay open!!! No more fires for ya'll!This place is the BEST.  Chicken is to die for.   I wanted them to fry my slippers.  Ashley, the Hostess is the Mostess.  I'll be back..Fabulous fried chicken!
We dined here for dinner after a local recommended it. We liked the vibe, the ambiance, the perfectly not too cold a/c and most of all the food!
We started with a ceaser salad and fried green tomatoes. Both were outstanding. The latter was far better than Mr. B's!
We then had the fried chicken-all dark meat at our request. Perfectly seasoned, crispy, crunchy exterior and moist and tender interior! Mouthwatering and oh so good. A real contender for Willie MAEs Scotch house and right in the quarter near the open air market . 
We washed it all down with a bottle of chianti. 
Service was excellent. The chef-Yas- previously worked in Paris , was very personable and clearly has skills! 
If you like fried chicken you should try theirs.Whilst they were very nice they do not in fact have outdoor seating nor are they dog friendly. Yelp should probably update this.We stumbled across this wonderful place this morning and let me start by saying the staff is amazing!!!! Poppy was our bartender she was welcoming and informative she told us where to go to enjoy great jazz music and Nola night life. The was only the icing on the cake though .... she makes the most amazing blueberry mojito and the spring mojito with all fresh ingredients, right down to pure cane sugar. My kudos to the chef , best charbroiled oysters I've ever had. This will certainly be a stop for us next year when we come!!! Do yourself a favor and step in here you won't regret it.If you are in NOLA and want some AMAZING fried chicken this place is a MUST!!! It just blows my mind every time!!! DO NOT leave the Quarter without coming here!I've picked up lunch here three times since their re-opening after the kitchen fire, and all three times have been great. I don't know if they have new management or a new staff, or maybe just renewed pride for what they do --- but the old Fiorella's - the one from long ago when they were awesome - is definitely back! 
I had stopped coming here altogether before the fire because I had at least a dozen bad experiences with the food and the service, but I have so many friends who dig this place so I kept returning. I've been really impressed with their food over the last couple months. Their chicken is consistently excellent and seems to take a little less time coming out of the kitchen than it used to. The eggplant chips are delicious - thin and crisp. The potato salad is delicious, and the marinara is always to die for. For $8, you can get two pieces of fried chicken and a side. That's a pretty solid lunch at a great price. 
Kudos, y'all. You're definitely back on my list of casual places to recommend to my tourists at work.First time back since the fire, and wow what a change in decor!  The fried chicken, as always, fresh and juicy and crunchy. Ordered Cole slaw and they were out so had fries and mac and cheese. Fries were awful, tasted old and refried. Mac and cheese was good. Drinks were good, just ordered beer and prosecco. Our waitress was nice.  This place has so much potential, but really the only thing I've ever eaten here is the chicken so the rest of the menu might be stellar, but I doubt it.If I could give it less then one star I would. Service was very very slow. Our waitress had zero urgency. Food took a very long time to come out and looked unappealing. I ordered a cheese burger with fries. Burger was unrecognizable and manager told me it was the binders they use for the meat and took what he said was an onion off my plate. The waitress finally came back and asked if she could bring me gumbo to which I politely declined. A few mins later the manager brings over a plate of crab cakes because he didn't want me to leave hungry. I tried one bite, they were so spicy they were inedible. My cousin ordered spaghetti which looked like it had been microwaved. They did comp my meal and beer however we will not return.Ask for the home made chips even if they are not on the menu. Ask the general manager. And p.s., they should be placed back on the menu! So good. Eat the fried chicken of course! We ate at this restaurant 5 years ago and we finally came up with the name this trip.The menu has changed slightly, but same great place. Definitely recommend this place. Service was good, chicken and chips were great! Hope they put back the fettuccine Alfredo with vegetables back on the menu as well. Tip to help you find it: Close to Cafe Du MondeWife had the fried chicken and she said it was stellar the greeter Anthony was amazing and the service was great. All around fine placeAwesome food and service. Ordered the jambalaya and fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp. Food was amazing and was served quickly. Prices were excellent for the quality of food as well.Tried this place out for their fried chicken which was just less than ok. Our waitress was awesome tho! She took a little long to bring our drinks but right before we left she gave us free refills for the road!Read poor reviews, but gave it the benefit of the doubt since it was pet friendly. Good ambience, average food, pricey for what you get. Went with my spouse and our 7 year old. Our daughters food came out first- and that's not a compliment. We waited another 10-15 minutes before we got our food. She was done by the time our food arrived. My plate looked enticing, but the waffle was so soggy and just not good. The chicken was probably the best thing going. I'd save your money and go somewhere else.Best fried chicken ever! Fantastic, friendly service! Quaint, standard New Orleans atmosphere. Give it a try, I promise you won't be disappointed!Such a beautiful space, but service was slow and how they handled the check was odd.  Joined colleagues for lunch to try their famous Fried Chicken, which was good but not great.  The entire meal took approximately two hours, even though the restaurant was almost empty.  The fried chicken plate, which comes with a side of potato salad is priced at $16, which is to be expected in the Quarter.  My water glass was not refilled once during the meal.  And when it came time to pay the check the server informs us that their system is down and she wanted to write down all of our credit card numbers and manually enter them at a later date.  Just odd, and frankly concerning.  My card was ultimately billed what appears to be the correct amount, but the charge showed up as "Snookers Bar" which is a bar across the street which has the same owner.  With so many other dining opportunities in the Quarter I do not plan on going back.I was excited about this place, made a reservation for a large party for the last night of my mother in laws 50th b-day celebration trip. Upon entering the server was sweet and the decor was cute... but then came all the negatives. Drinks were kinda rank, food took forever to be served, and on top of it once it came out, they forgot my fiance and his uncles plate of fried chicken as well as my etouffee. Server said it was the chefs fault but not sure.... Hate when servers play the blame game. The etouffee came out, but we had to cancel the chicken as everyone else was done, and theirs still hadn't been served. Also - there was a huuuuge cockroach on the wall of a table behind ours. I understand that kinda thing happens, but we told out server, and she proceeded to make a grossed out face then DO NOTHING. We told another server and she bossed up and took the thing down. It was coming right for us! Overall, the food was o.k., the people who received theirs were happy. (Even though they were a bit nervous after our roach encounter). I get we were a large party, but dang service was lacking. Server wouldn't even make eye contact with me after all the issues, but hey she might of just been having a tough night and was busy. I think this spot would be ok for a smaller group, but definitely not the place to go for a large party. They just couldn't hang.THERE IS A GOD AND SHE COOKS ITALIAN FOOD!!! Came to New Orleans for vacation and planned to eat my weight in Cajun, Creole and southern foods. Italian food was nowhere on my radar, I can good Italian food at home, but it was late and so many other places had lines. We stopped to read the menu and began talking to one of the waiters he swore we'd not regret the amazing food so what the hell....I ordered the Angel Hair Pasta w spicy meatballs with sweet and spicy sauce my husband ordered parmesan chicken pasta or something hung like that  I don't keep track of him..with the first bite we made eye contact and began cursing loudly the waitress came by to see if all was ok...it wasn't...we explained how pissed off we were that they made us eat this!! How dare you! Did they not realize that we were now ruined for all pasta everywhere!!! The pasta itself was so tender yet firm yet soft and flavorful...wtf...and the sauce...that effing sauce....the color was such a deep beautiful red, thick and rich the tangy bite with just a hint of sweetness was a flavor I didn't know existed. My husband found the amazing chef and let her know what a horrible person she was and that we hated her for destroying our lives with her  culinary wizardry...there is a tear in my eye as I write this....I will somehow eat there again despite the 7000 miles between us...damn youMe and my husband came to this place last year, our first NOLA experience, and are now preparing to return for our 5th anniversary 3/2018.  Without a doubt Fiorella's has the BEST fried chicken we have ever had.  The batter is light yet very crispy, very juicy and seasoned to perfection.  You have to wait a bit to get your food, but that is because they are cooking it fresh per order, none of that par cooking earlier in the day.  The servers were very friendly.  The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the decor.  The carpet was pretty dirty and the tables and chairs pretty worn out. But hey! That's the charm of NOLA!  Look past that and try this place!  The other review below about the fabulous Italian on 5/2/17 seems to be the only other review which surprises me with how good the food is!  Can't wait to get some more fried chick during our anniversary visit! We are craving the chicken but might have to make a 2nd stop for the Italian!I do remember the place before the "fire". It was a dive, drinks good and food simple. Not sure what is going on, the server discribed the menu as French but they still had the fried chicken from original menu with a long description. I still can't figure out the French, import of chefs and  all the pomp and circumstance it goes along with this restaurant. My friends that were with me describe their dinners as mediocre. I had the chicken and it was still delicious. There is no red beans and rice, no Creol, no southern cooking, not the same restaurant. If you going to change everything then change the name. The receptionist was more than cold she was freezing. This will be the last time I come to this restaurant.Hands down - Best fried chicken I've had in nola. Fried to order. Crispy with a bit of spice. Perfection!went here for the fried chicken...  though it taste just like popeyes, except cost 3x
i also had a hurricane and a long island.  after i complain about the hurricane being like juice, the long island was strong, with only a splash of coke.
i think i will just stick to popeye's.Great brunch! Had Muffuletta with strong Bloody Mary/screwdriver. Friendly server who told us that they are rebranding to Lulu's Bistro and focusing on French cuisine. Will definitely come back to sample the new French fare!Our first time here since the fire and came away feeling happy they reopened and gave the place a new look. We ordered a few mimosa's that were ehhh( ice in them).The red beans and rice were still very good creamy and smokey tasting however the sausage was sliced in little pieces this time instead of a link like the past and were over cooked. The fried chicken came out hot and crispy (35 minutes wait but worth it). We will be back for sure as this place still has the best fried chicken and red beans. The service was decent but there was no soap in the bathrooms.The fried chicken is amazing!!!! The fettuccine Alfredo w/ blackened chicken was good, I prefer a spicier version, but still good and I would order again. 
The prices were great for in the quarter and I will def come back. 
I would've rated it 5 stars , however, Sara, hostess/waitress sucked. 
Zero personality, has to remind her to get water, had to approach her to tell her we were ready, had to remind her to get a box. Told her 3 x's we didn't want dessert, just check. 
We were first in restaurant, 3 other couples came after, all were attended to and served before us. If we weren't starving, we would've left. Glad we didn't because food was great.
Ask for the server Roger , wish we had him, would've been a completely different experience. He was polite and helped us when Sara wouldn't. 
Have the fried chicken and ask for Roger and All will be goodI made a dinner reservation here through OpenTable for Christmas and even received a confirmation text a day before. Only for my family to get to the restaurant to find it was closed. If you don't plan on being open, don't accept the reservation. I am incredibly disappointed and would leave no stars, if that was possible.Sadly, a once great hang has fallen on hard times. Fiorella's on Decatur still has amazing fried chicken, but good luck getting any.  The kitchen is so incompetent, that it took me over an hour to get a simple to go order. While I waited a tragi-comedy equal to A Confederacy of Dunces played out before my eyes. Incorrect order after order came out. An extremely frustrated wait and bar staff openly lambasted the kitchen and the management and a near fight between the bar tender and manager broke out. My order came, but it was never right and I just gave up.  Needless to say... I will I not be returning.I was hesitant on trying this place because the reviews seemed to be very mixed, and after coming here for dinner around 7pm on Thursday night, I have to say I side with the lower reviews...
I called several times trying to make a reservation, figuring around that time they would be packed, however no one answered my call and I tried about 4 different times within an hour. When we arrived at the restaurant it was empty except one other table there who was finishing up.  When were seated and given menus I asked for a drink list as well as wine menu and was told they do not have one. When asked what type of Sauvignon Blanc they had the waitress could not tell us, but she pointed to a bottle of pinot grigio behind us on a shelf and said that's the type of pinot grigio they had so I said we would take that. Once drinks were poured she took our order.
Food came out in a decent time and was alright. Not the best we had, but we all ate our dinners satisfied.  When we got the check we asked our waitress for any recommendations of things in the area other than Frenchman as we were there the night before. She said she didn't know the area, except Frenchman Street has bars and music. We thanked her and promptly left. 
After leaving we realized we had given her 2 credit cards to split the bill on, but the entire bill was put onto 1 credit card both times. We figured it as a group and didn't bother to go back.
Overall I do not recommend this place. I'm not sure how this place seems to get such opposite reviews, even the pictures look completely different than when I was there. There are many other places in New Orleans that I would try instead.We stumbled into Fiorella's by coincidence when other nearby restaurants were busy and we were so happy we did! The food and service were fantastic. They have a new chef from Paris and all of his food is exquisite! We are the char-grilled oysters, jambalaya and pasta primavera. It was the best meal we had in New Orleans!Spot bearded bartender was a prick.  We waited a while for him to return from the restroom then while he chatted with a colleague.  Served my party then went about gossiping with a homely woman about a former employee who arrived to pick up his last check while I waited. 
Security and the male host were sweet. 
Plenty of other spots to pick up a $5 to go special. 
Rude. Not a fan.Excellent service and delicious food! Had the gumbo, jambalaya, deep friend chicken, and topped it off with a bread pudding that reminded me of my late grandmother! Our server Poppy was great :)Amazing drinks great atmosphere and French chef menu!!! Fried chicken is the bomb!!!!Fiorellas is back!!! We have come here at least 1x a year from California for the last 6 years. We ate at Fiorellas before the fire/remodel and now post fire/remodel. 
The layout is better with more seating and the food is the just the same. Fried chicken is incredible, red beans and rice and the fried pickles are awesome.
Cade is a great waiter. Quite possibly the greatest waiter ever in the history of waiters. He deserves a massive raise. 
Let's all help him make it to California so he can surf the West Coast waves.First, Love this place. Long patriot. Love the remodel. Only a few things. Why are the tables covered with checkered tc. Should be without or use butcher paper. The checkered table cloth makes the place look drab and they just reno'ed. The red sauce should have fresh oregano and basil not dry herbs. When you get chicken park it should not be cut in slices. Hope the owner/chef reads this and follows advice.Chicken was good but taste like Popeyes. Chicken came out fresh and hot. The meal was all over the place and wish they offered more New Orleans food.Last time I was in New Orleans this place had a sign saying "Best fried chicken !!"
So this time we went for dinner with our friends.
This is a nice place to eat and the
Fried Chicken was the BEST !
Yes, you have to wait while they cook the chicken, but it's not
a bad wait for such a good meal.
We will come back next time we visit NOLA.Today was our first post fire / rebuilding visit to this treasured little locals eatery in the French quarter.
The new decor is very nice.  The traditional "dirt" floors are no more.
We had Caesar salad, fried chicken, the mushroom appetizer, & char-grilled oysters; all very good.  Chicken was PERFECT Southern-style fried chicken.  But, no more spaghetti !   How could an Italian restaurant not offer spaghetti ?
Full bar.
Now, entry doors on both sides, parking is on your own, same great location.
Good service, fair prices, comfortable digs. 
No paper towels in restrooms, take some napkins.
Don't miss Fiorella's; new and better; even without spaghetti !
RickAlthough this place claims to have been voted  the best fried chicken in NOLA, I found the chicken to be quite salty and the service was quite lacking.Food and service was mediocre. We went around mid-day and there were maybe 5 tables with guests occupying the tiny space. It took ages to get service and even longer to actually get our food.We brought my niece here to have the fried chicken. She has tons of allergies, so before ordering we spoke to the owner, Miss Rebecca. She assured us that the chicken would be safe for her to have. Well, after a new trainee made a mistake and used the wrong fryer for seafood, Miss Rebecca had her staff use a different pot just to fry chicken safely for my niece!! Amazing!! That is what I call customer service!!! Not to mention that the food here is amazing!!Anthony doesn't tell a lie! The fried chicken was delicious and I see why it's "World Famous." Plus, the fried eggplant itself is worth a return trip, and Taz was a great, personable server.Used the be my favorite. Not anymore!!!!  It's nicer since the fire, but the food's not as good. And the hour wait for food is certainly not worth it. Big disappointment. Went from a favorite to a never again!  Hate it!Sad when they closed. Now open again in fancy digs but old 50's counter & stools gone. Had the fried chicken which was superb lake last time. A bummer is they no longer have the crab corn bisque - big mistake or I would have given them a 5.If I could give this place no stars I would. My wife made reservations for Christmas Day dinner only to make it all the way to the door and find it with a LOCK! If you're going to send confirmation text please make sure you're going to be open! There's absolutely no excuse for this, go on social media, double and triple check what you're selling to the public.Went there today for lunch the menu that's online is completely different than the menu in the restaurant.However wife ordered the chicken it was average I had the red beans and rice which came out cold which I sent back,I asked for some French bread and butter was bought out three small slices of cold bread not French.I am uncertain how the previous reviews were so positive the restaurant was empty and the food was less than average,we had a good server.It definitely is a tourist trap as a local would never return.Great customer service complements a good product. Excellent people, exquisite chicken and deliciously cooked eggplant. Great prices compared to other restaurants that get more hype. You must try this place. Great prices, great atmosphere and a uniquely flavorful fried chicken.Excellent food!! Super fresh and homemade taste! Wonderful service-Jeff was fantastic!!! Highly recommend!My friends and I came here for an early dinner after roaming the touristy side of the french quarter. If you are chill and have a good sense of humor you will love this place. Everyone there was such a character and the food was finger-licking good. Fried Chicken, Catfish Po-Boy, Red Beans and Rice were very delicious. I told my friend this is now a must go to spot whenever I come to visit her.Awesome place! Brando is the go-to bartender! He is awesome and took care of us. Great drink specials and to go drinks!Arrived thinking could the new restaurant with namesake match the old. Surprising it did not . They had ran out of chicken.Settled for bellonese but the dish received was served lacking volume or taste for what the server had recommended. Luke warm pasta with meat sauce.  Will not recommend to my following that ask where would you recommend in New Orleans.My husband and I jumped into this restaurant when the rain started and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service!  The waitress was helpful in helping me find a dish that was meat-free and uber-flavorful.  I highly recommend the red beans and rice!!!!Not a good experience. We ordered spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer. It took close to 20 minutes to come out and was more of a spinach soup than a dip. I ordered red beans and rice as my entree and my boyfriend ordered a shrimp po boy. Took another 25 minutes to come out. Mine was awful but his was pretty good. The service was sub par, very unprofessional hostess and an inattentive waitress. However, I will say that the bartender was outstanding and picking up slack where the others left off! I would give it one star but one entree was good and the bartender was great.The absolute best fried chicken in the world.  Wasn't really hungry,  but the host Anthony talked me into coming in and dining.  Drinks were on point as well.  
Y'all must drop in.They changed the fried chicken recipe. I was a vegetarian for four years before eating here in 2012 and I ate a whole chicken. I've come back for my birthday for multiple years. Went last night -- dry breast, greasy, and the worst part was that there was no seasoning at all. When you ate the breading, what used to be the taste of chicken skin and seasoning now tasted like oil and nothingness. It was like eating something that didn't exist. It didn't taste.
Truly, amazingly, disappointing. Six months ago when I was here it was the same, but there's some identity crisis going on. This used to be fried chicken, local beer, and local "down home" food. Now it's $28 seafood entrees and a wine list. 
If you want chicken, save your money and go literally anywhere else.When I visit New Orleans, I always trying to find off the beaten path eateries rather than do the tourist trap insanity. Fiorella's was a gigantic homerun, from the excellent service by Poppy to the just as excellent food. Great comfort food with a unique Nola flair.
First of all, the fried chicken is absolutely amazing and I will be back. Great crunch, flavor, and size, very filling. So tasty.
I also tried the boudin balls and the fried green tomatoes. Also to-die-for yummy...on the BB, I don't think I can have them anymore at the Texas state flower because these were so much better and more flavorful.
And even the little things that you would think can be no more than average exceeded expectations. I had the ceasar salad which was spectacular because of the hot garlic bread croutons, obviously a homemade incredible touch.
Just what I needed, a relaxing hearty comfort food dinner. Thank you for a great meal.Food is consistently amazing and worth the wait. Very nice location. Has much room for growth and potential. Drink specials are delicious and unbeatable pricing... much is left to be desired in the gem.I've been very disappointed with the different restaurants around here but this place is the bomb. The fried chicken is a must haveThis is the best bar ever! We got to chill with the #hostswiththemost Anthony and the best bartender ever, Brando. They hooked it up and I would definitely recommend!Chef Mandi, is AMAZING!!!!
Poppy our waitress was awesome. The food was excellent. The staff is so accommodating.  Love their vibe.  This place is a must seeThe best fried chicken I have ever had!!! And it's a gorgeous little restaurant right behind the French Market. Love this place!!So happy this place has bounced back and returned to Decatur Street. Best fried chicken in the French Quarter - we missed you guys!If I could give this restaurant zero stars, I would! In the week that I was in NOLA with my sister for my birthday, this was by far the WORST meal we had in a city full of wonderful food. Let me start from the beginning--I ordered an iced tea and the server said they didn't have any brewed tea and she couldn't find the tea bags so she couldn't make any. Huh?? Then I asked for the cocktail menu. They didn't have one. What restaurant in NOLA doesn't have a cocktail menu?? She proceeded to verbally give me the cocktail options. I settled for a glass of pinot noir. We ordered the fried chicken since that is what they're known for. My sister doesn't like white meat, so she ordered 2 drumsticks. The normal chicken entree comes with a mix of white and dark meat. The server said it would be an extra $2 for any change from the regular menu. The food took over a half hour to come to our table. When it did, my sister didn't get what she ordered. She got a drumstick and breast. We both got biscuits. She doesn't like biscuits so she gave hers to me.  Her biscuit was normal sized, mine looked like a small black hockey puck. And the biscuit my sister gave to me was cold, like it had just been taken out of the fridge. And the fries we got were yesterday's fries. My chicken was still pink inside. It seems like this restaurant is relying on their past fame for great fried chicken. They're also relying on tourist traffic, people who will swing by NOLA for few days never to be seen again. TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE!! AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!! I'm sure there are better places to get southern fried chicken, but Fiorella's is definitely not one of them!!My friend made reservations on a phone app for this restaurant. When we arrived the person at the bar quickly apologized saying they were having computer issues. He promptly cleaned a table and seated us. We waited quite a while before someone came to get our drink order and food order. The waitress wasn't very friendly and not attentive. The food itself was good. I ordered fettuccine that was a good portion and price. My husband enjoyed his gumbo. The ambiance was good with fun decor. It could have been a good experience. We waited forever before having the waitress check on us again. I had to flag her down to get our check. When she brought our check for a table of 6, she did not split it up. Knowing what a hassle it would be to get her again so that it could be split, we did the math for ourselves. She also added her own tip to the check which was frustrating. One couple paid in cash for their portion. We paid cash for our hurricanes, and we had told her to put the rest on our card. She then came back saying we owed for the hurricanes. So what had happened to our cash? Not wanting to have to sit there for much longer and noticing the attitude of the waitress, my friends decided to pay the extra cash. Very frustrating!Is just amazing!!!!... you have to try the fried chicken and the jambalaya, pure New Orleans cuisine. Thanks Poppy for the amazing service ... we definitely will come back. 
You DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT TRY THE BREAD PUDDING!!!! It will change your life....Best food I've ever had. Seafood gumbo is fantastic.  Fried chicken was to die for. Portion size was perfect. GET THE BREAD PUDDING. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.If you see this F logo on the door you will know that you are in front of the best fried chicken place in New Orleans. I just have to figure out how to post that front door picture I took while sipping on cold beer.  The spicy coating on this fried chicken is probably so simple (like salt, pepper, and some cayenne) but mouthwatering-good. The breast piece of our order was still so juicy and tender along with the other pieces...just order it with confidence and then chow down! 
The drinks also were so good. I heard "this is the best hurricane I've ever had. Probably due to the fresh squeezed juices used at the bar. Oh, and really nice servers, too!Recently reopened. A little disorganized, but have just a little patience and enjoy some excellent fried chicken and really good crab cakes. The staff is very polite and friendly.This place deserves the 5 stars!!! It is centrally located in the heart of French Quarter. It is everything you can imagine and experience when you think of eating in a restaurant on the French Quarter. The food was delicious. I perfer this overly priced chicken compare to Willie Mae's World best fried chicked, which its not. The waiter was extremely nice and patience with us. The food is expensive, but I expected the prices to be worse seeing that the restaurant is in the French Quarter. Also, there is a coupon with Restaurant.com with this company, so you cant beat that deal too. Please be advise, they will charge a 20% charge  as a tip because you used the coupon which is very annonying, but the coupon still helped to lower the cost!!! I say to locals and visitors to stop by anyways. Try the fried chicken and enjoy the luxurious city feel inside this restaurantFood is amazing!  We shared fried chicken, crawfish, Caesar salad, biscuits, gumbo, and HOMEMADE Hurricanes.  These Hurricanes are the best and made from REAL fruit juice!  Only $5!!!!!! Poppy makes them fresh- no Hurricane on tap here!  Derick was a great waiter and very helpful and nice.  Would recommend coming in and having good food and Hurricanes!!!Great food and service! High quality napkins! We came into the bistro for some quick food and were blown away.On a quest to get oysters before leaving NOLA. What an amazing discovery!!!  Great service and recommendations from Poppy and really, really good charbroiled oysters,bread pudding, and creative cocktails!! Wish we had stopped for more than a snack.Seriously unsanitary conditions, and the bar manager is literally a nazi.Hopefully you will go on day when the special is fried prime rib. Served with additional yumminess.  Get the grits even if you don't like grits. Chicken and waffles oh yeah.  Bacon appetizer yes please. If you like oysters the gumbo is especially oystery just for you.  There were no leftovers except as pictured.