Bravo! What an unbelievable meal. If you truly want to try New Orleans REAL fried chicken, Fiorella's is the spot. The Cajun burger was absolutely delicious and so was the FRIED chicken. The atmosphere was so cozy and staff was really nice.I wanted fried chicken for dinner that represented the south well. After a long day walking around the French Quarter I didn't want to expend a great effort. After searching on Yelp I found several 4 star restaurants that served fried chicken that were under 4 miles which meant I didn't have to jump on I-10. 
A few closed between 2-4 p.m. (I'm thinking 6ish), another "McKenzie's Chicken in a Box" (we had been to during our last visit) was fair at best and my wife wouldn't even consider going. 
Finally I found Fiorella's Cafe and very glad I did, only a few minutes away in a mostly residential neighborhood. 
The place was spotless and very well kept, and the young lady behind the counter very nice and very friendly. 
My chicken was among the best I've ever had. My wife order a hamburger medium rare and it was perfectly cooked. 
I would return here without question.THE Food was so good n served hot. French Bread w Butter. It all was well worth the slight wait. Good Flavor gravy w Onions ontop Hamburger Steak.BEST FRIED CHICKEN, EVER! I got the two piece fried chicken with mash potatoes and potato salad and it was incredible. The Cajun burger was also delicious! Also, the staff was super helpful and kind-- just an all around great experience!Had seen this place a few times then saw the feature article in Gambit. My spouse surprised me for lunch and we went there today.  I enjoyed it. I am not a person to go out and eat fried chicken, but today I did.  I'll definitely go back.Don't be fooled by the outside appearance of the building because once you step inside you are presented with an incredibly clean, spacious and comforting establishment. Everyone working there is cordial and polite. A lady (I believe the owner) came out of the kitchen to make sure everyone's meal was prepared to their liking which is so rare.
We had the red, beans and rice, chicken parmigiana, fried shrimp entree and meatballs with spaghetti. We kept sharing our meals with each other because they were all so amazing. The chicken is deep fried but so moist it makes your drool, drool. The meatballs have a nice crispness to them but soaked in sauce so they fall apart in your mouth. The fried shrimp are very large and plentiful. The red, beans and rice was very good but we should have gotten it with the hot sausage instead of the smoked sausage so it had a little more zap to it.
This is the kind of food you wish you discovered on the last day visiting the area because it makes you not want to go anywhere else for meals.Go there for the chicken! We bought two different meals "carry out", one fried chicken the other meatballs w/pasta. The chicken belongs in the Guinness Book of Chicken! Outstanding! The pasta sauce, while a bit sweet, was very good, but was a kinda sparse...shoulda served more on the order...I mean how much can sauce cost! I do indeed want to go back, as there was a nice size eat-in clientele. Parking not so easy.great prices!   great food.  we got red beans and rice with smoked sausage.    fried chicken, shrimp po boy, fries onion rings and beyond.  excellent food and prices.   staff is really super friendly, and the owner tells great stories of old school new orleans.
a fave new part of my neighborhood.  thank you for opening in gentilly.Great New Orleans mom and pop italian joint.   No frills, nothing fancy.  Just good food.Had their fried chicken at the FriedChicken Fest. It was pretty darn good. And to my surprise pretty close to where i grew up. This lil fried chicken gem has been hiding right up under my nose.  It's golden brown light crispy full of flavor and delicious. Everyone should give them a try. Ill be visiting there restaurant the next time im craving chicken.They have very good shrimp po boys. The bread is soft and the shrimps were crunchy and tasty. We will be back to try other dishesI couldn't wait to try Fiorella's fried chicken! The chicken was great!! Seasoned and perfectly fried!! Staff was kind!! Fries were fresh and hot..Really good prices!!!The best fried chicken in New Orleans. The veal parmesan is also a favorite of mine. The po boys are also very good and true New Orleans Po Boys.  Large portions, exceptional food and a neighborhood feel. Casual dining doesn't get better than this,This was my first time here and everything was great! I ordered the grilled chicken salad and the tomatoes were fresh and ripe, the lettuce was green and the chicken was seated to perfection!!Ordered the four peace with the side salad with blue cheese dressing and mashed potatoes. It was all delicious!!!! Chicken cooked to order. Homemade mashed potatoes and blue cheese was the bomb. A must do!!Great freshly fried chicken might take a while but well worth the wait. 
Ordered two piece dark with greens and mashed potatoes. The chicken was simple and just great. Simply dusted in cornmeal I assume, the chicken crust is very light and the chicken was blistering hot when served, so I ate my sides while waiting for it to cool. The greens were very good. The mashed potatoes were a little chunky on the bottom which I don't really like personally.
Have to admit I prefer Nashville hot chicken but this is pretty much as good as it gets for simple fried chicken without a lot of seasoning.The sweetest little staff! And the fried chicken is the real deal. Sides are classic, and stick to your ribs. There's usually a lil' line, but it's totally worth it! Great things take time! Go with the 3-piece dark, and select one of their 6-8 options of hot sauce! Never disappointed.Exploring the Gentilly area spots to eat. 
Really good fried chicken. I read that they were the best fried chicken in NOLA on EATER. I do think they are good but not sure about the BEST. The mashed potatoes were really good and so were french fries. You do have to wait 25 minutes for a 2 piece white with two sides but definitely worth it.I have always loved this place. Today we had Chicken Fettuccine- was absolutely amazing. My fried chicken came out a little under cooked, I told the waiter, he sent the chef. Chef Brennan was awesome. Not only did he comp our whole ticket (unnecessary because the chicken fettuccine was worth the whole ticket) he brought a "to go" box with freshly fried chicken!!! If you have an hour to sit and eat authentic made to order food, you can't miss this place!!!BEST CHICKEN EVER!!! I randomly visited this place, simply because it was close and I was hungry! I had never heard of it, but yelp suggested this to me and it is a little gem in Gentilly. The chicken was not only flavorful, but incredibly crunchy and fresh! The service was nice and timely, even during the lunch rush. It is a cute little family oriented diner setting, which i loved. Let's not forget how affordable this place is! 3 pieces of chicken with 2 sides for only $8.95! That's my kind of deal! You order your food at the counter upon entering, they give you a table number and walk your food out to you. Great experience! I will absolutely be frequenting this place every chance i get!What a great meal!  We both had the 2-piece fried chicken meals.  I had dark & my wife had white.  Every piece was perfectly fried.  White & dark were both hot and juicy inside.  Obviously this was fried after we ordered!  Breading was very light and flavorful.  Nothing was greasy.  I had French fries and there was a bunch of them; my wife had mashed potatoes with gravy and she said it was great.  Staff was friendly and engaging.  The slight wait was not unreasonable given that they were frying our order.  We both had water.  Total was $16.  We both agreed that it was clear why they won the best fried chicken award for New Orleans.  Give them a try!EVERYTHING is great here. I love the Stromboli it is HUGE and delicious. They deserve every accolade they receive for the fried chicken its just amazing. Top that with the fact that everyone is so nice!Their fried chicken won best in the city... I can see why. The chicken is perfectly crispy and well seasoned. The owners and workers are very friendly people; they always come and ask me how I liked my meal. In the duration of my living here, I've had the opportunity to try nearly everything on the menu and all's been met with my overwhelming satisfaction.I finally managed to try Fiorella's fried chicken!
I'm really excited about the location on Franklin because it's really close to my house now. I popped in for lunch today and had to order the fried chicken. I got the two piece with house salad and potato salad as my two sides. I was pleasantly surprised at the price: $6.95. I placed my order and waited for the famous chicken with the house salad keeping me busy.
When the chicken came out, I was still finishing my salad, and when I finally got to the chicken, it was still piping hot. The outside was deliciously crispy and the meat on the inside juicy. It was well seasoned throughout and I enjoyed every bite. The two piece was perfect for me with the sides, and I'm super excited to have this place so close to the house.
The girl at the counter looked super busy (turns out someone wasn't able to come in to work and she was doing two people's job today) but she took good care of everyone. I love neighborhood joints like this and will definitely be back for more fried chicken.Had a great experience here . Everything we ordered was awesome . Would definitely go back .the chicken was out of this worldThat fried chicken was so delicious.  It was hot and crispy and flavorful.  Great onion rings.  I can't wait to try everything.  We will be going back soon!Always excellent, fresh, tasty, delicious with fast, friendly service! Chicken Parm is of course one of my favorites! But truly, the fried chicken is awesome! Best meatballs... Either a plate with pasta or a poboy! If you haven't been you have no idea what you're missing out on.Everything I have tried is wonderful , from the fried chicken, po boys and plate dinners. All fresh to order!  Clean clean,  we dine in and take out often.  Kelly and Kelsey are doing a wonderful job.My second trip here, first time eating the fried chicken. Everyone raves about the fried chicken, twice they were voted 'best fried chicken in the city', and I understand why! It is delicious! Price is great, potato salad reminds me of my Mom's. One of the owners came out to the table and talked for a while, all in all a great time!My husband, father and I had a very enjoyable lunch on a Saturday afternoon. 
First of all- the service is fantastic. You order at the counter, and then your food comes out to you. The gentleman who brought our food out was polite and helpful. Periodically, when there was no line, the lady who took our order at the counter walked around and asked everyone how they were doing. My dad got a to-go order as well, and she came over to tell him that she would hold it at the counter until he was leaving. We were very impressed with the friendliness and helpfulness. 
The food was good as well. My dad got liver and onions with mashed potatoes and salad- he said the potatoes were incredible, and the rest was good too. My husband and I both got friend chicken with a side salad; I got cabbage and he got turnip greens. The sides were delicious, as was the salad dressing. The chicken was good- a tad greasy and needed salt and pepper, but nice and juicy inside and crunchy outside. 
My only complaint is that there are few sides that are not white potatoes (French fries, mashed potato, potato salad, and then salad or vegetable). Maybe some sweet potato fries or onion rings? 
Regardless. We would definitely come back!This is a simple diner style location. It's self service but the staff often waits on customers anyway. The service is superb and the food is really delicious and affordable. We had enough spaghetti left over for another meal so we'll enjoy it again tomorrow.I like the fact that it's located where it is. More needed in the area in general its a food desert. Had the chicken one day with the veggie and mash. I liked it a lot. Also had the shrimp and it was quite good. Nice addition to the area. Nice home cooled feel.Got takeout from Fiorella's tonight as my youngest was having a fried chicken craving. I'm not a big fried food person but I thought it was good: crispy and not greasy, mildly seasoned and not too salty. The boy, on the other hand, loved his chicken wings. They were larger than most and perfectly cooked. The fries were good. I had the mashed potatoes and they were clearly made from whole potatoes, no potato flakes used here. A good experience from this family run shop, and I'm sure we will be back since they made a fan out of my son.Amazing service, friendly staff, quick, food is great! Live close so we frequently get take out from here and it has yet to let us down!I ordered a New Orleans standby, the muffaletta. More like muffaLOTTA since I could just finish a half sandwich. Good olive salad topping.Thank you for moving into the neighborhood! Great food clean place with incredibly nice people. I'm eating my way through the menu and have yet to find anything that wasn't great. Only wish you had more option to get all white meat chicken.This is just the absolute best. Just like the original in the French Quarter that was sold after Katrina. The breading on all the fried food and the daily specials are magnificent. Totally worth the drive to grab the best fried chicken or fried shrimp/oyster po-boys in the city. I'm so glad they're back!Great food. Fried chicken is very tasty and the price is right.
Some help is needed on the front end , especially during lunch hours. 
Nice neighborhood eatery.They used to be in the French Quarter. They have been in Gentilly for a few years now. I see it as a lunchtime place,they give a generous amount. You order, then take a seat. I had the liver and onions,it was very tender. The Cesar salad was sent back,it tasted sweet and odd. They serve huge onion rings. Once you figure out the menu,its a good neighborhood spot.Yes, it's definitely one of the best fried chickens in New Orleans and NOLA is the best city in the U.S. to get a fried chicken.  I think it's a little greasier than some of my other favorite places but it's pretty darn good.  They use a nice seasoning mix for their batter and although the breast was on the dry side it was fried nicely.
I had a lot of fun here.  I didn't love the sides so I'm not going to give them 5.  Don't add chili flakes to my green beans.  You have 3 kinds of hot sauce for people who want their green beans spicy.  It's not an Italian thing and it makes no sense at all.  I did like the potato salad.  I really want to come back and try some of their daily specials and some of the other sides.  I hope this place lives on for generations.  Stop eating at chain restaurants and support your local businesses!If u like to have a greasy heart attack then u came to a great place. Also the wait took forever, the staff was mediocre. Don't get the "Chicken Cracklin" all it is, is deep fried greased up chicken skin... Huge disappointment.3.5 stars, 4 stars for the generous serving size, but 3 stars for the chicken. Too much salt, I couldn't detect any flavor other than salt in the fried chicken. It's a shame because it was fried well, but both the crust & the chicken were too salty. Even the breast meat was salty. Needed the potato salad to offset the chicken. Thank goodness they refill water in a timely manner.  I was really looking forward to the 2016 & 2017 winner of the fried chicken award, such a letdown. Hopefully, it was just the day I ate the chicken.Has a lot of potential. Food is awesome. Staff leaves much to be desired. Daily drink specials are unbeatable.First of all, I've heard many good things upon visiting this restaurant. Once I ordered, it took about 32 minutes for my 4-piece fried chicken to arrive. The price for the chicken were fair in comparison to other restaurants and my order came out to $12.10. I had high expectations before my first bite, but I was quickly disappointed. The chicken was juicy and crunchy, but the most important thing it was missing was FLAVOR. My chicken literally tasted like burnt flour. There was little to no seasoning on all my pieces.  Hoping it was a fluke on the first piece, I kept eating the rest of the chicken only to keep getting the same results. My fries had more salt and flavor than all of the chicken combined.  The other side I ordered were the turnip greens which were cooked with pork belly and not bad or great. 
Overall, I was thoroughly disappointed.  The interior was a nice quaint sized space along with clean tables and restrooms. In comparison to other chicken places around NOLA this ranks last on my list. I can't say for sure I'll try it again, but hopefully the next time is a better experience.We found some great food in Gentilly! The onion rings are wonderful, fresh homemade onion rings. The meatballs and spaghetti are done just right. Portion size is huge. The fried chicken is great too. It seems to be the favorite... Everyone around us was eating it too! The prices were very reasonable. We will definitely be back to try the other weekly specials.BEST FRIED CHICKEN I HAVE EVER HAD!!! If you're in the New Orleans area, and are craving some good old fashioned Southern fried chicken, I highly recommend this place. It's kind of divey, super casual, and a lot of locals eat here. You'll love it!Had the fried chicken...one simple word. FANTASTIC!! Fiorellas lived up to the recommendation and exceeded them.  On my permanent list to dine when I visit New Orleans.  Enjoyed the potato salad and the vegetable if the day the Creole corn...perfect compliments to the chicken.  Good friendly service.  this is a wonderful establishment!!!Excellent food!!! The fried chicken and roast beef poboy was to die for!! The service was fast and friendlyNeighborhood Gentilly old school restaurant. New Orleans flavor (love it) Best muffuletta ever! Love the atmosphere, food and located close to lakefront arena (UNO) great before basketball games. Def will be backI love fried chicken, so when I heard that this classic place in the heart of Gentilly had won the best chicken for 2 years in a row at the NOLA Chicken Festival, I couldn't wait to try it. 
I decided to go on a Friday...during lunch, so of course they were super busy...crazy busy.  However, with all the chaos my order was absolutely correct and the staff was incredibly polite. 
I ordered 3 pieces of chicken(leg, thigh, breast) and a hamburger po-boy. No sides. 
I was pretty pleased with the po-boy, it had that nice "New Orleans hamburger po-boy" flavor to it. I can't quite describe it, but you just know it when you bite into a sandwich. 
I couldn't wait to try the chicken. It was fresh out of the fryer. I bit into the leg first. It was heaven! All the flavors were there, it was crispy, and juicy. I can see why they won the best fried chicken award. 
I waited to tear into the other 2 pieces for dinner. 
When I bit into the breast, all i saw was pink. I was so disappointed. Got the same with the thigh. The pieces weren't cooked all the way through. Again, I was super disappointed. I was thinking about that chicken all afternoon. I couldn't wait for dinner!! 
I'll more than likely go back, and I'll probably get the chicken again, just maybe not the big pieces. I'll stick with the legs and wings, and a hamburger po-boy, of course.Don't pass up eating at the winner of the 2016 New Orleans Fried Chicken Festival. It's worth the drive from wherever you are!Oh my goodness the fried chicken is delish !!! I ate it before I could get a picture but I'll be back.. was talking to some regulars and their faces lit up while talking about this place and the food!! Kinda like mine right now just writing this review..All I can say is wow, we got to town a little late and were so lucky to miss the lunch crowd this place is famous. 
While ordering, we decided to keep it simple for 1st timers and got fried seafood and chicken but this brother behind us had gotten chicken parmesan and I damn near took a picture of his food as well.
We'll add this to our NOLA rotation.I finally had the chance to stop by for lunch and try the "best chicken in New Orleans!"  The parking was a bit jammed.  As I pulled in, I had to vie for a parking spot with some police, firemen, s&wb, and a construction crew.  I was in line behind one person right before noon.  It went quick, and after posing current photos of the menus, sat at the table and waited with my number.  Everything is cooked fresh.  When the chicken  came out it was piping hot.  My two sides were a house salad and mashed potatoes.  I posted pics of both.  I don't know ‍ which was better-- ok, the blue cheese was better!  The price was probably lower than a fast food place and it was the BEST that I have had in a while.  If they made chicken strips, Cane's would go under overnight!!!  
I really fell in instant love with this place.  The people, the food, the location, the timing.  It was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise drab day!
I mentioned to the cook that they need to rob the mac-n-cheese recipe from Jack Dempsey's.  His reply "I have the recipe, but I can't - I just can't......".  ...as he motioned to the kitchen.This place is amazing! I've visited New Orleans multiple times and every time I'm in town they don't dissapoint! From the Fried Chicken (A must), to the white beans and rice. Everything is simply amazing! I've never had chicken so good and i know fried chicken! Go! Eat! And you will remember this place! And thank you to the lady in front! The staff is great and the combination just has me going back!I USED to be a vegetarian. Then, I ate Fiorella's. The year their location in the quarter was closed was easily the longest period of mourning in my life, and while the drive all the way out there is a little long, the ORIGINAL Fiorella's is the light to my life. The one in the quarter can burn down. Again.
Perfectly crisp, great prices, flavorful and fresh. Call ahead if you're coming from somewhere more than 20 minutes away and it'll be ready when you get there (or so) since it's fried to order.
I love fried chicken and it's my favorite food and I have a lot of opinions on the matter. And my opinion on Fiorella's is that I hope they cater at my funeral.Friendly service and great fried chicken. Only thing missing was the red beans, which were sold out.I had the roast beef on a bun. It was fantastic! Roast beef was sliced very thin and the gravy was delicious. I am usually a debris or shredded beef type of poboy lover because some venues slice their beef too thick. At Fiorella's it's perfect. I also love the fact that their lettuce is shredded but could go a little thinner. Portions are GENEROUS so you're not eating just a bun with lettuce, tomato, etc. Service and courtesy for pick up is exceptional and consistent. Fiorella's has not disappointed in quality with a smile!!!!If you want to get away from the city, this is a cool spot. My girlfriend and I had the shrimp platter and  Steak burger. Food was exceptional, BUT not enough of French bread for the steak.Tried for first time today. Had the Chicken Parmesan.  It was fantastic! GENEROUS portions and the chicken breast was sheer perfection! Little crisp on that first bite and juicy center. Not a taffy-chewing, jaw-aching experience one can get with over dry chicken breast. Pasta was the perfectly al-dente and to top it off, side salad was cold, crisp, and fresh!  Super prices and to top this review off-- this place is classic OLD NEW ORLEANS!!! And to all who don't know what DAT means--welcome to our fair city!!The food was delicious, served hot and fast, no waiting, employees very friendly, the Po boy sandwiches are delicious as wellThis no fuss restaurant serves delicious food at great prices.  Large portions.  Order at the counter and wait to be served at a table or take it to go.  Fried chicken was served hot, well flavored, juicy, and crisp.  Sides of fries and potato salad was good as well but chicken stole the show.  Husband's veal parmesan was great too...especially loved the spaghetti and sauce.  Bread and butter was served but didn't try it.  Few parking right out front but otherwise sweet parking was easy to find.  Casual environment with good service and suitable for kids.  Food 100% lives up to the hype.A little off the beaten path that most tourists travel is a little spot named @theoriginalfiorellascaf that has quietly won the honor of best fried chicken two years in a row (2016 & 2017) at the #nationalfriedchickenfest in New Orleans. If you're looking to avoid the super long lines of some of the better known spots and you're looking for a place that is #bukulocal, come to the Gentilly neighborhood of New Orleans and enjoy that FIYA chicken.I finally had the chance to stop by for lunch and try the "best chicken in New Orleans!"  The parking was a bit jammed.  As I pulled in, I had to vie for a parking spot with some police, firemen, s&wb, and a construction crew.  I was in line behind one person right before noon.  It went quick, and after posing current photos of the menus, sat at the table and waited with my number.  Everything is cooked fresh.  When the chicken  came out it was piping hot.  My two sides were a house salad and mashed potatoes.  I posted pics of both.  I don't know ‍ which was better-- ok, the blue cheese was better!  The price was probably lower than a fast food place and it was the BEST that I have had in a while.  If they made chicken strips, Cane's would go under overnight!!!  
I really fell in instant love with this place.  The people, the food, the location, the timing.  It was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise drab day!
I can't wait for the chance to go for dinner (before 7pm!)  and get a chance to try a burger or possibly "fried oysters". If they are anything like the chicken there is a real treat in store for me!
UGGGGGHHHH!  I can't wait to try oysters!  The breeding is airy and light.  It's like fluffy cotton meets cracklin'.  It has to be awesome!I discovered The Original Fiorellas' through Yelp. Was working construction jobs at both UNO and SUNO Universities, so this place was real easy to get to. Better get there by 11am if you want to get a table. The place fills fast, and with good reason. There's nothing I've ordered from there that hasn't been excellent, and consistently so. All of the staff is super friendly and efficient. Fried Chicken is made to order, so expect at least a 20 minute wait. Well worth it!Naturally New Orleans neighborhood restaurant. Solid fried chicken and poboys. Great budget spot when you want good food that won't break the bank.The best fried chicken in New Orleans. The lunch specials are good also . The service is always nice hereI decided to go here because I heard it was voted best chicken at the fried chicken festival and they did not disappoint. The chicken was well seasoned and steaming hot.Once upon a time there was a good and decent family that owned and operated a local favorite restaurant near the French Market for many, many years, until finally the time came for them to take it easy and they sold the establishment.
But like many people who create something with passion for a living, after a period, they missed it and made a family decision to start all over again, and opened Fiorella's Cafe in the Gentilly neighborhood of the city.
As the old establishment was known for its exemplary take on fried chicken, so is the new eatery, winning the New Orleans Fried Chicken Festival two years in a row.
The simple neighborhood cafe serves all of Southern Louisiana's favorites:  fried seafood, po boys, Italian specialties, along with daily specials.
All dishes are very fairly priced for the neighborhood, not to extract as many tourist dollars as possible.
The food is exemplary. This is possibly the best fried shrimp I've ever had anywhere, crispy fry batter, flavorful Gulf shrimp. The muffaletta is a good one, too many "legendary" places make them in advance, and refrigerate them, and they lose their luster, IMHO.  This sandwich moves into being one of my top two in the city.
The chicken lives up to its rep. Nice crust, perfectly fried, juicy on the inside, not greasy.  Fresh cut fries, done and seasoned perfectly.
Really, I finished this meal and I wanted to tell Chef that his/her food was art.  It exemplifies one of the passions of New Orleans, simple fare, prepared well, with love as one of the ingredients.  It's easy to identify places like this - all the employees are smiling all the time.
I wish the family all the success in the world.  They deserve it.I got the 2PC White and 2 sides. 
The fried chicken is always amazing but the sides disappoint me. The stewed okra was slimy- I guess they don't know about white vinegar and water. And my side salad was okay; just iceberg lettuce (spring mix is always better), tomato sliced, red onion and cucumbers. I asked for my dressing on the side because they will drench it. 
The ambiance is diner style, very clean and the staff is always friendly. 
Parking can be hassle if it's busy.Where is the best fried chicken and wings hidden in the city you ask? It's right here in Gentilly! This place will remind you of an old school mom and pop sandwich shop, and don't get me wrong the po-boys are amazing but the fried chicken is the hidden gem in this place. You will not be disappointed and you'll keep Coming back for more.Imagine a Sunday afternoon  after church.  Mamma in the kitchen frying up some chicken in her cast iron skillet.  Whipping the taters to creamy consistency.    Keep those eyes closed and inhale the memories.    
That is your first bite.    From the moment you come in the front door.  You can smell the home cooking coming from the kitchen.    The green beans cooked and seasoned to a memory from when comfort food was just that.  A Comfort.  Nothing fancy or infused or confused.   This place invokes the memories of childhoods waiting for mamma to holler out the back door "come wash your hands. Dinner is on the table".    The potatoes have never seen the inside of a box they are whipped fresh and flavorful.  And the chicken?  Crispy  and juicy and flavorful from the first bite to the last nibble off the bone.  Because trust me when chicken is this good?  You don't dare leave anything behind.    The entire experience leaves you wishing you were home to unbuckle your belt a notch.  But remember you aren't in your Mamma's kitchen.   Just tasted as if you were.Read great reviews and decided to try. Ordered a 3 piece to go (comes with 2 sides), with fries and a Caesar salad. Large portion size. Chicken was crunchy, seasoned and moist. Takes 20-25 mins to make. I'd say the chicken was on the salty side. Wouldn't eat it everyday but good for a treat and for the price.Visited today wife had the fried chicken and she was pleased I ordered a cheeseburger on French only mustard because of my allergy to mayonnaise it arrived fully dressed I advised the server I ordered only mustard she returned it and immediately was returned so they wiped the mayonnaise off put mustard on it and sent it back to my table upon opening the sandwich I saw what appeared to be a string from a dish towel so they wiped the burger off with a wet dish towel and returned it to me I sent it back and requested a refund which I was given.I will never return there again that was just too nasty and dangerous to my health!One of my favorite food places, yet deducting significant starts because everytime I place a phone order, I end up having to wait on a sometimes 20+ minute line to pick it up with the masses waiting to order while my food gets cold. What's the point of ordering ahead? My reward is that I still have to wait and I always get lukewarm food.
There should be a separate line for people picking up food that's well established, not sporadic.
I live 2 blocks away. Won't come back for a while.I have always loved this place. Today we had Chicken Fettuccine- was absolutely amazing. My fried chicken came out a little under cooked, I told the waiter, he sent the chef. Chef Brennan was awesome. Not only did he comp our whole ticket (unnecessary because the chicken fettuccine was worth the whole ticket) he brought a "to go" box with freshly fried chicken!!! If you have an hour to sit and eat authentic made to order food, you can't miss this place!!!Best fried chicken in town. I go every Wednesday, and I'm slowly working my way thru the rest of the menu.  Can't wait to go back.Okay so the name is kinda misleading since they do have Italian food and desserts but this isn't really an Italian restaurant.
Je ne regret rien.
I made the mistake of ordering the chicken cracklins as an appetizer. Sweet mother of pearl. It's a meal unto itself and honestly, I coulda used some ranch but DAMN they were so good.
Second mistake was ordering the three piece mixed. HUGE pieces of perfectly scalded non-greasy chicken. Amazing is an understatement. 
I've never been to the "New Orleans" restaurant, just this original masterpiece in Gentilly Terrace. And I'll keep coming back to watch the locals come in, chat, and get their food.I been here several time since they've opened and have been impressed with the service every time.  You are greeted with a smile as soon as you walk through the door.  The food is always fresh and well seasoned.  This will definitely stay in my regular lunch rotation.We ordered catfish and the shrimp creole.  This food is made with heart. The staff are very kind and allowed us to keep our bikes inside. They even ran out of the shrimp creole and made it for us anyways. I can tell this is a neighborhood favorite. The catfish is flaky, crispy and delicious. Also we really appreciate the Mexican coca-cola. Thank you!