You want "New Orleans Food" for a great price...gotta make your way out here. Tucked in the East, it's a hidden gem in New Orleans. 
Great service and friendly staff make this places 5 stars. 
Everything I've eaten here has been awesome! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 
I can't comment on their bar or drinks but everything else is top notch.We found this restaurant on Yelp and based on the number of positive reviews, decided to try it. From the outside, it appears small but opens up to a spacious dining room inside. There's a ton of tvs so you won't have to worry about missing the game. 
The food was served hot, utterly delicious and a ton of it. Neither of us could finish our meal because of the insane amount. You won't go away hungry!
The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. We were offered drink refills almost instantly and not just from our waitress; the owner was quick to drop by and check on us when the waitress was busy with another table. 
Overall, I'm highly impressed with this restaurant and wish I lived closer to visit it more often. This place sets the bar high in every way.I've heard great reviews and understand that it's a new location and Essence weekend. However....when a manager says "why didn't they send y'all to the other location, they way bigger with more staff...we just opened"...really. You should never make this statement to a customer.  Then after seating is he says "I'm going to be honest, there are 17 people ahead that haven't been fed so it's going to be a while before you get your food." Perhaps that disclosure should have been provided before we waited then seated.  Not to mention that while we waited there were open tables but they remained uncleaned longer than they should. Especially when there were 4-5 waitress huddle in a corner and the manager looking overwhelmed in front of the customer. Not to mention the loud music that is playing over the crowd of people seated. So we are seated and waiting to place drink order then told they don't have catfish...only trout. Ooooh no....we got up and left.First time visiting here originally from Maryland. I wanted to try the daiquiri unfortunately the waiter told me they weren't ready. So I got a strawberry margarita and sugar on the room I get my drink waiter tells me they are out of sugar. Nextttttt I wanted to try peach Ciroc wings that were on the menu, the waiter proceeds to tell me they do not have them as well as teriyaki. Okayyy so I settled for cognac BBQ I asked for blue cheese which they did not have. I settled with the crawfish fries and oysters which where good. Also the crawfish and shrimp penne had little baby shrimp for salads that appear to have been frozen shrimp. This place has so much potential but poor management and customer service skills are lacking. I came during Essence Festival so you would think they would make sure they had a full stock of supplies. I'm assuming this is black owned. It would've been easier for the waiter to tell me what they did have because it seemed as though they had nothing I wanted.The food was good, the service wasn't so great. It was lunch time and it was two other tables being served but it wasn't busy. We finally received our drinks after fifteen minutes. My food was good no complaints from me but my cousin's food came out cold. Once that was taken care off we had no other complaintsGreat atmosphere! There are huge TVs/projectors on every wall and the Long Island drinks are really strong. I had the fried catfish platter, which was delicious. My bf had the baked fish & pasta, which was a little too spicy, but it was also very good. Our waitress was kind and efficient, and the chef even came to greet patrons at each table to see if we were enjoying our meals. This is a really laid back spot, with great staff, food, and drinks. I'll definitely be going back.Loved this place! Some what of a Limited menu but the chef came around to speak to everyone about their experience and crack a few jokes. Would definitely come back!Visited today on my lunch.  Crawfish Eggrolls we're off the chain!!!!! All of our food was good.  Mr. Bruce, the owner, came over to introduce himself and check on our experience. Small things like that and great food will definitely make us come back. Our server was great. 
Good Job!Been hearing about this place for a while now and dropped in on mother's day. Food was great. Would def stop in again.OMG is all I can say about this restaurant! It's nestled in a strip mall in N.O east amongst beauty salons and mini churches but please do not underestimate this place! We ordered the fried catfish with pasta and huge shrimps on top! Once the food came we were blown away by the presentation (Finally something looks just like the IG photo) lol. The taste was out of this world and obviously fresh. Please place FF&S on your checklist for your next New Orleans visit.The Thai chicken wings and sweet potatoe fries are from heaven. My favorite meal there. The menu is awesome!The food was great..We started with half dozen charbroiled oysters and they didn't disappoint. They were fresh and the garlic butter was on point. We ordered the half of seafood platter and it was more than enough to share between two people. Food is well seasoned and very fresh. The overall atmosphere in the restaurant is very homely and welcoming. The TV's are definitely a nice touch. Perfect place to tailgate. We ordered a Michelle On Fire & a Long Island. They both tasted amazing and were strong but not to the point you couldn't enjoy it. I look forward to trying some of their other dishes on the menu. We need more places like this in New Orleans East. My only issue worth mentioning is the drinks took way too long and the bar was empty.I ordered the shrimp and crawfish pasta with fried Catfish, grilled catfish over penne with spinach and charboiled oysters for my husband which were burnt, to go and came home and couldn't even eat my food. I also ordered a side of mac and cheese for my baby. My fish was still raw inside and the sauce was SCORCHED on both of the pastas and mac and cheese. As soon as I opened the plate I smelled that they burnt the sauce so I'm sure the cook smelled it too. You would think they would've thrown it away instead of serving it to their customers. Black people wonder why their people don't support them. I tried calling to tell them about it but no one picked up. I won't be back waste of $63Our waitress was great. However, she was definitely overworked. It seemed they may have been understaffed. The food was good. We ordered the seafood platter (they ran out of tarter sauce), chicken Alfredo, and fish/crawfish/shrimp pasta. We sent the fish, crawfish, and shrimp pasta back because it was way too salty. Overall, it was okay. The shrimp and fish on the seafood platter was amazing! They also have a security guard who was very Nice and helpful to the staff.The food and service was fantastic. So far this has been my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. My only complaint is that they need real tea. Drinks and food were amazing, I just needed some brewed sweet tea.I went here on a rainy Sunday afternoon. It has the appearance of a sports bar inside and is located in a strip mall. The meal was okay! Large portions. My little one had the kids burger and it was not good at all. It was a greasy square patty. The meat was very mushy. I didn't try to make her eat it once I tasted how nasty it was for myself. My husband had the fish and pasta, it was seasoned okay but he didn't really enjoy it. I tried the shrimp and grits. They were okay, not the best and not the worst that I've had. I did like the sweet chili crawfish rolls. They were spicy but pretty good. Not enough to make me travel the 1.5 hours it takes me to get there!The food and service was great cant wait to come back.  It has adequate parking and the atmosphere was good.  The owner checked in on all customers and had enough TVs to enjoy a sporting eventPassing through we wanted to know a good eating place off of Chef Boulevard. We were referred to fire Food and Spirits. Although we were expecting a light snack it was a very hearty and well seasoned meal. Naturally it was rich with that Cajun style New Orleaneans love!! I ordered the stuff bell pepper which came with a large side of Cajun mac and cheese and sauteed spinach. The Mr ordered shrimp and crawfish egg roll, Yes you heard me, in addition to the garlic oysters. Although the oysters were mad expensive The Taste was well worth it. Very cool Vibe with R&B music playing in the background. Waitress super cool. The actual location was Bullard Avenue and the trip was beyond worth it. *No one could tell me what the stuffed bell pepper had on the inside but I'm placing my money on ground turkey which is even better.The seafood tasted spoiled and the food was too spicy with no flavor. I was truly disappointed by the food. The tastiest things on my plate were the breadsticks. My daughter, however, enjoyed her chicken wings.The food here was very good, I got the crawfish Alfredo pasta. I took some mothers of my family here for Mother's Day, the staff is very friendly and we were seated right away when we stepped in the door. I would have given this place a five star rating but the food was kind of a little to hot. I understand that it's New Orleans and the food is a little hotter then normal but it could be a few notches less. But over all I will be returning and the food/environment was excellent, I even liked how the chef came out and helped us when a server could fulfill an order.The food and service is a 10/10! Coming from Florida this is exactly what I was looking for, authentic food with authentic people.I recently had the great opportunity to visit Fire Food and Spirits. I was truly not disappointed.
Location: This restaurant is located on Bullard Avenue in New Orleans East. In it is in the middle of  commercial development filled with other businesses. It is in the location of the old WOW. The Bigger WOW sign is still up high, but you are definitely in the right location. At this location, you will also find ample parking in the lot.
Atmosphere: The atmosphere is relaxed and cool. It is definitely would be somewhere I would want to watch a sporting event at. Lots of tvs and just cool. This is also a good spot for after work festivities and low-key dates. The staff is truly nice. The wait staff was awesome and so sweet. The chef even came out and talked to us about what our selections and etc. It was very nice. In addition, the chef even walked  me and another lady outside being it was getting dark and fast. I really appreciated that. In addition, the owner even came and talked to us and made sure we tried their famous pie. I really enjoyed. In addition, the music worked for me R&B, Funk, and soul so I was in heaven.
Food: I loved loved loved the food. For appetizers, we went with the Crawfish Quesadillas. It was flavorful and filling. You could easily get full off of the appetizers here. I also had to try the Cognac BBQ Wings, because they just sounded great and I was 100% right. It was so tasty, not too sweet it was just right. I enjoyed those wings 100%.  Also on the menu is peach ciroc wings, that I'm curious about.
Drink: I kept it simple and went with a Rum Punch, which was huge! Not to forget the fact that it was still Happy Hour so they were  2 for 1, in which I spent $7 on two huge drinks. It was very tasty and balanced rum punch that I appreciated. The bartender was cool and very accommodating as well as offering up suggestions. 
I definitely will visit again.This place was awesome! Had the server Alyssa and she was so welcoming and a great worker. The rum punches were deadly and delicious! I had the seafood platter which was hhuugggeer, fried fresh and seasoned so well!! My sister had the pasta which she said was good and my mother.. I forgot. But she liked it! Even had a Wuzzam Supa ( instagram famous) sighting and got to take a picture, since its near her company The Crayon Case! Definitely go here for a non touristy local eats place! Was worth it!This place serves Cajun/creole cuisine. The proportions are a nice size. The atmosphere is nice and chill. Great for watching sports with plenty of tvs throughout the facility.  The only thing I'd recommend is updating the menu. Choices are limited. I'd mainly recommend adding steak to the menu. You cannot get steak here mostly fish.Some of the best wings I've had in a while and certainly the best I've had in New Orleans. I had the Thai Chili with a side of there Hot 3X which the hottest sauce on the menu. It wasn't super hot but was super flavorful. I would recommend to anyone wanting good wings.This place was awesome! There was really good food, and our waitress Stacey was amazing! She was the only server in at the time and she ran the floor effortlessly! I enjoyed her service and the fresh food.Omg!!! This place is a must! The red beans & rice, crawfish fries and rolls are AMAZING!! The drinks are super strong, so be careful!The food is beyond good! Service is great & the atmosphere was laid back. The shrimp & crawfish egg rolls were so good they were gone before I could snap a photo. Cocktails are strong! I had the Michelle Obama & it packed a punch. Super tasty - a creeper. The fire catfish is cooked perfectly. Seasoned just right! This will for sure be a must visit anytime we are in New Orleans. It's quite a ways from the Quarter but worth the Uber.This is pretty much as good as it gets when it comes to a chill spot in the East. The drinks are good and strong. There's a drink that's HUGE and serves about 3-4 people. I don't know the name of it. The food is good and there's plenty to choose from. Bar & grill menu and also a specialty menu. The wings are small.  Crawfish egg rolls were good!
The big screens makes nice for coming to watch sports and drink with friends.The food here is amazing!! We are a family of 5, with 3 kids and they had available sitting for us. Kid friendly environment. We visited a couple of times before. We tried everything from the delicious and well seasoned pasta dishes, wings, crawfish rolls, hamburgers. They have really great alcoholic beverages as well. The customer service is great! I love going to a place where the waitress and hostess are so attentive. I love giving a big tip when big tips a deserved! This my go to restaurant for here on out!They never disappoint!To me, this felt like a local place with not a lot of tourists. It was the best Cajun food we ate in New Orleans! Highly recommended!This was probably one of my worst experiences at a restaurant. For starters the lighting is horrible. It was so dark that I had to use the flashlight on my phone to see the menu. My next issue is that the were out of diet coke and that's what my dad likes to drink. There is a Walgreens across the street so I was just gonna go run over there and get him one. As I was getting in the car security followed me outside & flagged me down. Once I rolled down the window he informed me that outside drinks weren't allowed, guess he overheard our conversation. I weont back inside & asked the waitress to get the manager as surely they would bend the rules since they couldn't accommodate us. The waitress came back and said sorry no outside drinks allowed. The manager never came out to address our concerns. To top it all off the food was less then mediocre. We traveled all the way from the westbank to celebrate my niece's bday. To sum it up, this was my first and last visit.The waitress Torie was excellent for was delicious. Had the bell pepper w/ mac and cheese really good. My husband had the hamburger combo on point. Oh and the chargrilled oyster were cooked to perfection. We will be eating there again.Ok food but poor service. Does not accommodate larger dinner parties and the staff is very under experienced.This place is located in a strip mall but don't let that turn you off. The service was fast. The menu was varied enough so that if you are watching carbs it's great. We ordered a Caesar salad to split but it was so good I wished I had ordered one for each. Then we each got the catfish over spinach which was two huge catfish fillets grilled atop spinach and some boiled shrimp atop the catfish. It was so tasty. It was a lot to eat. My husband got the same thing with a cream sauce. I looked around at other tables and the portions are generous. Very reasonably priced. I will definitely go back to this place. Great food.Came in from Houston & wanted some flavorful food from New Orleans. This is definitely THE PLACE!!! Not only did my my food look like the photos on the menu it taste as GOOD as it looked!I was just looking for a quick bite to eat late on Sunday night, but I was pleasantly surprised this was located conveniently in Nola East (probably the best cuisine in the neighborhood). You'll love every dish from this underrated spot.I wish I could give less we waited over 45 min for food and one plate came out and we had to finally cancel the rest of our order. I'm confused because there were only 6 table there and no one was being served! That was a waste of time! Never again I tell you....I found the crawfish and shrimp egg rolls were too salty for me. The dipping sauce tastes like Popeye's Sweet Heat sauce. The shrimp and crawfish pasta was a bit watery and had very little crawfish. However, the drinks were great!!!! The peach daiquiri was really good!Awesome food, good service. I believe this is the one of the best restaurants in this areaI love this place.. great food stiff drinks and our waitress Charlene Was the best.. I rarely visited the same restaurant twice in a month because we have so many to choose from but this places make me want to visit here weekly.I follow this place on IG and it was on my list to visit the next time I was N.O. OMG... I'm so glad I came. The manager was very attentive, the food was FIRE... the charbroiled oysters were very large and awesome, the fish and pasta fish was AMAZING!!! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be a return customer.Do not come here!!! Horrible service, lights kept going out, and there was hair in my food!! Yuck and the food was way too spicy! Would rate it 0 stars if I could.The food here is absolutely delicious!!! So delicious that it makes you wanna slap your mama !!! The drink "Michelle On Fire" will have you feeling good inside. 
Also, the environment is really relaxing with nice music playing & you can even watch the games. 
I'll definitely be back!Very clean and friendly staff. The food is great with competitive prices. Lots of TV's great for watching sports.Very nice place in a strip mall, the staff is friendly and attentive, the bartender makes a really good strawberry margarita. I order the fish topped with crawfish and shrimp over penne pasta (it comes with two pieces of fish so I got one fried and the other grilled... New Orleans East needs more places like this. You want be disappointed if you decide to take the trip and try them.out..Not thrilled at all...
I ordered a grilled shrimp salad because the picture looked tempting. It had nice looking shrimp & mixed greens but when my salad arrived almost 40 minutes after I ordered it I was very disappointed. Not a GRILLED shrimp on it but those teeny tiny shrimp that were probably boiled on top of iceberg lettuce... Yuck!Tried to support them customer service and the food was horrible and the. Charged my card for the wrong amount as well.1700 Lapalco Blvd. 
My husband and I had to kill some time waiting for our room so we stopped into to this little spot and boy are we glad we did! Kristen and Fred were wonderful! And the food was amazing, the charbroiled oysters w/ the Cajun cream sauce was on point. Give this little place in the West Bank a try, you will be glad you did. Very friendly people and a lot of fun.The food had a lot of flavor and came rather quickly. The only flaw was a lot of crab boil was used in everything. Prices were good and my Patron Margarita was decent enough. It was my birthday and s good experience.This place was pretty awesome!  Was visiting on business and one of the locals recommended Fire Food and Spirits and I'm glad she did. The food portions were large and very very tasty. They have a regular and spicy menu which I loved. Also, they allowed us to get a lunch portion of the meal which was still pretty large.I've been following this restaurants Instagram for a while and it was a must that I ate here when I came to NOLA! I would definitely rate this 10 stars if I could! 
I ordered the crawfish & shrimp fire rolls as an appetizer! And they were amazing! I went on to order the grilled fish over topped with crawfish & shrimp cream sauce over crawfish pasta. D E L I CI O U S!!! The customer service was superb! 
I also had 3 other people in my party, one ordered the same thing I ordered. One ordered the half seafood platter, which consisted of fried crawfish, shrimp, hush puppies, and fries! Everything on that platter was seasoned was seasoned & fried to perfection! One ordered the pasta jambalaya with shrimp, chicken, and sausage. Once again, seasoned to perfection! 
The customer service was also superb! We were able to meet the owner, the manager, and all of the cooks! We praised them on how good the food was and even bought the cooks drinks for after hours! Everything I payed for was well worth it!Came here with friends.  My first visit.  Thoroughly impressed with the food.  Very flavorful and enough for take home. The egg rolls are the bomb. Chef visited our table, which was very nice.  Our waitress was very attentive and kept my glass full.  I pray this local dining spot success for New Orleans East sake.I love that this Place is sort of Ducked off and Hidden. This restaurant was previously a WOW restaurant and definitely was not a place to through your graduation caps in the air about! However, I had heard about this place off of Instagram and of Course my go to friends. I love that it's pretty chilled and laid back atmosphere. Me and my cousin came here on a Saturday (Bayou Classic time ) so by this place being located in the East area (New Orleans East)and  everything was quiet. The Chef and Owner went around to each table to check on us. They made sure everything was okay and even suggested other foods we can try.  I love that there are like five televisions and they are all literally on different stations. I also loved that there was this amazing music station that totally played like every R&B jam from like the early 2000s era. Definitely  a Blast from the Past! 
   Yes!!! i KNO9W WHAT YOU ARE THINKING? What about Happy Hour? Okay, Yes! not only is there a Happy Hour but it's a 2 for 1 Happy Hour! I ordered a Rum Punch and boiii was it nice and Rummy, just the way I love It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So excited about this Place! i WILL BE BACK. I really just loved how they seemed to be caring and they took their time to make sure everything was brought out hot and to the customer liking. The owner even through in a nice, hot, Fresh  piece of Sweet Potato Pie just because of the Thanksgiving Holiday! DEFINITELY GOT MY vOTE AND i WILL BE BACK!The waitress was awesome. The shrimp and crab rolls were good. It had a great spice level too.  Everything else was just too salty. I love salt but even I couldn't take it. I guess the cream sauce is their specialty. It was good but I think they put some water in it to stretch it because it was a little runny.Walked in for 1207 pm. Waitress was very polite. Ordered food almost immediately. At 1245 waitress informs us that she had to resubmit our ticket. This was 30 minutes of us already waiting. At 1257 she says that our food was about to come out. Food made it to the table at 114pm. My pasta was warm... Food wasn't worth an hour of waiting sipping on water... Didn't come to the table and ask if we wanted a drink. Didn't ask if there was anything that could be done to make our experience better.. Nothing... Bad over all!!!I ordered the seafood platter (25.00) which consisted of fried trout, oysters and shrimp. The shrimp which is my favorite were absolutely delicious. The platter could have fed two people.  The staff was very welcoming. 
Their website needs a menu that potential and regular customers can easily access. Once they upload easily accessible menu I will upgrade my rating.Didn't really care for the food. There were a few of us that went & everyone pretty much said the same thing about the food & we all ordered different dishes. Only thing that had a good comment was the lemon pepper wings.Um um um.  I came here today for the first time because of the good reviews and because the food looked good.  I arrived around 4 on a Sunday.  Unfortunately it was a bad experience.  I wanted the stuffed Bell pepper but they were out of that so I said cool let me get the red beans and rice. After waiting 15, 18 minutes for my meal the waitress lets me know that they're out of red beans too.   The waitress ( who was very nice) gave me the menu to pick something else..for the third time!  When she came back I decided to leave and go to NO hamburger and seafood.  I hate when some restaurants start off good and then they start to get comfortable and fall off.  Maybe this was just an isolated incident but it was a bad first impression.  It'll probably be a while before I come back or recommend this place.  And I was bucked up to try the food here too...smhi ABSOLUTELY LOVE this restaurant! I have been coming here for a few months now and every time that I've walked in I'm greeted with a warm welcome from the waitresses, chef, and business owner. I recommend their food to everyone I know, especially if they live in the area.The food and drinks were delicious do yourself a favor and get the Michelle Obama. The wait staff was attentive and friendly. Will be back on my next trip to Nola! We even got free pie from the manger.The food was amazing! We had the shrimp and crawfish voodoo rolls, spinach and artichoke dip, stuffed bell pepper and baked fish w crawfish topping, one word DELIcIOUs! The drinks are definitely premium liquor and I enjoyed the laid back vibe and security presence. Would recommend and will be backTried it and didn't like the food or general atmosphere. The wings were okay, I guess. The food was rather amateurish? Like I can cook a wee bit better. :(Wow! Excellent food with huge portions!
Stacy was a wonderful waitress, very attentive to my wife and me. 
I had Fire Pasta Jambalaya (med spice) and SPICY shrimp and crawfish eggrolls. Ate what I could, doggy bag the rest.Good for a new restaurant, especially a West bank one. Server had to double check some stuff on the menu but everything was good. I would avoid the salsa though. It tasted like it was from a jar. Overall a good experience.If I could give them zero stars I would, horrible customer service and a complete waste of timeMy cousin took me to this place and she didn't let me down at all. I was skeptical of this place because it was so dim when you walk in. I thought this place was just another bar passing off as a restaurant. But the service we received that day was good. The food came out with no delays. My kid who doesn't like fries ate the whole appetizer plate of crawfish fries by herself. I will definitely be eating at this place again.Came here for the 2nd time during Mardi Gras time. I was so impressed during my first visit that I had to bring 2 more people to try it. I ordered the oysters with the crawfish cream sauce. This time, they were full shell pieces. I was only able to eat 2 of the 6. I also ordered the shrimp on bun. I didn't like that the shrimp weren't deveined (I should have asked.. no big deal). I picked through the shrimp and still was able to eat part of my sandwich. And it was good. Lastly, I ordered the wings. They were really good. Everyone with me enjoyed their food. We also ordered daiquiris that were great. I'm going to still visit again. I want to try their pasta next.The food was so bomb I had fried pickles and chicken Alfredo with a Hennessy Margarita!! I was good and full Jessica was our waitress super sweet!This place was awesome!  We ordered the Fish with Shrimp and crawfish, red beans and rice and the shrimp and grits.  We knew we over ordered but we did not care and were so glad we did.  The staff was super nice, overall just a great place.  Would definitely come back, if ever in the area.Great good. Great service. Will be back soon.
Seafood pasta is the best. Recommend this restaurant to everyone l.My experience was honestly terrible. The service was unacceptable as my server was sitting down at a table and only came over a few times. The food wasn't good which was rather disappointing since the presentation was great. I wanted to switch my entree for something else but the chef Accused me of eating half of the entrée that was chosen which I did not. Overall very unprofessional and the food wasn't good.The food is al spicy so it's fit in well with the theme of the menu. The food is always hot and the drinks are nice. The service is ok nothing special. They need to add a little more details to the service and better ambience would serve the restaurant well.The jambalaya pasta is extremely mediocre. Don't waste your time or money! Won't be returning.The waitresses were so nice...We got the honey bbq wings, shrimp and crawfish eggrolls (which were AMAZING), and the half seafood platter. Everything was so good.My friends and I came to this restaurant on Thursday  to have some food and drinks after traveling from Houston to New Orleans. When we initially arrived we were greeted by the hostess who asked how many people was in our party, we responded three. We were then told we could seat ourselves. We proceeded and sat at a table that seated about five or six people (mind you it was not crowded during the time we arrived). A few minutes after we seated ourselves our waitresses came over and greeted us and asked how many people were in out party, we stated again three. The waitress turned to who I assume was the owner (male) and stated "they said they have three is that ok" The owner looked with a very unpleasing face and waived us off. At that point we just took it upon ourselves to move to a smaller table. Afterwards we were given menus and informed everything was on happy hour. After we ordered hour first round of drinks and finished them we proceeded to order a second round, at that time we were informed the drinks we ordered were not on happy hour. We then then asked if we would pay happy hour price being that the drinks were advertised as happy hour. The waitress went and spoke to another owner (female) and then informed us we would have to pay full price. After we finished our food we spoke with the a  owner  (make) ourselves. He proceeded to debate with us about the drinks. It ended with him stating he will pay for the drinks (really he made the waitress pay with her tips). Could we have paid full price for the drinks, sure. But they were not advertised  as such. Moral of the story, customer service is a key component when running any establishment. Overall the waitress was great, the food was decent but the owners attitudes and ability to problem solve were lacking which made the experience a disappointment.Celebrating our 5th anniversary and were given the info of this delicious gem. Amazing service, our server shared with us that she was new. But you couldn't tell by her continued attention to our needs and cordial interaction. We placed our order, and as we waited we admired the restaurant and chatted. When our food arrived, we knew we'd be fat full before long. 
We ordered the pasta grilled fish with shrimp and crawfish, and the beans and rice. We are big foodies and sharing this plate was a great decision. The proportions are accurate, remember were to grown foodies. The sauce is a game changer, each item is independently seasoned and each add a different flavor to this already delicious meal. The beans and rice were season as well a must try. Like we projected we ended the date "FAT FULL". 
As we left we sent our gratitude, appreciation to the chef and owner for a well put together environment, menu, service team and kitchen staff. We shared that we weren't from New Orleans and he asked if we'd tried "smooth" intrigued we both shared that we hadn't he made us promise to try it. We obliged and boy are we glad we did. "Smooth" is a deliciously warmed sweet potato pie. I must explain that this IS NOT your average sweet potato pie. It's the right amount of everything. Did I mention it was warm. It's definitely a must try. 
A+I don't know if tonight was an off night for the chef, but the food was horrible. My hopes were super high and I was totally let down. The only positive was that the waitress kept a smile on her face and was apologetic. Will not return...Nothing but great things to say about this place before I even address the food. I'm giving them 5 out of 5 stars.  Everything about this place was clean with so many tv's I couldn't count them all. It's a casual atmosphere but still classy all the way. 
Everyone there was very hospitable. The staff worked as a team and the chef even came out to ask how we were enjoying our meal. I not once felt rushed and the server gave us time to socialize and enjoy our meal while also stopping by to make sure we were still doing ok without breaking our conversation. 
The mixologist even came by and offered us some cocktail samples and asked for our feedback as he was ready to include them on the menu. 
The menu isn't too busy and it's definitely a great place for groups, families and casual date night. There's everything from salad to wings, and all that good stuff in between. 
I ate the grilled fish with a cream sauce topped with shrimp and crawfish with a side of sautéed spinach, which was also served with a garlic and parmesan breadstick. It was very tasty, full of great creole flavors, and satisfying.For my first time in New Orleans, this was a great first start. A group of friends and I came here because it was recommended to us and said to have had really good food. We had a really big group and I must say our server Emma handled things very well. She was very enthusiastic and got us really excited to be visiting, especially to find out she was actually from our neck of the woods. My absolute favorite part about this place were the voodoo rolls!!! They were so good and so fresh and I really appreciated the spice in the sweet chili sauce that came with it. To follow up with the amazing app, I ordered the creamy crawfish pasta.
The pasta was seasoned very well and good, however I feel like they were a little skimp when it came to the amount of crawfish that was in the pasta, I could maybe count them out myself to be honest if I wanted to, which surprised me being that we were in the Holy Mecca of crawfish lol. I was also slightly disappointed with the fact that I ordered a drink and the bar didn't have any orange juice as a mixer, I feel like that is extremelyyyyyy standard of all bars and could not understand why they didn't have any. The service and food were amazing and I wouldn't take away from that, however the take away from this awesome review is also at the end when everyone paid, we were held hostage in the restaurant because the tickets got mixed up and we were accused of not paying. When they finally realized it was an error on their part they let us go with no apology of holding up our time for maybe 15-20 mins for nothing which is not okay