Atmosphere was nice restaurant seemed clean. We were not greeted as we entered the restaurant. French fries were wonderful but the gumbo that was on the specials board was not so great. Being in New Orleans I expected more.I were here tonight for a dinner and I'm expecting to have a good meals but I don't think so. Food is alright, actually the bun was cold , they didn't toast the bun. The meat is warm and I can say they cooked it already, average for a 9$ burger. They don't even have a plastic glasses for soft drink, I'm okay with the paper cup but we are sitting down and chilling at their restaurant so we expect something nice for us . The bills was 32$ for 2 person and I have no say they don't have a tab to cover it. Well, I don't know about the other people thinking but to us, I have a little disappointed. The restaurant is new and having a great decorating style but they need to focus on foods and quality of serviceMy wife is vegan & I'm a meat lover. But here the problem was solved. 
The Cajun Veggie Burger was a home run for her and I ordered the Smokeshack.
Try the Crispy Onion Tabasco Strings too.
Did I mentioned their own special ketchup?
Try it with the seasoned fries.
All goodCrazy slow service.  Food served cold. See, it IS possible to get a bad meal in the quarter.I don't typically write Yelp reviews, but my experience here with my girlfriend today was bad enough that I felt compelled to.
Let me start by saying that the food here was excellent. That was not the issue. The burgers were very well made, and the fries were awesome! Not much in the way of draft beer selection, but that's okay.
The reason for my one-star rating has everything to do with the service we received today from our server Keenan. My girlfriend and I ordered the Smokehouse and the Flambo burger (which were excellent), and when we asked if the burgers came with fries, Keenan informed us that they did not. He asked if we would like to order fries, and we said yes. So far so good. Keenan did not write any of our order down, it was all done from memory (which is fine, it wasn't a huge order). Very shortly after our two burgers were brought out, Keenan came back to our table to check on us. We told him that we were still waiting on our order of fries (not a big deal at all), and he looked confused. He then remarked "Yeah... that's why I asked if you guys wanted fries when you ordered". Very snarky. I told him that we did order fries, and he stormed off as if we had ruined his whole day. 
Keenan returned just a minute or two later with the fries, which were super hot and freshly made (kudos to whoever made our food). My girlfriend wanted a side of their Creoleaise sauce for the fries, and I asked Keenan if we could get a side of it if at all possible. Keenan glared at me as if I had asked him to go make it fresh from scratch or something... again, he made it seem like I ruined his whole afternoon. He then slyly asked where we were from. My girlfriend and I moved here to New Orleans a year ago, and I politely answered his question and said "We live here". He glares at me and says "No... where are you guys really from?" as if to make a point that we were nothing more than annoying tourists. I answered again and told him that we're originally from New Mexico, but that we've been living here for about a year. He then says "Yeah... don't ever say you're from here" and then quickly answered his cell phone and walked off. I was stunned. 
My girlfriend and I are by no means needy customers. In fact, I make a point not to be. Our order was not complex, and we were not demanding of anything. The restaurant was by no means busy - and even if it was, the service I felt that we received was reprehensible, entirely unprofessional, and especially unwelcoming. It's really too bad, because the food was excellent. Because of our experience with Keenan today, we will definitely not return and would recommend others to stay away as well.Food was ok, but the think burger patty was not seasoned at all.  menu also said seasoned fries, which were seasoned either.  Waiter was very hospitableYeah, don't come here. Slow food, marginal service.  Wait in line somewhere else. This place won't be open for long at this rate.Walking through the French quarter we found this place , we were greeted by  ( drew ) , he took our order of creole chili fries , fish burger and cajun shrimp burger.the food was very very tasty the warm burger bun was very good , i found the food to be very fresh and full of flavor .
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the tea , in New Orleans if i order sweet tea i will expect louisiana traditional sweet tea but that's not what they had .So... this place is so new... I couldn't even find anything on it on Google! They serve burgers and fries and there's on salad on their menu. It's right off Decatur next to Coops and is a good alternative to the other seafood fare around. 
Very cool open air restaurant with awesome exposed brick behind the bar.This place is fairly new. I got the Weat Coast Hot Dog. The bun was great and soft. The food was hot and fresh. My only complaints are that the menu is very limited. They only have burgers and hot dogs. The service was very poor. The lady at the front barley spoke English and what seemed like the owner was not friendly at all.The place was clean n comfortable,  The burgers were good meatwise, however ther Never had any mayonnaise, they had some Awful pinkish sauce or spread that thdy should NOT place on your burger--it should be placed on the side...we asked for regular mayo, they said thdy had None? However the gook thdy spread on uf burger IS Made with Mayo???..The waiter named Michelle was trying TOO hard to be entertaining to both locals n tourist,  it got old REAL fast, annoying..reminded us of some one on Boudbon st outside some di e insisting you come in to the establishment..He WAS pushy insixting you order Achohol beverages-- No one at out table drimks, nod Beer..He was loud n singing (yelling songs) most pdople would JUST tolerate him, the other waiters were fast n efficiency, people who had the other waiter got their cood more wuickly than tjosd of mr.Michelle ,The Management should observe his slowness n forgetfullness . He should IF he remains employed there JUST to seat u n hand you a menu--even that came with an ordeal of Bull Shit from his jerky odd personality self, reminded someone whose previous job was at a stripclub trying to Lure you in.....He made you eat fast, just so you could leave FAST!!  The French Fries WERE over DEEP FRIED n too crunchy..The Open Kitchen is a nice flare yo dining n the chefs were doing a great job getting the food out...see pics of foodWow!  This place was horrible!  As a local, I watched this this location go from an abandoned shop on lower Decatur, to this very trendy looking restaurant. It took several months, but I finally got around to going there (along with my girlfriend and her parents who were visiting from out of town), and what a HUGE disappointment!  It took maybe 10 min. before our waiter (who was doubling as the bartender) took our drink order, another 10 min. for the drinks to be brought to us, and maybe another 10 min. before he brought us a menu.  When we were finally able to order, the order was goofed up.  Roughly another 20 min. passed when our food came, but not all at once.  Half came out, then it took another 5 min. for the other half.  The food was a joke!  Small portions; too small for the prices asked for.  My girlfriend's parents got a hot dog, and the dogs were a joke!  Should have gone to Dat Dog.  I had chicken and waffles, the special for the day, and it was so disgusting I could only handle 2 bites before I had to push it away.  My g/f, who is vegetarian, had their veggie burger, which was a joke!  It looked like white rice with h a few beans, between a bun.  She could only eat a few bites when she also had to stop, cause it was just horrible.  In a foodie city like New Orleans, there's no excuse for this horrible service, and food.  I will be shocked if this place stays open another year.  As a local, I never eat in the Quarter, unless I go to Antoine's, Brennan's, etc.  It's a shame this is what tourist think restaurants in New Orleans are like.Great burgers and great service. The burgers are bigger, juiced up versions of Krystal's (which I consider a definite compliment). Our waiter, Michelle (as in the French version of the traditional male name, Michael) was definitely on the ball. Go in and ask for him next time you're in the Quarter and are hankering for a hamburger. It's one of the best burgers in the FQ now that Buffet's Margaritaville (with its Cheeseburger in Paradise) has closed.Veggie burger = amazing. best i've had in a long time. very unique. order it as-is. 
Toss-up between fries and string onions. Both delicious. 
Good service. Clean restaurant.Love this restaurant! The food is awesome, the location is great, and the atmosphere is super fun. They've recently added a Latin dance night on Wednesdays! I love New Orleans!!This place was awesome! We were planning on going to a place across the street but we're turned away because they had cover even just to eat dinner! We came over and were immediately helped by a very friendly waiter. They had a lot of beer options which is by the case for many French Quarter establishments. The food was amazing! Got the buffalo chicken po boy and it was great! Fries were also really good too! And big portions. Will come back before we leave NOLA.Please go to another spot. Over priced hot dogs with no flavor. Will not com back. But the customer service was great!!!!This restaurant has a great vibe and easy to find location. The veggie burger was delicious, such unique flavor and texture. The French fries and onion strips were good - but huge portions! We also had the shrimp and grits which was just ok. The shrimp had great flavor, but the grits were not warm enough to make them soft. Overall good food and service.Horrible. Wanted to get food to go that was quick. Ordered the seafood gumbo which had way more chicken than seafood and the rice wasn't even fully cooked- it was crunchy. Friend ordered a shrimp poboy and it was soggy and had one tiny slice of pickle on it. And nothing else on it. The service was slow and the bartender/server didn't seem to know how to serve multiple tables. The chefs also didn't seem very interested in the food when I had asked for a recommendation. Do not go here!!!Excellent service and decent burgers made for a great lunch. Our waiter Michelle was great. He'll talk your ear off and gave us fun recommendations for getting off the beaten path. The burgers were decent and we really liked the fries.Delicious made-to-order burgers! I had the Flambo burger which is like a classic American cheese burger. I ordered it to go and it came with fries. It was soooo delicious!!! I was very happy with my order and the entire experience. Definitely recommend the Flambo burger and their French fries. The fries were so crispy and perfect. The service was super friendly and fast for a made-to-order kind of place.Food was terrific. One of the better burgers I have had in a long time. But ordering their standard burger, slaw, and a small drink cost me $20 just for myself. For a casual burger joint I thought this was a bit much.DELICIOUS food and great service !!! Thank you Michelle for a great time and GREAT PICTURES!!! Crispy Onion string are incredibleI really enjoyed the food here. The location is ideal being around the corner from the French Market. My mom had a hot sausage & hamburger sandwich,  that she absolutely LOVED. I had catfish and shrimp that was fried and seasoned well. I had two sauces on my platter and had no idea which one was tartar. The other sauce was remoulade and it  was off-the chain.Our seafood gumbo had no seafood in it. It was relatively late and they had announced they were out of crawfish, but we ordered shrimp tacos (which were meh) so at least they could've added shrimp. Plus the gumbo was waaay to salty. Mediocre food and overpriced. Eat at your own discretion.Was just ambling around the quarter and stepped in for a bite. I sat at the bar and the two bartenders Kennan and Aneil were awesome! Both of them were very friendly. I had a crawfish poboy which was not the best that I had but was decently good. Kennan has good taste in IPAs , so if you are an IPA fan and if you are served by Kennan you are in luck!This place was spectacular....  The best Po' Boy I've had since I've been in NOLA. It came out on a baking sheet and the sandwich covered half of it.  The other half was covered with delicious fries. Great Service too!  Glad I came!Just left there minutes ago, waiter/bartender ignored a friend and I while rambling at bar.  We waited 20 minutes for him to acknowledge us and he refused to.  Not condemning the restaurant, however, beware of the wait staff working at 4p on a Friday.Terrible service. Arrived around 10:30 on a Sunday. 20 minutes after sitting server arrived asked if we wanted food. Was a giant snob. Ordered food. 1 burger and 3 appetizers. 45 minutes later and nothing was delivered. Lady next to us received raw chicken. Let the server know and I heard the server mock the customer to the other server. We asked how long our food would be and all the server said was "it's hard to serve everyone after voodoo fest." Restaurant wasn't even full. Terrible terrible service.Y'all...their veggie burger is AMAZING. They make their own patties and after trying every veggie burger in this city this is by far the best. My partner (who normally eats meat) orders the veggie burger every time we go- it's that awesome. Their onion strings are great too! Would 100% recommend to ANYONE, I swear this is the best veggie burger I have had IN MY LIFE and I have been a vegetarian for 15 years! So in love. Thanks Flambo.Reasonably good burgers for an average price, unlimited drinks, clean place, fast service.We were looking for a place to watch the world series after voodoo fest ended Sunday night. We were lucky to get a spot for our group of 7 and the bartender quickly took our drink order. A few mins later we put in our food order for some burgers and appetizers, nothing too difficult. After 45 mins of no contact with a waiter or the original bartender we were getting a bit upset. The lady at the table next to us received her food after almost an hour wait only to discover her chicken wasn't cooked. We tried to speak with the bartender and all he had to say was they were overwhelmed due to voodoo fest. No attempt at providing quality customer service or address the situation. Needless to say we left hungry and grumpy. Luckily we found Verti Marte and had the most delicious sandwiches!This was a really nice find. So different than company or port St. Peter. We had the smokeshake burger and the double meat, double the heat burger and the 3 napkin dog. All of it was amazing. Cook to order and quick. Price was right on point. Good portions and the staff is super friendly. Can not wait to return. Only worry I have is when everyone else finds out how yummy this place is and how convenient it is!!! See you guys soon!!Great find! I had the fish tacos and bacon fries. My friends had po boys. Excellent food all around. Service was great and atmosphere was nice. I would highly recommend.Now y'all know- it's my sworn duty to keep it 102% with y'all. 
I'm going to start with the negatives.
Prices: I got a burger, a fry, and a drink and paid almost $20.00!!!! Based on the cost of living that's uh a little steep. Plus they don't have a combo with the burgers, everything is bought separately.
Where is the incentives? 
Now the food is good, I love the seasoned fries! The spicy ketchup is perfect and the adult drinks at the bar are on point! 
The staff is friendly and very attentive, learning as they go.
And on Wednesday they host free classes on Casino (A form of Cuban Salsa) starting at 8. That blew my mind. I gave a $5 donation though. Every little bit helps.
Would I say Press Go or Hell No! 
I'll say Press Go, just make sure you have the funds to support. They really should give a discount to students, military, or other gov't service members. Maybe even have discount Burger Days- just to pull more people in ( shrugs ).Amazingly good food. We had the bbq shrimp and grits, and the Creole chili. Amazing both. Also a great place for beers. Keenan provided amazing service as well, with great recommendations.We were looking for something local, but the line was too long, next door and we were drawn in by the good music. Whitney Houston is always one way of drawing me in. They served drinks and different types of burgers. I had the Cajun Chicken and my boyfriend had the shrimp. We shared the Onion strings and we were given an order of fries on the house. The sides were great, the chicken was not very Cajun and the bun could have been bought at Walmart. Everything else was great, especially the 90s music!The best French fries I could find French quarter!!!!! Take my word for it. Also, the electric blue lemonade drink was awesome, ask for nick he was awesome. Would definitely come again & recommend  to anyoneServer said he would remove meal after the meal was put in incorrectly. (I did not ask for meal to be removed I had no problem waiting for correct meal and still paying). He showed me a print out of the meal removed (which I didn't ask to see because, again, I didn't care), and then when I went to pay for the order he had added the meal back on receipt. Just very deceiving. Food was not bad.Great little burger place to relax, nice service (Keenan g) and AMAZING crispy fries! Love the had the breakfast burger and the buffalo chicken P.O.'boy  (the chicken was very thin compared to sandwich ratio but flavored well. They were out of half the menu items tho so they lost a star.Extremely friendly and food was amazing. The waiter Michele was awesome, southern hospitality at its finest.Highly recommend this restaurant. The food is amazing and quick. Ask for Michelle, he gives wonderful service and will even take your family picture!Solid spot to get a good burger, shrimp or catfish. We were having a hard time finding a good spot to eat late on a Sunday night and this spot worked for us for that moment. There's plenty of better passes to get seafood, but it was good and the burgers are excellent.Salad was wilty and just not good! Only bad meal we've had while visiting. . Not a very clean restaurant.What a way to top off our Sunday here in the French Quarter. Since I'm typically the Yelper in our household- hubby was stoked when he found Flambo's on Yelp. The burger & fries menu is what reeled him in.
Great corner location off Decatur & Ursulines. 
We were greeted by the host- who also doubled as our waiter. Wish I knew his name, he was really polite & took care of us.
He did state that we do order food from him (fountain drinks as well). But, any alcoholic drinks- order at the bar.
Before arriving here- I did have my eyes set on the blackened fish salad. But, I changed my mind as soon as I saw the printed menu. 
I know one of the things I've been dying to try while here in New Orleans is some shrimp grits. And Flambo's BBQ shrimp grits doesn't disappoint at all! Now, when you read BBQ- I was thinking of tasting that vinegar, brown sugar... something like a Kansas BBQ taste. Nothing like that from this dish! Lots of flavor from Abita amber garlic butter sauce, & sautéed shrimp tossed in Worcestershire sauce, smokiness from spices... that's it.  Cheese grits. This dish is served w/ fresh slices of French bread. Not toasted.
The fries. Thick cut, not like steak fries. It has the texture that the fries are coated in
potato starch & then fried. Decent sized for the order. There were a few specks of crawfish- my greed was hoping for more crawfish though. Especially if I'm paying $13. Shredded cheddar & jack cheeses. A side of blackened ranch come w/ the fries & ketchup is on every table. But, I chose to douse my fries in hot sauce that I picked up at the kitchen counter.The service here was good but the food leaves a lot to be desired. The burgers are reasonably priced at around $9 but it doesn't come with a side and the burger is TINY. Order 2 if you're hungry because 1 will not satisfy your hunger. The burger was very bland and tasted as if it had no seasoning added to it at all. The only flavor came from this creole mayo stuff they slapped on the bun which didn't taste very good either. We also ordered their tobasco onion strings. You get plenty of those and they were pretty good but nothing spectacular. When I go to a place that specializes in burgers, I expect their supposed specialty to be really good. This place definitely missed the mark.A really delicious old school burger experience! Seasoned fries were perfect! Nice and crispy the way I love em'. My husband had the Flambo burger with cheese fries and I know he enjoyed because he didn't speak to me until he was done! 
Service was also very good. Our server was a really nice guy. He gave us a couple of suggestions were to go eat and hear some Jazz. Staff were all friendly. And the space is very clean as well which is great for me. If you're into burgers and in Nawlins'- it's definitely a stop you should make to grab lunch!Best shrimp Po Boy! We were recommended this place by a local here and it was delicious! The fries that accompany the sandwich are cooked to perfection. They just opened so I wanted to give them a review so everyone else can come here! Totally recommend it!Nice place! Had a party of 6 hungry people and were seated immediately at a clean table. Our server, Brandie, was smiling and friendly. 
We placed our order and our wait for food was average. Since we'd never eaten here before, we didn't know what to expect. Brandie brought out big platters heaped with fries and good sized po' boys that looked delicious. 
Everyone's meal was great! (Roast beef po' boy could use gravy. Not their fault, we forgot to order it with the sandwich). 
Sandwiches, burgers and tacos were all good and portions were substantial. Staff visited the table a few times to see how we were doing. Bathrooms were surprisingly clean for a restaurant in the quarter. 
Bill for 6 of us was only $100, very good prices for this quality and amount of food. 
I had a coupon which they gladly accepted. We will definitely return. Highly recommend.Me and my 2 sons ate there 3 times during our 8 day long vacation in NOLA. That should tell you something, there was a lot of great food around and we are very adventurous and walked all over the city, not only French Quarter. We had 2 different servers, both awesome and they even gave us good advice on what to do in the great city. Also excellent hurricanes.I was first hesitant to go in because of the few reviews BUT I was pleasantly surprised. One of the best burgers I have had in a while. The onion strings and seasoned fries were excellent. The service spectacular- thank you Michel. Definetly coming back. You will not be disappointed!I've had quite a few burgers in my lifetime but I've got to say that this is one of my faves. The burgers are fresh and the service is great. Kudos to these guys and their simply delicious burgers made with love.Came down for the CCC10 & missing some Coops and Mollys, we stumbled across Flambos Burgers & Bar. Lynn, greeted us with the warmest smiling style that you only find down here in NOLA, reminded me why I love this town. It wasn't too busy but the food. Awesome. I had the shrimp burger and my friend has the flambo burger & we ordered cheese fries. So, here is your history lesson, flambeauxs come from Mardi Gras, they carry the gas lights through the parades down here. So the food reflects that., its spicy, along with the culture this place is great. I hope to visit it again.Stopped in here for a bite to eat this past Friday and couldn't have had a better experience! Our waiter was extremely attentive, helpful, and personable. Service was great. I ordered the "Chicagoean" dog, my husband had pork tacos, and we both shared a plate of excellent chili cheese fries. All were very good and hit the spot. We took drinks "for the road" along with the desire to definitely come back the next time we're down in the city (we live on the Northshore). And particularly when we are wanting something different than the usual NOLA fare.We had a great meal and Michelle was our waiter.... He was very fun, took great care of us as well as some terrific pictures! The burgers and cheese fries were delicious and if you're not a burger fan, the chicken sandwich with avocado added was amazing! We will definitely be back! Ask for Michelle!Tourist trap and Bad experience at Flambo Burgers on Decatur. I ordered a simple cheese burger. So I'm setting  there waiting and watching this guy cooking the food. He takes these nice red meat burgers out of the fridge and throws them on a flaming grill thinking ok this is going to good. I keep watching him as he keeps stopping and watching the Saints Game instead of cooking. I keep watching and my burger is cooking to death on the grill all along he keeps pressing on the burger and squeezing all the juice from the burger. He keeps cooking that burger and i'm thinking god I hope he puts the cheese on it and takes it off the grill. No he's watching the saints game instead. then he takes the burger of the grill and throws it on the griddle and starts smashing it again and again and again. I'm thinking what the hell is he doing then he puts a piece of cheese on it assembles the burger throws it in a bag with cold fries throws it on the pick up station. the bartender hands it to me I open the bag pull out the burger and it's cooked dry as a bone. I tell the bartender can you make me another burger and tell the cook not to cook it to death. He said that's the way we make them. So I say ok than I don't want it, give me a refund. He said only the manager can give a refund. Wheres the manager "oh he's not here'' are you kidding me what kind of a place are you running here you can take my money but can't give it back. When do you expect he will be here 3 or 4 o'clock, mined you it 12 noon. I tell him than make me another burger he just ignores me. I thinking this is bad ass customer service. So I decided to leave before I get anymore upset. I'm a local French Quarter resident.Mechelle was our server and was great! Very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Food was amazing we got the bacon, BBQ sauce and blue cheese fries they are a must!! Restaurant is new and very clean. I liked that you could see them cooking the food :) definitely recommend this place!Let me start by saying the food was pretty damn good. The veggie burger was really tasty. The service however left everything to be desired.  It was not busy at all and the minute we walked in, the waiter had a terrible attitude. We were treated horribly. He didn't speak to us. Just stood there impatiently. I had to grab our silverware, salt and pepper, etc. I had to go to him for refills on drinks as well. He spent the entire time on his cell phone behind the bar. I have never been treated like more of an inconvenience in my life. He did not check on us. He did not offer dessert. He did not even speak when he gave us our bill. It's a shame because I would have returned for another meal but will never go back nor recommend this establishment to anyone.I stopped here for a bite after walking through the French Market. It was relatively early so it was not too busy. My husband and I were greeted by a friendly man who showed us to our table. Everything was clean and the open kitchen was a great bonus. We ordered a chicken sandwich and shrimp burger which came with fries. I asked if I could switch my fries for onion straws but was advised they don't do substitutions. Slightly bummed, I returned to my table. But just a few minutes later, the same smiling man brought us a tray of freshly made piping hot onion straws for free! After we demolished these delicious onion straws, our food arrives. I was so impressed! The shrimp burger was freshly made and enormous! It was just what I needed after a night on Bourbon Street. The fries were tasty too. To top it off, the gentleman who seated us, took our order and provided those delightful onion straws was happily singing along to the music playing. He and my husband sang a few bars together and it became yet another wonderful vacation experience I'll never forget. Definitely check this place out! The food is great and the people are even better!Had the Bacon fries and they were amazing. Spicy ketchup and ranch were delightful. Super nice staff and great spot!Ordered the hot roast beef sandwich, food took over 10 minutes to prepare. 
Beef wasn't hot, but cold to the touch. Fries were good though. 
Service and food could be better, definitely understand the 3-Star rating here...My favorite part about this place is the staff. Our waiter was fast, efficient, and just down right honest. I ordered the buffalo chicken po boy (which is huge by the way!) and he told me that it is not what people expect making sure i was okay with how it was made before ordering it. He was nice as can be and overall made the experience for me and my family. Food was delicious too and definitely a good bang for your buck in regards to pricingDon't waste your time, go somewhere else. Service was awful, burger was way undercooked (mooed when I bit into it), and I walked out still hungry after eating a small raw hamburger. $35 would have been totally wasted, but Angie did like the char-grilled oysters.Michele was our waiter and he was very entertaining, engaging and friendly in answering our questions about the menu and things to do! We order the roast beef and crawfish which we really enjoyed. The fries taste the same as Costco fries!Stopped here after having to leave another restaurant for poor service and overall French Quarter dirtiness!   We found Flambo and it was relatively filled with one couple and one other at the bar. I was worried thinking oh no a place everyone avoids. I came in and looked at a menu and the bar tender was super attentive to me which was shocking for the whole time I have been in NOLO. 
We ordered and I am glad we did.  
Cleanliness - 5 stars for the overall cleanliness and the attentive manner the bartender server took when cleaning and making sure no paper was left in the bar. Awesome detail orientation for a bar. 
Food- we ate a crawfish burger and shrimp burger. They both we very good and the fires were included in the price. 
Service- the bar tender was attentive and continued to check on us to make sure our food was good and that we were happy with it.  He made sure we had water as well which is a first in the visit to the FQ. 
Price- 33.00 for the two of us to eat is not bad for dinner and we were both full when leaving so it was well worth it. 
Overall this place is a must to the hungry traveler or the person looking for a quick bite, I read the reviews of negative reviews about the food and want to ask do you realize this is a bar and this bar food not the Creole Queen restaurant.  So I will rate it with five stars because for bar food they hit it out the park and ended it with excellent customer service.  So this is a must for the traveler needing a quick bite or a place to bury in the quietness form the heated bourbon street.Who knew salad at a burger joint would be so good. After a long day and a lot of fried food, I wanted something a little bit healthier but my friends definitely wanted burgers and fries. Fortunately here, both tastes were fulfilled. I ordered a salad with grilled chicken that was fabulous. Take a look at the pic to see what I'm talking about. The spring mix was fresh and crisp. The chicken was succulent and well seasoned without being too salty or over spiced. But the best part, were the crunchy onion straws on top. I must say that everyone at the table was happy with their food but my salad was definitely the star.Smallest portions I've had in NOLA. Not good food either. Gumbo way too salty and thick. Chicken burger a small snack and the cheese fries are made with unmelted cheap cheese. Don't go hereThis was the most friendly restaurant in NOLA! Great service, great food, and great people! 
Definitely stop by for their famous Flambo Burger!If you like lunch meat and craft singles on your poor boy then this is the place. Nice server but that's itBest damn veggie burgers I've had in a while. Who would've thought that a fried white beans and rice patty would send my taste buds into overdrive. The drinks were cheap and strong!
The cooks literally interacted with the diners (it was less than 10 people). 
I felt like I was visiting relatives instead of a restaurant in the quarter.This place was a great pick tonight with all The rain in the city. My kids got the cheese fries and they were out of this world. Crispy-golden and Flambo use real shredded cheese and not cheese out of a can. The burgers tasted like they were made at home with that greasy black skillet.  The burgers were awesome and they pour really heavy when it comes to cocktails. Prepared yourself for a great time with great music and fun people hanging out. This is my 3rd time here and I'll be back again. My kids said the food was #AWESOME.... my kids are very picky!!!
More Fries please!Disappointing service and food for such a great location. The place was empty but it took a very long time for the bartender to come over...they might be understaff. The food was terrible, gumbo was cold, coleslaw was warm  and tasted like something that they left on the counter for two days and the crispy onion tastes like cardboard.Got this as a recommendation from a tour guide in the area and decided to check it out. If you want a good shrimp po boy this is the place to go! They're good is fairly priced for the area and the service was great!Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time or money going to this place. The ONLY good part about this restaurant was our server Michelle. He was the sweetest old man ever. We were visiting NOLA for a bachelorette party and he made her feel special. Took photos of our group, brought her a birthday drink and he even personally paid for her meal. Other than him this place sucks. The other two people working looked and acted like they were on drugs. The kitchen staff look like that as well. It took them 20 minutes to come over and take our order and then after that it took 40+ minutes to get our food. When we got our food every single persons meal was wrong. Not one person got what they ordered. The burgers we ok, the fries were good. The staff minus Michelle was AWFUL. If they keep running their business the way they did last night they are very likely to go out of business in the next couple months. The only reason we didn't get up and walk out was because of how sweet and hard working Michelle was. He was doing EVERYTHING. I even went as far as to write a note to the owners and tell them they were lucky to have Michelle or their restaurant would crumble. The one guy who looked to be the manager and on drugs sat another table and told them that they would have to wait to order because the kitchen was backed up. Rather than going in the back and helping the kitchen get caught up, he went to the bar sat down and had a drink. I don't know how stuff works here in NOLA but when I worked for a restaurant if our kitchen was backed up, the manager was back there helping in every way they could. DO NOT GO unless you want to tell Michelle he's a wonderful man and then leave! I Cannot stree how much you really should not go. Horrible!!!Great burger place, such a wonderful selection. The Decatur Burger was delicious. The service from Kenan was great he helped out family. Great to see a place open at lunch on Christmas Day with spirits too one of the few here in the French Quarters.My wife and I came to New Orleans to celebrate our 1 year anniversary and landed in the Flambo's  lap. From our server...to the chefs then the music helped make this night magical. No nasty French Quarter drunk crowd. Clean, fun and loving environment off Decatur.im having a ton of fun, service , food on blast, im thriving. really my bezt self at this joint. come thru ya!Real good burger joint on the go! Food was on time no long wait and was delicious! I recommend this place if your looking for a good burger place! Stop in!This place is awesome!!! We were not in the mood for the crowd on Bourbon Street but wanted a good meal and drinks. We came across Flambo and had an awesome time! The food was very tasty and the service exceeded our expectation. 
We will definitely be back next time we come to NOLA and will make a point to tell anyone we talk to that plans to go to New Orleans, Flambo is a must!Seriously don't. The service is not great. The drinks are not great. The food is not good. I felt sick after eating a burger here, I would just keep walking if I were you.