My favorite new place especially since football season is approaching, lots of outdoor viewing. It has a great courtyard with tons of photo ops, a private army truck seating area but it is first come first serve, king sized jenga & tic-tac-toe games, cabanas, balcony-seating and beer bar. Inside is air conditioned with a huge colorful bar, cell phone charging station iPhone & yes android they didn't forgot about you LOL!!! Also lots of group table options. Food was exotic & delicious staff was very friendly & attentive 
ohhhhh bonus points well deserved they have a snap chat filter okkkkrrrrr  Enjoy !!!!
FYI.... also have a dog menu for the actually puppies LOL!!! not sure what size dogs are welcome so call and ask for assuranceNew restaurant in the warehouse district- an absolute gem!  Everything we ordered was delicious, and we can't wait to come back.  Jill was a lovely waitress, and I would highly recommend requesting her as a waitress.Our favorite new place which opened just yesterday. The outdoor seating is out of this world. The attention to details from the tables to the chairs the palm trees, overall the atmosphere is just special. 
The food was just amazing. You must go.Chicken Fried Chicken!!!
You want a filling dinner, this is the one!!!  Delicious and full filling, you won't be disappointed!This was my first time at this place. There were 8 of us there celebrating a bday. The food was pretty good and the unlimited mimosas option made it even better. Our server Chris was pretty amazing. He kept checking to make sure we were good on drinks (we were a table full of drinkers) and made sure we enjoyed our food. Def would love to come back when the weather is much better so we can experience the backyard patio area.My new favorite restaurant. Great "flocktail" menu and ample selection of draft beers and wines. Reasonably priced entrees. The Acapulco Chicken sandwich was tender and delicious. My husband got a South of the Border burger and he enjoyed it. The star of the show is the pictured key lime pie. The ambiance is vibrant, colorful, and tastefully curated.If you are looking for a place that is not located near the French Quarters this is the place. They still have the amazing food. One of the best service we received while we visited NOLA. Brian our server was amazing. The food was delicious. I had the Hawaiian steaks so good. This place is a must when you are visiting.The atmosphere and food were amazing. Plus with great company you can't go wrong. I was there for lunch with my sister and her friend and convinced my hubby to return for dinner before he knew I was just there for lunch!! LolBy far the worst service I have received. Ordered Hawaiian Steak Kabobs , veggies weren't even cooked and I had to request the pineapples which also were not cooked. Food and service were both awful .There is something here for everybody. The place is stylish and new. The staff is sweet and helpful. The indoor space is not overcrowded and the outdoor space puts you in the mind of a cool summer dining experience.
All the food is flavorful for everyone's pallet. The burger was juicy. The shrimp a go go was spicy. The fruity waffles were almost dessert like but kind of hard. They were still good just needed to be a little softer. The omelet was good but was more cheesy than anything. The fries are a hit! 
 The blue lightning is not strong. Ask when the bottomless mimosas end. They are so good but for $10 get here early before 3 to get your refill.
It's a chill spot. I would return. They got the stuff to be really great. Just a few tweaks but all in all a good dining experience.Terrible service, we waited for over 10 minutes before any waiter walking by even acknowledged us, then the service continued to be lacking for our whole time. Drinks were decent. Atmosphere is great, but I expected so much more from this place.DO NOT go here if you are looking for good service. Waited one hour to be seated while staring at several empty tables. Spoke with manager. Was told that this is just the way it was. Originally told it would be 30 minutes to be seated. Took one hour. Was here at noon on a Saturday. However, was not that busy.Amazing food at a great price and service was divine. Mimosas started comin and they don't stop comin. Who was hotter: the food or our waiter Chris? (The answer is Chris) (although food temperature was up to par as well)I went yesterday with another adult and a child. I arrived after the other members of my party. When they arrived, no one was at the hostess stand. After waiting a short while, they sat themselves in the back, which has really fun decorations! I arrived about 20 minutes after them. When I arrived, the hostess was on the phone and did not acknowledge me, so I just walked to the back and joined the rest of my group. 
My friend had not been approached by a single server after twenty minutes. She and I went inside to get drinks. Though there were only six other people at the large bar, it took about 10-15 minutes for my order to be filled. The poor bartender was tasked with also running to the kitchen to bring out the take-out orders. While I waited for the drinks, my friend went to the hostess and asked for some menus to be brought out to our table and for a server to come to our table. 
When I finally got our drinks, I went back to our table to find that we still had no menus, so I went back and asked the hostess AGAIN for menus. I explained that we were "miffed" after being ignored for over 20 minutes. She tried to explain that we weren't being helped because we had not waited to be seated by her, but how could we when she was absent? 
After finally getting our menus, we were served by the Manager, who was incredibly polite and very attentive. Unfortunately, my friends son still received the wrong item. We noticed but decided to shrug it off. The Manager noticed this after we had started eating, and was again very apologetic and handled it very well. He brought us the bill promptly. After waiting several minutes, we decided to give one of the servers our bill so we could get leave more quickly. I handed it to her inside, and she walked out, stood next to our table, and said loudly enough to another server that she didn't know what to do with it and she didn't know why I gave it to her. Ugh. 
Overall, this place has great potential, but the service is a freaking disaster. It seems like they desperately need to hire more people. The food and drinks and decor earned two stars, but this place is never going to last if things continue this way.Stopped by between parades on Bacchus Sunday. Great food. Service always willing to help. Olympics weren't on and they changed tvs for us within 10 minutes. (Even though it was just the news til 6pm) Ordered Go Go Bites. No other way of describing other than cheesy, bacon goodness. Froze' is on point. Blue Lightning will definitely get your day going. Thanks Flamingo!Awesome environment and pet friendly. Some much on the menu and everything I've had so far is delicious.Friday night and understaffed!   We waited 20 minutes for a drink at the bar. The bartender was rude to us. And it wasn't even that packed. The bar was not even two people deep. We left disappointed. The name makes it look like a fun place. Do not come here!Food is great!! The drinks are phenomenal!!!
Our server was Destiny and she was fantastic! All the servers were so attentive and made for a great dining experience. Check them! You won't be disappointed!The hype for this place is unforgettable, but the burger was forgettable. When they don't ask how you want it cooked... walk away. 
The club sandwich was pretty and ok, but drinks were weak. I literally left my bright blue, out-the-tap cocktail on the table and walked out. 
The space is cute but get better food and cheaper or better drinks, or Nah. 
The fries are good though!We visited Flamingo A Go Go on August 5th (my mom's 61st birthday). We had a party of 7 +2 little ones. We made reservations at 10 am and they said they could fit us in at one. That was later than we wanted because we had to get on the road to Houston, but we went anyway. Well we arrived on time and after waiting for 30 mins we inquired with the hostess about why we still had a wait, and such a long wait, with reservations. She was the least friendly person there and responded with "we don't make reservations on the weekend". SN business really have to be more careful of who the first point of contac for customers are.. That person should at least be skilled in friendly service and conflict resolution... After waiting longer we asked to speak to the manager who offered a some head nods. 
After we were seated we waited another 20 mins and no server came to even take a drink order, we're talking midday August in new Orleans, I mean can we at least get water people. After I flagged down a waitress and a few mins later a manager (with puppy eyes) we finally got a server who informed us our original server had left for the day... Awesome. 
So we put in food and drink orders at the same time, we were deeply afraid to just order drinks and have to wait more time to place a food order (we were eating mom's birthday cake bc by the time our orders were taken it was a little after 2pm). Once we finally got food it was cold which was weird considering how long it took to get the food. One would assume it was being prepared from scratch. But I will say this, although the food was cold it was still delicious and that's how you know it must be good... Unless we were all just starving haha. 
Anyway for ambiance I'd give it 4 stars it's super cute
For service it gets 1 star. Ive never been treated so poorly at a restaurant. No one even came to play damage control.Great new neighborhood bar and grill. The outdoor patio was great for watching the game. The food was fresh and the service was good. Added bonus they have a dog menu too.The decor here is so fun and the outdoor area is very tropical makes you feel like your not in Nola. The names of the drinks for the most part all start with 'Fla' to go with the name. I had the ahi tuna salad which was good. I tried my sister salmon which was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right. Our server was very friendly and attentive. I would for sure go again but at night to sit outside it's probably even nicer. Totally forgot to take pics of the food though because we were so hungry.!This place was so underwhelming and a big let down. The atmosphere was about the best part.  Started with a drink called flamingo on a wire. Taste wise was really good, but surely lacked alcohol...being a mom of 3 who rarely get out, I needs my liquor!!! For an appetizer we ordered the nac'ho nachos, they were okay. We had to order extra queso bc there was about a tablespoon on the plate. I had the shimp n grits which were not good. The sauce tastes like rotten tomatoes, and the grits were too eich to eat bc of the chunks of cheese that was in it. Any place in NOLA that does not serve fresh gulf shrimp in their dishes is an automatic thumbs down for me. My husband had I think a south if the boarder burger which he siad was horrible. Tbh it didnt look like anything I wouldwant anyways. The kiddo had a shrimp plate which was another let down.....and let's not talk about our server who seemed as if she was completely over working for the day.....overall not feeling this place at all.Absolutely LOVE this place! Awesome set up and environment. Brunch was great, definitely coming here again! Jameson waited on us and was awesome!Great casual atmosphere both inside the restaurant and outside on their whimsical patio. Service was great and our server very attentive. Generous portions and great casual fare.This is my second visit and I can officially add this to my list of go to restaurants/bars! Even though you can get a table I always opt for the bar. Possibly because I like feeling like I'm having a personalized experience or it could be that the bartenders are hella cool. 
 Both times I came across a guy named Randall behind the bar. He was super chill and had great conversation points. Even though I was here with my girlfriend it never felt awkward having him join in on our rants. He was super knowledgeable of the menu and gave damn near perfect food recommendations for both of us. (It's like he see's into your foodie soul). 
The crowd is mixed, more of a younger group towards the weekends. They always have a game on which makes up for the music which is "mehhh" sometimes. All in all it's still a great place that I'll be back to especially with friend who visit and need a break from the traditional southern EVERYTHING.So for starters, the hostess was nice when we walked in. A nice clean environment. Thats a plus for me. I came during brunch on a Sunday. Be mindful in order to sit outside on the patio you must reserve. Walk-ins sit inside. We were walk-ins, that was no biggie for us. I ordered the Lone Star Burger. The burger came with garlic fries which was actually good. They also have different options like fruit and grits. I must say it was good, with a sweet tea. They give us a glass of water to start with also. Our waiter was so friendly Kristopfer! There is a bar to the left hand size when you walk in. I want to experience the atmosphere at night time. We were also told on Thursday night there is a live band here. Got to try that! My first time here I give them 5 stars. My total was about $33 & that was for 2 burgers with 2 drinks. No complaints from me on my first time. Next time I'm going to try the drinks at the bar.Went here after walking around in the area for a bit and saw that the restaurant had great food and decent reviews. Upon arriving we were placed at a table a few feet in front of the door, despite there being open tables farther into the restaurant. My group and I waited about 15 minutes before someone arrived to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered three entree salads which were supposed to come with flatbread. We left the restaurant having forgot that we were supposed to receive the flatbread. Really disappointed in the service here despite the good food.Melva is great! Shrimp and grits and the gogo balls are off the chain! The garlic fries are good, too!Don't eat here for dinner. Beer was warm by the time I got it. Food took forever. Service is sub par for how many people they have walking around.This is a brunch review. 
We love to eat here and have been with our friends and kids many times. 
This visit was for a brunch, we sat it side which is always beautiful. The place is decorated so well. 
The service was amazing from our waitress. She started us with bottomless mimosas; delicious!  
The brunch menu offers lots of varieties. Along with their lunch menu as well. 
Overall the food here is always well made and tasty. And the brunch was no different. 
Flamingo is a fun and a great spot to visit for brunch, lunch and or dinner.Chris, our waiter,  was great! He was knowledgeable of the foods on the menu and kept the mimosas coming!It's very conveniently located, but I can't recommend it. I don't think I've ever been in a restaurant that was so loud before. It's impossible to have a conversation without screaming. The service was mediocre and slow. The food and drinks were alright but not worth the wait. It seems like they buy a lot of their stuff pre-made (I had a Caesar salad and I don't think the dressing was house made). I was disappointed that they didn't have iced coffee, but that's okay. It was very cute inside and I wish I liked it more.I was REALLY excited to finally try this place and I was more disappointed than I wanted to be.  Our server was pretty good at first, but towards the end she was so scattered.  We ordered 3 appetizers that we were all looking forward to, but when our entree's came out she looked so surprised that we never got our appetizers.  She was gone so long that she didn't even know they didn't get to the table.  We all ordered bottomless mimosas and Rose.  It took soooooo long to get a refill we finally asked if we could just get 2 rounds at once.  They were also served in kiddie cups, literally 4 ounce cups.  The place was so understaffed that she had tables scattered around the entire patio.  I think I saw a manager helping, but wouldn't know who the manager was because no one came to introduce him/herself and check on us. We still gave our server 20% tip because we all work in the restaurant industry and know that's what she lives off of, but she could definitively tell we were aggravated.Very disappointing! Made reservations 1 week prior to celebrate my 40th Birthday with five friends. Reservations for 7:30pm on a Saturday evening, seated 25 minutes late with the excuse "it is so busy and we are packed". Finally seated we waited 10 minutes for our waitress, we ordered drinks and again waited. We complained to hostess and were told "it's Saturday night and we have 2 huge wedding party's and the  truck is full of 20pp". We ordered our meal and asked the approximate wait and were told at least 40 minutes and told again "we are slammed."We ordered more drinks and proceeded to wait. The young man, Sean, that brought our food was the only employee to actually apologize for our wait and our waitress' poor attitude. Our food was fabulous, but the staff and management are lacking! If they are so "hella busy" (direct quote from our waitress) they shouldn't offer reservations or maybe patrons when checking in. Don't see this place succeeding if they don't have the right people working or managing this restaurant! Sadly DIDN'T live up the hype. Watered down cocktails, but good food!Meh. Took forever for our waitress to come around but I'm pretty sure that's because nobody ever told her we were seated in her section. The fried havarti planks with balsamic reduction sounded good. In actuality they were oily cheese sticks with balsamic dressing from a bottle. The shrimp flatbread was not crispy, the shrimp was too soft, and there was barely any goat cheese. The only saving grace was the crawfish boil soup and the frosé. Other than that, avoid this place like the plague.Emily- a-go-go gave us a super personalized experience. Food was great, $10 bottomless Mimosas. Wins all around.Very impressed with Flamingo a go-go! The inside is a restaurant/bar and the outside has a very nice courtyard with heaters! I really enjoyed my 2 flocktails and getting to sample some of the drinks before buying is a plus! I got the hibiscus mule and raspberry lime citrus drink! Both were good and the service was great! This will definitely become my new hangout spot!Cool space. Great for groups. Service needs some work. Over priced.
Single diners seem more of a disappointment and hassle. Servers dividing the tables geographically leave only sunny tables available when there are a handful of shaded tables nearby but are "out of service".  This is a large patio not a fine dining restaurant. Service shouldn't be segregated by geography of the "room".
Decent food. Salmon spread equals one giant lump of cream cheese at the bottom of a pile of salmon and onions.  Shrimp A-Go-Go was excellent. 
All in all, no reason to go back even though I'm working around the corner for the next few months.After watching Mardi Gras parades and drinking since 7am, we were famished by 1pm. One of our local friends suggested this place since he lived close by and said that this reincarnation was a welcome force in the area. It's definitely trendy and newer than a lot of the restaurants and bars we've encountered so I was concerned that it was all looks and food would be just okay. Luckily, I was proved wrong!
The onion rings. Do not miss this fabulous appetizer. The onion itself is thick which I'm unaccustomed to. The flaky batter breading is perfect in proportion to the onion. I'm so used to onion slices being skinny and shriveled inside a mass of batter, but these thick onion rings shame all other ones. When you take a bite, the onion stays intact with the bite, every single time! They are not crunchy onions but of course the batter is. I'd like to know how they accomplish this wonderful mystery. 
Red beans and Rice with added Fried Chicken Thigh. It normally comes with fried hush puppy cornbread balls- a pair of them as well as Andouille sausage sliced lengthwise. Of course, I wanted to add fried chicken thigh though. It's your typical good fried chicken which is hard to mess up especially with a chicken thigh. Although mine was slightly overdone with the meat inside, I was able to taste my husband's entree which was the straight fried chicken with puréed potatoes and that chicken thigh was perfect! My red beans and rice entree was really good in itself. I highly recommend it! It's not your traditional taste and preparation but definitely good!
Nachos. They look plain at first, but the spicy chorizo like sausage on top of the cheese definitely hit the spot for our friends. We ordered 2 appetizer plates for our group of 8 but then ordered a second round because we enjoyed them.
Service was pretty good, considering there were so many people there from Mardi Gras. I loved the lively ambiance. The bar was very inviting with a whole wall of daquiris, beers (and wines?) on tap, and pendants from above that looked like glass jelly fish. The patio outside was very open and also inviting with so much color. You could sit in an old military truck or take photos with fake flamingos everywhere. Definitely a fun spot for big groups or small ones or whatever!Service and management is horrible!!!!  Over one hour of waiting for food after being seated. Manger came to apologize after 1.5 hours. Had to leave to catch flights out with out the food just could not take it any longer.  Writing this honest review to warn others and hopefully management and service improves.This is the second time we ordered a Waitr order from them. The first time 20 min went by and they hadn't accepted the offer and it took me another 30 min for them to answer the phone to realize that they didn't log into their waitr app.
Today the same thing happened. 15 min went by and they didn't accept order. So we called. They again hadn't logged in. Then when we got our order it was wrong 
Will not be ordering from them again ... everCool patio, terrible service.  My friend talked to the manager said we'd been waiting for food for over a hour.  He did nothing and my friends left hungry.Stopped in on the way back from a walk down Magazine Street in the Garden District. As others have noted, this isn't really a NOLA place. It's a bar and restaurant with ample indoor and outdoor seating on the edge of the CBD. It has sort of random, eclectic pop culture art on the walls. For instance, one wall had prints of Janis Joplin, Tom Petty and Ray Liotta from Goodfellas (!!!) next to a couple of large, vaguely African-looking masks. I was there with my husband and sat at the bar. He had a breakfast of jerk chicken hash - he liked it fine. I ordered a "patio omelet." It did not list cheese as an ingredient, which I verified with the bartender as I'm dairy-free. Our food took 20 or 25 minutes to arrive, and when it did my omelet was covered with cheese so I sent it back. As Gary enjoyed his breakfast, I waited. And waited. Another 25-30 minutes later, my replacement finally arrived. The bartender seemed like a nice guy, but when the experience is as rough as mine was, there are ways to make the customer feel a little better. Stop by every once in a while to ask how things are going, or if I need anything. Maybe offer a free drink - a mimosa, or a small frozen drink (they have three different machines). Instead, he mostly avoided me. He did ask the manager to approve a discount in the POS system - they gave us 25% off the check. Given my specific experience, this seemed stingy to me. The place was not terribly busy when we got there, but the host / seating process was chaotic and slow. They've got some serious kinks to work out.We visited this spot during our visit at Essence Fest. OMG....I can't to go back.  
Lindsay our server was awesome!!!
Shrimp Po Boy, Frose' And Gouda Cheese Planks....divine!We loved this place.  Food was fantastic. Service was friendly.  The outside patio has a great fun atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable.  Clientele was mostly friendly visitors.Very nice place to hang out with friends for family where there is a large seating area inside and outside. They have a fairly large menu with many items to choose from such as burgers, poultry, fish and many other sides. I have only been here once and have ordered the Jerk burger since I was having a couple of beers with friends. I would honestly say my burger was a bit under seasoned and tasted like a regular burger with no special flavoring. The portion came to be pretty filling overall. Others ordered the chicken fried chicken which they say is one of the best on the menu and was definitely more than the burger plate. The outside seating area also has a projector screen where they sometimes play movies for entertainment at night. The overall experience was nice and seemed to be steady with customers throughout the night. I would come back to have a couple of drinks and try different items on the menu.This place is an actual joke: the drinks are Splenda-filled and disgusting. The staff is kind, but this feels more like some place that belongs in Bakersfield, CA, not New Orleans, LA.Flamingo A-Go-Go is a fun spot to enjoy some good eats and drinks with friends in a laid-back atmosphere with positive vibes and colorful decor. While visiting New Orleans on a work trip I walked past this place one night and decided I must come back with friends. I did and wasn't disappointed. The food was delicious! The fruity drinks were a little sweeter than I expected but overall it was a good experience. Ordering the red beans and rice with smoked sausage and corn hush puppies was a good life decision. The outdoor patio is a flockin' cool place to chill with your friends. They also have a phone charging station inside.I just ate here for the third time. I usually don't go out of my way to write a review when I have a problem but this needed to be addressed. The first two times I visited was overall a great experience with great food. Tonight, for my third visit was the polar opposite. Initially I called ahead and asked the hostess if I could reserve a table outside and she assured me that they weren't busy and that we didn't need to reserve. When I arrived and asked for a table for 2 outside, the hostesses couldn't give me an answer if they had anything available for outside. After 5 minutes I told the hostess that if it was an issue, we wouldn't mind dinning inside. She immediately (still without saying anything) brought us to an inside table. We had no problem with this, but when we glanced out of the window there were multiple tables open. Next our waiter comes to our table and asks us our drink order. I tell her I want a glass of prosecco and water. She asks for my ID, that I had to problem with showing because I am 24 but I do look young. As soon as I handed her my ID she stared at it for 30 seconds and said she had to bring my ID to the bar, and told me that the bar had to check the ID. I have been here multiple other times and never did they have to bring my ID to the bar. It took her legitimately 15 minutes to have my ID checked and she didn't even come back with the drink I ordered. I was embarrassed, I understand policy very well, but I do know that it does not take 15 minutes to check an ID. This waitress made me feel extremely uncomfortable as if I was trying to show her a fake ID. My boyfriend, also of age ordered a glass as well and he left his wallet in his truck. He said he had no problem running to go get it and she immediately snapped at him and said go get it in a rude tone. He went and got his ID and she literally looked at it in front of us and didn't bring it to the bartender. She gave it right back to him. This seriously irked me. This waitress literally took over 15 minutes to get my ID checked by the bartender because "she had to." We ordered our food and she read our correct orders back to us. I ordered the "chicken fried chicken" and i subbed out the corn maque choux for French fried and the chicken already came with mashed potatoes. When I received my dinner from the food runner, instead of mashed potatoes I had collard greens. My boyfriend ordered the same thing and received mashed potatoes. Very confused why I was given collard greens (which I do not like). That side was not listed on the menu as the side that comes with the chicken. I was waiting for our waitress to come back so I could get my correct side, and she was no where to be found. We literally didn't see her anywhere. About 20 minutes later another worker walks up and puts our check on the table. This infuriated me, my order was wrong and I wanted to get dessert and another drink. I was not ready for the check. We look around and we see our waitress sitting at a table in the back. Literally SITTING AT A TABLE. She never came back to our table after we ordered our food. This was absolutely frustrating. I understand that some people have bad days, or their tired. But this, was unacceptable. Our entire dining experience from start to finish was uncomfortable.Setting: This place is really cute with a vibrant background and chill set up with an outside part and inside. It was very colorful. Instagram worthy things.
Staff were very friendly and attentive. 
Drinks: I got the hibiscus mule which was refreshing and pleasing to the taste buds. All the other drinks were good as well. Come here for happy hours from 4-7pm on weekday. It's fun to come with your girlfriends
Food: This is where the ratings were deducted from. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It's kinda hard to mess this up, but they did. Just literally a waffle and one measly chicken on top. Nothing else. Nothing fabulous. Very mediocre. My friends ordered other various food items and it was also very mediocre.
Bottomless, come here for drinks AT HAPPY HOURS but don't expect no good food. You will surely be disappointed.This place seems very aimed towards tourists which is okay but just not a great place where a local wants to go. The drinks are pretty good and the appetizers were good so I was hopeful. The main course though was not so good. My partner got a burger which wasn't cooked to order, bun was covered in oil and was meh. I got the shrimp and grits. The shrimp looked undercooked so I didn't touch them. The grits were not gritty...I know that sounds weird but they were like whipped potatoes. I was expecting something along the lines of Zea's or Crepe Nanou cheese grits which are awesome. The service was great. We just won't be back.Really enjoyed my Chicken fried chicken, bottomless mimosas (for $10! Great deal.), and when my friend had a problem it was addressed immediately and effectively.
Plus, our server Emily was eeeeexcellent. I will be back.We came here for my friends birthday and the shrimp appetizer that i ordered was amazing! The manager, i want to say his name was William, visited our table frequently and was awesome! He even brought my friend a free drink and dessert for her 21st. While everything was great, i would not recommend going with a large group if you're paying separate because they will not split the checks for you. We were given one large check and found it difficult to split up what everyone was paying for and figure out how to pay with so many forms of payment. It would have been different if the server would have let us know before we started ordering but unfortunately that was not the case. The food was great, just wish we could've gotten a warning about payments.Best ambiance ever. This place is a must-go-to. Didn't have food to add to the review, sure it was good! Only came here for their drinks. Had the frośe, backwasher, streetcar and another great tasting drink. The bartender was nice. I loved the consistency of their brand throughout the place. Near NOLA art district. I can't forget their outdoor spot.Fun atmosphere. Great food! Staff is super friendly and helpful. Great courtyard. New favorite place!Flamingo a NO NO! I have been anticipating the opening of this establishment for a while now as it is in my neighborhood.  I was extremely dissapointed with my experience.  Service was a joke.  When server went MIA, my friend and I went to the bar to order our drinks.  The bartender apologized for the situation and said he would notify waiter.  Waiter then said she would comp drinks.  When drinks were on the receipt, I mentioned she had comped them and she acted like she didn't know what I was talking about.  She got the manager, who then (firmly) stated we would have to pay for them.  Not to mention this waiter spilt a whole round (8) drinks on me and ruined my boots (these should have been comped as well).  Not to mention there were only 2 other occupied tables outside. The food was also delievered out of order.  They brought one of my friend's entrees.  Then 3 other entrees 10 minutes later.  Then 2 appetizers, etc. Could not wait to leave.  Will never go back and suggest you do the same.Had lunch at Flamingo A Go Go today with 7 other good friends here for the Sugar Bowl! The menu offered great choices & the food was very good! Our server Desiree was awesome! Great drinks and lots of large tv's to watch football! Highly recommend this place!Either I was really hungry or the food was really good because I cleaned my plate. I got the chicken fried chicken it was good. One thing I must say is that the customer service here is excellent. My friends and I sat outside to eat and literally every person who worked there who passed us by greeted us, they asked how we were doing, how was the food, did we need anything? We went during brunch time so 10 dollar mimosas and sparking rośe it was. The waiter kept us filled up.Went to Sunday brunch and a birthday celebration. Made the reservations thru Open Table and apparently the staff did not take the time to read the special requests. (No one ever mentioned the fact that we were there for a birthday celebration even tho we were opening gifts) After explaining to the rude hostess that we needed to be somewhere where a stroller would fit ( and yes, the babies would be in the stroller) it took 15minutes for us to be greeted by a waiter and get water. I will say that once our food order was finally taken, the dishes arrived fairly quickly and for the most part was good, however, the rudeness from the very beginning will keep me from returning. My husband also just reminded me that he found a long blonde hair wrapped around the garnishment in his Bloody Mary.We popped by this place for lunch before exploring the WWII museum, mostly cos I loved how colourful the place looked! The food here is good, nothing spectacular, just good. I got a salad, the asparagus one, with the dressing on the side as I like to control how much dressing goes on. The addition of mint within the salad made it surprisingly good and different from your usual salad. The bf got a cheeseburger. It came with garlic fries which I think were the star of our meal. Those were really good! Overall, it was a good pit stop for lunch on the way to the WWII museum (the museum is highly recommended!) but it didn't wow me.Flamingo A-go-go gets everything right.  I live in New Orleans and make sure to bring every visitor I have here. I also make certain to get other locals to come here.  The food is fantastic, the service is wonderful, the drinks are heavenly and the courtyard is downright magical.  I absolutely recommend this establishment every chance I get.Such a super cute restaurant! I loved the Instagramable ambiance. But we're here to talk about my dining experience, right?
We stopped by on a Saturday evening around 7:00-ish. There was a good crowd but we were seated immediately. Actually, we were seated in the dining area but discovered the very fun patio so we went out there instead. 
Our choice of Flocktails included the Streetcar (me), made with Maker's Mark bourbon, apricot brandy, tepache liqueur, and lemon juice. Very good! My friend got the Blue Lightning, a big fishbowl drink made with Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum, pineapple juice, & blue curacao. This was only $7! I tried some of hers (okay, a lot of hers) and it was tasty.
For dinner, I stuck with a Caesar salad with grilled salmon. It was good...your run-of-the-mill salad. I also stole a few shrimp from my friend's Fried Shrimp entree...I could tell the shrimp were fresh. Yum! 
I'd definitely pay another visit whenever I'm in the Big Easy, even if it was just to do it for the 'gram.
Oh, and shout out to the staff there. Everyone was so incredibly friendly! I'd forgotten my phone when we moved from the inside to the outside and they quickly put it in the office for safe keeping. Plus, we had several staff members check on us to make sure we were okay.Celebrated my grandson's 9th birthday here. Food was mediocre. I had the fish with dirty rice. Will give it another shot.Looking for a place to stop and rest with my dog and they bring me me out a doggie menu.The hostess was energetic and greeted us immediately. She took us inside to be seated. We ordered onion rings as an appetizer, but the server forgot to put the order in so we never received them. Our food was good, but would have been better if it had not been under the heat lamp so long. The plates and knives were so hot from sitting under the heat lamp that you could barely touch them. We did all enjoy the garlic fries. The portions were very fair for the money. The service was pretty bad though. We struggled to get drink refills. A server (possibly from another section) stopped by to refill waters a few times and told us he would get our server for us. The busboy that came by to clear our dishes set the service bin on our table to clear the dishes (yuck!). I will say that I don't think this was an establishment problem; I think we just got unlucky with this particular server. I would try this restaurant again because I think we would have had a better experience with a better server.Worse crab claw appetizer n hamburger was a hockey puck
Terrible food
Great service
Reviews obviously not legit
Terrible overall foodThe atmosphere is great! Its in a great locations and the placed inside and outside is nice. The problem comes with management or the lack there of. I have given this place 3 different tries and every time I have been disappointed. With all the staff they have, everyone just seems to stand around not doing anything. Every time i have been, a salad is the last entree to arrive... always after everyone has finished their entree. Any yes, the salad issue has happened all three times  
I have done catering, waited tables and bartended for many years and I know things happen behind the scenes. Mistakes happen. But to have given this place 3 different trials to see if it was just that one experience, every time I have left in shock that this place is still open. 
The food is decent but not that good for the wait staff to be slacking this bad. My opinion; they need a manager present at ALL times. I have never in my life seen so many people standing around. Waters were empty, plates were done and it remained like that for quite some time.Fun and delicious! 
I came here with a couple friends. We chose to sit outside which was an excellent choice. I recognized the location as it was a different restaurant before, and I like what they've done with it. The flamingo theme is cute but not too girly. There's a projector outside that shows on the tall brick wall of the building next door. Outside (and inside) there was plenty of seating and a bar. There were about four parties of 6-12 people seated outside and there was still plenty of room. It got a little chilly as the night went on, so an employee turned a couple of the heating stands they had throughout the patio area. They did just the trick and kept it comfortable. 
Parking: there's a public lot across the street you can pay to park in or you can find a street spot. 
The food was yummy! I got a burger and fries. My burger was cooked as I ordered and the flavors were great. The fries were so delicious. The had a garlic Parmesan coating, no need for dipping sauce. My friends got a drink that came in a fun tiki glass. While I can't remember the name of the drink, I do remember it was very good! One friend got just an appetizer. I think it was called Shrimp A-Go-Go. So good! My other friend got a chicken dinner plate. There were so many different things like rice and greens and corn, etc. She definitely took some home!
Our waitress was very nice, prompt, and easy going. She didn't rush us to leave even after we'd paid and more people were coming in. 
I'd recommend this place for anyone, especially larger groups, looking to relax and go a place where everyone can find something they like. Great for food and drinks!We stumbled upon Flamingo A-Go-Go after the WWII museum. What an awesome casual and fun place! Great atmosphere and super friendly staff. Orionne and Antonio were incredible and really attentive! Poke and drinks perfect!I should give it 1 star.
We were greeted by our "server" lexis or Alexis whatever her name was. She was rude from the jump. When my friends asked to add something to our order, she almost immediately was in defense mode. If you hate your job don't work here.Fabulous Alex was our waitress yesterday was great and helpful going back for superbowlInteresting with potential to be better.  New place but run by a restaurant group so should be ready to impress out of the gate.  I ordered the lemon chicken rotini.  Excellent flavor medley.  Not enough chicken and the naan bread included was stale.  Naan bread had grill marks but cooler than room temp and not fresh   Kinda liked they grilled a bunch of it and then set it aside, this morning.   I don't really care about the bread and if they added a bit more chicken, I would order again.  
Atmosphere:  seems they are going for a Bourbon Street bar vibe with food but the menu indicates they want to be a restaurant.  
Prices are reasonable but found waitress most excited about the most expensive items on the menu.  Ugh.Fun atmosphere!! Great outdoor dining! Prices are reasonable and food was great!!! The Havarti cheese planks and Hawaiian steak was great!!!Nice people and a great location - but the biggest problem with this restaurant is the food. Too much of a reliance on fried food and bland offerings. 
Here is what they should do to kick up their menu: (1) improve the things that are already ok. The Caesar Salad is fine, but add homemade croutons or parmesan chips. Something special. (2) Add items that can be made with fresh and locally sourced items. A spicy shrimp boil would be a great addition, as would fresh pie or desserts from an innovative vendor.
If they continue with the mediocre offerings, I foresee a vacant restaurant space in the very near future.This place was really good and their happy hour was really recent. I tried their  Bushwhacker drink from their flocktails menu and it was delicious! I loved the chocolate and just letting you know, it's frozen. For appetizers wee had their Shrimp a-go-go and it was probably my favorite food that night. Super flavorful and filling.
For food, my friend and I each ordered a poboy. I tried the shrimp one while my friend got the bbq pork. I thought the shrimp one was okay, it filled me up in two bites with all the carbs and bread. My friend seemed to enjoy the pork one a bit more. Next time I would try something else but definitely loved the shrimp a go go.
Our server lee was really nice and friendly,  super prompt and fun. She recommended the drinks and She was definitely on point! 
Definitely looking forward to my next trip here in the future and I recommende the shrimp a go go!I came here to do recon for potential venue sites for our work parties of about 150-200 ppl. I called early afternoon and spoke to an event manager, Ashley, to let her know I'd come by in the evening for Happy Hour (ends at 7) to check it out and get some details on renting out the space for next year. I think the overall space is great because of the huge outdoor entertaining space and large indoor seating area, but I think perhaps they are still working out some kinks since they just opened.
Service is friendly, and multiple team members greeted us and checked in to see how things were going. However, I arrived around 6:30 pm and informed the bartender I was looking for Ashley, then informed our server and then asked another staff member, and then was informed that she had already left for the evening by 7:45 when I asked our server again. Frustrating, because that was the whole point of my visit. I did get to speak to the general manager and while they had not worked out the details of event planning yet, he gave me the contact for Creole Cuisine, the parent company that manages the restaurant. 
We proceeded to order mainly appetizers and drinks to sample the menu, and one entree. There seems like there is a lack of cohesiveness to the theme- none of us could figure out if they were going for a Carribean twist or what the menu was trying to say about the place. I will say the Jamaican Jerk burger was delicious as were the fries! However, the other appetizers were average. We ordered the marinated crab claws, which were very disappointing. They tasted like a slimy Italian dressing was poured over them. We didn't finish them. The nachos were pretty basic and tasted ok also largely unfinished. We also ordered the very delicious sounding fried havarti cheese planks with a fig-balsamic reduction, but they accidentally brought us the garlic parmesan chicken bites, which were basically chicken nuggets with a bit of flair. That dish was taken away and finally replaced with three cheese planks with thick heavy breading on it and was just ok, but the fig-balsamic dipping sauce was pretty good. 
As far as drinks went, I ordered the "Super good advice", which also sounded much more delicious than it's delivery. I love a sweet/spicy combo to a cocktail and this was supposed to be a pineapple habanero mix, but had a very strong cough syrupy taste and a hint of spicy finish. I love spicy and there was very little kick to this. My friend ordered the Prickly Pear which was cactus juice, tequila, agave and ginger beer and was much better. Probably my favorite part was the menu description declaring, "You'll love this little prick!" Can they say that?? But I think it's awesome they did. Lol. I then ordered the Flamingo on a Wire, which was an elsweflower, blood orange blueberry mixture, but it was more bitter than anything, as in too much citrus zest, and both drinks went unfinished by anyone at our table, so we switched to beer instead. To her credit, the server did offer to replace my first drink since she saw it sitting there full and untouched.
I wanted to love this place and I still recommended it to our social committee as a potential venue for parties bc it's actually a great indoor-outdoor space. The courtyard has lots of brightly colored umbrellas, string lights and tables, there is an old military truck converted into a small decked area with a couple of tables. They have a movie/TV projector that can play on the large brick wall opposite... I think they did a great job with the outside. Inside has lots of space, but it's kind of harsh, bright lighting for a bar feel, and the decor is a mix of vintage posters, flat screen TVs, bright colors and abstract portraits, but a beautiful Beck Fos Flamingo mural adorns one wall. Again, all over the place and a bit confusing without an overall theme. Behind the bar is a wall of what looks like daiquiri dispensers serving beer, wine & "flocktails" which is cute. 
Overall, great space, but they are still working out some kinks, as to be expected as they have been open just a few days. I think the appetizers really need some work to be great, but the one entree we had was actually quite good. I will be back with the hopes that the food will improve and this will become a go to hangout spot.The menu was wonderful but even more so our waitress Desiree was a delight (coming from a waitress for 3 Years)! The hibiscus mule is a must. Came with a party of eight and it was so easy to get the right accommodationsSuch a fun atmosphere!  My hubby and I were looking for a patio in NOLA and struggled to find one until we found this place.  The drinks are awesome and reasonably priced.  Great hang out spot!First time here and let me tell you this. My wife and I loved everything, everything about this place especially our waiters. The customer service was amazing to say the least. Ask for Desiree she is five stars.