Just spent 10 minutes sitting at the bar waiting to be acknowledged. 4 bar tenders, bar half full and felt like we were invisible. Finally just walked out.  This is totally unacceptable for a 5 star hotel.I've been coming here with my family over the last few years.  I was completely disappointed today would be an understatement.. Terrible service and the food quality is not the same.  It's completely unacceptable for a 5 star hotel is to say the least.Seemed like a decent place with mixed reviews. 
I sit at bar, bartender apologizes for the wait which was nice because I was waiting only 5mins and having worked in the biz that's not too bad when you're busy. 
I order the scallops. Bartender comes back 15 mins later and apologized for the wait and that it was going to be a bit longer, per the kitchen. No problem.
Then I get, sorry kitchen says they're out of scallops 5 mins later...now I'm stuck because it's getting late and places are closing soon. Decided to leave because what else are they going to say they're out of and I'm annoyed . 
Folks it's called 86. 86 the scallops and tell the bartender. I'm here for work with 5 staff for the next year and will never be back here to eat. 
Bartender 4 stars, everything else 2.Bf and I decided to come here for fancy Christmas dinner in between going to some friends' for a quiet dinner. I absolutely love this hotel during the holidays. The lights that are set up in the lobby are quite stunning and really get you in the holiday spirit. 
The meal itself for the holiday was from a set menu with choices of soup (turtle vs butternut squash), salad (beet or some sore of iceberg lettuce), mains (rack of lamb, snapper, or something I don't remember), and dessert (chocolate mousse or cheesecake) for $80 per person. On a normal basis, I would absolutely not want to pay that much for a meal, but we got some money as a gift and decided to spurge. All of the food was delicious except for the crab served on top of the snapper (tasted fishy, like it had been left out). 
Something that irked me: they asked us to move our reservation up by 15 minutes, so we did. Then they sat us more than 20 minutes late. To be fair, things in New Orleans rarely run on time. However, we were on time - so I feel like they should have either at least acknowledged that or comped drinks. 
Hints: there's usually free parking on the street in the nearby area. The 2 hour pay to park spots are free after 6pm. The bar was very accommodating and can make things off menu. Ex - they kindly served me a quite strong brandy milk punch. I still think Dante's Kitchen has the best one in the city, but this was a close second.This restaurant doesn't deserve 1 star but that's lowest you can rate. We felt un welcomed when we are staying at the hotel and were never offered to order food our server tried taking away the menu after we ordered appetizers. We spent over $100 on ok'ish food put on a fancy tray. Our server was MIA and another server had to help us when the place was not busy. New Orleans has amazing food and people but you will not find that here.Stopped in for some after dinner drinks and dessert. 
French 75 was one of the best in the city. 
The Creme Brûlée was very good with a twist. I'll let you experience it for yourself. 
But and that's a big BUT. The warm brownie with the amaretto ice cream is worth killing your best friend for. 
Lindsey provided great service and conversation.My husband and I came for a pre-theatre dinner before a show at the Saenger and were very impressed.  
The staff was attentive and friendly and made sure we had time for 3 full courses and coffee before we had to go.
The new menu covers a wide variety, from standbys like burgers, chicken to foie gras and rabbit.  Overall quality was high, and the breadth of the wines by the glass list was impressive.
Our favorites: house recipe oysters chargrilled in butter, seared foie gras with candied fennel was an amazing pairing (only wish it was bigger) and the crab and wild mushroom tagliatelle with truffles was divine. Chocolate creme brulee with graham and marshmallow stood out as a light and deconstructed smore. Overall - delightful.A crowded Saturday night at the height of the holiday season, we entered the new(ish) Fountain Lounge. Why? we talked into the Sazarac bar and the crowd was the Tales of the Toddy diaspora. 
It feels like most hotel bars: plush, inviting seating, wait staff that speaks to you in hushed and pleasant tones and exorbitant prices. My paltry pour of single malt was $18. I do mean paltry. Miserly, really. 
i would like to head back when there's live music - seems like a lovely place to take a break with a simple martini.The Brussels sprouts are worth every bite! Those get 5 stars.... Breakfast seems to be challenging for them but I will say the manager did make great efforts to make sure we left satisfied.I called on Saturday to make a reservation for three people on today (Sunday). The person who I spoke to asked me for my name, number of people and what time, I told him for three individuals, on Sunday for 12:00. Well, comes Sunday we are running a few minutes late behind so I decided to give them a courtesy call and let them know... WELL, whoever I spoke to was an arrogant SOB, he told me that my reservation had never been written down, he wasn't apologetic and pretty much told me to go f**k off. I was furious! Of course when I got to the Roosevelt I went straight to the Lounge and had a little talk with this guy, he told me that there weren't any openings until 4:00!! A nice gentleman even came up and asked this ignorant foreigner if he could take a quick look at the menu and this guy looked at him straight in the eyes and just walked away from him. Bullshit service. I will never ever ever spend my money at this place. Awful!Ya know this place could get a 3 or 4 if it hadn't been for the really rude and snotty hostess. We came to this hotel to go to sazerac which was too crowded so we decided to stop at this place next door. It seemed quiet and has plenty of seating. We were in the doorway for a second when the hostess asks you guys coming in or just looking. Which doesn't read as nasty as the way she said it. With a mean look and low nasty voice. This place needs to get someone better to be the first impression people get. I mean it's not like we were some rowdy drunk jerks with beads and plastic cups with drinks in our hands. We were walking around after dinner to have a drink. Not drunk. Just a group of adults. We sat and had interesting drinks but she ruined it. They had live music that played an interesting jazz piano arrangement of smells like teen spirit that was cool. Our sever was nice enough. Last call was at midnight.Summary:  None of the employees at this hotel from the GM down to the waitresses are competent and simply don't return or respond to phone calls.  Beautiful hotel and decor (5 star) are spoiled by poor hiring here.
My wife booked a 7PM table for 13 here on Dec 23rd.  Planning ahead, she booked this on Oct 2nd (2.5 months ahead).  Two days before our planned dinner with guests from out of town, she called to verify that the reservation was there.  She left a voicemail.  The next day she called again.  She was told they couldn't find our reservation.  The manager wasn't available to talk.  10+ phone calls and several messages left with the restaurant and even the GM were never returned (even now a week later the GM hasn't called back).  Frustrated and knowing we had to plan for 11 other people, we drove 10 miles into town to go into the restaurant directly.  Speaking directly to the host, we got the manager in a few minutes.  Apparently, their policy is not returning phone calls.  I asked to confirm my reservation and they had a slight misspelling of the last name.  Everything was fine.  We couldn't get multiple phone calls returned to clear up an easy misunderstanding.  Sad.  A few minutes after confirming, my wife gets a phone call to confirm her reservation for that night.  Not sure if that was a CYA move or not.
That night at dinner, the decor was very nice, as were the hosts and other servers.  When my soup arrived, other guests who had ordered only entrees had their entrees served at the same time.  My entree was brought out shortly after finishing my soup.  Wtf?  One of my guests had been a waiter at Copeland's and some other top-of-the-line places in Nola - he thought our waitress should go start at Chili's or Applebees to get an understanding of how the restaurant industry works before moving up to this job.  Completely unfriendly service from her couldn't be saved by the other friendly servers helping her out.
Recommendation:  clean house with the employees here.  The GM isn't capable of doing this job, and that incompetence obviously filters down to each of the employees below her/him.  It's a very nice looking hotel and should have 5 star workers and service.My girlfriend and I went to dinner at the fountain lounge thinking sure it looks fancy but how good can hotel food be? Answer: Really goddamn good. Whatever you do get the pork belly. The rabbit tenderloin is also a must eat dish. Their small plate menu was great and portions were spot on. I recommend sharing an app then a couple small plates; very filling for two people. Also the bartenders here know what they are about when it comes to cocktails. Great place that is fancy enough to be with a date night trip but relaxed enough to let me through the front door. 
If you go and love it as much as we did: You're welcome!
If you hate it: 
I hope they put castration chemicals in your drinks because you don't deserve to pass on genetic material contributing to humanity's overall lack of taste.
Cheers!Tuesday happy hour is half price champagne by the glass, need I say more? Venice cliquot, Chandon etoile, some good choices. The bar is classy, though not as cool as the adjoining Sazerac bar. We split a duck confit quesadilla and a salad with fried goat cheese. Both were ok. Taking away a star for the TV at the bar (at least it was on mute) and some service issues.If I had to sum up my review in one word: "Inconsistent".  The staff was friendly, but unpolished to the point of being clumsy.  The food was sometimes really good, sometimes not good at all.
The two of us had reservations at 5:30pm on a Friday, at which point only a handful of tables were seated.  Somehow they screwed our reservation up and had us sitting at a four top with a different couple.
Points to them for catching it before they sat us.  No points for not communicating to us that this was the reason we were delayed in being seated.  Instead, there were like five different employees standing in front of a computer trying to sort it out, not one of them mentioned to us what the issue was, I just cobbled it together over all the whispering.
At one point the manager actually pointed at us and asked the hostess if "we were the couple", while we were standing less than a foot away.  Really?  How about someone acknowledge our existence and, ya know, communicate a little?
The cocktails were...blah.  My partner's cocktail was supposed to be modeled after a Christmas cookie.  The staff indicated it was supposed to be a signature drink.  It tasted more like someone mixed vodka with milk and a little vanilla extract, and tossed on some sprinkles.  Very rough.
Our first course, two soups, came out before our bottle of wine.  This is a pet peeve of mine and should never, ever happen at a restaurant at this price point and purported level of service.   The two soups also showed up without.... soup spoons.  Or silverware of any kind.
The soups are poured at the table, and the waitress poured the soup TOWARDS my partner, not away from or parallel to.  Had there been any splashing, it would have gone into her shirt.  Poor form.
The waitress finally showed up with the wine, started opening it, and then some other guy (sommelier?  waiter?  we'd never seen him before) showed up seconds later with a second (different) bottle of wine, and asked us if we'd like to go ahead and open it.  Except we hadn't ordered a second bottle of wine.
Our entrees also managed to show up without silverware.  How is that even possible?
The food was... mostly good.  The soups (turtle soup and chicken and andouille gumbo were very nice.  My entree - beef braised in something or other - was more accurately described as "beef cooked to a certain temperature in a liquid", because it was brutally tough; not tender and completely dry.  My partner's duck was really nice though.  Cooked perfectly to medium rare and a wonderful combination of flavors and texture.
So, again, everyone was friendly and nice, but service seemed completely jumbled.  Food was anywhere from good to ok.
But do you really want to drop $250 on a bottle of wine, schizo service, and ok food?We stopped in here for drinks and appetizers after checking out the iconic Roosevelt hotel and as the common theme has been here in NOLA, the food and service were both outstanding. 
We were drawn by the beautiful interior of the restaurant with a lively jazz band playing. One side of the restaurant is open allowing a view of the gorgeous Roosevelt lobby and another side is occupied by a long elegantly decorated bar. The band was playing on the far side opposite to the hotel entrance and kept our shoes tapping and a smile on our face.
Our server was friendly, professional and knowledgeable about gf items on the menu. We ordered drinks and just shared the brussels sprouts appetizer before heading back out to continue our nom conquest of NOLA. The brussels sprouts had an incredible glaze on them and were cooked to perfection. 
While it was a short little dining experience, the food we had was one of the top meal experiences of our trip. Excellent service, great portions, and similar prices to other restaurants in the area. All in all, a win.This is the newest addtion to the New Orleans hotel dining scene and it's a keeper. The lavish decor is reminiscent of a vintage supper club.  The beautiful bar has a fantastic menu of hand crafted cocktails.  The wine list has some great little known wines on it.  The sommelier is more than happy to assist with wine selections, his knowledge was extensive.  The young chef is eager and put together an intense menu.  Each dish was prepared well and had the freshest ingredients.  The bacon enrusted rabbit is not to be missed.  His take on roasted oyters is right up there with the best New Orleans offers.  The live entertainment was impressive.  Getting to see Phillip Manuel and then Luther Kent for the price of a dinner was beyond a deal.  The ambiance was romantic and definitely somewhere you'd go for a special occasion but the prices are somewhere you could go all the time.  I can't say enough great things about this new place.Very poor experience. Our server opted to not write down our orders and we were quite a large party. Because of this, our meals came out sporadically and some did not come out at all and had to be reordered. 
The food also is not that great. The gumbo is quite salty but the chicken was good. 
Overall, service and meals not appropriate for the price.A very laid back and intimate bar with a really good jazz band playing. Totally different from the bustle at the sazerac next door. Our bartender was very friendly and attentive. We loved all the mixed drinks we tried and also loved the songs the band was playing.My son and I went to this restaurant for breakfast one morning while visiting New Orleans. We shared the Roosevelt breakfast which was definitely enough for two people. I cannot imagine one person finishing this breakfast. It was very delicious and fresh. The coffee tasted great, so I was one happy camper! This restaurant is in the prestigious Roosevelt Hotel which is a Waldorf Astoria Hotel by Hilton. It's pretty fancy, so expect fancy prices. I definitely do recommend it.Beautiful atmosphere, friendly bartenders, a little expensive but you get what you pay for and we definitely wanted to go somewhere classier than the trashy bars around town. Can't speak for the food because we didn't eat here but my glass of sparkling wine was delicious and everyone at the bar seemed to be enjoying their cocktails.Well, there's good and bad here.  I had the chicken gumbo, which was OUTSTANDING. It had a bit of a bite, which I loved.  My tablemate had a turkey panini, which was OK (wouldn't get it again but not 'bad.'). The lunch menu is limited; it was hard to find something I wanted to order.  
The service, though, is the problem here. The waitress was supposed to give a salad with the panini but instead gives fries (just OK).  
The entree soup was served first, and then the tablemate is served 10+minutes later.  We never see her again.  
Finally we ask someone to get us the bill. Mind you, there are almost no customers there.  
We did see employees/servers (?) my tablemate thought inappropriately dressed and playing with their hair (not inspiring at a restaurant).  
Anyway I gave four stars because the chicken gumbo was five star.  Now if they could work on their service (really throughout the hotel) and tweak the menu, they'll be fine.Nice space. Good ambiance. Great people watching as the place is open to the main thoroughfare of the Roosovelt hotel. My wife enjoyed the smoked chicken gumbo. She said it was spicy.  And she likes spicy. 
I had the crab gratin. Full chunks of crab. A bit greasy (as everything in NO is). 
Great service. 
Liquor Drinks run $15-$18. Pricey. Like Las Vegas.I love this place. First of all, there is live jazz music, and it's in an intimate setting - no matter where you sit, you are close to the stage. The bar tenders know their stuff. I told mine I liked tequila drinks that aren't two sweet and he made three different cocktails that did not disappoint. You can also get food if you are in the mood, but I definitely at least stop by for some cocktails and jazz if you are in the area or staying in the hotel.My roommate and I came to eat here and we were blown away! The charbroiled oysters were to die for! By far my fav in the city. Very creamy and flavorful, and their bread is actually lightly toasted & sliced (unlike other places). 
The ambience is very relaxed and soothing. Our server was on point with his recommendations and the food quality was great! 
Their menu is designed for small plates & sharing so if you're looking to grub for a decent price, this ain't the place for ya!We came late. the Paloma cocktail was excellent, but the service was ok not excellent. We tried to have cheese but the kitchen was closed so not sure what that meant since table next to use was able to get something from the kitchen and the time frame was the same. Not worth going out of the way. We were staying in the hotel so we tried it since good jazz band was playing and lured us in.We came here after dinner to enjoy some drinks and desserts from the laid back and relaxing bar. We were sat in back and ordered our selections of drinks and food and we felt like we waited a while. I believe we could have just ordered at the bar and finished our drinks before we were actually served our drinks. I think it was about 15 minutes of waiting for our drink order. The desserts actually came before our booze. The crème brule was my favorite. It was thick and chocolaty with encrusted sugar on top. The close second was the pecan sugar fried doughnuts. They were devoured quickly by the table. They were fried dough balls with cinnamon and sugar, how can that nit be good? then the baked apple and the lemon ice box pie. I would recommend the lemon pie first. The apple was fine but its like getting an apple while trick or treating. Thanks for trying to make things healthy, I guess.We were staying at the Roosevelt for two nights and went for a late dinner/drinks and then we also had breakfast here. The breakfast was pretty good, although overpriced of course.
For dinner, we ordered the chargrilled oysters which, to be honest, were pretty awful compared to the two other places we had them in NOLA (Felix's and Acme). Very disappointing. 
The food here is overall, not of great quality. The live music during dinner was nice, but WAY too loud. I probably wouldn't recommend this place.We had kind of a perfect New Orleans night here, the Saturday before Christmas was very festive and the famed Roosevelt decorations were dazzling. We ran into old friends and made new ones. But none of that really had to do with the food, which did not live up to the rest of our evening.
We started with raw oysters, which were cold, salty and shucked right. We both had the Reveillon menu but there were choices for each of us, I love choices! I had an asparagus dish with poached egg and Parmesan foam that was delicate and rich-tasting at the same time. The smoked tuna was good too but asparagus trumped it. The soup and salad course was next, nice but not remarkable. The soup was so rich, I think it was mostly heavy cream with a dash of cauliflower in there. I had swordfish that tasted frozen and my husband had a deconstructed duck wellington that was a better choice. Both desserts (banana-chocolate creme brulee and a lemon tart) tasted like Sysco made them a decade ago. I love dessert and I'll even eat most bad desserts but I didn't finish either one of these. Also, our cocktails cost $16 each. Things started off okay but took a nose-dive. I won't be back.food is okay - barely any service here even not crowded at all and very loud/noisy atmosphereThe food used to be really great here but sadly the prices have substantially increased while the quality of the food and service have tanked.  I recently had the single worst fish dish I've EVER had in New Orleans here which consisted of blackfish on a bed of fried green tomatoes all resting on a huge slimy sea of tartar sauce.  The service, food quality and prices are all failures to me at this point.  The one high point was the live music.  There are so many restaurants providing such better food at better prices with attentive service there is no reason to bother with eating here and dealing with poor service.  The drink prices demonstrate that they have morphed into a tourist trap so when one beer costs as much as an entire six pack you are being gouged at rip off tourist prices.Live entertainment on the night we were there -that was our main draw!  
The food was very good!  The lower star is due to the price point for the dishes.  My son was delighted to see fresh truffle in his risotto!  Very good quality and great service.Wait a while to come. It's new and still going through growing pains. Ordered dessert and drinks before the show at the Saenger (great location from the theatre) but it took an extremely long time to get waited on and served.Very worthwhile. Wonderful staff, which continues a John Besh tradition. Perfect Sazerac, and everything in between.  Must visitHorrible experience. Agree with other review that atmosphere is nice but that's all this place has going for them. The picture of the pastrami they advertised was quiet impressive however the actual sandwich was pathetic looking and tasted like a rubber sole. The Cuban sandwich we ordered also wasn't up to par. Apparent they don't know how to make one as not all the ingredients were included. Highly recommend not going to this place and finding somewhere else to eat. Such a shame that this beautiful hotel has such a poor restaurant.The Shrimp and Grits were perfect.  
Outstanding.
Service outstanding.  Attentive, but not obtrusive.
This is as good as any of the Big Name restaurants in the area.This is a beautiful bar and restaurant with live music and a little more intimate setting than the Sazerac bar (next door in the hotel). The hostesses are very cheerful and Gio the bartender is nothing short of hilarious, accomodating, and happy to serve. His knowledge of drinks is in point and professionalism is definitely up to standards with the hotel. The food is absolutely amazing and the service is great. If your looking for a little lighter setting than the Sazerac and a good conversation with the bartender, the Fountain Lounge is the place.Fancy but touristy and a rip off.Posh, posh, posh. My date and I wanted a sumptuous, seductive date during the Reveillon season, and we thought the Fountain Lounge fit the bill. Their menu was full of special dishes, and the ambience was just what I hoped. 
There was a lot of hype in my head about this place. I caught mention of it in the Gambit. I watched the crowds roll in as I wandered through the lobby of the Roosevelt. I saw the check-ins start to pile up. The magic was certainly there, and I knew it had to be mine. Hot tip: make reservations. This is a hopping spot! One magic moment with Open Table later, I had a table for two at this swank lounge on a Friday night! Ooh la la! 
Let's run through the staff real quick: the hosts and hostesses were so on point. They made me feel special from the very first moment. The various support staffers were great, too. Present without being obtrusive is the term, I think. The bar staff were fast and precise, all kinds of good. My problem, of course, was with the server. My server was a guy named Ryan. He made me question if he had any fine dining experience. It was a little like "Hi, welcome to Applebees. Your first course tonight will be a choice of mozzarella sticks or onion petals." Despite the posh setting and the beautiful food, he was putting off the wrong vibe. This wasn't the elegant service I was waiting for, and his general presence put me off the perfect 5 star experience. 
The food was absolutely on point until we got to the dessert. The lemon tart was extra tart (two thumbs up), but the pastry chef mixed pop rocks in with the dried raspberries. That was a little bit of WUT?!? And my dessert was a total flop. What was supposed to be crème brûlée was actually just custard with pineapple on top. I was honestly not sure the kitchen could do any better so I decided not to send it back. The custard was good, but who wants custard when you ordered crème brûlée, you know? I have some big questions about the pastry chef's continued menu design if that is what they put forth on the Reveillon menu. But let's loop back to the masterful moments on the menu like the Duck Wellington, Blue Crab and Lobster Bisque, and the Ahi Tuna app. Drool, drool, drool. 
If the service and the pastry chef can get up to speed, the Fountain Lounge will live up to its swank pedigree. Worth a revisit, though! 
Accessibility notes: space gets loud easily. Tables close together for mobility devices. No Braille menu or signage. Ramp up into the hotel. Dimly lit. High bar and hostess stand.Unlike my experience with the Roosevelt hotel, my breakfast experience at their restaurant was much better. I ordered the Roosevelt breakfast, and it was perfect. The only reason I reduced the rating to one start was because of the price.
The breakfast consisted of the following: two eggs any style (mine were scrambled perfectly, nice and fluffy), four pieces of bacon (cooked to an ideal crispness), hash browns (patties), short stack of pancakes (not too fluffy and not too dense), and rye toast. Just to make myself feel better about the heart-clogging breakfast, I ordered a green juice, which was fresh and delightful. 
The stuff was friendly and accommodating, and they were pleasant and happy to welcome my rowdy toddler. One server even sang to us.This is my favorite place in NOLA for a late night drink and snack.  It's actually much nicer than the Sazarac Bar next door.  The house jazz band here is wonderful on weekend.  The drinks are top notch, and the food amazingly nicely priced.  The creme brulee is amazing.  A must have.  Wonderful service to boot.Love NOLA and trying new restaurants ever time I go there. The Roosevelt is seriously one of the best restored properties in all of New Orleans. Had a great breakfast of biscuits, gravy and poached eggs ...nuff said.Good food but horrendous service. Ordered and waited over an hour for a salad and appetizer, the manager was going to each table (except ours apparently) apologizing for the service and giving out comps (again... to everyone but us) and when the food finally came out we were the only people in the restaurant. I made eye contact with one of the waiters who looked at me, sighed and rolled his eyes in exhaustion at the fact that we were the last there (which wouldn't have been the case if they had done their job). Overall, really disappointed in their service. Hope they can fix this.My husband and I had drinks at the Fountain bar in the Roosevelt Hotel last night. Jonah was the bartender. It was a bit crowded, but he managed it well. He also poured some really great cocktails. Try the pink squirrel. Fantastic after dinner drink! We will definitely return the next time we are in town.Ambiance is great- live music! Food is wonderful. Had the short rib sliders and chargrilled oysters (ordered a second order!). The drinks were hit or miss. The pear drink was absolutely terrible. I couldn't finish it. The new fashioned was good but my cherry was missing. I would go back to try it out again.It's hard for me to believe that this beautiful opened up space used to be the old Sazerac restaurant. It only makes sense to expand to another lounge...especially one that serves food. The space is spacious and airy although it does get loud depending on the crowd.
The evening I was there, the service was slow but they were slammed. My old fashioned was OK but not great. Next time I'll get a straight pour here and same the fancier drinks for the Sazerac Bar.
Benefit of this space...since it serves food, it is not exclusively 21 and over if you have younger family members with you.My family and I ate at the Fountain Lounge on Christmas Day. We had a wonderful experience . Food and service was excellent. 
I had turtle soup to start, excellent, plenty of turtle meat and comparable to some of the best that I have had. 
The roasted beet salad was light and fresh with just enough dressing. 
Pan seared snapper was perfectly cooked with a perfect sear that made delicious , the veggies that come with it wear good as well. 
For dessert , I had the chocolate mousse that was sweet and creamy and very chocolatey. 
The service we received was above average and many of our needs were anticipated in advance. 
We had a great Christmas meal at an excellent restautant and we would not heditate to go back. Thanks Fountain Lounge !!I'd like to say that the Roosevelt hotel is beautiful! However, the fountain lounge was not very accommodating with a "large" party. We had 14 ladies and it took over an hour and a half past the reservation time to get seated. The best they could do was offer us a glass of champagne and free drink. honestly, I expect them to be more accommodating seeing that we are spending hundreds of dollars here! being the bride, I'm very upset that me and my ladies weren't able to eat when expected, especially since we were planning this trip since July. 
Our food came out an hour late and I'm very disappointed! not the pleasant experience I expected.Perfectly Roosevelt. This lounge filled with brown leather club chairs well groomed staff and upscale dishware has "Roosevelt" written all over it. Hence, it's theme stems from the fact it's in the Roosevelt Hotel. The waitstaff offered service a cut above the rest. Suggestively selling drinks, food as well as who and what time the music starts. Awesome live music tonight provided by Nayo Jones Trio. She bolted out favorites from the past such as "At Last " and  other Natalie Cole songs and the like.This is a fantastic little bar to hang out in, if you aren't really in the mood for the hustle and bustle of the Sazerac Bar. The vibe here is extremely laid back and on the nights I have been, there has been a jazz band playing. Food is served here and they have an assortment of specialty cocktails. I enjoy the Bayou Swizzle, which is a yummy rum drink with juice.
For a really romantic feel: sit in one of the corner booths. It's the perfect spot to sit and enjoy the music and atmosphere with a date.So I really wanted to see the Christmas lights in the hotel. When we got there we were kind of hungry. The place next to this one was jam packed so we came here instead. The hostess was super sweet and accommodating. She sat us even though she said they were all booked. I had 2 glasses of wine. And my boyfriend had beer and we split the crawfish and crab au gratin. Our server was super friendly. We asked if we could get more bread for our dip and she happily did so. I would most definitely eat here again. But instead of just an appetizer I'd get a full meal. Place was nicely decorated and they had live music. The only thing I could complain about is that it's over priced.The Roosevelt is quite busy right now due to their holiday decor attraction. We stopped into the Fountain but now wish we'd just waited for the Sazerac or even Domenica instead. The two bartenders seemed harried though there were rarely more than two or three people waiting to order at a time, as if they are not experienced.
We were greeted with impatience on our arrival, as if we were inconveniencing them just by coming in. No-one was offered water in over an hour we spent at the bar (most of us bought at least two drinks). One guest was served an entire meal at the bar, while others asked repeatedly and never got a food menu (in 90 minutes). A cheese plate was served with no cutlery or knife, just pieces of cheese (I guess you use your fingers to rip it apart, and spread it on the bread?) - one of which was the entire rind. I shudder to think what it cost - but never saw a menu.
We were really surprised at the level of service given the pricing at $19-$24 per drink. A friend ordered a Martini and was told they didn't have a glass for it, the bartender pointed at her friend's (nearly full) drink and suggested she ask her friend to down her drink and use that glass !! Meanwhile the bartender had just cleared an empty Martini glass that was sitting next to her on the back bar in full view as she said this. She offered to use a much smaller glass, and served it warm, as if she didn't know how or didn't care to make a proper Martini ($19 for a small Tanqueray dirty martini btw). Other guests sat with 3-4 used dirty glasses from previous guests, left in front of them for their entire visit, despite having at least 3 staff for the bar alone, and 9 other servers coming and going at that end of the bar. There are only maybe 18 seats at this bar btw, it's not some enormous place.
We did flag down the manager to ask where the bartenders had gone (one was AWOL for 20 minutes at least, the other in and out with her back to the bar, and only a barback occasionally coming and going and not serving anyone - this was at 9:30 pm, not late at night) and he had no answer, explanation or apology, was defensive and unprofessional. If you are the manager and your staff is failing, your customers may say something to you (and/or go home and yelp about it!) It's your chance to listen and make it right with your response. Telling us we were wrong is not the correct answer.
Our group spent nearly $1,000 at that bar (and that's at 3 drinks apiece) and could not even get a glass of water! We would have left after the first drink, but had already made plans to meet there and could not move our group once we'd arrived, parked etc. It's a Friday night during the holidays -  not a surprise it will be busy - maybe staff one more bartender or someone comfortable, even happy to have a full bar instead of put-upon to serve customers who have the nerve to come in. Back in my bar days I was always thrilled to have a busy bar = a big night for tips, more fun even if it's a challenge, and makes the shift go much faster.
Not up to the standards of a New Orleans dive bar much less a "cocktail" type establishment. We've never felt so much like a burden when coming in to spend $$ and try to have a nice, celebratory night out. It's worth the walk to visit somewhere else in the Quarter like Arnaud's, Brennan's, Antoine's, so many other spots where the staff practices actual hospitality.BEST PRE-THEATRE EXPERIENCE.  PERIOD.
My friend and I had dinner here before seeing Chicago at the Saenger.  The service was perfectly timed.  We had noted in our reservation that we had to be finished in an hour, and the server greeted us with that information.  She timed our courses perfectly.  The charcuterie board was phenomenal.  Not normally something I would mention, but in this case, I have to.  Pickled Kimchi!  Guanciale!  Torchon that melted like apple butter on a warm biscuit!  My stars, what an amazing share plate!  We also had the pork belly entree and the beet salad.  Everything was beautifully presented, both from the chef's plates to the front of the house service.  Even Tom Hook and his band made us feel warm and welcome.  They played several of our song suggestions.  We didn't want to leave when we had to, so we'll have to go back when we can have a more leisurely meal.  Definitely a better pre-theatre meal than Domenica.   BY FAR.Im confused at the current ratings... the food is pretty amazing. Service is good . Location is inside a hotel. 
Live Band is classy , singer is gorgeous and very talented, decir is trendy, . 
Chicken Gumbo has so much flavor in each spoonful!!! The order of side bread sourdough was warm , seasoned, toasted, and ohh so perfect with their Gumbo. 
Drinks: SideCar could use improvement but overall good, and my old Fashioned was delicious and on point. 
My pasta dish with crab meat was good and light but would have wanted more meat in it. Loved the bacon in it though. 
My husband's market Fish was absolutely delightful and amazing. Had I known how good their fish is I would have ordered his item too. I recommend you get that market fish it is so memorable.This is a casual bar/eatery in perhaps the best hotel in New Orleans. We wanted a snack and a quiet beer and chose to go downstairs to the Fountain Lounge.
It's classic in appearance. There was a trio making music, TVs on the wall, booths, tables, a bar, and servers generally buzzing all over the show making everyone happy.
We ordered a lump crab au gratiny type thingo, which, with the local bread, was sensational.
I guess the full fare is quite special but, to be truthful, this is the sort of place where you start an evening, or possibly even end an evening. But I don't see it as a destination in itself, a fact which should be taken into account when assessing my four star award.Even if you aren't staying at the Waldorf Astoria- Roosevelt the Fountain Lounge is a great stop for tasty, relaxing and attentive service.
We were seated quickly, served water and hot coffee.
I recommend ordering the Build your Benedict, so many options.  Choose your protein or veggie base, select your carb bread of choice or have it on an artichoke heart.  To top it off pick from four Hollandise options.
I ordered my Benny with blue crab, English muffin and tradition Hollandise.  It was super.  Rich, creamy and a gooey egg (which is a must to get right and they do it right every time).  This a rich meal so opt to get a fruit plate so worth it (enough for a table of 4 or for 2 sittings a fruit goodness).  The fruit plate had 3 melon types, 3 berry choices, 2 types of apple and served with banana bread.
Really come try this breakfast and soak in the history of the Roosevelt.You'd expect decent service at a restaurant, priced fairly high, located in a luxurious hotel. Water? No lemon; coffee? No spoon; food? No silverware; bread? No butter. Waited for nearly 20 minutes to get our food after another 15 minutes wait for the waitress to come and take the order. The egg Benedict was great, but the omelette, correction: the grease got some omelette in there.
One hour meal, our silverware kept getting taken away, and not being replaced. When we complained about the omelette, the waitress couldn't care less, and the little bit we had made us feel so nauseated.80's music played all night , really cool dj, so many fun people dancing ..ps. Bartender rocked oh yeah and the door guys had great smiles and a perfect attitude!.Thanks for the good timeSo after hearing all of the hype about the fried chicken we went to the Fountain Lounge to try it out.  We had been looking forward for weeks to come on a Monday to try out the 'chicken and sides' special for #18.93.  They bring you a large amount of fried chicken, each person receives their own side of red beans and rice and Cole slaw.  Once you order the chicken comes out within 5 minutes.  The chicken would have been great if it was hot!  It was barely warm and I could tell it had been cooked at least an hour beforehand and left in a warming oven.  It's spicy and not greasy but not hot.  One of the best things about dining in a restaurant and ordering fried chicken is that it comes to you hot from the fryer.  We didn't say anything because we didn't see the server again for at least 15 minutes so we just ate it because we were hungry and didn't want to make a big deal out of it.  So disappointing.  The cobbler served at the end of the meal for an additional $5 was the best part for me.  The Chef that created the special fried chicken recipe looks super friendly as he comes out and visits the dining room frequently.  I just wish he was in the kitchen checking the temp on the chicken every now and then...We are not bourbon st types so decided after dinner to go to the Sazerac bar at the Roosevelt hotel. That was packed and loud so went to neighboring lobby bar where they had nice cover band playing.  My sazerac I am sure was just as good.  Basic chard was good Wente fog. Service was great as poured new glass after being nice to overfill glass at end of bottle meant a bit too much sediment ended in glass.   Even though kitchen closed got me the delish choc brownie. If looking for upscale place to get drinks, talk to one you love and hear well sung covers cannot go wrong with this placeOne of the best "General Hotel Restaurants". Many great restaurants are located in hotels that are owned and operated by excellent restaurateurs and/or chefs.  But far fewer are the restaurants that are part of the hotel itself and usually just a place of convenience for guests to grab a bite that could be considered really good.  Well, this just happens to be one that is great.  From the first greeting to the wine selection, every detail of our dining experience was impressive.  After 4 of us shared an order of crispy Brussels sprouts, we ordered salt grilled wagyu culotte  (braised short ribs), gumbo, the fountain lounge burger and a fried goat cheese salad as our meal.  Then we split the flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  Everything was delicious and our server was incredibly knowledgeable and made great suggestions from the wine list.  We were one of only two tables being served, which prompted a well deserved conversation trying to figure out why this place isn't packed every night of the week.I've been to the Sazerac bar but never noticed that this was next door. I was going to see a play with someone when he told me to meet him here beforehand. The ambience was nice and the service was great. I had a lovely glass of prosecco and ordered the duck as my entree. It came with cabbage and a dollop of sweet potato puree, which I wish I had more of. The duck was cooked perfectly and was tender and seasoned well. The cabbage was good and not mushy at all. The restaurant is beautiful. There was a piano player next door that we could hear. It was the day of Chewbacchus so a T-Rex made a stroll through while we dined lol. We did have one hick up though, my companion ordered the beef culotte medium but received it blue. It was still ice cold in the middle. They were very quick to get him out another one though. I would definitely return and explore more of the menu.So the hostess was super rude... apparently we were an imposition. The waitress was awesome... apparently the imposition stopped with the hostess.. drinks were great... Must be hard to find good employees who hostess...After my first visit to the refurbished Saenger Theatre  we decided to visit the Roosevelt and have  a cocktail while the lines at the parking garage diminished. The first choice was the Sazerac but the bar was three deep. It was then we discovered the new Fountain Lounge just down the corridor.  
A classy place to enjoy a drink. First of all there is a manager who seats you. All very professional and competent. Live combo was playing soft New Orleans music and at a volume that does not interfere with your conversation. Service is also attentive and pleasant. Not only did Danielle take care of business and made my wife and I feel welcomed she had personality that makes us want to return.
There is a small menu and the Crab Claws we tried were both tasty and flavorful. Just the right amount to share for a late night snack. 
Artemus the manager took the time to check up on us and told us about future artists that will be playing at the Lounge. 
This is a place we shall return to and the kind of laid back drinking establishment with good music and a friendly professional staff.I don't normally eat at hotels just cause typically it's not that good. Doesn't apply here. I ordered tuna taretare, chicken wings, and duck quesadilla. All were great and suggested by the two cool knowledgeable bartenders. Tuna was with watermelon and just a nice fresh mix. The wings were awesome although a little hard to grab a hold of. Duck was great flavor with the pairing sauce. Had a mai Thai and that was well made. Beautiful lounge as well. I'd go again.This lounge is the restaurant for the Roosevelt Hotel Waldorf Astoria in New Orleans, the service was super friendly and quick, we were rushed to get to some meetings and the food came out on time, the eggs Benedict were cooked very well and pancakes were delicious, if you're staying at this hotel it is definitely a good option for breakfast, Not sure necessarily to make a trip here for that thoughI stay at the hotel often and visit out of convenience. While the staff and bar are great the food disappoints every time. I've done the catch of the day, drum, the scallops, and none were anything I'd get again. The fish was so salty I couldn't eat it. The roasted Brussels sprouts were good but I didn't even stick around for dessert which was included. I don't recommend the food but the bar has nice options. The live music is fun but is super loud so don't expect to hold a conversation.I haven't been here in a few years because frankly it had mediocre, at best, food and service.  Was presently surprised tonight when I went in for the anniversary special of Carl's fried chicken.  It was excellent and huge portions of chicken,  red beans, Cole slaw and honey biscuits.  First of all I got half of chicken fried to perfection with red beans obviously cooked by a local,  cole slaw full of flavor with a "kick" and I don't even like slaw. Chef Carl came and talked for a few minutes and was very impressed by his attitude of wanting to bring this room back to it's glory.  Excellent service with Trey,  think that's correct spelling,  that combined with the food makes me want to return. I think it's only two more weeks of this special menu on Monday night.Always a delightful experience and meal. Great staff and food. Beautiful hotel to stay at as well.Still a very solid 4. Breakfast was great as well. Really great food for a hotel restaurant which surprises me. Great hotel and food. Had the salmon Benedict over boudin and spicy tomato. Very good. The hash was awesome as well. Garden omelet was done right too. Will def eat here again. Oh and beignet is better than Dumonde! Yea light not dense and fried just right.We popped in to enjoy the awesome Friday night jazz with drinks before heading to bed for the night.  Loved it!  Seemed a bit pricey though and not as fun as Sazerac next door, but the jazz was truly amazing.  Great service too and a YUMMY chocolate martini!My friends and I visited the Fountain Lounge on a Monday evening for chef Carl's $18 all-you-can-eat fried chicken special, and it was the best dining experience I've had in NOLA thus far. The decor is stunning, and the friendly staff, servers, and musicians each contribute to the lovely atmosphere. We had excellent service, and chef Carl even sat down with us and introduced himself. It was a wonderful experience, and the food was spectacular. Do not waste your time or money on Willie Mae's, and visit the Roosevelt's Fountain Lounge instead. In my opinion, chef Carl is cooking up some of the best fried chicken in the city.I'm pretty torn about this place. It's a nice alternative to the Roosevelt's popular Sazerac Bar which is much smaller and much more crowded. If you're going with a group of 4+, you're likely going to be out of luck to get space at the bar or a table. 
Fountain Lounge is spacious and affords you a great vantage point if you're into people watching (and the people who are typically strolling through the Roosevelt are uh, interesting to say the least). The ambience is really just perfect old school luxe hotel lounge. It's both classy and comfortable. You could easily lose the better part of an evening in here.
That said, the service is infinitely better at the Sazerac bar. It's kind of a big deal. My group of 10 the other night had to flag our waiter down on several occasions to order more drinks. It was not crowded either. Being that we were there 2 hours, I could see our tab would have easily been twice what it was had the service been better. When we decided it was time to leave, I had to get up and find our waiter (I stood at the bar for a few minutes before he appeared. He was not the bartender, by the way, and the 2 bartenders barely acknowledged me as I stood there waiting). 
This was the second or third time where I felt service was lacking here and that's about as many visits I've made to Fountain Lounge. It's really too bad because I think I like the space better than Sazerac Bar. I'm not saying that I won't give it another shot, but probably not with a crowd and I'd probably opt to sit at the bar so that I can drink more than 1 drink in 2 hours.I usually don't eat at hotel restaurants but made an exception here and I am sure glad I did.  Great breakfast here with super friendly staff.  The eggs Benedict was delightful.   The inlet with the blue crab was Devine.  My wife greatly enjoyed the sweet potatoes that were served with the breakfast.  Did I mention the friendly staff.  Well done Fountain Lounge!Tre was our server and made our night the best! We had the fried chicken special on Monday night. Of course you can't go wrong with fried chicken but this was the most tender and flavorful chicken we've ever had. I think the preparation before it was battered and fried made all the difference. We were full but still stuffed several more pieces in our mouths before the night was over. We had Eddie do a little performance for us to top it off! This was a very special night even though it was merely a Monday night looking for a place for dinner. Bravo to Tre and Eddie for making our NOLA experience an amazing one!! We can't wait to try all of Tre's suggestionsA little bird told me that the fried chicken that they serve here on Mondays would make my heart sing. They weren't wrong. 
Not only was the chicken delightfully spiced, battered and fried to perfection...it was juicy and tender and there was so much of it! The greedy girl in me wanted to eat it all but there was no way that I could walk back to my place after eating all that plus the lovely honey biscuit, the wonderful red beans and rice and the coleslaw. I must tell you that this honey biscuit was like a warm,buttery, sticky sweet cloud made by Jesus and brought down from heaven on angel wings. Truth be told, I don't even get down with coleslaw like that...ever. Something told me to try it and I can say that 10 out of 10 I would eat it again. 
I will be dreaming of this chicken tonight. 
They have a very fancy beverage menu that includes several specialty drinks, wines of every flavor and color and beers to make you forget that your team lost the game. I opted for a red wine (because I'm a fancy bitch) suggested by my server and boy was I liking that. I wish I remembered the name of it. 
The waiter asked if I was planning a trip to dessert island and I had to politely decline because I would not have been able to enjoy it after eating all that deep fried goodness. Another trip will have to be made to the Fountain Lounge to try the desserts. 
The staff here is exceptional. I cannot sing their accolades enough.  Toss a coin (more like several) to your server, oh valley of plenty.5 stars for Mr. Carl's all-you-can-eat fried chicken. Served on Mondays, the chicken comes with family style sides of red beans and rice and coleslaw and a biscuit AND a beer for $19 per person. When you include the beer that's like Golden Corral prices, but with the atmosphere of the beautiful historic Roosevelt Hotel, topped off with a classy piano player and great service from Becca at the bar. And Mr. Carl came out of the kitchen to personally check to make sure I enjoyed the fried chicken (I did!). You can't get any of that at the Golden Corral.Carl's fried chicken served only on Monday nights is the real deal. 
For $18, you get three spicy chicken pieces with biscuit and rice and beans   
Excellent meal, enjoy.Giving them 5 stars because 10 wasn't available.  We spent more than a few hours during our stay at the Roosevelt in the Fountain Lounge and had a great time.  Jacob and Sasha both make excellent cocktails, but be sure to have a Gin Fizz.  They are worth the wait!Monday nights... Best fried chicken EVER! The meal consist of fried chicken (family style), cole slaw, red beans, and a biscuit. That's it!!! And honestly, it was all I needed. I don't know about the rest of the nights of the week, but on a Monday... Get this fried chicken and get your life!