Can't go wrong with Frady's po-boys.  Then hang out on the corner with a beer.Wow. Just wow. This is a hidden gem that we stubbled across with AMAZING po-boys while showing some out of town friends the area. Seriously, the best little neighborhood joint with just yummy food. I had the catfish, mac and cheese, and jambalaya. Super cheap and the owners are some of the nicest people I've ever met. So sweet. 
FYI Cash only!!When you feel like New Orleans is changing too rapidly, for good or bad, a stop into Frady's will snap you back to the real New Orleans.  From the friendly and amazing people that work there to the fantastic po boys and convenience of it all, this place is an iconic Bywater establishment and is "so New Orleans," you'll never want to leave!  
The sandwiches are so good; the roast beef with gravy, the French fry with gravy and the shrimp are my favorites and cannot be beat!  
Frady's is the real deal and stopping there will make you happy, in more ways than one!Yummy food and a local spot that is centrally located with outdoor seating. Folks from all over come to Frady's. They have a menu that changes of hot food and will make you some fresh eggs and bacon as a morning meal if you like. 
A small local shop as well that sells sodas, bread, and other needs, not exactly a supermarket, but will get you that salt or coffee you need at the last minute. 
Super friendly staff and an overall nice spot to know about in the area when you get tired of the other spots in the area (which could happen fairly quickly if you eat at the same spots every day).This is by far my favorite shrimp po-boy around town. I haven't ventured into the hot case yet but a lot of the regulars go for it. The ladies running the place are super sweet. Good neighborhood joint.old school corner store. Great place to grab a poboy and head to the new park on the river.Divey, but lives up to its reputation. Great smoked sausage poboys. A whole roll is big enough for two.Kirk & Kerr,i along with their dad, operate the most friendly and warm hearted deli in NOLA. Need advice; they've got it. Need to eat; come hungry. Open 6 days a week;  if I could convince them to stay open Sundays, I would, but they've go to rest sometime. I make excuses just to walk over and visit! Some details. Always something new to try.  The bread pudding and po-boys are my favorite, but their full meals are delicious and filling. Go for breakfast and stay through lunch; IT'S THAT GOOD!mmmm... what a fantastic dirty little place in the Bywater this is!
One of the best po' boys you can get in NOLA. You walk in to this tiny little store and patiently wait at the counter till someone finally notices you and tears themselves away from making some random delicious sandwich for a local laborer, and you better know what you want. I recommend getting either the fried oyster or the salami and turkey... fully dressed, or perhaps the muffuletta. You can pick your beverage from the cooler behind you and maybe a Hubig's Pie for afterwards.
The outside is nicely plastered with brightly colored paint and humorous signs warning loiterers. 
After you get your sandwich I suggest you go plop yourself down on the stoop of a nearby building and enjoy.I'm with Tom M....I almost but not quite, did not want to review this joint because then they will get waaay famous and trendy and NOLA will lose a true treasure; however, they deserve to be recognized.
We were going to hit the couple of thrift stores right across the street and realized that we had not yet had breakfast...in this case a very early lunch so when we saw this place, we knew we HAD TO STOP.
We were visiting from San Diego and natives of SD at that, but we got nothing like this in our neck of the woods. The closest we got was TJ when I was a little girl and my grandma had little mini stores like this on her street. 
There were two very interesting ladies working the day we stopped...Miss Cassie and Cricket...unique pair the both of them but their friendliness and customer service was out of bounds.
We asked Cricket what she suggested since it was our first time and she said to def try the Po'Boys. My husband had the Hard Salami and other deli meats and I had the Roast Beef w/gravy. The bread on both sandwiches was amazing, they were only $7 each for foot long Big Foot sandwiches and the side of mac and cheese we ordered brought tears to my eyes, I kid you not.
My husband's sandwich could've held it's own in any fancy deli but my roast beef was amazing. It wasn't sliced roast beef like I thought it would be...it was a gravy, roast beef concoction that had lettuce, tomato and mayo I think. and dammit, it all worked!!
Now then, although across the street there are a couple of trendy little joints, but don't go there. Go to Frady's which is straight out of the hood, 1969, deep South style. Try to use the bathroom before you go though because if you have to use theirs as I did (and I was desperate) it may scar you for life. :o/
The little store/restaurant is littered with folk art of all kinds, family pictures, lots of cold drinks and the requisite 40's that you can find everywhere in NOLA. A really nice guy stopped to chit chat with us as we sat outside, after he ordered his lunch. After our brief conversation, he picked up his 40 in a paper bag and headed off to his car, to eat, drink and drive...WOW!
This place freakin rocked it and was one of the highlights of our vacay!!SOOOOOO GOOD! Some of the best shrimp po boys I've ever tasted in NOLA.  The macaroni n cheese and baked chicken was very tasty too!The building is so small and nondescript that one could easily drive on by without noticing.  That would be a shame because this place is a food oasis.
In many ways, this place is like a mini-verti mart: you have your option of poboys, but they also have cafeteria-style foods. I got parmesan veal (cruel, I know), green beans, mac 'n cheese, and apple pie and all of it was delicious.  It was noon so everything was hot and ready to go.
Unlike the (previously) dirty verti, the staff at Frady's are a bit more...patient.  I love and appreciate the verti and its staff but there is no denying their loathing for the undecided.  I am hesitant to take guests to the verti because unless you know how their system works and what you want, you will probably end up with a fury of surly. 
My experience at Frady's was much different - the woman behind the counter didn't recognize us so she asked if it was our first time there.  When we said yes, she was super polite and helpful in explain what our options were and what might be good to try.
Overall, the food is tasty, there is a decent selection, and the staff are fast, friendly, and helpful.  What more could you want? Oh, and did I mention that my meal (it actually lasted me two meals) was only $7??!  Yeah, I'll definitely be back.My favorite lunch spot.  The ladies at Frady's will make you any kind of sandwich you'd like.  I keep on coming back here bc the food is good, and bc I appreciate the way all are treated with patience and respect.  Grab a bite, sit outside, and chuckle at the people waiting 45 mins for a Satsuma kale melt across the street.Absolutely delicious! My friends and I stayed at an Airbnb in Bywater and had about an hour before we needed to head to the airport on July 4th. Most places were closed, so we unfortunately ended up walking around aimlessly. That is until we ran into some locals who insisted we come here. We took an über and let me tell you, it was worth the fare and the aimless walking in 95 degree humid weather. I got the roast beef po boy with provolone and it was DELICIOUS. I've had po boys before but this was just mouth watering and fresh. A 6 inch will fill you up but I'm sure that if you're like me, you'll wish you ordered the larger sandwich. Just a word to those visiting- this isn't a place where you can sit down and share a meal with your friends. This is exactly what the name of the store states, "one stop. " There are benches outside for you to eat. It is super casual and most of the customers were regulars. Enjoy! You don't want to miss this!I am writing this reluctantly for fear that if enough people find out about this place it will become too 'on the radar' and lose its charm. 
I knew I was in for a treat after I placed my order and a cab driver pulled up and asked the man behind the counter "Does y'all got the ersters taday? Gimme da half loaf erster dressed all da way."  Then another woman walks in off the street and asks the girl behind the counter..."Dawlin' hand me a piece a dat napkin." A true local joint. The shrimp and oyster poboys are the best I have ever had in this great city known for its poboys. Finish it off with a Hubigs pie and you are good.Love my neighbourhood lunch joint. Staff is wonderful, food is affordable and delicious and a throwback to your classic old school corner store.Stumbled upon this hidden gem on my last day of living in New Orleans; I can't believe I went almost three years without knowing the joy of eating a Frady's shrimp po' boy. Hands down the best po' boy in the city in an awesome food store. 
Tip- ask for their special sandwich sauce- mayo, hot sauce, horse radish, and ketchup.Everything you hear is correct! They are huge poboys. I got a half shrimp poBoy. Super friendly people working there.I miss this little Bywater gem so badly, not because they're not still there, but because I had to move.  Having moved from the neighborhood three years ago I STILL find myself jonesing for Frady's dressed roast beef Po Boys all the time.  Like every week, seriously.  
 Really unpretentious dusty little corner store with some of the best damn sandwiches on the planet.  Get plenty of napkins, but you know that.  Keep this place a gem, don't tell all your friends.  Ugh, I guess I'll just have to put up with fake ass submarine sandwiches until my next trip.  
p.s. Oyster Po Boy too, just go every day and alternate.This place holds great sentimental value for me. I basically grew up at the counter here. The Frady's are pretty much family and they treat everyone with the same kindness. I have even helped behind the counter when the neighborhood was packed for a parade or festival!
Frady's stuffed miriltons are some of the best. So is the Roast Beef Po-Boy and just about any other po-boy you can get there.
Also, THE BREAD PUDDING IS TO DIE FOR. I don't know what Kirk puts in that stuff, but gosh I could eat that all day!Old school new orleans, best oyster po-boys in town (besides maybe Crabby Jack's, but I don't know).  This place doesn't have to try hard to be cool, because it just is.HANDS DOWN THE BEST ROAST BEEF POBOY IN TOWN. This is that hidden little place on the far side of town that all the locals have been going to for years, you'd never guess this would be the place to the unsuspecting eye, family owned and operated for years and years tiny little corner store , fresh liedenhiemer French bread delivered daily to this place , The gravy and roast beef seems to be sloooow cooked for hours with their lovely family recipe. With delicious brown gravy running down your arms you'll see it's Definitely worth every penny of the 8 or so bucks for a RB on French ,dressed . If you've had one from parkway bakery or another well known place ,than know that fradys puts theirs to shame .These people Are always super kind to me and I enjoy a quick bite to eat and the scene...once this old timer from across the street showed me pics from the old days when street cars passed by!Excellent po boys 
They were out of oysters that day so I settled for a shrimp po bay and it was soooo good. This is the kinda place that locals come to and not many tourist that don't have a car. 
They also have fried chicken in the hot box along with other items like liver and smothered onions. 
What I liked here is that the lady that serves is nice ( this seems to be a theme in New Orleans , I live in NYC where EVERYONE has a ' tude )
True meaning of southern hospitality.  They have little chairs outside where you can just chill and have your po' boy with a beer and talk to local wino outsisde
True authentic New Orleans experience !I get cravings for Frady's cheese po-boy. I've been trying meatless/fishless po-boy options around town, and so far this is my favorite. My only beef is that no matter how what words I use to ask for them to go light on the mayo, I end up with gobs. They also tend to go overboard with the cheese, and sometimes I just take a little off, but it's worth it for the best cheese po-boy I've found for around $7 and big enough to share. They also have some hot food in the counter that all looks great, like lasagna, meatloaf, sweet potatoes, bread pudding, beans. I've had the bread pudding, which is great.Frady's, a deli/ convenience store in Bywater, sells plate lunches. From the absolute sweethearts behind the counter, I was able to snag a plate of sausage, rice & beans, corn, and bread pudding for just $7!We grabbed a dressed sausage sandwich during a walk by. Didn't look like much, but we weren't looking for much. It blew our minds! Tastiest sausage sandwich either of us (my husband and I) have ever had!Visiting my sister in New Orleans she knows all of the great mom-and-pop places to go.
The carrot soufflé was surprisingly delicious. Just a touch sweet and mouthwatering this is a must try people! The turkey pole boy is deli fresh and just a perfect light meal.
This place is CASH ONLY!!!
Support your local places. Delish!!!My boyfriend and I stayed at an airbnb in the bywater and apparently a lot of the big poboy joints are closed on Tuesdays. We saw the reviews for Frady's and since it was only a few blocks away from where we were staying we thought "sure, why not".
We were not disappointed. I got the hot roast beef poboy and my boyfriend got the hot sausage, both with all the dressings minus pickles. Both were absolutely delicious and we ate our meal in complete silence because we were way too invested in our meals. 
The store is quaint and had a nice selection of drinks, deli meals and hot foods as well. Everyone was very nice and I got to talk with Mr. Frady himself while waiting for our poboys. Would absolutely come back anytime I'm in NOLA.Love my neighbourhood lunch joint. Staff is wonderful, food is affordable and delicious and a throwback to your classic old school corner storeI had the shrimp poboy and it was amazing. I went back the next day for a BLT also so great!! Cash only. Great customer service!!I was staying at an Airbnb around the corner from here and after reading the reviews decided to try a shrimp po'boy with the works and wowie it was amazing!  I even got one for the airplane ride back home.  Highly recommended.Some of the best po-boys around. Meatball and roast-beef are my favorite. Got to throw in their shrimp po-boy in with that group. Just a great neighborhood place that makes great food.Gritty, and old school.  Very, very old school. It's been there forever.  Love their po-boys.  I just finished a hot sausage po-boy, dressed, and added melted provolone, to go.  The best 7 bucks I've spent in a while.  The woman behind the counter talked to me like she was my momma as she made it.  This poboy had the perfect amount of hot sausage, at the right temperature, melted provolone, lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayo- dressed with care, and the french bread was slightly soft and chewy, the way i like it.    While I was there, I picked up a couple dry goods for the house and walked my happy ass home.  I think it tasted even better since I live around the corner.Just wrapped up my first trip to NOLA and was lucky enough to be staying across the street from here. I followed the wisdom of crowds and decided to try a shrimp po' boy and some mac and cheese. All I can say is wow, something about eating cheap amazing food at a convenience store brings back memories of going to my local Bodega in Brooklyn. 
I usually like to venture out as much as possible when visiting a new city but had to order another po' boy to save at my place once I got back from a long night of drinking in the French Quarter. To say I enjoyed this sandwich in my state of slight inebriation would be an understatement. 
Also had to give some love out for the 3 old guys out there with beers at all point of the day. Don't be frightened, they are nice guys.Un corner store qui a l'air assez commun et old school mais on m'avait vendu leur po boy aux oyster frits comme étant "one of the best you'll ever eat"
Bon j'en ai pas mangé 2000 differents  durant mon séjour mais je peux dire que celui d'ici envoie du gros gros lourd. Les huitres sont frites bien comme il faut (pas comme à d'autres endroits où la friture recouvre le gout) et le croc dans l'huitre chaude mène au delire total.
On peut manger au mini comptoir.
J'y suis meme repassé pour mon dernier sandwich avant de repartir à l'aeroport!! 
My last NOLA bite
Le duo proprio est vraiment adorable
Le whole french oyster ou shrimp est à $10, bun à $6The real deal. No credit cards. Real food. Real people making world class poorboys. Have mac n cheese for dessert!  Perfect oysters. Not a hipster place- thank god!  Darling-real New Orleans.Excellent catfish Po-Boy and authentic atmosphere.  Attentive service without all the trendy frills the out-of-towner's that live in the Bywater seek.Stopped in for a cold drink, the ladies were great spirited personalities...the fresh baked cookies hit the spot...Sitting here with Kirk Frady and friends on the boardwalk during French Quarter Festival talking about these reviews and decided final to write mine.  Found this wonderful corner store by accident one morning garage saling 2 years ago and stopped in for some breakfast.  Ordered 1/4 muffalata, swallowed it and turned around and bought a whole one for supper.  Since then I have tried numerous items and have found all of them to be wonderful.  The atmosphere is also so great, it makes you feel like family. Do not miss this opportunity to try a slice of New Orleans that has been there since 1941!!!!!I just finished my first Frady's po'boy after living in the neighborhood for a few years. This corner-store is a total fixture, decked out with Dr. Bob and other folky art signs. I must say, I was totally disappointed. We split a catfish and a shrimp each and they were possibly the worst I've had in the city. At $10.50 for a 10", that's kind of unforgivable (Shit, that's more expensive than Quarter-staple Verti Marte!). They were all bread, with the catfish only boasting two small tenders and a boatload of mayonnaise. I love the kitschy look of the place but I'll pass on the sandwiches. I can't speak to their hot food, and I didn't check the beer or cigarette prices, but I feel like a perfect rating is not deserved by this old standby as a po'boy joint.REFRESHING NORMALCY IN THE MARIGN-WATER! Plate lunches are just $7 and include an entrée and 2 sides.  Welty's, Parkway Bakery, Reuben's, Cooter Brown's, Johnny's, etc. are more limited to soups/salads/sandwiches.
COPS & CAB DRIVERS EAT HERE!  Like our best neighborhood Po Boy shops: Guy's, Gene's, Sammy's, Melba's, Singleton's, Verti Marte etc; it's where the workers eat.
UNCHARACTERISTICALLY WELCOMING.  Why is it that so many New Orleans Po Boy shops have the grumpiest employees in the city? (e.g. Verti Marte, Gene's, Toulouse Grocery, Serio's, Nellie Deli, etc.)
FRADY'S IS VERY AFFORDABLE; unlike many, cocky $10-Plus prima-donnaurants: Killer Po Boys, Mother's, NOLA Po Boys, Court Tavern, etc.Hand's down the best po'boys you can get. The shrimp po'boy was perfectly seasoned, while the roast beef was simply out of this world. The bread pudding was simple and perfect. Off the beaten track, to be sure, but well worth the trek from the French Quarter.Hands down the best fried shrimp and oyster poboys on downriver side of Canal street. Family run, super nice folks. Love their sign "No wifi at Fradys, sit down and talk". FYI Guys Poboys is tbe best above Canal.Fantastic shrimp poboys. Perfect for breakfast. Best thing I ate on the trip. Lots of cool characters hanging and eating too. Fucking do dat!Loved this place for decades  Mr Frady rarely is there now and it has changed It has become a haven for some very nasty characters  beer cans litter the outside and street people sit there drinking beer they don't even buy from Frady's .What a heartbreaking thing to see this  neighborhood meeting place turned into a dive bar. People shy away now. especially women. Drunks  show up early take all the seating and create a ugly environment. I was verbally assaulted more than once .Kirk refused to respond  and I'm not the only one. The women who work there suffer the same treatment.One morning I Was physically assaulted and I'm 67 years old. At one time neighbors met there to eat and talk .The employees cant fight back jobs are scarce. The sign saying grumpy old man breakfast is a hint.Frady's is a super-friendly neighborhood establishment to get fresh home cooked breakfast and hot daily specials to take out for lunch and dinner. Get eggs anyway you want it for breakfast, hot meals and po-boys for lunch/dinner or coffee and maybe a beer anytime of day. There are cold cuts for sale, deviled eggs to die for and a modicum of groceries. There are a few covered outside tables to enjoy the neighborhood and the weather. This is one of the few breakfast places that opens at 7:30. Normally they close at 6 PM but on Saturday they're open until 3pm. Did I mention the Grumpy old man breakfast? (two eggs, home fries, Bacon and toast).This gem serving breakfast, po-boys and hot plates is holding strong in a neighborhood quickly changing. 
Family owned and operated they make the BEST muffaleta in the city! The olive salad is not overly salty, the cheese and meats mix wonderfully with the bread. 
Make sure to ask the person behind the counter to warm it up for you.
Ps. Don't be afraid of the fellas drinking a cold one outside, they are as friendly as can be.I didn't even know that a poboy could have roast beef in it before I came here. It might be the best thing I've put in my mouth since I've been in New Orleans. Do yourself a favor and come here ASAP!!!!Man... The best poboys!!! Fresh ingredients! They will also split large sandwiches with two meats. I like half crawfish and half shrimp. Also, try the deviled eggs!! The owners are also great people - so it a pleasure stopping there. Highly recommend!!!One of the few places left in New Orleans and the Bywater in general. Frady's is an old school corner food store serving great breakfast, plate lunches and poboys. Its a mom and pop family owned and run business which is always a plus. The star here is the breakfast, 2 eggs, choice of meat, grits, potatoes and toast for $5. Now that is my kind of breakfast. Only issue here is that I think they are cash only but with everything $10 or less you can easily find some change around for a great meal.If you're looking for an adventure and want to try a damn good po' boy this is it. Frady's is a neighborhood staple in Bywater and has been a corner store of some sort since 1871 and Frady's One Stop has been in operation since 1968. There is a reason this place has stuck around so long... it's a neighborhood meeting spot so all come to sit around the porch and chat it up. In addition to the good company, Frady's son and daughter twins are cooking up and cranking out some pretty incredible po' boys. A must try. As a matter of fact I'm craving a Frady's po' boy right now!!Love that this place is within walking distance. The catfish is amazing... crispy and flavorful. Got 3 sides: mac n cheese, cabbage and green beans with potatoes. The cabbage was the best. Nice and salty. The green beans and potatoes needed some salt and the mac & cheese was a bit bland. Husband had roast beef po boy and loved it. Will definitely be back to try the other items they haveYummy love these people and this place. The grumpy breakfast is so good. The plates are delicious. The poboys are on point. Everything is fresh and the for real the staff are hilariousSweet people work here! Ordered 3 shrimp po boys fully dressed to go. The lady on the phone taking my order was super considerate. We asked for hot sauce on the side and it sure did come with hot sauce. When we went in to pick up our order it was being finished. The only reason why I give 3 stars is because I noticed the shrimp were not deveined. It's just a personal preference to have the shrimps poop chute gone. Other than that this place is so cute and the po boy was good!The people here are super friendly. The food was really flavorful and fresh. We love the neighborhood so we sat on the patio to enjoy our Po Boys. They had a French fry one for my vegetarian partner!Holy crap- best Po- Boys in New Orleans. Small local one-stop, service was super nice and food was amazing :DA classic corner new orleans store with fresh poorboy sandwiches.,,great food drop in and get what you need .the sandwich are greatYou'll feel like you just walked into a corner store somewhere in a small town in the deep South. The food is as good as the atmosphere. If you go more than once, you'll probably see the same characters from your first visit still occupying the tables outside. Say hi.Just the nicest friendliest people ! And their food is great ! Always happy to enjoy a sandwich on the porch and talk to whomever is nearby.Been renting down the block from Frady's. Wife had to get a Roast Beef Po-boy the other day, so took a Uber to Parkway, been there before. Read the reviews for Frady's. So I convinced wifey I'll walk down to Frady's and bring back a Roast Beef Po-boy. Well, there's no reason to take a Uber ever again. The owner suggested I get cheese on my Po-boy. Swiss or Provolone. I said "you" choose. He said "Provolone and you won't be sorry". You have to listen to this man !!!!  I'm not sorry at all. 
Man, this Roast Beef Po-boy was ggoooodddd !!!!
Now my only dilemma is, how many of these Po-boys I can eat before going home. Oh, get a Zappo's with your Po-boy.This grocery store/deli is tucked away in a neighborhood just outside the French quarter. Eight years ago, my family stayed in a house close by and we stopped in for a breakfast sandwich. It was so good we returned 3 more times. Stopped in NOLA for a one day stay before making our way to Orange Beach and made a point to try to find this little store. Not remembering the name, we thought it would be impossible to find, but we found it and enjoyed another breakfast sandwich on our way out of town. Really nice people, great food and  very affordable! So happy we found it again!Great po-boys for cheap in a quiet neighborhood. The owners are very nice. And now I'm just writing cause this stupid app is saying my review is too short.When I think of New Orleans food this is what I envision! This hidden gem was right around the corner from my Airbnb and I read this reviews and knew I had to try! Now mind you I don't eat pork but I did that day! The roast beef was to die for! I had a mouth- orgasm.... And the red beans and rice with sausage was mouth-gasm worthy as well! I so can't want to return!I was recommended to have a po' boy here by a local, and oh lordy lord, it was incredible. I had the vegetarian french fries po' boy, and I still dream about it (haha). This is definitely one of my favorite spots in NOLA, and the staff were so incredibly sweet and friendly. I'm coming back here everytime I'm in NOLA!These days it seems like we're all rushing around, trying to keep up with our crazy lives and the latest hot trend. So it felt wonderful to take a step back in time at Frady's, a survivor of a simpler time.
To say it's a food store may be a bit of a stretch. There's one rack of shelves with some very, very basic grocery items, and a cooler mainly for drinks. But you're not here to make groceries, you're here to eat. I was traveling this time with a vegan/GF friend, so my diet thus far had been woefully deficient in traditional Louisiana fare. On my own for lunch on Saturday, I consulted Yelp and found Frady's about 4 blocks from our apartment. On Saturdays they don't do plate lunches, but po'boys? It's on! A half-size fried shrimp was only $7, hot and fresh, dressed enough to be messy and delicious but not gloppy. They didn't have bread pudding that day, but a couple of chocolate chip cookies were a nice treat.
The girl behind the counter was friendly, as were the other customers, obviously locals. Even the lack of air conditioning (there are fans) added to the down-home feel. At a time when it seems like New Orleans is trying to be another New York, San Francisco or LA, Frady's reminds me of how special it is, and should remain.This may be one of my favorite places to grab a poboy in the whole city.. do yourself a favor and skip all the tourist traps; find your way to Frady's, get their lg roast beef poboy dressed, with one of their yummy sides and go have a picnic on the river(or whatever your fav spot is) with someone you think is awesome. If you don't have an amazing day you picked the wrong friend but at least the food will still be amazingFrady's is a little gem in the Bywater. They're a no frills neighborhood spot, the people who work there I believe are the owners and they're super nice! We had breakfast and it was incredibly affordable and so good. I had essentially what I'd call a breakfast poboy, egg and cheese sandwich on French bread dressed. It was amazing. My partner had the grumpy mans breakfast. They've got breakfast all day, and there's great lunch options too.Po boys. The right way.  
Try the hot link sausage fully dressed. Your life will be better because of it.My brother lives in the neighborhood and suffers from mental illness. His appearance and demeanor make this obvious to the outside world, so he doesn't have many friends and often feels uncomfortable in public places.
Enter Frady's, my brother's favorite place on earth. 
The only place where I've ever seen him enter with his head held high. Why, you ask? Because the staff at Frady's are incredibly kind people who treat him with love and respect. They keep an eye out for him. They treat him like a human--like a friend. 
The food is delicious, but its the people who work here that make the place special. I'm glad they are part of the this neighborhood. They are what makes New Orleans a wonderful place to be.This place is a classic corner store, and a definite diamond in the hipster rough.  They have rotating home cooked foods, where $8 gets you a meat and three sides (all of which usually have meat).  They also make pretty decent poboys.  The best part about this place is the service - not only are they fast, but they are some of the friendliest people you will meet.  It's a refreshing alternative to many of the newer, recent offerings which focus more on trendy atmosphere rather than good food and service.Had a wonderful old style roast beef poboy with extra meat and mayonnaise. I liked my wet fingers when done.  Wet and loaded.  It was delicious.  Next time I will try the hot sausage.I'm new to the Bywater, and am really enjoying discovering all the hidden treasures in the 'hood. Frady's is definitely one of my new favorites!
A tiny hole in the wall, with a very old school New Orleans feel. I ordered some po boys. They slice the cheese and meat fresh! They have a selection of sides that changes daily. I had the mac and cheese and deviled eggs, both delicious. 
The bread was perfectly crunchy/soft! The staff were all very sweet. They have a cooler with beer/drinks. 
 Prices more than reasonable, I believe it's cash only, though. Such a cool little neighborhood spot, check it out!I am from New York, so being that Frady's resembles a corner store deli/bodega was impressive to me. Everything I read in the reviews were 100% accurate. The owner was so warm and friendly, as well as the staff. They were so kind to give me a cup of coffee while waiting on the food. My shrimp po boy was absolutely delicious, and my mom who is from New Orleans said that her hot sausage po boy was spot on and tasted right. They have perfect little outdoor seating that is covered, so go to Frady's rain or shine.AWESOME down to the goodbye Sir from the Cashier! A TASTE you can only get in NOLA! Service You can only get from a Family owned Family Managed Establishment! Meat and Drink like you like it! DELICIOUS!