My second trip to Nawlins in 93, brought me into Frank's for lunch. My friend and I ordered the stuffed artichoke and muffuletta to share before we even knew what a muffuletta was (reminded us of a Schlotzsky's original but oh so better!).... and here we are 25 years later and it's still around!
Over the years, I have had muffulettas in several other places in town including Central Grocery which the sandwich originated down the block, I like Frank's the best!
We typically sit upstairs on the balcony overlooking the Joan of Arc statue and the French Market... or just take it to go and sit by the river! 
Enjoy the "MUST DO" sandwich while in NOLA!Not what you would expect. It was about to rain on Saturday afternoon so we weren't being particularly picky when the waitress told us to come on in. I started with somewhat low expectations. The stairs are carpeted, worn out and filthy. 
We ordered up some food that and I was a little worried that crab and corn bisque might be a little too fancy for this place but it was great, every spoonful was covered in fresh crab meat. Even though we all had to spit out a few pieces of shell, i just figured this is the price to pay for freshness. We split a 1/2 muffaletta and we couldn't believe it. The olive salad was incredible and stuffed with garlic, capers and other veggies. Even Chris was drooling over it and he was working on a gigantic meatball po-boy. 
Even though the service was fast and friendly, I may have to grab a muffaletta to-go next time.First let me say I was here during Mardi Gras so I am sure these people were ready to kill some tourist. We actually set at a table that had not been wiped down from the previous table who spilled water all over the place. They simply put a piece of paper down and here we go. The only reason we happened on to this restaurant was because the Central Grocery was closed. Central Grocery has the amazing Muffelata Sandwiches. I had 5 Muffelata virgins with me and I really wanted them to try one. We ordered up 6 and enjoyed them. They are no Central Grocery but definately pulled me through in the pinch. Next time through town I will try another part of the menu.Mediocre at best. I strongly advise against the shrimp or crawfish fettuccine, way overpriced. It tasted like it consisted of three ingredients.. Pasteurized cheese, seafood, and pasta.   The waiters were annoying to say the least, and kept on and on about how it is a family owned and run establishment.. Yeah right. Go take a look in the kitchen and see for yourself. What really solidified that the food was horrible was my boyfriend's opinion that the food was horrible. He eats everything and never complains about food. Save yourself some money and an appetite and think twice about eating here.I was very impressed.  I never would've have been at this place without the recommendation from a friend who lives in New Orleans.  In fact the whole reason I was there was for a rehearsal dinner.  They did an amazing job with food and drinks even though it was very clear they were not equipped to handle a party of our size.  The food was still great, servers were friendly and can't wait to go back without 30 other people.Good service but disappointing food. Shrimp po boy was ok but the bread was dry. The chicken Caesar salad was good--chicken cooked well. The upstairs balcony definitely made up for any shortcomings though and the spontaneous parade was a bonus!TLDR: Buy a jar of olive salad in New Orleans. Take it home and make a sandwich.
Showing my aunt around New Orleans, we decided to have a Muffaletta sandwich since we had already done the beans, rice, crawfish and beignets.
We walked across the street to Franks, beignets in hand and asked to see a menu. We were hustled inside by a man and seated quickly by a woman who scolded us for bringing in outside food. The owner, I assume, seated in the back corner counting money also warned us we couldn't eat outside food. We tried to explain that we had only wanted to see a menu but no one listened. The two who had worked together to seat us, went back outside. Two young men talked at the bar while we sat there without menus for about 10 minutes. A different woman came back to the table to ask personal questions. Where are you from, etc. then, "Are you ready to order?"
Actually, no. 
We asked for menus. AGAIN. 
Looking at the menu, we realized the websites prices (we Googled Franks while sitting there) have not been updated or they had given us an evening menu. If I were alone, I would have bounced. Mentioning price mortifies my aunt, and she was buying so I just let her take the lead. There were no drink prices but we did not specify an alcohol for "bloody marys". So, we assumed $5 - $7. The waitress talked my aunt into a Pims cup drink that turned out to be $17. Ridiculous!
A whole Muffaletta is huge. It is $17. A half is $10. The waitress tried to sell us two halves. I was like, nah. My aunts friend got a regular sub. The meats on both sandwiches were basically the pressed rectangle you can get at any grocery store flopped on some basic  bread and popped into the oven. The fries were hot but soggy and not done. The ENTIRE time we were there, the three of us sat in near silence because the SEVEN employees were gossiping amongst themselves so loudly, we couldn't hear our own conversation.
The tab ended up being almost $100 !!!! which is COMPLETELY ABSURD. They had added a gratuity for a party of three. Also absurd.My aunt paid the tab and extra tip but it was nowhere near good.Ok Frank's you are known for a muffalata.  But why why do you have to make yourself a tourist trap with no pricing on kids meals and not informing guests that you charge an outrageous 4 dollars and 50 cents for Really really bad French fries.    68 dollars for a shrimp poboy and a half muff and a kids meal with no alcohol.  Sneak in Auto Gratuity for 3 and  You should be ashamed...   Table by us ordered crawfish at over 7 dollars a pound late in the season too.    The famous Crawfish Town USA is way less than that robbery.The waitress was nice as was the doorman.
Owner/manager sat near door and acted as martinet towards staff. Then as we were leaving he stood behind the bar and picked his nose.
Some issue between him, the chef and delivery. Should not have been played out in dining room. 
Gumbo served Luke warm and not great.
Fries were so-so and not very warm.
Sandwich was pretty tasty.
Not someplace I would come again.Stuck in the French Quarter on a Sunday and surviving off of alcohol and beignet's? Central Grocery will be closed. Well then, head over to Franks and sit outside on their balcony and watch the people go by while you eat a vegetarian poboy or muffaletta! 
Mhmm, after searching the quarter for anything i could eat, and being offered fried alligator on a stick countless times, I found a place where they were willing to make a greasy, oily, crunchy, olive-y sandwich just for me. My bloody mary was perfectly made. My grams said the olive salad (which she had a different name for) reminded her of her Italian mother's cooking so she bought me a huge jar of it! 
The interior is decent with Venetian murals on the walls. I like that it has a typical FQ balcony to enjoy the fresh air and views. Our waitress was super friendly. And, we ate there on a Sunday so there were constant who dat chants. The downstairs tables are all facing a television so you won't miss your game. I saw bowls of pasta going by our table and I might try one of those if I end up hungry and stuck in the FQ again. Oh, and the two people I was with split half of a muffaletta- they each had a quarter- and were stuffed!We ate at Frank's last night and the food was awful!  Ok, so I won't even try to figure out Creole Italian, since there is no such thing except in NO, but we got basic dishes, Chicken Parmesana and Veal Marsala.  The chicken was overcooked to the point that most of it wasn't edible.  It was more like plastic.  The veal was okay, but the marsala sauce was more like beef gravy than anything else.  Take it from a REAL Italian!  To top it off, our waitress was not even close to pleasant; she seemed to have a chip on her shoulder and didn't even make us want to stay for dessert.  Then there was the mistake of having to use the bathroom!  I won't even go into the gory details, but it was the worst I'd seen out here yet!  I should have known better than to try to find REAL AUTHENTIC Italian food in the middle of a place where they can't seem to settle on any particular culture.....oh well, it makes for an interesting vacation, anyway!!Terrible service. The whole staff got into a fight in the middle of the restaurant. Once the waitress realized we were sharing meals, she got instantly upset and treated us with disrespect the rest of the time. Way to expensive for what it was. What a shame.My husband and I went to Frank's for an early dinner.  We chose to eat outside, on the balcony.  It was very nice and we had the balcony by ourselves.  We ordered the Caprice salad which was enough for the two of us to share.  Then I had the ravilolis stuffed with ricotta cheese and my husband had the chicken parmesean.  Both were very good, and my husband said it was one of the best chicken parmeseans he ever had.  
The service was excellent, and I hardly recommend Frank's.  You won't be upset.I ordered the 1/2 Muffalatta and shared it with my friend. I was surprised to see how big a half of a 1/2 Muffalatta was enough food for me. It was my first time trying the Muffalatta and it was good, I would recommend sharing the 1/2 with a friend because you get a lot of muffalatta for your money. The customer service was okay, not rude but not friendly. Its probably because the restaurant is located in a very touristy area. Overall our meal was good, I would give it a 7.5/10.The muffuletta is amazing.  Eat upstairs on the balcony with a view of the Joan of Arc statue.
This is not the high-profile place to eat in the french quarter, but we make it a point to eat there as often as possible. It's the authentic diner experience that we want, and the food is awesome.
Service was excellent.Strongest Hurricane ever... The muffelatta was delicious. A Saints game was on, pretty lovely crowd. The service was good and fast, not over priced. For a place in the tourist area, it was better than expected. Bathroom was a little grimy, beware!Trust me, have dinner here one evening. This is such a great place. It's owned by 2 Italian brothers who were both there that night and both talked to us. The place just has this really comfortable feel to it. Andy was our waiter and he was great!! We ran into him standing outside of Franks as we walked by on our way to the French Market to get a Po' boy. Andy told me that I could get a Po' boy inside of Franks that was 10 times better than what I could get in the French Market and for half the price so we decided to give it a shot. I'm so thankful that we did! The Po' boy (oyster and shrimp) was so fresh and delicious! We also had the BBQ shrimp which doesn't really have BBQ sauce at all but they were so good. I could have stayed there all night just eating those. The whole dining experience was good. I'm already looking forward to going back to Franks  the next time that I am in New Orleans. If you go, ask for Andy. Also ask for the Tiramisu. Andy made it and it was perfect!!You're in NOLA... So it's gonna be pricey almost everywhere for everything. BUT knowing that, the proprietors of restaurants in the French Quarter could up the quality in various areas to compensate, such as the food itself. 
The service and atmosphere was actually very pleasant and comfortable, and we very much enjoyed our time there. Although the food felt a bit slap dash. Most notably was the pasta sauce with the viscosity of tap water, kept splashing it all over my shirt when stabbing my ravioli. I'd go back again... But only if I could get a balcony table overlooking the street.This place is a typical tourist trap with overpriced, average food. The waitress persistently tried to push us to order the most expensive items on the menu and add sides that we did not want to our order. The whole experience was uncomfortable... and made me feel like she was trying to trick us into spending morethe wervice was terrible expresso machine was very visible they did not know it was there paid $13 for two cups of espreeso the cup was ssooo big and a drop of coffee in it. very dissapointed.Great friendly staff. Food real tasty and authentic. Great garlic bread, nice and spicy.  Definitely must try.Not a bad place to grab some New Orleans cuisine, but there are no doubt better places around.  
The service at Franks was friendly, and got even better once we mentioned that we were in town to gut and rebuild homes.  They do they standard NO dishes including po'boys and muffalatas, but you can definitely get better ones elsewhere.  I believe the waitress said that their best thing was one of the pasta dishes, so it might be worth checking those out if you go.  
Depending on the time you go, there is a good amount of space for groups (you need to spread out around multiple tables though).  
There is an upstairs eating area too, as well as a balcony.after our vampire tour, we were looking for a spot to sit and grub. We knew we wanted a Muffaleta and while walking back to the downtown area, we saw Franks sign, "The best muffaletas"- we decided to stop and give it a try. We were greated by a friendly man with a "Brooklyn" accent. (We will call him Brooklyn) He suggested some great local beer for our drinks. As he described the menu, it was as if you could actually smell and taste what he was describing. The group ended up ordering: 2 muffaletas, an order of fettucine alfredo and an order of chicken parmesan. Holy Mother of god...the muffaletas (half order) was insanely yummy and the fettucine was to die for!!! the service was excellent. the food was beyond incredible. Next time were in New Orleans, were making a stop at Franks :)We had heard that this was a great italian place to check out..... the only italian i saw was a big RATATOULIE inside the eating area ... yes inside !!! If the owner got insulted cause I got up and left he is just lucky I even decided to pay for the soups we had !!! Was there on 07/12/12Best Italian food!!!! The chicken parm was the best I've ever had. And the homemade cannoli & tiramisu was beyond excellent!!!! It's a must eat place!!!!!Disappointing food. Crab & corn bisque
tasted like canned milk. Chicken Picatta 
had a gummy cornstarch gravy. No
 recommendation here.  Save your money.This place was recommended for the mufaletta's. In hindsight, that is what I should have ordered. The food was mediocre at best. I did taste the olive salad which was pretty tasty. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant.muffaletta was great, the red beans and rice was great, the chicken picatta...not so much but i think it just wasn't our taste. the waitress was extremely friendly (if not a little slow...she took our order then hung out on the balcony chit chatting with another customer for a good bit before putting our order in). but all in all, it was a good experience.Excellent!
My husband and I agreed it was like walking into my Nanny's house.  The employees, the smells, the tight squeeze and elbow rubbing with your neighbors.  It's everything I love about going to Holidays with my large Italian Family.
You have a problem with that stuff, then you are missing out on excellent food cause that's part two.
EVERYTHING WE HAS WAS AMAZING! 
They where busy as hell.  This is Mardi Gras week people, and everything came out perfect, on time, and FRESH! We came back here again last that night, and has totally different eats, and they where awesome as well.  The waitress even remembered us, where we were from, and what we had before.  She had to have seen 100 other people in the 6 hrs in between visits, and she was just as nice and personable as before. 
They where putting people though the doors, and everything was great.
Fried Calamari-best I've had in years
Muffuletta- warmed just s little bit, and perfection!  How do I make this at home?!  I live in Cali, so sad.
Mixed drinks- excellent
Salads- fresh, light, happy, no skimping here
Later on - visit two
Po Boys - SAY WHAT!?  SO GOOD!!!  We had three different ones and they where killer.
The second time we went there was about an hour till they closed.  The Owner Frank has taken a seat behind us to take a load off. The employees where cleaning up, but talked to us like family. I looked back and asked Frank.  "Are you the owner?"  He smiled and said yes.  I asked if he was in fact Frank and he said yes.  The picture above the door was his father Frank.  I asked you seem it's been a hard day.  "Yes." He said, "18hour days for a few weeks now." Wow!  I told him his establishment was excellent, and we loved everything about it.  
Again, everything was excellent, and they had been doing this for weeks.  When we saw Frank locking up one night from a cab I wanted to yell out the window at him, "You're Awesome!". Just another excellent New Orleans experience.  
Bottom line. EAT HERE!Went there with a friend after the Molly's at the Market parade. An employee outside the restaurant trying to bring customers in, was talking to us about the food they served. He was nice and we decided to give it a try. Gosh, was that a mistake. The waitress we got was horrible, very rude. Our food was ok, nothing great. Way too expensive for the quality of food. Top of that, we didn't receive all the food we ordered. Honestly, we didn't care to tell her. We wanted to leave the place. Horrible service and not that great of food.Went here to get muffalettas for the trip home only because Central Grocery was closed on Sundays.  Decent muffaletta, but I still preferred Central Grocery's.  Staff seemed unable to deal with a crowd and it was interesting to see the sandwich guy getting into words with the owner.  Luckily I got my muffaletta's to go, because staying there would have made me feel more awkward than I already was.Well ladies and gents, I would skip this one in Nola. We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms and seafood gumbo as appetizers, and mussels  marinara and a half muffuletta for our mains. The stuffed mushrooms  were ok, but they weren't very 'crabby' and they were a little dry. The seafood gumbo was watery and bland, which included a shelled crab leg that was inedible. The pasta itself was meh, it needed some sort of seasoning. The mussels however were very over cooked. The olive  salad on the muffuletta  was over powering and the carrots left an off putting taste. 
On top of the hardly edible food, the bill included a 18% automatic  gratuity for a party of 2!! The menu states an auto gratuity for parties for 5 or more.
The only reason for the second star was the rooftop patio and the gorgeous weather.Worst Po-boy I've ever had. And the service was horrible. Not even close to authentic NOLA food.The star goes to Jack for being a gracious host. The food on the other hand was not good at all. The calamari was a very skimpy order for $12.95. Do not order the Hurricanes. It taste like juice that has gone bad from sitting there for too long. The chicken parmigiana had no parmigiana on it. The $24.95 shrimp linguini had no flavor and the gumbo lacked what gumbo has - taste. When the bill came and what should have been around $50 turned out to be $115 not including gratuity. Definitely goes on the list of a place not to go to in New OrleansOK place with ok staff.  The food was good and our gumbo bowls were filled to the brim.  The muffaletta buns were a bit stale and bready.   We ate on the outdoor patio upstairs and had great views of the market shops and "Jonnie on the Pony".  We enjoyed ourselves but won't be back.  Eat at the market across the street.We came back for dinner after having the best calamari at lunch time and were equally pleased. Shrimp and marinara over angel hair pasta was the freshest I have ever tasted. The crawfish fettuccine Alfredo was full of delicious crawfish.  The red beans over rice was excellent.  An order of BBQ shrimp had the best sauce and a full portion was amazing,  so many shrimp and Italian bread to soak up that delicious sauce. Andy, our waiter (both for lunch and dinner) was so helpful and pleasant. He couldn't have been more accommodating. Thank you for a very enjoyable evening (and lunch, too). We highly recommend this place.This place was a disappointment. I was walking around the Jackson Square/French Quarter area, and wanted to get a quick bite and get out of town. I thought what better way for a fast New Orleans meal than a muffuletta. To be honest this was my second choice. The Central Grocery, a few doors down, was out of sandwiches. The muffuletta here was not bad. If I were to just rate the sandwich, I might give it three stars. The olive spread was the best part. They had a lot of jars of the stuff all over the place. I wish I had seen the brand name. It was good. But the whole experience was soured by the service. I was seated quick and the sandwich came out pretty fast. I was seated up front at a small table near the front door. Once I had my food, I never saw my waitress again. That is until she handed me the check. So, I ate the entire meal with an empty tea glass. She spent most of her time laughing it up with a big table in the back. They may have been friends or big spenders, I don't know. She didn't even know I had my food. She walked by my table and looked down at plate and was surprised I had eaten. Then she handed me the check, didn't say a word and went right to the table in the back to joke around some more. I wanted to get a cannoli for dessert, but I was never asked. I would have liked a refill of tea, but was never asked. I wondered if they sold the jars of olive spread, but was never asked if I was ok, if I needed anything, or how was my meal. My Mom was a waitress and managed a couple of restaurants. Good service isn't that hard. Especially for a place like this. Unfortunately my waitress was busy having fun at another table. I wish I remembered her name. I waited a while to get change back. Finally, with the change in my pocket, I was able to get close enough to amount owed with giving her a five cent tip. That was too much. But I didn't want to wait any longer. I will not go here again.We went to Franks to satisfy the desire to eat a muffuletta. However, when we left Frank's it was with a lighter wallet and a bad taste in our mouth. 
The bread on the sandwich was harder than a box of rocks. The waitress kept trying to upscale on alcoholic drinks and couldn't take no for an answer. #WeAreNOTDrunkTourists
The sad thing was the po boys did NOT include a side e.g. $13.95 for a hoagie, 1 large leaf of lettuce, one small piece of lettuce, two slices of tomato, and 9 shrimp was highway robbery.  To add insult to injury, the side of 20 fries was $4.50. 
The only reason why I would rate Frank's one star was for the $9 Bloody Mary. 
The worse of the worse was when the waitress lied and said we shorted her $20 on the bill. The only reason we just paid and left was because we had to go to the airport. 
Save your time, wallet, and tastebuds snd just go to Local Grocery 2 doors down. More locals were going there.You don't have to wait in line at Central Grocery. Go next door to Franks and get an authentic Italian muffaletta. We went on a locals recommendation who suggested that Franks was actually better than CG. He was right! Mine was amazing. So glad we stopped in here.Today we had the sweet potato beignets! Wow! They were awesome! Please try these soon. Biscuits are always good and breakfast has plenty options.Went with a big group (10 guys). We all tried something different and we all enjoyed.
I had the crab stuffed mushroom appetizer, along with a bowl of seafood gumbo and fried crawfish. Mushrooms and gumbo were out of this world. The crawfish was good but not great. Definitely worth another visit when I'm back.Our trip to Central Grocery turned into a trip to Frank's (since CG is closed on Sunday). I had my mind set on a Muffaletta and Frank's was decent. I got the $7.50 half Muffaletta. The whole is $12. The semi-plump fries were good too. 
The service was good, with a simple decor. I liked the upstairs area with a few tables on the patio for a nice Sunday morning bloody mary.The line at central grocery was too long so we decided to try out Frank's.
The muffaletta was tasty, and I would probobly be back for more next time I'm in town.Filthy, mediocre food, overpriced!! We almost walked out, we should have walked out!  I'm all about trying the local hole-in-the-wall places but this place was nasty! Where to start...the chairs, sugar packet holder, handrails, floor, all covered in a layer of grime.  I shudder at what the kitchen must look like if these were the common areas that the customer see. Then there was the food. It was mediocre at best and way overpriced. I've made better jambalaya from a box mix at home. Our waiter was nice, but even the lady at the front door who was all smiles while trying to get you in the door to eat, was kind of a b**** when we left. My husband said thanks and goodbye to her as we left and she barely acknowledge him. She looked right at him and kind of grunted a responce. Needless to say we will never be returning, and I highly recommend you don't waste your money. If I could give it zero stars I would.Really disappointing. The pasta was flavourless and the shrimp PoBoy was extremely dry. Not to mention the 18% compulsory gratuity they cheekily requested at the end - for only 2 people! 
Very over priced, bad food and unfriendly staff.If this had been my first experience to the food of new orleans I would not be back. Over priced and everything tasted as if came out of a box mix. Will not recommend.  terrible red beans and rice ,  gumbo had no flavor nor seafood or meat and the jumalya was just red rice.Our concierge recommended this place for Italian.  Don't know why, go somewhere else. It was dead when we arrived. Our server was kind of abrasive and handed us everything to pass our instead of placing it in front of us. She even handed my mom her plate that was very hot, reaching over the table and saying "watch out your plate is hot". 
Bread was ok, caprese salad was,dexent. I had the snapped jack and let me tell you, it was rubbery, smelled old and had a sour flavor. For $30, this dish was not worth it. I had to cut my fish with fork and knife. You should never need a knife with fish. I couldn't stomach more than 3 bites. I sent it back and they took it off my bill. 
Frank's looks like a place that used to be good a long time ago, but is overpriced and underwhelming.Who knew that Central Grocery store next door would be closed on Sunday?  I was dying to try out a muffaletta, so we ended up at this restaurant next door and I was really glad we did.  We shared an order of the muffaletta and it was absolutely amazing.  Now I really wonder what the real thing next door tastes like?! For about $15, you get a big muffaletta cut into 4 pieces... I don't know what it is that makes it so good.. could be the kalamata olives that gave it a tangy taste to it.. who knows.. all I know is that it was sooooooooo good!Muffaletta to go was ok, but not great.
Popped into this spot which looks like it should have the greatest Italian fare in all the world. Frank himself was sitting near the bar and made his people hustle to get me everything I could possibly want.
I want to go back here one day soon just to sit and enjoy a great pasta meal, as it that's what others in the dining room were doing.
Yet, I was there on a mission: to secure a muffaletta sandwich to bring back to a hotel room for my family.
Alas, the muffaletta is a weaker example of the art than are others with which I'm familiar. The olive salad was really quite good, and the meats not so bad. But the bread was way too thick yet lacking any special character or taste. Even though the sandwich had been heated as I asked, it still lacked a sense that it actually had been heated through. 
It served its purpose and kept the family sated for the evening. But, it was really too expensive when others of better quality can be had nearby.We just left this restaurant and are so disappointed that I wanted create this review. However, it looks like I don't need as there seem to be similar reviews!
Anyways, we ordered fettucine alfredo with meatball side, ravioli, combo gagliano, and a cup of gumbo.
All of which were sub par at best. The fettucine alfredo was bland and the meatball side barely livened up the taste. Ravioli was good, but the sauce is tomato sharp. Combo Gagliano tasted like seafood seasoning or Tony Chacharee. Gumbo was actually okay, but I would be surprised if it was fresh. 
The prices are FAR too high for the quality
The service was terrible. We had fries delivered to the table we didn't order, the bread knot didn't make it to the table, so we had to cancel. Then the waiter placed 2 other table's orders on our check. When we said we did not order this, they took the receipt and brought it back without any changes! So talked with someone else and got the check straightened and then she charged the 18% gratuity for mardi gras. However, we convinced her to remove the gratuity because everything was terrible. 
Absolutely recommend going to another restaurant and force this place to hire better servers, reduce their prices, and/or improve the quality of their food.You think this would be a hot dog place by the name but nah. Just really good Italian food. The customer service was the bomb. Like really. I've never been treated so good at a restaurant before! And the food was perfection. I got the roast beef sammy with the French dip and some stuffed artichoke. Yo, it was tasty. Balcony seating on a beautiful was cool too. I recommend fa sho.We are a party of seven, the waitress serving us was very rude! She was moody, disturbing, at one point she kicked the door next to us, banged plates and rushing us like we would be troubling her to work. Any order we placed or ask for information about, she criticized saying we were "wrong". Guys next to us got their dessert on a same plate because they run out of clean plates? They run out of napkins for us, the bill couldn't be split, and payment by 2 CC cards only. The topping cherry was that this waitress was forcing us to leave a 20% tip because we were a large party. (?) Never experienced such thing...Anyway, the food was ok, but sadly we left  with a bad feeling after being treated with such hostile attitude.It was bad. Really, Really bad. 
Apparently there are very few places open on a Sunday where one can get a po boy. Since we were leaving town on Monday at 5 am, we were a bit desperate. My brother and boyfriend and I came here after Johnny's Po Boys and Central Grocery were closed. 
My brother got a shrimp po boy, which at least was better than what the other two of us got (once again proving that frying anything can make it delicious). The roast beef po boys were HORRIBLE. The bottom half of the sandwich's bread had disintegrated due to the roast beef juices, the top half of the bread was kind of stale and hard (tore up the roof of my mouth eating it).
My boyfriend housed his sandwich because he was hungry and just wanted to get it over with, tasting the po boy minimally.
The shitty po boys were pricey (roast beef for $10 and shrimp for $13) and came with no sides. Overall dining fail.The food was very low end Italian, the tomato sauce was too sweet and the pasta gloppy, the service was terrible and our waitress/manager was pushing us to the most expensive dishes when you could her attention. Bigger tip I guess.  If you go avoid the ground level.Got "hooked in" by Joey. Super friendly guy and quite a salesman. 
Food was outstanding. Crawfish was seasoned just right. Mufaletta sandwich was the best I've had and was big enough for 2. 
Service was lovely. Our waitress made us feel at home and was more than happy to chat about NOLA. 
Definitely worth a try if you're in the big easy.Charming place. The first thing you notice walking in the door is the smell of olive tapenade and muffalettas. We ordered a margarita to go, but we said we would be back. Today we had lunch on the patio overlooking Decatur. Danielle was super friendly and the food hit the spot. Thank you New Orleans for the hospitality! Thank you Joey!aggressive folks out front trying to lure away the folks in line at central grocery next door. My pal is picky eater, so just waited in line while I ate my yummy yummy Central Grocery muffaleta sandwich. Then we went into Frank's. Staff was friendly and convinced us to order the "handmade" hurricanes. Very tasty cocktail but NOT very strong at all, so we were a bit surprised to see the $10.50 price on our check, but their prime tourist location allows for it, I guess.
Her salami sandwich was tasty & heated...melty cheese for the win!
I just got the tossed salad, which was a kinda sad plate of iceberg lettuce, topped with shredded carrots & red cabbage with 2 tomato slices & 3 cucumber slices. Decent balsamic dressing. It was $6.
So, it's a fine option, but in a city with such amazing food, don'twaste your time.My first Muffulletta!  I searched high and low; Yelp & the concierge at Hilton Riverside New Orleans both gave it high marks.  What can be so good about a deli sandwich with Tapenade?  No mayo?  No mustard?  Come on!  Being a huge foodie, I knew even with all the reviews, it all boiled down to me.  I ordered it.  I watched him stick it under the salamander and then walk away.  And he helped other guests, and he invited guests in, and he entertained the crowds with his quick wit and stories.  And I waited.  Watching it.  My Muffulletta under the salamander.  Calling out to me.  Johnny poured drinks, checked the tables, flirted a bit with the ladies... and all the while, the Muffulletta warmed up, slowly, surely, patiently.
It was the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  Johnny, the waiter/part-cook/bartender had insisted I buy a whole one ($15) instead of a half, because, believe him, you will want it again.  And I believed him and he was right!  I even had to repackage the 1/2 when I got to the hotel just so that it could fit in the tiny refrigerator.  Oh, and Johnny was also right about the tiramisu.  Wowza.  It took a while for the coffee to arrive, and if you want a serious, punch-you-in-the-stomach-while-punching-you-in-the-taste-buds coffee to counter the sinful tiramisu with imported lady fingers, then you've come to the right place.  They honestly care about what you put in your mouth.  
The doorman guy, a pretty common fellow, was upset that he couldn't "bring in the crowds" or whatever.  It was 8pm on a Wednesday evening.  He complained to Johnny,  Said the "F" word over and over and over and over again from across the room.  And over again. And again.  Did I look like someone he could say that in front of?  My hair was combed, my clothes were ironed, my diction was professionally-trained, my credit card was good...I heard Frankie tell him to take the day off tomorrow and come back Friday.  I hope the guy uses that day off to get a decent job.  At a gas station.
But Johnny was glad I was there.  Johnny had become my best friend.  And the Muffulletta had become my best sandwich.  I have 4 more days here in NOLA for my vacation, and I already know I won't buy another Muffulletta anywhere else.  Why bother?  Once you've had the best, take comfort in it and move on, climb the next mountain.  Franks' Restaurant was a total winner.Great cocktails, good service,  and good food. We ordered the chicken parm, oyster platter, and calamari and really enjoyed it.There's bad food, there's bad, over priced food, there's bad, overpriced food served with utter disdain for the customers in a restaurant devoid of atmosphere and with a bathroom that has the cleanliness of a gas station. The fact that this place is even still open in a town like New Orleans which has some of the best food in the country is shocking. There is no excuse for this restaurant. Everything was terrible. Frozen, tasteless french fries, the worst Muffalletta I've ever had, garlic bread that was worse than the stuff they served in my elementary school cafeteria. The bloody mary was decent. Go elsewhere. Even if it's a horrible downpour and you are getting soaked and want to get out of the pouring rain. Go across the street to one of the food stalls in the Frenchman's market. Not even one star. A total ripoff.Food was mediocre at best. Service was awful. Waiters had the personality of a dried up leaves. They fought amongst themselves in front of patrons, creating an awkward atmosphere. Given all the awesome food spots in NOLA, don't waste your time (and especially your money) here.Worst experience of my life!!! Unfortunately the food looked wonderful but we walked out without paying. I have never done that in my 60 years! The waiter was so rude. He screamed at us, talked very loudly to other patrons about us, swore at us, and just treated us so awful!!  One of the ladies in our group asked if garlic bread came with the entree. His response was "if you read the menu you would know that it doesn't ". When the food came I asked if I could have a napkin and silverware as I was never given any. His response was "your silverware is in your napkin if you would look". I told him that I never received any and he went ballistic!! His name is Mark. If he is still there I hope you don't have him as a server. So unprofessional!!!  He screamed at us and swore at us as we were talking to the manager so hopefully he is no longer employed there.My husband and I stopped in New Orleans on our way to Texas and he really wanted to try the gumbo New Orleans is famous for. I prefer to search yelp but my husband wanted to be adventurous. Bad decision. We were lured into Frank's by a women on the street promoting the restaurant. I was intrigued by the upstairs patio that overlooked the french quarter. My husband ordered the gumbo he had been craving and I ordered meatball sub. The food was disappointing to say the least and now my husband appreciates my yelp addiction, lol. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is for the view.Seven of 4 and I stumbled upon Frank's Restaurant because Central Grocery is closed on Sunday's and we craved a muffelatta for breakfast.  The service was great, the red beans and rice were awesome, the bloody mary was even better, and the muffelatta was fantabulous.  I would recommend place to anyone.We were cold, and the nearby famous grocery store wasn't going to cut it for lunch. I still wanted a muffuletta, and a guy in front of Frank's was trying to chat people in to the restaurant. So we headed in...
We sat down, and I checked in via Yelp. I also started reading reviews, and I started to get worried. Here we were, just like so many others, eating here by default.
Well everything we had was great. The muffuletta was huge and fantastic. Between that and two cups of soup we easily fed a family of four. The gumbo and corn and crab chowder were both delicious. My sister raved about the shrimp po'boy, since in her opinion the shrimp was perfectly cooked.
I didn't remove a star for the prices. They were high because we were in a high tourist area. Expect $10-15 / person easy. I took off a star because the decor, chairs, etc. felt old and tired. Otherwise it was great.Thus is the place for creol shimp gumbo.   The best in the city.  You can see this family. Own restraundhe hard  working staff and the great effortCame in to try the muffuletta and I wasn't really blown away to be honest. I mean for what it is, its a good sandwich. But this isn't an Italian sandwich and if I didn't have to have another one every again I wouldn't be upset. 
If you've never had one though, this isn't a bad spot to try a muffuletta. Lots of meat and a good flavor on the olives. Not sure if I would get anything else on the menu though. 
Wait staff is a little crass and not in the funny. I was immediately ordered to sit down at the front table while the owner was two tables away talking loudly on the phone discussing business. Then it appeared as if the owner and one of the waiters started to fight. Not really up to the New Orleans standards of food in my opinion.Do not eat here, terrible food matched by worse service. We had a party of 12 and the cigar smoking jerk behind the counter wouldn't get off his staff long enough to let them work. The food was awefull, nobody could finish. Do not eat here, New Orleans has many other better options available.The food is decent for fast food or a chain, but this is supposed to be a real restaurant. Nothing was bad, but nothing was great either. We tried the gumbo and fettuccine alfredo.  The price for those basic dishes was reasonable, so if you want a quick lunch, that is an option. However, if you want anything nicer, the prices suddenly double for no apparent reason. I think I would sum it up with this: It is a decent tourist trap. In New Orleans,  there are many better places to go and also with better prices.I am giving this one star because the food was actually good.  That is the only positive thing I can say.  The waitress got the appetizers incorrect to start with, then when we had questions about another dish on the menu, we didnt order it, yet 5 minutes later it was delivered to the table.  She asked a member of our party if we wanted bread which is usually free any other place you go, unknowing that they charged $5.00 for a few pieces of bread he said yes.  Then when our bill came, the itemized bill had an entirely different tables order and didn't match the amount on our receipt. So a $30 tab ended up a $60 tab. Don't go in when the front door person tries to get you in, if you do be very careful what you order, and check your bill carefully!This restaurant is not worth your time. It is completely geared toward toursists, who have no idea what muffuletta is. We had to wait 45 minutes for our food when the restaurant wasn't even crowded and they forgot our appetizer. The waitress took my water glass to fill it up and never brought it back. The po boy was just ok. I think there are better places to spend your money at.A must stop spot!!! The ambiance was great, the food was even better...delicious! Kathy provided is with amazing service, even my service dog, Ranger, was well attended to. He got cool water and spoiled with some homemade salami! Our meals were great. My barbecued shrimp was the best I've had. Whenever I'm in NOLA, I'll definitely hit the French Quarter to eat here and say hello. They made us feel at home.Lots of fried food, mostly also microwaved. The carpet upstairs has a layer of food on it, I sat next to a smashed meatball, I think. The fries were just barely cooked. It's a tourist trap, I was lured and fooled.Absolute garbage. Got the order wrong, dirty old oysters, terrible old salad swimming in ranch. Avoid Avoid Avoid.Very good food. We got an oyster poboy and a half a muffuletta. The half can feed two people!! It was excellent. The bread was fresh and crisp. Great service, too. Definitely add it to our list of places to go!STAY AWAY.   Shame on me, I should have looked at Yelp before I grabbed something here.  Yelp had it right.  
I will start by saying that I know better to get crawfish in the quarter.  That said, I ordered 4 lbs of crawfish on my walk back to the hotel on a trip to Nola.  Got to the hotel and half of them are bad, rotten and rancid.  Tails were curled, so they were live when they hit the water, but were clearly not fresh and had seen better days.  Called to tell them they were bad and he offered me another pound; a nice gesture but don't want more of the same.  Beyond that, I was out of luck.I ignored the bad reviews and tried this place anyway... and it was freakin' awful.   trust me.   if central grocery  is closed, still don't go here.   it is absolutely filthy.. flies all over... and the muffaletta is tasteless.   worst food experience in 14 years of coming to nola.
The muffaletta tasted like it was made with cheap american lunch meat...even the cheese was tasteless!    
Our  waitress was actually very nice...and service was good.  But that didn't change the filth and bad food.     We got there right when they opened and there was still food and debris all over the floor from the night before.If you like good service, good food, clean atmosphere DO NOT ..I repeat -   DO NOT go to Franks!!! 
We wanted to go to the Italian place down the street which we were told PRIMO YUMMO....  however hungry stomachs could not wait the two hours for a seat at 730pm on a Saturday night.  We thought next best would be Franks ... NOT ....
My friend who is Italian said the food was not good version of Italian food.  She didn't know what they were doing to the food.  The stuffed artichoke was more like a blooming onion with stove stuffed stuffing on top.  Beware NOT to ask for additional balsamic vinaigrette unless you want your lettuce swimming in the vinaigrette.  The bread was nothing more than hamburger buns buttered with some herbs.. you get 2 full buns for $4.75.  What Italian place doesn't have fresh Parmesan cheese?  A BAD ONE!!!
Be sure to ask for exact prices when ordering.  Watch out, you might get charged a fee for asking for chicken on your fettuccine ... a $10 fee.  Had we known it was going to be the same price as the shrimp fettuccine, we would have gotten the shrimp NOT CHICKEN.  On top of that find a long hair in your pasta after you have already eaten more than half the dish.  GROSS!!!  You think the owner/wait staff would be accommodating and want to fix the issue.  HELL 2 THE NO!!!!
The wait staff tried to pretend she didn't see the hair.  Where is the hair?  Then she finally took the dish and we asked to talk to manager.  Then she comes back saying nothing she can do and since my friend ate the food she has to pay ..Really like any one of us would have eaten the food if knew that a hair was swimming at the bottom of the plate.. would anyone?  Then the waitress says that the manager/owner doesn't want to talk to my friend.  My friend asked where the owner was and that she would go to him to speak.  After several repeat requests to speak with the owner the waitress pointed out a drunk guy at the bar and said that he was the owner.  The drunk guy gets really rude with my friend and then find out he was not the owner.  Once we found the owner he made racial comments to my friends.  Yes my friends were black SO WHAT!!!  
The waitress decided to charge us 12.95 for the dish with the hair AND a $35 tip.  I suspect the waitress took back the receipt to add the gratuity.  
So in a nutshell - this place will suit your needs if you want the above experience.  Otherwise stay far away!!Our first time to New Orleans and came across this gem.  Waiter Andy was very attentive and made us our very first poboy sandwich. Delicious can't describe it enough!!!  Definitely worth coming here!!  Good luck learning to surf in Cali this summer, Andy.Mediocre service, and sub-par food.  We walked in and asked for a table for 2 and the staff behind the bar and waiter or host all laughed and sent us upstairs to ask for a man but there was only a woman working upstairs outside smoking that didn't see us for a few minutes. Ordered the cheese ravioli, pretty sure the sauce and ravioli both came from a freezer. I've tasted better canned ravioli. It was so bland it was hard to eat. The garlic bread that we got appeared to be stale bread that they toasted and buttered but it seemed quite dehydrated and hard.