Just found out my last visit that they actually make several of their salad dressings and dips in house. The blue cheese is especially good, very tasty and with a TON of blue cheese chunks. The house special is a cajun dressing that is excellent as well.It's in walking distance of the house I was staying at so that was fairly convenient. Some of the food was really great, some of it not so much!
Alligator soup was barely edible, weird seasoning and poor temperature. All over not so good. The red beans and rice, was in fact white beans and rice, which i felt was odd, but the flavor was ok. 
Their fried seafood platter was pretty good, but a small portion for the price. The potato salad was more like mashed potato salad, but really really tasty! The best thing on their menu was definitely the Muffuletta! Sooo yummy, and reheats pretty well.
Well stocked bars, and friendly bartenders. Not much for ambiance, but definitely worth a trip! Specially for that delicious Muff!Bar in the front features $2 Twosdays with $2 pints and martinis and half-price pitchers.  And has its own parking lot!  In the back is a number of red-checkered tables with waiter service.
Menu features typical New Orleans style fried platters and boiled seafood by the pound, in season.  Bloodies and crawfish pie and were a good way to start the meal.  We did come here to try the po-boys, but I don't think Frankie and Johnny's quite makes the roster* (maybe po-boys are just better when ordered from a counter).  But I'll definitely be back try out the rest of the menu!  And/or those Tuesday specials.
*my roster of options for my semiweekly shrimp po-boy, that isAn Uptown institution, F&J's can be crowded so there might be a wait.  Good bar and better food.  All the seafood on the menu is good, and make sure you start with either onion rings or Bell Pepper rings, both cut in house and fried sweet.  The stuff crap is good too, and the hot turkey sandwich is nigh-perfect.  I reccomend eating here in a big group, which this place seems made for.  Good gumbo.After waiting about 5 minutes for a server to address us, I went big, not home.  I started with the alligator soup and  then moved on to the seafood platter (oysters, stuffed crab, catfish, and shrimp).  
The soup was all right, nothing outstanding.  I'm a little torn on alligator, it really does taste just like chicken, but it's more expensive.  I feel like I enjoy ordering it just for its novelty.  What I'm saying is that I wouldn't order the soup again! It was pretty damn spicy and had a funky after taste.  Not bad, but not good.  The seafood platter overall was great.  I was looking forward to the stuffed crab the most, the way it was described was very similar to a crab cake, and it was the biggest letdown of the meal.  It didn't taste fresh and it had a really odd aftertaste, I couldn't finish it.  It was bad.  The best was the catfish, huge portion (felt like 8oz), super moist, nice and crunchy.  If I ever make it back to this place, I'll just get the catfish! And ask for the sauce that comes with the gator balls, it's like a spicy aioli, don't bother with their house sauce, it's not that good.  
I also got to try some of their other items, like alligator balls (which tasted just like chicken nuggets) the fried green peppers, which were awesome, and boudin balls, which were also awesome! 
I thought the service was fine, it was a little rough in the beginning, but she shined in the end.  It was really busy, every table was taken, so it's understandable that our server got a little busy with things.  But I would definitely make an effort to come back here.Great, casual place to eat.  Very friendly and feels like home.  If you're looking for something fried and don't feel like dressing up it's the place to go.  Good seafood.This place is the epitome of all that is tasty and great. Po'Boys, Crawfish boils, fried everything...right off the street that no one can pronounce....Tchoupitoulas. Oh I love it. I love NOLA. I love Franky and Johnny's. Oh yeah, this is not a good date place.Seriously, we would drive here from Austin just for their Fries with Cheese & Debris! Oh soooo good! Their pepper and rings are yummo too. I had their Red Beans & Rice w/Smoked Sausage and was pleased. Our friends, however, had their crawfish and was a little disappointed, but we aren't sure if these are just fixed different in LA than they are in TX.  Wish they had more outdoor seating...We came here for crawfish and we left after eating a mess of them.  The crawfish were good but could have been better in a few key ways.  The flavor and spice were really good but they didn't come out hot enough (temperature-wise).  Also, there weren't any potatoes or corn in the boil.  Or if there were, none made it to our table.  However, the lack of potatoes resulted in a delicious discovery because we ordered some fried pepper rings to make up for it.Crawfish were amazing (and worth the work!).  However the gumbo was so salty I couldn't eat more than two bites.  Since this place came highly recommended by a friend who is a local, I'd like to think this was a fluke (a kitchen accident that day perhaps).  The place is definitely a 'hole in the wall' which is always where you find the best crawfish anyway!  French bread was delish, fried green peppers were just OK, but then again I'm not a huge green pepper fan.  Boudin Balls were mushy but the sauce was tasty.   Beer was ice cold (further enhancing my 'crawfish experience').  Recommending it for the crawfish and beer alone.  Service was great also.How do you not love the neighborhood dive where nothing ever changes. NOTHING. EVER. Great Fried Seafood and red beans.Tourists will have to venture far away from the French Quarter, but Franky and Johnny's is totally worth it.  We went for lunch on a Saturday to avoid the evening crowds.  The atmosphere is perfect--dark walls, jukebox, red checkered tablecloths, and today's specials written on a chalkboard.  Our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.  We started with alligator soup (sweet and spicy) and a crawfish pie (good, but overpriced) and two Nola Blonde beers (perfect and cold.)  Next, we moved on to deep fried green pepper (why don't they make this everywhere--so delicious), alligator nuggets (batter covered and deep fried to perfection) and a soft shell crab po'boy.  My husband and I don't understand the hype over po'boys--really,  its just a sub sandwich, but Franky and Johnny's po'boy is certainly as good or better than the others we tried in New Orleans.
The peanut butter pie is phenomenal.  No matter how full you think you are after all that deep-fried deliciousness, you simply have to find room for this pie.  Do not miss it.Based on the reviews, I was a little disappointed in my visit to Franky & Johnny's.  We showed up on a rainy day looking forward to some hot new orleans food.  The fried pepper rings were delicious (and I'm not a big fan of bell peppers).  We were disappointed in our entrees, both were very undercooked (sausage and hamburger steak).  The flavor was also not my favorite, but it wasn't terrible.  I hope to think my experience was a rarer case and that I will go back for a second try.  The good thing was the cost was on the lower end.We have just come from Franky and Johnny's, and yes, it is Good Friday in NOLA, and therefore, people eat seafood and no meat. First, we were greeted by a server who proceeded to tell us that she had been there since 7 am, and it was 2. Then, she grabbed the napkin dispenser off of our table, filled it, and slammed it down at the edge of the table. So, maybe she was having a bad day, considering there were many large tables of tourists in there. We ordered a stuffed artichoke, which was extremely greasy and tough. The leaves would not pull out, and if we pryed hard enough, the stuffing went flying everywhere. So, we sent it back, which we never do, and the waitress (our waitress, who was sweet, unlike Miss Personality who greeted us), told us that she took it off of our bill, and then proceeded to tell us that they often have this problem--that the chef overcooks them, which we noticed from the blackness of the leaves. Our food arrived--the gumbo was very oversalted, the potato salad tasted odd, with too much sweet relish in it, the fried oysters were neglected in the fryer, and they were stuck together and the batter not crispy, and some of the fried shrimp were not peeled adequately (the legs and some of the peeling from the middle of the shrimp were on a couple).
We went there to give them another try after another bad experience a few months ago. I will never eat there again. Their sister restaurant, Zeke's on Metairie Road, is bad, too. They were even featured in one of those TV shows where they try to fix the restaurant. I think that instead of that Ramsey guy on TV, this place needs a visit from Robert Irvine, the other TV chef who fixes restaurants like this. Bad food, bad service, out of date/dirty atmosphere. I wish them luck.Great seafood resteraunt with friendly service. Boudin balls and Poboys are to DIE FOR!!!I would give Franky and Johnny's a 3.5. It is a bit beyond A-OK, but I am not quite sure I am a fan.
With its casual vibe, red-and-white checkered table cloth, and uneven floor, this place looks very much a neighborhood joint. The waitresses were friendly and helpful -- they even gave us a sample of the crawfish etoufee when it became apparent that we have not tasted it before. 
We ordered the crawfish etoufee and the oyster platter. The food was prepared relatively quickly and the portions were huge. The crawfish etoufee satisfied my cousin (I didn't try it) and the oysters were quite good. For dessert, we shared the white chocolate bread pudding. It was delicious but a bit too sweet for my liking. 
Even though the food was a bit better than mediocre, we paid over $50 for our meal. In other circumstances, this would not really be such an issue, but we left the place feeling that we slightly overpaid for our meal. We both felt that we could have probably gotten a better meal somewhere for less than $50.
We liked the vibe but were less than impressed with the food, so we probably would not be going back.I love this neighborhood greasy spoon! They have the best fried onion rings.Great place if you are looking for a cold beer and good food. We make a pilgrimage here everytime we are in New Orleans. Crawfish are outstanding, muffalettas are great. Crawfish and shrimp pie great. Eat with the locals at a no thrills place.Damn good local food served by locals for locals.
Delicious and amazingly fresh fried seafood is always a draw.  I wasn't a huge fan of their po-boys, but I'm insanely picky in that regard.
The pepper rings (think onion rings with bell peppers) are an all-time favorite.
Can't beat this place with a stick.  Cheap too.  Cash only.how disappointing.  i had the red beans and rice and softshell crab - bland, bland, bland - nothing remarkable.  this place used to be good a loooong time ago.  would not recommend it.This is one of my husband's favorites. When you're in the mood for a quick dinner and don't have the desire for anything fancy, this is the place. You have to walk through the bar to get to the seating, which isn't always ideal. However, I attack their onions rings and roast beef po'boys.I went to Franky and Johnny's with no idea of what to expect. From the outside, the place looks like a dump. I was wondering if the food would be any good. Inside is a bit nicer, but it's pretty much one of those hidden, local treasures. I had a salad with french dressing and the french was honestly the worst I had. I then had fried shrimp and fries. The shrimp was delicious, but the fries were nothing special. Overall, it was an ok experience and I may go back.A great local place for po boys and delicious onion rings!not a single complaint. belly full and paid with a smile. i wanted to barf so i can eat more.In search of a muffaletta near Tulane on a Sunday, after a little digging I found Franky & Johnny's (although I later discovered that much closer, Cafe Freret also has it on their menu. *sigh*).  When I walked in it was dark and uninviting, it appeared to be more of a bar/hangout spot. I was skeptical but yelp said the food was good and I needed a muffaletta so I ordered my to-go order. 
To sum it up I wouldn't get the muffaletta again.  The bread was either old or just crappy bread. It was dry and crumbly. The olive spread wasn't anything memorable either. I also got the chicken sausage gumbo.  To be fair, I had never had gumbo, so maybe I just don't like gumbo? but it was not very good.
Nothing I ate was horrible, it just wasn't great.  If your not a foodie, you might like this place. For me, not so much.My friends and I went here on our last night in New Orleans. We were looking for a place with crawfish but most places were out. We ended up going here because of the positive reviews. The food was good but it wasn't anything special. And it was also more on the expensive side. Service was good but I probably won't be going back to this place next time I'm in nawlins.Franky & Johnny's was only a few blocks from where I lived in my pre-vegan days - and I remember fondly their hot boiled crawfish, gumbo and etouffe.  But what I really love - and what I dragged my friends to F&J to eat was the fried green bell pepper rings!  We had two orders, plus some other sides - and they both had gumbo and other meat-y things.  I had a giant cup of sweet tea and we laughed heartily about the stainless steel flatware in wax paper envelopes (sanitized for your protection?).  The jukebox is an anachronism to someone who is stuck on a 50s hit parade of crooners and the service always quite down-home.  I highly recommend it - even if you just go for fried green bell pepper rings and a Turbo Dog - it's worth the stop!I was a little disappointed based on the reviews. I thought it was going to be better, nevertheless their deep fryers work just fine. Food tended to be on the greasy side of things.Known for it's local food.  I love visiting.  The boiled crawfish is always HOT.  Very easy to get to, parking is next door and I love their specials.    I LOVE their po-boys and red beans and riceI went to this place a few times. The food was actually pretty good. I got to try crawfish for the first time here. So yeah this place left me with a very good first impression. Its your typical neighborhood dive. The waitress was pretty friendly. I will say that some of the food on the menu can be a little pricey but overall it is worth it to check out!Franky & Johnny's is a no frills dive located in a quasi-residential area.  I must say that the food is good and the service is even better.  The ice tea was exceptional, but the rest of the lunch was just OK.  The shrimp platter tasted good.  It was fried in batter with butter and milk.  The food was fresh, but not exceptional in any way.  The server was first rate and it made an otherwise mediocre meal worth noting.
It is an adequate place for lunch, but I felt it was too pricey considering a neighborhood bar atmosphere.This place is awesome! I would recommend getting a platter though because the bread on their po boys isnt so great. I wanted good fried oysters and went here instead of Houston's; saving a lot of money in the end. The seafood was fresh and the service was attentive. Our waitress cleared unused items immediately and didnt make a single mistake even when I asked for a high life with a cold glass she knew to bring a new cold glass with my second beer. I had the seafood gumbo as an appetizer and that was tasty too.In what can only be described as a quintessential 'New Orleans neighborhood restaurant' Franky & Johnny's serves up great local food and flavor at a price we can all smile at. Located Uptown near Audubon Park off of Tchoupitoulas, this place serves up great seafood, po-boys, fried chicken (damn good) and other local favorites (alligator, gumbo, soft shell crab, you name it). I have had the opportunity to dine here twice recently and let me tell ya', you will leave satiated and full and with money left over in your pocket to go bar hopping. 
When (not if) you go, do go with a group so you all can sample each other's orders. My personal favs are: the 1/2 fried chicken, shrimp/oyster po-boys (dressed of course), and mufulettala. You can also get boiled shrimp and crawfish, but you can get that from just about any seafood shop in the city. 
The place itself is nondescript on the outside, but an institution nonetheless.  A large bar, plain tables covered with red and white tablecloths, and ice tea in huge plastic cups (size does matter when eating hot 'n spicy food) await you inside. Atmosphere is definitely casual and the crowd is unmistakeably New Orleanian with some Uptown flavor. A good place to bring friends, relatives and kids to sample some Big Easy staples. None of that fancy food here, just good, high quality southern comfort food.I'm never going here ever again.
I love etoufee, I love gumbo.  They had both on special that day, I strayed away from the fried seafood thinking the special had to be good. It was completely disgusting. Both were basically so boiled down and under spiced that it all was just a thick goo. A disgusting brown thick goo. Everyone knows that isn't how either of those dishes should taste.
I will never go back again as long as I remember that night.
If you go, stick to the fried food, that was the only stuff I had that was good. But I can't forgive someone who messes up such iconic dishes.Good local flavor in New Orleans
Local joint servicing college kids, food is tasty.  I started with the Gator Bites special, good (not the best gator I have had).  Then tried the Catfish Po-Boy, delicious, hot, tasty.
No tourists hereI am finding  Franky & Johnny's going down on each visit.  I am worried.  I love this place, I love the parking, I love the basement.  I am finding though the food is now spotty.  I don't know whether there is a new chef, cook, or new recipes.  I love their daily specials, their crawfish was always REAL spicy, and their bean recipes could not be beat.  They need to kick it up a notch though because some of the dishes are not the same.You don't go to F&J for fried crap you go for the raw oysters (when in season), boiled crawfish (when in season), poboys (best roast beef poboy in NOLA) and beer. Order any of what I've mentioned I guarantee you won't be disappointed.This seafood joint belongs at the lakefront...but the lakefront "ain't there no more."  So it's a good thing they are uptown.
Excellent fried everything.  And I am partial to their iceberg lettuce salads.  The stuffed artichoke would keep vampires away, in a good way.A local establishment that never seems to make it on National lists, although it should be.  Old style bar and restaurant, always good boiled seafood and it's just as good fried.  Don't go there too late on a Friday during Lent though, or there won't be any food left!This is a great mom and pop place to have an Abita and a couple of pounds of bugs. Throw in a side a fried bell pepper rings, and maybe another Abita and you have one good afternoon.So Lynn and I have been joined for the past couple of days by Shotaro Kamio, executive chef of Yoshi's in San Francisco, and his wife Monica.  One of Sho's strongest memories of being in the Crescent City some 10+ years ago was a crawfish boil, and so we headed over to Franky & Johnny's for lunch . . . 
This is a WONDERFUL neighborhood dive, and honestly, I wouldn't change a thing . . . 
The Abita was cold; the fried pepper rings and boudin balls were hot and delicious; and the crawfish was wonderful . . . six pounds and a few beers later and we were all happy campers!So glad they have RE-OPENED! The food was good before and is better now. The place is lighter and brighter. I am so happy they have reopened. They have been missed.I frequented Franky's and Johnny's as a Tulane student.  Now back  after more than 10 years, it didn't fail to please   The deep fried Boudin Balls were lightly battered and served with a zesty horseradish sauce.  We also had a bowl of gumbo (best in NOLA) and shrimp and oyster po boys (very good).  The people next to us has boiled crawfish which looked appetizing.  It's worth the trip from other parts of NOLA for this great food.Nice service, bad timing on my part I guess. Only had boiled shrimp left- no crabs no crawfish no oysters brutal !!! Then ordered a lb of shrimp and waitress had to come back and tell us there was only 1/2 lb left. Brutal! Very disappointing considering all locals to use to visit frankys for some good boiled seafood.YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.  I loooooooooove me some Franky and Johnny's!!!  Deep fried, double fried, refried, crisco on the side.  The only thing not fried here is the plate and silverware.  Though...come to think about it....that sounds delicious.  I'll inquire with my server next time I visit.  I have a feeling they may oblige.I've had po boy's before although it'd been awhile, but these were good. One catfish, one shrimp and I was happy. It's a great old, classic joint. I'm seeing others bitch about slow service, dirty surroundings... yadda yadda... whatever. I saw none of that. If someone has someplace better I should visit next time, I'm all ears!
:)We dined at F&J last evening.  We noticed changes.
The menu has been shortened & simplified.  Prices seem more reasonable than we recall.
Both of our fried seafood platters were cooked properly and presented promptly.  The coldbeer was COLD.
Park in unfinished "lot" adjacent to restaurant..  This is definitely a "neighborhood" eatery / bar, not a "dive".
Boiled crawfish was back on the menu; but, we didn't indulge, as I monitor the crawish producers "back home" in Acadiana & they tell me it is still too early this year.
Mais, NO softshell crabs !
Dress very casual, "as you are".  Oldies on jukebox.  T-V in bar area.  Full bar.
So, bottom line is some improvement.  F&J will be back on our once-in-a-while "list".
Rick2 stars for the onions rings and chicken strips which were the hit of the night, burger (overcooked), french fries, (boring AND bland-hardly worth the calories).  It was OK but we won't be back....We went on a Tuesday night and Surprise! It was $2 Tuesday, meaning $2 martini's and draft beer. The service was very friendly. The decor is old-style with checkered table cloths and a long, dark bar.
We were very disappointed to learn they were out of crabs and oysters. Still, we enjoyed the meal. The avocado summer salad was decent and the onion rings were good. The alligator pie was tasty, too, but a little on the small side. Not too expensive for what you get.Some things are good here and some things are less good here.  The ambiance is fantastic-classic-New Orleans dive bar/restaurant.  They have some daily specials and a pretty good selection on their regular menu.  I often find the seafood options lacking and usually not a good value.  They are pretty skimpy on the shrimp and oysters whether on a po boy or a platter.  I've never had a really memorable meal here so generally I think I would suggest just stopping in here for a drink to enjoy the space and go somewhere else to eat.An institution if you want crawfish, shrimp, or any seafood.  All your cajun and creole favorites are there.  Makes your beer taste better.  Prepare to get messy.  Bring your dates who aren't princesses.A great local place for po boys and delicious onion rings.  Prices are very reasonable and they have friendly service.  However, after experiencing Crabby Jack's, I would tell people to go there instead.  But F&J's is more of a restaurant with seating while Crabby Jack's is like a lunch counter with limited seating, so it depends on the purpose of having lunch.Unfortunate that yelp still had this as closed since it just re-opened last week.  This spot has made MASSIVE comeback.  If you've been here before and liked the menu but hated the service/dirt/roaches you should go back and check it out.  The renovations are great and it's brighter and cleaner than ever.  Menu is the same but the execution/service is also much better.  This is back to being the family spot it once was and I recommend the peppers and onions and fried chicken.  Looking forward to crawfish season here.As my fellow yelpers in the last few reviews have pointed out, this is place is indeed open and better than ever! The remodeling job looks amazing! The place looks fresh and inviting. It's really worth a revisit, if you were one of the people whose only experience was during their decline. Yes, I do remember this place going downhill in a hurry ... but the new management has resurrected a quintessential neighborhood gem!
THIS is the Franky and Johnny's of my youth again! Solid renditions of New Orleans classics ... seafood platters, large overstuffed poboys, red beans and rice. They have a very good seafood gumbo, no kidding! I also agree with Rocky T. ... the oysters were great, and a very welcomed addition!  When they start boiling crawfish, it's going to be standing room only!Fried everything, nothing remarkable or worth remembering..
The crawfish is overpriced and lacked flavor. Service hasn't been too welcoming every time I went. Worth skipping.Holy crap. You just walked into this dingy New Orleans hole looking for some deep fried goodness and right there on the wall, above the bar, is a Red Sox pennant. Several to be exact. And what's that- a PATRIOTS poster? I have died and gone to my own personal heaven, where New Orleans and Boston are represented equally, where dirty rednecks and Red Sox fans can unite and bask in the glory of fried seafood and Abita beer. Such is the scene at Franky and Johnny's.
Obviously, since you are in New Orleans, nuitrition doesn't matter. You threw the idea of healthy eating out the window of the plane you arrived in. So let's start with appetizers. The best way to go is with the fried pepper rings. They are the inbred first cousin of onion rings; green peppers fried to deliciousness. Don't forget to smother them in the house dressing, an ass kicking spicy cajun ranch invented in my personal heaven. It's spicy enough to make you down your Abita Purple Haze, or an Abita Strawberry if they are in season. Then they bring you a "salad," a few pieces of lettuce smothered in even more cajun ranch! Mmmmm, can I pour this on Tom Brady? Then we would really be combining my favorite things... I'm getting off track. Back to the cajun ranch. Good thing they make this in bulk, because up next is the entree. What's a good entree to order? Take your pick. Fried crab? Check! Fried clams? Check! Fried alligator? Fried crawfish? Double check! Gumbo, jumbalaya, muffaleta sandwiches, pick one and pour some cajun ranch all over it. Scratch that, maybe not on the gumbo or jumbalaya.Our food was good, but nothing to write home about. My softshell crab breading was a bit to salty for my taste, however the fried chicken was yummy! Service was good Prices were good. I would probably pop in if  I were in the area again.Its a good cajun place :)  Nothing I would recommend as being the only place to stop by in New Orleans. Shrimp Po Boy was pretty good~This is one of the spots my family often stops by when we are in New Orleans. Like some of the other reviewers, I have had visits where I haven't wanted to write a review, but this time we had a great meal. Monday is Red Beans & Rice night, so most people had either Red Beans & Rice or Crawfish Pie. The waitress pre-sold us that the  Crawfish Pie was small but rich. Small it is, which was fine as we had come from an event with food, but be warned. We were with someone from FL who is picky about his Key Lime Pie - I think there's passed muster, and we added a slice of Peanut Butter Pie for the table. This is a place to go for some New Orleans fare and a pitcher of beer with a group of people. Atmosphere is informal (divey even). Would definitely recommend a Monday night visit for the Red  Beans & Rice.this is a typical New Orleans seafood restaurant. They do great fried seafood. They also have great fried chicken. They have inexpensive daily specials such as red beans and rice with sausage on Monday. It is moderately priced and certainly a good bargainThey have been open 2 weeks. I went Thursday last week and again last night. Food, and  atmosphere were good. The restaurant is lighter and brighter. They were very busy last night. Food was good service was a little off time and timing wise but it is to be expected after a revamp of 8 months. They were very nice and friendly.  The food was fresh and very good.. I will be back feaux sheaux.Was totally disappointed with my latest Franky & Johnny's experience.  The door to the kitchen was open, and patrons could see into the kitchen area where food was being dropped on the floor, countertops were unclean, and servers didn't care.
I had a crabclaw appetizer, which was listed as one of the specials.  It came out fishy-smelling and cold, and I am unsure if this was what the "chef's" were aiming for.
My date had an oyster salad.  The lettuce was soggy and old.
Even the crawfish, which is supposedly the restaurant's strong point, was a total disappointment.  I have never been served so many dead crawfish.  The ones that weren't dead were small.  All of them were lukewarm when they were first served.
Needless to say, I will not be back.I went to F&J's with my wife and mother-in-law.  Between us we ate two roast beef and one hot suasage po-boy, and they were good, not too sloppy.
I still think I prefer Domilise's, but will have to keep going back to verify!!I was hungry for gumbo.  Since I was leaving New Orleans soon, my friend suggested we go to Franky and Johnny's.  It was an awesome last meal!
Seafood gumbo:  Everything a gumbo should be.  Rich, full of okra, seafood, and rice.  No complaints here!
Fried green peppers: My friend had this along with her beer.  Deep fried goodness.
Catfish po boy:  I wanted this before I left New Orleans.  Pretty good.  Catfish was not fishy at all.  Hit the spot
I had my meal with a NOLA wheat ale.  Pretty good local beer.  I would come back here next time I'm in New Orleans.This is good place to eat lunch if you are in New Orleans. Good food and good prices.I make my gumbo rounds whenever I go to new orleans, and I came here expecting some bomb gumbo per my friend's recommendation. Well, I was disappointed. The only seafood in my cup was baby shrimp (like those little roc shrimp that you thaw out by running water over them). The rice seemed like it had been sitting in there for a while, resulting in soggy rice. The flavor was good, especially after a few shots of crystal hot sauce.
The winner at Franky and Johnny's, and this is slighty ironic considering it isn't even new orleanian, was the blue cheese dressing, in which I dipped saltine crackers. It was amazing homemade blue cheese. The peanut butter pie and key lime pie were also quite tasty, although not worth a trip just for those. 
The only redeeming quality of this place was the 6 dollar oyster dozen and the kick butt blue cheese. Otherwise, just go to rouses.we wanted something the locals go to and this place fit the bill.  totally recommend the boudin balls and alligator nuggets - heaven!Located Uptown but just off the River, the first thing I felt about Frankie and Johnny's was abiding love for their location.  A freight train played a soft rhythm of rails and ties just out of the rail yard, a freighter sounded its horn on the River - it felt like I was in 1954.  I mean that in the best possible way.
On the way an SUV by the Whole Foods had pulled right in front of our taxi with that sense of entitlement only to be found of someone pulling out from Whole Foods who can still afford to buy gas and shop at Whole Foods - and Frankie and Johnny's already felt a world away from that little event.
Entering, I had flashbacks to the first time I entered the Polish Catholic Club's dining hall in Elyria, Ohio, it was that awesome.  Cheap tables and red-checkered dining cloths made of plastic littered the floor in a somewhat haphazard manner.  I felt safe, already placated. 
One of my friends had the alligator soup - he wanted to keep eating it forever.  We all had the fried pepper rings, I would have licked the plate but saved some pride for later - who knew what the night would bring?
The waitress was wonderful and attentive, the guy running the bar was wonderful and attentive - the regulars were wonderful and attentive - they looked over with obvious pleasure when we talked up the fried pepper rings.  Again though, what's up with the lack of sweet tea?
I ordered the roast beef po' boy, also ordered was a simple red beans and rice and a fried chicken dinner.  The red beans were tasty and uncomplicated, perfectly cooked, which can be tricky - as evidence try getting red beans and rice at some "cajun/creole" place north of Jackson, Mississippi.  It's usually a dispiriting experience.  The fried chicken again was simple, reminiscent, I think, of my favorite chicken of all time - Mrs. Womack's.  It wasn't, to be clear, my favorite of all time, it just echoed the right parts - it didn't finish as perfectly - the taste was mild, but you could find the abundant black pepper they must use there, and that was satisfying.  With honey, this fried chicken would sing.  The chicken itself was moist and succulent - I can imagine that it would taste great, the next morning, cold or on a biscuit after being shredded some.
The po' boy, I have to say, was from Jesus.  There he was, smilin' Jesus, smiling on me - I ate past the bursting point because I wanted one more bite, always.  It was dressed, and of po' boys, I think it was the Audrey Hepburn of Funny Face in a Givenchy gown.  I am not an avowed po' boy expert, but of the ones I have had, and they are many, this was the one I enjoyed most.  Perhaps it was the setting, but I prefer to think it was the full rounded flavor, the gravy which was from God and which I used the french fries only to pick up the extra gravy with, and the perfect bread that hinted at sweetness but of a kind that is earthy rather than sugary, the meat which was tender and perfect and which flopped out of the bread loaf like willing partners in a dance of flavors - I gush but this is how I felt.  I wanted to  keep eating.
I wonder, in retrospect, if sometimes we find ourselves eating the exact right thing at the exact right time in the exact right place - if so, then it is the responsibility of the restaurant to give us a set and to provide us props with which we can enter into a perfect scene - I think this was a marriage of those factors.  But I also wonder, if, when this happens, we can actually judge with any accuracy where we are at?  
Anyway, not to wander from the point.  Dessert came.  We had pecan pie and peanut butter pie.  I love peanut butter pie, it's probably my favorite thing to eat on earth.  This was an excellent peanut butter pie but of a variety that is not my favorite.  I loved it, and enjoyed it thoroughly, but it was of the half-chocolate/half peanut butter variety - whereas I like a more fully peanut buttered version that has an assertive but not overpowering chocolate presence.  The crust was also more pie than crumble - and I think a graham crackery crumble base works better.  The pecan pie was good but tiny.  I did expect more of the pecan pie coming from such a place.  But I will say, by the end of the peanut butter pie I was really happy to have this variety too, which speaks favorably for that pie.
It was not an expensive night and we could have drank well - they have a Miller High Life sign, which made me happy.  Laugh if you will, but before you laugh too long, have the High Life with some powdered donuts - you'll never laugh without joy at the thought of the High Life again.  And they had much in the way of others to offer.
Our cab ride back was pleasant - the Whole Foods was closed and Magazine Street was awash in its casual hipsterdom - we felt no urge to join it.This is a great place to go for some REALLY good food in a low-key, friendly atmosphere. I have been here several times now, and the food has been very good every time.
I like the fried green pepper rings for an appetizer. They're crunch, not too filling, and pretty unique - I don't recall seeing this anywhere else. The po-boys here are great. I had the alligator po-boy last time I was here and was not disappointed. They also have good seafood - boiled crawfish and shrimp remoulade are good to get in season.
The service has been pretty good every time I've been here. The food comes out pretty fast, and the waitresses are friendly.
Overall, this is a great little out-of-the-way place to go get some good food with some friends.Dirtier than I'm used to, very oily fried food.  Others in party got gumbo that came cold and turned out to be more like a rice casserole than a soup.  Not my kind of place.  We were there late so maybe the cook staff was worn out, waitress was excellent.  Probably a great place to go for a late night snack, but not good for a nice dinner.Mediocre food, very slow service and higher prices. At least for takeout anyway.I really liked the chill atmosphere of Frankie and Johnny's. Coming from Chicago, I'd never seen a place that served seafood have checkerboard tablecloths and husks of crawfish on the floor. It's a pretty divey place, but that's what i enjoyed so much about it. In the midwest, seafood is so expensive that it's only good at the higher end restaurants and I really appreciated being able to plop down and dig in without all the hullabaloo. If you're looking for a spotless white linen tablecloth, this is not the place. But if you want some good seafood, a unique ambiance and you aren't afraid of crunching a shellfish or two beneath your boot, this is the place to go!I just don't get it.   We came here primarily for the crawfish- based on local's recommendations, but I'd have to say this might be the worst crawfish I've ever had.  (And I've had it about 100+times!)
I know it's early in the season- so before writing this review- I actually went to get some MORE local fresh boiled crawfish this week, just so I could write a fair review.  My review stands. 
$13 / 2 Lbs. Boiled Crawfish  
The crawfish were mushy, crushed, and falling apart at the seams.  The garlic was WAY undercooked, so it was crunchy to eat. My friend and I spit it out at the same time (Normally I would eat a whole bulb, I couldn't even eat one clove here)
I also tasted the Alligator Piquant (overpriced, meat was very dry and tough, sauce was not my cup of tea) , Oyster PoBoy $mkt (it was good), and the Boudin balls $5.99 (good).  
However, they did have great service.Perhaps the dirtiest restaurant I have ever been to. Felt like I was dining in a truck stop restroom.If your looking for a great roast beef  po-boy,  Here is the place to be.  Tender, juicy roast beef that was piled high at a good price. They do this right.
However.....the fish platter, while tasty, was not a good value. 1 piece of fish. One.  for 12.99. Plus tax.  O____oOn our final night in New Orleans, we were left hungry and disappointed as Jaques Imo-Cafe was closed. We haven't tried gumbo nor the mud bugs. However, thanks to reviews posted about this place we tried to give it a shot for the craw fish. We were seated in the rear and immediately ordered the gumbo and craw fish. The gumbo came first and we devoured it. It was REALLY good! I believe the craw fish was $10.95 for 2 and a half pounds. It was really spicy but we couldn't stop eating it. It was a perfect compliment to our beer.I have no idea what people are talking about. when I moved to NOLA everyone told me to go here, so I did... I found a hair in my oyster po boy while I was chewing it and pieces of blue plastic in my onion rings... nuff saidMy family and I were visiting New Orleans and decided to go to this restaurant.  The floors were filled with dropped food and paper and looked like they had not been swept or washed in a week.  I peeked into the kitchen and the sink was filled with dirty water and left over food.  The kitchen floor looked crumbling or dirty.  When I asked about the health inspection, I was told that it was over the bar.   We left .  We will never set foot in this restaurant again and I suggest that you don't.
MarilynOPEN!! Not CLOSED!!!
Haven't been here on awhile. Last time I was here it was closed for remodeling. Well it's now open  
Looks great! 
Under new owners. Have to say the menu has not really changed. Neither has the kitchen staff. 
Now serving oysters(raw)
The oysters I had might be the best I have ever had. No shit, literally the best I have ever had 
Also had a bowl of the seafood gumbo. Really good!!Decent and old school place. The cheeseburger was really good, but I probably won't go back.  Wouldn't recommend the crawfish either.