I've ordered take from this place about 8-10 times since they opened a few months ago. I've had their Chicken and Waffles, Meaty Peaty, Catfish Platter, Seafood Platter, Shrimp & Grits and their Red Beans and Rice entree'. 
Everything I've had has been delicious even the way they prepare their eggs are great. Their Red Beans and rice are homemade and are my favorite dish that they serve. You can tell they cook those beans 5ish hours because they are so tender and flavorful that I really don't need any sausage with them even though they do give you enough sausage with it. You can get a smaller portion of the Red Beans and Rice as a side dish with their CatFish Platter, Seafood Platter and the BBQ Shrimp meal. 
This place is much needed for our Algiers area.Dope low key spot, with ample parking. Everything tasted good! The waffles were fluffy, grits were great, chicken seasoned well! The staff very attentive, my glass was never empty at any point during my visit. I'll definitely be back!First time here saw the reviews and gave it a try.  Only three months in business.  The food and service was good.  We all had the chicken and waffles.   The only disappointing thing was the chicken that's served with the waffles are chicken tenders.  I'm not a fan of tenders, however they were seasoned well.  Waffles were fluffy and tasty.No more trips to New Orleans East to get our chicken & waffle fix for this Westbank family.  We've been here two weekends in a row now.  The service is top notch and the food is great!  The chicken is nicely seasoned and the omelettes are quite tasty.  The waffles took me back to fond college memories...fluffy & delish with fresh fruit and a perfectly crisp edge...YUM!My friend, Rose, and I are on the self proclaimed "Saturday Brunch Hunt." Freddie's is a no frills kind of place but you feel welcome when you walk in the door. Our server had the brightest, kindest eyes and, of course was great to us, but was one of those people you just feel like is an especially good person. It's always nice to come across people who make you feel that way just by being themselves. Unfortunately I was disappointed in the food. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't what I was expecting which may be more on me than Freddie's. The chicken was chicken tenders with breading rather than batter and really dry. With the name of the restaurant, I was expecting fabulous so I was disappointed. The waffle was good, though, and I might feel differently on a second visit with another dish. I wouldn't refuse to go here if someone wanted to go but I wouldn't put it close to the top of my list.The good was plentiful and delicious and the service was friendly, thoroughly enjoyable experience!Wow,  the biscuit & gravy is very unique twist with outstanding flavor. The eggs Benedict Royal.. smoked Salmon, on point,  the hollandaise is always tricky,  nailed it.  The service is so kind and attentive. 2nd visit and certainly not our last.  Thank youVery good customer service the cook was very rude yelling at the waiters, he had a very short temper. I think they should hire more workers because they seemed a bit short staffed.Tried two days in a row for takeout with my girlfriend. 1st day, we ordered a take-out order of a blueberry waffle and chicken. Waffles were delicious and full of blueberries with fresh blueberries on top. Chicken strips were large, flavorful & juicy. I plan on returning. 
The 2nd day, we ordered a strawberry waffle and chicken, a chicken omelette with potatoes and an à la carte biscuit. Strawberry waffle was delicious and covered in fresh strawberries and a strawberry sauce. Omelette was a little overcooked to my liking but was still tasty. It also would have been better if the chicken was diced smaller in the omelette. The potatoes had a good flavor. The biscuit is actually cooked like a waffle. It was tasty and unique. Service was a little slower the second time but they are still in the early stage and are working out the kinks. We plan on returning.We tried a new Algiers restaurant this morning & were absolutely delighted by it! It's a small mom & pop place and I'd encourage you to give it a try. Freddie's Chicken N' Waffles on Kabel. Very good food at extremely reasonable prices, delightful staff, a cool painting of Algiers Point on the back wall and uplifting jazz music on the sound system. I love supporting small local businesses!I gotta say- I have some beef...er, chicken with all of the Westbank folks who have been keeping this spot a secret since it opened in February. Y'all know I love fried chicken and tasty waffles, so I should have been the first person informed that this place existed pretty much in my own backyard.
Now, when it comes to Westbank breakfast food I usually hit up Waffle House. However, my biggest complaint about "The House" is- for a place that has dubbed themselves a "Waffle House", their waffle options are lacking. You get plain, pecan, chocolate chip, peanut butter or blueberry (but only once a year). I want more options! Well, Freddie's has you covered with their blueberry, strawberry and seasonal options and the waffles are super fluffy and fresh and, of course, you can pair them with fried chicken, bacon, sausage, or steak for just a few extra bucks!
So, I stopped in here with my chicken and waffles craving and, I'll admit it, my eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also got the $3 side of grits. The amount of food you get for the price is incredible! For $11 you get 4 big pieces of juicy, flavorful, fried to golden perfection chicken and 4 fluffy waffle wedges that have blueberry taste, but aren't overwhelming. The serving of grits was also quite large and the savory grits and chicken balanced the sweet waffles well. There was also syrup for dipping and I dipped the chicken and the waffles- don't judge me. It was all delicious!
They have a wide variety of other breakfast items here such as omelets and eggs benedict as well as lunch offerings like poboys, salads, red beans and rice, seafood and grits and a fried shrimp platter. The staff was super nice and attentive and the owner and the cook even came over to make sure that everything was to my liking. I loved this spot and I can't wait to go back!We waited for 40 minutes while we watched to go orders continue to be prepared. When asked about our order we were told it hadn't started yet. This is ridiculous and if I could give zero stars I would.My Co-Workers visited this placed and raved about how good the breakfast and service was. 
My Boss went back today to try the waffles and absolutely loved them. I had the veggie breakfast, 2 veggie patties, eggs, grits and toast, and it was like Sunday at my Parent's house.Tried Freddies this morning. We got a little of everything for our first visit bc we anticipate being regulars. Steak combo was good. Steak was super tender. Eggs were "meh" but they're eggs. Eggs benedict was ok. Their hollandaise was good but they don't do regular biscuits. They throw the biscuit mix on the waffle iron for "waffle biscuits". The texture was different and I'd prefer a regular biscuit but I appreciate the creativity. The grits were a little "crunchy" for my taste but we prefer extra creamy grits. The potatoes could've cooked a little longer but I prefer extra crispy potatoes. Both things I'll remember to customize next visit. 
The shining star, though, are the chicken and waffles. The chicken was tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned. So. Good. The waffle was also fantastic. So, the good news is, the star dish really is the star. I'll probably go back tomorrow for more chix and waffles!We came here while visiting the algeirs area and it was AWESOME. Daniel the owner was incredibly friendly and hospitable. Our entire group loved their meal- try the biscuit waffle- you won't be disappointed!Completely horrible, never eat here! The crabcakes were inedible, so salty I had to spit it out! Scrambled eggs and cheese wouldn't think you can screw up but such a small portion with a measly amount of cheese is ridiculous. Breakfast potatoes were mealy and uninspiring. The best thing I can say is there was bacon. The waffles came without butter and were soggy. I have nothing nice to say about any of this other than, there was bacon.
To make things even worse not a single thing we ordered came correctly! Items were missing or wrong. I would've like to try the fried chicken that everyone is raving about on the reviews, but it never came. So I can't review it. Unfortunately we ordered on Uber Eats so we're screwed but if I would've been there in person I would've sent everything back! Consider this your warning. Don't waste your money or your time!Great food and service! Will recommend and return!  Ordered the chicken and waffles. Will try other menu items next time.Food was delish!  It's a small restaurant and small staff so expect a bit of a wait. There were six in my party and five of us were just about down with our food when the last plate came out, hence the four stars.This is the perfect neighborhood breakfast spot!  My son and I came in for breakfast this morning and we loved it!  Everyone was very friendly and the service very attentive.  The owner stopped by our table to welcome us and chat for a few minutes.  The restaurant is very clean and I loved the New Orleans playlist in the background!  The food was delicious! My waffle was nice and crispy on the outside and tender and fluffy on the inside.  My son's steak was cooked a perfect medium just like he ordered it.  We had a great experience here and will definitely be back.  If you live in the area, definitely give Freddie's a try!Always room for improvement but if you want chicken and waffles, you'll be full and happy visiting  Freddie's. The service was excellent and friendly. The chicken crispy and spiced great. The waffle, I selected blueberry, was not overly sweet and fresh blueberries covered the plate. Great job Freddie!!My friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant. It was still pretty early, about a hour after they opened. The chef (owner) didn't come until way later. The food was good. I fried chicken could have used a little extra kick to it. The waffles were good. My friend has the traditional breakfast eggs grits, etc. he was pleased with his food. I am willing to give them another shot. Hopefully if I ever were to be that early that the chef will be there on time. The hostess never say oh by the way the Chef is running a little late she just really took our order and we just were sitting and waiting for a while.Food was good and service was good. Will definitely return to try again. Was charged $4 for a sweet tea, but other than that and the fact that I wish the breakfast potatoes had butter on them, I can't complain. Well lit restaurant and the owner(or manager) came to the table to see how things were. Would definitely recommend and will be returning.This was my second visit. The service was great. I loved my chicken and waffles. Seasoned very well. Waffles fluffy. I am always on my way somewhere else.  I got it on the go. The staff is very professional and helpful. I will be going back as often as I can. Because they close for 2pm, I can only get there on Sat or Sunday. But it is worthbthe wait.Yum! Great waffles and crunchy-ish on the outside, soft-ish and flavorful on the inside veggie sausage, great coffee. Everyone was kind, relaxed, and professional. Definitely coming back!Great service. Reasonable wait time. Staff is attentive and the food is great! My kids and I had the crab and shrimp omelet, chicken and waffles, pancakes, cheese grits, and fruit. Everything was very tasty, and that may be the best seafood omelet I've ever had. I'll definitely be back!best chicken and waffles ever!!!! the owner was so nice and attentive to everyone. i got the smoked salmon omelet and it was so good, every one got different things and there wasn't a bad item on the menu. awesome atmosphere and aesthetic!!! YOU GOTTA GOSo I was in the mood for breakfast and I was tired of corner stores breakfast options so I stopped in here to try this new restaurant.  Nice to have more options in the Algiers area. What a great choice and I tried the chicken and waffles.  I'll admit my eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also got the breakfast burritos (Breakfast Tacos) and a side of grits. The amount of food you get for the price is incredible! For $11 you get 4 big pieces of juicy, flavorful, fried to golden perfection chicken and 4 fluffy waffle wedges that have strawberry slices and a strawberry sauce, but they aren't overwhelming. The chicken was delicious! It was well seasoned, fried to order and juicy.  The grits was also quite large, the burritos aren't on the menu but something you have to ask about.  It was all delicious!
They have a wide variety of other breakfast items here such as omelets and eggs benedict as well as lunch offerings like poboys, salads, red beans and rice, seafood and grits and a fried shrimp platter. The staff was super nice and attentive and the owner and the cook even came over to make sure that everything was to my liking. I loved this spot and I can't wait to go back!This is one of the best new places. Traveling for business and a fantastic find. I will come back here every time I am in GretnaLA.  Service was excellent!! Very open and bright. The owner was very friendly and welcoming!!!Best chicken and waffles I've ever had! Cozy place and really nice staff and owner. They clearly make everything from scratch - you can taste the quality in the ingredients, and it's also made-to-order so tastes super fresh like you made it at home. Also huge portions! So glad this is in the neighborhood. Highly recommend!Found this place by accident. So glad we did. Best chicken and waffles I've had. Fresh fruit mixed into waffle batter. Chicken strips were perfect and freshly cooked. Great spot for a quick meal.Went Sunday morning and it was empty.  I don't know why because it is the best breakfast option we have had in Algiers in a long time.  
The waffles and chicken were very flavorful and cooked perfectly. My daughter's eggs and cheese were also done very well.  
It is obviously family run with passion and pride.  The service was very friendly.  We will be back and I hope others will go also as to make it a success we can enjoy for years.I placed an order to go. It was fairly quick. The Chicken & Waffles were pretty good.I ordered my food through Uber eats and I was not disappointed. The waffles melt in your mouth and the chicken was seasoned to perfection and fried with care to get that golden crunchy outside and moist inside. I will definitely be ordering from this restaurant again!!! DELICIOUS!!!My 1st time here, and my LAST! I've been here over an hour for a to go order. Unacceptable! I was told 15-20 minutes. I ordered simple things. The food better be worth the time and price! The food was good, and fresh. I guess that's why it took so long but the wait was still unacceptable.I ordered chicken and waffles togo, and I drove back to mid-city and my food was still warm. The staff was very friendly when I entered and during my short visit. I'd recommend this place to anyone. The chicken was seasoned well, and they gave me enough food that I ate off my plate multiple times.Omg! The food was amazing. I had the stuffed strawberry waffles & fried chicken. The service was amazing. Restaurant was clean. Highly recommend.Absolutely delicious. My son wanted waffles but of course it's a Tuesday (we usually go to biscuits and buns on banks). So off I went into the Yelp universe to find some chicken and waffles. This place has good reviews, when I showed up I was not disappointed! We were greeted at the door by the cook. He let us know that a server would be with us in a moment. We were then seated and told what the specials were. The food came rather quickly. Our waitress was personable and offered suggestions. As we were eating the cook (I assume the owner Freddie) came to check on how the food was. Everything was delicious. We all got chicken and waffles, my son got bacon and breakfast potatoes with his waffle. Just delicious! And all of the service was impeccable. Highly recommend. We will certainly be back!Wonderful local restaurant.  Love to go there fir amazing breakfast. Hard to tell they are open due to tinted windows.  They need to park one or two employees cars out front so you can easily tell.  Lots of people came into get takeout but then lot looks empty.  We almost didn't pull in.Having grown up in ATL with Gladys & Ron's, and having had Roscoe's during an L.A. visit, I can say that I have a pretty fair gauge for good chicken and waffles and I have to say that Freddie's could give Roscoes a real ring for its money. The cleanliness and friendliness are on point, the food is exemplary, and the service was top notch. 
I had the Daily Special which was Apple/Cinnamon Waffles and Chicken and it was amazing. The portions are just right, leaving me satiated without being stuffed.
Gerica was our server and she was incredibly attentive and super pleasant.
I will recommend Freddie's to anyone who can appreciate the awesome, and it is now my personal default location for weekend brunch.Dope low key spot, with ample parking. Everything tasted good! The waffles were fluffy, grits were great, "chicken" seasoned well! The staff very attentive, my glass was never empty at any point during my visit. I'll definitely beI really want this place to succeed. Our first visit on opening weekend was great. The second visit was not...for many reasons. The food is good, hence the 4 stars. Still need to work out some kinks.Dined on Sunday,  trying to give them an opportunity to get their restaurant off the ground, getting the kinks out.  Waffles were good!Little hole in the wall joint that my daughter insisted on trying. So glad we listened. Both kids got different versions of chicken and waffles. My husband had the waffled biscuit and gravy (with sausage). He loved it! I had shrimp and grits. It was a different style than I'm used to so I was nervous. I should not have been. Simple, homemade fare that is absolutely delicious! And it's value priced!The chicken n Waffles were fantastic!!! I can't wait to see how this restaurant develops over the course of the next few months. I highly recommend!What a pleasant surprise! Don't let the humble appearance of this restaurant deter you because their food is amazing! We visited on a Sunday afternoon ordered blueberry waffles and fried chicken and breakfast tacos. The waffles were great but the chicken stole the show. Freddie knows how to fry some chicken. Even the tacos were great! I will definitely be back.A must try when you visit New Orleans! Family owned, Black owned and DELICIOUS!! We tried many different dishes in our party and not one was disappointing. The Freddie was amazing and flavorful, BBQ shrimp and grits, buttery grits, chicken and buttermilk waffles, Chicken and strawberry waffles! The staff were super friendly!
Thanks for an amazing dining experience Freddie's! We will be back!!Had the chicken and waffles this morning. Absolutely amazing. The chicken was fried perfectly and it was so juicy . I would definitely recommend the chicken and waffles if you're in the area. Our waitress was super friendly and very attentive.Decided to try Freddie's after reading a few reviews. I was visiting NOLA from Philly and was craving fried chicken. Freddie's was near my hotel so I hopped on Uber eats to see if they deliver. After looking on yelp, I chose to try chicken and waffles. I was very pleased with the meal. It was filling and warm when delivered. I asked for extra syrup and there was no extra up charge. I didn't need extra syrup, as they would have provided enough anyway.We were looking for a breakfast place and saw Freddie's Chicken N Waffles, saw that it had great reviews... Well I gotta leave a great review because this place is so good!! Great friendly service and the food is finger licking good! Wish they were in California. They also serve lunch. We might just have to come back before we head back to California.I had to wait like 30 mins for benedicts and pancakes and i was the only one at the restaurant, there was no one but me! And after a long wait i got this watery thing they called "hollandaise" 
I know what hollandaise is and this "thing" is not a hollandaise at all! Not even close! Only thing mutual is its color! Worst breakfast ever! I won't even pass by again!Nice to have more options in the Algiers area! We got the chicken and waffles plus some grits. 
The chicken was delicious! It was well seasoned, fried to order and juicy.
The waffle was okay nothing special as I had the buttermilk one. I was hoping for a more homemade recipe.
The grits were piping hot and I didn't have to add any extra butter or salt. They had a good thick consistency. 
The service was great! The staff was sweet and attentive as well. We'll definitely be back again!I heard the food here was good and I couldn't wait to try it. I decided to go with their staple dIsh and I wasn't disappointed. I can't  put my finger on what made it so delicious but keep doing it. It's a bit out of the way for me but I will be back.They shut down. A shame that good restaurants can't make it and so many chains do so well.   Please post if you reopen.Me and my friend went here for breakfast. He said they had good ratings, so why not. I ordered the waffle biscuit and this is literally a refrigerated Pillsbury biscuit cooked in a waffle iron. It was under cooked.
The system that have in place to make coffee, ring you up, and make change is completely inefficient.