So cute! So precious! Was so excited to come here after enjoying many a cup at the Magazine St. location. Plesantly surprised at the menu and adult beverage options. Everything adorable. Staff seemed a little aloof. Sad no wi-fi is offered, even before/after lunch hours. Food was fine, if a little stingy with portion size, because it's cute and precious. 
My surprise turned unpleasant when after receiving our bill we could have eaten somewhere we could have full wait service for the entire experience.While I wanted to love this place I found myself extremely disappointed. I ordered the breakfast croissant and an iced coffee while my friend ordered a hot coffee and a croque monsieur. We were given a number and went off to wait for our breakfast. My friend's sandwich came out immediately- they just needed to heat it up. He said it was good and hit the spot. But my breakfast croissant took a while to come out. So long that my friend had completely finished his breakfast before I had even started mine. And I had no coffee. It had been sitting on a counter and the waitress told me I would need to go get it. Guess my generous tip was not appreciated. Ok- I still wanted to like this place.  But as I began to eat I noticed my breakfast croissant was burned to a crisp and tasted mediocre. For $8 I expected more.  On the other hand my iced coffee was good. So in the end while I may go back for coffee I think I will be eating elsewhere. I find both the service and the food lacking.French Truck on Dryades is my favorite coffee shop in NOLA to date! I live near Audubon Park and make the drive out of my way for their coffee.  Their Nola Iced Coffee is my jam and their baked goodies (specifically the blueberry muffin and almond croissants) from gracious bakery are addictive!  Cool relaxed atmosphere is great for people watching!In a city that has no shortage of coffee shops I've found that the place I continue to go to is French Truck but more specifically the cafe on Dryades. The space was well designed and the staff is super cool and always delivers great service. I've given the coffee concentrate to out of town friends and they legit freak out over it, I even use it in cooking. Speaking of cooking the food is also a unexpected surprise. I love getting the caprese sandwich. Lots of regulars in there and the staff recognizes me and they pretty much know what I want when I walk in. All the staff seems happy so clearly it's a fun place to work and it shows in the product.I bought gluten free waffles. They were good, a little low on flavor and overcooked. Then I bought the gluten free waffle sandwich. It was in my opinion the best waffle sandwich I've ever had. It was so good I bought another! When bringing it out he looked twice once I took a bite! He goes oh shit wait that might not be gluten free! He runs in back and goes no it's not. I spit out my bite. 4 minutes later they bring me a new one! This one has no flavor and tastes completely different from the last one. And on top of it I'm bloating and feeling something isn't right. I ask another waitress is the second one I had gluten free? She comes back and says it was, and that I had 3? No I actually had two. I don't know something is not correct and my stomach isn't happy.Favorite coffee place in Nola. Great iced coffee, great breakfast items, and employees are always kind. Start our weekends off here every Saturday- the pleasant and cheerful employees really bring it to the next level. Try the avocado toast or yogurt and granola!The food and service were great. The only downside was that the coffee tasted an awful lot like the stuff the military served me. Which was a nice surprise but that was not the coffee I was hoping for.Delicious coffee! The interior and outdoor seating are very inviting to want to hang out. I do wish they had other milk options than whole. Both meals that we ordered were very delicious! I'll definitely be back to check out the cocktail options!Provence Sandwich makes for a great midday lunch. Super additions to an already excellent coffee house. Well done.very good coffee, very nice staff, perfect outdoor sitting area, nice for chilling in the sun and sipping on your coffee...My favorite place in New Orleans. The whole place is well-decorated, with seats both inside and outside of the building. The New Orleans Iced Coffee is really good, and so does most of the items on the breakfast menu. Highly recommended if you want to find a breakfast place!Now let me tell you about my favorite coffee in New Orleans. Not only is it a cute and welcoming location, but the brew is 10/10. They offer a wide variety of beans and the barristas are incredibly knowledgable about each one. I typically go for a classic NOLA Iced Coffee and I'll get some freshly ground coffee to make at home, they grind it to order and at whatever fine-ness you desire!
I have a quick story to tell about their customer service. I ordered 2 iced coffees one day (I bought one for a friend) and as I walked down the stairs on my way out, one of the slipped out of my hands and exploded all over the ground. Knowing that I couldn't show up empty-handed to meet with my friend, I headed back inside to let them know of the spill and to order another coffee. The one staff member rushed outside and cleaned up the spill while the other put another iced coffee together for me FOR FREE! They had nothing but smiles to give and I have nothing but praise to say! French Truck will always have my business!Such a great spot to grab coffee and a bite to eat!! Love! Also, the Nola iced coffee (sweetened) is just great!! The food and service is great too! My new favorite study spot.French toast here is very good with whatever coffee you like. The expresso cream filling is the best. On a beautiful weather day like today you can chill here for hours. I'm a foodie and just getting into coffee. Both brunch items I've had here I would order again.I can't emphasize enough how much I love the coffee, food, and staff here.  They're my neighborhood go-to, and I'm there 2-3 times a week.  Sometimes I stop by on my morning walk with the dog; sometimes I meet clients or colleagues there; once a week I have a study date with a friend.
When I splurge for a pour-over or "dressed" drink, I know why I'm paying a bit more than usual.  But the medium roast drip coffee is a BIT expensive IMHO.  $3+ for a cup? Doesn't stop me from coming here, but I would be here more often if it were a little more reasonably priced.
Avocado toast is hands-down their best food, although everything I've had (especially the sweet stuff) is delicious.  Just a tad expensive too, though.  The staff are awesome.  Sweet and personable and great at making you feel welcome (and recognized and remembered).  
My only real complaint is that they've now blocked outlets.  I get it -- you want to avoid people coming and sitting allllllllll day long.  But still, there are ways of building a culture of not overstaying one's welcome without doing that.  Some of us like to sit and get work done (and keep buying coffee and food) a bit longer.Best coffee to date. I've traveled all over, including Europe- and this is my favorite coffee. Their New Orleans iced coffee and lattes are delicious. Tried their morning bun, chocolate croissant and spinach bacon muffin - you can't go wrong with anything you choose! Also have pour over options. Recommend this to all the coffee loversSuch a cute place & the food is amazing! Place was busy on the cool day we went but the line moved very quickly, staff was super friendly & I was eating before I knew it.  We sat outside with out dogs and enjoyed the sunshine. Really can't say how pleased I was. I'll make this place a frequent stop! 
We had the avocado toast, the white bean toast & the savory quinoa bowl with turkey...all were amazing!The place is cute, and the coffee is good. But I cannot understand how they get away with serving the food they do, at the price they charge. I've never had great food here; it's always been mediocre and under-seasoned. The portions are quite small, but the price .. I paid $9 for this toast, which probably cost about 75 cents for them to make.Sorry to be the crankypants person. But their black iced tea was completely undrinkable. I paid $2.50 for concentrate that tasted AWFUL. Why can't shops just brew a good tea? BLAH. I was annoyed all day on Saturday. Also when they called out my order they said Southern Tea unsweetened...which I guessed was me. Maybe this concentrate was designed to be hidden behind a copious amount of sugar/ 
For my sandwich I got the croissant with egg and cheese...and tomato jam? I nixed the bacon and asked for avocado instead. Nope. No substitutions. OK fine. But I barely got any cheese and I have tomato jam in my fridge... if there was any on this sandwich it was a thin smear that I couldn't taste. AND my fluffy croissant was panini pressed. Isn't the whole point of a croissant sandwich is to enjoy the airy pastry? Denied. 
The space is gorgeous. Since I used to live around the corner, I know what this shotgun home used to look like. The transformation is astonishing. The outdoor space is lovely. The staff was moving quickly as the crowds increased on a Saturday morning. I just won't be one of them again.i come to French truck almost daily. Food is good and coffee great. Today's staff experience was not  
consistent  with the usual friendly staff. 
While trying to use a French truck punch card the
auburn headed female clerk  at the register, at 11 am on 4/16/18 , was very rude and nasty. Have not seen her in shop before. When she realized how nasty she was she offered this statement as an apology, " sorry I'm tired , I was up until 3 30 ". Management  may want to find a more appropriate spot for her, dishwasher etc, where she has no direct customer contact.Dr. Yades lives on! Hidden gem uptown.Delish, blue bottle out in SF maybe as good /not better. Native NOLA gal, coffee snob.I love the NOLA iced coffee here! Their coffee is strong, so if you don't like your coffee to be strong, then maybe ask for more cream and sugar. Their staff is very nice and friendly, but the service can take a while.This has quickly become my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. I love the ambiance of this shop. They are family friendly but can also be a peaceful place to study or read. I usually get a mocha, but everything I have tried has been delicious. The food is also amazing and they have several gluten free options with is excellent for me. The staff is always extremely friendly and accommodating. I only wish I lived closer!Love! Love! Love the food.  
The service wasn't the best as no one offered to help and just wanted me to hurry up and order.As a long time fan of French Truck coffee on Magazine, I was eager to try their new cafe on Dryades. After reading Aaron's raves about the place, I knew I had to check it out.
Previous reviews do a great job at describing the atmosphere, so I'll get right to the goods. I stopped in for lunch, and while it took me a minute to find the place, there was no missing that signature orange building. There's a nice porch out front and folks were sitting with their dogs, drinking coffee, and enjoying the weather. I lucked out and there was no line, so I was able to walk up and order with no wait. I got a NOLA iced coffee and a pressed roasted turkey sandwich, which comes with a side of chips.
I was given a number, and after a short wait my food came out. This was a good size sandwich that was thick with turkey, cheese and lettuce. The bread was substantial and held it all together nicely. The turkey was obviously freshly sliced and the sandwich hit the spot. The chips were kettle chips, but I don't think they were Zapp's.  As always, the coffee was perfection- French Truck has some of the best coffee in the city and the NOLA iced coffee is tasty and rich without being overwhelming.
Overall this was a great lunch and I'll be back.One of the best coffee shops around town.  The Uptown location really has a neighborhood feel (which makes sense it's on a residential block).
As far as the actual product that they offer, the coffee really is good. Every espresso drink that I have had has been done just how I like them to be.  Their special New Orleans iced coffee is definitely worth a try.  And the prices aren't as bad as some of the other local coffee shops.
They offer numerous pastries that you can grab your coffee to go; or if you're in the mood to sit down they have several plated food selections.Love the ambiance of this place! The food is great and fresh. The coffee was ok for me,but my wife like it. I recommend this place to anybody and we will come back.First, I LOVE the vibe here... the music is incredible, my whole work crew posted up and made desks out of their raised-height bar area. So we owe French Truck gratitude for that. 
But, I lowered my stars for a real serious issue that I have to note: I have a mild allergy to almonds and I made that allergy known RIGHT AWAY when I ordered. I asked if the gluten-free waffles had almond meal or milk, and they said no. So I ordered those. Then I asked for the NoLa Iced Coffee with non-dairy milk, and as he's typing it in he says "it's an almond/coconut milk mixture." So I stop him and say, "right but I can't have almonds so nevermind on that then". So I order the waffles with yogurt and guess what? The yogurt was covered in almond granola... *rolls eyes*. And now I'm sitting here with itchy lips, wondering if if it's seasonal allergies or almonds. I'm popping a pill just to be safe. 
Hey guys, allergies are serious concerns to diners. 
Otherwise, I really loved this place.Requested an old fashioned machiato and they nailed it. Wife got a cortado and she loved it. High quality espresso and a simple, clean ambiance open to the street.French truck makes my favorite coffee in the city. I usually stop in a few times a week, but at least one of those days is an extended stay. They have free wifi, good food (I love the white bean toast), and a very friendly staff. Even at their busiest times the atmosphere is relaxed enough to get my work done and have a good meal. The service is quick, the food is tasty, and the coffee is delicious. Highly recommended.Peaceful atmosphere, delicious almond croissant. Good latte with almond milk. Would come back for sure.I love this place!  The staff is awesome. The location is great. The coffee is yummy. They staff gave me great recommendations. I literally went back multiple times on my short stay in New Orleans. I LOVE the front porch scene for sitting and enjoying my coffee. Abby, the manager, was delightful! Customer service win! Coffee win! Ambiance win! Now I just need them to come to Chicago and open one up for me here.The services was nice and friendly, the place was clean and bright. The coffee was okay,like i can get it better at PJ. The muffin he recommended was okay also. There was nothing real standout about the place. Its kinda like if you're passing by  go ahead and and go in. But i would not go out of my way to hit them up.I live right near French Truck and walk there fairly often. It's a cute coffee shop with dripped cold brew and nice little plates to eat. Food is in little portions but very tasty. The inside and sitting area outside has WiFi available so it's a nice place to study or get some work done. I usually get the egg sandwich on a croissant and the Nola brew, which is their lightly sweetened iced coffee. A little on the pricier side, but the overall experience makes it very pleasant.Chai tea latte's are so good! Its super cute inside and the employees are nice. Only thing is it's sorta pricy.Stopped in for an Americano after reading all the great reviews! It was amazing! So smooth, absolutely no bitterness. Staff were friendly, fast service, great selection of brunch items! Clean and quaint atmosphere! Will be my morning coffee stop while in town. I also pucked up two lvs of beans to take home!My friends and I came here on a weekday to buy some coffee.  
Atmosphere - really cute coffee shop with some seating indoors and outdoors. 
Customer Service - the staff here are soo knowledgeable, patient and friendly!! 2 thumbs up!
Coffee - tasty and great place to come for ice coffee on a hot summer day or even a breezy day.Great Service!  Chatted with one of the employees (Patrick I believe) about music while waiting for my chai latte.  Dug the location alot!Great atmosphere without being overly trendy and very sweet workers. Had to try the iced coffee after reading all the reviews and it didn't disappoint . Ham and cheese croissant was delish as well. They're currently building a side patio on the shady side and have pretty little flowers in the frontMy sister and I were staying on St. Charles and went on a walk to find a cup of coffee. After reading reviews on Yelp and a 10 minute walk, we ended up at French Truck Coffee. We both ordered the New Orleans Iced Coffee and fell in love! It tasted amazing! She had cream & sugar and I just had cream. Both had a sweetness that really hit the spot on a walk through the garden district. We then headed further down Magazine St for some window shopping. If I lived in New Orleans I'd be a regular at this place. Oh, and the 2 young ladies working there were so nice. We had a great little chat with them. 5 stars, A++. Thank you!Amazing coffee and teas! I personally am a big fan of the NOLA cold brew sweetened and the chai tea lattes. The food is also incredible. The avocado toast and the grilled cheese are my favorites. Would definitely recommend these! 
It usually is quite crowded so I would not reccomend if you are looking for a place to study. But never much of a wait.This place is amazing. I came in for collision conference and stumbled upon this cafe on my way back from a local gym. The coffee was very good, and the waffle sandwich was incredible. The staff is friendly and the coffee is excellent. 
I can't say enough good things about French Truck Coffee. You really need to stop in and try them if you're in the area.Good layout and design of this location.  The cafe au lait is excellent and I like the pastries as well.  The mix between indoor and outdoor space is great.Excellence and friendly service from Elliot and the food is great. Definitely a nice place to dine on some French food in a relaxed atmosphere... I recommend this place to everyone.Great place to study and spend the day. The WiFi was good not great(I'd say 4/5 stars). Tons of seating plus outdoors area. I'm not sure how the WiFi is outside because it was raining so I couldn't check it out. Also nice lunch food options so you really can stay for a while. It's the most adorable little coffee shop from the outside. Check it out!The coffee is great and matches Intelligentsia in quality. The service leaves much to be desired, however. The girl and guy at the cash register did not seem very willing to pay attention to customers but were deeply engrossed in banter. I had to ask about the coffee notes (no flyers around) and she did not even know - she just said some were dark and some were medium roast. When I asked the difference between 2 Columbia coffees (red and blue labels) she replied: "One is special so it's more expensive at $25." And she had to ask me twice if I wanted it ground (I'd told her the first time that I'd grind it myself at home).  When one works in a coffee shop with a great reputation, one is expected to know about the product and be willing to place service and the customer first rather than cater to other personal mundane pleasures.Oh my goodness. The coffee is delicious. The baristas know their product, but are not snobby about it (which I appreciate). The baked goods and sandwiches are also treat. The atmosphere is modern with indoor and outdoor seating!I always look for a local roaster everywhere I go! Glad I found this hidden gem. Loved their New Orleans iced coffee.As I coffee lover- I can confidently say- this is the best coffee I've ever had!!! I keep making my way here for a New Orleans iced coffee with almond milk. It's absolutely amazing!!!! I have started buying their whole roast from Rouses, but nothing compares to the in-house coffee. Love this great new place- the food is awesome too!This place is exceptionally charming.  I honestly spent more time photographing the place for painting inspiration.  I appreciate beautiful spaces.  The coffee is solidly good.  The pastry I had was lovely and fresh.  I would like to visit more often.Cute restaurant. Good food. Don't go if you are in a hurry. Staff oblivious to what is needed in the dining area. Had a tough time getting their attention when their nose was in their cell phone.This is probably the loveliest and coolest coffee house i have been to in years. The barista was friendly, informative and fun to talk to. I was impressed by the choice of seating and the coffee was excellent. I enjoyed my salad as well. Bravo.Best coffee in town, hands down. Their iced cold drip is so tasty it makes me want to cry. Plus, they use this amazing creamy almond coconut milk with it which makes a wonderful wonderful drink. They also offer iced teas made with a concentrate using either flat or sparkling water. What an awesome idea! The only drawback about this place is that they have two or three outlets total in the joint so don't plan on working there for very long unless you enjoy being on the receiving end of a fisheye.  Food is very tasty and creative.  Staff is friendly and fast.  Patio and porch rocking chairs do not suck in the least.Loved this cafe, it got busy right as we were leaving but we still enjoyed the experience. I would recommend the waffle sandwich and avocado toast for sure !Perhaps I should have read the reviews before I tried this place... Iced coffee was great but the only milk options are whole or coconut milk. For me, this is enough to not come back. I'll keep going to the other locally owned place across the street...The absolute BEST COFFEE anywhere. Discovered French Truck at a small, cool cafe in Alexandria, LA (1921 Jackson Street Café) and so had to go visit when I hit NOLA. I am officially an addict ever since. And the new café is PERFECT and Fab-Fantastic!!! The food is lovely and inspired. The staff are sweet...great job y'all!Had an iced vanilla latte. Great espresso! It's also such a cute shop! I would highly recommend stopping by when you're in the area!I REALLY wanted to give this place more stars because it's cute and stands out from a lot of the places here in New Orleans that serve the same food but I just can't. The food is way overpriced for what you get, the coffee is decent but for some reason the cream in my iced coffee and my wife's chai latte was clumpy. Not sure what happened there. I would not come back here for food at all as it was mediocre at best and you get charged a premium price for it but the coffee was half decent which is the reason for one of the stars, the second star is because it's easy to park.I just moved here four days ago when I happened upon the French truck café. I still had not unpacked my coffee pot and was in dire need of a good cup of Joe. I did not realize the establishment was brand-new. It close to my new home and a cool place to hang out for an hour. I thought that this would be a place I would come every day. When I asked The folks behind the counter what made their coffee so special ( just to make conversation) I was met with nothing more than inquisitive faces... No response really.  Being new to the area I had no idea who or what they were. All they really did was point to their truck outside. So as cool and trendy as it might be, this newcomer did not feel warm and welcome. ( Hence the 2 stars) I will probably give it one more try now that I've been here about a month and they probably are all settled in. I too hope the patio will be dog friendly.  Good luck to u!  
And as a side note I did enjoy the coconut milk in my latte, but would also love a non fat milk/soy option ( which they told me they did not have)We happened to find this place thanks to Yelp and we are so grateful! We had the turkey sandwich which was fantastic. The coffee is delicious and they have a wonderful variety. The atmosphere was great and it is a really cute place. We will be back!Love the coffee! Love that there is no wifi ( I actually didn't even notice since I didn't go there for the wifi I went for the delicious coffee!!!!)  I love the coffee!! ! Love the folks who work there! Love the porch with rocking chairs!!!!!!!!!   Love the neighborhood! Love that it's not a busy crowded hangout!  I wish they opened at 7am instead of 8am on weekends. Did I mention I love the coffee?The coffee here is amazing I gave it another try and I was impressed. The owner values his customers and their experiences! A+Relaxed atmosphere,  all day breakfast,  clean,  Good portions, friendly staff.  Simple recipe to success.  Will return!From the yelp reviews, I was expecting something amazing. The place is lovely but $18 ($9 for 1 slice) for 2 slices (cut in half) for avocado toast!!! The avocado was so thin. Scandalous. The coffee was ok but all in all to expensive.
The service on the other hand was lovely and the are outside was nice to sit at.My family and I stopped in for brunch. My wife had the croissant sandwich. She gave me a bite and it was delicious. I had French toast topped with Banana foster sauce and bacon. It was very tasty. The portion sizes were perfect. It took a little longer than I expected to get our food but my overall experience was good. I will most definitely dine here again when I'm in town.Walked in on a rainy day with my group of 6 & the guy who took our order was so kind and patient while we were trying to decide. I ordered a latte made with their coconut/ almond milk (they don't carry soy) and I was surprised at how wonderfully foamy they were able to make my latte. It tasted amazing, very smooth and creamy, and although there were only a few people on bar/taking orders they were able to produce all of our drinks promptly. The atmosphere is very bright, clean, open, and trendy!  Loved it! They have outside seating under a trellis on the side of the coffee shop "house", and several white rocking chairs in front. I will definitely return and I highly recommend this location!Although New Orleans is home to the world's largest coffee bulk handling plant (Silocaf), not all drinks are created equal. Just as you CAN get a bad meal here, you can also get bitter, improperly roasted, or boringly weak coffee. But French Truck is NOT one of those places. The beans are expertly roasted and the brews are exquisite. Pastries are from a local bakery in Midcity and are 5-star. Finally, the houses are clean and well-stocked, and the staff is knowledgeable, efficient, and friendly. There are a number of excellent roasters and brewers in town, and French Truck is on the top of that list in my opinion.Update: The French Truck Cafe (it's not a coffee shop apparently) wrote me a nice message about my review. I have no ground to stand on since it's his restaurant and he doesn't have to listen to me. However, I 
Hi Dimitiri, I am reading these.  We are a cafe, not a coffee shop and opening a new Yelp account to give us a 3-star review over us providing wi-if isn't going to make me change my mind, in fact, it reinforces my decision. The people who enjoy what we do and reward us with 5-star reviews do so on the merit of our product, service and atmosphere. If all of the tables in our cafe were filled with people having 5 simultaneous conversations online, the atmosphere would be ruined. We hope you choose us when you want to have an enjoyable cafe experience and somewhere else for an online experience. Thanks for your business and the review.  I hope it will be something people read and choose us because of our choice. We hope you'll be back.  All the best.
The atmosphere at French Truck Cafe is spot-on. The coffee is even better. Unfortunately, there's no wi-fi. 
When the barista told me, my jaw dropped and I read the barista's face hoping that she did not think I was an anti-human jerk for wanting to use the internet instead of talk to the stranger next to me. I don't believe that the internet is god's gift to earth and what's the point in having one conversation in person when you can have 5 simultaneous ones online?
However, I go to coffee shops to work. Often times, my work necessitates internet access. Most coffee shops realize that this is what people like to do, but maybe French Truck wants to be more than a hip environment with great coffee?
* French Truck owner, if you are reading this please put wi-fi in your cafe. It is of course yours and your right to do with it what you will, but you'll have at least one more happy customer if you give the people what they want.
*update: While I admire Geoffrey M's idealism, his coffee shop has since switched to a WiFi watering hole for Tulane students. His dreams are in tatters and he has no else but himself to blame.I will never go back to Starbucks which makes everything a latte no matter what you order. You would think they would know the difference. French truck knows the classic cappuccino and even better makes an excellent cortado. Great coffee and great breakfast too.Best ice coffee in Nola. Food is awesome, but a little pricey. I also really like their ice tea selection - they can mix it with sparkling water which is so refreshing!I had been wanting to come here since they opened earlier this year. I finally was in the area at the right time and was able to stop in!
They have a bright orange house in the midst of an Uptown neighborhood. There is a nice porch in front to sit on and it appears they may be adding on an outdoor seating area as well. Inside they have plenty of tables.
We only came for coffee but their lunch menu items sounded really good.
Order the New Orleans Iced Coffee. It's delicious! They do have plenty of other coffee choices, including Pour Overs.
They offer a punch card to earn a free drink. So make sure to ask for one of those.The coffee is really good, and so is the service. But the food is over-priced for its middling quality, and the non-coffee drinks are unremarkable. This wouldn't be a huge problem if the French Truck Cafe focused on being a coffee shop with lagniappe, rather than a jack of all trades. However, rather than showcasing their excellent coffees, this establishment leaves uninitiated guests guessing which coffees are available, and even what some of the drinks are. Meanwhile, the just ok foods are showcased. I'm giving three stars because this place could be so much more.Had the French toast with bacon and banana foster sauce...amazing! Great atmosphere and friendly people!Coffee heaven. They do a REAL pour over. And they do it well. The cortado was smooth. No bitterness. And the folks working there were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. My daughter got a cool lesson on why the pour over is superior and then when she marveled at the designs on the cortado foam the barista offered to make her a small hot chocolate to show her how she does it. Definitely our new favorite coffee stop when we are in Nola. Next time we'll be sampling the avocado toast and gluten free waffles!!The coffee wasn't good! I am surprised people are overly hyped up about this place. Maybe it's just the cold brew but for the price of $7 I won't try it again!3.25/5 cute + food
the thing i recall the most are the interspersed yellow chairs (which i copied and now have similar in my apt). it's like, hey, remember, your butt is on sunshine!
the space itself feels airy, which even when it's full doesn't feel crowded. and boy does it get full - i mean uptowners all about dis. the line has backed up all the way to the door, but they move quickly. they seem chill about campers as long as you purchase every so often, and if you're trying to plug in keep in mind to keep towards the walls. 
i just usually just get an ice coffee, though did venture into some food once and was pleased (tomato soup had some roasted business going on, fancy). when it's busy, it can get a little unclear on exactly which drink is up and sometimes the call system gets funny...i have to ask if the drink is mine and have gotten a tiny bit of a face in return.The food and drinks were amazing! The caprese sandwich was super fresh and the bread was to die for! The NoLa iced coffee was excellent! I liked it so much that I went back twice!Come here almost daily. Excellent coffee,  and interesting well prepared non-typical "coffee house" food choices make this place special. But, it's the friendly, intelligent staff that really sets it apart from all the other coffee spots in NOLA.This is such a cute coffee shop true to the New Orleans tradition of having great places on old homes. Take your time, choose your bean region, have a pour over and relax. Having had my share of great coffee in Seattle and Portland I am always looking for a better choice than large chain mass production coffee. We stopped here because my friend needed to stop and watch a video conference for work. They had wifi so she worked and I read! Will definitely return with a good book.