Yes, it feels amazing to be in my favorite place with my favorite folks!  If you have to pick the ultimate food fest experience, this is it!  Second to this would be the NOLA jazz and heritage fest.  What makes this fest so spectacular????? Thought you'd never ask 
It is a family fest
It is a foodie fest 
It is held in the middle of NOLA
It is free!!!!
Filled with local music
Flooded with local food and drinks 
Let's face it, it's just an all around do whatcha wanna kinda good time
A few food must haves:  trey Yen's crawfish and lobster sauce, Haydel's king cake bread pudding, walker's Cochon de lait po boy, and loretta's praline beignets 
Acts:  Irma Thomas, brass a holics and the rouzan's... and I couldn't forget Wolfman
In short, get here and have an amazing time!A great local festival, one of New Orleans not-so-secret-anymore gems.  Free admission and a prime, central location combine to make this a must-visit festival.  Add in fairly reasonable prices for food and beverage along with lots of corporate feeebies and you're running out of excuses not to come.  This free event is so huge and so awesome, you'll find yourself WANTING to spend some money, just to support the fest and ensure it keeps going.  The past two years have had awesome weather and great acts, which equals to record turnout.  Despite that, getting here is easy and not much hassle to get in.  Know before you go: outside food and beverage are not allowed and they do a cursory bag check at major entrance points.   Here's a tip, though:  if you drink at all and plan on going and coming throughout the weekend, spend $12 on an icy daiquiri that comes in a insulated, signature cup.  You can come back the next day and bring the cup filled with ice water through checkpoints.  When that runs out, get a daiquiri refill for $5.  Cheap way to beat the heat and end up with a cool souvenir.I know he has his detractors, but I hope someday soon, the city of New Orleans erects a statue of Quint Davis to commemorate what he brings to the meaning "festival".  
Easily better than Jazz Fest (both logistically and variety), FQF is open to all and if you're in the GNO there is no legitimate reason why you didn't drop in at least one day.
I spent 6 hours wandering around Saturday (2013) and I think I only spent $30 total (poboy from Boucherie, OZ Mango freeze, and beer). I felt guilty coming home with money in my pocket. I will offer this - the only thing I ingested on Saturday was 8 oz of Stoli, 5 Jockimos, 4 bites of the Mango freeze and the Boucherie poboy....the alcohol portion is par for the course for me so I don't think it was that, but I ended up getting ill later in the day (stomach) so I don't know about the cleanliness of the vendors.
Crowded? Yes....even more so in the late afternoon. Want to check out a headliner in Woldenberg park (Abita or Louis Louis)? Forget about it, you'll never get close. I guess I don't get the idea of bringing a squadron of lawn chairs and camping out at a festival like this.  It isn't really intended to be confined to 30 meters.  The good news is that the sound is mixed very well and you're never too far from a concession stand.  I love that the Trad Jazz stage in the French Market came complete with a dance floor for the city's lindy hoppers.
The bad? Eh, I dunno if its "bad" but a packed environment is only made worse with crippled old folks, baby strollers, and baby momma's drama that impeded any of the traffic flow.  I'd recommend FQF to all out-of-towners to experience some of the finer qualities of NOLA without breaking the bank to make it happen.
The fact that you can get to FQF from the ferries and by street cars (and shuttles) only heightens the experience.
Minor issue, but the fear mongering of "keep FQF free" mantra this year wore on me a little too much.  Maybe it is CCC Toll fatigue, but seriously...how would you even think about charging for FQF? It would be impossible to regulate....give it a restIf jazz fest is for tourists, then the French Quarter fest is for the locals.
Tons of local bands playing music for free!  What could be better than that?  Food?  Oh yeah, there is plenty of it here.  All the food you could possibly want.
The best thing to do is go out there with a blanket, get some food, set up a picnic and enjoy the musical sounds of the city.  One of the best times you can have in New Orleans.Since I've been to the Jazz & Heritage Festival, I was expecting this smaller local music Festival to be kinda lame. But as in Nashville, local talent runs really strong in New Orleans. The French Quarter Fest is a free festival at a few different stages in the FQ (my fave was the Riverfront). 
Food portions are small, I think Jambalaya ran me $5 and I could've eaten two and still been hungry. Abita is served everywhere! And I loved that Hurricanes and other mixed drinks were available- only in NOLA. 
I went on the Sunday only, so I'm sure crowds weren't as bad. People were friendly, and I enjoyed Bucktown All Stars, which included an 89 year old lady killing it on tambourine. I was able to shake her hand later, and I'm never washing it, for the  tambourine mojo! Anyway, great festival- highly recommended.Jazz fest is what it is...In this modern world, I can't hardly begrudge someone who loves coming down to New Orleans to pay $50 a day to see lots of good bands play, apparently live music is expensive thesxe days and that's a fine deal...but it ain't for me.  Buying water, only Miller Lite around, no shade, folks with their fold a chairs taped to each other to mark off territory; and being a few hundred yards away from the bands... it's all kind of meh to me.
French Quarter Fest is the opposite.  Let's start with location...the French Quarter.  Hard to beat that.  bars restaurants, architecture, cheap to go beer, with stages intermingled amongst it all.  The price to see the cities best brass, zydeco, funk, and assorted local hip rocker - a nice round number - free. Hard to beat that.  As Jazzfest finds less and less room for the struggling local bands that make this city what it is, French Quarter fest opens it's arms bigger.  The line-up is a who's who of New Orleans sounds packed into 3 days...nothing could be better.
Jackson Square is filled with food vendors, 5-6 bucks has you tasting samples from all the tasty places in town...do not wait until Sunday to eat, though, food lines get longer as the weekend goes on.  Speaking of which, come night time,  you can still get a seat at any of the local restaurants, something neither fun nor easy during jazzfest.
Book a room for the weekend...eat, drink, and listen to music to your hearts content...this is one of the greatest weekends in New Orleans, and getting bigger every year, so come soon, while the getting is good.What else can I say, it has grown again this year, now a band on Decatur, Can hear them from my balcony. Still the best fest in La.First time going and was in awe. Love to celebrate our city's rich culture and def the FOOD!!Amazing FREE festival in the French Quarter. Live music venues set up throughout the Quarter with food and drink vendors nearby. The "Battle of the Bands" event was super fun. The atmosphere was great, really gave us that NOLA fun-loving vibe for our trip.Yes its gotten waaay more crowded than it used to be to the point of being extremely inconvenient compared to the more laid back and less crowded days of the past.  Yes the portion size of SOME of the food along with the price on ALL of the food has gone up.  Yes there are long lines to eat, drink, use the port-o-lets, and throngs of crowds packed up against the stages.  If you've been to Jazz Fest this is nothing new but FQ Fest for awhile was a "bit" like Jazz Fest used to be before it became the gigantic corporate monster it now is.  Well both FQ Fest and Jazz Fest are now both very large and healthy monsters but sometimes you gotta face the monster, tame it, and learn to ride it then you can have a great time.  
If you don't like the lines, crowds, and HEAT you can always go to one of the hundreds of French Quarter bars or restaurants as it is still a FREE festival!  I love wandering all over the Quarter during FQ Fest in addition to just staying in the boundaries of the "official" fest areas of the river front, mint, and Jackson Square.  They have other stages set up all over the Quarter and you can have a great time all over the entire area.  I love to snack on as many tasty treats as I can on a food booth grazing tour but a lot of the items are things that as a local I can get everyday so the key is to target the booths with things that are usually only served during fest time.  
If you want a smaller and less crowded festival then just go to Wednesday on the Square or be a total fest whore like me and do it all!
Tip 1:  Leave the baby strollers at home as they are the worst offenders at causing pedestrian traffic jams.  If you MUST have a baby and its stroller at the fest then just stay away from the river front as it isn't safe for the baby or others that might get smashed into your stroller by the crowd.
Tip 2:  Leave your chairs at home as there isn't enough space to set up long lines of chairs and it is a real safety hazard and I will still barrel through your comfy encampment in a heartbeat on my way back and forth to get beer or go to the bathroom so don't think you're safe from my big ugly feet stomping through your "section" just because you're in a chair.  Your very rude and inconsiderate actions in blocking off massive areas to walking traffic force me to be slightly less inconsiderate to force a path through your little fortress of solitude not to mention the thousands of people behind me pushing me onwards.  If you MUST bring your chairs to sit in make sure to not smash them all together and leave space for people to walk through or both you and everybody around you will be miserable.  Its sad I even have to mention this but common sense obviously isn't so common anymore much less common courtesy.My favorite fest ever!!!!!! So excited about FQF every year. I am getting so pumped about this super free festival. Who doesn't like free music, some of  the best food you can get all smashed into one part of the city, it's almost like a free what jazz fest should really be fest, and it's in the quarter where all the shops and restaurants are open for business if you need to get out of the sun. My favorite food that I always look forward to getting is the cochon de lait poboy from  Love at First Bite, usually located on the riverfront, then I love the crawfish and goat cheese crepes from Muriel's located in Jackson Square. I always have to make my stop at El Gato Negro to get my pineapple cilantro margarita while I am walking around, can't bring it into the fest areas, but there is so much to see and do outside of those enclosed areas that it's not hard to finish my drink on the outside, especially since at the area near El Gato Negro which is the Mint, it's really easy to just stand on the outside of the fence and watch the music from the street. I will soon have an update to this review seeing as that FQF is only a week and a half away. Can't wait, until then this is my recount of year's past!This is such a great festival. It offers awesome entertainment, plenty of area restaurants and it's FREE!!!!!!
I like the fact that the vendors typically return to the same area so they are easy to find it you have a favorite. I am already looking forward to next year.The best free festival in America. Best food, music, weather and location. For my money its better than Jazz Fest.Thirty years of the best FREE music and food!!  I have attended all 30 and can't believe the growth. Planning my day around eating and my husbands music preferences is a fun challenge. 
Happy to say that the planning was successful. 
Can't wait till next year.Best free event I've attended.  Well basically it's no different than any other weekend walking around the French Quarter (great people watching, big crowds, strong drinks, great food)...except there's main stages set up on different streets with great zydeco, jazz, international, etc. There are NOT 20+ stages set up throughout the quarter....unless you count stages inside a few bars. TIP: bring a folding chair, read the schedule to find an act you want to hear, grab a cold drink, walk to said stage, plop your chair in the middle of the street, sit your butt down and enjoy, repeat. 
Also, some trashy, rude people feel they need to dance and talk in front of the stage, assuming everyone else wants to watch their obnoxious behavior instead of enjoy the band. Dance all you want, just do it to the side, talk all you want, just don't scream at your friends in the back and disrespect everyone around you. You know who you are....especially girl in skirt and black tank top who thought she was hot, but had back fat busting out looking like two pigs in a wrestling match.New Orleans knows how to throw a party and French Quarter Fest is proof, It is growing maybe out of control, but it is still free, the music, food, venue is perfect. There is no better Festival anywhere. And the weather this year is much better than last so I would give it six stars if I could.It was our first FQ festival and it was great. The music is all free and you just pay for food. Jazz Fest is too expensive now. When we arrived in New Orleans, we purchased chairs at CVS and we were all set. Bring sunscreen and a hat.
The best strategy is to pick a stage and stay there for the day. We saw Aaron Neville at his first FQ festival this year. He was exceptional. The music was all good. We liked Cha Wa and when you purchase their CD they also give you a card for a free download.
If you want to dine at FQ restaurants make your reservations well in advance.This year i went for the last day and saw a few good bands...the HoB stage (where i spent most of the time) wasn't very crowded (oddly enough)...but then i went to the Esplanade in the Shade stage and was greeted by the ridiculous crowd i remembered from last year...I LOVE MY CITY!!! This is the French Quarter on steroids. I love what this festival does to the French Quarter. Great food and great music in a great setting.. all at once. 
I hope visitors that have never been to New Orleans come during this event so they can see how great this city is.If you just go and get some booze and food, preferably from someplace outside of the jackson square lot that is overpriced, you can sit or stand or walk around and people watch and listen to music and just explore the quarter.  I went with zero expectations and just wandered around and discovered many interesting people playing music and dancing and eating and things happening.  The best things in the quarter are the unexpected, just wandering around and discovering life all around.  So just go and wander, it's free.Out of all of the local festivals, this one is probably my favorite. #1 reason could be that it's free, but I also just love the vibe. It's in the French Quarter, one of my favorite parts of town, and you get to sample amazing food from amazing restaurants. For instance, I have never been to Muriel's because they're pretty pricey, but I know they must be good because I always get their killer crepes at French Quarter Fest. 
French Quarter Fest always happens at the perfect time of year too... it's usually not even quite as hot as it is a few weeks later for Jazz Fest, and this tends to be more of a locals festival because it's not as well known as Jazz Fest. Personally, if I was a tourist, I'd recommend coming into town for this one instead of Jazz Fest... you'll get a better feel for the real New Orleans, plus you'll save some money. (I'm guessing room rates aren't as jacked up during FQF as they are for Jazz Fest.)
Last year I made it out to French Quarter Fest for all 3 days... it's totally worth the trip.This has become a yearly event for us. If you like food and music, this should not be passed up. It all takes place in the French Quarter, making for adventure at each corner you turn.
All the local restaurants set up vendor booths and provide you with all the local flavors at very reasonable prices.
I plan to make this a yearly adventure until the day I die.OK, so I might be biased considering that I did my internship with a FABULOUS team of colleagues back in 2007. However, I have happily watched this festival grow. I must admit, I've never spent much time out of the Jackson Sq. area during the three years I contributed to the squares's site management but have always loved its vibe. The music in the square has changed a bit and I think for the better. This year we watched Chris Owens rock the stage! So excellent. These days I volunteer in the beer booth but still love the fest. So yea, five stars.What a great festival!! 
-It's FREE admission
-FREE, awesome, music
-Lot's of food and beverage stands
-Lot's of garbage cans (sounds random, but too many festivals don't seem to have enough!)
-First aid booth that has FREE sunblock
The only thing I would warn you of would be if you are not a person good in crowds-this was pretty crowded. Granted, I've seen much worse (ahem, Mardi Gras?) It's not bad watching the bands or anything, just getting from here to there. Patience is a MUST. I went on Friday and it wasn't too crazy busy. Saturday was definitely much busier (as can be expected). I would highly recommend this festival, though!French Quarter Festival folks.....you have done an awesome job with this festival.    Everyone out there that I saw yesterday was having a great time enjoying the music, the weather, the scenery, their families.   What an awesome way to enjoy this great city of yours.   I loved that things were spread out all over the Quarter - we wandered and hear many many talented musicians.   Hadn't heard of many of them but I claim totally ignorance of most music scenes.   I rate things on How I like them.  
 I have done it all  before - Mardigras, Jazz Fest and this is something very special.   You made people happy this weekend.   Even the food was reasonably priced and full of choices for everyone.    Lots of happy people were seen.    Keep this up - you have something truly special going here.   We Texans will be back!   Thank you!This festival is so fun, laid-back, and a bit crazy (in a good way).  Bourbon Street was intensley packed for most of the day - after 9 PM was the biggest crowd.  Be aware that most of the bars hire people to lure crowds into their business.  The biggest special was the "3 for 1."  The bars would give 3 beers or 3 well drinks for the price of 1.  The well drinks ended up being a deal since they charged the typical $6.25 but a Corona should not be $8.  When I talked to one of the managers about this upcharge he kept telling me, "but you get 3 beers for $8."  I tried to explain that the special is to get 3 beers for the price of 1 not 3 beers for the price of...three beers.  
The coolest part to many of the bars was hanging out on the balcony.  Thankfully there are bouncers that monitor how many people are allowed up there!  
Most of the shops are open late and there is a plethora of interesting street performers from singers, painters, drag queens and statues (you just have to see them).  
The festival is a blast but I wouldn't highly recommend it for little kids.Gone are the days when this was for locals...  gone are the customers from the qtr while the city and chevron push the masses to the waterfront...  where thousands of tourists have ruined a locals fest.  Overpriced and ridiculous...  even got searched this year.  Yelled at to chug my drink since your not allowed to bring any to the waterfont.  Told I cannot park my bike on waterfront.  No no no is all I heard.  Do yourselves a favor...  stroll bourbon street and the clubs.  They go out their way to get great acts and you can do whatcha wanna.  I even rolled the parade this year.  Next year?  No thanks.  Corporate sponsors have killed another great festival in our city.  Unless you like being shoved in like sardines...I love this festival hands down it's the best!! I attended the kickoff on Thursday and sitting by the Mississippi River under a tree baby life does not get any better. I enjoyed myself by myself. The music was awesome as always but what do you expect it's nola baby. The fare was extra this year last year was a hit and miss. Please try the fish tacos from gwfins I ate two and took two to-go.. Also, try the crawfish cakes with the crawfish sauce it was $6 but so worth it. So get out and enjoy yourself in the greatest city in the world!!Koz's Oyster's and Muffs are on point! Praline Cheesecake is like Cheesecake with a praline candy bar finisher! It's a beautiful day on the river!It sounded like a good idea, so we went down there.  It was a GREAT idea!  I loved the way that they put this on, the variety offered, and, of course, the price.  You can't beat free.  You will, however, pay for that "free" price with increased prices for accommodations.  We stayed at the Chateau Le Moyne over on Dauphine Street, and, the weekend of the Festival, our room rate TRIPLED!  What's worse about that is that we booked over a month in advance, and they still would not guarantee us a King bed.  
We were really disappointed with the hotel.  The Festival, on the other hand, was wonderful. 
There are stages all over the French Quarter that you can wander to and from at your leisure.  There were at least 12 outdoor stages, and a number of others at indoor locations, like Preservation Hall.  You could listen to Zydeco over on Decatur, wander up on top of the levee to listen to oldies, or you walk over by the Riverwalk, and listen to jazz.  Almost every kind and type of music you can imagine was represented, and it was all good.  I especially enjoyed listening to some of the young musicians and their bands.  A great time was had by all.  
Another good aspect of the Festival is the food and beverage concession.  You can buy "coupons" if you want to, but they all take cash as well, and the prices are reasonable.  In fact, the prices charged at the Festival for food and drink were actually comparable to, or lower than those you find everyday on Bourbon Street.  We especially loved that there were a number of "vegetarian," and "vegan" offerings.  Of course, you could buy the traditional foods of New Orleans, but there was enough variety to keep everyone attending happening.  One really nice aspect of the concessions is that there were enough of them around, and enough volunteers manning the tables that the wait for anything was never very long at all, and, frequently, there was not wait at all!  All in all, a superbly run event.  My compliments to all involved, especially the New Orleans Police who politely made their presence known, and kept a watchful eye on the proceedings.  
As for the people with babies who complained about the difficulty getting through the crowds with baby carriages, what did you expect?  I found that those people could have easily avoided any problems by taking the longer route to their event instead of trying to plow through a crowd of people trying to watch a performance.  So, the real problem wasn't the crowd so much as it was the people with the baby carriages expecting everyone else to get out of their way instead of thinking and taking the necessary precautions.  Most of the venues were so spread out that there was always plenty of walking room for everyone, and the police even saw to it that space for travel was left available.  In my estimation, that is one of the BEAUTIES of this event - it is so spread out, that you don't have to engage a large crowd if you don't want to, ever!
No matter who you are, what kind of music you enjoy, or from what walk of life you come, you can enjoy this festival.  It is especially great for people who are mobile, and like to walk.  Just remember to bring some sunscreen, and a portable chair if you have one.First time going to FQF and it was awesome!
Went on a Thursday - not as crowded as I thought it would be, but also could be because it was a Thursday...a plus was that it was nice weather!
Should definitely come out - it's free! Come walk around and enjoy local bands from a handful of stages and try some things from a multitude of booths! (Like alligator sausage, cajun meat, and crawfish pie! YUM!)
Definitely family friendly, laid back, and fun atmosphere.Lunch today,  great music and fantastic food spread all over the French Quarter just waiting for us to enjoy. A good way for you to sample dishes from the areas restaurants while being entertained by many of famous and less known entertainers.It was crowded, hot, and chaotic. However, it was everything I wanted it to be. 
Great friends, food, and music. 
I got my hands on the food that I wanted to try - krispy kreme bread pudding, jambalaya with hot sausage, curry chicken patty, and a few other food items that weren't on my "must have" list but were awesome.
Much like the road food festival a couple of weeks ago, I do wish they had smaller portions at lower prices, so that it would be easier to try a large variety of foods. Alas, you either buy a full portion, or nothing at all.
Prepare to walk pretty far if you are looking for parking, as with any downtown festival. I noticed that they had a shuttle, although not sure where the pick up/drop off points were, or how much it cost. I may have to look into this next year.FQF has long been my favorite festival and sadly, it seems to be everyone else's too!  I'm very happy that it has been so successful but of course, this makes it more crowded and difficult to navigate.  So, yes, I prefer it a little smaller but I still had a great time and somehow always managed to find a little corner of shade to relax in.  
In addition to soaking up the sun, hearing good music and eating, I got to stop in at a few open houses for places I could never afford but I loved getting to glimpse into some of the Quarter's elusive courtyards.  Also, I love wandering around the Quarter all day because I never fail to discover some little hole in the wall bar/shop/whatever.Before I even stepped foot into the festival, one of the bag checkers at the entrance started yelling and screaming at me in a rude manor that she "did not speak Chinese." I can only assume this is because I am Asian? It later occurred to me that even though I had followed the rules in the bag check line, her associate finished checking my bag without instructing me on which path I should be walking to enter the festival. I was walking in front of their tables rather than behind. Regardless, I believe whole heartedly that this incident could have been corrected in a number of ways without breaking down to racial remarks and accusing me of not speaking English when I have lived in the USA most of my life. Hire better people for your festival. Great way to welcome people New Orleans!  Rest of the festival was pretty mediocre considering this was my first impression. Don't need to go for mediocre food and mediocre performances. I'd rather spend my money somewhere else.2018 is the fifth time for us. As always, fantastic, well organized, fun.
Thanks to all that worked so hard to make year #35 a success.I would give this event five stars if based on my trip in 2011, but after attending this year's festival I'm bumping it down one because of the severe overcrowding.  
It's such a fun opportunity to try all the local food, at a much cheaper cost than if you went to the actual restaurant.  Plus you get to carry a cocktail and listen to live music while you eat. Perfection!
I sadly kind of hope they charge an entrance fee next year.  That could maybe help minimize the crowds a bit more and make it so much more enjoyable. 
In that case, I'd gladly bump the FQF back up to five stars.Go, geaux, geaux for FREE music, good food, and fun time.  Enjoyed the French Quarter for several years in the past, 2014 was no exception.  Wear comfortable shoes for walking a lot from stage to stage located all around the French Quarter from the Old Mint to Jackson Square to Woldenberg Riverfront to Bourbon Street and more.
Lots of choices for yummy food from over 50 different restaurants.  Food cost ranged around $5 - $7 for a small portion.  The idea is to purchase and taste several different foods or as much as your stomach can hold.     
My favorites were Crawfish Louise from Court of Two Sisters and Creole sausage poboy from Vaucresson Sausage.  I also enjoyed smoked brisket poboy dressed with cole slaw from The Joint, and crab and shrimp stuffed mirleton from Tujague's.  Snoballs from Plum Street Snoballs were refreshing.  My partner loved the Abita beers from Louisiana's Abita Brewery.
I wanted to try roast beef debris poboys from Bourbon House, and crepes with goat cheese and shrimp or crawfish from Muriel's, but ran out of time and stomach space...so much to eat.   
Oh, a long row of portable toilets are located in the Wolenberg Park area near the rail road tracks. 
Go and enjoy the French Quarter Festival.  Admission is FREE  :-)The French Quarter Festival is horrible.  Everyone stay away.  It's way too expensive, way too crowded, and the music is horrible . . . .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
OK, now that we've gotten rid of the people who just skim the reviews, let me tell you that this is one of the best music festivals -- not just in the country, but in the world.  Seventeen stages -- count 'em, 17 -- in and around the Quarter and on the riverfront offering great jazz, from traditional Dixie and New Orleans Brass, to Samba, Zydeco and -- yeah, OK, even the standards most commonly associated with lounge acts . . . but here, they take on a more authentic flavor . . . .
Great street food, great cocktails and Abita beer -- sales from all the food and merchandise help keep the French Quarter Festival free.  
A great time, a great place, a great city . . .I really love the idea of the French Quarter Festival. The problem I had is that the crowds were so large that it was nearly impossible to enjoy it.
The festival runs from Thursday through Sunday. Thursday and Friday are the days to go, as they are significantly less crowded.
 I had to work both Thursday and Friday this year so I couldn't enjoy the full festival those days. What I did do was check out Zydeco/Cajun music stage near the aquarium during lunch both days. It was great. With great local artists playing almost continuously, the small crowd was able to sit back and watch or two step to their heart's content. Then came Saturday.
I parked on the westbank and took the quick ride across the ferry. Upon arrival on the east bank I was a bit worried. There were people everywhere. Once I entered the actual festival grounds by the aquarium, I realized I had made a mistake. There were chairs and blankets taking up nearly every piece of ground around the stages. Food and beverage booths had lines of at least 30 people. I tried moving towards other areas of the festival, but encountered the same issue.
Because it was so crowded, the quarter took on an almost street party like atmosphere (more than normal). It was very cool to stroll down Decatur with thousands of people and no cars. 
In summary, the French Quarter Festival is awesome on Thursday and Friday. Saturday and Sunday are too crowded.In 2007 on our first post-Katrina NOLA visit we stumbled upon FQF. What a find!  We've been back every year since then and we love it. This year we volunteered for the first time and that was a blast. See y'all next year!I have experienced French Quarter Fest as both a tourist and a local now. As a tourist, I probably would have given it four stars. It seemed crowded, chaotic, and overwhelming. How am I supposed to see all the music I want and get all the food I want in two days?! The new and improved local me answers calmly. "You don't." That's not what this festival is about. This festival reminds us as New Orleanians how lucky we are to live in such a great city full of amazing music, outstanding food, and gorgeous surroundings. 
Yesterday I went to the festival, parked in a convenient spot in the CBD, and made my way down to the Quarter. I stopped by Jackson Square, but the place to be was by the river. Four stages of music, plenty of food and beer vendors and most importantly a cool refreshing breeze from the Mississippi. I grabbed a cochon de lait (my favorite festival food), an Abita, and found a spot on a set of steps to enjoy some Paul Sanchez. Later we walked up and down the river, taking in all the performers and a variety of music, grabbed a snoball, and made it back to catch a great Glen David Andrews/ Amanda Shaw show. It was one of those great New Orleans days. 
Tips for the FQF:  
1) Get the FQF app. For $0.99 you can have access to all the stage listings and food listings at the festival. It also comes with an encore flame.
2) Don't bring chairs. This is not Jazzfest and you will be on the move. Bring a blanket or something less bulky, there is plenty of grass and random seating areas throughout the different parks. 
3) Experience it all but don't push yourself. Enjoy trying new foods or loving your old ones. Hear musicians you've never heard of and dance along with the old favorites. Just don't kill yourself trying to do everything.
4) Don't stress. Yes, at times it will be crowded, at times a drunk person will step on your foot, at times people will annoy you by standing in line for ten minutes at a booth that only sells three things and yet they still have to ponder what they want when they get to the front of the line. Wander the Quarter for a bit and relax. 
5) Enjoy my favorite festival.If you have some time to spend in New Orleans - you might want to just spend all of April & May there - the place is full of awesome music festivals and it's really hard to choose the FQ Festival over Jazz Fest or vice versa.
The location & line up are always fantastic - and you don't have to worry about "in and out" privileges or such.  Taking away 1 star because they don't allow dogs - and well behaved dogs should be welcome everywhere in public spaces!I meant one star! Yeah...one! That's the ticket!
If you are from out of town, STAY AWAY from the French Quarter Festival! It's horrible. We, the people of New Orleans have terrible musicians and taste in music. We also cook the worst foods in the world. Really, it's horrible. We eat mud bugs for goodness sake, we can't be right in the heads! We break open mollusks and eat them alive and we put OLIVES on perfectly good ham sammaches.
We cut open French Bread and shove all kinds of stuff inside and call it food!
So save yourself and we'll undertake the onorous task of sopping up this terrible food ourselves and you can go home to some nice meatloaf.
 You're welcome.
My only real complaint about FQF is the vendors are getting ridiculous with their pricing and portions. As was over-heard today from a woman in a large hat, Hawaiian shirt, black socks and sandles and with no sense of fashion,"I'd rather pay less to get less food so I can eat more different stuff." 
As a local, I agree. Pre-Katrina FQF's menu has $3-4 dollar items all over it. I don't remember much being over $6. Now, it's hard to FIND anything less than $6. Don't mess it up by over-charging please. A friend who works the booths said the tips suck because people are already upset over the high prices. STOP it, dammit.The poor man's Jazz Fest! I like the FQ fest because it is free, the bands that play are really good and the logistics are easy. This is the place where I heard the Stooges Brass Band play for the first time and I'm hooked. This is the place where I had fried chicken livers for the first time and I'm hooked. This festival is more hassle-free and did I mention it is free? The only problem I see is that more and more people are coming to FQF and it can feel crowded at times.If you are a musician or just a music lover, French quarter festival is by far the best free festival New Orleans has to offer.
Tons of food, bands and  good times.Just got home after spending a dreadful half hour at the French Quarter Festival. We went to the large stage on the river to hear Aaron Neville at 3:45PM on Thursday. The crowds were so massive in that small area that we left as soon as we got there. I cannot imagine what the weekend will be like. All I know is I won't be there.It's an OK festival, especially given that it's free.  This used to be the "locals" festival but these days it's just gotten too big - especially in the Riverfront space which has a lot of the food and the larger music stages.  Don't even bother trying to catch some of the larger acts on Saturday - you just can't move and it's way too claustrophobic.
The nice thing about French Quarter Fest is that you can actually walk throughout the FQ - and even Bourbon Street - and enjoy great music and food.  I know, it's a surprise to me too given the general "touron" focus of many businesses in the French Quarter and especially on Bourbon St.  I'll probably go back next year for French Quarter Fest but you really need to plan your schedule and unfortunately avoid the riverfront much of the time.Living in DC for over a decade, I've been to my share of festivals, but most of them aren't free. And if they are free, they certainly are not even close to the caliber of the FQF. 
Great music, awesome (and CHEAP - holy hell!) food and beer. The food and drink set up was quite organized, and the lines weren't too bad. I bought an excellent smoked crawfish po'boy with avocado and tomatoes for 7 bucks, and I think that was the most expensive food I saw listed at any stand. 
There were all sorts of people there--the old, the young, the homeless, the crazy, the beautiful--and everyone seemed to be having a great time. I ventured into Jackson Square, Woldenberg Park, and the House of Blues Stage on Iberville. Great times!A free music festival in the heart of the French Quarter...How can anyone not rate this fest anything but 5 stars?!
Friday night we watched some fantastic bands in Jackson Square and Riverwalk. On Saturday, there were stages set up all along Bourbon Street and the bands were incredible. 
In Jackson Square, there were vendors set up selling Abita on draft, Jack Daniels concoctions, entrees, light bites, desserts and everything in between. 
The atmosphere goes unmatched. The passion from the musicians trickles into the crowd, as fans dance like no one's watching. Would recommend to anyone with a soul!The BEST festival in New Orleans!! There are multiple stages spread throughout the quarter, and the music fills the streets. The food is delicious, and very cost effective! Some of the best restaurants in New Orleans were represented, and no entrée was over $8.00. We have four small children, ages 10, 8, 6, and 4, who had an absolute blast right along with us. It was very family friendly, without losing that flair that makes festivals in New Orleans unique. I can't wait until next year!I would say this is definitely in my top 3 favorite festivals in the world. The event is HUGE. The prices are pretty reasonable for food and drink (get the refills, the drinks are strong, you can order a double shot on top of them, and it will *probably* save you money instead of going to the bars) and it's free to roam around, people watch (WHOA!), listen to a bunch of great music and musicians, see and purchase unique art, and galavant through the Quarter like you own the place. Everyone seemed to be having a great time, and it is so organized that you'd think there must be witchcraft involved. The location of this festival just can't be beat and you can eat from some of the best restaurants in the city all in one spot...without a reservation.Went as a tourist from Florida. Great time. Well organized. Loved it.
Thanks NOLA!The FQF was a surprise bonus to my first trip to NOLA (the only down side was the sharp increase in the nightly cost of the hotel room due to the festival). My husband and I joined his brother and his wife and their two teenage kids for 6 days in the Big Easy. The music was incredible and the food was plentiful (though I had to detox after I got home - not the healthiest of cuisines). The people of NOLA are warm, friendly and exceedingly helpful. The highlight of the festival was hearing the Treme Band play at the legendary Preservation Hall (especially in light of the new HBO series "Treme" from the creators of "The Wire"). I am looking forward to a return trip to NOLA!If you've never been, we recommend hitting up FQF's webpage at: http://www.fqfi.org/frenchquarterfest/ 
Or you can download their super nifty smartphone app. 
Of course you're probably looking for us to lay out your entire weekend for you, but "the largest free music festival in the south" is just a wee bit too extensive for our little fingers to handle. So we're leaving it to you to seek out the music that livens your soul and go eat the food from which you'd like to be full. You can find your way, we believe in you. 
However, we have compiled a list of 4 very simple tasks for you to accomplish this weekend:
* Eat
* Drink
* Be Merry
* Be completely and utterly obsessed, consumed, dominated, riveted and engrossed by the French Quarter. This is one of New Orleans most prized and loved possessions and you're lucky enough experience every single magical idiosyncrasy being thrown at you in just 72 hours. 
So while you're out there this weekend and you find yourself suddenly overcome with the urge to stop dead in your tracks and scream out "THANK YOU, NEW ORLEANS" at the top of your lungs. Just do it. It's likely a member of the LOC team just did it ten seconds ago, across Jacksons Square. And that would be sweet if some random person heard both of us. 
And be sure to follow us on twitter @loveourcitynola for up to date reviews on the massive amounts of eating/drinking/music enjoying that we plan to do over the next three days. (That is of course if our cell phone connections feel like battling the 1/2 million people that are expected to be in attendance over the weekend. We've been whispering sweet nothings to Siri all week in hope that she'll be kind in connecting us to the intrawebs throughout the fest...)
"Laissez les bon temps rouler"
          - LOC's Uncle FESTer 
            (A proud LoveOurCityNola team member)So much great, free music! And food: Two thumbs up for Jack Dempsey's soft shell crab po' boy ($10). WWOZ's mango freeze was delightful & refreshing ($5). Desire Oyster Bar had some truly epic chicken & waffles with cane syrup ($8--with some chicken portions being more generous than others). The hands-down winner, though, was Restaurant R'evolution with their sugarcane glazed pork belly po' boy (the best $9 I ever spent in my life). 
Pro tip: be aware this thing shuts down at 7pm prompt. Which is nice, but also a little weird for those of us from other cities accustomed to festivals running later.BEST NOLA FESTIVAL OUT THERE!!  If you ever go to any festival French Quarter Festival is a must.  You can beat it:
-free admission
-free music
-clean (well for the most part considering there is a trash can at every few steps)
-tons of portable toilets (even though I dread using them, its nice to see they have more than enough to accommodate the crowd)
-a variety of beverage and food vendors
-reasonable prices 
FQF is all about the food to say the least.  There is so much variety to choose from, you won't know where to start..seriously! The food is offered at reasonable prices especially from restaurants like Antoines (to die for Baked Alaska), NOLA,  Royal House, Crabby Jacks, Jacquemoes to name just a few! The crowds are large but the FQF spans between 3 separate parts that its easy to fight the crowds.Once again, French Quarter Fest was awesome. It is easily my favorite festival of the year. The weather was great and the food was delicious. Muriel's crawfish and goat cheese crepes are always amazing. Had some great boudin and creole hot sausage from crescent pie and sausage, then hit up all my favorite spots; crawfish meat pies from mrs. wheats, nutela crepes from crepe al a cart,  and boiled crawfish from rouses over at the mint. Already can't wait till next year.I love French Quarter festival. I love the fact that it's free, you can listen to great music, and eat yummy food from some of the best restaurants in the city. Would be 5+++stars if it wasn't for the fact that it's so freaking crowded! The last few years we have gone on Friday, and apparently everybody else has the same idea as us to take off work and go. I do appreciate that they opened up the new section in the lot on Decatur. Not sure where else they can spread out to, but  I wish they could.  A few years ago, I could go Friday, Saturday, and Sunday and be great. Now I'm DONE after one day.  My tolerance for crowds has definitely changed.Came here with my cousin with the explicit mission to find meat pies.  And we did.  Basically, the first food area we came to (the parking lot next to Jax), had a Lasyone Meat Pie Restaurant booth.  We got our meat pies and meandered down Decatur to one of the stages, where Amanda Shaw was playing.  Gotta love that red-headed fiddle phenom!.  And that was pretty much the extent of our FQF experience.  It was brief, but very good.The idea of French Quarter Fest is great, the Fest itself was once great, the free music is great, the restaurants that participate are great but the Fest itself has become just OK.  
The FQ Fest as my grandma would say "has gotten to big for it's britches".  There are 3 areas of the Fest; The Mint, Jackson Square, and Woldenberg Park.  The Mint and Jackson Square are both surrounded by rod iron fences and you feel like you are caged in with a bazillion other people.  The food lines are long as hell and the feeling of claustophobia is ever present.  The river area at Woldenberg park is no better as it is equally packed and hard to get around.  Jackson Square stopped serving food at 6 on Saturday causing the other 2 areas to get even more packed.  
Don't get me wrong it's a great cheap way to try a few dishes for some of Nola's best eateries.  The fest itself is free so free is hard to complain about.  So have a few drinks before you get there and be prepared to walk a gazillion miles because parking is a bitch.  The fireworks at 9pm are also a nice touch but the girlfriend and I saw them standing on a street corner in the Bywater with a few beers.The BEST free festival on Earth.  Over 20 stages of great music for 3 days straight, not to mention all the street performers who converge on the city, claiming their respective corners to flaunt their stuff.  Some of the best acts are those random, nameless brass bands you find set up in an alley playing for tips in their bucket.  And the food offerings are more plentiful than that OTHER Spring  music fest.  Not all better, but more choices.  And it's spread out, so dense crowds can be avoided (also found, if that's your thing). Tip: don't drive, or even cab/Uber.  Park along Canal St. or St. Charles Ave., and take a scenic streetcar ride. Or better yet, park in Algiers, and take a ferry across the Mississippi!Sadly, I was not able to enjoy all three days of the French Quarter Festival. I was actually only able to experience a glimpse of it being that I had to hop on a plane back home. What I did see, hear and taste was more than satisfactory and enough to make me want to come back for a subsequent visit to NOLA specifically for the French Quarter Festival.
During my limited time at the festival I encountered countless street vendors, performers, great live music, and of course great food. In the Jackson Square area I had an amazing crawfish and goat cheese crêpe (goat cheese filled crêpe topped with fresh Louisiana crawfish in a buttery sauce of chardonnay, onions, tomatoes and bell peppers) from the Muriel's Jackson Square bistro booth and some delicious bread pudding with whiskey sauce from the Desire Oyster Bar booth. I was also able to grab one last beer from the local favorite brewery, Abita, which had a booth where they were pouring out their brews and lining them up like Gatorade cups that are put out on tables during long distance races for the runners to grab.
The sounds of live music, for the most part, were omnipresent once stepping into the French Quarter during this festival as there were numerous stages and street bands spread throughout the Quarter. Regardless if you go to New Orleans for this festival or not, you shouldn't leave New Orleans without hearing some live local jazz bands or just some live music in general -- the French Quarter is filled with it, even on days when special events aren't occurring. This was particularly cool for me as for all my years playing musical instruments, I had the most fun playing, listening and performing in my high school's jazz ensemble.This year was waaaaay to crowded.  In past years, this was my favorite festival, as the crowds were small, the food was good, and the music was awesome.  Now, the music is still awesome, the food is the same as Jazz Fest, but you can hardly find a place to sit and listen to the music.  While this used to be the place to go for locals, its now turned into a tourist function.  Having said that, you'll still find me here every year.  Parking is a mess - take a taxi or ride your scooter to aviod the nightmare.  Plenty of parking for scooters right by the aquarium across from Harrah's.This is the preeminent festival in a city known for its festivals. Not nearly as well-known as Jazzfest but in my opinion it is the better of the two.....no pricey tickets, less mass herding of ppl, and more food/music options. It's the best free fest in the world and it's in the most unique and beautiful area of the city. 15+ musical stages spread out all over the French Quarter and it just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Admittedly, the FQF is super-crowded but it rarely feels crowded except in Jackson Square. That is the beauty of the FQF (lots of ppl to have a good time with yet you don't feel like you're in a mosh pit). So much food, drinks, music, and love in the air. As an oyster lover, I've always wanted to enter the Acme oyster eating contest held each Saturday of fest but I think it's been replaced this year with a crawfish eating contest. Well I love crawfish too (hmmm). Oh and this year it's now become a 4-day event :DThis was our 4th time attending this Festival, because it's that good! We have found our favorite stage is the Chevron stage at the Decatur Street triangle, featuring mostly Zydeco music, and my all time favorite Waylon Thibodeaux on the electric violin and singer, and his band, including his brother Jimmy on the squeeze box. There is no way you don't dance or move to this music, and they performed 75 minutes nonstop. He did many favorites from his 12 albums. The local art around the perimeter of Jackson Square shows alot of talent, and at every venue are so many food choices of local restaurant fare, it truly is hard to pick. My favorite, which I had 2 days in a row, was from 'Tail to Geaux', 2 1/2 pounds of the freshest tastiest ever Creole crawfish boil, potatoes, and corn, for $12. Also very good was a crawfish pie from Lasyone's Meat Pie Co, (excellent) shrimp and crab cheesecake from Jaques Imo's, (more quiche like than cheesecake) K-Paul's butter beans and Andouille with rice, (always delicious) Boucherie's roast beef debris poboy, (more shredded than sliced beef) and the Nuernberger grilled bratwurst on pretzel bun with sauerkraut and carmelized onion. The soft shell crab po boy from Dempsey's disappointed this year, as I found it overcooked and dry. This was 2 days of eating through the festival! Looking forward to next year, and the Festival is FREE!This is very different from Jazz Fest and why, if you fancy yourself someone who really likes walking and local flavor vs. bus tours and old fat guys named Billy Bob, this is the festival for you.  Unlike Jazz Fest, it's actually in the Quarter.  Unlike Jazz Fest, the person you're likely sitting next to watching the Panorama Jazz Band at Preservation Hall is a sixth generation New Orleanian vs. Fred from Omaha.  Unlike Jazz Fest, you actually see jazz.  As much as I like Jack White, last time I checked The Raconteurs were as far from Jazz as one can get.  Here, you get Trombone Shorty, Bonerama, Kermit Ruffins, and other assorted NOLA luminaries.
Stages are set up all over the Quarter and the Riverfront and the crowds are substantial but not insane.  You don't have the idiots like at Mardi Gras and the 38-year-old Dave Matthews groupies like at JF.
The weather is also a little nicer than at Jazz Fest.  You don't get Chest Waterfall as soon as you walk out the door.
A truly great festival....if i'm not back within two years, please stuff me in a tuba and FedEx me there.Wow! NOLA truly knows how to throw a party!
We came from Tucson AZ to find a good time in the French Quarter and we found it. The Festival was incredible - I've never tasted food so good, I've never seen so many wonderful (and totally free) bands play. The weather was perfect beyond perfect and the only regret I have is that our trip didn't last longer. 
First thing I'd recommend for out of towners who are visiting for the festival - don't skimp on the hotel, because there are some shiesty areas in this town. Also, book in advance. You want to be staying right near the action. 
There is a long stretch where you can walk the length of the festival - I liked the way it was set up because you could easily navigate the area and give directions to people who would ask you - where the hell did you find those monster crawfish? Well, we found them right down there about a half a mile, at a tent called Rouses Crawfish Boil. 
The white tents are everywhere - there seems to be hundreds of them - and each one is a different restaurant, serving up little (sometimes not so little) samples of their best dishes. So instead of visiting NOLA and having a panic as to which restaurants to try, you can try them all - Galatoire's, Antoine's, Broussard's, The Court of Two Sisters... and a million others. We ate poboys with every type of filling - shrimp, oysters, lobster, CATFISH!!! We ate pralines and crepes, turtle soup and gumbo, and  probably a couple too many of the famous rum-filled Hurricanes. Everything was under 9-10 bucks. Amazing. Everywhere we walked, a different jazz band was serenading us. 
I would recommend any foodie or jazz lover to visit NOLA for this festival - it was an unforgettable experience.Ever since my first FQF a few years ago, I always vowed to come back. Since  I was going to New Orleans with people that were first-timers, what better time to go then during FQF!
It seemed to have gotten better than the last one I went to in '05! 17 musical stages and more than 60 food and alcohol vendors scattered throughout the French Quarter. It doesn't get better than that. We sampled everything: Crawfish Etoufee, Cochon de Lait Po-Boys, Crawfish Pies, Grilled Chicken Livers with Peppers, Boiled Crawfish, and even some Snowballs. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING was just as you would imagine for Cajun/Creole food. The music was entertaining. It had waves of people converged in front of every stage just jammin' to the music.
What a great way to introduce the Big Easy to newcomers and an outstanding welcome back to old friends!  I heard many locals saying they prefer it over the Jazz Fest. A+++++++I LOVE French Quarter Fest I love that this festival is completely devoted to local musicians, I guess what Jazz Fest used to be before they started bringing in national acts.  As others have stated FQF is amazing because 1) it's FREE- all the music is FREE! 2) it's located right in the French Quarter! The crowds don't bother me so much as I am just so happy to be there. Sure the food prices have gone up, but so have the price for everything else in the county! People have to make a living! 
There are stages set up at various locations throughout the FQ and live music on the stages all day. There are food stands set up at The Mint, Jackson Square and the Riverfront....all local restaurants. I used to print out the schedule and highlihgt all the acts I wanted to see and the food I wanted to eat..but now i have the iphone app and it makes it so much easier! The only complaint I have is too many bands I want to see scheduled at the dame times! I need to clone myself! 
it's so nice to be able to wander the quarter, sit down and enjoy a frozen adult beverage and listen to some amazing music, then stroll again, find some food and some more music.I went on a Thursday and it was super busy as well.  I loved all the different restaurants that were set up all over for us to purchase.  From Jambalaya to crab cakes to random pies of all sorts.  I'm not min of a drinker but if you like to drink beer, this would be the place to be! Abita seems to be the most populated.  
Different bands play in many different stages all over New Orleans!  It was like walking into different cities lol.  We parked farther but still paid $25 for parking.  
I enjoy going to the square where all the artists are. You can get a character done or pick up local artists work. 
The best part of this festival....it's free to enter!  I don't want to pay to enter and then pay for food as well...so I like this festival!I know, I know, it's been said in many of the earlier reviews. but........we had the time of our lives!  As it was the first time we were ever in NOLA and are 60 years old, we were worried wewould have trouble fitting in.  Hhowever, you are inn good hands in this city.  everybody was so friendly and helpful, the place we stayed was great (B&W Courtyard) the food outrageously amazing, andn the music out of this world.  I'm not sure what some people are talking about in regard to crowds- yeah, it was crowded but we were able to easily go almost to the front off any of the fabulous stages that were pumping out nonstop music.  It was great to see such a diverse crowd soaking up the vibes and when i say diverse I also mean in regard to age.  new orleans, thanks for taking such wonderful care of us and 'm only sorry we haven't vacationed there earlier.  The festival is great but we were told NOLA is wonderful all year round and we will return!  Again, a wonderful place, experience and people.French Quarter Fest has all the makings of a 5 star Festival, but this year it was a 4. Really more like 3.5, but I rounded up. This Festival is just too damn popular. Yeah I said it, I wish there were less people. Now I get FQF is a huge money maker for the city, but I'll still be selfish and wish more people didn't go. 
Friday evening got there about 4ish to catch Dr. John. I think he played, I mean I couldn't see him, but I could hear him...kind of. Holy moly, the crowd! Listened about a 1/2 hr. and booked it down to the Mint. Now, the Mint is where it is at! Not crowded, two great stages featuring Stooges Brass Band and Dash Rip Rock. Good food tents. The French Market also had a small stage that had good bands...especially on Saturday. I caught a set by The Smoking Time Jazz Club, see them when you can.
One super problem I had was with the barricades on Decatur. There wasn't much room between the barricade and the buildings. There was a pop up band playing by the brewery on Saturday and foot traffic came to a stand still. No one could move! Those barricades really ticked me off at that point. (rant over)
The food as per usual was great! I love that you get the opportunity to try a lot of different things from places all over the city! Crowds or not, I'll continue to go to this Festival. Especially if the weather is as beautiful as it was this weekend!This is my favorite festival and favorite weekend of the year!!   I'm bummed that it was plagued by rain this year, although Thurs-Sat has large time blocks of sunny weather and I took full advantage of that before Sundays washout.  It's certainly no longer the "Locals festival".  People now fly in from all over the country and fill up the city's hotels for this festival.  It's phenomenal for the city so I don't have a problem with it since the festival is so spread out and it gets crowded but still never feels uncomfortably over-crowded or overly commercial at this point.  With no entry fee it makes it much easier for me to be willing to spend extra money supporting the local musicians and local restaurants  that make up the fest.  
My favorite part is being able to sample the delicious food from the hundreds of booths all along the riverfront and Jackson Square.  I can't always afford to go to all the best restaurants NOLA has to offer and this is my chance to sample as many dishes as I can for about $6-$8 bucks each .  This year my favorite was the Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella, and Bacon crepe from Crepes a la Cart!.  This was OMG good!  In fact, I'm kinda craving another one right now!  
Also of  gold star note were the fish tacos from GW Fins;  the combo plate from Muriel's which had Crawfish and Goat Cheese Crepes with shrimp and eggplant stuffing on the side; crab cake sliders from (Broussard's I believe); Shrimp Regua from Antoine's; and the Steak Sliders with Sweet Potato Casserole from Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  The Crawfish Bread from Audubon Nature Instuite is good, but more like a meat pie than traditional crawfish bread that I crave from Jazz Fest.  
New Orleans Original Daiquiris is out there every year and they do refills of their sports bottles for $8, instead of the original sale price of $11.  Here's a BIG TIP for you:  once you have a bottle, hang onto it.  They'll refill any of their bottles or specialty cups  from previous years at ANY festival they are at.  I've had the same few insulated sports bottles and tumblers  for at least 5 years and used them at numerous festivals around town.Alright, I know it seems like everyone is giving 5 stars, but I'm aiming this writeup at parents.  If you are going to take a baby in a stroller, GO EARLY.  The first 2-3 hours on Saturday (2013) were great, but the crowds really picked up and by early afternoon, there were many places we physically couldn't walk our stroller through.  As with any NOLA festival, you'll have to contend with the drunks too.  Not an issue if you don't have your family with you, but not ideal when strolling my baby girl around.  
We will definitely keep going to NOLA festivals, but will go early and leave when things pick up.  Sadly, in this case, we found ourselves stranded in a sea of bodies.  Almost like being stuck in a flash flood.  Before we knew what hit us, it was too late and we were having to move folks out of the way to get our daughter to an open area.  This event is good for kids if you stick to the streets and avoid the more crowed areas around Jackson Square and Woldenberg park.  
This is definitely a 5 star event if you plan on getting a babysitter and going native.This was my first year to FQF (French Quarter Fest). I love that it is a free festival but it was WAY too crowded on Saturday and Sunday. I did get to try the Mango Freeze and Crawfish pie. But there was limited seating areas. I know you have to bring your own chairs and such but there were so many people that if you sat down you would get trampled. I would go again but probably just for a few minutes. We thought Sunday would be less people but it was the busiest day out of the two.This is probably every native New Orleanian favorite festival... hands down! Not only do you get a chance to experience foods and music you may not otherwise get to experience, but you may literally see everyone you know. His mama, her mama, your auntie, and ya mama nem. French Quarter Festival is always such an amazing vibe. I come every year and every year I feel like the fest is spiced up a little bit more.Music spread out over 22 stages, food booths galore, perfect weather, arguably the most unique and beautiful setting for a music festival, and multitudes of happy people. How can you not enjoy this festival each year? 
This year I saw Papa Grows Funk on Thursday at the river. Saturday I listened to Riccardo Crespo and Sol Brasil at the US Mint, Kristin Diable on Royal Street, and Irvin Mayfield at Jackson Square. Sooo much fun! 
Food and drink lines were reasonable even in congested Jackson Square. Lines were no more than 12-15 ppl deep. Food prices ranged from $4-$8 with most items being $5. I had an incredible Bourbon BBQ Shrimp Po-Boy from the Bourbon House. So hoping they serve that again next year. 
All of the bands are local. How awesome is that!? Count the number of brass bands that play every yr at FQF. It's ridiculous! There is also kid's activities and dance lessons given at the fest.
The best place, though, to listen to music is on the river at Woldenberg Park. 4 stages of great music all day long. If you want a more intimate music venue they had bands at Irvin Mayfield's jazz club inside the Royal Sonesta Hotel as well as at very intimate Preservation Hall.
This festival is not to be missed. It is truly a testament to our wonderful city. This festival represents a lot of who we are: a smorgasbord of people all coming together for a common cause. NOLA comes together each year and makes this festival one of the best festivals in the world.The French Quarter festival is a foodies' paradise. New Orleans best eateries, drinkeries and bands set up shop throughout the French quarter for a weekend. If you ask me this is the best time to visit the Big Easy!My first time at the French Quarter Festival. I'd been to Jazz Fest several years in a row and although I like that, I think I prefer the French Quarter Festival.
Highlights (why I prefer it to Jazz Fest):
- It's located all around the French Quarter: Bourbon and Royal streets, Jackson Square, by the waterfront. and the Mint Building. It's fun that it's in the actual downtown and that it's spread out a bit.  
- Unlike Jazz Fest which is a big open fairground area, on hot days, you also can also find shade in several areas and a breeze by the water.
- Only local bands can play it. I like that it's more New Orleans focused than Jazz Fest which can have everything from Stevie Wonder to Jimmy Buffet to LL Cool J. Lots of brass and zydeco here: more voices and sounds you can't hear just anywhere.
- Lots of musical stages all around so you can easily sample a bunch of different bands.
- You can walk there from your hotel (Jazz Fest is a cab ride). 
- If you want to do other things than the festival, there are all the normal Quarter things to do there was well: get a daiquiri, shop, sit down in a bar, etc.
- Lots of food booths! Awesome food too represented by several local restaurants. My faves were the sausage pepper and onion sandwich (like an open calzone almost), crawfish sausage, shrimp etoufee, and best bbq turkey leg I've ever had. Yum yum yum!
- Food is good prices too: most stuff is $5 and have generous portions and great quality.
- Admission is free :-)
- It's sponsored by Coca-Cola: my cola of choice. You have to see my Sunnyvale collection of Coke collectibles. ;-) And because it had Coke booths, Vitamin water--my favorite hydration beverage of choice--was readily available on those hot days. 
Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):
- The Mint Building area was way too cramped: very small shallow area with iron gates keeping everyone in.
- It's craziest on Sunday: longer lines for food and harder to get around
I loved it and would definitely go back again. :-) Jazz Fest is fun when you want to see a bunch of popular bands or your favorite performer is on the bill, but if you want to taste more of the local flavor, I'd come to the French Quarter Festival.