We came here purely by luck, riding the Charles St Street Car we decided to jump off and walk around a bit, came across this little gem and were delighted by the great service, the fluffy donuts and the fresh oyster po-boys.I bookmarked this little place months ago and finally got a chance to try it on a random Sat morning. Since I was in a hurry on this particular day I didn't get a chance to order breakfast but I did get to taste one of their infamous donuts. I ordered a chocolate glazed donut and immediately felt my A1C level rise after taking one bite lol. Although it was nice and fresh, it was overwhelmingly sweet. Don't have to get a donut again but will return to try something else. Service here is outstanding, the employees really know about customer service!!Best Po-Boys I've found in New Orleans so far!I found Freret St Po'boy & Donut Shop online after a long search for a decent donut shop near uptown New Orleans.  My husband and his coworkers often take turns bringing in food for their weekly meetings so we decided to give them a try when his turn came up in the rotation. We stopped in on a Tuesday morning and the place was fairly busy. Waiting to be served gave us time to check things out, and we were very impressed. Before we had even tasted the donuts we knew we liked the place. It was clean and the workers were friendly to everyone. The donuts did not disappoint either; everyone really liked them. I mean, who doesn't love freshly made donuts? Not to mention their very reasonable prices. A few days later we returned to pick up a couple of apple fritters (something I remember enjoying growing up and could never find very often). I loved every bite, making this my current guilty pleasure. 
This past Saturday we finally got a chance to check out their fried shrimp plates and we were so pleased with them. Even though they were really busy when we ordered (just after 12pm) the pleasantries did not fall to the wayside. This has quickly become a favorite of ours. It's one of those local businesses that really make you feel lucky to live in New Orleans. They are the best!If you find yourself planning on going to Company Burger but forget that it's Tuesday until you get there (closed Tuesdays), one option is to go a block or so down the street to the Freret Street Po-Boys & Donut Shop. It doesn't really substitute for a Company Burger, but it's a decent place with a wide variety of items on the menu.
I went for a cheeseburger (due to the Company craving, I assume). They had a couple of options, one expensive and one cheap. I went for the cheap one. It wasn't a large burger or anything, but no complaints, a solid basic meal. Also had a look at a six-inch po-boy, which was good, I hear, but also $9.99. So a little pricey. The biggest issue may be the amount of items on the menu; they try to have po-boys, different sandwiches, seafood platters, creole-type dishes and....donuts. Not sure what to make of that, but they do add a good smell to the place. They serve a variety of breakfast items as well, so will have to come back and try the breakfast sandwich for $3.99. Overall on food, I'm going to give it a 28, better than average, but nothing spectacular.
The atmosphere was very basic also. Sort of a diner-style in a small place, making it crowded at lunch time. You can hear much of the conversation of the workers, which isn't a bad thing in my mind, they seem to enjoy what they're doing and it has good energy. The energy helps boost it up to an 18 out of 30 in atmosphere.
The service was friendly; as mentioned above, it seems like the people working there enjoy being there, which is always a benefit. However, as also mentioned above, they may be too ambitious with the menu as it took quite a while to get a burger. Nothing too bad, but a bit slow. I'll give it a 13 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 59 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).If you like doughnuts and plain old good food, this is the right place for you.  Nothing too fancy (cheap!), but a guaranteed deliciousness.  Be sure to try the fried chicken.First time stopping in, went for donuts. Place a little funky but donuts divine-chocolate and cake, both frosted. Going back for liver & grits, oh yeah!!!It's a nice little place with good food and friendly peope (plus a small crowd of mostly locals when I was there) but I'm not sure I agree with all these 5 star reviews saying it's the best and cheapest stuff in NOLA.  $8.49 for red beans & rice along with 2 pieces of fried chicken or some smoked sausage isn't bad but it's not like it's a high cost item (and the chicken really didn't look very good).  Also, $8.99 for a 6 inch roast beef po-boy is definitely not cheap - especially given that they're not as generous on the fillings as other places.  The roast beef po-boy was pretty good and the red beans & rice were better with the addition of smoked sausage, plus the doughnuts looked great although we didn't try any.  If you're in the neighborhood definitely stop into this homey little corner shop by but if you're far away I can't imagine it's worth the time or cost to drive or take a cab just for a po-boy here (and it's unfortunately not near the streetcar).  Everybody has a different opinion and I do like this place, but I prefer the po-boys at Mahoney's, Parkway Bakery, and Guy's myself - better bread, better flavor, and similar pricing for a 6" sandwich but you get more stuff at the other places so a 6" sandwich fills you up and you don't need to pay for a larger size.Breakfast was great but lunch food was overpriced!  I don't know if they are jacking up prices because of mardi gras or not but $14 for a 6" shrimp po boy is ridiculous!  This is without a side or drink too! Not to mention the bread was stale. My friend lives a block away from this place and warned me it was too pricey but I told her the online prices weren't too high but that menu shown online with the $7-$8 shrimp po boy is outdated so don't go by that. Also we got there at 2:30 and we were the only people there and it took 30 mins to get our food. Oh and very mediocre red beans and rice. Like I said though this place definitely has a great breakfast but I would skip on their lunch because there are plenty of better places with better prices.It was OK. The chicken was good. The breakfast was ok. The donuts were donuts nothing special. It's an interesting little place. I might return for chicken and donuts because you really can't get that from many places.Really great service. Just overall friendly and helpful. the food was amazing. I had a shrimp po boy and a donut. Delish!I'm always consulting Yelp when I go out of town for a visit.  And what drew me to this place was the 4.5 star average, but without a TON of reviews (60-something).  Sure, I like to go to the tourist spots here and there, but what I love more than anything is a real local-approved dive.
This place definitely appeared to be that place.. at first glance.  Located in an up-and-coming area of town, non-descript exterior, divey interior... wait, how much for that po'boy?? Maybe the prices have changed since others wrote these reviews, but my sandwich was somewhere around $12 or $13?? Not the $8-9 others rave about.. maybe those are just lunch specials or something??
The po'boy itself was tasty, don't get me wrong.. heavenly even, being my first po'boy upon arriving, and the bread was crusty and delicious.  But I just expect divey prices when dining in a divey place..Had the sausage, egg & cheese biscuit. It's only $3.75 & delicious. Nice hot & fast service I shall returnThe staff was friendly. The donuts tasted fresh. The donut was almost breaking apart when I picked it up. The glaze ended up melting by the end of the day. Would I come back? Maybe if I'm really craving for one and I'm nearby. I might come back to try their po-boy.Um three words: I'll be back.  I don't live in NOLA but when ever i come visit you bet your ass this place with be a stop for me.  The doughnuts - best ever. The shrimp po boy was DELICIOUS! The fish was aight and my bf got the special and it was really good. I can't stop boasting bout the damn shrimp po boy though.  Holy crap.
Authentic and not touristy.
This place was awesome!!! 
Huge fan.  Huuuuge fan.Yummy yummy donuts! Cannot wait to go back. They seem fresh and the perfect amount of icing. The different flavor a were all delicious. I look forward to going back.Can't believe I forgot to review this place. I was at the bike store close by and in my lapse of extreme hunger this place saved me. I think this is one of the best places for po boys in NOLA. Like any proper poboy shop, they have a wide variety of poboys, reasonably priced, and they're a small cute shop located on Freret Street.  For a small shop it is pretty clean, not grungy like some might imagine. Perfect place to stop in for a bite to eatSecond trip was excellent too. Had the étouffée special which came with awesome potato salad, perfectly fried catfish fillet, and garlic bread. The étouffée is a brown rather than red sauce and a little potato heavy, but great flavor and plenty of crawfish. Bf got the gator bites which were not fried pieces of gator meat as expected but rather fried balls of a sort of gator meat dip kind of like the texture of crab cakes before they're fried. Flavor was good but wouldn't order that again. They do not make their own tartar sauce but give you little gross packets and ambiance is just ok. Still it's worth it, even if just for a unique donut. RW & LSI made a delivery order for an assortment of donuts and they just gave me half a dozen cinnamon twists, but in fairness, they are decent cinnamon twists.As the saying goes, you could probably throw a rock from any street corner in New Orleans and hit a decent-to-good po-boy shop. There were a couple near our hotel in the Garden District that I had intended to check out. However, our travels happened to take us out to Freret Street when hunger struck and we decided to give this place a shot and we are glad we did. 
My wife had the Garlic Stuffed Roast Beef Po-Boy while I ordered the Smoked Turkey Po-Boy - both in Leidenheimer's French Bread - and each of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals. 
Seating is limited in the small shop as was on-street parking during our midweek afternoon visit. 
Both my wife the native and yours truly the visitor found our po-boys from this establishment to be more than satisfying. If you find yourself on this stretch of Uptown, it's worth the stop!A lot has been said about the revival of Freret Street as the site for a whole crop of new businesses: boutiques, bars, restaurants, hair salons, etc. It makes sense because it's so close to the university area, but others have raised concerns about the looming specter of "gentrification." I can see both sides of the issue, but the Freret Street Po-Boy and Donut Shop is so great because it seems to straddle both sides of the issue, and point the way towards a renewal of this area that does not leave "old NOLA" behind.
This place might be a hole-in-the-wall, but it's really clean, staffed with friendly folks, and it has a surprisingly large selection of items: breakfast platters and sandwiches, po-boys of all kind (fried seafood, sausage, roast beef, vegetarian), a full selection of freshly made donuts (if you get there early enough), and lunch specials including things like fried chicken, gumbo, smoked turkey wings, collard greens, etc. The Po-Boys and the donuts are both awesome. 
I'd recommend stopping in early for a coffee and a glazed donut. Yum. Or make a pit stop for lunch and get a fully-dressed roast beef Po-Boy, which is more like a shredded pot roast with a delicious gravy, dressed with mayo, lettuce, tomato and pickles. The bread is perfect, the beef is well-seasoned...it's a very satisfying sandwich. The great thing about this place - as I alluded to earlier - is that it seems to bring in just the right mix of college students, local Freret Street bohemians and hipsters, and just plain ole NOLA locals who have been here all their lives. It's a friendly neighborhood place that feels like it's lived at this corner forever, and yet it fits nicely into the renewal plans for the neighborhood, located right next door to a bike shop and a juice place, right across the street from a newly-built yogurt shop. This is what renewal should look like...a progressive zeal for the new, but with a respect for the traditional.This is the fourth time I've visited this establishment and my last. While the food is good the service is horrific. One visit we ordered lunch at 10:55 am and they refused to serve lunch until 11am, yet proceeded to serve lunch to the couple immediately ordering after us. Today we walked in with no wait and immediately ordered a large oyster poboy to split. After 20 minutes we told them we could no longer eat in house and needed it to go. Then after another 15 minutes with no food (35 minutes since we ordered) they still could not tell me when the sandwich would be ready. I told them we had to leave and they made no effort to refund us or give us food. We had thought a 40 minute lunch break was plenty of time for a poboy as there was no line. Somehow people ordering their food to go after us appeared to be getting their food before us. We walked out at that point. Sadly we live in the neighborhood but will never be visiting Freret street poboys and donuts again.You wake up early in the morning and have a taste for a good breakfast at a decent price. This is the spot. Parking can be a little tricky but park on the street or in the neighborhood. There are a few tables on the inside along with free wifi, friendly service, feel good music and a breakfast menu that includes bacon egg and cheese sandwich on white or wheat, grits egg bacon or sausage with a biscuit or the creole favorite shrimp and grits. I am happy that I stopped here this morning. And don't forget to come back a little later for the hot lunch special.Overall I enjoyed my Freret Street Poboy and the woman working was friendly.  I'd return if I was in the area and fancied a poboy!First time in N'awlins and this place was nearby the house rental where I stayed.  I am just amazed at how good the food tasted!!!
The shrimp po'boy was so good that I'm salivating as a I write this review!  I haven't tried the donuts but they make 'em fresh each morning they're served.  Not to mention the people who work and cook here are so heartwarming as if they're family.  If you ever visit New Orleans, you must try this place.  It's inexpensive, the people are great, and the food was so good!
Tips:  The neighborhood looks a little run down but trust me, you don't want to miss eating here.  If they ask how do you want it, say you want it "dressed" which means you want everything on it.  The lady at the front counter immediately knew we weren't from New Orleans as soon as we said we wanted everything on it.  Make sure you know how to parallel park because it's street parking only.Grab a fork or be ready to get your hands messy because they are generous with their portions. I ordered the Roast Beef Poboy fully dressed and it did not disappoint. Definitely worth the drive from the French Quarter to try out! I've been looking for a local sandwich shop and I have to say that this joint will probably be on the top of the list.I stopped in here 2 weeks ago on a Saturday with my boyfriend. The food was good. I enjoyed my po-boy and he was definitely enjoying the red beans and rice. The service was great! All and All this place will be a repeat sometime in the future! Thanks! xoxoWell this is a breakfast review. And it's literally just OK. They shouldn't be allowed to sell waffles because it was floppy and gross. The donuts are kind of hard but the glaze is good. The pancakes are huge and very tasty but I was upset because I ordered sausage and got bacon. Will I be back? Probably not.Best effing honeybun I ever had in my whole life. And the girl behind the counter was super nice!It was my mission to have an authentic po boy before I left New Orleans and Freret Street Po Boy & Donut shop did not disappoint!! My whole family ordered po boys here and we were all pleasantly surprised!! Even my cousin who didn't want one wished she had ordered one. I had a fried oyster po boy, lucky for me, because they thought they had run out of oysters but found enough to make one for me! I will definitely come back here when I am back in New Orleans. Must try the donuts next time...This little off the beaten path cafe was well worth the streetcar ride and the walk.  Their fried chicken platter with red beans & rice and cornbread was absolutely mouth-watering; the best out of all the places that we ate in New Orleans over the Halloween weekend.  Check it out.  You won't be disappointed.One of the things I've learned about poboys over the past year is similar to what I leaned about cheesesteaks living in philly: most are the same, and the cream rises to the top. Freret street poboys and donuts is just another horse in the race. What makes their sandwiches so disappointing is that it's all bread, very little filler. I ordered a fried oyster while viewing a saints game down the street at Publiq House, and was disappointed by the fact that they only had one donut left. Further frustration mounted when the young lady taking orders stated they wouldn't be making any more that day. At 1pm. On football Sunday. With the ovens still warm.  What? In a city that values lagniappe as a viable business practice, I was truly surprised by their blasé attitude towards customer service. There are way better places to grab a bite on this burgeoning stretch of freret.amazing fried shrimp and chicken tender poboys. Friendly staff.This place was great!  I had the burger which was fantastic and my wife had the red beans and rice which was also incredible.  didn't try the donuts since I had no room.  The service was great!I'm sure this place is amazing but I'll never know. I've tried to eat here 3 times only to find them closed each time. I'm not saying I went at odd hours or that my schedule doesn't jive with when they operate, I mean I've shown up 3 times well within their hours of operation and they've been closed each time. Two of those times I could see people inside cleaning up so they must have been open earlier. I'm also not going by the hours posted on Yelp but the hours posted on their door (which match Yelp), directly next to their "Closed" sign. Talk about frustrating. If I ever do get to eat there, I'll update my rating but, since their not close to my home, I doubt I'll waste my time trying again any time soon.I had the lunch special. Fried chicken, red beans, and corn bread. It was delicious! Also a great price. The staff was friendly and my food came out faster than I expected. I wish I could eat here more often!
Also, there was sausage in the beans (idk why there's a review which says there isn't)I am not a huge donut person, but when I stop by Freret to bring donuts to work? I am the hero.  These are tasty donuts, the glazed, chocolate glazed and the cake (which are considered fancy and cost a bit more).
I have not had a plate lunch here yet, but E did stop by to grab a breakfast sandwich to go.  Since he didn't want meat on his egg & cheese biscuit, the staff was a bit confused.  They didn't want him to pay the extra 25 cents (or whatever) for meat he didn't get.  Good folks.Great food and great service. We had fried chicken and red beans with rice for lunch.   Unfortunately they were sold out of donuts by the time we got there.Best donuts in New Orleans. The breakfast is really the seller though. You can't beat the amount of food you get for that price. It's also consistently good. In my experience at least every time I've gone I didn't have any problems with my order.I had a glazed donut. It was yummy. My boyfriend had a sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit. He said it tasted homemade. He loved it! Very friendly staff. You should go there.Very good! We ordered a big variety! The gumbo is amazing and the roast beef and shrimp poboys ROCK!! Great place!This was my first time here. We had a shrimp and oyster po boy and two donuts, one of which was free. 
The staff here are really friendly and helpful and the food was really filling and tasty. I haven't had many po boys so I don't really much to compare theirs to, but it was definitely worth the money. 
The donuts were really really tasty too. They have such a wide range of different foods here that I'm going to have to come back at least two more times while I'm here in New Orleans.This is my favorite restaurant for all three meals in my neighborhood. I like the waffle breakfast or doughnuts. For lunch and dinner, I enjoy the seafood platter.We came here for breakfast one morning, and I had waffles and donuts. The waffles came with eggs and breakfast meat, and they were all fine, but nothing I'd get again.  But the donuts....
The glazed cake donut was definitely in the top 10 donuts of my life, and I wish I could go back in time and eat a stack of them instead of the full breakfast plate I had.  Highly recommended.Just ate here with some friends from out of town. We went for po boys. We got 2 shrimp and one oyster. They were good. Good bread. Not the best, but good. 
They did not honor the 10% discountI feel a little dirty saying this, and it may result in strained relationships, but Freret Street Po-Boy and Donut Shop has the best damn fried chicken I have ever had.  That includes everyone, sorry You Know Who (a certain older family member and wicked good cook).  Maybe if you could figure out how they make it so savory and spicy, so crisp and so moist, so...perfect!  Until then, You Know Who, you're number two.
For all you Parkway fans, head on over to Freret Street for a much better fried shrimp Po-Boy - softer bread, more succulent shrimp - just better.  Don't get me wrong, Parkway has some damn good po-boys, but Freret Street's fried shrimp is simply better.
We ended up at Freret Street because they were open on a Sunday and because of the rave Yelp reviews.  THANK YOU, FELLOW YELPERS!!!  I had never heard of the place and neither had our native New Orleansian host.  We had no idea what to expect, but once we walked in, perused the menu, and were greeted with warmth, we knew we'd be pleased. I was tempted to order the garlic roast beef po-boy, but I am crazy for fried chicken, so I asked the lady behind the counter which one she preferred.  She paused and then suggested the chicken and red beans and rice special.  This came with 2 pieces of fried chicken, and I wanted three, so I ordered the 3 pc plate and a side of the red beans and rice.  The wife has a one track po-boy mind and ordered the fried shrimp.
The food arrived, a big bowl of red beans with a scoop of rice.  Filled with meaty, fatty chunks of happiness and wonderful flavor, it was tough to prioritize between the chicken and the beans, but the molten temperature of the fresh fried chicken gave the beans an early advantage.  The chicken was crisp and dry on the outside, with a wonderful aroma and a phenomenal spice in the skin, followed up by a bite of savory/spicy/juicy/moist dark meat.  I cannot adequately describe how good it is - not too much batter and big plump pieces.
The fries were also great, which spices sprinkled over them, and the bread slices were garlicky and crispy.  
The wife's po-boy was superb - soft, crusty French bread with big, succulent fried shrimp - loaded with flavor.  Not dry or small or bland like other fried shrimp po-boys.
The folks working there, as mentioned in other reviews, are great.  Asking how we liked our food several times, laughing and just having a good time.  There seemed to be a lot of regulars, which is always a good sign.
The only bummer was that they were out of donuts.  Next time!When I am uptown with my beautiful gal, this is my go to breakfast spot.  Always nice and cool in here.  Great seats by the huge windows.
My must have is the bacon egg and cheese biscuit and a orange juice.  The twiters and donuts are yummy as well.  Dont forget the pancakes too.  They are right on the money.
Hot sausage here is the Patton patty.  
I have never had any other meal besides breakfast here.  I am sure its swingingThis place rocks. 
We were visiting Nola and ate here, we almost went back to eat a second time but didn't have enough time.
We got a 1/2 shrimp 1/2 oyster po boy, dressed. Perfect.
Also a fried chicken plate with red beans and a salad. The best fried chicken I have ever had.
We got a few donuts to go. 
The owner and staff were awesome. Place was clean. Prices reasonable. I want to fly back just for the food.This is a great addition to that little stretch of Freret St. that is starting to become really fun. I have only had the poboys because they run out of donuts pretty early. 
The poboys are pretty standard - mounds of fried shrimp on french bread, shredded lettuce, tomato, and mayo. The onion rings were not bad, but not the kind I like. They were heavily breaded, the really crunchy kind. All in all it was a decent poboy and I will return because of the location and the nice people. The prices are good too. 
They also have a hot bar with lunch specials that looked pretty good. I am going to try the donuts soon. If I find good donuts Uptown I will be thrilled.First place I ate at after arriving in NOLA. The po-boy was pretty good- guess I'm not a huge fan of it, but worth a try. I really liked the gumbo, though it was bit on the salty side. I like it that way though! Very hearty and flavorful. The red bean with rice didn't have a lot of flavor, but I liked the natural taste. Mm thinking about this place now makes me want more gumbo and red bean w/ rice...
Wish I had tried the donuts too, but already had too much food!The wait for the fried chicken is WORTH IT!
Easily the best fried chicken I've ever had. My boyfriend agrees with me.
I didn't really care for the hot sausage because it's a patty and not a link, but the sausage in the red beans was link, so it balanced out. The red beans that cane with the chicken did not have sausage in the beans. Despite these two shortcomings, the chicken is just that good, so I had to give this place give stars, anyway!we arrived here after 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday.  our youngest was on a mission to have a glazed donut.  we would find the case pretty much empty with the exception of a few twists and glazed cake donuts.  the kind woman working, got our bag together and let us know that the menu would be making some changes and to make sure we came back. the kid tore into the bag and ate TWO donuts out the gate.  he's more of a fan of the glazed (think Krispy Kreme), but i think Freret Street  may have converted him to cake donuts!!  i finally got around to eating one in the evening(broken pieces and crumbs were only left). I was amazed at how moist the donut still was after several hours in the bag.  the taste and moisture of the cake, combined with the glaze was perfect!  we will return to try the food!!This was my first stop for something to eat after landing in NOLA early Fri morning. Stopped here after checking out reviews on Yelp and was sadly disappointed. 
First of all the young man taking the orders didn't seem familiar with the limited breakfast menu. He wasn't sure if Eggs came with the Fish n Grits. It turns out they did. After receiving my meal n biting into this golden piece of fish I discovered it wasn't Catfish as the menu described, but Swai. I know b/c I've fried it before and it does not have a firm enough texture to stand up to deep frying. Do yourself a favor and don't order it. The donuts weren't to my liking either. I did enjoy the Toast, eggs and potatoes tho. 
I hope they are better at lunch. Most of the Yelp posts were for lunch anyway. At least the place was clean.Oh man, I'm addicted to their donuts! Po-boys are good but I prefer their breakfast plates. Not overpriced and the portions are large. You can get shrimp and grits for around $10!I'd like to heartily endorse this place.  I am only giving it four stars for its shifting breakfast menu.  Currently, it's just the budget breakfast (2.99) or donuts.  The donuts here are absolutely divine.  My favorites are the new "cake batter" donuts which can usually be seen on the second rack.  The lunch options here are great; you just can't go wrong with the red/white beans and rice with fried chicken.  Sometimes things slow down a bit, but that's been getting better, and... it's best not to be in too great of a rush when surrounded by good food and people.  Check it out!We came in asking for a fried Oyster Po Boy at 8:30am.  Although they were on breakfast , they made one special for us, all "dressed up" and totally delicious.Standard quality donuts. The apple fritter was quite large and actually tasted of apples. Not a lot of seating.  They do a lot of morning business but many people took food to go.  Good donuts though not extraordinary.  I can't say we will return.I've only had the donuts and ham sandwich hear. Sammiche was like one you make at home, but good and great on the go if ya want something simple. Donuts are off the chain. Cinnamon rolls are awesome too. More than anything I like the feeling of stepping into an old new Orleans neighborhood with real locals not tryin to do no trendy bullshit (I ain't sayin I don't do trendy bullshit, I'm just saying...)  I'm pretty sure it's a family run operation cuz some 'a dem look alike. but I've been there few times and they know me and my fam and always throw free stuff in my bag.Huzzah!  Good, inexpensive New Orleans type food, PLUS donuts, AND friendly staff?  I know, it seems impossible.  But if the saints can win the superbowl, then I suppose anything is possible.  From here on out I'm coming here for everything but toilet paper and bananas.As an out-of-towner, I try to gorge myself on delicious po' boys as often as I can when I'm in NOLA (with shrimp or oysters only...get your roast beef outta here). So when I dropped by this humble little shop on a lazy Saturday morning to pick up the 10" sandwiches-- one with fried oysters and one with fried shrimp-- for my gf and me, it took a great deal of resolve not to eat them both right then and there. But man, we were seriously disappointed. The bread was crispy and fresh, but the "fully dressed" filling was pretty bland. The oysters were significantly better than the shrimp, but both lacked salt and we had resorted to dumping heaps of tabasco sauce on each bite to give our taste buds something to work with. Oh, and did I mention my bill was $29? Can't say I'll be coming back for po' boys any time soon, especially with all the amazing vendors nearby. Hopefully their donuts are more up to snuff!3/5 good, not necessarily great.
maybe i'm just really not into the (pot) roast beef poboy. i had that and some fries now that they've expanded hours into the evenings. i've been meaning to try this for the past year but didn't get to it until recently. can't speak to their donuts, but on at least half of their shop name i was just kinda oh ok about it. i mean it was good, but there wasn't any oomph or i need to go back right now factor.For $8.99 I received a gigantic serving of the delicious white beans and fried fish. No way on God's green Earth could I eat all that food within the next three days. This is so much of food but it's ridiculously delicious! Parking is truly a pain!I'm never there early enough to get donuts but I can say without exaggeration that the oyster poboy I got from Freret Street Poboy & Donut Shop was one of the best oyster poboys I've ever had. The oysters were perfectly sized and fried just right, nice and crispy with the batter without being overdone. It was dressed just right, not too much or too little of the fixings. Lastly. because I was getting it to go and didn't have hot sauce where I was heading I went against my usual policy and asked them to put a little on there for me. Normally I insist on putting on my own hot sauce since only I know exactly how I want it done but they hit it just perfectly giving the final product almost a buffalo styled oyster poboy. It may have been a bit pricey but I'll be going back for sure.A bit pricey for a quick lunch, but very generous portions and friendly staff.Went here for a quick breakfast while visiting on vacation. My girlfriend and I had a delicious oyster poboy, a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, and a donut. All were great! Would highly recommend this spot for a quick and easy meal with friendly service.Such tasty donuts! We used Freret's to cater dessert at our wedding and the shop was awesome to work with. Donuts were ready at the specified time, everything was super fresh, and it all held well until the evening.
The donuts were a HUGE hit with our guests! So many people commented on how delicious they were, and especially seemed to get a kick out of the chocolate ones. 
People were sneaking seconds and thirds (and a few people even packed up donuts in their coat pockets for the next morning!!!). It was a perfect way to add something sweet to our big day.Don't be in a rush to get anything here. 
Decent food. Ordered a shrimp po boy, the shrimp were cooked in a good batter. Wasn't crazy about the sandwich bread, it was cold (like it was refrigerated) and was a little hard / crusty.
The donuts were delicious.Nice sized poboys. I wouldn't say they are the most amazing, but if you are in need of a poboy, it is a decent choice.Omg delicious!!! Worth going and trying the Freret St Special. The ladies there are super nice and amazing cooks.This is a local spot that's within walking distance from my house. And it feels like I'm walking into a family member's house every time. I love that feeling. My first time there I was gifted the last donuts of the day after being told they were out. It's that type of kindness that makes small businesses like these so awesome. The food is *always* good and I usually bring my friends whenever they're in town. The staff is welcoming and I feel like a valued customer each time. There's not too many places like this anymore. Definitely a gem.Let's start with the pros.....the donut twists were fresh and tasty. I also ordered a budget breakfast consisting of eggs, bacon, grits, and toast for $5.99. Everything was delicious. My reason for a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because I had several small  egg shell remnants in my eggs. They were perfectly scrambled but no one likes random crunches when chewing their eggs. I will definitely come back. I've heard their gumbo is some of the best uptown so that will be my next order.This is for the glazed cake donuts that a colleague brought in this morning. They are cooked all the way through (soft interior), nice snap to the crust, and the glaze must have a touch of vanilla. I just ate two, and am not sugar overloaded or logey feeling. Dang!!!! 
I do not know how anything else is there, but I would go for the donuts (The buttermilk drops at ManhattanJack;s are no longer very good--big firm lump in the middle)Food was good but 2 of our orders was wrong staff told us they are out of pancakes so 30 min later we get all 5 orders and we are missing one of our orders  so after 1 hour they got it right so we enjoyed it but 2 hours it tookThe lady and I stumbled in to Freret St. Po-Boy in their early days thanks to a tip by a lady working the counter at Bloomin' Deals across the street. 
My lady, in wide-eyed wonder, ordered fries and a honeybun (her first, ever). She explained to the counterlady that in Trinidad (her home country) that there are no such things as honeybuns or gumbo. The counterlady smiled that secret smile and nodded firmly to my lady. 
Half an hour later, the folks at Freret had given my sweet Trini wife a culinary tour of New Orleans with little samples of gumbo, jambalaya, and spicy rice 'n' beans. The counterlady also sent us home with two more honeybuns and the instruction to "party like good young people" before we enjoy those honeybuns. (Best absorbed when drunk, apparently.) 
Lagniappe, at it's finest. 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the shop. Somewhat cramped with no space for accessibility devices to really maneuver. No braille menu or signage. Very helpful staff to help read off the menu board.Never again! I've tried to support this small business but I can't anymore after this last time. I called in an order for the budget breakfast. I was surprised anyone answered because I've gotten the busy signal before. He says it'll be ready in 10 minutes. I arrive about 20 minutes later and it's not ready. I heard a lady give the cook my order and she claims there were a lot of orders before me. So then I wait about 10 minutes and I go up to pay. I pull out my credit card and she says their credit card machine is down. "You didn't see the sign?" Umm, no because I phoned in my order. She then points me to their ATM since I didn't have cash. I'm not about to pay at the ATM fee for anything especially not a $6 dollar breakfast.  It's just unfortunate that basic business practices and true customer service is lacking there.Food: Ordered the fried shrimp po'boy and have no complaints. The shrimp is somewhere in between Domilese's and Guy's in terms of size. The batter was great and overall it was an A+ overstuffed sandwich.
Atmosphere: It's a donut shop, and smells like one. I guess that's good if you like the smell of donuts. Lacks the charm of Guy's or the authenticity of Domilese's. There are three large TVs in the small room, two of which are slideshows of menu items. Nice big windows to view "The New Freret" (Blooming Deals and #1 Used Tires...) while you eat.
Conclusion: At $12 for a 10" po'boy, I'd suggest spending less money at Guy's or getting more for your buck at Domilese's. However, excited to see another good addition to Freret Street and hope little shops like this can challenge the strip mall virus in the neighborhood.In town for Falcons and Saints, looking for some good breakfast and decided to try here. Had the fried fish and grits and it was so good. Wife had shrimp and grits. Would repeat.Good poboys, somewhat generous proportions, and friendly staff.  Downside is that it's overpriced, e.g.  $13 for a full size poboy.This place isn't anything fancy, but the po-boys were delicious. The roast in the roast beef was real roast, not sandwich meat in gravy. The bread was the perfect mix of soft and crispy. My wife loved her shrimp pro-boy. 
There wasn't any tables outside, but they brought one out for us. If you want a good po-boy, this is a good spot.amazing sandwiches with a quick wait!
Very casual and fun, great food for a cheap price. DEFINITELY a must, my first 5 star review because the food is great!