I eat bread pudding everywhere- this bread pudding made my night!   Outdoor seating, fun and interesting crowd, delicious entrees!  You can't go wrong.My wife and I made the trek from Kenner again to eat here (and drink). The food is always delicious, but today was probably our best experience. The staff is great and so is the beer. Today we split the meatballs (always a favorite), the mussels (with sauce I'd swim in!), and two of the daily specials. The first was a carrot and ginger soup that was phenomenal and Im not even a big carrot fan. The other was a crispy pork belly over shaved Brussels sprouts . Oh my goodness it was delicious. Perfectly cooked, great balance with the salad. The best pork belly dish that I've ever had. Add that to the delicious Scotch ale and it was a perfect dinner. Can't wait to come back.An excellent addition to the increasingly trendy Freret St! We planned on stopping for a beer and ended up staying for dinner. The beer list was well crafted and featured local brews, with something for everyone's taste. Good wine list for the non-beer drinkers, and they mentioned they'd be getting a hard liquor license soon, too. My husband ordered the chicken and gnocchi and really wanted to order a second helping - it was just that good. I combined their wedge salad and the buffalo oyster appetizers into a main, and oh my goodness. Good atmosphere, friendly staff. We'll definitely be back.My wife and I cabbed it outside the hectic French Quarter to this amazing find. I came for the beer but was blown away by the food. Excellent garden salad, and the grilled cheese with fig chutney was off the charts. Then we finished with a fantastic butterscotch pudding perfectly paired with Oskar Blues Old Chub Nitro. Meanwhile, the beers were unique and memorable (except that a couple were 12-13%).  One of a kind example: Bishops Barrel No. 18 by Saint Arnold. Take a trip here for food that rates up with the best of NOLA. Go here.Excellent food at Freret Beer Room seriously was taken back!  Everything we had was excellent.We were visiting New Orleans from KC and stopped in here for dinner on a Friday evening. We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation. Our table wasn't quite ready, but we were seated by our actual reservation time. I love when this actually happens!
We are big beer fans so we were looking forward to checking out what they had. Their draft menu is small; it had a few beers that are common but great, and also a handful of beers that are regional/local and are excellent. So, a small tap list but the beers are top-notch. The bottled beer list is also small but great. My girlfriend ordered a wine for her second drink and she loved it. I would say that their wine list is like their beer list, small but great. Actually, the same goes for the food menu. I like this concept. Why not do a few dishes and do them to perfection instead of having a 6 page menu and everything is so-so tasting? 
On to the food... we started with a cheese board. I don't remember the cheeses but I know we had one hard cheese (goat, I think), a bleu cheese, and one soft cheese. They were all fantastic.
For entrees we had the pan fried chicken sandwich, the ham & cheese sandwich, and a side of greens. 
Chicken sandwich: this was fried to perfection! The taste of the breading couldn't have been any better, and the way the chicken worked with the slaw was amazing. The ham and cheese sandwich: I only had one bite of this so the only description I'm able to give is "fantastic." My girlfriend ate the entire sandwich and loved it. The greens: Wow! They were amazing. Cooked just right (not too soggy) and with huge chunks of bacon. The bacon flavor was strong but still balanced with the other flavors. It didn't take over the dish.
Our server was fantastic. The place was insanely busy and it was clear he was stretched thin. Even with that he stayed on top of everything, never rushed when he stopped by the table (always made sure he tried to pair our next beer/wine with our dishes, etc.). It's always great when you know a server is getting his/her butt kicked but he/she doesn't get flustered (or at least doesn't show it).
The restaurant was extremely packed and very loud. It's almost like the acoustics are weird and elevate the sound. This didn't bother us one bit, but if you are looking for a quiet dinner I wouldn't count on having that here. The decor is simple and very nicely done. There was a slideshow of pictures playing on the back while we were there. Are the photos from someone involved with the restaurant? They were all great photos and were fun to look at while we ate.
I will definitely return here on our next trip to New Orleans (this spring for Jazzfest).This place is one of my favorite new restaurants in the city. I have eaten here almost 10 times since they opened and have never had a bad experience or a bad item. Portions are fair and not overwhelming ( I like being able to finish what's on my plate), and the menu changes a little with the available seasonal ingredients which I truly enjoy. I am not a dessert person, but their pastry chef has converted me. Order dessert, any dessert, and you will leave a happier person. Great spot for brunch; never a wait, perfectly cooked eggs, thick cut bacon, biscuits to die for, and drink specials, what more could you ask for?We just went there earlier today and thought it was really delicious.Tough to pick a favorite on Freret but this is for sure a top pick. The food is delicious beyond compare. A constantly changing menu keeps me coming back. Pasta is made in house. Beer pairings are offered. And even if you're not a beer drinker (they've a small but smart wine menu too)  you've got to stop by for the food.I have a good friend who works here so I check it out every now and then. They have about 16 beers on tap. No bottles or cans. No liquor, so it's beer and wines only. The food is pretty good. I like the potato gratin. Apparently now on every third Tuesday they have a taco pop-up. Good service always. Worth a try.Can't say enough about the quality of food here. We thoroughly enjoyed every single thing we ordered. The service was extremely friendly and helpful. We will happily go back and often..luckily it's right by the house!Had dinner here based on the beer list and was pleasantly surprised. They serve real food prepared with  care and with love. Will definitely be back.Great rotating beer selection! In addition, and I do not say this lightly, they have one of the best, if not the best burger in the city. The bun is perfectly grilled like your father would do it. The mushrooms are smokey like clothing after a bonfire. And the burger itself is so juicy! Mussels are A+ as wellSuper cute spot, love the industrial look. Great beer selection, quirky food menu. Great service, the bar tenders know their beer. Hostess was very nice, everyone else said hello, very polite. We really liked it!Omgosh what a great place.  Delicious food and great wait staff.  What a fun night for MG group of seven who wanted to just eat out and not parade.  Loved it and highly recommend.We recently visited the Freret Beer Room while on a trip to New Orleans. The beer selection has great variety.  However the most surprising aspect of the Freret Beer Room was its food.  We were there for their first Sunday of serving brunch.  Their biscuits and gravy are some of the most savory - and best - biscuits and gravy I have ever had.  The broccolini and fish was outstanding.  A member of our party had the chicken sandwich, and they said it was absolutely terrific.  And the Dutch baby is a treat not to be missed.  Whether you are a local or a tourist, the Freret Beer Room is a place you should not miss.Let me say, over all, the food was damn good. The portions are not ample but what they lacked in size, they more than made up for in taste. 
We had the meat plate, the cheese plate, the boudin balls, the grouper throats, the peppers, the chicken confit and the potato/turnip and squash just to name a sample of what we had. All of it really good. 
And then, there is the beer selection & atmosphere... this is a beer room with a less than versatile beer selection. The beer selection was underwhelming at best. And the atmosphere... again, not at all what we were expecting.This is some of the best food in New Orleans, almost definitely the best on Freret. The gumbo, meatballs, pot roast sandwich, gratin are all excellent. The chicken sandwich is delicious although a little messy. The beer selection is ample and the menus change all the time so there's always something new to eat and drink. I know the listing says not good for kids but I've seen babies and children here a lot and it's open enough that it doesn't seem like anyone is cramping anyone else.Loved my experience at the Beer Room! I got the fried chicken sandwich which was superb and I'm still thinking about it a few days later. They have a solid menu of appetizers, entrees, and small plates. The beer menu is only about 20 beers deep which is a little misleading for a "beer room" but they have good descriptions of each beer if you aren't a huge beer drinker and you can order samples. I wish you could do a flight of beers while you were there. If you want to do a huge beer sampling this may not be the place but for a fun dinner and beer with friends go for it!Having eaten dinner here four times, I'm slowly working my way through the entire menu. Not only have I not had a bad meal here, everything I've eaten has been absolutely top notch. Prices are super reasonable for the quality. Portions are perfect; not too big, not too small.
Must get: Chicken Confit & Dumplings. One of my favorite dishes in all of NOLA right now.
Other highlights: Pot Roast Sandwich. You'll close your eyes while you're taking a bite. Perfect flavor and texture.
Boudin balls: The best I've ever had
Roasted beets: Hard to mess this up, but FBR does an exceptional job anyway. Those pepitas are an awesome addition.
Ironically I think they are weak in the beer dept. The non-regional beers they serve tend to not be my favorites (totally subjective). Would appreciate more saisons, and less stouts, porters, and IPAs. They also do that thing where anything over 5.5% ABV comes in an undersized pour for way too much money. Not gonna dock them any stars for this as I consider this a place to eat rather than drink (despite the name), but they need more full pints of stronger beers. Until that happens I'll stick to water and spend my dollars on food.Since I'm not a beer girl, this was one of the few Freret Street spots that I hadn't been to. This was corrected when micro-brew loving family was in town last month. 
I was impressed that the wine list was varied and while not huge, well selected. There were interesting food choices. I had a beet and hummus dish and the earthiness of the two items worked well together.  The grilled  broccoli with smoked fish was delicious. The cheese plate enjoyed by my uncle looked delicious. PLUS OMG chocolate pudding for dessert. Just remembering the tasty pudding, I would like to go back now please.
Service was good, even though we sat outside on a somewhat warm evening. But the breeze was good and the bugs stayed away. 
I didn't see the plating or quality issues that others did. Maybe they've resolved some of their problems. Or maybe I hit them on a good night.GREAT PLACE! People are not expecting this when they hear "beer room", but it's really good, modern southern food. I wish they had cocktails for the non beer drinkers among us, but the food was really great.Been a while since I've updated my review, everything is still very much on point! Great food and their beer selection is still phenomenal....they now have a full bar (limited brands) and a excellent happy hour 4-6pm....had the fish dip tonight fantasticGreat selection of drinks and food. The ingredients seemed to be very fresh and loved the combination of flavors.We don't like beer -and this is a beer place.  Lol.  We went to try some of the food.  First I must say the beer menu made me wish I liked beer!  All beer lovers should check this place out! The food menu is nice and unique.  As vegetarians there were only 2 options for us- and they did not disappoint. We also live the up and coming area this place is in- easier to park then the more crowded areas of Nola. And lots of cute shops around.Service was attentive.  Food was good.  I can recommend the boudin balls and pickled okra as an appetizer.  Wedge salad was crisp, but I would suggest they add crackers or bread to that and many of their offerings. A companion enjoyed the shrimp gnocchi.  This place is horribly loud, though.  Impossible to hold a conversation.Food was ok, I felt like it was the end of the grocery order. For the appetizer we had muscles and few did not open and they were not removed. We opened one and it smelled terrible. We had the Gnocchi and there were 5 great pieces
The hamburger was on the other side of fresh as was my roast beef Sandwich.... with not so much beef and a weird salsa which they called gravy. 
The flourless chocolate cake was again from yester- Years. It was crumbly... 
Service.... possibly the B team as they were eating on the job and not attentive. 
We chose this due to the awesome reviews on Yelp. Sorry this place is not so awesome!!Great service, great beer, great food. We had the chorizo bolognese (highly recommend it), roasted cauliflower, and the gumbo. All were very good. They need to work on their desert options.  I would definitely go again.What a great new gastropub on Freret st...outstanding beer and amazing food! Come for the beer stay for the phenomenal food!  
Grilled Broccoli small plate was fantastic, the chicken confit was fantastic, request bread to get every ounce of the sauce and the Meyer lemon tart was decedent!  
Check this place outI kind of had mixed feelings about this place, it maybe because I overhyped it in my mind.  Freret Beer room is definitely for the beer snob.  You may prefer the more PC term, connoisseur.  They only have 16 beers on tap so their isn't a huge variety and surprisingly no Busch Light on tap.  My Uncle Jethro was none to happy about this.  I believe these 16 beers change out quite regularly but when I went it was heavy on the stouts and IPA's.  I'm not a big stout guy and I'm even less of a stout guy in the summer.  
Anyway, the lady friend and I came here for a bite to eat and a few drinks.  She's not big on beer so nothing on their menu appealed to her.  Luckily they do serve a few different types of wine as well. (No spirits though).  I had 2 different IPA's that were hoppy as hell as they are supposed to be.  As for food we ordered the cheese plate which is 3 cheeses, some nuts, and some sort of jelly like stuff to put on the bread.  It was solid and decently priced at 14.00.  We also ordered the meatballs that were rather small but tasty.  There are a couple of hearty sammiches on the menu but the rest is kind of fru-fru with things like Roasted Beets and Potato and Turnip Au Gratin.  Not what I think off as tasty eats while sipping on my beer.  
It's a pretty cool place but wasn't what I was expecting.  I don't see bringing the bro's in here unless we only want to drink a few new brews then go get a hot dog down the street. However if the lady friend wants to get a few apps and a glass of wine, I'd come back to have a few pints.I had the chance to go on opening night before they were serving beer. The food was amazing, the owner was charming and attentive, and when there were pacing issues with the meal he sent out little treats from the kitchen. 
I am excited to go back when they have beer pairings and can't wait to see their growth.Great food, curated craft beers, excellent service - will return often and recommend to all.
Get the chicken sandwich, cauliflower, broccoli with smoke fish, gumbo, and smoked tuna appetizer. All desserts great.The beer was good but the service was subpar. The bar tender acted like I was bothering him when I asked for a recommendation. Unless enjoy being talked down to or you work here.... don't come here. They don't care for their patrons. It was such a let down...Tried the mussels and roast beef sandwich, all delicious.  Rustic with notes of modern.The restaurant was not bad in the least. The food was decent and pretty good faire. I screwed up by just having the chicken biscuit where I should have gotten the chicken sandwich. My date got the burger without the bun  and for all intents and purposes it was pretty tasty. I know they call it the beer room, but I really didn't feel like the beer menu was eye opening or trendy I guess. Overall, the food was good and fed all involved so you can not beat that.yum! great food too!  try the chicken sandwich.Really solid spot - my family and I greatly enjoyed it. The place has a local, hip vibe and a comfortable, homey feel. Chloe took care of us and was friendly, fun and quick with a smile and a recommendation. Love her! They were nice enough to create a macaroni and cheese dish for my daughter, who was in the mood and she was a fan. Beer list was impressive, with a great combination of local faves and awesome craft offerings. The menu wasn't extensive but there was plenty of good choices. The fried chicken sandwich, known as the O.G., came highly recommended and I can understand why. Delicious and impressive looking, although I could have used some fries or a side of something. Would have liked to check out the dessert offerings but that will have to be next time. Did get to snag a dope Evil Twin Mexican Stout - had been looking for that for a while and man, it was good. For a slower Sunday night, the food did take a bit of time, but other then that we had no complaints. Great spot, food was good, would happily go back. Thanks for a great time!I went there for lunch. The presentation looks good for every dish. I liked the mussels but not the gumbo...they put potato salad in gumbo and I think that's weird...[Disclosure: the wife of the owner of FBR is my colleague, and I've known them both for several years. They don't know I'm writing this review, and didn't encourage me to. I'm just doing it because my experience was spectacular.]
I've only been to New Orleans twice, and Freret Beer Room opened between my two trips. I brought my girlfriend's family there for a pre-graduation dinner, and the experience was just exemplary all around. The service was friendly, warm, and knowledgeable. The beer list was extensive and thoughtful. The interior was beautiful -- lots of dark wood and sleek fixtures, almost to the point of, like, a Scandinavian vibe. I don't know. It works. 
But the food! It's a small menu, and NOT typical bare fare. Everything was fantastic. I had the kimchi fried rice with orange-glazed chicken and soft-boiled egg for an entre, but the table got a variety of dishes and there wasn't a single disappointment amongst a half-dozen plates. 
The backyard is small, cozy, and pretty unexpected. Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'm coming back to spend an afternoon there.
Seriously though, folks -- this place is aces, and it's owned & operated with integrity by some very swell people. Go here.Food was absolutely amazing portions were great. Service was fast and friendly. Will totally be backVisited Freret Beer Room last weekend and will definitely be back. The staff/owners were top-notch and the food was reliably notable. The beer selection was just right- something for everyone, and the bartenders were incredibly knowledgeable of the options. I was fortunate enough to try several items on the menu and everything I had was amazing. Highly suggest ordering the mussels. They were some of the best I've ever had. Check this place out. You will not be disappointed!The mussels were to die for, we even ordered some more bread to dip in the sauce because it was just that good. We loved the atmosphere and our waitress too!We were excited to try this place and it fully delivered. Food, beer and service were all outstanding. We had the fish collar, seafood bisque, both salads, broccoli and all three sandwiches and all were really amazing. Favorite of the night was the collar, the bisque and the chorizo sandwich but seriously, everything was on point. Loved that the beer menu suggested pairing for the food and our waitress was very knowledgeable as well. Look forward to going back, I know the chef plans on changing the food menu to menu which I love so every time it's a new experience. Very excited to have this close by, can't wait to go back!Went with a large group and they were very accommodating to us!  Loved the $1 meatballs! Wish I would have got a photo of them!  The cheese plate was very good and we split the chicken sandwich which was just okay (I may or may not have had a lot of chicken sandwiches in my life).  My husband seemed to like the beer (I had a cider) but overall positive experience for our vacation with friends!This is a review of the bar area only.
David and I were here on a much needed date night. I'm a beer loved and I had heard good things about this place, so I was excited to belly up to the bar and see what they had to offer. I was excited that they had a great tap selection of all types of beer and I especially enjoyed the stout that they had on tap. David isn't much of a beer drinker, but he does like lighter beer and he was easily able to find something that he liked. I wish I had gotten the bartender's name. He was really nice and knew his stuff. He was very kind and let us sample some beers before committing to a pint, which is always appreciated.
The food sounds amazing, so I know I will be back to try some of their menu.I finally got to check out this spot yesterday and I really liked it. Owned by a family member of a friend of mine, I'd been meaning to check it out since it opened. I went at kind of an off time (6:00 on a Monday evening), so it wasn't very crowded when my wife and I walked in. There were a few people sitting at the bar, but we were the only group at a table.
First, the beer: They have a reasonably-sized menu with enough choices for there to be a good variety, but it's not such a huge list that it's intimidating. With craft brews from around Louisiana and even the rest of the country, there's something here for everyone. I appreciate that they offer smaller sizes (10 oz, I believe) so that you can sample several without filling up (or getting wasted!). I had three different beers, all of which were very different, and I liked all of them.
As for food, they've got small plates, larger plates, and some side dishes. We started with the meatballs, which were delicious! Definitely my favorite part of the dinner. In fact, I mentioned to our server that I would love to get them in some French bread for what would be a killer sub. Just so happens that this was the lunch special earlier in the day! I'd definitely like to get that sometime! Wife and I also shared the chicken confit, which was quite tasty. Loved the crispy skin and the way the meat fell off the bone. Our side of zucchini salad was served cold in a basil-y sauce. Light and tasty. We then shared a dessert, as well. We had the chocolate tart, which was served with some sort of homemade cream sauce. It wasn't quite a whipped cream, but it was light and flavorful. the portion was a lot for one person but perfect for sharing.
There were lots of other items on the menu that sounded good, so I hope I'll get to return soon to sample more beers and food items. With a great location on Freret Street, right next to Dat Dog, I think that the Beer Room is going to be a great success. Go and check it out!Excellent food at Freret Beer Room seriously was taken back!  Everything we had was excellent.We had amazing food here. The chili shrimp were to die for--such amazing seasoning on them. The smashed potatoes were pretty darn good but the burger and the chicken sandwich were out of this world. The three cheese pasta was okay, nothing special, but the rest of the food made up for it. My only complaint is that you were served a sandwich on a plate. No garnish, no pickle, nothing. I like a little something besides just the burger on the plate to make it seem less plain, but that's no reason to take away a star.Came in here on a Sunday trying to find Parish's Ghost in the machine beer. This place had actually been on my list of places to try and we had just finished having dinner and dessert on the same street so it was perfect how it worked out that we were actually able to check this place out. The crowd was nice, not too packed and they had the Sunday night football game on a projector in the corner of the restaurant area. They also serve food here so you have the option of sitting at the bar or getting a table. We sat at the bar. I honestly didn't know what to get because I'm not that big on beer. I asked the bartender if I could sample one type of beer. The bartender must have overheard my conversation about how I just didn't know what kind of beer I wanted because next thing you know he gave me 3 more samples of different beers. So awesome! I have now figured out what beer I like! While we were there we saw the waitress bringing some food out to a table and it smelled and looked amazing!  I def want to come back here to try  the food.  The customer service was just excellent!!If I lived in New Orleans, I would give this place one star to try to keep everyone from taking over my favorite restaurant. Best meal we had in New Orleans. The beer list is small, but thoughtful and not dominated by any one style. Two of us chose a beer first, then followed their suggestions for food pairing. Their menu was creative and gave the option of eating a little or a lot. Our party had the mussels (declared outstanding by a mussels expert), the pan fried chicken sandwich (which was devoured), the meatballs (which rated an audible gasp of delight) and the chicken confit (which is still being talked about, a week later). I just need to find a way to get back there, now.This is a great little restaurant. If you are looking to escape the normal day to day life or sit down an have a normal beer. This is the place. Great food, great beers and amazing customer service. I recommend the cheese plate if you are look for a snack. If not, try anything thing in thier menu. I have not been let down at all! Enjoy everyone!THE BOMB dot COM!!! Keep up the great work Charles & Crew.  Will be back soon!!  Sending folks your way.  If you are reading this- GO THERESo after the "what do you want to eat"..."I don't care" conversation for the 10th million time...we picked this place...we love so many of the place in the area thought we'd give it a shot....it will be a go to place for us from now on!
We called to see how busy they where and how long the wait would be...the guy was super nice and made us a last minute reservation...but when we ended up sitting at the bar.  The bartender was sweet and very informative, she made great suggestions for dinner and all of them were delish!
We had the meatballs, the grilled spring onions( our favorite), the potato gratin and the chicken confit. Look forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu!This place is wonderful! good beer that changes and a great atmosphere. Russell was my bartender and he was amazing super nice very personable and very kind. I will definitely be back here.This place is so legit. The bartender was amazing and friendly - the beer selection was so good - and the happy hour is what all other places need! Specifically, the Pork Roast w/Grits and the Chicken Biscuit are now going to be a regularly ordered item(s) for my family. Incredible taste and much kudos to the cooks/chef. I will be telling people and bringing people to this place as often as I can.Love love love this place. I'm a bit of a food snob, admittedly, since New Orleans has spoiled me, but this place is delicious. We started with the meatballs, served over grits with some sauce and the flavor profile was AWESOME. They really nailed it. Then came one of the specials of the da, the bucatini with lamb Ragu. They make the pasta in house per our waitress so we were swayed into getting it and it was delicious as well. Also got the pot roast sandwich which had fontina cheese and creolaise. A delicious po-boy-esque mess. Each dish was different, inventive, and purely delicious. Can't believe I'm writing this review because soon their secret will be out and we won't be able to pop in without a wait! Keep up the awesome cooking. We will be back!My best way to describe this restaurant is second place on Chopped (TV Show). The flavors are there--the food is really good--but the details (like the plating) don't quite hit the mark given the price point. We ordered the cheese board, boudin balls, wedge salad, chili shrimp, and chicken confit with "dumplings." And for dessert, the lime-blackberry cheesecake and the chocolate pudding. Like I said, flavors were great. Skin on the chicken was crispy and the Marsala mushroom sauce was rich. Boudin balls were crispy and spicy.
In terms of recommendations, the cheese board could be served with a small knife and spoon (for the jelly)--we asked for something and were given a butter knife. I also was surprised by the plates (which seem cheap), along with the fact that the pudding dessert was served in a water glass. These are obviously minor details, but small changes could improve the experience. Also, a disclaimer, many of the dishes pictured on Yelp (as of April 2018) are not on their current dinner menu, it's a little more eclectic with fewer sandwiches. Likewise, the menu on their website is not quite accurate.
All in all, good experience. Great service. Awesome flavors. I was strangely aware of minor details that seemed out of place. Given the out-of-date menu on the website, maybe they're testing some new options and/or acclimating a new chef.This was a fantastic experience. The beer choices were great. The food exceeded expectations. The Brussels sprouts are a must. The shrimp and grits were outstanding. Can't wait to return.The people that are running the place have a great attitude and gave me that great welcome feeling. The cook that made the recipes did an amazing job on getting down the ingredients.This place is ok. Good for hang outs and mussels. But either than that I wouldn't come back. The chicken confit taste straight like chili. Suppose to get a hard boil egg with it but end up getting a fried egg with it. The potato gratin is super rich and cheesy. It's not so bad. The beef heart isn't my type of food. The boudin balls sucks! Tastes like all bread and dry. The hog head cheese isn't so bad but salty. Sorry but I wouldn't come back it's wasn't good at all.We ate dinner here on a Saturday night. Service was very good. We were disappointed with our meals. I ordered shrimp and grits. $27 for 4 shrimp and maybe 3/4 cup of grits. With some roast beef on top. Flavors were good but the value for money was poor-4 shrimp for $27?  Maybe my years in the Carolinas spoiled me. My wife ordered the OG--a fried chicken sandwich. It was fine. Good flavors, the slaw was nice. A very large roll which kind of overwhelmed the chicken. The Bearcat's chicken sandwich is far better. Overall, there was nothing wrong with our meal; but it certainly didn't meet the expectations generated by the other reviews here.This place is something else. The food was so good. It's one of those places you don't expect to be high end quality food until you walk in. Service is great. It's one of those places that are tucked away and the small plates are elevated into something seriously special. If you ever have the chance order 3-5 small plates from here and take an hour to experience shear creativity and be willing to step outside of your comfort zone. You will not be disappointed.I did not try any of the food but it looked good. Mostly just the wait/bar/kitchen staff cooking for themselves and ignoring and being rude to customers. I came expecting this place to be as the name suggest.. a beer room. The beer I had was good and unique to me, however, the selection is lacking.Pretty impressed with this place. Learned about them through UberEats and have loved every dish I have ordered.This is a fun craft veer bar. I love the interior, its really tasteful and understated. I really love the exposed brick. 
The staff is very friendly and helped me make some great beer selections despite me being super indecisive. 
The menu looks delicious. Its not your standard 'bar food' 
This is a place I will be visiting often and could not recommend it more.Wait. This place. This food. Wtf. It's soooooooo good. I got the roast pivot sandwich. My gawd. A dream of a roast reef sandwich. Like, I couldn't even deal with how delicious it was. And then the leek and potato au gratin side. Like what is happening! Who is cooking this amazing food??? Husband got the chicken sandwich and that was really good too but the roast. I meannnnn. Let's go back right now and get it.We decided to try this new place last night. Not sure what to expect, we walked in and had a seat.  The beer menu looked great and then we looked over the dinner menu. We couldn't decide what to do so we ordered from the small plate menu. Wow!  Everything we had was amazing.  Smoked Cobia, poached shrimp with chick peas, braised greens, mussels, potato & turnip Gratin and our personal favorite---- grilled gulf fish collar.  
Excellent service and the chef and owner paid us a visit. We will defiantly be back. 
As for the beer--- all great selections on the menu-- and paired well with the food choices.I finally made it here and got to enjoy their delicious fried chicken sandwich. We checked it out on a Saturday. We walked in, it is a very clean and open space. I guess you could describe it as steam punk in style with lots of medal chairs and stools with open brick and cement walls. We were welcomed by a friendly smile from the waiter and he began to take our order. I inquired if they brew their own beer there and they do not but they have plenty of beers to choose from. 
We ordered the boudin balls, which technically was not part of the menu at the time we went - we came in between brunch and lunch. But he was nice enough to get the chef to whip us up three boudin balls. I was glad because they were pretty good.
Then we ordered the famous OG fried chicken. It came out and the chicken is bigger than the brioche bun it came with. It also comes with shredded lettuce, pickles and a nice sauce. The chicken itself is very juicy, I even mentioned it to our waiter how incredibly juicy and perfectly cooked it was. Then the batter on it was so good and crispy, it is not a spicy chicken sandwich, just perfect in size and crunch. I inhaled that sandwich within minutes.
When the bill came, it was a tablet. I really liked that alot because that meant I never had to give anyone my credit card, you slide on the tablet, pay, add tip and you can email yourself the receipt. It just adds some security in a world full of ID theft. 
I hear they are renovating the whole place but I hope they keep that OG chicken sandwich on the menu. Very good service and food here.When you live in a foodie town, places are on a waiting list. Funny right!  
Finally I made to Freret Beer room for lunch and wow. Loved it. 
The beer list was awesome. 
The lunch, burgers and pot roast sandwiches were delicious tasty and just great. 
The carrot cake was out of this world. 
The place also has an amazing vibe that makes you want to chill and hang. 
Enjoy.This was my first time at Freret Beer Room. The atmosphere was laid back but fun. The place was not that crowded but it was a Monday night. I'm not from Nola, and this was my first time having Boudin Balls. One word - Incredible! The pimento cheese was delicious. I enjoyed the PRS but it was a bit overwhelming to eat, but it was so flavorful! The beer was good, and they had a variety to choose from. Wish the fruit beer had been in stock, will have to come back next time I'm here for work! 
Waitress was super helpful and attentive. Thank you again!I had one of the best hamburgers I have ever had. It was juicy flavorful and tasty. The other entrees were very good as well. The southern cheese board had a nice assortment of cheeses.We come here often. The food is always incredible and waitstaff is very nice and knowledgeable. They have a variety of beers and wines and the food takes "bar food" to a whole new level. I'm honestly surprised that it's not busier since everything about it is awesome. Highly recommend!!We went with Chef's choice on small plates to share around our table. Perfect!  Our favorite was broccoli and fish (trust me - it is really good). Each plate had a unique signature about it.  And the craft/artisanal beer selection pared with the memorable food will bring us back.  Alex served with confidence and good humor.  Great atmosphere - comfortable and easy setting. We shall return.Okay, they had a dollar meatball special on Sunday. I'm not talking just one measly Swedish meatball or something from your grandma's crockpot. I'm talking two delicious, tender, largeish meatballs served on top of cheesy grits with some tangy arugula. It's originally $9 and we got it for $1. It was amazing.
Anyway, their salad from the small plates menu was delish too. The dressing was amazing and it was pretty large. They also had a great variety of beer options and fast, friendly service. I can't complain!We walked around for a bit after going to the Freret market days. Went in on a whim as my husband is a beer aficionado. They have a small lovely side patio where we chose to sit at. My husband decided on the Founders scotch ale he said it was DELISh !! I had the blueberry Abita. We shared the burger and the smashed potatoes. I will say the burger was one of the BEST burgers I have had. We are both burger snobs . It is in the top 5 ! The smashed potatoes were very very yummy. We will be back for sure. This is the time of year to enjoy a beautiful walk and a beer on a patio.Great casual date night spot! Fancy stuff like charcuterie and bread and butter menu but also more substantial fare like sandwiches and salads. House smoked meat specials every week, great beer and wine selection, cocktail list containing original  riffs on some classics. 
Good for a study sesh in the afternoon(coffee+WiFi+comfy seating) or a date night! More of a bar and lounge than the old FBR, which I love! 
Beer list is unique and well curated, love the casual bar service, makes it a great place to hang out for an extended period of time. Giant projector screen where they show all major sporting events. More upscale than the other sports-watching spots on Freret, which was sorely needed on the block. 
This last visit I had the arugula salad add chicken and a Mayhaw sour by great raft. Finished up with one of their homemade cookies a la mode, with gelato made at Piccola Gelateria just down the street. Overall excellent experience.We checked out FBR a couple of weeks into it opening (delayed written review!) after I stumbled upon it on trusty ol' Yelp. My husband is a beer drinker and I wanted something more than just typical bar fare so we decided to give it a go. Parking, surprisingly, wasn't an issue. 
We were greeted at the door and promptly seated. It was a weeknight and I knew they had recently opened so I skipped the whole reservation making. By the looks of the food pictures on Yelp, I thought it was a semi-fancy place but as people started trickling in, some to watch the game with a cold one and others to catch up with friends, I realized I was in more of a casual eats place. They had the National Championship playing on the wall which further emphasized the casual nature of the place. There's some table seating for smaller parties, communal tables, and of course bar seating. 
In true girl fashion, I started with a crisp apple ale and my husband got a lager. Our server was knowledgeable about the beer offerings but did not bore us with a lecture on the history of beer. Service was on par with other casual dining places, not too pushy but not ignoring us either. I have to admit that I was surprised by how few beers were on the menu for a "beer room"...I was thinking more along the lines of Bulldog or World of Beer but like another reviewer has said, there's about 20 beers on the menu and I *think* they swap them out every now and then (?)
For food, I ordered a few things off the menu including the broccoli that has rave reviews, their soup of the day, chorizo sandwich, and the mussels. The broccoli was very good but I have to admit, it is a little strange to eat broccoli as an appetizer/small plate. The soup was a tomato-cream seafood soup which was very good. The chorizo sandwich was too salty and the chard was a little too bitter for my taste. For what it's worth, this sandwich isn't on the menu anymore (which could just be due to a frequently changing menu) but just a heads up that it is on the messier, saltier, greasier side of things. After we shared these items, my hubby was still hungry so we sprung for the mussels. I was very impressed by the mussels simply because we got a heaping amount of them at an affordable price but the tasty broth and the bread helps too! 
Our bill came to around $80 which I think was a little high for the experience. I don't mean to knock a new place but I'll probably check out other restaurants in the Freret Street corridor before coming back.Pretty into their fried chicken sandwich. I'd heard rumors, and after I tried it for myself, I am now a full-on convert, prosletyzing to the masses. 
The happy hour is solid with $2 off local beers and cheap starters, including some really good mussels. 
Just don't try to come here on Tuesday, because they are CLOSED. This was a hard lesson that I had to learn from personal experience, having led a group of coworkers here for a happy hour. They still talk to me. But they no longer listen to my happy hour advice.We went in after recommendations. And it was sooooo good! Good beer selections. But the food was spot on! The bartender was very friendly and so hospitable! I asked for ginger ale bc my stomach was kinda upset when we first went in. And he put in some bitters in for me which is a digestive and I just thought that was a great gesture! 
For food we had chicken confit and gnocchi. Which was absolutely delicious! Gumbo was pretty good as well! We also got the Brussels which was excellent as well!This is one of the best places I have been to this year and is on par with any of the best of the new restaurants that have opened during this renaissance of the last 10 years. 
  Don't let the name fool you , the food here is on a much higher plain than your average beer hall.  You will not find any of the pre made , frozen , Monsanto crud grub that most beer halls serve ,( Abita comes to mind).  The food here is farm fresh organic everything .  The turnips are especially good , you would swear they were just picked.  The pot roast sandwich is another item that you will be very happy you ordered.  
  The only problem with this place is that everything on the menu is so good that your going to need to make multiple visits in order to experience all of the menu. 
  It will also help if you are fond of having a number of really great beer choices on tap.