I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Loved the Brussels sprouts.  The Parline Milkshake was great.  Love the creativity with shakes, fun but more importantly delish!!  Ribs fall off the bone tender and tasty.  We will be back. ....had 4 stars, but my husband said it was well worth 5 stars.Went to Frey's tonight for my husband's birthday & what a great addition to the neighborhood! I loved that I could get fried chicken & ribs on a 2-meat plate. The fried chicken was cooked to order (as it should be) & was juicy with a very good, crunchy crust. We both had ribs & they were fallin off the bone - good. The brisket chili & soft as a cloud biscuits with honey butter was also very good. They have 4 different kinds of mac'n'cheese & we ordered one but had to bring it home because we were so full. I had the spicy, braised cabbage & liked it, but the brussel sprouts were amazing. They had an excellent caramelization with a light, lime juice dressing that cut right through the bitterness of the sprouts. 
I think it was our server's first waiter job, but that was ok. The manager made the rounds of the tables & was very friendly.
I took off one point because it was SOOOO loud, but then we realized it was the final hour of happy hour & they were in the back room & we ate in the bar, so the noise didn't really affect us too much. We will definitely go back!
In a serendipitous moment, in 1975 I recorded a jingle for Frey hot dogs at SeaSaint Studios. It was my first, paid studio job. I asked the manager if it was the same family, & it is! Fun memory for me, but that jingle is now on permanent replay in my brain.Tried Frey on opening weekend and excited about this new BBQ joint!  
First impression of the restaurant/patio/decore was A++.  Loved the barn door to the kitchen, the intricate details of the design, and the rustic bar!  All the doors were open to the patio, the football games were on, and I was ready to enter meat heaven.
First course - the biscuits. OMG. They were hot, fluffy, and tasty. 
Main course - We had the brisket, pulled pork for our meats and the pulled pork mac 'n cheese for a side.  We enjoyed the pulled pork a little more than the brisket which was a little too fatty for me.  I probably should have ordered the ribs as that what they're known for (from Hogs for the Cause experience).  The Mac 'n cheese came out in a miniature cast iron skillet and was very good.  Would love to try the 3 other varieties they have.
My one regret is that I'm on a wedding diet (hard to believe from what I just said I ordered lol) and didn't get a shake.  Saw some pictures though and WOW.  Might be worth a stop by just to try their incredible-looking Cookie Monster shake.  Will update my review soon (after the wedding ;)
Service was ok. It was their 3rd day of being open so I'll give them a little benefit of the doubt on this one.  Took way too long to get our check and had to ask for honey several times. But probably to be expected.Everything was outstanding. Ribs, brisket, slaw, beans, and smoked chicken salad. Tucked away off the corner of Carrollton and Bienville, but worth seeking it out.Good BBQ. Will be back after it got a year under its belt to try it again. Wings were good. BBQ sauces need some work.Brand new place in mid city. The food was excellent and the wait staff was super friendly. We had the mac and cheese with bacon and pepper jack cheese...AMAZING. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and so flavorful. We also had the brisket which was melt in your mouth tender. All in all a great experiencewith one little hitch... On the down side they have only been in business less than two weeks and they still have a few kinks to work out. They ran out of some of the smoked meats and we visited at 230 in the afternoon. Other than that I totally encourage people to stop by and check them out. I can't wait to return.Frey is very disappointing. Portion sizes are SMALL, especially they mac and cheese for $6 and a menu note "please allow extra time to prepare". I was really expecting something special but this really fell flat on flavor and it barely filled the cup it was served in. It was a smaller portion then the $3 sides we got!
Overall we weren't happy with our meal. We got takeout service, each getting the one meat platter. Well when we got home and tried the pulled pork all you could taste was burnt. Not smoky, but BURNT. The pork was really bad, it tasted as if it had been pulled hours or even days ago covered in sauce and left to simmer, dried out, scalding the bottom of the pot. The sides left a lot to be desired both on portion size and flavor. Also was surprised that the platters didn't come with a small roll or a slice of bread. The brisket was tender but just average flavor. The sauces were okay. The shakes were just okay. I would've complained to a manager but we did takeout. I won't be back anytime soon.
I would rather go 3 minutes in either direction on Carrollton to Blue Oak on N. Carrollton or South to LA Smokehouse.We ordered the two meat plate with brisket and smoked chicken with sides of Brussels sprouts and baked beans. The sides and the food were delicious! Their original barbecue sauce is amazing. Additionally, the service was great and very accommodating. Even though we came in close to closing time we were not at all rushed. It was overall a great dining experience.Attempted to place a to go order at 6:10pm on a Sunday and earlier this week and they were out of 1/3 of the items they sell. They have been consistently short on supply lately. Frustrating.
Read below though. When they have all of their selections, they are the best around.Slow service. Food not so good. Asked for a well done burger, came out medium. The pull pork, very greasy, BLT had a thin slice tomato, had to ask for more, the bacon was suppose to be smoked, but, no smoked taste on the bacon. Will not go back againLoved everything about this restaurant. Perfect location with easy parking.  Great food, great service and comfortable atmosphere. Everyone was friendly from beginning to end.  Everyone in our group loved their dinner. Highly recommend the pulled pork burger and for those who love a gourmet shake save room they are amazing.Frey's is a great addition of authentic new BBQ restaurants recently opening in New Orleans, of what I call Texas style BBQ.  Years ago you had to go west of Houston to find BBQ this good.  My favorite was the Iron Works in Austin. 
This great style of BBQ was not to be found in New Orleans until the The Joint in the Marigny became of age.  Well now you can get good BBQ right here in Mid-City. 
I always judge authentic BBQ by the benchmark of brisket. Their brisket was moist and spot on, being very tender, but with a good bite. It was tasty with  a good smoke ring and some burnt ends. Their pulled pork was just as good with good smoke flavor. My plate included Pork belly which I don't have a lot of experience with so I am not rating it. My sides included potato salad and Brussels Sprouts which very good. 
They have a full bar with an extensive premium bourbon collection.I wanted to like this place so badly. Unfortunately it is the worst barbeque restaurant I've ever eaten at and I can't imagine that it will stay open very long if the menu doesn't get revamped soon. The brisket, while tender, had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. It had to be drowned in sauce to be palatable. The potato salad was bland and wet, so bad that if someone brought it to a family barbeque as a side, only the flies would enjoy it. We also had the baked beans which were not good. The only menu item that kept me from giving them a 1-star review was the biscuits, which were good, very heavy, and served with honey butter. The location of this spot is really nice and the service was okay but the food was not congruent to the greatness that is the New Orleans dining scene. If you want good barbeque, you're better off going elsewhere.Everything we had was delicious. The pork belly poppers were probably our favorite, and a close second was the grilled cabbage side. We ordered the St. Louis rib platter and the brisket platter and the meat very good and tender. My dad, who is very picky and cooks his own bbq even enjoyed it so it must be great! Only negative thing to say was the decor in the restaurant made it seem like you should be in the suburbs somewhere- there was a definitely lack on New Orleans art on the walls. But would recommend it to anyone, certainly the best barbecue I've had in New Orleans!I have been here 3 times and twice has been for their 'on steroids milk shakes'. I love the fact that this location has an actual parking lot. It has outdoor dinning as well. They have very good service as well. 
I recommend the milk shakes, of course, but be warned the the cakes that are the side of the glass are mainly for decor imo and not to be eaten. To put it nice, they should stick to bbq and not baking cakes. We got the cookie monster one and the cup cake was flavorless but all the yummy cookie crumbles and icing on the rim of the glass was FANTASTIC as is the thick, creamy shake itself. The strawberry shake has amazing icing and cream on the side of the glass, but the short cake is something left to be desired. I have had their king cake shake during Mardi Gras Season and it was actually a very good king cake, very cinnamony and moist - I would order a full king cake if they sold it.  All of the shakes themselves are fabulous but they need to keep the crazy cake toppings bc it is almost a unintentional gimmick that gets people talking about Frey. And of course when everyone in the restaurant sees your obnoxious shake, they all order one, too. 
As for the BBQ, best pork belly!! It's like candy, i dream about it. It is so good! I also enjoyed the pulled pork. I ordered the over sized biscuits but had to return them, twice because they were undercooked both times. The parts that were cooked, was really great though.Really really good meats. If you're craving a down home burger with a gourmet feel this place has it. This place has the suburban feel in Mid City. Waitstaff was wonderful and came around just when was needed.Yummy! Highly recommend the Alabama sauced wings and pork belly poppers. Seems like they are getting their groove with service, we had multiple people check on us. The set up with indoor/outdoor seating is a nice option.Came for dinner last night and left pretty disappointed.  The food was decent.  Not the best BBQ I've ever had but it wasn't bad.  The brisket and pulled pork we're a little on the dry side but still flavorful and the sauces were all great.  The best thing I had was the fried pork belly.  I could eat that all day.  We finished with a shake and it was as over the top as we had hoped.
The service, however, was atrocious.  The waitress strangely assumed the appetizer was intended to come with the meal so we got everything at once.  Once she took our order we rarely saw her again.  When we paid we took our check to the bar so we could pay.
I'm not sure if I will go back here.  There's better BBQ, beer and service elsewhere.Well not impressed. I had to Google my beer selection because had no clue what any of them were. Ordered brisket child cheese fries I got that before I got my beer. Two bites in the appetizer my burger came out (yes the appetizer was cold).
My cold appetizer was better then the burger. 
My waitress most new she very lacking across the board.
Honestly, I would not recommend it if you are craving some serious BBQPork belly poppers were bomb. I just came for the poppers. I'll have to return for the rest of the menu. The service was great too.We had to check out the new BBQ place opening in mid-city, especially by the Owners of Rue 127 and let me tell you it did not disappoint! It's a great little spot with fantastic woodwork! 
We started with the Brussels Sprouts, Gumbo, and the Pepperjack & Bacon Mac-n-chz. The gumbo was absolutely fantastic, the Brussel Sprouts were light and crunchy with a hint of lemon, and the Mac-n-chz.. well just do yourself a favor and be bad and get it because it's totally worth it! 
We then wrapped up with a 3 meat plate to try the pork ribs, fried chicken, and brisket with potato salad and coleslaw sides. The rib meat fell off the bone on the first bite, had great flavor, and was probably my favorite item. My boyfriend loved the fried chicken and said it was one of the best he had ever had and the brisket was a nice thick tender cut. 
For drinks... I fell in love with the Smokin' Shandy and my boyfriend got a flight of Rye Whiskey that he throughly enjoyed! 
Overall A+ for opening night! Everything was affordable, tasted great, and our bartender did an a wonderful job recommending things. 
Anyways check it out and see for yourself!The buffalo chicken wings are the best I've ever had. The wings must be smoked and the buffalo sauce has the right amount of heat. The chargrilled Brussel sprouts are amazing! I totally was not expecting them to be that delicious. The St. Louis pork ribs were fall off the bone tender and the brisket was so tender! I can see why Frey's has won so many awards. If you're on the all meat/keto diet they have plates of just meat. I broke my all meat diet to have the brussel sprouts and it was completely worth it. I didn't have room to order a shake but they look super yummy. My daughter had the Mac and cheese burger; she loved it. The corn bread side that my son ordered was served with a sweet butter that complemented the corn bread perfectly. The pork belly my husband had was tender and not fatty, flavorful. My other son enjoyed the pulled pork; very tender and delicious. Our waiter, Cody, was super nice. Lots of families were there and everyone looked like they were enjoying their meals. Our table was very clean too. It's great that each table has a roll of paper towels- you'll need it! I recommend this BBQ place to anyone be who loves BBQ.This place looked promising, but they have an issue having food in stock. At a smoked meat restaurant, I obviously ask for beef ribs and the bartender said they were out, and offered alternatives, which included the St Louis ribs, so I ordered those. Texas toast sounded good for a side, so I went for that and was told they were out of that. That's literally bread. I ordered fries and baked beans, although a bit disappointed. 20 minutes later, the bartender came back and told me they were out of St Louis ribs and explained that they've had issues having food throughout the night. I paid for my beer and left. They probably have good food, and hopefully they'll fix their issue with supply at some point.Amazing food and atmosphere! The chili is great. Brisket sandwich and chicken sandwich were the best I've ever had. Wait staff is friendly--overall great experience.Asked for extra crispy fries & had her repeat the order. The fries were as limp as a wet dish rag.Not a great start. Called in a to-go order and was told it would be 15min. It took me 10 min to get here and I've been waiting for 30. The very quiet and timid hostess said 10 more minutes. Restaurant is not that crowded.Just found this place while returning to my car after grocery shopping. I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at one of the empty tables in the bar area where I was the only person ordering food. Next time will choose the dining room which has a visually "warmer" feel to it and less emphasis on large TV screens broadcasting football, Service was friendly and quite quick.
I've been a fan of barbecue since living in the mountains of North Carolina, and seek out the best places wherever I happen to be living. While there are good barbecue places in NOLA, my objective was to find an equally good place in my own neighborhood .... and this is it.
I ordered the pulled pork platter with brussels sprouts and potato salad as sides. The serving of pulled pork was generous, tender and extremely flavorful. The sprouts are one of my favorite vegetables so I was curious to see how Frey would prepare them - roasted to perfection! Potato salad is one of those signature sides that can tell a lot about the care given to even the "minor" items on a menu. Frey serves theirs as quartered small potatoes in a mayo sauce .... while not my favorite, it's considerably better than the over-mayo'd mush served in so many places.
Given the family culinary history of the chefs at Frey, I believe they'll continue to attract new customers- but would suggest that of the three young managers sitting at the bar, talking to each other and watching football, a simple stop by my table to ask "How was the meal? Hope you visit us again" would have signified an interest in customer satisfaction and repeat visits ... important for a new place.I had heard great things about this place so I gathered up 15 of my friends to come here on Sunday Jan 29 to find out you were completely out of cheddar cheese and many other main items on the menu. Extremely disappointed.This was basic food for high cost. The burger was nothing special and cooked well done with no options. The wings were terrible. They were a good size but prepared poorly which was surprising being that meat is supposed to be their specialty. We even got their mac and cheese and was disappointed because it was merely jalapeno flavored with no actual jalapenos. Overall it was just an ok experience with an annoying disappointment that we over paid for the quality we received.We ate here about 5 months ago and everyone in our group (8) enjoyed it.  Today was a different story!  My husband wanted brisket and I wanted fried chicken.  We were really looking forward to our visit.  Very disappointing.  My fried chicken platter arrived.  The waiter said it was 4 pieces mixed.  I specifically asked if that included a breast.  I got a thigh, a leg and 2 wings.  I called him over and asked about the missing breast.  Had to ask about our mac and cheese which was obviously forgotten since it took 10 minutes after the reminder to get it.  He came back and stated, they can make you a breast but it will take at least 20 minutes.  And just stood there.  I finally said that will be fine, I'll just take it to go.  Customer service is seriously lacking.  My husband was very disappointed, said this is the second worse brisket he has ever had, dry and crunchy.  Sadly, we won't be back......We came for dessert only. I shared the Cookie Monster milkshake - the cookie was sweet and chewy, the cupcake was cute but dry, and the milkshake was average. I don't want to know how many Oreos went into making it, but the milkshake could probably be shared by at least three people. The milkshakes are $10 - not sure if it was worth the price, but it was worth the experience of feeling like a kid allowed to have all the sugar in the world with no one to stop you. I probably wouldn't ever order it again, but it was fun to try once.My husband and I have been to Frey quite a few times, as it is a bbq place within walking distance of our place. The food is good, not great, in my opinion. I've had the brisket a couple times. It is probably  my favorite menu item. I've often wanted the smoked chicken, but they seem to run out a lot. My husband loves their fried hot chicken sandwich. He gets it almost every time. My biggest complaint with Frey is the wait time for food. In the times we've been (maybe 6-7 times) the food never came out in a timely manner...especially for a bbq joint. Most items are already prepared...no reason for a 45 minutes wait for food. They've also forgotten my husband's food before (while eating at the bar...ended up just getting it to go). We continue to go, as my husband cannot get enough of that sandwich, but it would be nice to see service moving a little more smoothly.First, it is in a strip mall. Red flag number one. Not an old school strip mall that holds diamond in the rough mom and pop shops, one of those new ones where rent is high, and quality is low.
Save your money. Go to one of the other several dozen smokehouses in New Orleans. This one is terrible. 
I was a party of one and they didn't like that. I watched 3 parties of 2 that came in after me get seated before me. They only sat me when I asked what the wait was about. 
The food is bad. The smoked chicken was ok, not great. The bbq sauces all taste like straight vinegar. All of the other food sucked. I paid $22 for smoked chicken, a tiny side of mac and cheese, spicy grilled cabbage, and cornbread. Cornbread was $3 for a cornbread muffin that was cold. They should be ashamed of themselves. 
Mac and cheese comes in "flavors" with bacon, pimentoes, etc. I asked for it plain, and it was terrible. It had a bitter after-taste. Guess all the flavors are meant to cover that. Grilled cabbage was nice. But could've used salt and pepper rather than relying just on the spicy sauces on top for seasoning. There also wasn't enough sauce for the 1/4 a cabbage portion that I received. The cabbage leaves were also so tough in some places that I had to ask for a steak knife to cut them. 
Finally, service was slow.
A wasted meal in New Orleans.Customer service is aweful. I have been to this place twice and both times was a major disappointment. No one greets you and you have to flag down a hostess. The beans taste like they are straight from the can, the meat was super fatty, and nothing else was special. The second time I went, I waited 20 minutes for two milkshakes that had 0 toppings and weren't worth the $20 I paid. I would go to Blue Oak any day over this aweful place.Burger King has a better cheeseburger. Gotta get rid of the frozen patty's guys. Too many other good burgers in town to order from here again.While many people bemoan the year 2016, I celebrate it. Because no matter what happened that has your underoos in a bunch, 2016 was the year of the brisket. No longer is Nola a one brisket town! Huzah!
Frey is one of the latest entries into New Orleans' burgeoning BBQ scene. I visited recently after Shannon gave me the scoop and sent me a picture of their beef ribs. My experience was a take-out visit, but I thoroughly enjoyed it, and will be back soon. 
Rather than call in my order I placed it upon my arrival. Service was friendly and my order was ready in under ten minutes. 
I wanted to experience as much variety as possible so I opted for a three meat patter with sliced brisket, pulled pork and sausage. My sides were beans and potato salad. 
Brisket - Moist and tender with very flavorful bark. My one complaint would be that it wasn't as smoky as I prefer, but it was still very good. Getting it to-go and driving 15 minutes to my office didn't degrade its quality at all. 
Pulled pok - Goot to very good. The pork was coated in some sort of liquid which made it very moist and flavorful. I wish more places would coat their pork. 
Sausage - Not my cup of tea. The sausage may have been Italian sausage which I don't really like. 
Beans - I didn't like their beans. 
Potato salad - Great! I'd describe the potato salad as a remoulad variety and it was spicy and creamy like it should be. 
I really enjoyed Frey and will definitely be back.Good product-- probably would have earned a 5 Star from me if the service would've been better. Server should not be so contrary when a customer asks for a special request; more so, should've at least said "let me check" or "it may be an up charge, but let me ask". Server was snide about the request, also. Now onto the food: brisket was great. Burger was cooked to exact temp asked for. Mac was good, very cheesy. The fries are good and crispy. Potato salad is very bland, though. Good location that was clean as well.First off, we were seated and not greeted by a server until we awkwardly stared around the restaurant for 5 minutes--very cute restaurant by the way. I ordered the Brisket platter with French fries and baked beans. The brisket itself was delicious but the sides were very disappointing. The beans and fries were both cold. The fries were waaaaay over cooked and the beans were undercooked. My boyfriend ordered the brisket and St Louis ribs-both awesome. His sides were more disappointing than mine. (That cabbage wedge. Wtf was that? It was so hard, it could have stopped a bullet.) After a while, we noticed that our server seemed to be the only one taking tables while everyone else was either doing various side work or talking amongst themselves with little care to diners. With such an awesome and cute location, it's sad that the food and service wasn't better.Frey Smoked Meat is an average place in an above average food town.
I had a pimento cheese burger that was tasty, yet the cheese was melted into a runny goo and the meat on the burger fell apart as soon as I bit into it.
The fries were overcooked and a few were stuck together as if they were previously frozen.
Service was more or less attentive.
The space is nice, and you can sit inside or outside on their porch/patio. They feature a good selection of local beers as well.I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of this place and it definitely didn't disappoint! The ribs are tender and flavorful! The brisket melts in your mouth. The mac and cheese (jalapeño and cheddar) is the best I have ever had! Everything is reasonably priced and worth the money. I can't wait to try the fried chicken and the homemade shakes!!! Kudos to the chef!I really wanted to like this place. Mid city is the bomb for new restaurants and they have a great location. We went on a Saturday night around 6:30. Had a group with 6 adults and 3 kids took more than an hour to seat us despite many tables being open that could have been pulled together. Great open space in the front so the kids had plenty of space to run around while we waited. Bar area is really nice, but a canebrake​ pint and a glass of red wine were $16 and change!!!! After all that the food took entirely too long to arrive in my opinion considering this stuff isn't being cooked to order. For a place with smoke in its title I failed to detect any in the brisket or the ribs that we had. The place smelled great inside and I really really was hoping for some good food but unfortunately it just didn't live up to the expectations I had going in. May give it a shot and a few months when they've maybe had a chance to work some of the kinks out.
All that said the staff was as friendly and accommodating as they could be.and the shakes looked awesome (which they really should for $10 a piece). 
Meal prices seemed pretty reasonable, but the sides, desserts and drinks are entirely out of whack.Went to Frey Smoked Meat Co today for the first time.  Took around 45 minutes to an hour to get the appetizers.  When the food came, I ordered the brisket platter.  There were 5 slices on my plate and of the 5 slices, three were 50% fat and 2 were all fat with no meat.  Service was good but the food and wait times were horrible. Not a place where I want to spend my dining dollars.Atmosphere was nice. 
Food was tasty. 
Portions extremely small compared to price. 
$10 shake give me a break. 
Ordered a beer. Didn't come with a glass. 
Side of baked beans was more like soup. 
Waiter seemed overworked but was as attentive as could be. 
Bring prices in line with portions or portions in line with prices and this is easily a 4 star go to place.I ate the most delicious Cuban here.  I had to request for more dressing as for the meat to sauce ratio was lacking.  The handsome Asian Bartender makes the best mixed drinks and offers the best drink and food pairingsThe food was amazing! Best brisket in the city. Service was slow, but good was worth it.Kind of a long wait but they more than made up for it with the food. The mac and cheese is amazing!!! Also don't skip on the milkshakeI have been here twice, the first time was with some girlfriends & the second time I brought a coworker for lunch. The porkbelly poppers are to die for,  just order them! The pepper jack mac n cheese is also a must! The shakes are out of this world & our server, Stephanie, was super easy going & helpful! Love this place!Great new BBQ restaurant. Food was wonderful and reasonably priced. Goes without saying the meats were fabulous -- brisket tender and flavorful and the pulled pork something special. You have to see the "Cookie Monster" dessert to believe it. Didn't get a chance to taste the ribs or the Brussel sprouts  (had to be rolled out as it was). Will be going back right away to rectify this omission!This is my first time here, but I had a nice time.  I had a BBQ plate with brisket and pork belly, it was very good.  I love that each table has several different sauces on the table.  The staff was very attentive, the manager came to check on us several times.  I suggested including pickles and Texas toast with every BBQ plate and the manager seemed open to the idea.  I will definitely come back.Came in late. We felt like we were bothering them. We're told that they were out of most everything until one of the owners showed up. Great BBQ. Great bourbon selection. Customer skills are lackingThe best BBQ I've had in New Orleans to date. 
Wings - you pull off what you bite - a sign of perfectly cooked wings. Great smoke flavor. 
Jalapeño cheddar mac - excellent
Fried chicken - perfect batter and flavor
Pork belly poppers - the best pork belly I've ever tried. 
Inexpensive draft with a fair selection. 
If you have tried blue oak and thought it was ok like I did - treat yourself to real BBQ here.This was our first stop in New Orleans and we just wanted a quick bite. Knowing this is busy season for them, we weren't expecting great service. However, keeping this in mind, we still had horribly slow service. Our server was panicked and even as she was taking our order, she was still flustered. Our food order took 45 minutes and still came out wrong. ( mind you we didn't ask for anything super special ). The food tasted amazing. It just would've been nice to have gotten the beer I ordered or a water refill or even some mayonnaise for the sand which.Best BBQ joint in the city, although I wouldn't really call this place a "joint." This place exceeds your average joint from the variety and quality of food to the detail of the venue itself. It's easy to tell they don't just slap a scoop of mac and cheese on your tray and call it a day. It comes served in its own cast iron skillet, made to order, and it's phenomenal! Along with the other foods I've tried (pulled pork sandwich, biscuits, ribs, shake!) it beats the quality of any other place I've tried. The preparation of this kind of food takes a little longer than the typical order, scoop, serve kind of joint, but I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes for good food. So if you want excellent BBQ with a great atmosphere, this place has my vote!OMG this has to be the WORST meal I have had in over 10 years. There was a party of six of us and to a man NONE of us could find a kind word about their food! My diet coke was the high point of the evening! I had the spicy cabbage that was served stone COLD! My wife had the hamburger and it was totally inedible. I have never seen so much grease and fat in my life! Even the texas toast was horrible. I should have trusted my first instinct and walked out when the wait staff outnumbers the paying customers 2 to 1. And this was 6pm on a Wednesday night! Do your self a favor and run don't walk away from this place! The food is absolutely horrid.I made the mistake of giving my dog some of the leftovers .... last time I saw her she was licking her butt to get the taste out of her mouth!To start I'm not sure how this place got great reviews .
I live a few blocks away and I had moved here from South Carolina so this was exciting for me , 
    This place is literally the worst experience I've ever had in the city upon walking in the manager was on his phone leaned over the hostess stand and continued to be on his phone while talking to us telling us there was a wait. We decided to try and get drinks from the bar and the bartender was one of the rudest people I've ever experienced.
    So we waited for a about ten minutes when we were finally sat we waited  another ten minutes to even get a drink order while waiting we noticed there was no silverware at the table and as we noticed this the hostess was making out with some guy in the doorway in front of customers!
     When we finally got our food the beans were cold the potato salad was very acidic almost sour and there was just no hospitality I will not be returning good luck to these owners with the staff they have.The beans were full of...everything but beans.  More like soup. Small portions. Disappointing.  Atmosphere great.  They were not busy but still took 30 min. They were also out of 2 items at 5:15. Also way too expensive for what you get.Delicious lean barbecue brisket with the best shakes anywhere! The servers are knowledgeable and friendly. I love the indoor/outdoor seating.Came here for dinner to celebrate my Father's retirement & boy was the food delicious! 
First time ever dining here and had heard so many incredible reviews, had to try it out! Glad I did.
I ordered the 2 meat platter (pulled pork & fried chicken) with french fries & a massive piece of texas toast. Others in my party ordered the cuban sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, grilled cabbage, baked beans, etc. 
We had montmartre champagne to have a celebratory toast and the bartender was nice enough to come around and serve everyone and continue to chill the champagne. 
Nice selection of liquor on the bar here. Bartenders are very friendly as well as the management team is great. Our server however was pushy & messed up one order. I deducted one star for the lack of hospitality from the server. 
Overall, wonderful place to dine if you are ever in Mid-City!Went yesterday Sunday for lunch at about 12:30. Service was slow but friendly.  Kitchen was already out of multiple meat items which is not good for a BBQ restaurant that only has 6 or 8 main items on the menu. Had the pulled pork. It was Ok, a little mushy and somewhat lacking the smoky flavor I'd expected. Also the serving size was pretty small. Biscuits were awesome as was the King Cake shake. Brussel sprouts and potato salad were also very good.  
Took us over 2 hours to get served and eat. Restaurant was not full.Amazing original bbq joint. Definitely give it a try if you're a bbq lover. Friendly staff and environment!Food is very good. I love the brisket sandwich which comes with carmelized onions and horseradish sauce. Very tasty. 
They also have delicious brussel sprouts. Highly recommended. 
As this is a new restaurant, they seem to be working out some kinks. Last time I visited, we waited longer than thirty minutes for our food. They were also out of several things on their menu, which was disappointing on a Saturday afternoon. 
I'll definitely be a regular if they improve service and food supply.Had the barbecued pork belly, so tender and melt in your mouth! Sauces are terrible. Needs to have at least one sauce that's somewhat sweet. Brussel sprouts were delicious. Potato salad was okay, nothing to rave about. I had a nectar soda float, so good! Made me feel like a kid again. I didn't think prices were that bad.Delicious brisket! So tender and flavorful. Also tried the baked beans, potato salad, brussel sprouts and cabbage. All were great!I visited Frey for the first time last night with friends, and I liked it so much that I decided to return today with my family for lunch. The brisket is delicious, and this is what I opted for both times (I've had it both in sandwich and platter form).
Last night we enjoyed 3 flights of nice bourbon, each of which came with the delicious Pork Belly Popper appetizer for a very reasonable price. Overall, last night was great.
Today, however, my sisters had different opinions and did not like their pulled pork sandwiches. I tried a bite, and I have to admit that it was not very tasty. 
OVERALL:
Service was great both times, great alcohol selection, inconsistent food (some is good, some not; be sure to order correctly).Best beef rib i've had in Nola. I wish i had taken a pic, the portion size was surprisingly big. My bf order the brisket also really good.  Their original sauce is amazing. Will definitely come back.This place is the cat's pajamas, Daddy-O! I've been a few times since it opened and have tried a few different menu items. Let me start with the ribs: I don't usually order ribs, although if I find a place I like, I will order them at some point. Frey was a competitor at Hogs for the Cause, where I first tried their ribs a few years ago. They ended up winning 1st place in ribs and 2nd overall the following year. I recommend the ribs. Get the ribs! Also amazing, the pulled pork. It comes in a housemade sauce, which is just enough to accentuate the full flavor of the pork. It's like if the pork was wearing one of those masquerade masks that you hold by a stick; you have a pretty good idea of what lies underneath. They're not trying to fool anyone by suffocating it with sauce. It's just right. I also recommend the pulled pork. Get the pulled pork! Another thing, I'm a big fan of wings, which you can get in a few different sauces. While you can't go wrong with traditional buffalo, the more interesting is the Alabama white sauce. It's sweet and mildly tangy. Wash it all down with cold beer!
The menu is the right size, with typical bbq fare as well as burgers, sandwiches (I recommend the Barb-cuban) and these freakishly large milkshakes that are just b-a-n-a-n-a-s! 
The decor is pretty neat. They have lofted areas where they store their different woods for smoking the meats and have some crafty woodsmanship displayed throughout the place. The atmosphere is friendly with great service. Plenty of indoor and some outdoor seating. I'm a fan.Should be called "Way Toked meat co" because it got me high on flavor (and mescaline) 
Loved the way the meats tanged in my gullet when I mixed em with the sauces OH GOD THE SAUCES they made an unholy meatrimony on my plate and later as I mawwed down like a bug on steroids they lubricated my soul into a stew of mesquite smoke and char. I have lived 6 times in the astral plateauWe were looking for something Hot and Hearty and chose Frey because we knew they had Mac & Cheese.  Their Mac & Cheese is good, just a little too salty, but still creamy and tasty.  I had the one with bacon, my girlfriend, had the one with pulled pork.  They were both yummy, but the pulled pork one was better.  She had the brisket chili and LOVED it.  I had the wings....not impressed at all.  They were hard and chewy (in a bad way).  Now, the Brussel sprouts were really good.  I only ordered them because I needed to have something green.  I have NEVER ordered Brussel Sprouts and never thought I would, but I heard there were really good.  No joke, they are really good.
Our server was really sweet, but not incredibly attentive.  However, still, very sweet.
Welllllll, it's loud and cold.  We were seated under a vent that was blowing on us.  We asked to move and were accommodated quickly.First time coming here! I absolutely loved it. The smell of BBQ just filled me up when I walked in and I wanted EVERYTHING on the menu!! I will definitely be returning. The pulled pork and cabbage was so good.. Their shakes are awesome too! You won't be disappointed with Frey Smoked Meat Co.!So far been here twice. Both on weekday nights and not really busy. Sat at the bar both times. Our first visit had better service than our second visit though. If you are a whiskey drinker they have whiskey flights and they also come with a choice of pork belly poppers or some other app. The pork belly popper are so good! For the second visit we got the fried chicken sandwich which had a good kick to it and the pork mac n cheese was pretty good.I've made two visits to Frey, and was happy with both. Eating with family the first time, I was able to try the pulled pork I had ordered, and brisket pilfered off of my Dad's plate. Both were better versions of BBQ I've had elsewhere in the neighborhood. I returned a couple of weeks later for a to-go plate of the beef ribs. They're huge, tender, juicy and with a great salty/smokey bark on outside. Frey is a nice addition to the neighborhood. Just wish there was a Thai place in Mid City now.A solid  BBQ place in Mid-city the pulled pork was good and the baked beans were exceptional!  They also do a selection of burgers that looked outstanding.   Creative cocktail menu and the milkshakes are crazy good.  
The wait staff is very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly 
So while not the first place I'd go solely for BBQ the total package is definitely worth it; we will be backPork belly was great. And love brisket and theirs was awesome. My favorite side is the Brussel sprouts. Didn't like the Mac and cheese at all, it was way too salty. We couldn't even eat it. They have been extremely busy every time we have went so service is ok considering how busy they are.Food is way overpriced!A$10.00 milkshake lmao can you say hipster bs.I can just see a line of manbuns sucking on 10 dollar shakes.To many people love spending their parents disposable income.This place wont last.If you know Noodle, then you know I enjoy trying new places to eat. Well I tried Frey & OMG I'm in love! Where do I start. Well I like the location you know kind of ducked off. Then when I walked in I was greeted a guy who must enjoy his job or he was having a good day. Next my waitress (dang it I forgot her name) I would like to have her again. It was our first time there and we have a 6 year old with us. She took her time with us and pleased us very well with the service. I ordered 3 milkshakes (1 cotton candy & 2 pralines and cream). All 3 were amazing, now don't get me wrong 10 per milkshake is pretty expensive but its worth it! We all ordered something simple, cheeseburgers. The kid got hers with mac-n-cheese on it. I dont remember seeing a kids menu. Just to throw that out there. Lets just say we all left full. I promise we didn't eat no more that day and that was our only meal of the day. Lol! If it wasn't so cool outside due to N.O. silly weather we probably could have sat outside and ate. I will say this, if you haven't been its a must to try it. If you from out of town make your way to Mid City and try it. Yes the streetcar does run along that route. 5 stars from me! Thank you Frey for an amazing experience for my 1st time!Have been here once previously and they were out of the pork belly poppers and pork belly. So today, I called ahead of time to make sure they had them both available, and was told that they were both available. I show up to Frey and they say that they are actually out of pork belly and pork belly poppers. Again. This was at 1pm in the afternoon, which is early in the day to be out of any smoked meats at a place that claims to serve smoked meats. Feeling fairly cheated after having called ahead, making the out of way trip, and then being told they were out of them was quite frustrating, so I complained to the manager and left.I love brisket and good brisket should be melt-in-your-mouth tender.  I am always searching for some in this area - think I have found it!  It is outstanding.  I would give it a five star rating except that the sides are not that great.  The fries are frozen and the beans are "grainy".  I haven't tried any other sides, but plan to do so as that brisket will draw me back.  I wanted the grilled corn, but at 12:30 they did not have it - hmm...  Consequently, I would say it is a mixed review.  Go have the brisket and don't expect too much for the rest of the food, but that brisket is to die for.I've been to Frey 3 times after having some of their products at Hogs for the Cause. Nice location in mid-city. Plenty of parking. The BBQ is good coming from a Texan. Their Cookie Monster dessert is fantastic. Nice bar area with very attentive servers.My daughter in Cali made my mouth water when she sent me the website . Went right over to place a order.  I've never had st Louis style ribs that had so much fat  an grease with minimal meat.Any chef/ cook know a fatty pice of meat an it should not have been sold . Was it because it was to go ? Loved the BBQ sauce. Baked bean were  not  the sweet New Orleans style. While waiting I watched a family eating an there ribs were very meaty. Not mine !!!$28 for 4 pieces of ribs not even half a rack and piece of chicken not even a whole piece of chicken!!! It also can with two small sides and some smudge of corn bread. Save your money definitely not worth the cost.