Where was the southern hospitality? These guys were rude and when we went to order, it was as if we were inconveniencing them. I ordered the New Orleanians- suppose to be topped with crawfish etouffe- I literally got 1 crawfish and watered down roux. Overly priced & poor quality. Definitely don't recommend this place.I got the tofu mushroom Fritai. It was good, but I really would have enjoyed a Salad with my fritai instead of more plantain chips. I felt like my entire meal was a plantain, and I definitely recommend some more green ... and an avocado doesn't really count in my opionion. Other than that- the fritai was great !Ordered Fritai for a medium sized catering event and was so happy with the service and quality of food.  Charly was a pleasure to work with.  Definitely recommend it next time you need a caterer!This is my first time eating Fritai. I wanted something healthy but was hungry. I ordered the salad and it was scrumptious! I will come back to eat more off the menu and the cook was so sweet and kind; very helpful with picking out what to eat. The salad dressing was very flavorful, the greens were beautiful and fresh, and the plantains and pork hit the spot!HOLY SMOKES. I got Eva's salad bowl: mixed greens, avocado, plantains, coco-lime dressing, and tofu. Wowowow this was amazing. The coco-lime dressing was sweet and refreshing. The plantains and tofu came hot and deep fried. You can get it with pork instead of tofu. Either way, you'll eat the entire thing.Amazing and gluten free too! The spicy mango wings with avocado sauce are to die for.  Delicious!!!!! I am a huge international foodie from NYC and I give this place 2 thumbs up.  I'd eat here every day.Heard about this spot through Chopped and it did not disappoint. It's a pop-up counter inside of a market, rather than a restaurant. So if you want to grab a dish from Fritai but head over to the next counter for a drink or coffee, you can.
The food: bliss. The Caribbean flavors shine bright in these dishes and the pickled cabbage (which I was skeptical about) ended up being my favorite part. For reference, I ordered the rice/pork dish with pickled cabbage and fried plantains. Moderately priced too, ~$14 for lunch.Great food and fast service. The Mushroom Tofu Fritai was awesome, plantain chips complimented it well. Will be going back to try other entrees.This place is delicious. I usually get the daily fish--a crispy and tender filet with a super flavorful tomato sauce and fried plaintains. My favorite stand in St Roch market. I hope they open up a full restaurant some day-- Haitian cuisine is so fresh and New Orleans needs more!As my trip to the St Roch Market continues, I am already impressed by the parking, building, ambiance, and, well, just about everything. But you come to a food hall for one thing... food. After one lap around, I had to remind myself which dish I saw on the menu was at which stall. But an omelette filled with smoked sausage, crunch bell pepper and onion, and topped with crawfish etouffee... that is something that sticks with you mind and you stomach for a while.
There was one guy holding down the fort on this Haitian hotspot. That's right, he was cooking, taking orders, giving drinks... everything. I can barely walk and look at my phone. So right out of the gate, I was super impressed. The wait for our food was about 15 minutes. But doing everything for running a food stall and cooking to order, that seemed pretty efficient in my opinion. The omelette was everything I hoped for and more. Beautiful fluffy eggs fills with toppings. I am sure I have said this in other reviews, but gumbo and etouffee recipes a varied all over south Louisiana. And my grandmother's recipes are no different. I have come to appreciate the different tasting gumbos that are different than hers. But I haven't had any I like as much as her etouffee. Its just what I grew up with. So the etouffee on top was not as significant as her thick recipe would have been... but still amazing. All in all, a great experience!Amazing spicy mango whole chicken wings, some of the best we have ever had and one of the best items at St Roch market. The owner, Charlie was so nice. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu items.This is a gem in New Orleans. Great for meat eaters and vegetarians. The pork is amazing and the plantain chips with avocado dip is fantastic as well. You have to try the ginger lemonade - spicy and sweet.Stopped into Fritai on a cold afternoon and ordered the Haitian Stew. The stew was more of a soup as the broth was thin but with a great flavor. It was filled with plantains and other ingredients but very short on meat for the price. The other dishes here look a lot more filling so I will definitely try them again especially for the great Caribbean flavors.The saving grace of this place was that MAC N CHEESE! and the hot sauce delish!!! 
The wings are fire but they are just wings! 
The salad was sooo sooo salty!!! Like it was a citrus and peppery sauce and it was up but then it was just a killer salt attack! Some of my friends said it was fine and some said it was like the damn sea but it was just way too salty for me 
The plantain chips were delish!  Still a little bit too heavy handed with salt! BUT YUM GUAC DIP!Man the sandwiches are real good. The pork is moist in a way that complements the dry crust of the bread. The spicy mango sauce is also very complimentary to the sandwich. I got this for delivery/takeout and it was a good filling dinner option (on the go). It has a nice French influence to the Jamaican-Cuban fusion going onHoly God. Seriously Some of the best food I've ever eaten. I was so stuffed but I kept eating until it was all gone anyway. The mushroom tofu w the mango sauce and fried plantains are beyond the realm of yum. I am only visiting New Orleans but plan on going back again before we leave!!I have been circling around this stall in the St. Roch Market for some time now. After making my rounds with all the other spots I think I've found my favorite place. I asked what the best thing on the menu is and I was told to get the Fritai and I was not disappointed! I keep a paleo diet and this sandwich between green plantains (instead of bread) was a delight. The combination of all the flavors of pork, pickled slaw, avocado and mango sauce makes for such a magical experience. I'm now concerned that I will have specific cravings for this dish and will have to drive myself back because there is no way I can recreate this beauty at home. On top of this delicacy I also ordered the spicy ginger lemonade that is house made, the spice in it is REAL so be warned. So happy I finally tried this place out!Not sure why someone said this location is closed. Just went the other day an had greens with tofu brown rice and red beans! Super delicious. Great for vegans too!Ask not what you can do for your country ask what's for breakfast 
Come join Fritai to a life changing tasteBomb. Dot. Com. One of the best at St. Roch. My friend and I were raving about this spot after a late lunch on Friday and agreed we hope they get a full restaurant one day soon! Fresh, delicious, and affordable. What more could you ask for?Whomever created the idea of putting crawfish etoufee on top of an omelet, should be granted immediate access to the gates of heaven. I've never had something so GODLY in my mouth before. Total foodgasm i had while eating. 
Thank youDelicious food. The baked crab Mac and cheese is amazing, and something that everyone should try. Hot, cheesy, the crab isn't too overpowering. This is the perfect quick lunch or snack to get you through the day.I haven't had Haitian food since I moved away from Port-au-Prince seven years ago. I was super excited about finding a Haitian spot while on vacation. Fritai did not disappoint. The griot was excellent - crispy, salty pork, perfect plantains, tasty rice and beans. The mango limeade and the sweet plantains were equally perfect. 10/10! I only wish there were one in San Francisco.Breakfast is funny sometimes because I feel like I'm likely to order something on a whim even though mentally I might have been thinking something completely different. We came across this place and it caught both of us and so we decided on a crepe and the Haitian plate. We loved both. The flavors were great, the dish had a good enough of food for the price, and it was fun to try something we haven't had before. 
To be fair, as we watched other people eat, there were so many amazing looking dishes from other vendors that I get the impression it's probably hard to go wrong here (at the St. Roch Market).Such a fan of the salad bowl! We came here on our first day in the city for lunch and got the salad bowl to share. Every ingredient in here is just so good! I'm normally not a huge plantain fan but the fried plantains are perfectly crispy, not overly sweet, and go so well with the rest of the salad. It was a little over dressed for my taste but that's pretty easily fixable for a future visit. We got the mushroom tofu as our choice of protein which was absurdly delicious! One of the tastiest salads I've had in a really long time!Good for the those folks who want an idea of Authentic Haitian food. Those of us who are of Haitian decent or are familiar with real Haitian mama food.... may be a bit disappointed.This was a great stop, we tried the crispy pork po boy, mango wings and smothered greens. All were tasty and unique. Service was also quick and friendly.Totally enjoyed the Fritai!! As a Haitian-American I appreciated how close to home the flavor was.SOOOO GOOD. I just left a review about this place on the St Roch Market yelp page. But I'll leave one here too. We got the creole hot wings and fried green plantains. My goodness they were so good. The creole hot wings are not that hot if you are worried about spicy (trust me I don't like super spicy food). The people working the counter were so nice, and even threw it a free hot sauce for us! 
I'm dying to go back for the crab Mac and cheese, I saw someone else order it and oh man it looked sooooo good.  I'm also dying to try a fritai, a sandwich of pork shoulder  between fried plantain it just sounds astounding. I will definitely be back here!!!!!The way greens should be - pork and greens that were there for color and name!  Had the smothered greens and loved it.  If you are there - just ask the guy behind the counter for a recommendation and just go with it.I've had my eye on this restaurant for a while. After spending time in Haiti a few times for mission work, I've fell in love with their culture and more importantly, the people. I was super pumped to learn about a Haitian restaurant here. It was my first time at St. Roch Market and this was the only place I had my mind set on. Although I was just a tiny disappointed that neither of the owners were actually from Haiti, I could evidently see from the menu that the dishes were inspired from it. 
I wanted to try the most authentic item on the menu, so I decided with the Fritai sandwich. I absolutely loved the two fried plantains that the pork shoulder was smashed between. For the most part, the pork had a good flavor with the mango sauce on top. Make sure to grab extra napkins because this sandwich will get messy! 
I love seeing a Haitian inspired vendor in Nola. I'll be back for the plantain chips and creole sauce for sure. Crossing my fingers that they'll add Haitian spaghetti to the menu one day. But overall, this is a neat spot.A few friends and myself made plans to eat here since another one of our friends suggested it. I looked at the menu in advance and decided I would get the crab macaroni and cheese.
I was very disappointed because it lacked flavor. It was penne and not macaroni but there was so little crab they might as well had kept it and I kept my money. There were no lumps or chunks of crab, just some strings here and there. Crab already has a mild flavor so in order to taste it alongside cheese there needs to be lots of it. Not only was I not able to taste the crab, I wasn't even able to taste the cheese. I couldn't even determine what type of cheese it was because all I saw was something cream colored and penne pasta. 
I had to wait a while for my friends to show up and while I waited I sat at the table right in front of this place and I didn't see anyone order the crab macaroni and cheese. I expected that it would be one of the most popular things. I guess everyone else knew but me. 
The place is in St. Roch Market which has a bunch of different places selling food. I will return and try food from another place.Let's just say it's not the easiest to find late night healthy cuisine, unless you visit St Roch Market & luck up on a vendor that hasn't sold out for the night. As I strolled last the restaurants, I stopped by Fritai. Reading the tasty description of a "Fritai" & then to find a vegan/vegetarian option was a win win. I'm a pescatarian & my sister is none of the above lol but loves trying options with me as I'm only a year in on my new clean eating journey. We both enjoyed! The flavors meshed well & what I was most thankful for was that it was not too salty. Often times restaurants think they must make up for the lack of meat/pork with salt & that's not the case when you mesh the right foods together. This was one of those! I loved the crisp texture of the tofu as well as the plantain patties. I'm not sure what the dip consisted of but it was good & tasty as well! I will return!Not really a Haitian restaurant, slim Haitian style dishes , American style taste. 
Friendly staff thoughY'all......
My mom and I had lunch at St. Roch Market and she was in the mood for plantains.  We saw that Fritai offered them fried, served with a side of avocado sauce.  My mom could see the fresh plantains behind the counter, and their skins were almost completely black - score! We placed our order and found a table. The wait was about 15 minutes, and the payoff was quite a prize.  These were some good fried plantains! They were steaming hot, syrupy sweet, and perfectly fried.  The avocado sauce was just "meh",  but who cares!  
I'm definitely going to come back to Fritai on my next visit to the market.That was not Haitian food food was not authentic at all . Rice was super nasty and the legume was spinach with crab meet in it, the griot had no season smh ‍ y'all need help with making Epis? I definitely can help you guys out.Spicy iced chocolate milk is rich and delicious with habañero. Griot crispy pork was also very tasty. Staff was friendly and welcoming.Came here for early dinner on a weekday- the stall was not staffed and had no sign on when they would return. After about 20 minutes the owner came back- ordered the crab Mac and cheese and let's say we didn't eat more than a few bites.  The pasta was penne and could not taste any crab in it at all.  It was baked in a large sheet and a square was cut out- even the cheese lacked taste.  Was very disappointed in this comfort food item that offered no comfort.Haitian was an entirely new cuisine to me, but my experiences at St. Roch Market had been entirely positive and I figured it was worth branching out from the Egyptian that I love so much. I'm glad I did, because Fritai was a culinary experience to remember. I asked the woman working there for a Haitian first-time recommendation, and whatever she recommended to me (I sadly don't remember exactly what) was absolutely delicious. The food was clearly prepared with love and heart, which makes it a five star experience in my book.I do see room for improvement! Special mention, they need to use a bit more seasoning. But it was still good! Still wish they had some pickled mangoes.
Also this is on st. Roch and st. Claude in the St. Roch Market! It was incredibly noisy and overcrowded! I don't know how you can sit down comfortably and enjoy your meal. But it was still good food nonetheless.I recently relocated back home to NOLA after living in Miami for almost 3 years. I was on the hunt for Haitian food when I moved back. Surprised me I couldn't find an abundance of options considering the history. Anyways, it usually get the Griot or the mac and cheese and I am a fan of them both, especially the sauce with the Griot.My friends and I spent a good 10 minutes circling all of Roch Market to craft my perfect lunch menu and landed on Fritai after hearing the original cooks won the infamous Food Network show, Chopped.
I landed on ordering the Fritai (pork shoulder with a mango salsa sandwiched between fried plantains) while my friend got the Baked Mac 'n Cheese. I would compare the mac n cheese more to rigatoni with melted cheese plopped on. The highlight was truly the mango salsa on the Fritai--sweet, tangy, with a little spice. 
I truly wanted to love both, but my pork was a little dry and the mac n cheese seemed to be under seasoned. Nothing a good portion of Crystal Hot Sauce couldn't remedy, but I was slightly let down.Food was fire. The Griot was fire, the Spicy mango wings was fire. And I've been to Haiti 4 times this was legit. My roommate is Jamaican and even he said it tastes like his auntie's cookin.Ordered from door dash? Was expecting a salad, wasn't expecting a new dining experience I won't soon forget. The Eva's salad bowl is to DIE for. The pork was delicious, the two dressings were amazing, the food was hot they didn't miss a beat! The leaf mix they used was fresh and awesome, and I know it sounds nuts but the even the avocado was great. Would recommend to anyone, and have. They have now gained a loyal customer!! Don't hesitate to try this place, you won't be disappointed :)This is myy first food in New Orleans. One word BOMB. It was so delicious, the legumes was fresh and the pork was so  tender. I love the red rice too. You can't tell it was red rice. It tastes just like white rice. I would recommend you to try other food in St. Roch Market, so just order this for sharingWe ordered from Fritai, Elysian Seafood, and Torshi! Fritai for the win over everyone else at the St. rich Market. We ordered the Crab Macaroni and Cheese - So good that we didn't get a picture of the dish and we overate because didn't want a single drop to go to waste!!! Very tasty and the service was also impeccable as well.Needed a refreshing ade of some sort...Yelp reviews recommend Fritai, inside the St Roch market. Good choice! Got the mango limeade and spicy ginger lemonade....may mix them together later to be transported into a new dimension.Incredibly good!
I stopped in here for a quick dinner after a photo shoot a few weeks ago, and I was excited to try this spot, as I had heard raves about how good it is. Lucky me there was no line or crowd, so I ordered the sweet plantains and the smothered Haitian greens.
The plantains were plentiful, cooked perfectly and delicious! They were so good that I almost got another order to take home to snack on later. The Haitian greens bowl was wonderful. It was tender greens served with red rice and pork shoulder. It all melded together perfectly and it was so good! For $9 it was a tasty and affordable dinner.
The woman working (the owner?) couldn't have been nicer and got my food to me fast. I would eat here again!It's really the sort of thing you go to these dining hall places for. A small niche place that suddenly makes you wonder why New Orleans doesn't have a Haitian restaurant given their intertwined colonial history and Francophone culture. And on top of that, they decided to make everything vegetarian and vegan-friendly, which makes them my friend.
I'm not sure that Haitians eat a ton of tofu, but the little slices of fried tofu with mushrooms inside made for a great filling for my sandwich. Their sandwiches are not bread but are fried plantains, and plantain chips with avocado dip make for a nice-if repetitive-side. I was happy to discover that if one doesn't want a meal that's quite so fried, they offer a salad and cooked greens as well which you can get with tofu and plantains. The flavors came through distinctively, a mix of sour pickles and hot peppers that evokes a tropical cuisine.
They do have a separate breakfast menu as well. If Fritai ever expands into being a standalone restaurant, I'll try it. Might be back at St. Roch too.This food hall booth offers a sort of Haitian-inspired cuisine that I doubt you can get in Port Au Prince, but which nonetheless is distinctive and fantastic (and vegetarian-friendly). Their signature item, a sandwich between large fried plantain slices, is available with mushroom tofu, which I suspect is from the same local co-op I get my mushroom tofu from. It's dressed with a spicy pickled relish and evinces a combination of citrusy, sweet, salty, and other contrasting flavors that excite the tastebuds. And it comes with fried plantain chips.
But let's say you want something less fried. Their salad bowl and their stewed greens are also excellent, and you still can get that mushroom tofu and (optionally) a fried plantain on top. They have occasional specials, and you can get a citrus-flavored hot sauce to go. And frankly, there's nothing else like Fritai. It's one of the few things in New Orleans that I deem genuinely craveable, and I hope that it one day becomes a standalone restaurant. If it does, I will be there.Baked Crab Mac and Cheese. Creole Hot Wings. Both were fantastic.  Add in the a+ service.Disclaimer: my experience with Haitian food is very limited. 
After reading some praise about Fritai online and perusing the menu, I was excited to try their Haitian food during my first trip to St. Roche. However, I was really unimpressed with the food at Fritai. 
I ordered the Griot pork platter which came with plantains, a crunchy slaw, plantains, red beans and rice, and a creole sauce. The plaintains were very very dry and hard. They had no flavor and had the texture of cardboard. I had to ask for more sauce to get through the meal. The pork was seasoned well but also very dry. I've only had Haitian food one other time so I'm not sure if it's normally this dry. It seems like according to the reviews, the Fritai sandwich (obviously) is probably the way to go.So much salt in the griot  we had to throw it away and the rice was very sticky plantains was so greasy I had to blot it with my napkins . Griot is was not crispy. I'm Haitian and did not enjoy this at all.I only tried the Breakfast Plate. Definitely different flavors than the usual and the eggs, avocado and relish were excellent. But the fried plantain had the texture of jerky - it had been overcooked long ago - and the fried pork was also quite dry. Great concept and friendly staff but the execution needs work.My husband is Haitian so we had to try this place while visiting New Orleans. We had the griot plate and the fruit po boy. Everything was so good. We thought about taking a pivot to go since it was that good.I originally left my review on the St. Roch market food page. But I am going to leave it here as well because the food was so good!I went for drinks ended up with an plantain recommendation from the bartender that was the bomb. A waitress pass by with a dish that was very appealing to me. She said it was a pork dish. I ordered it and browse to see the art and the decor, the owner Charlie informed me that the pork sold out. He recommended the Snapper at the same price and it was delicious. I really enjoyed my time there the bartenders was exceptional the wait staff was friendly and efficient and the owner very personable and I will be back soon.I tried this place for the first time last Sunday. It was pretty good.
I got the Sweet n' Toasty Crepe, which actually is plated as 2 small Crepes. It was tasty. It had Eggs, Bell Peppers, Onion, Turkey Maple Sausage, Cheddar Cheese and served with Maple Syrup.
It was just right and I would get it again.This was my first time trying Haitian food and I LOVED it. I'm just visiting New Orleans but already thinking of a way to get back here before the visit is over.  Everything is made from scratch and each dish is seasoned perfectly.  I highly recommend the griot (crispy fried pork). 
PROS: Griot (crispy fried pork)
            Chilled watermelon & roasted pepper soup 
            topped with crawfish
            Large crispy plantainsFinally got around to visiting St. Roch Market after always seeing beautiful pictures of the market on social media! The market itself is your typical hipster, gentrified food hall. There was ample seating on a Friday around 11 am. Fritai looked the most appealing to me after checking out the rest of the food vendors. Unfortunately, my expectations fell short, but to give them credit, I think it was my fault for not ordering their more popular menu items. 
Everything on the menu sounded delicious, but I ultimately opted for a bowl of yakamein ($11 including tax), choosing beef as my protein. I should've known to order one of their signature dishes from their glossy wall menu instead of yakamein, which was advertised on a crudely printed piece of paper and taped on as an addendum. Poor judgment on my part! The yakamein wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either. It had ground beef, green onions, and a boiled egg. The gluten-free noodles tasted gluten-free indeed. It was just... very meh. A bit on the salty side as well. My friend also ordered their crab mac and cheese and was disappointed how excessively salty it was. These two items are definitely overpriced. 
I would be willing to come back and give this place another try, but considering the unfriendly service I encountered, it probably won't be anytime soon.The food, the staff, and chef were great! I will definitely be back! I had the crab Mac and cheese with griot.I think I have a new favorite place in Nola. Seriously. Everything about Fritai was wonderful. The interior was beautiful, which I wasn't expecting from the exterior; the staff was friendly helpful and wonderful; And the food, flawless. Literally.  Between the four of us, we had two appetizers and four entrées, and every single aspect of every single one was perfect from first bite to last. I don't recall the name but I think my favorite was a noodle dish with smoked herring, but it was all Superb. And the portions... I think we all left extremely fat and happy! Cannot wait to go back!Plantain lovers unite! Everything is made out of plantains and all of the sides are plantains! So many kinds of plantains. Sweet, savory, crunchy, soft...plantains. There's some other things too like wings, beef and salad. Oh and yummy mango and avocado sauces. It is located in St. Roch Market.Absolutely delicious. Started out by ordering the first cocktail on the list and I did not regret it. It was fruity and packed a good punch. We ordered the fried plantains and were very impressed, the coconut lime dust is a unique and delicious twist. I ordered the pomegranate wings as my main, as a wing lover I was very impressed. Service was super friendly. Will definitely be back to try all the other items on their menu!Great food, drinks, and service.  Also loved the small and intimate atmosphere.  Would recommend to anyone going to nola that wants some good food.  My drink was the spicy island breeze and was probably one of the best drinks I have had.  I got the legume and that was very savory and well seasoned.  The steak and greens were on point.Everything was fantastic. The portion sizes were huge and the drinks were delicious and imaginative. The owner/chef was circulating and interacting with guests, he was delightful. I'll definitely be back.Fritai is located inside of St. Roch market and sells Haitian food. They accept Apple Pay, which i have mixed feeling about because I try to leave my card at home so I don't eat out as much--Apple Pay is my downfall. 
I ordered the smothered greens with mushroom tofu. I will start by saying that I'm not a big fan of tofu, but the mushroom tofu is really good! It's sliced thin long, and it's not the usual short blocks of chewy sponges. The greens are very good! Well seasoned and perfect with the rice and beans. You get a pretty large bowl, and it's very filling. Fritai makes eating vegan or vegetarian dishes easy peasy!
I will say...the young lady with locs who took my order clearly didn't want to be there. I may think twice about going here again, because customer service is an important part of the dining experience.Recently, me and my man, (Haitian)went here. I was very excited to not have to travel only to the West Bank for good Haitian cuisine.  However, Fritai was very disappointing.  
He ordered the Legume. Only to Inform me upon arrival it was not a authentic and it had been made with nothing more than can ingredients. Legume is made with cabbage, and a variety of other vegetables not can spinach. The dessert was even more disappointing.  Can yams. I guess it is back to the West Bank!Griot
Order it
Learn what it is 
Eat it
Go home
Come back repeat!
I love it. Even if you are not familiar with Haitian food you will love Friati. The owner is nice he was on tv before too! 
But most importantly Griot!Food here was delicious! We ordered the whole fish and the creole chicken and absolutely loved everything! Customer service was great as well. Very attentive and friendly staff. Highly recommend giving this black owned business a visit if you're looking for quality Haitian food!Delicious food! Perfectly spiced, had a great cocktail too! Will definitely return.We were looking for something close to our air bnb and happened into Fritai and are so glad we did! Incredible food and drinks and very friendly staff. Don't miss this opportunity to enjoy delicious Haitian food. I'd say the best thing we ordered were the lightly fried plantains that came with my husbands pork dish (he'd say the pork was the best--or the soursop drink he ordered).My food tour to New Orleans was a unique, fulfilling experience -- one that lead me to some of the best kept secrets the city has to offer. Fritai is easily one of those diamonds in the rough. 
One of my closest friends happens to be Haitian-American and she found this place while we were compiling the list of restaurants we planned to visit. 
Upon arrival, we were greeted by the friendliest host and immediately shown to our table. Our waitress came shortly after, and was extremely attentive (and funny) our entire time there. 
We started the meal off with two appetizers--the akra and the passionfruit bbq wings. The akra was paired with pikliz dip (sweet & spicy) that made an already great dish even better. But the star of the show, for me, was the passionfruit bbq wings. Some of the most flavorful wings I've had. The sweetness from the passionfruit didn't take away from the tanginess of the bbq sauce. The wings were also nice and juicy. 
My main was the Legim Du Epina--which is Haitian-style greens with a skirt steak, fried green plantains, and white rice. This main was enough food for 2 meals. The greens were very tender and the steak was cook exactly how I like it! 
My next trip to New Orleans will include a stop here for sure!It wasn't at the market location. They moved. I wish they'd updated that information in Yelp. I walked 30 minutes to get there too. I'll definitely give them a try the next time I'm back in New Orleans.Listen. Espeghetti. Griot. Clarinha. Bar. Kitchen. 
#Baked #CrabMac #Clarinha #Griot #CrispyPorkhad dinner Fritai a few weekends ago and met Charley the owner. Love this location and the restaurant is soulful. Wings : Spicy Mango the BEST!Can't go wrong with any here. I ordered a few and loved them all. Can't remember the names. The set-ups are a twist on a New Orleans staple the set up and you can get a Ti Punch set up or a rum & champagne cola set up.Crab Mac & Cheese which has classic macaroni au gratin with blue crab, cheddar & parmesanI got reservations at Fritai with a few friends on the last night of our latest trip to New Orleans. We'd all tried some of their food on past trips when they had a spot in St. Roch's Market, and really enjoyed it, so we wanted to support the new brick and mortar spot. It was even better than we expected!
They got a shout out recently in NOLA Eater for their cocktails, so we got a round of drinks to start. Clairin isn't a liquor we know, and soursop wasn't a fruit we'd had before, so naturally that's the direction we took -- amazing flavors!
We had our drinks with some wings and akra (both great - definitely recommend the akra) and ordered griyo, legime, and creole chicken as entrees. Everything was incredibly delicious, and we ended the night with a shared passionfruit and chocolate mousse and (sipped) shots of Barbancourt Pango Rum at the recommendation of the staff. It was a perfect way to end our trip!
Everyone was super friendly and the atmosphere is nice and laid-back with kompa on the stereo and tasty food flying by. I can't wait to go back!The food was absolutely delicious. I brought my mother who usually thinks her Haitian cooking is the best cooking there is but she LOVED this place. The staff was very kind and interactive in our creole language. I enjoyed the Griyo and my mother got the Legim which came with a lot of food.After visiting a couple of times, I have a few critiques and recommendations: (1) the flavors aren't robust enough, and quite inconsistent, and the restaurant could use a different chef or maybe recipes to follow for reliability; (2) the actual restaurant has an environment that could be a bit more vibrant and inviting -- everything from the scents and the greetings to how clean it is; and (3) service could be tighter and less awkward. The FOH folks come across as first timers, and leadership was on his cellphone versus in the kitchen or making sure the place is being run smoothly. I want to love this place, but frankly, during our latest visit, the mac and cheese was freezing cold in the center; the whole fish was undercooked; and the steak was too tough to chew.good vibes in the new location!
i've been a couple of times to the new spot and while the food is just as good, it's nice to be able to enjoy the food not in the middle of a food hall.
i think the first thing you'll notice is the great service - attentive and friendly and you definitely feel like they want you to be there. i've also come by just to dine on my own and you can grab a seat by the bar or in the side "lounge" area. with that said though, if you're in a bigger group you should definitely make a reservation.
the menu has items from the old spot and some new things (espageti is fun!). i'd say of the recent tries the wings were a slight surprise, go ahead and order some of those. they also have a cool drink menu, with some spirits that you may not find in other places.
haven't yet had a chance to try desserts, but just means i'll have to be back soon!