Good burger, reasonable price! Not crowded so service was within expected time for cooked-to-order food. Would go back!OK people. This is serious!! Forget about all the other bad reviews you can read on Fuddruckers in the Harrah's on Canal in NOLA, but as I write this my 10 year old son has a fever of 102 and food poisoning complements of the incompetent "cooks" there. Was staying at the Westin and went over to get my son a burger as he loves them and Fuddruckers (years ago in Austin Tx anyway) used to be good. If you want a decent tasting meal and want to stay healthy stay away from this place!!! I can cook a burger that is actually done, I don't know why this place can't. Burgers that don't make you deathly sick are fundamental to a place that thinks they are a burger joint!!! Basic food prep rules violated in this place.This is a small version of Fuddrucker's, located inside Harrah's casino. Tables are available (located very close to slot machines, if that bothers you.) They have self-serve condiments although fewer choices than in their full-size restaurants.
I've visited three times. The burgers and fries are always good.
The employees are more robotic than friendly, although they do tell you that you can come back for drink refills while you're waiting for your food. Food delivery time is a bit on the slow side.I thoroughly enjoyed a Swiss Turkey Burger and fries. The service was a lil slow but that burger was well worth the wait. I made the mistake of not ordering a drink...please don't follow in my footsteps. The bread is super thick yet tasty. I usually don't like cheese on burger but I think the cheese added extra flavor. Superb!!!Two words "tasteless trash" .  I ordered a Turkey burger with Swiss mushrooms & grilled onions. It was the worst burger I've ever had. It was late & nothing else in the are was open. I'll just grab a bag of chips from somewhere next time.It was a little late (11pm) and the late night munchies were hitting hard. The chili-cheese fries & an oreo shake was a home run for this guy. Now I'm ready for my second wind. Not great but good and quick. Save the  cabfare to Port of Call, and have a burger here instead....My bacon and cheddar burger was amazing! The plate presentation was great. I however do not like how the lettuce, pickles, and onions are exposed on a bar for all to touch.  The wait for food was reasonable based on the line, and I ordered after buffet closed.I used to live in VA where the Fuddrucker's had great service, nice sit down restaurant and a GREAT place to have group outings. Although, the food was good, I don't quite like the location. I HATE having to go to Harrah's to eat. It's gross. One, the atmosphere is funky .. Two, I don't want a side of cigarettes with my meal. It's filthy! This place would've gotten 4 stars, but I didn't like how long they took to get 2 burgers ready with rarely anyone in line, and the location outrages me.enjoyed burger with fixin bar after night of partying on Frenchmen st. long wait for food is only drawback....30 minutes!!!Actually not terrible for fast food in the middle of a casino.
We were in Harrah's enjoying the sights and the smoke free air, when we decided that we could definitely eat. Where else but Fudrucker's, open 24/7? I got a bacon cheeseburger and onion rings and maybe I was just hungry, but I found it to be really good for fast food! The service was super fast (and yes, there was a line!) 
If I was hungry at the casino, I would definitely swoop into this place again. At least it's not a buffet!The worst Fuddruckers I've ever been to. The woman taking my order was literally on her Facebook the entire time I was trying to give her my order. She said "huh" 3 times to the same damn order because she wouldn't pay attention. She was literally looking at her phone in front of my face while taking my order. So I order and then i go to where they have their condiments including pickles, onions and lettuce on a side bar. They were out of red onion on the bar so I ask the lady that was restocking the bar if she could bring more out, and she dead ass looked me in my face and said OH. THATS JUST HERE FOR DECORATION. She wasn't joking. She was so lazy that she couldnt restock one of 4 things on that bar. She never brought more. Instead she went behind the counter and repeated what she said to me to her Co worker and they were laughing about it when I walked up. Your job is literally to restock the condiments...but apparently that's too much. I have never dealt with a staff more ignorant or incompetent than this one. Not to mention my food took almost 30 mins. And that's for a burger and fries for one person. The attitude and carelessness of the staff is an embarrassment to the company.Compared to a full service Fuddruckers, this place is awful. Normally the bun is my favorite part at Fuddruckers, but this one was like a piece of white bread wrapping a mediocre, at best, piece of beef.  Would NOT go back.Ate there twice while in New Orleans. The best quality food we had, most reasonably priced, fastest and friendliest service in all of New Orleans. Shocking and unexpected in the middle of the casino, and even in the middle of the night!The food is good BUT and there is a big BUT !!! It takes forever to get your food ! They are always understaffed !!! I see 2 cooks at the most !! On a busy weekend com'on ??? I was there for 4 th of July they only had 2 cooks working !! The line was to canal st doors !?! At one time I thought it was the management but now I'm thinking its just the chain ! Avoid this place if you don't have an hour to wait on your food, and not because they make it fresh to order ( which I love about them) but 2 cooks can't handle hundreds of orders !! Duh ??!? It's a shame a good name it's going to crap and in New Orleans of all places !I enjoyed Fuddruckers at the end of my night after a few drinks! The chicken tenders were delicious and the honey mustard was worth five stars alone! The downfall is that the wait was long.I work around the area and have tried a number of different burgers in the CBD. This place, for a chain and being inside of Harahas Casino, has a great 1/2 pound burger for the price. It may take a bit longer with a crowd but that has never happened during lunch time when I go.Only cause I cannot give it no stars!
I was ordered 1/3 lb cheeseburger with fries and a coke.  She took my order while the two female cooks in the back were loudly cursing about a man and texting. They were so busy in their conversation they completely forgot they were actually supposed to be working. I placed my order at 5:18pm and 5:36pm, I asked for my money back. The cashier went to ask about my burger and their response was they didn't see the order. I was refunded my money without an apology. Beyond horrible! Fuddrucker's should be embarrassed and appalled to be represented by people like that!I went to Harrah's for the Wheel of Fortune tryouts this past Sunday. Having never been there, despite living a ferry-ride away in Algiers Point for about 6 months, it was an interesting experience. By the time the tryouts were over, I was starving. After wandering around the casino for a while, and deciding to save Besh Steakhouse for another day, I figured I would grab a burger at Fuddrucker's before making the trip back to the Westbank.
Not bad. I do appreciate that the toppings are self-serve, since I'm picky. I'm usually the one who orders no mayo, no nasty processed fake cheese (aka American), no pickles, extra tomato. Every fast food restaurant always gets it wrong, anyway. The choice of cheese was also much appreciated. It did take quite a while for them to cook the burger, but it was good. Nothing overly memorable, really, but good. I kind of wanted to try the fries or onion rings too, but figured a 1/3lb burger was probably sufficient for one day. I'd go back, if visiting the casino and hungry and running short on time.Inedible! My burger was RAW in the middle. They don't clean their food prep area and the girl was too busy flirting with her Bae to notice.Staff seem less than enthusiastic to be working..... it may be for a good reason but it's not the customers fault. The burger, the reason I went to this Resrurant, was horrible. The meat was tasteless and I'm sure frozen way to long. Won't go back to that location. It was overpriced anyway because it was inside Harris Casino.After one too many Jack and Diet Cokes, my tummy was craving some greasy food. I had tried getting fries at Fuddruckers at 6:05 AM, and sadly they were closed. So the next day, I made sure to get me my fries with nacho cheese sauce. Ordered a large, and damn, they give you a ton! I forgot they were wedge cut fries, but in my drunken stupor, I didn't care. Especially dousing them in cheese sauce (my weakness!). Ended up ordering a bacon cheeseburger, which was good too. I liked how they toasted the bun, especially with butter. Your soda also gets you free refills until 6 AM! We enjoyed our late night dinner here, and since I was drunk, I enjoyed it way more than the past times I've had it!Good burgers made to your liking. I don't like to eat rare/ half done meat, It has to be well  cooked all the way thru so I having to wait that's not a problem. I read reviews where people complain about the wait time. The line wasn't to long lucky for me, If you have a problem with waiting don't go.On our first night in New Orleans, we ate here because we were inside Harrah's and were hungry.
  We were disappointed with the service. The woman who took our order made a mistake on our order. Instead of repudiating the problem immediately, we were made to wait on line and reorder.
  The triple cheeseburger meal which came with desert was good.
  There are a lot of restaurants in New Orleans. I would recommend this restaurant if you are in the vicinity of Harrah's (located in Harrah's at the Canal Street entrance) and you want something quick-unless they mess up your order or you are a fan of Fuddruckers.So, this was not exactly the best Fuddrucker's I have ever been to location wise, but the food was consistent and tasted good as is typical of other Fuddrucker's restaurants I have been to in other parts of the country.  Being from out of town, and waiting for my wife to finish with her conference, I chose this place simply because it was a "Fuddrucker's," and nearby.  The problem with this one is, even though it was in a casino, it was just a walk up, order and sit on tables around the casino (similar to a fast food restaurant).  This is not a full restaurant with servers and a typical Fuddrucker's restaurant.  The food was still good, however, it was served in a plastic basket, and I sat in a dirty table, with stained chairs, in the casino area, which did not really allow me to enjoy my meal as much as I had hoped I would.  The cashier/over-the-counter server, was on her cell phone when I approached the counter, and did not seem quite focused on me, the customer.  She was constantly looking past me and into the casino area, not that that is a bad thing, but it does make me feel as though I am bothering her at her place of work.  When my food was done, she just placed it on the counter and walked away, so, if I wasn't paying attention, then it may have sat there for a while until I noticed.  Granted, there were no other customers around or at the counter, so maybe she didn't feel the need to call out the order.  Needless to say, the next time we are in New Orleans, I will not be stopping by this place.  I would add that the Fuddrucker's where I live is very nice, has great service, a clean eating area and serves great tasting food.This place's service is GOD AWFUL. It may be inside, but it's still fast food.. So why did it take me and my bf A WHOLE HOUR to get ONE burger and fries!?!?! Please... Riddle me that! Words cannot describe how awful the service here is. I knew we should have gotten Mc Allisters...I was not impressed I ordered a chili dog and fries and I was eating it I thought I could've made this at home and tasted better.Disgusting!!! From the food prep, to the food itself, to the establishment - absolutely gross!  I'm not sure if the casino is the overall problem (this restaurant is located in the small food court at Harrah's) or the franchise location brings the brand a bad image, but this Fuddrucker's is a shame.  The dining tables were not looked after, trash & food residue everywhere.  The burger I ordered was a greasy, foul tasting patty that turned the bun into a wet sponge. After tossing it in the trash, I was even more repulsed noticing that the cooks were not wearing hairnets or gloves and preparing/assembling the food with their bare hands! I think a health inspector needs to pay a visit...The food is good but the service is the absolute worst. The employees are rude and the manager is the most ignorant man I've ever met. Yelling at me because he made a mistake? The cashier told me it was because he had a bad day. Sorry, not acceptable.left that stupid fried chicken festival and came here and had a burger, the largest order I have ever seen for a small / of onion rings, and a drank.
fast, and friendly.  tasty and satisfied.   couldn't finish it all.    I was pleased to sit in the cool air, and enjoy a meal before heading home.    y'all were kind to help a handicapped man who lost his food while trying to navigate the  fixin's bar.   you even gave him a new order and helped him.
thanks, and next time I am in harrahs and hungry, I'll be back.
screw that fried chicken fest.   good lord.I've been on a chicken sandwich craze for  while now and have to admit that my expectations weren't high for this place but it was late and we were at the casino so, why not? Well I'm glad I did cus i ordered One of the best crispy chicken sandwiches I've had in a while! The chicken was cooked perfectly it was hot, fresh, and juicy. So good that I immediately ordered another one and thinking of going there again today! (Yup, I said it wanna fight about it?) 5 stars cus hey, it's "fast-food" and I only care about the food (Well the chicken Sandwich in this case) not the service.Wrestlemania weekend, 60,000 people in town. Wrestling fans are their target demographic. Sunday night they are out of almost everything. How can your managers be so incompetent to not order accordingly? If it were my business management would be fired.We're staying in a hotel near Hararahs Casino.
We were looking for a good , inexpensive sandwich.
The Hamburger we ordered from Fuddruckers hit the spot. They come in a 1/3 lb or 1/2 lb size. I ordered the 1/2 lb . It tasted great , on a toasted bun ... it was great. And at $6 , a great value !This location should tell you before you waste your time and $30 to park at the stupid Casino's parking lot that they don't allow kids to eat at this location because it is inside Harrah's casino. I live in Las Vegas and I go eat at plenty of the casinos with my kids and have never been told they cannot go eat somewhere inside simply because it is a casino. They're told to stay off the casino floors. That is all.Small location inside of Harrah's. Food is cooked to order and it can get busy, even at 2am. Not very customer friendly. An options for when you don't mind waiting, nothing else is open and you don't care if the cashier is little miss sunshine.Best shakes ever! I haven't had their food but their shakes (Oreo is my favorite) are awesome! They only carry one size ($6) which I think is enough for 2 people. Location is inside Harrah's casino.Waited 23 minutes and counting for fast food. Looking at my receipt now to confirm how long it's been. Outrageous.Ordered a medium rare hamburger watch the hamburger being cooked. I added some additional toppings and started to bite into a raw piece of meat.  I returned it to the cashier and the cook argued with me saying it was cook. I requested my money back   Very disappointed and would not recommend that fuddruckersFries delicious, burger feels fresh, great spot to get late nigh snack. Definitely not for vegan or vegetarians, since it is in casino, it is not good for families.December 7, 2019 - We always end up at this restaurant for a late night snack when we visit New Orleans (at least once a month). Sheila ALWAYS greets us with a smile and is extremely friendly no matter how late it is. I hope you acknowledge her as an extremely valuable employee! She's the only reason we keep coming back.The staff is rude and can't even crack a smile if you tried. They obviously do not want to be there. They were out of almost everything in the condiment bar and when my wife told them they were out of tomatoes, the employee rudely says they have tomatoes! She never came out to refill them. They automatically make their burgers medium well so if you want it another way you need to specifically tell them. The order person stops and helps another person in the middle of taking my order. I thought I made her angry with my complicated hamburger and fry order. Skip this place and find one that's a stand-alone restaurant. They're usually awesome!Really wanted to go gamble and get greasy food to absorb the liquor. I have never tried Fuddruckers and was kindly directed by security as to its whereabouts. Luckily, the line wasn't too long and my wait time was short. I was a little disappointed that they ran out of beef nachos but thrilled that they at least had chili dogs and onion rings available. The food came out fresh and hot! My chili dog was seasoned perfectly. The onions rings were almost the size of my head! I also tried my boyfriend's cheeseburger and loaded fries. The meat on the burger didn't have much taste but with some added ketchup it was edible. The fries he had were wedges topped with cheese, bacon bits, and chives. I think it also was supposed to have sour cream but there was none in sight. Everything was still really good!!If there was a rating for 0 stars, I would give it. I called and placed an order for an extra crispy catfish burger with extra Mayo, onion rings, and a drink (keep this in mind). I placed this order at 1:30pm over the phone and the girl asked what time I wanted to pick it up by. I told her 3pm; I didn't have any extra time to wait as I was on a time crunch, which is why I placed the order 1.5 hour early. She said ok. I asked for my total, she gave it to me. I said ok, thank you. We both got off the phone. 
Fast forward to 3pm, I got there at 3:04pm & my order wasn't even ready. They never even STARTED on my order. I asked why & was told because they "didn't know if I was really coming." Wtf???? What kind of business accepts To-Go orders, and then when you arrive to pick up your food, tell you they didn't know if you were "really" coming???! 
I ended up leaving after they told me this and was extremely disappointed. I had no time to wait for something I ordered 1.5 hours ago. I spoke to the manager when I got to my car and she had absolutely no sense of hospitality! She tells me the cashier said it "sounded" like I wasn't going to show up, so they didn't bother to make my food... What??!! What does that sound like? I asked her to make it their policy that for To-Go orders they let customers know that their food isn't gonna get started on until they get there. That would've been fine with me, had I known! I would've eaten somewhere else! I mentioned the extra crispy catfish because who tf orders an EXTRA crispy catfish burger with EXTRA Mayo and DONT pick it up?! Like come on, do better! And management needs to do better as well. Horrible experience.Friendly on register but inattentive.  I asked for "no seasoning" on fries or chiclen sandwich - easy, right?  WRONG.  chicken was covered in seasoning.  I didnt dare send it back, no telling what would happen.  Also ordered a ceasar chicken salad - waste of money.My wife and I had Fuddruckers' burgers, onion rings, and root beer, today, for the second time in a year, and were again surprised that this location had only received 2.5 star reviews. Our orders were promptly and pleasantly processed, with clarifying questions being asked, drinks quickly provided, and the cook went to work. 
This is not pre-cooked "fast" food--they take their time and do it right: my wife's burger was precisely prepared to medium, mine to well done; they both held just the right amount of fat, juicy and delicious; the buns were perfectly toasted; the onion rings were crispy and not a bit greasy; and the root beers were cold and creamy. Our lunch was priced right, too, and everyone, from the cook to the manager, was welcoming and friendly.   
In the three years that we have lived in New Orleans, we have eaten in 93 restaurants, including everything from top-of-the-line culinary temples to questionable neighborhood cafes. It is our considered opinion that this Fuddruckers tends toward the former rather than the latter, and we shall return the next time we crave hamburger perfection.Good food, but was a bit upset they don't have elk burgers here. Getting in was a pain to having to enter through the casino in order to get to it. But the staff is super friendly and the food was hot and delicious.You are drunk in the casino and all of the sudden, you feel your stomach rumble and you know your friends are going to try to make you drink more. You suddenly think of a juicy and tasty burger at Fuddrucker's and make your way to it. This place usually has a line, everybody wants some burgers, fried foods, and fries! 
Recently, I visited again and I ordered the 1/2 lb Southwest Burger and added shredded lettuce and jalapenos with a side of fries. It sounded delicious. Waited a while, but that is to be expected of this place. I know I did not expect great burgers from this place but the burger I had was just okay. There were barely any flavor from it and I had to keep adding a lot of ketchup for each bite, even though I am not a ketchup fanatic. The fries were slightly seasoned though, so that helped me finish my burger. 
All in all, it is just a fast food place to grab some grub when you are starving at Harrah's. I was not drunk, so I was able to taste my burger. It tastes much better when you are drunk, naturally. There are better options you can try from here that will fulfill your hunger.1 Star just because this restaurant's location is inside Harrah's Casino which has a stupid policy where no kids are allowed to go inside the casino and no kids are allowed to eat inside. REALLLLLY!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!..Our kids absolutely love Fuddruckers but NOT TODAY. Not picture worthy. Also, the person working at the door at Harrah's is super RUDE.On our last night in New Orleans, we decided to walk around Harrah's, to our surprise we found Fuddruckers hamburgers. We've always wanted to try their burgers and have never been around 1 when we were hungry. So we had their food and their burgers were perfectly cooked wonderful flavor and toppings kudos to the preparation of these Burgers perfectly cooked medium rare. We had a small onion ring and it was very good as well, the french fries were potato wedges in we asked for extra crispy and they were not so we didn't even eat those but we had plenty to eat anyway as the burgers are huge and we ordered the smaller of the two. Service was great and the only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the potato wedges.If you're looking for an overpriced and under quality burger in a busy tourist hub like the inside of the casino this is your spot! Need I say more? It's not awesome but it's a decent performer. It's absolutely highly overpricedStopped here for a late night bite after arriving our flight. We ordered the hamburger, loaded fries and the chili dog. The hamburger was okay, nothing amazing. The chili dog was to die for. The fries were super good but were missing their sour cream. Our cashier was very pleasant and sweet when taking our order. This was basically the only food open during the late night so it was very busy. The staff was struggling with handing out orders and the wait was quite long. They were calling out some order numbers and weren't calling others. It was confusing and definitely caused us to wait longer. If you need a late night bite this will be your only option but be prepared to wait!My daughter thoroughly enjoyed her first Fuddruckers Burger, she ate every bite. The fries were plenty!Ate there twice since limited options with the Covid shut downs. All I want to say is the hamburgers were Average.  Had much better and had worse. Try the hot dog it is huge but they do not melt the cheese which would have been nice.World's Greatest Hamburgers....I think not. While their motto is not quite accurate I would have to say that their burgers are not bad. The burgers are on the big side and you get to dress them to your liking as they have a topping bar. They have a limited menu as I only remember a handful of burger options, hot dogs, and a few other items. I've eaten here maybe 3-4 times and service has always been quick. I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes from the time I get in line till I get my order.
This wouldn't be my first choice for a burger but when you're at Harrah's and craving a burger this is your only option.Really wanted to go gamble and get greasy food to absorb the liquor. I have never tried Fuddruckers and was kindly directed by security as to its whereabouts. Luckily, the line wasn't too long and my wait time was short. I was a little disappointed that they ran out of beef nachos but thrilled that they at least had chili dogs and onion rings available. The food came out fresh and hot! My chili dog was seasoned perfectly. The onions rings were almost the size of my head! I also tried my boyfriend's cheeseburger and loaded fries. The meat on the burger didn't have much taste but with some added ketchup it was edible. The fries he had were wedges topped with cheese, bacon bits, and chives. I think it also was supposed to have sour cream but there was none in sight. Everything was still really good!!Only go here if you are starving and have no other alternatives.. Long line, long wait after paying, food just ok.