From the menu and pictures I saw, I didn't have high expectations. My breakfast sandwich tasted like it was pan fried in old oil. It wasn't anything impressive to begin with but I couldn't finish it because of the nasty oil flavor. My friends did enjoy their food. Their plates did look good.  All the food came out at different times though, as did our drinks. Our server seemed uneasy and tried but I feel the place has a lot more problems than inexperienced servers. I would try it again but it won't be by my suggestion.This place was delicious. Besides the wait and a little confusion on who was really next or which table they were putting is at (reason for the 4 instead of 5) the service was good, the portions were good and the food was delicious!! Will definitely go back.Great place for breakfast! Easy to find and park. Their menu is not 12 pages long which lets you know they focus on a few things so they can provide good quality and flavor. The Crab-cake Benedict and Steak Benedict were awesome!  Fast friendly service from the staff and the owner.Food was great. Prices were too much though. This place seems to be part of the new yuppie breakfast circuit where people don't mind paying $10 for a single ingredient omelet and some breakfast potatoes. $37 for a two coffee, two egg based breakfast entree, and tip. That's ridiculous, maybe it's just me. Service was mediocre.AWESOME!! I'm had to leave my review while i'm still eating!! The server Conner was great!! Headed back to Texas now.This place is awesome! We went for lunch and had some mimosas as well as the crab cakes! Tremendous food! We wanted a little dessert so we order the French toast with blueberry compote that came with a side of bacon! What a treat! Service was great and the owner was very friendly!  This place is a must! We will be back for sure!Loved it. I had the crab cake breakfast and my wife had the Cajun scramble. Both were excellent!Excellent eggs Benedict! Love the cocktail menu too. The wait staff is friendly & the chef, Chris Belou, came by to greet customers. Check it out!Totally legit new hot spot. The crab cake was off the charts, the Cajun Scramble was fabulous and the service was pretty neat awesome!  Definitely a place we'll try again!I love this place.  The staff is amazingly friendly.  I was on first name basis with my waitress & owner by the end of my meal. They are all around great folks. The food was very delicious & came out quickly.  It was a 5 star experience all the way around.  This little neighborhood gem is going to be my go-to place for brunch from now onWe were passing through New Orleans after a cruise and found this great restaurant! The food was great and the service was also! Although we were a large party, the food did not take long at all and it was affordable!This place is a cute hidden gem & the food is so delicious! The crab cake breakfast was a winner! The waffles are good too! Service was greatBeen there 3 times and going back this weekend. Tried something different each time. The the crab cake is the star. Service was great and so were the drinks. Husband created his own dish and got eggs benedict on top of his crab cake! So delicious.This was AMAZING!!! Best brunch ever!  I got the crab cakes breakfast and it is sooo good. Real crab and not mostly bread. My husband got the Cajun scramble and it was very filling! They also serve a white Russian capaciano that is to die for!It was the first time for me and the food was great. We had the steak and eggs, waffles, blueberry compote, grits and a bread, and a few others items. It was well done and worth the time to go back another day. I do have to say that there was a critter crawling inside which could mean they have to find a way to seal those openings allowing them to enter. It will loose if another customer sees one. But I would go back again despite. Hopefully I will not see another one. Food taste great and is .It's probably unfair to compare Fullblast to the Ruby Slipper, but the comparison is inevitable as it is in their former location and the owner used to work for them. So I, and I'm sure others, went there hoping for another Ruby Slipper-esque breakfast joint. It's not. 
That said, we had a good meal. Everything was well executed, the service was polite and the menu had a number of things that looked good. I got the Andouille Eggs Benedict and really enjoyed it. I do think it was expensive for what we got. 
The restaurant stands on it's own as a decent breakfast joint, just don't go there expecting to be blown away by a Ruby Slipper clone because you will be disappointed.LOVE IT!  Good food friendly staff great atmosphere!  We will definitely be back.  Hidden gem!This was our second visit and we are leaving full and satisfied!  The shrimp and grits were delicious.  The sauce has a nice kick to it.  My husband had the special - fried chicken Benedict over a cheese jalapeño cake.  He didn't taste any jalapeño but he said it was still really good.  My 1 year old had the traditional kids breakfast and he pretty much ate the whole thing!  Eggs, potatoes, bacon and toast.   The toast was a little hard but after some butter and jelly, it softened up.  We'll be back!We love Fullblast Brunch! The waiters are so sweet! We ate almost all of our food! The dishes are very unique, and we were really impressed! Also, they got us a table for six pretty quickly! We would come here again! When you first walk in, it looks a lot smaller than it really is. There are more tables in the back!If it wasn't for an incident with a b****y waitress then our meal would've been good. A waitress came up to us in the middle of our meal and yelled at us to move our car because we blocked in the garbage trucks. There were multiple cars that parked next to us and it seemed like we were the only family that got yelled at in the restaurant. It was extremely embarrassing. Not only was it embarrassing for us, but it made my pregnant daughter so upset that she couldn't finish her food. When my daughter confronted the waitress about the situation she said, "Sorry you took it that way" and said "Excuse me" as she pushed her to the side. All we wanted was an apology, but couldn't even get that. If I was the manager I would definitely leave her in the back to cook so she doesn't have to interact with guests. I guess the waiters were so nice because they had to compensate for their waitresses sh***y attitude.This is our go to for breakfast and lunch!
We've tried so many dishes here and loved every one of them. Really friendly staff and owner. I can't say enough about the yummy omelets, truly smoked bacon, the best grits in town, andouille Benedict, french toast with fresh blueberry compote, and and and... i could go on and on! Let's just say awesome food overall. 
They don't cook with loads of salt. So if you're watching salt intake - you're good! There are both sea salt and fresh pepper grinders on each table. This is another plus for me. I love fresh ground pepper and sea salt. 
https://www.fullblastbrunch.com/menu/
We truly feel like we're treated like family. 
Great hidden gem!I was meeting my husband in Mid-City for breakfast and decided to try a new restaurant. Fullblast Brunch did not disappoint; expectations were exceeded! The waitress was very nice and the food was delicious. I had the Cajun scramble with avocado on the side and hot passion tea. It was a big portion, very filling. My husband had the pan-seared crab cake breakfast (Benedict style), which was very tasty. We plan on visiting again to try some other dishes.Visited here recently. Started with a mango mimosa which was very good. Ordered the French toast. It's the French toast that's made of French bread. Not my fav type but still flavorful and good. Bacon and eggs were very good as well. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles which I tried. Waffle comes with pecans and this glaze that makes syrup totally unnecessary. The chicken is flavorful. Our server Jonathan was very nice and very attentive! Would definitely go backThe food and service were great. The Cajun scramble, chicks and waffles and mimosa trio very good.Our server this morning was amazing! The food was great. I would recommend the Cajun scramble. It was amazing. Add a little bit of hot sauce to it and you'll love (if you're into a little spice). Mimosas and margaritas were also very good. Thank you!Went here today and almost wish I was hungover because the pork grillades and poached eggs on home fries really hit the spot. The pork was tender and flavorful, the poached eggs cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were pretty much just used as a vessel for the gravy. Decent prices, tasty food, perfect location, and NOT Ruby Slipper. What's there to not like?Visited twice for brunch during our week in New Orleans.  Good service and food.  Shrimp and grits was a stand-out.  Check for specials--the fried fish with grits and andouille gravy was excellent.  Chocolate chip waffle also delicious.  Drink menu solid.I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a few friends. I had searched Yelp for brunch spots and saw that it was relatively new so I told my friends to meet me there. The service was great. I forget our waitresses name but I do remember that she's from New York. She was super nice and attentive. It was pretty busy when we got there. We had a short wait for a table. The food was very good. I ordered the shrimp & grits, which had a very dark and rich sauce. It had too many onions for my taste but I'm just not a fan of onions. The grits were nice and creamy. It was quite flavorful and had 6 good sized, clean shrimp on it and came with two pieces of toast. My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. Especially the friend who got the crab cake Benedict, which I sampled. I also ordered a mimosa and it was super cute and had a good champagne to OJ ratio just like I like it. I just wish they offered a bottomless mimosa deal. The restaurant is kind of hidden. It's on a corner off of Canal and has street parking around it. The restaurant was clean and inviting. I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.Outstanding meal and actually unexpected. My crab Benedict was perfectly seasoned and the eggs just right. It went wonderfully pairef with the mango mimosa and cheese grits. 
If I lived there I would make it one of my staple breakfast restaurants. It's an unassuming small homey like eaterie which made it even more of a gem.Loved this little spot in Mid-City! We had some friends in town so we decided to give it a try. Upon arrival I realized this used to be ruby slipper! I loved them so I hoped their food would meet my expectations! They certainly did! Our waitress was so wonderful! She was attentive, friendly, but not overbearing. For a Saturday morning the place had a Medium crowd not too crazy but bearable, I ended up getting the Cajun scramble with a side of avocado, it consisted of sausage, shrimp, red onions, tomatoes and cheese over some breakfast potatoes! Delicious! My boyfriend ended up getting the chicken and waffles which were equally as delicious! Overall I was pleasantly surprised since this spot had replaced one of my favorite brunch spots! The prices were very reasonable as well! We will def be back!This was a great find. Everything we had was perfect, and with a legit NOLA/Gulf South twist. We had a lot of general breakfast fare and also a cheeseburger and crab cakes. It was all tasty and prepared exactly as we had ordered it. All served up with fantastic service. Great addition to the neighborhood. Also, importantly, cocktails were all on point.Absolutely amazing! I was so used to this location being Ruby Slipper, but Full Blast is definitely setting the tone with their amazing menu. I ordered the chicken and waffles. I know, I know. The usual.. but, these chicken and waffles were delicious! The chicken was fried in a light batter and the waffle was super fluffy. My guest ordered amazing food as well. I was not disappointed and will be back!Amazing crab cakes!! All the food was delicious.
We came here before heading to the airport and I'm glad the owner squeezed us in on time. Service is friendly and the locals appear to enjoy it because there was a line. Thanks for the great service and amazing food!Needed a breakfast place to eat so I just fished  around on Yelp... HOMERUN! Looks can be deceiving, and looking at the location being so residential you 2nd guess yourself. But it was EXCELLENT!
Michelle was our hostess and server. She was very nice. Chris(assuming he is the owner) very attentive, helpful with recommendations in seeing the city. He interacted with us and the cooking staff very nicely. He makes people feel at home. You can tell by the numerous repeat customers that they know by name. 
Food is straight Deliciousness' and comes out way too fast to be that good. Easy to park and they have a small lot in the back. Choose this location and you will not be disappointed.The crab cake omelet was fresh and definitely delicious!   The Mardi Gras Tequila Cooler is worth trying!  Kudos to the chef and bartender.My husband and I truly enjoyed Full blast Brunch which we had a chance to visit while vacationing in New Orleans. Oh, how we wish it was closer!
Full blast is housed in a corner about 1 block from Canal Street and the convenient streetcar stops. We were extra lucky because we stayed just around the corner from this restaurant making it the perfect location for us to stop for brunch or lunch.
We had brunch every day here except the days that they are closed, Tuesday and Wednesday.
The interior is inviting and homey, the service friendly and efficient, the food is amazingly good! My husband became a fan of their Full blast breakfast which consisted of 2 eggs, andouille sausage and bacon, breakfast potatoes, grits and toast. Oh, my! Those grits! Creamy and rich! He loved the Crab cake Benedict even more!!! 
I enjoyed their Cajun Scramble, a mix of sausage, shrimp in a red sauce with cheddar cheese over potatoes. I absolutely loved their Creole Shrimp and Grits! A delight!
We also enjoyed their freshly brewed coffee and both of the Mimosas, orange and mango, made from freshly squeezed juices!
We had a great experience at Full blast where the owner, Christopher, his staff and patrons made us feel welcomed but Chris's attention, creations and dedication won us over for life! Oh, how we wish he was closer!The food is incredible! I had the Chicken & Waffles, Catfish and grits, and French Toast w/ bacon! And the Old Fashion was made to perfection! Impeccable service!I stopped into this tiny cafe for an early brunch and I was lucky that I was able to grab a table just as someone else was leaving.
Going in, you should know that this place is pretty small. If you have to wait for a table, please wait outside so as not to take up too much space. I was pretty hungry, so I decided to get the pork grillades Benedict and a small bowl of the full blast grits.
The pork grillades benedict is huge chunks of pork and gravy served with eggs Benedict on top with sliced potatoes on the side. It was delicious! The pork was so tender and the gravy was delicious. This honestly felt like more of a dinner than a breakfast, but I loved it. 
The full blast grits is grits topped with bacon and cheese and it's as decadent as you can imagine. A large bowl of this would easily be enough for a full meal, even though it's offered as a side. There's just something magical about melty cheese and bacon on top of savory grits. Needless to say, I had plenty of food to take home.
The waiter was attentive and the staff was great. My only complaint is how small the place is and I kept getting bumped because I was seated right by the door. Next time I'm going to request a table more in the back, even if I have to wait. The food was fantastic and I'll be back.New but classic proven New Orleans chef makes a damn creative be breakfast.  You'll love it.This is superb food at an affordable price! The crab cake Benedict and grits was amazing! I also ordered the mango mimosa which was delicious. Relaxing atmosphere!Full blast brunch was a pleasant surprise! I remember when Ruby Slipper was here so maybe that lens itself to the easygoing, laid back vibe of the restaurant. Not really a big place,  just about 10 tables and pretty low key staff. Typical neo-MidCity vibe (i.e. quasi-gentrified) so prices around $10-$15. I had the crabcake omelet with grits and a side of bacon.  Let me tell you something.  I'm not ashamed,  I LOVE bacon.  And whatever pig they cut this here bacon from must've been a blessed pug because that was probably the BEST bacon I've ever had.  Yep. You read right.  And the carbcake omelet entree is filling and sooo good. The fruits were creamy and well seasoned.  I ain't gonna lie, they could've kept then lil dry, breakfast potatoes tho. But everything else was so good I can't even hold back a start for that.  My hubby had the French toast and said it was really good. My mother and sister had the full Blast breakfast and man that's a lot of food. I will definitely keep this lil spot on mind. Oh and most importantly,  the mimosas (cranberry,  orange, and mango) were on point.  At $6 you might as well! So go check them out. Next time I'll try lunch.Wonderful place.  Great food for a large group
 Not a long wait at all.  Eggs Benedict were amazing! Bring the whole family!As a first timer in New Orleans it was nice to eat along with the locals. This is a small restaurant so there is a personal feel to it. The wait staff is very friendly and professional. The restaurant was clean. I ordered the Fullblast Benedict and a Belgian waffle with blueberry compote. I expected more flavor in the Benedict dish but it wasn't bad.The food is incredible! I had the Chicken & Waffles, Catfish and grits, and French Toast w/ bacon! And the Old Fashion was made to perfection! ImWonderful place, friendly, attentive, caring staff! Food was served fast fresh & delicious! We were all greeted by the manger, & even tho I am a Rams fan, she still showed me much love. We'll DEFINITELY come back again & again when in NOLA!I decided to try Fullblast Brunch on a whim, before heading out of New Orleans. It is a cute little restaurant with parking in the back. We were greeted immediately and then seated. The menu has great options for both brunch and lunch. I decided to go with the crab cakes (lunch menu) and they were delicious! When my food came out, I felt like I was at a super fancy restaurant because of the way it was served. My boyfriend ordered something off of their breakfast menu that was pretty good. Their iced coffee and bloody Mary's are also amazing. I highly recommend trying Fullblast Brunch if you are in the New Orleans Area. Not only is the food yummy, the atmosphere and service are also amazing!!! Everyone there is super nice. You will not be disappointed!This place was amazing!!! Our waitress Ashley took great care of us and CHEF MIKE did his thing on the grill! The fish and cheddar jalapeno grits were amazing. The cranberry mimosas were delicious as well! I will definitely be coming back on my next visitI'm always looking for new brunch spots and this one hit the spot. There are plenty of Benedict's to choose from and the drinks are decent. We ordered Bloody Mary's and couldn't resist the mimosa flight which came with orange, cranberry and mango juices.The food was delicious! The service was great!! I had the Cajun egg scramble that was very good and a nice size portion. The potatoes were cooked perfect !!  I prefer my coffee a little stronger but overall this place is in my top 5 for breakfast and brunch places to eat!!Incredible local breakfast place brunch wonderful selection chef came out to our table knowledgeable staff good service can't wait to come backThis is a great breakfast spot! Service was exceptional and the food was delicious. The waitresses were a lot of fun and took great care of us seeing we were hurting from a little too much fun the night before.This little hidden gem off of canal street behind Mandinas is AMAZING!!!!Crabcake is the best I've had in town . We tried a couple of dishes Cajun scrambled, Chicken Maliense, Shrimp & Grits, & to finish it off the meal with French toast . The service and management was delightful . This will be our new Brunch spot in midcity . Hats off to FullBlast Brunch job well done & Michelle our server we felt like we were at home .The food was awesome the flight of Mamosa's well! I'll definitely be back! The place is a real friendly service is a bit slow! But all in all it's a good place to go for intimate date and awesome food!Very good food. Everything on the menu looked good. It was a hard decision. Staff was friendly, food came out fast. The apple juice is fresh and the mimosa's looked good. They also serve beer. We will be back for sure.Great neighborhood corner spot! Prices higher then your typical breakfast spot bit worth it as the quality and quantity are all you seek.Full blast breakfast was so good! Love love love the hospitality at this place, in LA I feel like that is a hit or miss with servers. Servers go above and beyond to make you feel welcome. Crab cakes are Delish, must try.Omg! Best brunch spot in Nola! Highly recommend getting the crab cakes ! I had one with my meal and one as "dessert"Good food. Good service. Staff was very friendly with the kids. Crab cake Benedict was pretty good. French toast was nice.This new to the neighborhood spot is a must visit. This was my first time in New Orleans and my first stop for food upon my arrival. Food was amazing and the service even better. Owner and executive chef stopped by my table to check in. I had the chicken and waffles and cleared my plate clean, which seemed to be a common theme across all the tables. Support this gem.Food and service were great. We had the French toast and bacon and iced coffee- all were excellent. Service was perfect! I def recom for an easy yummy brunch!This is a small hidden gem right off of Canal Street. Food was delicious and the service was excellent! Highly recommend for a quiet brunch spot!Benedict! That's all I can say. Fullblast is a wonderful breakfast and brunch place. I met a friend there for a bite and they have like 5 kinda of Eggs Benedict and while I went traditional for round one I can see me going back for crab cake Benedict soon.Tried this place out for the first time last weekend and it was good. It's in the old Ruby Slipper spot in Mid City. I had the crabcake breakfast. The crabcakes were pretty good (very few shells). The eggs needed some seasoning but I did a quick fix. The mimosa was pretty good (could do without the pulp). Service was on point considering how busy they were and it was close to closing. Parking was easy, parked on the street but they have a small parking lot on the side. I'll go back and try something else out. For my first time, I approve.I'm not sure what yall ordered that made you guys compare it to the Ruby Slipper but this place was not tasty at all! I ordered the shrimp and grits and the initial taste in my mouth was not what I expected! The French toast looked like it was made with French bread and did not taste good either. Not worth the wait if you ask me.Best waffles I've had in a long time. The food was good, and the service was on point. Will be back!!Solid brunch, friendly staff. Slightly out of the way from the Quarter, but definitely worth it to avoid the lines and see a bit more of NOLA.This place was DELICIOUS! We went for a Sunday Brunch and the food was good and the service was great, even though the place was full. We ordered a few different things and shared with the table and everything was so tasty. We had the Cajun Scramlble, the Chicken and Waffle and the Smoked Sausage Benedict and they were ALL winners. If I'm every back in New Orleans, I'll definitely be stopping by again!Absolutely terrific breakfast was had by all. I had the crab cake breakfast, what a delicious Crabcake, crispy on the outside and tons of jumbo lump meat. A friend had the French toast with blueberries and an order of bacon. Perfect and delicious. A third friend had a standard bacon eggs grits and toast breakfast. Again, prepared so perfectly. This was delicious restaurant food, not average breakfast place food. We had very good service and a nice visit with the owner. I will definitely be back.AMAZING!! Crab cake Benedict was awesome, perfectly seasoned! Service was excellent, super friendly, easy going staff. Intimate, relaxing atmosphere. I've already recommended to friends.SO EXCELLENT. GO HERE NOW. 
Seriously, you will not be disappointed. We had the waffle sandwich, a chicken strips basket, and the steak Bennie with a mimosa and they were all outstanding. The breakfast potatoes with rosemary, the bernaise sauce, the extraordinarily fluffy eggs, and the service were all exquisite and you must go if you're in the area.Food was ok. Service very slow-not because of wait staff. They were the best part. Bartender was an ass.SIMPLY DELICIOUS, FLAVORFUL and just a Cozy spot! Even though I went on a Good Friday and could only have the seafood options... the option I choose was YUMMY. 
I ordered the crabcake breakfast. Crabcake with hollandaise sauce with 2 eggs, toast and a starch. I choose sourdough and grits. The crabcake was the right portion and filled with crabmeat. Impressive place and nice for either a quiet breakfast alone or a special date. I will be back and next time for something with meat !The flavor of this place is Fullblast! The Crab Cake Benedict & Creole Shrimp & Grits were CRAZY good.You are missing out if you don't have brunch here!  Get the mimosa flight (cranberry, mango and Oj)...this is a deal!  Menu has many delicious options.  I opted for the Cajun scramble with shrimp, andouille sausage, cheese, onions, tomatoes, and potatoes...this is heaven on a plate.  Huge portions for a reasonable price nothing more than $13.  This sounds very greedy, but I am because I ordered the loaded grits.  I want to swim
In them they are so good!  Don't take my word for it.  Just come next weekend for brunch.  It is a small location, so be prepared to wait.  Benches in front and off street parking with a small parking lot next to restaurant.  Wait staff is efficient and friendly.Revive was great our server "Chicago" was amazing and food was freaking great, great place to start Mardi grass!!!!It's been a while since I went here, I thought I had posted this review. I can't remember too many specifics, except that I really did not like the crabcake breakfast, which is what they push. Too many shells and not seasoned enough. They should probably take this off the menu. I will give them another try, and post a different review, this time without getting the crab cakes.I found this place through Yelp, and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. My friend and I arrived around 12:30 in the afternoon, and we were able to choose a table to sit at right away. When we sat down, we were greeted with menus and the special of the day (Catfish and Jalapeno cheddar grits w/smoked sausage gravy). Being one for new foods, I opted for the special, and paired it with an Irish Crème Iced Coffee. Food was brought out within a good amount of time, and it was set up perfectly. I had never had a combination like this one before, and I loved every bite of it. It felt like a home cooked meal away from home. I would definitely recommend this place as a spot to visit during your time in NOLA.Excellent location!
FullBlast offers a variety of delicious options, I
personally enjoyed the Anguilla sausage, scrambled eggs with some very fluffy grits 
Chris Belou and his team make you feel right at home, thanks again for your hospitality.Great spot! Came here and got the Cajun scramble with a side of Pico, very happy with me decision! Very good dish would definitely recommend it! 
My girlfriend got the crab cake Benedict it was one of the best if not the best we've tried. Hollandaise was incredible!! Also had the praline waffle to finish it off and it did not disappoint.This is a must visit when in the areaThe food was awesome!!  The wait staff was courteous and efficient. Great place to hang out with friends.