Our office went today for Friday's happy hour special.  Such a great deal, and it wasn't packed.  Didn't expect it, but the food and drinks on their specials-amazing!  Usually the happy hour offerings wouldn't be. Definitely try the pork sliders and the beignets for dessert.  Really fun time and great atmosphere.
Staff was very friendly too!There's no doubt that Fulton Alley is a great addition to the city. It's nice inside and the staff is very friendly. 
It's not a true bowling alley though. Just like the fancy bowling alleys I've been to in Dallas, the pins are attached to strings, thus preventing mechanical failures that traditional alleys deal with often. 
It limits the 'bowling' experience. . But the place is cool. Check it out.Loved our experience at Fulton Alley--we took the kids (teens) here on an early evening during a holiday break and we all had fun.  I like the smaller, intimate bowling alley, good music without being too loud that we couldn't hear each other talking.
I liked the areas to lounge and dine, play games, and continue the experience.  Fulton area is just fun in general most times, the Alley is an awesome addition.  Just be mindful of the hours are limited for the under age 18 crowd.
Good bar foods:  we had wings, burgers, fries.  Served hot, didn't appear to be too processes.  Good family fun in NOLA.It may not have the French Quarter ambience, but I had some great Sazeracs there.  And one of the bartenders even spent time personally showing me the technique.  Measuring bitters with eyedroppers apparently works well for them.  My rating is based on drinks.  I was there for a party- I think they could have done OK without the bowling alley.The space is amazing and huge. The female bartender is awesome which translates to the drinks being up to par. Even for a New Yorker :)Just the facts: the front desk was kind and friendly. We wrote our party's shoe sizes on the appropriate slip and received our footware. A few pairs were the wrong size (3 of 8), but it was easy enough to resolve. After getting settled at our lane, we ordered a few drinks. After receiving our drinks, the waitress (named Leah E., according to our receipt) never came back to us. We waited for roughly 30 minutes for her to come to us but never did. For approximately 20 minutes after that, we waited for her to come into our vicinity and tried to flag her down, but it took a few tries before she saw us. Please know that while the lanes on either side of us also had parties, half of the lanes were unused, the bar was not full, and the tables were empty. It was a Sunday evening at about 8:30 or 9. Once the food was delivered, we never saw our server again. Please don't misconstrue my statement as hyperbole...I didn't just not see the server at our table, I didn't see her at any table. She didn't check on the two neighboring parties, but we did see her behind the bar a few times. She was not the only server on staff, as others were seen serving other lanes and, as established previously, the place was not busting at the seams. The food order was wrong, the drink order was improperly charged, we had to go to the bar for silverware. We did go to the bar for drinks due to her absence, and the bar service was pleasant but slow. When the check came and we attempted to fix a mistake on the check (we ordered a single slider burger but were charged for a plate. When we brought it to her attention, she said not to worry about it. We asked if we would be charged for just a slider (aka the thing we ordered) or if we'd be charged the plate meal (what we got). She replied that we would be charged the single slider. When the check came, we were charged the meal. She changed it without complaint. However, someone in our group ordered two wells vodkas and she charged Ketel One to the ticket both times due to a misunderstanding. She was less happy and less willing to understand or resolve this issue, resorting to having another server bring the final ticket, run our card, and bid us farewell. She did not make eye contact after his point (even after a member from our group returned to the table to retrieve a jacket). She did not apologize for mix ups, misunderstandings, or wait times, and she did not thank us for our business or wish us good night.To top it all off: while I think waitstaff have the right to whatever emotions and experiences they will on a given shift, our server was not the most cheerful person. It could be that she had a bad night (God knows we all have em). But after seeing all of the other bad reviews, I felt it might benefit the community to add to the menagerie of disenchanted customers' reviews. As an organizational psychologist, a patron, and Louisiana resident, I wish the alley would work on resolving the issues in their customer service.I was in town with friends and we reserved two lanes for our event complete with food. Upon entry, I was impressed by the decor, technology and general ambiance of the bowling alley. Check-in was cumbersome. One of my friends gave our groups name and it appeared as though the associate was unable to immediately locate our reservation. We reserved the lanes months in advance. Within about 10  minutes which felt like forever, we were asked our shoe sizes and escorted to our lanes. The associates place the names of the players on the scorecards for you and I liked the efficiency of placing all rental shoes in a basket and escorting us to our lanes. There are not many lanes available, but maybe they don't need it. it was a Saturday night and the place wasn't packed but then again, it was 7pm and maybe the crowd picks up later. I could definitely see this place being easy to convert to a club scene for the younger people (I'm not that old but I'm flirting with 40). Our section had our food placed in beautiful silver warmers that closed. The offerings were roasted vegetable quesadillas, popcorn shrimp and griddled beef sliders. Presentation gets 5 stars!! The taste was ok.
Our server introduced herself to us and I placed my order for my regular drink of choice - Tito's with a splash of tonic. I received my drink, tasted it and well, the bartender was extremely heavy on the tonic. Not wanting to be a problem, I drank it and upon ordering my 2nd I reiterated to the server that I would like a SPLASH of tonic or if it would be easier to just give me Tito's on the rocks with a side of tonic, like a shot glass full so that I could ensure my drink wasn't tonic heavy. I don't need a double pour, just not a lot of tonic :-) Well, she returned with my second drink and hallelujah!! It was perfect! This of course led to a 3rd drink (don't judge me).
The food was pretty good but the service regarding the cleanliness of the food area was superb. I swear, the young man made sure that area was spotless and I truly appreciated that. 5 stars on that, he was amazing and committed.
So why the 2 stars? The technical functions of the lanes. I have never seen pins on strings before. That was new, but that's not why this place is only getting 3 stars. The lane kept malfunctioning. We would bowl and the arm would remove the pins, well, pull them up and then reset the others. Then it would do it again and again. This usually took about 3 minutes which once, you add it up, equates to a significant amount of time lost when you are paying by the hour for 4 people per lane. I informed the associate about the problem and he said he would go in the back to check. I'm not sure if he did or didn't because 15 minutes later, we were still having the same problem. I again went to the associate and he said he would reset it. It seemed to have worked but 5 minutes later, back to the old technical difficulties. By this time, I was over bowling and this entire experience and the failure to resolve the issue. 
So if it had not been for the food set-up and the young man always making sure our food area was impeccable, this place would have received 1 star.I had a blast here! I came here for a private HBCU event. The place has a classy, swanky vibe. You can choose to bowl or enjoy the happy hour in a lounge area. The staff was incredibly helpful with setting up lanes and clearing and refilling drinks. It's a great alternative to a club or traditional bar.So, we had two different experiences here based on the servers.  We sat at the bar both times. The first night we had a gal that was fun, easy-going, helpful.  The person I was with got two sliders and she really liked the beef slider.  I got the meat pies, which were just okay...they tasted like they came out of a frozen box, but like a nicer brand, as opposed to... for example, Hot Pockets. Ha! Nothing wonderful, nothing terrible.  The drink that the bartender made was solid though.  
The second time we went there was a different bartender.  We were there on work, so we needed to stay within a certain budget with our food.  I ordered a slider (they have them as a single option) and a side of the brussel sprouts.  I specifically had pointed to the single slider on the menu when ordering.  When the food came out, it was the two slider meal option, and when I pointed it out (because of the work budget), it was just really awkward.  The bartender came out with an extra plate and proceeded to clear off the second burger and fries and take them in back... The slider was a better choice than the meat pies.  The brussel sprouts were good, but not great, a little greasy.  The environment is chill, relaxed, easy.  This place is not far from the convention center, so it's an easy walk after a long day there.  Obviously, take advantage of the Yelp free drink, and hope you get the female bartender, she's way more fun.It's a nice place. Parking is a pain. Drinks were good and the food was just ok. We had our work holiday party there. They were more interested in making the party starting after us happy. They just off our bowling lanes 40 minutes before our time was up and when we said something we just got a phony sorry. All this after they had us change the day and time.Beautiful, modern facility with a ton of options other than bowling. Instead of a rehearsal dinner for our wedding, we did a game night with our families here. The event planner for the space gave us two lanes at a discounted rate with food options. Everyone had a great time enjoying the lanes, bar, chess table and foosball.This place was rockstar! I wished I lived near here and could go all the time. I didn't event come for bowling. I was looking for a good place to get a drink and food and thankfully I walked into this place. It is very chic and cool. The bar staff was amazing and even made fun drinks that weren't even off the menu for me. I wished I could remember their name to give them a shout out! The wings were also amazing!Friendly staff, great food, clean, great times. My husband and I went to the Fulton Alley and we were presently surprised. Friendly staff all around. We ordered drinks from the bar and were delicious. We also ordered food and to our surprise the food was very very good. We enjoyed every minute.
Tips: Take advantage of the Happy Hour Specials in bowling and drinks. We saved a few dollars. 
Definitely recommend .I had a blast with two friends here the other day.  The fun even pulled the three of us slightly out of our hangover lull we were feeling.  Had a few good rounds of bowling in very comfy and nicely decorated surroundings.  We all ordered some small plates and the food was very good.  I had the small tacos which were pretty awesome.  One of the bartenders was really nice and the server coming to our table was just as nice.  Plans to return are already in the works!I doubt if I'll visit Fulton Alley again. I went there Saturday night with some friends around 12am (so I guess that would actually be Sunday). We had no intentions on bowling; we only wanted to grab some drinks and food and chill. My friend went to the front counter to get a menu. She asked if the kitchen was open. First she was ignored by two people standing up there, and after she had to repeat herself, a girl (young, black girl, skinny, some type of scarf thing on her head) finally gave her a menu, but she just held it out without even acknowledging my friend or answering the question! She was unnecessarily rude. 
It took us about 5 minutes to decide what we wanted, then we went to the bar to order. The bartender was polite, but he told us the kitchen was closed. I was understanding, but I wanted to know why the front counter girl even gave us a menu if she knew the kitchen was closed. I went to the counter asked what time the kitchen closed and she told us 1. It was 12:40. Fulton Alley, if your kitchen is supposed to close at 1, it needs to close at 1. When I told her the bartender just told me the kitchen was closed she just changed her answer and said "oh, well I guess it's closed then" and took the menu out of my hand and threw it on the counter. Excuse me?! What type of night was this chick having that she had to be so rude? Whatever, I wasn't leaving, so I stood there and asked "so is it closed, or is it not?" There was a guy (short, white guy, blonde hair, might've been in a mohawk type thing if I remember correctly) that heard the exchange, so he said he'll go check because he wasn't sure if the kitchen was still cooking after some private party that was going on. When he came back out, the girl told us that the kitchen wasn't cooking anymore after the party, so that was the only food they had. I told her that we weren't with the party; we came here on our own and did she expect us to go and take those people's food? All she said was "well the kitchen's closed" and turned her back on me! 
My friends and I immediately left. We wanted to stay; the DJ was awesome and we were really having a good time, but that front counter girl ruined it for us.the word boutique describes things to me that are cheap versions physically, and overpriced monetarily, and this place meets both.
during the weekdays?  $30 an hour to bowl
weekends?  $50
this is def made for convention center folks, who are here and getting raked, while they get to write it off on their taxes.   good for them.  however, there are strings attached to the bowling pins, so if you really are a bowler?  you will be very disappointed.   being forced to play via a computer who scores for you, and a pin reset that keeps having issues just laying down your pins.   there were many many mistakes here.   including the fact that its not regulation either.
if you can get past that?  you can have fun.
food wise?  big fun.   the brussels sprouts?  are fabulous, fries too.  deviled eggs with pork cracklin, and then some.   our bill for food and drink was 75.00   I guess thats okay, but I can go over to dragos and walk outta there with some stellar meal and drinks for two for about $100.....  and not feel ripped off.   I kept feeling ripped off here.    
the employees are very nice, but I guess I am an old school bowler, and there are elements to bowling that make it a great game.   these are all missing here.   the bottom line here is money.   
lets not forget the food tax and the beverage tax added on at the bottom.  being a local?  I guess this is the tourist tax that they are stealing from you.   I have bartended in this town.  wow.   since when did that become the norm?  
I have never been impressed by fulton street, with the exception of grande isle.   I feel like I get what I pay for there and then some...
I won't be back here ever again.  glad I came and formed my own opinion.   I was warned by many, some even employees that didn't last more than a week, and others who felt ripped off.
it was a birthday party, and the birthday girl wanted this.   so we did it.
I wish you the best as a new business in new orleans.
and by the way adding a glass of wine to my bill?   was rude.   no one was drinking a glass of wine in this party.   
way to add up extras and really make me mad.  wow...   I shoulda looked at the bill and made you refund the "wine" no one was drinking.    yeah  MAD.
as a local?   go to rock n bowl.   seriously.I was attending the conference across the street and would not recommend it as a restaurant option for that, slow service. But good for a group with the day off to bowl and social atmosphere was lively. Andouille tots are advertised as giant but I was sorely disappointed with the size although they are delicious!The food consists of small appetizer portions and really didn't impress me that much.  Don't come here expecting to be able to eat a full meal as it is just snack size portions.  Nothing I ate really appealed to me and I won't be eating here again.  The beer selection was small, overpriced and not very impressive (seriously no Abita Amber).  They do have a large selection of cocktails.  The bowling alley portion is nice enough but the overall experience just doesn't rate a return visit and I'm sticking to Rock and Bowl for my bowling excursions as it is FAR superior in every way to this venue.
Tip:  You can bring children here so for those with kids this can be a spot where you can drink adult beverages with the offspring in tow.Loved it great place for kids during the day. Food was great free ole Scholl games for kids family friendly and Monday night service industry is Wonder full. Great apps table service and clean indoor and outdoor barsFulton Alley is "boutique bowling" at its finest. If you are one who likes to actually bowl, this may not be the place for you. Food is good (chicken wings are excellent, setting is beautiful and service was above average. We were surprised by the pins being suspended on strings...it was a very different experience and seemed like you were not really bowling. Negatives, which were paramount.... It is pricey and you cannot finish a game if you exceed your time, which is sold in 30 minute increments. Will we go back? Probably, due to the location and because we like to bowl....but we will get additional lanes so that we can complete games that are started. Fun addition to our great city, but get ready to spend $$$The service is horrible! The waitress was rude and incompetent. She could not split the check in the way most establishments do and instead gave us one to cket a mile long with each item ordered split 3 ways. As in "deviled eggs 1/3...$1.00" and so on for each item ordered! Who does that!?!
And it's not like she didn't know how many guests to expect bc I made the reservation for 2 lanes (at least 12 people) 2 weeks prior!
When I made the reservation I was told that the bill would be split by our server at the end of our night. I asked the same question and recieved the same response when they called to confirm my reservation the day before. Once we got there the waitress told us that she could only split the ticket 4 ways, there was an ATM available, she could only take 3 debit/credit cards and that people could always order at the bar for convenience. 
I understood it was the alley's policy and had some of my guests order at the bar and told her to split the check 4 ways for us to split amongst our selves yet she still brought one ticket. Some guests were leaving early and left cash for the bill. The waitress approaches me as to how to handle the cash that was left since the party was still happening and I told her to add it to the bill and that I was going to let her figure it out since we had already discussed splitting it at least 4 ways. She goes on to tell me, while strangely scratching her neck, that it's hard for her to keep up with so many different people's orders. To that I say that the size of my party was not a surprise since I made the reservation prior to and that if she felt she couldn't handle it she should have asked her manager and team for help. I worked in restaurants and know very well the ways to manage large parties to make the most money in tips and to ensure the customers's happiness. The waitress had a piss poor attitude from the start and kept approaching me with stupid questions about the bill after I told her how to handle it at the beginning of the party but she did things her way and then expected me to clean it up. Needless to say things didn't go well and my boyfriend ended up paying twice as much as we should have. We ordered a ton of items at the bar and since I didn't actually order at the bar myself I would assume that the bartenders were great and the shots I had were wonderful. The waitress was slow in everything she did, bringing my cupcakes from their refrigerator took an hour and she took forever taking orders and delivering drinks and food. If it weren't for the piss poor attitude, demeanor and capabilities of our poor overworked waitress my experience would have been phenomenal. My boyfriend had to cover way more of the bill than he should have had the waitress had some type of organizational skills toward her work with us and the bill. 
Also note that a wine offered by the glass and by the bottle on the menu was actually only available by the bottle, or as determined by our waitress. And the shrimp and andouille fries are no longer on the menu. 
The alley is a cool concept and is visually pleasing. I just wish they would begin to focus on good food, customer service & preventing their servers from scratching themselves while in conversation with guests. 
Don't expect much if you do decide to go and certainly don't go with a large party, they can't handle it.Great place for bowling. At fifty per hour it is not cheap. The place looks really nice. The staff is kind of slow but friendly. They play the music a little too loud to have a conversation. 
Great to go with a large group to split the cost!I've been here a couple of times for events (Yelp, Waka Kickball, Work event) so I have yet paid to bowl. Bowling is pretty pricey if you want to go on a weekend but happy hour is from 11-7 on Fridays and you get free bowling with that!
So far I like this place, the lanes and nice and clean, there are plenty of balls available to use and the champagne cocktail is yummy (but pricey!). Overall, if I'm going to bowl I'd rather here than rock-n-bowl or AMF.The bartender Tony is so nice and makes a mean bev! Favorite bowling alley! So fantastic, food's great too!It has been said that I am overly competitive. In my mind, there is no such thing as 'overly' competitive but as an example; I once threatened to take on a pair of over 6ft tall twin dudes when they were cheating in beer pong. (I was serious about fighting them too). Anyway, what does this have to do with a fancy-smancy bowling alley? Well, Fulton Alley is a lovely place to be all fancy and drink fancy drinks and bowl. But who do you go to fancy places with? Normally people you are trying to impress or at least not make them think that you are a crazy person. So Fulton Alley is tough for this girl. I had a great time at our Yelp Bowling tournament but that maybe one of the few times I will be bowling at Fulton Alley. I have been here late on a Saturday and it was nice but I was happy just to enjoy (many) craft cocktails. The bartenders here are really great. They are friendly, attentive, and know how to make a damn fine drink. Ok, so overall Fulton Alley is very nice for fancy-pants things. However, this is not Gloucester bowling alley and throwing a fit and flicking off the pins will not win you any points.It's a pretty bowling alley which is unique. I took my team here for a department outing on a Friday afternoon. The place was pretty empty, so we had it a bit to ourselves. Nice leather sofas and tables by the lanes. We ordered a variety of appetizers: they were good but nothing outstanding. We had some sliders, regular hamburgers for our group. Again, good but nothing to rave about. The Cobb salad one person had did look quite good. Overall, the service was very good and we all had a pleasant time. I would try this place again maybe for a date night. It's pricey but you're paying for trendy. I'd like to see when the place is a bit more hopping as that energy might have elevated the vibe.We had a private event in a section of Fulton Alley last Thursday, and I need to know who the male bartender was that night (at the bar that was open to the public as well as our party), because he was literally the nicest bartender that I have ever met in the entire city of New Orleans.
The rose something drink with St. Germain was delicious, and the meat pies and the pork belly sliders they served us were great as well. I think the meat pies could have been a little more flavorful, but there was a dip that was served with the meat pies and that solved the problem.
Also, major points for having women's size 5.5 bowling shoes. And the red and black bowling shoes went perfectly with my red dress. You the real MVP, Fulton Alley.Service is unbelievably slow. Thirty minutes for an order of beers, twenty minutes for an order of fried food. After thirty minutes our waitress showed up with three of the five beers. The other two showed up in cans about ten minutes later. All told, we were halfway through our first game before someone came around to take our order.
Prices are too high for a bowling alley. Prices are presumably so high because of the location and service. The service, however, is nonexistent. Go elsewhere for bowling. It's an ok spot if you're stuck in the CBD. Fried chicken is pretty good -- that's pretty much what gets them from one star to two stars.
Also, the pins are on strings. Incredibly tacky.I waited over 30 min for food that came out wrong and was met with indifference. The bartender was nice but seemingly clueless. It was just an overall bad experience and management was absent. No one came out to fix x the situationWe recently had our rehearsal dinner here last weekend.  I will start by saying the space is great, the food was delicious, and people really enjoyed themselves.  However, in regards to customer service, my experience with their staff prior to the event was pretty terrible.  Getting anybody to call us rather than e-mail us was like pulling teeth.  We got passed off to three different people within the sales/event team before we could even get things settled.  Because of their terrible communication, the contract had the wrong room on it, so we had to have our party in another room within the alley.  They acted like this was not their mistake and we got the better deal because the room had a higher minimum. But it was not the space we originally wanted because of tables and seating.  Then, a week before the event they let us know that we couldn't even come into the alley until the beginning of the party because of another private event.  When we e-mailed back (because this is the only way to talk to anyone there really), we asked them to call us because we just wanted to finalize payment and make sure everything was in order we naturally got no response.  I've been in the customer service industry for over a decade now and they weren't even providing the minimum communication wise to make us feel comfortable with them for the amount of money we spent. I would never do a private event there again.Loved the atmosphere...small bowling alley, but NOT your typical bowling alley. Would definitely come back & maybe play a game! Server Ashley was great!Great pork belly sliders... Terrible service. All available seating had dirty tables. Once I asked where to sit (directed to dirty table) after 10 minutes I was told I wouldn't have a waiter. -_- I came for the amazing sliders so I stayed. Don't fall for the popcorn shrimp trap. I thought it was a nice app w/ a kick .... Instead I got mediocre fried shrimp w/ ranch like remoulade. When I mentioned my disappointment I naively expected the bartender to care.... No one bothered to check in so I didn't get a refill and damn near choked on the dry shrimp.  Will I come back? The sliders are good.... But probably not for just food.Came and no one wanted to serve us. I have been here before and this was the worst. The bartenders walked past us like we were invisible. Horrible experienceMy favorite place! Their food is delicious and the service is super friendly and fast. 
Wasuna is the best!!!The wings were amazing!   We came here on a weeknight and it was pretty much dead.   Staff was super friendly, especially our bartender.   She was top notch.  We pretty much had her to ourselves because the night was slow.
PROS:  Cool spot to get food and beers and do a bit of bowling.  I was very surprised with how good the food was.  I had 2 plates of wings.  The bar tender was so sweet and she chatted with us for the whole night.
CONS:  Only a few lanes, so it seems like you could be waiting a long time on a busy weekend night.  They could increase the portion sizes a bit.  I was starving and had to order two plates of wings.  :)
OVERALL:  This place was close to our hotel and a good night spot.  We hit it on a weeknight when it wasn't crowded and that was perfect.We came here for my husbands birthday lastnight. The girl at the front desk was very cold and had no people skills at all. When we got our shoes on and began to bowl, the computer wasn't keeping score. It took a while for someone to tell us that their computers were messed up and the only working lanes were the ones being used. I have no idea why they would charge us and bring us to a lane that they knew wasn't working. 
We ordered drinks when we arrived, waited 20 minutes and never got them. Thank goodness the manager finally arrived and comped us our drinks. We waited a while but no other lanes opened up. We didn't bowl at all that night and had to go ask for a refund on the lane we paid for and couldn't use. 
I appreciate the drinks, but I feel like if you'd like us to come back, you could have asked for our credit card yourself to refund us, and maybe offered us a voucher to come back and try again?
We weren't pleased, to say the least.Came at 730 pm. Told lane ready at 915. At 10 pm, told lane ready at 11. Total BS. Hung out and drank for no reason. Total liars. Full of shit. Not at all honest. Don't come here. Liars all around.Love this place! Came here for happy hour and everything was good from the service, and the food. The pork belly sliders and deviled eggs were to die for and the daiquiris were fabulous. 
There are fun board games under the tables and I can't wait to have my party here next month. You don't have to bowl to have a good time here. Love it! Even the restrooms are fabulous!Fulton Alley Mondays is really where it's at. Theses guys and girls give 100% to make sure your experience there is top notch. 
Visit "Sombrero"! 
Say hi to the team for me.Fulton has the best SIN night! Melissa the bartender is WICKED awesome and does cartwheels with your shots---literally!Love being able to go bowling in a fancy and fun atmosphere! This is perfect for corporate events, birthday celebrations, or just a night out with friends. They have great deals during the week...free bowling and $6 cocktails for happy hour! I also love all the food I've had there - it's definitely fancy, not your typical bowling food.The food is good and reasonably priced, and the staff is friendly and helpful, but the bowling was quite pricey.Decent bowling ally but the food leaves much to be desired of.  Drinks are overpriced and customer service is laking.  Only good thing is the interesting decor other then that I would pass on this place unless you only want to bowl.Despite saying I wouldn't return, a group of friends and I went back to Fulton Alley last night. Everybody enjoyed themselves and there was absolutely nothing that marred the night this time around. 
The food was great - the fried brussels sprouts were really great (I normally don't eat sprouts, so that's saying something) and the sliders were tasty as well. The specialty cocktails were awesome, too - I really enjoyed the Manhattan and a few of my friends were drinking the Shandy all night. There's a great selection of liquor, too.
Our server Leila was cute and awesome and speedy. I felt like the size of our group flustered the hell out of her at one point, but she really did a fantastic job.
I bowled a couple of pretty decent games, too, so I was definitely a happy camper. Still not sure how I feel about the whole "pins on strings" thing, and the lanes don't allow for any hooking of your ball. I used a house ball and rolled a 143 and a 186, though, so I guess I can't complain. It's just kind of awkward having to adjust your bowling style so much.
Overall last night's experience really changed my outlook. We'll be returning.Balls are terrible and don't bowl straight at all! I bowl a 160 average and bowled an 80 here and I know my form ain't that bad. Also the lighting is quite dim and lastly the pins are on strings. STRINGS...come on what is this the caveman era.If you live or are visiting NOLA run don't walk to Fulton Alley!!
 After a loss in my family I was not in the celebratory spirit on my birthday. My husband and friends reserved some lanes for us at Fulton Alley and said I would not be disappointed! Boy, were they right! 
 As soon as I walked in my mood lifted. The place is FANTASTIC and definitely not you Mama's bowling alley!   The bar where the mixologists prepare the nectar of the gods (aka delicious drinks)  is large and very comfortable decorated in rich, dark, woods. There was fun music playing and you could not help but shake a tail feather.
 Then let me move on to the food. The food was fresh, homemade and they did not hit a bad note with any of the dishes we had. The sliders and fresh cut fries where my husbands faves. If I was not married I am fairly certain my husband would be the tator tots with cheese and andouille they have there. New Orleans takes its food very seriously and you can tell the Chef at Fulton Alley does as well.
Cassidy our server was so precious and kept up with our very hungry and thirsty group. Ken, the General Manager, is the epitome of hospitaily. He knew it was my birthday and he had the chef prepare bread pudding beignets on the house! We devoured those beignets in record time and they were perfectly done.
The bowling is also awesome  with comfortable couches and a big screen with your scores which make it quite easy to see who is dominating (not me). Also, they bring your shoes to you and collect them, Woot Woot. Jeffrey brought our shoes and he was prompt and polite even though he had to make multiple trips.
Fulton Alley allowed me to have the best birthday ever at  time when I thought that was not possible. Great job  to everyone there! If I was in person, I would slow clap. 
I will definitely be a regular at this place no doubt.I never actually used Yelp before but after my experience at Fulton Alley last friday night the 13th I had to join this website /forum to write about my time in this awesome new place. We came in on a group of 4 people around 9pm, me, my boyfriend and another couple. Hostess cordially walked us through the entire space and suggested us to sit at the bar while waiting for the rest of our party. Place was busy but not packed, music was nice and not too loud, very impressive and beautiful ambience and decor. We sat down at the smaller bar and we were promptly greeted by the bartender, who handed us menus and told us she would be right away with us. The menu was very extensive with good options of cocktails, food, wine. Beers were a bit unusual, cocktails all crafted and with different syrups and bitters. We decided to try some of them with some bar snacks while deciding if the rest of our group who was about to meet us wanted to bowl. We asked the bartender (who had a lovely accent that later we found out it was surprisingly from Brazil!) recommendations on cocktails and food and she seemed very excited talking about the food and specially the drinks (she mention later she was a professional mixologist and recently moved from NYC to New Orleans to be in this working on this new spot). We tried the Forbidden Fruit, the Tea Rose, the Champagne cocktail and their variation of Sazerac, Exchanging Lanes, and they were all perfectly executed and tasted great. On the food side we decided to go for the fish tots, the beef sliders and the kale chips, all super yummy and tasty. The other bartender, a super friendly and funny Asian guy also helped us when our friends came over and made us special shots. After all the drinking we decided to go bowling, so they suggested us to close our tabs since they have servers on the bowling lanes, but we like them so much that we just decided to keep our tabs running and come back to them whenever we need more drinks, champagne (which they nicely brought to us in our lanes on ice buckets) and great tequila shots suggested by the Brazilian lady who also happened to be a tequila expert and suggested us instead of Patron to try a new tequila called Casa Noble... we loved it!
Bowling was a lot of fun. And WOW, the lanes are super cool with comfy couches to accomodate guests while bowling, eating and drinking, a plus plus!!
Our entire experience at Fulton Alley was EXCELLENT and we can't wait to come back for more bowling and fun with their bartenders. Great addition to the city and to the area!4/5 fun and affordable.
can we talk about this happy hour real quick? i mean look it up - it's half off apps (which come many in an order), cheaper drinks, and half off an hour of bowling plus free shoes. so: grub, check. drank, check. activity, check. we saw some families here and we could only suspect that the parental units were getting soused while their kids tossed balls down the lane - seems like a win-win.
last i was here was with a bunch of coworkers. we got there in time for a lane (they fill up and/or get reserved for later in the evening), and had a little back table where we could huddle. seems like folks enjoyed and were surprised by the space. will definitely be back at some point, especially for this great HH deal!Our first impression of this place was pretty bad. None of the staff seemed to know what they were doing and, being new customers, we didn't know where to go or who to talk to  for a seat, or a lane reservation, or to order anything. No one was ever offered to help us, or seat us, or even greet us.  After walking to the bar three times to ask for a waitress, someone came to take our order. So overall I'd say the service was terrible. Luckily, it was a nice, clean place with good happy hour deals, decent food, and the whole vibe was pretty cool. I'm new to the area so I don't know of maybe it's a new place, with staff that isn't trained yet, but it definitely felt that way. It seemed poorly managed, but we ended up having a good time for a pretty good price.Very unpleasant experience......I felt that my requests were inconvenient to all of the staff.  When the group I was with was given the wrong basket of shoes I was told by the front desk attendant that "you all must not have wrote down the right sizes". I asked for a Mojito and the bartender said that mint was only available at one bar, but then agreed that she could get the mint after I said that we would be ordering other drinks. Service was slow and I could barely untie my shoes at the end of our game before we were told that we needed to move to another area so that the lane could be used again.Very expensive for bowling. The pins are on strings. Sometimes they didn't fall over when the pin should have. Looks really cool inside, but too pricey.I've been here three times now.  Once to bowl with adult friends.  Once to bowl with kids and once just for after work drinks.
They did a very nice job building this place.  Your bowling lane(s) is surrounded by comfortable couches and low coffee tables so you can eat.  I would suggest dining elsewhere as the food is very expensive and not good.
It is a great place to take kids because the bumpers automatically come up and then go down again depending on who is bowling.  The pins are attached to strings as the way to reset so this is not by any means All-Pro Kenna' Don Carter Lanes.  It is very expensive to bowl here (I think for a group of 8 with shoes it was well over $100 for an hour.  $25/per lane per 1/2 hour with a max of 6 per lane plus $4 for shoes).  
The drinks are very expensive and more on the "mixology" range.  The drink menu was done by Neil Bodenheimer's Cure.
Other than the bartenders, the waiters/waitresses that serve the lanes are terrible.  Hopefully with time they will find better staff.
I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 2 or 3 because I'm glad that Harrah's added this to Fulton because it gives another unique option when you're in the area and want to do something different than just drink at a bar.  It the short time it has been open, I've already been three times (not my choice) and it comes up a lot in conversation of "what to do".This place is amazing! I had such a good time.
So, I was wondering exactly what "boutique bowling" is. Apparently it's fancy pants bowling complete with a waitress who will regularly check to make sure that you have everything that you need, food and drink wise. Pretty cool.
Me and a friend played for an hour and we had a great time. The bowling was a lot of fun (I was on my third game when I discovered that I work best with the 8 lb ball) and the wait staff was super attentive in making sure that we had everything that we needed.
So, what did I score in my first ever game here? Um...geez. What's with the questions? I haven't bowled in ages, so why don't you just chill out and mind your business? It's not all about winning, you know. Jeesh!
Bonus points for fancy sliders and extra fancy beers. Also, every bowler seemed to be in a really good mood. All in all, this place is a win...or a 300, if you will.SIN is the best thing!! It's great to feel appreciated! Great beer specials and I love the outside bar to smoke!Just had my birthday party at this location. All I could say it's very edgy upscale ambience /vibe . The food was really good especially the gravy fries and chicken wings. Will definitely come back again. Customer service is excellent!I brought a group of clients to Fulton Alley for a night of fun during an industry event in New Orleans. I contacted the event coordinator earlier in the day to make arrangements for the reservation which was on a Tuesday night. I received a prompt email reply and my group was scheduled for the night. I even went back and forth a few times on what time i wanted to schedule the reservation. They were very patient with me! When we arrived, I paid for the lanes which are by the hour and everyone grabbed their shoes. Our waitress for the night was extremely attentive and kept the food and drinks coming as we were a hungry and thirsty bunch. The sliders and wings were particularly good. Also great Brussels sprouts! The bowling is a "boutique" style so don't take yourself too seriously. This ain't league night. For entertaining customers, this was a great night. I received more than a few complements for planning the night. I will definitely be back!Never been to a bowling alley like this before!  Although many will probably compare it to Lucky Strike in other cities,  Fulton Alley is way more sophisticated and sexy.  The ambience/decor is very modern and just beautiful.  My friends and I had a great time trying the different craft drinks and bites.  I highly recommend the champagne cocktail and the andouille gravy fries!  
This spot is really great for downtown Nola as it provides an alternative to the usual late night drink/eat scene.  It would be an awesome place to throw a party.  We'll be visiting again very soon.We just left the establishment. Geat atmosphere, poor service. We sat ourselves because neither the bartender or the waitress would greet us. We played Scrabble and sat for about 30 minutes, while the waitress eyed us a couple times. She didn't attempt to ask us if we needed anything. We would've ordered drinks and appetizers but she pissed me off by not showing us any attentionService Industry Night is the best deal in town!! Drink deals and free bowling, along with great bartenders!! I only go on Monday. This place has a great vibe. Ask for Wyatt for great service!The sliders were awesome and the prices weren't bad at all.  Been here twice nice, enjoyed it both times.This place is awesome, I took my sister here for her birthday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We went Tuesday July 6, 2016 at about 4:30 pm during Happy Hour. I was very  impressed, the drinks was offered at a descent price, and they also validate parking. I only wish the Happy Hour food selection was bigger as it wasn't  to much choose from. Overall this is a great place to hang out with friends, family or you can even make it a date night. Our waitress was awesome, she was very attentive also this was very unexpected everyone bowling during that time was treated to a serving per table of beignets and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. How awesome is that. We will definitely be back again.Tried to bowl with my 10 year old. Half of the place was empty but we were turned away because they have a private party starting in 90 minutes. (we wanted to bowl for 60 minutes). We were compensated with a half off coupon to use after 8:30. Children are not admitted after 8 pm, so what good would that coupon do? However, the girl behind the desk said she would "maybe" break the rules - "no guarantees" and let us bowl after 8 because she does"not agree with the rules." I have never begged someone to take my money like this because my son had his heart set on bowling the last night of vacation. Terrible service all around.The bomb.com in a thong. 
Ribs.  Deviled eggs. Exchanging lanes (my drink). And the BEIGNETS. STEUPPPPPPS!!! Definitely coming back!!!!Great experience at Fulton Alley. Went there with cousins to celebrate a birthday....we call ourselves "The Babies". Wonderful time thanks to Kelle. Will definitely go back. Best bowling in the city.
Really great atmosphere and very accommodating. Bar was the best with a good selection.
I love Rock n Bowl but these lanes were better. There was oil on the lanes and more like reel bowling lanes with a good selection of bowling balls. Love throw whole vibe with leather couches and a nice bar!I'm rating this as a two based purely off price and service. $50 an hour per lane is a bit pricey if you ask me. In addition to the prices our "waitress" was openly flirting with her boyfriend or male friend in the space behind us. It was all a little awkward and the food underwhelming. KUDOS for the great ambiance though.Trendy, spacious, bowling alley / bar. Staff are friendly, drinks are on the lower end (at least during happy hour), and it's definitely an upgrade from your grade school bowling alley days. Decor is snazzy and this has more of a lounge vibe than a bowling alley. I think adult playground is probably the best description. if I lived in the area, I could see myself being a regular here (as a lot of my local friends already are).
Tip - be sure to check in on Yelp to claim a free drink!Perfect place for a corporate events or just night out with friends! The staff is top notch - super friendly and accommodating. Food & drinks at Fulton raise the bar of what you might expect from a bowling alley. 
I've hosted a corporate event here (ask for Victoria - she's the best), had a night out with friends and a birthday celebration. The atmosphere is perfect for any occasion and offers something for everyone to enjoy.Great good music service was good and food was great drinks were a little short on the alcohol it was more juice that anything elseHaving a great time at the service industry night!!! Good place to bring some friends and enjoy the bowling alley!! Will definitely be back!!!Awesome place. Great ambience. Awesome waitstaff. The place has a great atmosphere. i'm looking forward to my next visit.Came for dinner and stayed for drinks and games. This place has it all! The bocci ball and scrabble were fun.A new concept for NOLA.. not an easy feat!
As a non-bowler, I was initially skeptical about Fulton Alley. However, once I got there I was delighted to realize how much else there is to do and see. With two full bars, a dance floor, and a gorgeous outdoor seating area (with bar access!!) Fulton Alley provides a little something for everyone. I also loved how I was not forced into bowling shoes which did not vibe with my outfit... although on another night I went for them, they're actually pretty cute!
This bar is great for a fun night out with a group, or for a more upscale bowling date. I also had the opportunity to attend a private party here, and the service was impeccable! Great signature cocktails like the Exchanging Lanes, a wide variety of yummy small plates (try the meat pies!!!), and good music help to create a fun and relaxed atmosphere.SIN is the best thing alive. Wyatt is the best bartender and has the best pantie dropping shirt ever.This place is blah to me. It makes for a good first date but it's $50 for a lane for 1 hour and $8 to rent shoes which is pretty pricey in my opinion. The drinks were expensive as well but the service was great. It's a very nice place though but not that big. Call ahead if you're going so your wait won't be as long.Ok. We totally stopped just because we saw the super cool chess set on the veranda, but we stayed because the atmosphere and service was AMAZE. My friends and I were supposed to be just passing by but we happened upon this spot. We were beckoned in by what turned out to be the bar tender. Super cool guy with a salt and pepper goatee and a killer knack for making drinks. He is not playing around with his craft. I even challenged him to make me a drink, non alcoholic, and it was DELISH. I have no idea what he used but there was ginger beer and fruit juice involved and I was in love. 
The decor is super cute in this place, def isn't your average bowling alley. We didn't try any of the eats, maybe next time, but it all looked yummy. 
I'll be back for sure.I have been to Fulton Alley a few times, but have never bowled (I hate it) so this review is really on the bar experience, which has been superior thus far. The bartender, Chris knows how to make ah-mazing French 75s. Perfectly balanced in every way. I have had $12 and $13 French 75s and for charging $8.25 this one is right up there as far as taste and quality goes. I have also ordered drinks off the cocktail menu and have not been disappointed, but a good French 75 rings close to my heart. 
The space is absolutely beautiful. I love the colors and the lighting is just perfection. 
The staff is gracious, polite and helpful from the front/host desk to the bartenders to the management. I love that someone like me, who hates to bowl with a passion can still come to Fulton Alley and have a five star experience. 
On a side note,  people look at me like I'm a freak show when I say I hate bowling so before you chastise me I just want to point out that the olympics featured bowling in the 1988 summer games and it was such a disastrous display of a sporting event it never appeared again in the olympics. Try to argue with that, I dare you.My friends and I got off of work and came for service industry night. My best friend bought a drink then went to the restroom and slipped on the wet floor, spilling her drink all over the floor. She then went to the bar to inform them about the drink all over the floor ensuring no one else would slip and they were like yea no problem. Then the bartender was like well actually the manager said she heard her the bathroom and she was trying to score a free drink... And that she was cut off and should immediately leave. She had only one drink at this point and was asking to pay for a new one and they again said no and told her to leave. She requested to speak to manager... The manager fed her a line about the service industry and how people are always looking for free drinks. To which she replied... No free drink necessary but why should I have to leave.. Eventually till they brought her a new drink. And finally apologized. This was our first and probably last experience here, on service industry night we get treated poorly by the staff.Great place! So much fun! The staff was incredibly friendly and the food and drinks were delicious!! Would definitely recommend!I has soooo much fun at this place..nice place that is in waking distant from the bowling alley.,,drinks and food is good.. friendly environment and great place to watch the game especially when the bars are crowded.,.. Roll Tide!!!Had much fun last night! We didn't even bowl. 
This was my 2nd visit (this time, for a birthday). It's totally that spot to hang for celebrations or just kickin it with friends. Monday night is Service Industry Night. Drinks are super cheap during happy hour and the music is usually pretty good. 
I really enjoy the chicken wings and deviled eggs. My only problem with this alley is I can never seem to bowl a STRIKE. I think the lanes are RIGGED.. seriously!! 
Parking is a problem in this area, in general. Just park by Riverwalk and prepare to walk a few blocks. Oh, bring socks!