Everything was wonderful--service,food, value. We each had the gumbo which was rich,smoky and delicious. Followed this with generous specialty salads and a boudin that was fried and tastefully spicy. 
The homemade cherry pie and fig ice cream topped off a terrific meal. Our 'small' plate choices were all generously portioned and deliver in a timely, unrushed manner.I recalled going to Gabrielle fifteen or so years ago, and recalled enjoying the duck immensely. The rest of the details were hazy, but I was excited to make a visit to their new spot. I have to say, I was not in the least disappointed, and as a whole, the experience was one of my favorite meals in recent memory.
From the moment we walked in, the aura was incredibly warm. The staff was friendly and inviting, tables talked amongst each other and joked with the staff. The room was nicely appointed, maybe a little loud, but that somehow added to the friendly vibe. Our waitress was an absolute gem, and had a great casual demeanor, was completely knowledgeable on the food and made all feel at home.
In terms of food, each item was beyond expectations. The BBQ shrimp pie consisted of rich, well seasoned BBQ shrimp over a pastry round. The pastry was nicely buttery and flaky, but the BBQ shrimp was some of the best I have eaten. I am tempted to beg them to make me an entree portion of it on my next visit. The warm goat cheese salad (which our waitress described to a T when we ordered it to make sure we were not expecting a bed of greens) was nicely done, with excellent quality ingredients.
For entrees, we had the duck (of course) and the Traiteure Fish. The duck is absolutely all is cracked up to be. Perfectly juicy duck, with the skin cooked to a cracklin topping it, and a brown sauce with peppers and potatoes. As I was eating, I couldn't figure out what it reminded of, but later it dawned on me - it was like a completely elevated Murphy dish. Crisp potatoes with buttery brown sauce foiled by pickled peppers, and the balance was outstanding.
While the duck was expected, just how good the fish turned out to be was not. The cornbread dressing and sauce was velvety and rich, and paired perfectly with the seared fish. All was nicely seasoned and gave a definite punch to the taste buds, but not so much so that the fish was overpowered. This dish is a winner.
Teh peppermint patty looked amazing, but we were far too full at that point for dessert. Next time (and there will be a next time), I will definitely save room for it.My first time here. Love this food. Love this family! (Gabrielle works here, y'all!) Sausage in the gumbo is unreal.Wow, this place was highly recommend to us by our waiter at Mr Ed's. This is a little out of the way place on Orleans Ave. seating is limited and I suggest reservations. Our party of 4 tried 2 Appetizers and 1 Salad. I recommend the Oyster "Pie" check the menu for the right name I had the Lenten Special; a crayfish enchilada some oysters and a piece of Sheepshead Fish. Their Pork Chop with the Smoked Green Apples was more then one person could handle, the rabbit and the duck dishes were also outstanding. Was not planning on dessert but they have home made Banana Ice Cream. The other guests enjoyed Chocolate Chip Brownies with homemade Peppermint Ice Cream and Chocolate Pecan Pie with vanilla ice cream also homemade. Be advised do not judge this place from the outside. The food and especially the service is worth the price.We ended up here on whim after hearing so much buzz about the place reopening. Excellent wine selection, the warm salad was my favorite quickly followed by the duck. The staff and kitchen was nice about my dietary restrictions and accommodating (rare in New Orleans!) and they have chess pie! It's great to have more high end restaurants back in the neighborhood!Great dinner and best drinks! The oyster Gabrielle were the best. My friends enjoyed the soft shell crab and I loved the pork chop-one of the best I've had in the city. It wouldn't be right not to give the bartender some positive feedback. He created a wonderful virgin drink for one friend while I enjoyed the old fashion. The dessert were not the star of the meal except for the lemon pie/cake. It was the best and not tart or too sweet. My only complaint is the limited size of the restaurant- we sat by the kitchen which was busy and rather warm. Try it out!I confess to being underwhelmed by our dinner last night.  Perhaps it was because of high expectations.  First, atmosphere: the dining room is too loud. It's simple, but not unattractive, though the plates are really very simple/low end- I know, you can't eat the china, and we usually don't notice this, but somehow we did here. Also, it was too cold, as many Nola dining rooms are. Our sparking winds from France (serviceable and great price) came in a proper glass, but my red wine did not. Out server Tim was very engaging and for the most part on point. Only one glitch when someone else delivered our meal to the table and no one had even asked if we wanted different wine for that course- had to flag them down to get one.  Food: we split the tan-douile appetizer and were glad we did- it was very tasty ( though very salty)  but very rich. Sadly, it was pretty monochromatic on the plate and not presented very attractively. For mains, I had the rabbit, which was flavorful, though perhaps a bit sweet, and possibly a bit overdone. It came with a side of Stilton fries which were tasty but not crisp. I think the rabbit would have been much better on a bed of puréed parsnip or celeriac or even potato- the fries were filling and dressed down the dish. Again, no color on this plate, so bland in appearance. Hubby had the fish traiteur, drum, and it was appropriately seasoned, again just slightly over cooked, and monochrome. The merliton was tasty.  Split the peppermint patty dessert- again, just ok. 
Hate to be this critical, but it just seems like the whole experience here needs to change slightly because it feels like a place that really wants to give you a got experience, and the combinations and tastes are creative and interesting.We had great memories of Gabrielle before the storm so it seemed perfect for a wedding anniversary. And it was. Real old school daiquiri, oysters Gabbby, Tandouille Boudin, which is much more than a corn dog, as one reviewer said, it's pure pork deliciousness, boudin stuffed with andouille and tasso, fried in a panko crust with a creole mustard sauce. Amazing. My wife had the filet which I sadly didn't get a chance to taste but she swore was melt in your mouth and cooked perfectly. I got the traiteur fish which came perfectly seared on a bed of crawfish cornbread dressing that I must admit was even better than my own. Blueberry pie a la mode which sounds simple and I wasn't expecting much but damn if I didn't devour more than my half. The wife had to roll me to the car afterwards. I've been raving about it ever since. So glad they're back. And we will be soon.Ponce de lapin is A+ and the tandouille boudin is amazing as well. Glad to have this place back up.I was really looking forward to going to Gabrielle because my dear friends (locals) had recommended it very highly. If it was just me and my gal I would gotten up and walked out when I asked our server (an older bespectacled man) "what's GREAT on the menu?" to which he replied "the food". When I ask a server for their recommendation I wanna hear some passion about SOMETHING, not some snarky disinterested reply like this. Our party of seven had a few passed appetizers which I can't even remember four days later (because of all the great meals we ate before and after Gabrielle) and then the main courses came. I hear Gabrielle is known for their roast duck. Well, I'll put Frank Brightsen's (Brightsen's restaurant, New Orleans) roast duck up against ANYBODY's and when we started digging in, the amount of salt added to the dish made it inedible. We struggled through a few more bites and just couldn't go on. We informed our waiter of such and he asked if we wanted anything else (thanks at least for that!). We declined since everyone else was about done with dinner and moved on to dessert. The desserts were amazing and by far the highlight of the meal. Another server came over (this time a female) and inquired about our meal. I asked what her favorite thing to eat was and she replied "the duck!". I told her we ordered the duck and she asked how we liked it. I told her it was over-salted and that we couldn't eat it, to which she replied "where are you from?" to which I replied "Oregon" and she replied "we like salty here in Louisiana". Mic drop. When the bill came i had hoped the duck would have been scratched from the bill but NO. So with that "customer service" gesture coupled with the snarky comments from the wait staff that told me that they didn't give a damn about my experience and that since I was from the west coast I likely wouldn't be back anytime soon anyway. Well, I shared with a friend who serves in other (fine) restaurants in New Orleans and she suggested I YELP about my experience, which is what I'm doing. I know many folks love their meals at Gabrielle, but I won't be back, far too many other great eateries in the my favorite food city in the world!The food was excellent and the staff was great. We will definitely come back here again when we visit New Orleans!!! Try the tan douille boudin, great appetizer!This place has the BEST service! The nicest hostess and Waite staff! They were so accommodating! The Sazerac was perfect!Top notch cocktails, DELICIOUS food, wonderful service and a warm, welcoming ambience. Gabrielle is the whole package. Had the she crab bisque to start which was perfect and the special which was the trifecta of seafood deliciousness. Waiter was very knowledgeable and gave great suggestions. Price point is very reasonable. Will recommend to everyone!The food at Gabrielle is fantastic. It's the level of deliciousness where you take half a bite, make a noise, and then tell everyone at the table that they HAVE to try it. The breaded boudin is incredible. The chocolate pecan pie is excellent. The peppermint patty is amazing. People loved the traiteur fish and the rabbit special. Service is extremely professional and knowledgeable. The decor is a little bit plain but when the food's this good, no one cares.Excellent meal with a unique, creative menu that was delicious. The service was attentive and very friendly. The atmosphere is fun and lively! We will go back for more!We had a spectacular meal here during a four-day stay in the French Quarter. It's a bit of a trek, but we'll worth it -- the food was to die for, and Julie, our server, made us feel right at home. The food didn't disappoint either -- we shared the rabbit, crab-stuffed whole fish, BBQ shrimp pie, and pecan pie with banana ice cream. It was easily the best dinner of our short vacation.Hallelujah! Greg and Mary Sonnier's Gabrielle has returned!! Enjoyed a fabulous dinner there last night. For an appetizer, I had the Ponce de Lapin (course ground rabbit, duck liver & grain stuffed rabbit belly with rusty gravy)--wonderful complex blending of seasonings and textures. A bit on the spicy side (a sweat broke out on the top of my head) which, if I understood the server correctly, was provided by the mustard in it, not some sort of pepper. Someone else at the table also got it and thought the rabbit meat was a little on the dry side (perhaps theirs was cooked a second or two too long), but mine was fine.
My main course was the Slow Roasted Duck (crimini mushrooms, roasted red peppers, & orange-sherry sauce) which I asked for over rice (instead of shoestring potatoes) and which the kitchen obliged. Simply delicious. Frankly, I think it should always be served over rice--I didn't leave a single grain. Again, it featured a sublime combination of seasonings that separates the best of chefs from the mere also-rans. Duck meat was tender and juicy and twas a good-sized portion. The bread that kept reappearing on the table was used to sop up every last bit of the incredible sauce.
Dessert was the Peppermint Patty (flourless chocolate cake + peppermint ice cream)--YUM!
Everyone else in our party of 12 gave thumbs up to everything they ordered as well. We had the Malbec--lovely and nicely priced. (Others seemed to enjoy their cocktails as well.) Impeccable service and reasonable prices make this place a winner...again! Kudos to the Sonniers for taking a chance in this off-the-beaten path neighborhood (tho only a block from the legendary Dookie Chase's)--may Gabrielle flourish there for many years to come!!Another great meal.
The BBQ shrimp pie with sweet potato stuffing was as delicious as ever. 
And if my mouth was on fire and the top of my head started to sweat after biting into the cheese-filled (jalapeno?) pepper on top of my pork chop, I had no one to blame but myself as I had been warned by the server that it would be HOT!
Other than that pepper, the Pork Chop with Smoked Green Apples, smashed potatoes and green yummy things was amazing, one of the best meals I've had. I don't know what was in the smashed potatoes but they were delicious and I'm not usually a big potato fan.
Had a taste of my companion's turkey & pasta and look forward to getting that next timeGreat place. Delicious food.  My Rabbit entree was delicious. Both fish dishes very nice. Steak and frites tender and delicious. BBQ shrimp pie app they're known for was too much nutmeg and tasted like thanksgiving on steroids. Crab bisque was good but a little too fishy and not rich enough for me. Peppermint pie dessert was yummy and apple upside down bread pudding was different and really good. Service was great. Was very packed and very loud.BBQ shrimp pie and pork chop all the way!  Great wine selection and cocktails! Highly recommend!Totally disappointed. Early customer (around 6 pm) Ordered the pork chop. It was a thick cut and looked great. But it was totally uncooked inside. Waiter apologizes and says the oven was not sufficiently heated since it was still early. No offer to take the price off the bill or to replace the dish. Very unfortunate. Nice evening spoiled. Won't be returning.I went today with 8 friends for lunch. The grilled shrimp salad with cucumber, avocado, and pistachio nut garnish was divine. I don't remember the dressing, but it was delicious. About half the table ordered this same salad. We were all happy. We got three desserts to share. I liked the lemon chess pie best. It had a strong tangy lemony taste that I thought was wonderful. The peppermint patti with the brownie with chocolate chunks and peppermint ice cream was pretty good too. The service was very attentive and friendly. I would not hesitate to return, but next time I might want to try dinner. The Sonniers have another winner.I didn't set out to become a gumbo junkie, but during nine days in New Orleans and Lafayette, I enjoyed 11 bowls of gumbo. All were outstanding and I would order each of them again. But the best of the lot was found at Gabrielle.
The dark chocolate brown broth, obviously developed from a dark roux, packed a lot of flavor that was enhanced by smoked quail and homemade sausage. It was wonderful.
My dining partner had the barbecued shrimp appetizer and said it was also very good. The shrimp was placed on top of a sweet potato puree and a tart shell.
I had that night's special, a yellowtail served with a crawfish dressing and a spicy cheese sauce. It was one of the best fish dishes I have ever tasted. 
Service was attentive and warm. Gabrielle, who was a child when her parents started the restaurant before Katrina, ran the front of the house and greeted us when we walked in. Our waiter was very friendly and gave us excellent service. 
I was drawn to Gabrielle after reading a story from the Times-Picayune, the New Orleans newspaper. It recounted how the Sonnier family lost the original restaurant in Katrina and just reopened in a new location on Orleans Avenue last fall.
"It's a blast back to a not-so-long ago past, when just about every restaurant in town began as a DIY start-up, making dinner out feel something like Thanksgiving at your cousins', only with killer food," Brett Anderson wrote in the story.
I rearranged my dining schedule to add Gabrielle to our dinner list. I'm so glad we went there. It was wonderful.
We also enjoyed meals at two legendary restaurants only a couple of blocks away from Gabrielle: Dooky Chase's and Willie Mae's Scotch House. All three were excellent.The cuisine at Gabrielle reminds me of traditional Cajun food, wrapped in passion, nouveau cuisine, and true family love. Gabrielle's current location is on Orleans Avenue. She once Grace's the oaks on Esplanade Avenue, but, Hurricane Katrina doused her fire. For almost a decade, Chefs Greg & Mary Sonnier searched for the right location. Well, they hit pay dirt on Mid City's Orleans Avenue. 
Once somewhat of a sketchy neighborhood, it is slowly being gentrified and growing into one of the hot spots in New Orleans. The Sonniers were souls chefs with Chef Paul Prudhomme of Commander's Palace. The sultry mixture of Cajun, creole, and plain old New Orleans food resonates in the fate at Gabrielle. 
The restaurant is named after the Sonnier's older daughter, affectionately called Gabie (pronounced, "gah-bee"). Gabie, her sister GiGi, and their parents have carved out an intimate, yet festive bistro in the heart of the historic Mid City. 
Their offerings are few, but completely perfect in every way. The Warm Goat Cheese Salad, the Braised Rabbit Leg, New Orleans style She Crab Bisque, & the fig ice cream are just a few of the Sonnier's fare. Gabrielle's signature cocktails, like the Lafitte Greenway & the Orleans Avenue Sazerac, are crafted to particularly compliment the mouth watering food. 
I highly recommend Gabrielle as a bistro for an intimate date night, a small festive occasion, or even a last minute sneak away from the hustle & bustle of the French Quarter. Gabrielle is certainly a top 5 New Orleans restaurant. And, top 5 is pretty good when you rate New Orleans restaurants. The food in New Orleans is truly like no other. 
Trés Bien, Gabrielle, et Merci!I'm not from here but I've lived here long enough to know there's a lot of bullshit in this town. There's local bullshit and imported bullshit. This place doesn't have anything to do with any of that. There's places you hear about that were around before the storm but "Ain't Dere No More." Uglesich's. Jazz Clubs on Rampart St. The kinds of places that were around before food and drink, culture and experiences became commodities to be fetishised. This is that kind of place. The food is rich and home-made/ hand-made. I had the stuffed fish and gumbo and both were excellent. I tasted the duck and she-crab and the steak they were all made with care. Gabrielle's is a good neighbor and fits right in with nearby Dooky Chase, Willie Mae's, and Crescent City Steakhouse. I dined with my wife and 4 of our closest friends, one born and raised New Orleanian and the rest of us luckily transplanted long enough to hopefully know better. None of us could be considered food fetishists. We all have been lucky enough to experience honest, authentic, good food in this city which shouldn't be as difficult as it sometimes seems to be. Everyone was very happy with their meals and the service. I also enjoyed an unpretentious daiquiri. You wouldn't believe the effort it takes to make a daiquiri pretentious. You could make entire blogs and radio shows about it. The wine selection is a good balance, fairly priced and more than one Oregon Pinot featured which is a pleasant surprise. Prices were more than fair given the talent and care they put into the final product. This is my new favorite neighborhood restaurant.We had a most delicious dining time at Gabrielle while we were in town for Jazz Fest 2019 first weekend.  We were had Saturnday evening reservations, a party of four.  Our server Kathryn was excellent.  We ordered the duck pate on the special menu and it was just what we needed to start our repast.  My entree was the Traiteur Fish which was also on the special menu and it was superb.  The wine selection for the evening was the Sainte Eulalie Red (oolala!).  We finished with dessert, the creme brulee.  We would have returned to dine again here the next day but they are closed on Sunday. This is how much we adore this establishment.  We will return!Our group's first visit to Gabrielle was good, but regrettably not a five star event.  
This is a smaller restaurant with close set tables.  The noise level is really high making it difficult to even hear the nightly specials.
We started our evening with cocktails.   The bartender was nice, but he is no mixologist.  Safe to stick with wines.  Manhattans and cosmos were definitely not in his repertoire.
Our server was very attentive and the dishes were served fairly quickly.
Appetizers were excellent.  BBQ Shrimp Pie was delicious, especially the sauce.  The Tan-douille Boudin was fantastic, full of flavor.
There is just a short list of entree's offered here.   The Traiteur Fish was drum served over a delicious crab cake.  The aoli sauce was overly bitter and we thought the dish would have been better without it.
A special that night was a nice Soft Shell Crab served with lump crabmeat.  It was good.  Also tried the Steak and the Duck.
This is good restaurant that we will try again.first of all, great service. The oysters so rich and so creamy on the inside ...wow. The steak very tender , okra and mashed potatoes come together well. Peppermint patti with homemade ice cream to finish it off, nice . Well doneThird (or 4th) time here, third (or 4th) fabulous meal!
This time had the Oyster Gabie appetizer--delicious!--and the rabbit entree--marvelous! I wanted a li'l something more than the french fries that came with it, so ordered the boudin appetizer as a side and it was perfect!
Pumpkin cheesecake was yummy; my friend's bread pudding was even yummier!
Service, atmosphere--all top-notch. This place is an absolute gem!!For review 2100, I knew I wanted it to be special and what's more special than a place I got to try for my birthday?
I was so excited about eating at Gabrielle. I hadn't been fortunate enough to dine here when it was open pre-Katrina, so I was determined to visit for a special occasion, especially after I had heard to many raves about the place.
I made my reservations a month in advance and mentioned that I was going to be celebrating my birthday. When I arrived, I was seated immediately at a table that was decorated with a "Happy Birthday" streamer and some confetti. I love special touches and I was already excited about this experience. I had looked over the menu ahead of time, so I already knew what I was getting.
She-crab bisque- This bisque was delicious without being too thick and filing. There were huge pieces of crab in it and the bisque itself was creamy, smooth and full of flavor. This was a perfect starter.
Traiteur Fish- This was a seared fish filet served on top of a crab cake with preserved lemon and chili aoli. It doesn't get much better than that! The fish was cooked and seasoned perfectly and was nice and light. The crab cake was pure crab meat and very filling. It was a nice balance with the lightness of the fish.
Chocolate Pecan Pie- I am a huge fan of any kind of pecan pie and Gabrielle's chocolate pecan pie knocked it out of the park. The pie is made in-house and I ordered mine served with vanilla ice cream on the side, for good measure. What I really like about the pie is that you can actually taste the chocolate in it. Talk about decadent! Since it was my birthday, they put a candle in it and decorated the pie plate. I was also served a complimentary glass of champagne, which I thought was a super nice touch and made me feel really special.
Our waiter for the evening was Victor and he was great! You can tell that he really knows his stuff and that he wants to make your meal as special as possible. He really did his part to make my birthday evening feel special. If you can, sit in Victor's section and he'll take good care of you. 
I love the ambiance at Gabrielle. It's a neighborhood place and it's small without feeling like tables are crammed into a space in which they don't fit. The restaurant has a cozy feel, as if you're dining in a far away cafe somewhere. Although we were here on a slow night, because a Saints game was on, I was happy that I made reservations ahead of time.
I will absolutely go back to Gabrielle, and now that they are serving lunch on Friday's, I'm going to have to add them to my lunch rotation.Everything was delicious and cooked perfect. Plus great service! Great specialty cocktails and several wines by the glass.Coolinary Menu
I was meeting a friend for dinner. I arrived in time for happy hour and was able to secure their bottle of wine special. It was a delightful and effervescent white wine from Portugal obtained for a very reasonable price. My friend and I both decided to try items off the Coolinary menu. I had the scalloped wrapped in duck bacon. It was rich and just the right portion size. My friend had the feta and water melon salad with duck wings. It was very refreshing and ample enough to share. My main course was the Cajun Traiteur Fish which was brim on top of a crab cake with a preserved lemon-chili aoli. It was delicious and large enough to take home leftovers for lunch the next day. She had the Nova Scotia Jambalaya containing lobster, langoustine, shrimp, trinity vegetables, Acadian rice and okra tomato sauce which she was very pleased with. For desert I had the Peach Shortcake; and, I cannot say enough nice things about. It was the perfect ending to a summer dinner. My friend had the Apple Upside Down Bread Pudding that she thoroughly enjoyed as well. Our waiter was an absolute delight. We both agreed we shall return in the future.Loved every bite. I really want to give this place a 4.8 due to the noise level and the speed and which we were served. Would have liked a bit more time between appetizer and entree. We started at 8:30 and were done with main course by 9:05. 
But it's just too yummy to give it a 4, so had to go with 5.
The bbq shrimp pie was sublime with a great kick in the sauce. The Traiteur Fish with crawfish cornbread was decadently delicious, but i thought a bit too much of the cheese mousse was slathered on. My husband enjoyed his steak very, especially good were the potatoes. 
If you can deal with noise, get there now.Wonderful New Orleans style restaurant. Nice staff, good food and in a central location that is easy to get to .Excellent food and impeccable service. 
The Nova Scotia Jambalaya is a must. 
Parking isn't the greatest but the overall experience was very satisfying. 
I want to go back right now...I'm very excited to say that I have worked my way through the entire menu at Gabrielle and I have found nothing disappointing. In fact all of the food is so rich and amazing that I'm in a constant state of wonder by what comes out of that kitchen. Although the dining room is on the small side and can be crowded during busy periods it is really nice to see a lively and sometimes loud New Orleans restaurant thriving in a neighborhood that is still very much a real New Orleans neighborhood. Having been fortunate enough to see the kitchen, I know that they operate on a very small scale and that's the chef himself is there every single night. 
I highly recommend the duck as it is everyone's favorite, but make sure you work your way around the menu as even the lowly turkey is a glorious dish at the chef's hands. The desserts are also remarkable. If you happen to be there on a night when they're featuring cake by the slice, make sure to get it. It's super decadent and you won't regret it.This place is an oh wow. Duck and andouille gumbo was a bit smokey for my taste but worked perfectly well. Slow cooked duck with crispy skin over crispy potatoes was a wonder. Pumpkin cheesecake with fig ice cream was heavenly. Moderately sized wine list with good variety and prices (try the Minervois). Our server, Nelson, was charming and knowledgeable. We would recommend Gabrielle to any visitor to New Orleans.I can't believe I didn't try this place earlier. I feel like a fool.  Victor I think his name is - the bartender - is AMAZING.  So many good stories and really made the experience.  Ask for him when you show up.  He makes the drinks extra strong and is so accommodating.  I had the gumbo and it was fantastic.  Tim my waiter was adorable.  I think this is my fav new regular spot.Gabrielle's saved the day when some friends and I came to NOLA for a bachelorette party and the NOLA fest was going on. Everywhere near the french quarters and bourbon street were packed,crowded and long lines. Driving a car WAS NOT possible. We had gone to two other places nearby, which one place Dooky Chase only took reservations (smdh), and a place a local referred us to-Willie Mae's closed @ 5. Smh. So we were getting a little exasperated. Had come all the Way to New Orleans for good food and couldn't get-a-bite! But, I digress.
We were quickly seated, quite a few people but not crowded (THANK GOD).  We ordered the smoked quail and jalapeno sausage gumbo and the grilled barbecue shrimp pie, which were both delish. Also tried one of their recommended cabs which was quite pleasant as well.
So THANK YOU Gabrielle's for saving the day!Beautiful atmosphere, warm lighting. Bartender was very friendly and the drink ("Bad Gris-Gris") was fantastic. The rabbit appetizer and entree were both wonderful and went well with the drink choice - would definitely stop in again. The duck is famous and I have no doubt everything on the menu is worth the price.Food was average. Fish dishes were not impressive. Duck was ok. Desserts were good. Service was terrible. Didn't think we'd ever get out.Had a fantastic meal and experience here. Marsh and Gabby were great hosts. We greatly enjoyed chatting with Marsh about scotch. He's very knowledgeable about his whiskey. We will definitely be back to this gem.Terrific night at Gabrielle's! Food, drinks, service ... all excellent. Friendly staff ... definitely recommended.Gave this place a try for COOLinary and generally enjoyed it. Service was a little slow - from getting seated to ordering drinks but can be forgiven since it's a slow month and I doubt they're at full capacity. I had the duck blind scallop which was really good although I didn't care for the grits. My girlfriend had the crimson tide watermelon salad which was quite pleasant and the fried duck/chicken wings contrasted nicely with the cool watermelon. I had the nova scotia jambalaya for my main entree which was again pretty good - the lobster and shrimp were great but there was a certain spice to it I couldn't place and didn't care for. Also not sure why okra was in it. My girlfriend had the fish and the crabcake/sauce it came with were phenomenal. Finally for dessert I had the shoot for the moon pie and bourbon milk punch but it looks like they ran out of moon pies and it came with a mediocre chocolate chip cookie. The punch was pretty good and hid the bourbon well. My girlfriend did the apple upside down bread pudding and that was phenomenal - a really great take on a classic american dessert. We had the JeniSu and Marie's Favorite cocktails which were very good. Overall solid location and a lot of the main menu looks great - definitely some gems and even the lesser dishes are still pretty good. I'll be sure to visit again (and hopefully when someone else picks up the bill).Little did we know that on the night that Anthony Bourdain leaves this world, we are sitting in a glorious restaurant doing exactly what he would do.   Eat Drink and Be Merry.
    kudos to this institution.
We shall begin with drinks.    The fabulous bartender "Victor" made us "Oops I did it again" which didn't disappoint, rather it set the tone for a fun evening.    Good Scotch, Sazerac, and Pinot Noir.
     We had six of us, and therefore ordered all seven of the appetizers, cause when this group goes out, we try everything, and share everything.   This is how dining should be.    I particularly LOVED the she crab bisque, Oysters Gabby, Ponce de Lapin, Boudin, OMG just morsels of goodness shared by all.  Crawfish enchiladas too....   Quail Gumbo -   yes indeed.     followed by creole tomato salads with a vinigrette.     From there we pretty much ordered all the entrees too.   I had the Steak, with brabant potatoes....  and smashed ones too, green beans.  it was yummy, but my man had the rabbit with stilton fries,   ponce de lapin / appetizer still running through my head....   Traituer Fish was wonderful with a great cornbread dressing with some heat on it.   The Duck was heavenly, and so were the desserts.   we had Lemon Chess cake, blueberry pie for two, and Creme Brulee.    all in all this was one of the great meals I have shared with friends in this town.   
    The Waitstaff is attentive, helpful, engaging, and fun.    Everyone here walked away feeling full, and happy.   I look forward to bringing all my out of town guests to this great restaurant.   Thank you All for bringing us a wonderful evening.   
my new fave place to eat.
and like anthony bourdain would say, bone appetit.Great spot nestled in New Orleans. I went on a Friday evening and it was filled but quiet and cozy. My overall impression is that the food is rich with flavor.
The gumbo is heavy rich broth that hits the spot. The fish and crab cake were fresh and cooked on point. At this point I could have stopped but went for dessert. I added a scoop of vanilla to the bread pudding and soon into it realized this was definitely a dessert for two. I ate as much as I could of the fluffy bread pudding but had to calm it a night about halfway in.Very cool old-school New Orleans joint. From the outside it looks like a low-key streetside restaurant, from the inside it feels like like sitting down in the breakfast nook in a Victorian house.
Not too crowded (a plus for me) with some really tasty items on their menu. The roast duck over fries is absolutely incredible.I will marry the chef. The food was delightful. The dessert fell short compared to the appetizers and entrees. The ambiance is of a fine dining restaurant. The servers, hostess, bartender and owner are friendly, professional and welcoming. This is a gem. I had the She Crab Bisque. It was the best bisque I have every had. The crab meat was fresh and tasty. The BBQ shrimp pie was a perfect balance of sweet and savory. The RABBIT was the best rabbit I have ever had. It was also my first rabbit dish. The meat was tender. The sauce was a beautiful flavor complement to the dish. This is my new favorite restaurant in the city. Me sure you have a reservation.I've never written a Yelp review, but I have literally gone through the trouble of downloading the app, and setting up an account to express my displeasure with the food (not service) at this restaurant.
Went to Gabrielle's for New Orleans Coolinary Restaurant Month. Started with the fennel sausage and rabbit gumbo and duck enchilada- enchilada was lukewarm and gumbo was burned. There was nothing to the gumbo except broth, and it tasted like it was taken from the bottom of the pot.
Entrees were the crab almondine and boeuf etouffee. The crab almondine was incredibly bland; the beef in the beef etouffee was tough and stringy, and the dish literally tasted like tough steak added to super salty Rice a Roni. 
Finally, dessert was peppermint patti and peach Melba short cake. The peppermint patti was ok, except the ice cream was icy, and not creamy; the peach short cake was literally stale shortbread, a dollop of cream, and a raw peach, cut up. Like something that I could put together in my house on a Tuesday night.
I kept eating, hoping that the next course would be better than the last, and becoming more shocked and disappointed as time went on. At a certain price point, there's an expectation that the food you purchase would be better than what you could make in 15 minutes at home; sadly this was not my experience at Gabrielle's in the least. Again, the service was fine, but I'm still trying to wrap my head around what I just experienced food-wise. Utterly disappointed :/An absolutely divine evening! This discreet, unassuming restaurant is a gem! The ambiance is perfect and I love the small size of the restaurant. Had dinner with 3 friends and everything we had was remarkable. We always share, so we basically create our own tasting menu. Appetizers included: Barbecue Shrimp Pie, Duck Pate & Bacon Wrapped Scallop & Beet Salad. Entrees were: Traiteur Fish, Steak Vert, Duck & Veal with Mushrooms. Every plate was empty! The dishes may seem rich because of the sauces, but they are worth it! And it was a one night, special occasion with a friend who was in from out of town. Would definitely recommend, and will probably visit Gabrielle again soon!Not worth the price or neighborhood. Atmosphere was odd, stained chairs and 80s hits. Service adequate, food good but not spectacular. At this price point, they really need to step it up if they want folks to overlook the sketch neighborhood. Not terrible by any means but ultimately very disappointing for the price, wish we'd chosen somewhere else to take friends from out of town.High expectations but a bit underwhelmed. Off the beaten path (no problem) but ridiculously loud (obnoxiously so). Service is friendly, and good. Food is good but limited options.  Portions are generous. Recommended but seriously it's not as good as touted.We have followed Greg since the beginning and he is truly back "home" with his own place.  I will skip the menu dissection and simply say the food is absolutely superb.  Don't let the location dissuade you as it is worth the trip.  After 50 years of eating my way thru New Orleans many times over I can honestly say Greg is one of, if not the best chef New Orleans has to offer.  P.S. Try his duck!Let's keep this short and sweet. If my memory serves, this was the best complete meal I have had in my life. That's it. That's the review.Ok. This is serious. Goat cheese salad is the best salad you will ever eat. Sun dried tomatoes and world class olive oil. OMG. Wait:  the crawfish enchiladas appetizer are a major improvement on Prejean's original.  They inventeded it and Gabrielle took it over the moon!  The fresh fish was speckled trout tonight. Not "trout", not "fresh fish"!  It was the real deal - caught on a rod and reel. No net, no commercial fish, no yesterday fish- unbelievable!!!!  My duck was superb-of course!  We took home leftovers of both!  We ended with the lemon pie and Louisiana strawberry shortcake. The pie was to die for!  The shortcake was warm!!!  With creamy mounds of whipped cream covering each!!  Wow!  Great wines and a first class Sazerac to compliment a wonderful dinner. It was a memorable meal. We can't wait to go back. Lots of other choices!Pandemic review
Gabrielle's is doing low contact takeout Friday through Sunday. AND they are offering a coolinary special for the month of August (maybe into mid September). Online ordering from their website with no contact payment. And you set your pickup time. Super easy.
I picked up 2 three course coolinary dinners last night for me and mom. Not only was it delicious but there was so much food, we both have leftovers for today!
As always their crab bisque is stunning and my mom was surprised at how large the Cobb salad was. She loved the dressing.
The entrees we chose were the grilled gulf fish, with a crabcake and the BBQ shrimp pasta. Wow they were both delicious. Mom was raving about the amount of crab was in the crabcake.
Finally we had the peaches and cream and chocolate pecan pie for dessert. I thought I wasn't a fan of shortbread cookies, clearly I just had poor versions; paired with fresh peaches and Creole cream cheese, perfection! The pie was rich and decadent. Perfect end to the meal.
Pickup is easy on the side of the restaurant at what looks like a snowball stand window, just ring the doorbell. And I love that everything was packaged beautifully and that all dishes did well as takeout.We decided to try this restaurant for coolinary month and it was very good! If you are driving down Orleans Ave., you may write it off but let me be the first to tell you it is a good place to dine. Don't pass it up. Try it!
We had the pan seared scallops wrapped in duck bacon and meatballs 3 ways as an appetizers . My mouth is watering thinking about it. They were all cooked perfectly and flavorful! For dinner we had the seafood jambalaya and a baked white fish with a crab cake. We also enjoyed that. For dessert we had the chocolate pecan pie? Bread pudding, and peach shortcake. The bread pudding was perfect! It was flavorful, moist (not soggy) and a good portion size. The shortcake however was a busy. It tasted like wet white bread with peaches on top. I wouldn't recommend it. 
The restaurant is moderately priced about $34 per entree regularly. 
The waiter was great. Overall a very enjoyable experience.I love Gabrielle! We live two blocks away which is super convenient. The food is great we have had the bbq shrimp pie, gumbo, and rabbit. They have an awesome two for one happy hour. Vincent is the best bartender!!! So sad we can't enjoy during this time. But we were in luck! 
Currently they have a duck special going from Friday-Sunday. We got the duck wings... and omg. Imagine mandarin chicken but on duck wings! Soooooo good. you get 5 wings per order and it's enough for a great lunch. They also have 1/2 roasted duck with a side for only $27!! Please check it out and support a classic New Orleans restaurant.The restaurant was fancier than expected with half of the men wearing coats, but that level of dress was by no means necessary. The oysters gabie and BBQ shrimp pie were especially delicious, and the gumbo was a great main dish as well. The apple upside-down bread pudding topped it off to finish an awesome meal.Wow! We've eaten all over New Orleans for many years now and were totally blown away by our meal at Gabrielle last night. We had been once before (the weekend before COVID restrictions were first implemented) and it was good but last night was a whole different level. Cocktails we're on point. The BBQ shrimp pie is such a special, unique dish which we started with. Next, we shared the gumbo which was so rich and decadent - best gumbo in the city! For entrees, I had the seafood Cassoulet and my husband had the bass with a crab cake - both were so fresh and perfectly cooked. We even squeezed in a piece of the apple bread pudding for dessert, another home run! We left full and happy  Go here people!Disappointed, went as our last dinner in town. Early diners at 6:30, very attentive service initially and settled in for a nice dinner. She crab soup was excellent, boudin appetizer less so ( spicy sausage fried in a crust like a dapper corn dog sitting in creole mustard).  Had the duck found it dry and bland. Bread pudding was good. Major problem was noise, as more customers arrived got very loud, punctuated by loud phone ringing. Service deteriorated and had a long wait for the check.Nice one Kevin!  
Today is Tuesday.  Gabrielle's website says closed at 9. 
Where can we review you?Did take out tonight. Food was excellent. Wish we felt comfortable inside. Soon we hope.So happy to see gabrielle's back in business. Still does not get the visibility it deserves but it is definitely worth venturing out of the Quarter. Great food, great service, and small but very nice wine list. It's as if they never missed a beat since the old location on Esplanade.Y'all. I've eaten A LOT in New Orleans. We live 2 hours away and come multiple times a year just to eat out at every meal. This place was, hands down, the best meal we've had in NOLA. What a gem of a place! We had the special oysters on the half shell, the gumbo (best I've ever had and I've won literal cookoffs), crab and lobster bisque, beet salad, ny strip and the upside down apple bread pudding with homemade banana ice cream a la mode. Got a surprise warm fresh backed cookie at the end. It was so good I wanted to come back the next day.Ah!  What a dinner.  I went here with a bunch of friends for a celebratory dinner before a Carnival Ball.   It was close, it was highly recommended, I'd read a great article about them and their story of reopening up post Katrina. Everything seemed perfect.  I guess what we weren't actually prepared for was the actual perfection of the experience itself.  From the cozy dining room, the great service, amazing drinks and divine food...Gabrielle was just a wonderfully delightful treat and I honestly can't wait to get back.  I think everyone at our table was thrilled with their entrees.  I had the oysters Gabrielle because I can't resist an oyster and their signature rabbit.  Both were outstanding.  Two friends had cups of gumbo and I was vaguely embarrassed by how much bowl scraping went on.  Clearly, no one wanted to miss a single drop of that gumbo.  While my rabbit was tender and delicious, my friend had some duck fat potatoes with her steak that made my heart sing. I might switch over to steak next visit.  Another friend had a ginormous portion of glorious seasoned duck...which he proclaimed to be the best he'd ever had. I kinda had to agree.  Another friend had a broiled fish and crab cake combo that looked amazing.  The crab cake was huge and even from across the table I could spot the generous chunks of crab meat.  Only my tragic shellfish allergies kept me from diving in.  All in all, a delightful time was had. From cocktails on...Gabrielle's was a hit.  Next time I'm saving room for dessert. Either way, I'll be back.My wife and I have been with Greg since the start of his cooking career.  Dinner last week was, as usual, superb.  The chicken liver pate is wonderfully rich and easily shared as is the goat chese salad with sun dried tomatoes.  We still believe his duck dish, served on either dirty rice or shoe string potatoes, is simply remarkable.  Come hungry and waddle out totally pleased.  The restaurant is in the Treme but worth every moment of a quick cab ride from the Quarter/CBD.The food was outstanding!!! Everything we ordered was delicious and cooked to perfection! My boyfriend said the crawfish bisque here was one of the best he's ever had! For appetizers we also ordered the oysters, BBQ shrimp pie, and warm goat cheese salad. For entrees we ordered the veal with lump crab and brie, and fresh fish (striped bass) with crawfish enchilada. Desserts were creme brulee and lemon chess pie! It was a lovely Mother's day dinner! Can't wait to return to this Treme neighborhood gem!Place was crowded as folks were eagerly anticipating the reopening of a much adored restaurant that closed many years ago.  Not much atmosphere as it was evident that the investment was done on the cheap.  That's ok usually as the food in places like this in New Orleans is what we come for. I need to mention that it's on the loud side.  
We shared the oyster app and the shrimp and sweet potato app.  Didn't care for either.  The oyster dish was runny and the shrimp dish too sweet.  Of the 2, for me the shrimp was better, but would not order either again.  She crab soup was good with a nice peppery broth. Had the stuffed fish for the entreé.  Glob on a plate.  Mushy tarragon laced crab stuffing with a thick sauce that ruined the fish.  I wanted the duck but they ran out as they had a number of other items.  Dessert was great (peppermint ice cream and chocolate cake).  White wine came out way too cold, evidence that  wine storage might not be proper.  Wine prices were reasonable.
Waiter was kind, but got confused as to where we were in the meal.  He was very busy and there was a lag time between courses.  We were having good conversation in spite of the noise so that didn't bother us.  
They really need to work on the food or it won't make it.  There were friends at another table of 8 coming away with the same impression.  They gave the restaurant 1/2 bean review.  There have been so many great restaurants that have opened since Gabrielle closed years ago that maybe we've been spoiled and our tastes are more refined, or just possibly our culinary memories have faded.
Updated 11/17/17: just read review by Victor.  Our waiter's name was Victor and that sure looks like his photo.Came here with a friend for Coolinary. The Coolinary menu though does not serve justice to this hidden gem. Only locals know about Gabrielle and there is a certain level of New Orleans society that frequents here. The food is all superb. The service and food quality doesnt match the laid back non-white table cloth feel of the place. Eating at Gabrielle is an experience reserved for special occasions unless you are a member of the NOLA elite.Chef Greg and his Team at Gabrielle are amazing! There food is bad ass Cajun w plenty of smoked goodies! All the sausages are made there and you can tell and that Qual gumbo is amazing! A stable every time I will return back to NOLA!
Stephen 
NYSuch a lovely and warm dining experience.  Such a cute and quaint spot perfect for date nights.  I got a chance to dive in on Valentine's Day  and really enjoyed the excellent meal that was created was delicious. The service very friendly and great with suggestions. 
The restaurant is currently abiding and enforcing covid guidelines 
The atmosphere is definitely very chill.  
I will go back for more!This restaurant was good but not great. The food was delicious but overpriced and the service was odd given how empty the restaurant was for lunch. The prices especially for lunch were pretty high. For two entrees and appetizer it was a $50 meal. The menu was also pretty limited for lunch with very few entree choices under $20. 
We were seated immediately because there was only one other couple in the restaurant. Our waitress was helpful and assisted us with our choices. We ended up ordering the boudin, the duck tamale, and the burger. She brought out our appetizer and then brought bread to two other tables but didn't bring us our bread until we asked which seemed odd. 
Food reviews: 
-The boudin was incredibly fresh and seasoned well. I recommend starting with this. It was a great dish to share. 
-the burger: the burger was extremely juicy and delicious. I wasn't expecting much but it definitely exceeded my expectations. However, I felt like they could've made the burger a little more special and made it more their own special burger rather than just a cheese burger. 
-duck tamale: this was delicious with pulled duck that tasted great. However, the rice portion with it was really small. 
Overall, while the food was delicious I feel like there are better places in NOLA for a cheaper price.We ordered the Whole Ducking Menu for $50. Everything was delicious and since the duck menu runs through the month of July, I think we will most likely get it again. The duck wings and the duck have 2 great sauces and the duck is moist and tender. The duck mousse is very good. The desserts are big and tasty. I would say well worth the price.Wow! What a wonderful meal we had! It was a random Wednesday when I finally had dinner at the reincarnated Gabrielle. We made reservations for 6:30 (phone calls only, ugh!). My friend ordered a really lovely bottle of rose bubbles (no idea what) and it complemented our meal perfectly.
I was not as hungry as I needed to be! But I still attempted 4 courses... all appetizers this time. I started with the bisque and OMG it was good, earthy and rich and full of crabmeat. Next I had the grilled shrimp salad with pistachios. Super tasty and the shrimp were perfect. For my entree I had the appetizer special of the evening which was a crawfish enchilada; the corn tortilla was an amazing complement to the crawfishes.
We had pre-ordered a blueberry pie/buckle/something, another special and it was tasty. PLUS a flourless chocolate torte with peppermint ice cream. Both were delicious and the chocolate dessert felt like you were injecting chocolate directly... in a good way.
Our service was great, offering us fresh french bread and more butter. Our water glasses were never empty and the bubbles were flowing.
I really enjoyed the space too. Simple decor with some well selected paintings. Next time I'm sampling craft cocktails!Gabrielle is back and we are so excited!  Dinner reservations at 7:30 and we arrived a few minutes early to find parking, which turned out to be a snap. 
As we walked toward the well lit front door we both said "I can't wait to see what it is like".  We opened the door and entered.  A hostess station at the end of the bar is the first stop in the smallish but open room.   Tile floors, buttery vanilla colored walls adorned with local art, metallic gold painted baseboards and trim around the windows, a small bar to the left, and a striking navy ceiling make the space inviting.  
We were seated at a two-top in the center of the room.  Tables are close together but not intrusive.  The noise level belies the excitement of everyone in the room but doesn't get so loud that you can't hear the people at your own table.   The room features a few larger tables to accommodate more than 4, and the kitchen is partitioned from the dining room by a partial wall in front of the service doors that features frosted glass windows insets with small fleur de lis.  
We were brought water and menus immediately and given a perfect amount of time to review the menu before the waiter asked if we would like cocktails.  I had a JeniSu (gin, champagne, mint infused simple syrup) - light and refreshing- almost like lemonade but not too sweet.  My husband had the Orleans Ave Sazerac which may be the smoothest Sazerac either of us has tasted. 
We began with appetizers:  he had the Tan-douille boudin which was fantastic.  Panko encrusted boudin and andouille which is fried (but not greasy) accompanied by a Creole mustard - outstanding!  I had the BBQ Shrimp pie: spectacular!  A small tart shell filled with sweet potato (just the right consistency- not overly whipped and not chunky, with nutmeg) topped with BBQ shrimp and garnished with a rosemary sprig.  
Second course we split a salad - and to the waiter and kitchens credit - it was split and plate separately in the kitchen which is really nice.  Warm goat cheese salad.  Creamy warmed goat cheese atop a bed of mixed greens with roasted garlic, capers and sun dried tomatoes (beautiful olive oil) and accompanied by a half slice of homemade wheat bread.  
Then, on to the main event... 
he had the braised rabbit which featured a deep ruby rose petal syrup, wilted spinach, onion and was accompanied by Stilton dressed french fries.  He said it was wonderful (I'm not a fan of rabbit - it looked great).  I had the Traiteur fish: a healthy piece of pan seared drum cooked to a turn accompanied by a slice of mirliton squash filled with a shrimp rice and a maque choux sauce.  The fish was incredible - The mirliton side was just ok.  
Dessert - one order of crème brûlée - wonderful and served with a lagniappe cookie.  One order of the peppermint patti - a slice of deep chocolate brownie like tart and a scoop of homemade peppermint ice cream.  The tart was excellent and the ice cream was good - but needed more butterfat as it was a bit ice-milk like and melted too quickly.  The peppermint taste was a bit strong on its own but worked well with the richness of the chocolate.
Without question, Gabrielle is back and we will return to sample more of the menu.  
The only thing missing is that there is no overtly vegetarian dish on the menu but with the variety of vegetables accompanying varying dishes and the salads there could be something whipped up in a pinch for the significant numbers of vegetarians even in NOLA.  Maybe a dedicated entree showcasing the kitchen's obvious skill would be warranted in the next iteration.Disappointing, went with a party of four. I had the fish which sat on top of a crab cake.  Instead if the fish being white and flakey it was mushy, clear and lacking flavor. The crab cake was just ok. Both were overpowered by some type of sauce that was underneath the crab cake.  It was extremely rich and did not have a good flavor at all. I barely ate half of the dish.  I also ordered the she crab  bisque, it was not good.  It was watery and tasted fishy.  Two other people at my table ordered the same thing, they too were disappointed.  The service  wasn't good either.  The wait staff was inattentive throughout our entire meal.We had an excellent time! The staff was very friendly, did an outstanding job with everything, and the atmosphere of the whole place was warm and inviting. While the crowded dining area could occasionally get a little loud, it feels like the typical neighborhood restaurant, serving good food at fair prices and where you're bound to run into someone you know. I highly recommend the BBQ Shrimp, the Duck, and the Peppermint Patti!Everything at Gabrielle was delicious!! BBQ shrimp pie, beet salad, & the fish were very good!Gumbo was solid. The paneer rabbit was flavorless and not cooked enough so the breading was sandy definitely won't be back