very fresh raw oysters , taste sweet. Fried oyster is nice. Cajun chicken is tender and juicy. Server isn't friendly as we thought.Landed and needed food! This place was awesome. Oysters were fantastic and the salmon was fresh and tasty.  The bartender made perfect craft cocktails and was very friendly and engaging. Great first dining experience in New Orleans.First of all, I loved the atmosphere of this place. As we walked in the hostess was just jamming out to the music and I thought it was awesome. The restaurant wasn't packed because we went at like 8 PM, or so. We sat down and their menu wasn't extensive (which I personally think is a plus, because nobody needs 100 options) however, if you're in the mood for salads/poboys or steak or pasta, you'll find that here. The drinks were inexpensive, I got a Bloody Mary for $3.99 which you won't find ANYWHERE in New Orleans. I've paid $20 for a Bloody Mary before. I've been on the search for the best Bloody Mary, and this one would probably be in my top 3 (and I've had a lot.) The food came out and it wasn't over the moon. My pasta tasted watered down, and my friend didn't even get a side he ordered. I will say the waitress did take off the side he was charged for without any hassle. 
If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant, with good drinks, and good food, and quick service. Enjoy this restaurant.Wow, just wow! What a wonderful surprise! My daughters and I had dinner at Gallier's last night. Let me start by telling you that the waitress, Kelly treated us like she's known us for years! She had us cracking up within two minutes of meeting her! And the manager, Jeremy was so much fun and full of information that proved to be on point! 
We asked Kelly for recommendations which she provided without hesitation. I'm not kidding people, the char broiled cajun oysters were AMAZING! So much so that we had two dozen! Delicious! 
I had the blackened redfish with crawfish sauce, a pile of perfectly sauteed green beans, and the house salad. The fish was perfectly spicy with plenty of heat. Not for you if you prefer mild or no spice....trust me on that. My daughters ordered the cajun seafood pasta that they really enjoyed. We all shared because this food is something to be experienced! 
Let me get back to those oysters. They came with this crusty toast  that we discovered was even more delectable when we sopped up the buttery cajun, parmesan sauce in the bottom of the tray. Amazing! 
The drinks were the least impressive of the whole meal.....a bit strong and pricey. I had the Pim's and my daughter had a coffee drink that had a blend of different liquors in it. I'm a light weight with alcohol so if you're not, you will probably enjoy them tremendously. 
Overall, the food was impressively upscale in a comfortable, neighborhood environment! We want to go back to eat and hang out with Kelly and Jeremy! Ask for them.....the owners are so blessed to have them!We walked in for happy hour and met Kelly. She made our happy hour a great fun experience...it's as if she was our long lost friend. She was just promoted to bartender and made our whole drinking & oyster experience a blast!! And she really rocks the hair Bow! Don't miss this!!!Devon and Alex are the best shuckers in New Orleans! Very friendly service and tasty oystersNice oysters bar and quick service here. And all foods is good. But special for me is a soup. Enjoy.Da bomb... red beans and rice off the chain... oysters are exceptional... stopped in for a snack and was treated to some of the best food yet... staff was great... must visit when in New OrleansMy wife and I were looking for a place to eat that was close to our hotel and we found this little place. We got the Seafood Penne Pasta and it was great.Excellent service and atmosphere. Creole oysters recommended by the server were excellent. If you're staying in the Big Easy, definitely worth a visit.A New Orleans classic. I've eaten here several times and never been disappointed. I love the old school feeling of the place with its classic elegance and laid back atmosphere while still being pretty formal. The food is fantastic and I've never had a bad meal here. Can't go wrong with hitting this spot while you're fooling around the Big Easy.Great service and great food! The crab cakes are small but all crab and the remoulade was fantastic. We had excellent fresh oysters and good gumbo. My hubby had a sandwich with fried oysters... it was massive! 
Will return!Great breakfast, great service and great mimosas. Very impressed with this place. The Rockefeller oysters were my boyfriends favorite.This was my first time eating an oyster po boy from New Orleans so maybe I don't really have a gauge yet for what's good or not but I really loved my sandwich. The french bread was so light and airy but still crispy and the fried oyster was seasoned so well and tasted fresh. Just the right amount of spicy mayo for a delicious meal that didn't leave me feeling like I need a nap. Perfect lunch spot. The service was great and the atmosphere was peaceful and serene even though it was in a busy area of the city. The green beans were a little on the salty and oily side for my taste so that's the only thing that brings my review down one from a perfect score. Otherwise, a great experience!Filip was an awesome server. Stop by for some incredible food. Some of our dishes ...Shrimp and grits, shrimp penne pasta, fried oysters and gumbo...all was soooo good!!It was close to our hotel so we thought we would try it. The shrimp po boy was stuffed with so much shrimp, I couldn't finish. You get what you pay for. Super nice and very attentive server.Delicious and generous portion breakfast dishes and the Rockefeller oysters were heaping with toppings.  The atmosphere is spacious yet cozy and clean. Jared the server was energetic and upbeat.Delicious.
The bowl of gumbo was delicious. And only $11.
The blackened red fish was heaven.
Great value.
Definitely coming back.
Susan the hostess was very nice.
The waiter from Serbia was very attentive.
[Silly Yelp wants me to keep writing or they won't post my review]This place is awesome ! Great service along with a colorful personality by the staff from left and right. Davon was extremely hospitable with anything that we needed and even gave us some great menu recommendations! Bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's from our lovely bartender made for a fun atmosphere. The food is on point. (Try the fried oysters) I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a relaxing lunch.We came for happy hour, but the food looked great. The bartender, server and hostess were nice.  Very good atmosphere will definitely come back when in town.We came for happy hour. The hostess greeted us with professional friendliness. The ambience was cozy and casual. We got a dozen raw oysters, a beer, and a glass of wine and paid $20-including tip. The wine was good, The oysters @ $9/12 was good. The beer... not so great.
 The reason for the poor review is because the server seemed to be on another planet the entire time. She wasn't rude, just... asleep. In New Orleans, this seems weird. She even gave us our check when we said we needed a minute to figure out what we were ordering next. We took that as a cue to leave, which was too bad because the food did look good, and the prices were reasonable. 
We went to the Palace Cafe instead, and that was an otherworldly experience (see review for Palace Café).We wanted a quieter place to dine after walking through all the noise and crowds of the area.  We came during Happy Hour which was great since draft beers were $3.00.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  All 3 of us enjoyed our meals too.  If you are looking for a place not over-run with tourists and reasonably priced, this is a good choice.Made the trek here in the middle of a storm. The service was absolutely great. The only qualm I have was the gumbo. I love gumbo and was looking fwd to eating some amazing gumbo during my trip to NOLA. Day one.. full of anticipation, this was a total let down. The gumbo I've had in Seattle has been significantly better than this. Maybe this is what gumbo in the south is supposed to be like but it was bland, slightly grainy and the okra gave it a slimy consistency. The meat also seemed bland and overcooked in it. 
The Gallier sandwich however was one of the best sandwiches I've had. We also had oysters which were great. Just the gumbo..... ug.We came for the oysters. Great service. Great atmosphere. Oyster were super fresh and the horseradish/cocktail sauce was bomb.  Great place!Absolutely fantastic from start to finish! This is ideal for all occasions.  The decor is fantastic, the service above what I've gotten anywhere else in the quarter.  I would love to take a date here, perfect atmosphere.  The food was amazing not over spiced like so much here.  The presentation was on point.  And so was the price.  Generous helpings as well.  
The picture does not do it justice.  Please try this amazing restaurant out!Absolutely amazing fried oysters in a spicy sauce.  Excellent meal, great service, and good prices.This place is absolutely amazing! First off, our waitress Kelly was just all out AMAZING! Then the lady Sarah behind the bar was also AMAZING! The food was to die for! Had the classic breakfast and oh boy was it good! Their grits are on point too! Not many people know how to make grits and they have it right here!!! Definitely would recommend to anyone looking to grab a good brunch! Don't forget about the bottomless mimosas!!!! Thank you so much kelly!!!!I wouldn't recommend going ... they were quite insensitive ... refusing to seat two people at a four person table when they weren't busy. This would understandable if they had high traffic volume but it was virtually empty... took my business elsewhere!Omg, grilled oysters the best, if you In New Orleans you have to come here for your grilled oysters. Oh can't forget I drop in for breakfast there seafood omelette is awesome. I rate this more then 5Really good food. The oyster special at happy hour is very good. Service is excellent and friendly.Popped into Gallier's today, and it's really coming up! My bartender was Jerrod--he was adorable and made me a fantastic Elderpear martini. 10/10 will be back!I ordered a dozen of raw oysters and gumbo today. The raw oysters that I had were not clean. There were a lots of sludge and broken shells in it. But the gumbo was good.What a great find! Great drinks, delicious food, and friendly staff. The pear martini is divine. Grilled salmon was cooked perfectly to order and accompanied by fresh green beans and a choice of sides. I selected a cup of gumbo and enjoyed every bite!Perry is an expert oyster shucker and oozes warmth and hospitality.  This place isn't fancy and that's a good thing.They have the best oysters in town by far! Always fresh and perfect size. They are relatively new ( opened February of this year) but we'll on their way to becoming the place to go for oysters.I was looking for a fried oyster salad, and I found it.  In truth, I prefer a spinach salad with fried oysters, but this green salad with pickled onions and huge chunks of blue cheese were certainly a meet accompaniment.  Happy hour is a great deal if you want oysters on the half.  Friendly service and clean feel to the decor. Convenient to the commerce area downtown.  My husband enjoyed the fried shrimp, as well.I came to Nola for a weekend of eating. I enjoyed meals at Commanders Palace, Cochon, and Bacchlon Wine to name a few. 
Gallier was definitely the worst meal I had all weekend. The service was poor and unfriendly, the food generally bad, and the atmosphere unappealing.
I ordered the oysters, gumbo, grits, and crab cakes Benedict. The oysters and gumbo were decent. However the Benedict was disgusting. The egg was microwaved solid, the crab cakes extremely fishy, and the English muffin cold and not toasted! 
I can't imagine how this place has 4.5 stars. If you are in Nola for a weekend or a lifetime do not take the time to stop in here.By far the best charbroiled oysters on the planet!!  Incredible flavor, fresh, and melt in your mouth like butter.  The homemade waffle fries are great too.Very average food, our server was very sweet but the host came off quite aggressive towards the end of the meal. She was trying to push us out and accommodate more guests which is understandable but she blamed the waiter...long story short nothing worth returning for. The oysters were the best thing tjougju, if anything that is worth stopping by forAfter going to this restaurant, I must say I'm surprised by the high ratings. I kind of want to give it 2 stars  but like the oysters. This restaurant is on a seedy block and at least 2 of the servers seemed to be tweaking from drugs. I don't want to sound lacking in compassion - as social workers, my friend and I were concerned for our server, who was friendly but definitely had issues. But this is not the experience I want when paying money to eat out. As far as food goes - we are both locals so familiar with NOLA food and restaurants. Chargrilled oysters very good . Her shrimp remoulade sandwich which I tasted - ok but not flavorful. My cup of gumbo - inedible. Arrived cold and tasting burnt. Told the server this and he brought the same gumbo back after extra nuking in microwave. I won't be returning.The wait staff was amazing! The drinks were a little pricey.. However, they were very good! The Oyster Rockefellers, were not my face. Overall, I totally enjoyed taking my Mom there for lunch!!Wandering through around Canal starving and this was the closest place to us on a search. We are so glad that fate brought us here! A great vibe, great music playing, friendly service, amazing food...couldn't ask for more! The Gallier sandwich was a gastronomic journey through a flavor forest! So good! Kristi Keasler outdid herself on that one. Kelly, our server was attentive and hilarious! 
Stop in, you won't regret it!Al was a great server and bartender! The food was authentic and absolutely delicious. We had the raw oysters and they were probably the best I've had. The drinks Al made were great and strong , he even customized them according to our taste. I definitely recommend this place!Best sandwich I've eaten in NOLA. Try the Gallier. Fresh oyster fried to perfection with great filling, sweet onions in Ciabatta bread. We tried a dozen chargrilled oysters too and they were great. Service was excellent.Showed up at 5:00 for early dinner. Heard Oysters were as good as Felix which we had sampled a couple days earlier. Found the quality of oysters was better here than any place tried. 
Service was excellent and we also found the Gallier sandwich; crab cake and gumbo to be very good. 
Place is off the beaten path but well worth the trip.Great food!! Great Service!! The Creole Oysters were a dream come true!! I will come here anytime I am in New Orleans!!!Good oysters. Easy atmosphere. Good drinks. A great start to the New Orleans experience. The oysters well-shucked, Crystal hot sauce and the other accoutrements- fresh and big. Solid boozy cocktails and a great staff. Enjoy!Great experience from start to end. Was greeted outside by a smiling face and seated right away. Got lucky and visited during happy hour with $9 dozen raw oysters and 3 off draft beers. The char-broiled oysters were amazing. Food came out very fast and service was friendly and very professional.Had lunch and the meal was Great!  The grilled oysters very tasty along w gumbo my only complaint would be atmosphere.  Would definitely go backCame here for happy hour twice on a 4 day trip. It was very close to our hotel and we loved that we could be seated quickly and the deals were very good. We got the $9/dozen oysters and the hh gumbo w potato salad, which was fantastic. 1/2 off wine was also a very good deal. The staff working was very friendly and even remembered us from the day before. Not the fastest service, so if you are in a rush, maybe just tell them, but everything was very nice for HH, so I was happy taking my time anyway. This place is not as commercial or much to look at compared to neighbors on the other side of Canal St, but the food is excellent and service is very fast, "hidden gem" style.This little place was a bright spot during our short trip to New Orleans. The raw oysters were the best I've ever had, and I eat a fair amount of raw oysters, living on the coast of Florida in a foodie town. These oysters were even better than Appalachicola oysters. 
Gallier is just off of Bourbon Street itself, which makes it a bit quieter for your peaceful enjoyment. The servers were personable and efficient during my visit.
The prices are reasonable and the other items we ordered were very good. Gallier has an assortment of beers, including crafts beers, and wine, liquor, and cordials. I will seek this spot out the next time I'm in NOLA.Fantastic happy hour, $9 oysters on half, and gumbo was amazing with a little Crystals. Great place worth $$We were craving good gumbo and did a yelp search for the area we were in and tried Gallier's.  This place is a bit off the beaten path, not in the Quarter price trap, but a short walk across Canal.
Gallier's gumbo is big on flavor with smokey undertones; and the serving size was big for $11.  It was probably about a 12/14 ounce bowl.  It's a dark, very thin roux, which isn't bad, but definitely a bit more soupy texture.  There was plenty of sausage and chicken in every spoonful.  We ordered our gumbo New Orleans style, which is with potato salad (on the side) for an extra $2 each.  I was skeptical about gumbo and potato salad but some of my employees had previously encouraged me to try it--I must say that the combination was magical.  The potato salad was southern, a bit sweeter but offered a great balance with the savory gumbo.  Served with buttery garlic bread.
We also tried the chargrilled oysters, $13 for half dozen.  Heavy on the cheese compared to other restaurants, like a sharp cheddar vs. mild Parmesan.  Not ideal for me, so I'd pass next time and stick with only the gumbo.
Parking is a bear, so walk over after you've had enough of Bourbon Street.I had the charbroiled oysters and they were great. The service was excellent - very friendly and fast. The prices are reasonable. My one disappointed was the gumbo - not that good by most standards and definitely not good by New Orleans standards.I had a horrible experience. We ordered oysters as appetizers and did not receive them until after we were done with our meals. They seem to be busy so we didn't bother asking about our oysters until after we had already eaten our entrees. They had completely forgotten about them and weren't even apologetic. It didn't help that the oysters weren't very fresh or very good. Our po-boy sandwiches were also undercooked and underwhelming. Considering what you pay, you'd expect better service and better food. There was absolutely no remorse about forgetting our food. I had to beg the hostess for a glass of water. Needless to say, I will not return.Fadi is is the real deal. As I am from the Middle East and background I am super fussy on the type of food that I eat. But I had a dozen oysters and a wonderful cocktail I left this place a very happy womanWe went there around 4 pm in on a Saturday.  HAPPY HOUR food!  For 30 bucks we could not have better eats: gumbo and oysters. Why else are you in NOLO? We sat at the bar and received many complimentary oysters and sample drinks!  We tipped them well!  Our bartender Kelly was great.  She tested a new drink on us and it was awesome!Huge oysters with no flavor. The charbroiled ones were helped by butter and cheese.  No atmosphere, which would have been fine if the oysters were good. Sad.First stop upon arrival for a long weekend in New Orleans.  Charbroiled oysters were fantastic!  The Gallier sandwich was delicious with fat, well seasoned, lightly breaded oysters.  Great local brews and super friendly staff.  Check it out - you won't be disappointed!Great crab cake!  Delicious without any fillers.  Best I ever had and I try crab cake every I go.  Oyster Rockefeller had bacon pieces and combination was a heart attack in every bite but so worth it.  Raw oysters were also great!Pretty low-key place compared to some of their competitors-- not a bad atmosphere if you want to avoid the touristy feel.
That said, the food was kind of meh. Red fish and green beans were about as ordinary as you could get, especially when the fish arrived well-done (not that anyone ever asks how you'd like your fish cooked, but cooked half to death was not the most tasty).
Threw in some charbroiled oysters too-- those were okay, but the worst of many sets of charboiled oysters I've had.We found this place on yelp....And as our first time in New Orleans we wanted to make sure to go to a A place that had good reviews... Needless to say we had a great first time here! I got the rockefeller oysters...SOOO GOOOOD!!Luckily happened upon this place after getting into town and let me tell you do yourself a favor - try this place. The Gallier might be in my top 1 of sandwiches I've had; seriously it's fantastic. The charbroiled oysters were a flavor bomb. The key lime pie was also wonderful. I don't want to be overly glowing, but it was just a great meal. Walk up and enjoy.
Also, make sure you ask for Kelly. A wonderful server who happened to be on her first day and did a phenomenal job.After reading all the great reviews, I had to give this place a shot. As far as ambience goes, there isn't any. It's pure generic. Either the funds weren't there for the build out, or the designer had very bland taste. You would think in an oyster joint they at least would have their shuckers at the bar area, and some sort of seaworthy ambience. 
I ordered some char broiled oysters. They were only OK, not exceptional. Large plump oysters, but way too much cheese and bread crumbs. Served on a metal tray like chilled oysters, and no buttery sauce to dip my bread into. This dish needs to allow the oyster flavor to dominate, not bread crumbs and cheese. It needs grilled French bread on the side. 
I sat at the bar, and although the service was friendly, it was at times overbearing. I did not want to engage this bartender in a lengthy discussion. There is a difference between friendly and overbearing....Annoying. 
With all the incredible choices we have for oysters in our city, this place needs some shaping up to become competitive. I think they're up to the task, but adjustments need to be made.Great food. Staff kinda ghetto.  We had cajun pasta, seafood pasta, shrimp platter, red beans and rice, grilled chicken salad, everything was delicious!!!!Seafood..Oysters.. isn't it must when you are in NOLA?
FOOD//
Bless happy hours for half price for dozen. We ordered 10 dozens of raw oyster for 5 people. I loved every bite of oyster = have never felt so fresh in my life eating seafood. The horseradish sauce and crackers made the oyster tastes even more good. 
ATMOSPHERE//
Very cozy, not too fancy. just the way i apprecaite the restaurant.
SERVICE//
They were super friendly and made me feel like i want to come again.
SURROUNDINGS//
IDK NOLA.I happened upon this place while on a trip with my university. It was about 7:30 on a Friday and was in need of a quick-ish dinner with some of my friends. I had the gumbo with the potato salad. It was delish! A friend of mine had the Cajun pasta which he loved and another had the fried oysters which were also amazing! I would definitely come back here! It was a very nice environment, very chill yet a little fancy feeling. I would recommend this place to anyone!The best oyster and Bloody Mary pairing I've ever had!!! Excellent staff! Will visit here any time I'm on town, first thing!The food was good, ample portions, cost in line (not outrageous) server Ashley was friendly and efficient.Food was okay. Fried shrimp were great. Pretty sure the red beans were Blue Runners. Pretty stupid to add gratuity to a table of 5 when we would have tipped at least 20% but 18% was added to the check.  Our server gave us attitude when we asked why we were charged $4 for potato salad that was supposed to come with the gumbo for an extra charge of $1 and tried to pull a "Well in New Orleans..." and we are locals.My friends and I were staying right by this place, kept passing by and chatting with the "outside man", who always was pleasant and made us laugh. We finally decided to stop in for dinner and were treated like royalty!  The whole staff could not have been nicer or more accommodating.  We wandered in during Happy Hour, stayed for a delicious dinner and dessert. Thanks to everyone here we have wonderful memory and story to tell!Broiled oysters were delicious. They had a really good beer selection with local craft beers. Great service as well!Service was great and happy hour was even better! Lots of great deals and specials. Their oysters are fresh and the oyster trio was delicious! Can't wait to go back!We went to Acme the first night of the trip and I will tell you, Gallier put them to shame. Happy hour is the best! The gumbo is amazing, shrimp and grits were to die for and the fish of the day was cooked perfectly. Our waitress (the girl with bow in her hair) was amazing. Great experience and will make this a mandatory stop every time we come back to New Orleans!Gumbo was way too watery and too much oil. Cajun pasta(forgot the name) was over cooked. Oyster was decent just like other places in French quarter.They've got happy hour from 3-7! Discounted drinks ($3 drafts) and $9 for a dozen raw oysters. Beyond that great deal, the food was pretty average. 
I got the fried oyster salad. The salad was good, a typical garden salad with vinaigrette and bleu cheese, but the fried oysters were kind of mushy on the inside and a bit bland.Funny enough, but the oyster schucking man made this experience above and beyond. Staff are great,  welcoming and very helpful.  My double cheeseburger was awesome, fries had some kick! The seafood pasta was good with some spice. The oysters were good and much appreciated. Thanks for a good dinner!Great service.  Fresh oysters and redfish.  Off the beaten path and reasonably priced!Fantastic raw oysters!!  And the rest of the meal was amazing too.  Excellent service and recommendations from our waiter.  We will be back!Probably the best place we ate at in New Orleans so far! Everything is so flavorful and presented beautifully. We are coming back tomorrow morning for breakfast! Service was good and they checked up on us often but closer to the end of the night we waited quite a while for our check.