Great food, but on new years we got there at 10pm and didn't get entree until 12:20
It was busy but for $100 dollars a person with 4 people they should have been more prepared. They gave us some free drinks to  compensate. They should have offered a discount on return trip.  I would like to try again on a less busy night.  I had to go to the bar to get drinks after waiting 40 minutes to order 2nd round and no appetizers for an hour.As an anniversary celebration, we had dinner at Galvez last night and thoroughly enjoyed both the food and the fantastic view of the river (and a massive thunderstorm that rolled through while we were there, ending with a gorgeous rainbow!)
We started out with glasses of the homemade red sangria and it was delicious!  Not too strong, but well spiced and refreshing.  The tapas menu is fairly extensive, with about a dozen selections.  We decided on the empanadas (flaky crust that was perfect) and the shrimp in tomato sauce that would be a killer entree served in a bowl with warm bread on the side.
The beet salad was oversized and wonderful, although a little short on the "salad" part, with just a couple of spinach leaves thrown in. 
Hubby is not a terribly adventurous eater, so he settled on the steak (cooked perfectly) and I had the Vieux Carre fish special.  This is where they lose a star from me.  The portion was huge, so no complaints there, but the buerre blanc crawfish sauce could be had in any restaurant in New Orleans.  Next time, I'll stick to the more Spanish inspired dishes, since that seems to be where they shine.
Ambiance is great, view is fantastic, wait staff was professional and attentive.  As other reviewers have noted, if you are not familiar with Dutch Alley it can be difficult to find, but once inside you are in for a treat.Galvez is a modern take on Spanish food. Let me start by saying the one thing more impressive than the incredible view of the mighty Mississippi, is the very attentive and personable service. 
We tried to dine here for that view on New Year's Eve, but instead went for a special birthday outing. It will delight and entice for many visits to come. 
All the food was delectable, but allow me to share my fish dish of red snapper. I have never had an interpretation of this fish quite so, but the fava beans, green olive salad on top with avocado sliced in a beautiful fan dressed perfectly, was magnifico. The salmon was excellent. Soup al dia was asparagus, with a rich roast vegetable flavor. 
The other tapas were standard. Dessert was a sublime bread pudding with a rich bourbon brown sugar reduction. 
The house made sangria was fresh and the cocktail list was inventive. 
It's like a Spanish dream come true.WOW - This restaurant is a gem hidden from the bourbon street tourists and worth the cab fare. Once you walk in, the view of the lake is breathtaking. The menu offers many gourmet tapas. The duck and lamb were delicious. Highly recommended this place.I don't eat Spanish food often for whatever reason, but when I found out that my bosses had booked a Spanish restaurant for dinner, I was excited.  I like tapas, I like rice...why the hell not?
Galvez has a lot going for it, but simplicity of location is not one of them.  Our cab driver never heard of it, and we couldn't exactly find the address, but once we did, and got inside, and then took the elevator up, the tucked away-ness of the restaurant paid off:  from that height at that angle, with an entire wall of windows, the view of the river and the riverboats added a ton to the atmosphere.
The menu has a ton to offer between the salads, soups, tapas, paellas and main courses, so it was hard to decide.  While half of the table ordered and assortment of tapas as their main with a soup to start, i went with the garlic soup and meat paella (the first paella i've ever had).
The soup was fantastic.  Anything that's described as "garlic ____" immediately draws my eye, and this was no different.  It was creamy and thick without being heavy, and quite flavorful.  The soup of the day was a cold watermelon gespacho, which a few people ordered, and even though i'm not disatisfied with the garlic soup, the gespacho was really something different.
Paella as an idea is unremarkable:  a large bowl of rice, spices and meat.  But when you use quality meat, it becomes a quality dish, and the meat in this bowl was AWESOME:  Churrizo, pork and chicken, all spiced nicely, and cooked to perfection.  The portion was gigantic, and I couldn't finish it, but I was incredibly happy with my order.  I sampled a few of the tapases? tapi? whatever at the table--the empanadas really stuck out as a highlight.  And the tamatillo-like sauce was so good I would have bought a jar full if it was available.I have mixed reviews about this place. We made a reservation for 12 of us on a Friday night and when we arrived they seated us in a private dining room. I was impressed until I realized that really no one else was in the restaurant. Our waiter at first was great - told us the specials and poured our champagne/wine, took our order. We ordered tapas and entrees, but over an hour later we realized we really hadn't seen our waiter and hadn't received any food. At this point we were starving. Some of the tapas (keep in mind it was calamari, so really couldn't have taken TOO long to put together) came out with the entrees and the girls didn't even want them anymore. The tapas overall were bland (we got meatballs, bbq shrimp which had no flavor, chicken empanadas that never came, and lobster/shrimp bisque which made everyone that ate it sick). It was a BYOB place but really not worth it once you take into account the experience. The manager did take money off our bill in the end.Ah New Years eve in New Orleans, I never knew how awesome it was here and how many people travel here for NYE.
So we were able to get a table here the day before, it did end up selling out. I do suggest planning ahead or else you may have to get some fast food. Tables run over $100 per person on NYE, I can't speak for the everyday prices, but I imagine they are reasonable.
We had reservations at 7:30 which was perfect to keep the flow of the evening till midnight. They start you off with bread with some dipping oil, this is refillable. Started off with this bruchetta/ceviche type dish, nice starter not too heavy. Next was the delicious gumbo, gotta try the local flavor with their touch. The duck breast empanada was a unique touch, never had duck before also came with this amazing spicy dipping sauce. The strip steak was the main entree and was very good with a nice flavorful finish to it. The cheesecake for desert was delicious, they also had pot de creme which is kinda like a melted candy bar. They had a great menu on this night that came with great service as well. They make the menu flow out at just the right pace and you will be full by the end of your meal with how the space out things for your comfort and enjoyment. 
Overall it was a wonderful experience. At midnight they invite you back no matter what time you dined to watch fireworks over the river, it really is one of the coziest spots to view them. They give you champagne and 12 grapes per their tradition for midnight. I really had an amazing time with my wife here. Very romantic place to celebrate NYE. New Orleans is a hot spot for NYE, I would do this place again based on my overall experience. Had an amazing time with my wife here!You guys. This place. Wow.
Where did this restaurant come from? Was this always here? Why am I just now discovering it?!
This restaurant is incredible and completely New Orleans. There is an AMAZING view of the river and delicious food. We were just here for appetizers and the view and this place didn't disappoint in either department. We ordered the fried calamari and the bacon wrapped olives. The calamari was amazing and the serving was huge, plenty enough for two people. The bacon wrapped olives were different and good.
My only tiny complaint was that it took a while for a waiter to acknowledge us, but as soon as he did, he was quite attentive. This would be a fabulous place for a date night and I will definitely be back.Wow, comically bad.  This place used to be a restaurant called Bella Luna that actually had decent food and would attract locals into the French Market area -- normally very touristy.  I wish Bella Luna were still around.
1) Food.  Ok, not great.  The cheese plate was yummy, some of the tapas standards (like croquetas) were perfectly fine.  Skip the paella -- which had mushy rice and tasted like it was made from a mix.  
2) Ambience.  The decor is way overdone, but whatever, that doesn't bother me.  What really got me was the music, which was blaringly loud, and bad to boot.  Decent flamenco music when we sat down turned into -- and i'm not kidding -- the Moulin Rouge soundtrack.  At, like, 200 decibels.  
3) Service.  Wow, maybe the most inept of any restaurant at this pricepoint I've ever been to.  At one point the waiter quieted down our entire table of 6, as well as a large table next to ours, so he could tell us all the specials at once and "kill two birds with one stone." (his exact words, and mind you there was only one other party in the restaurant that night.)  Repeated requests for bread were ignored.  We felt rushed despite having sat down at 6:30 and there being dozens of unoccupied tables.
Places like this make me embarrassed to be a New Orleanian, if this is what tourists (most of their clientele) take away from their visit.  Whoever owns and "manages" (a loose term) this place should be ashamed -- though I'd guess he/she lives in Houston and really doesn't care.Excellent. We stopped in during Mardi Gras. Location is close to Cafe du Monde.  We had the cheese plate, patatas bravas, and the Paella de Carne.  All three were fantastic and the waiter was excellent as well.  We also had a pitcher of sangria which was fruity and delicious. Highly recommended.I came down to New Orleans for work, and was anticipating amazing food everywhere. all i found was cajun/creole style crawfish/catfish/shrimp/pork. Since i don't eat any of the above, Cesar salads became old real quick. 
We came across that place, and the menu looked different from all the other places, so went up, and discovered an amazing view, delicious food, great service, and fun atmosphere. it was the premiere of live blues music, now every Fridays and Saturdays from 10pm to 4am. 
The place was surprisingly empty, and that is too bad!My husband's birthday is on the Fourth of July so we wanted a special dinner and view of the fireworks.  When reservations were made they did NOT tell us there would be a limited menu and a "special" price of $60 per person.  Unfortunately the food and service wasn't nearly that "special".  First course wasn't memorable, entrees were cold and dessert was awful.  Definitely won't return.Very nice location with a good view and a piano player in one end of the room. 
The food was all very tasteful and well prepared and presented. A couple of the dishes were served luke warm. 
Awesome crab cakes. Most of the tapas were good and interesting variations. Try the meat balls and the calamari were some of the best I have had. 
The service was extremely slow and not very professional. They were very nice but kept forgetting things.Amazing view of the Mississippi River at nearly every table & their bar.   Enjoy all the activity of this great river while eating in a gracious & relaxed environment.  Staff goes above & beyond to make you feel welcome. (I saw this with every group that walked in.  Not just myself)  Though conscientious of what each of their diners want, if you're open to it (and I was) they can be hilarious.  I had already eaten, so only had appetizers and drinks.  But both were excellent.  I am so glad to have stopped in for such a lovely, unexpected, evening and plan to return soon with family and friends.  I wonder if they were short handed or just having a bad night the evening the 1/15/14 review people went.  It is always disappointing to have a bad experience.  But when I was there people seemed to be eating, then leaving in a reasonable amount of time.This place is a hidden treasure in Nola, everything is excellent, service, food, and the view is second to none. They also have the best mixologist I've ever met, Chris is a real artist! Don't miss this place, best view in Nola and exceptional service. We are even having our wedding reception here!Came here on Saturday night looking to be a little fancy for dinner since we planned on having Dreamy Weenies the next night. Once you get the address you take an elevator up to the 2nd floor and boom you're in the restaurant. We didn't make reservations so when we got there we let the hostess know and opted to sit at the bar if a table wasn't available (which was the best choice ever!). Upon sitting my friend went to the restroom and the bartender got us drink/food menus to browse. He was very friendly and offered many suggestions when I asked for some drink recommendations. Of the several drinks he offered we opted for the purple rain mojitos. I'm normally not a fan of mojitos because they mash the mint up and I end up drinking it and it grosses me out. He took his time and muddled the mint but didn't grind it up all nasty. The drink was so pretty layered with rum and chambord on top. Def sweet but totally tasty. My friend got the veggie paella (so tasty), and I had calamari and duck empanadas. I LOVE calamari but am finding lately that fewer and fewer places cook it right, or it's not fresh but that was not the case here. It was tender and fried perfectly, seemed like it had been dredged in a cornmealish type batter. I think it was served with an aoili, also tasty. The duck empanadas....I did not need these but I figured if I was going to be fat I may as well go for gold. They also were delicious, tasted homemade and duck-y. 
We ate and chatted it up with bartender Chris, waiter Lonnie, and manager Barbara (she was a trip). She even offered us some Jameson on the house for St. Patty's Day---mojito, calamari, duck empanada, white wine, jameson...why not??
We had a great time at Galvez and I would certainly recommend anyone who is in the area to come check them out. Great food, great people, and we assume maybe a great view? It was dark so we couldn't really see but since they were on the second floor and located on the water it might be pretty in the late afternoon.....Great place to hold a private event!  The atrium has an incredible view of NOLA!  Thank you to Chef Laura, Tara and Galvez team for making our event memorable and successful!  Every meeting planners dream!After a couple of "mediocre" food experiences in the french quarter, this spanish restaurant was a welcome surprise. When I saw the location - I thought this was going to be a tourist trap, but it was not.  Great views from every table. Great for sunset dinner time. One side of the restaurant has all windows facing river. We got here late, but service was exceptional - from the bartender to our server. Food was very good. The caldo gallego, while small in portion, was very good, and the paella, large portion, also very good. Main Entrees were from $18 to 30+, Caldo was $9. About the only complaint was that the Flan was OK not great, so maybe dessert somewhere else. However, this is a place I will be back to.I love this place!
We went here for a rehearsal dinner, so I spent most of my visit in the banquet room off to the left of the restaurant.  This banquet room is BEAUTIFUL!  If I were living in NOLA, I'd have my wedding here in an instant!  The floor to ceiling windows give an amazing view of the waterfront as well as of the French Quarter.
The gumbo appetizer and salmon entrée were incredibly delicious and beautifully plated.  I chose the chocolate cake for dessert, which was also quite beautiful, but it was so rich that I couldn't eat it.  That was the only draw back, however.
I'm definitely a fan!We came here for a bridesmaids dinner with the bride last week. The view was nice and it seemed like a nice place as well. But the service was HORRIBLE!! 
Our server brought me cold coffee so I asked for him to either heat it up or bring me a new one. He came back and said there was a new pot brewing. Well, he forgot for, like 20 minutes! We had to remind him and he said he literally forgot about it. He also had the bartender come over with him to tell us about two drink specials.. What kind of fine dining server can't remember two drink specials?! He could barely answer questions about the menu. 
All of this would have been forgivable, but then the food came out. The runner put the large tray of food on a stand at the end of the table and LEFT IT!!!! For 5 minutes!! I couldn't stand the sight of our meal getting cold, so I got up and served at least 4 plates before someone came over and helped us. I know what you're thinking... It was probably busy, right? Nope! There was a party in the other room, but only a few other tables in the dining room. It didn't get busy until the end of our meal. And even then, there were maybe only about 6 other tables. And the server forgot one of our plates. 
So. The reason why I'm writing this. I went up to the gentleman who appeared to be the manager, and I asked him if the manager was available. He asked how he could help. First of all, as I was telling him what had happened, he kept cutting me off with excuses, like, we had a large party in the other room (which our server wasn't taking care of). Second, we were clearly done with our meal and he asked if he could send us a pitcher of Sangria. Which we declined because we were done and didn't want anything more. After that he said, hurriedly, he'll look into it. When he walked away, I watched him stop and talk to other tables instead of addressing our server about the numerous issues that we had during the meal. Look into it my ass!! He didn't give a crap about what had happened. 
I'm from New Orleans. We had better service at the iHop later that night than we did there, and that's not how you treat people paying a lot of money for a meal.Before I launch into my review, I have some good news and I have some bad news.
First, the bad news...ugh.
After having dinner at Galvez for the first time last night, I learned that their current location on Peters in the French Quarter, with that spectacular view of the river (more on that later), will be closing after June 21.  So, if you want your Spanish cuisine with a New Orleans twist with those killer vistas, then go eat there ASAP!  At some point after the 21st, the Brennan family is supposed to be taking over the space.
The good news is that the Galvez's Chef Laura Cedillo will be opening up a new restaurant elsewhere.  I don't know when and where that will be as of yet, but all I can say at this point is pay attention to the local restaurant news.  I know I will be doing that myself.
Okay, now that that's out of the way...let's talk about the fabulous food and atmosphere!
How I have never heard of this place before now is a mystery to me.  With a prime location near the French Market, one of the best views of the Mississippi River and a fantastic Spanish-influenced menu, I would have thought that this place would be hot on the dining radar.  If you want a "best kept secret", this place is it!
My date and I had a reservation, but the restaurant was nearly empty.  The host showed us to a table that he referred to as "Lover's Lane": a corner booth framed by lush greenery.  Really, though, any table in the house would have plenty of the lovely atmosphere and view to offer.
For an appetizer, we ordered the Spanish cheese plate.  It came with three selections of cheese--Manchengo, an herbed blue, can't remember what the third was--along with sliced green apples, Serrano ham, quince paste and grilled bread.  The cheese and the accoutrements all pairs perfectly together; you could not go wrong with any combination of items on the plate.
For our entrees, I opted for the Pargo Estilo Galves: red snapper topped with olives, slivers of red onion and grape tomatoes served atop a bed of white beans with sliced avocados and salsa fresca on the side.  I've eaten a lot of fish prepared a lot of different ways, and this dish is EASILY in the Top 5.  It was wonderful!  
My date order the nightly special, which was the grilled South American fish topped with a grilled pineapple, mango and avocado salsa atop of a grit cake.  I had a sample of his entree and that was quite delectable as well!
Basically, what I'm saying is that you NEED to get here before June 21.  Get in on that gorgeous view and the equally gorgeous menu.  I highly recommend the fish dishes on the menu.  Order and thank me later!We love it, definitely will return; from the rum selection Flor de Caña to Malbec red wine.
Salads were perfect portions we had the beet salad and the avocado as well.
Out main dish was the seafood paella!!!! Well done!!!
We love the details on the dessert presentation very tasty bread pudding and to top the evening fireworks on the river we were celebrating out 22 wedding Anniversary!! We got lucky I guess!!!! My compliments to Chef Laura and the entire staff specially Keenan!
Thank you!!!!! We hope success comes your way in all your endeavors!!!! 
The view from the balcony is amazing!!!!The food was ok. I've had better for less money. But the service was cold & confused. The one consolation was the hostess. She was wonderful.I dined at this fairly new restaurant a few weeks ago and I've decided to reemerge from my review hiatus since there does not seem to be an entry on this place.
So we essentially decided to dine here due to the view this place offers and the fact that Vegetarian Paella was advertised on the outside menu display.  It's a moderately nice restaurant, but not an establishment demanding of your most elegant formal wear.  It's somewhere to take your date and not say, your bombastic fraternity brothers . . . 
The Patatas Bravas, Aragon are vegan and they are quite delicious, though in my opinion you can't really go wrong with potatoes in tomato sauce.  It wasn't a particularly complex flavor, but it was comparable to oven fries in a rich tomato sauce - which is just fine and dandy by me.
We also had the Ensalada Mixta, which was just your run-of-the-mill salad - but the salad components were all fresh and crisp - no slimy and withered bits.
Now as for the Vegetarian Paella - sigh . . . such high hopes, only to be dashed!  It was aesthetically pleasing enough - dotted with vibrant vegetables and a pleasant saffron yellow.  But it as just completely bland and tasteless - I wanted to cry.  The vegetables were tender, but maybe slightly overcooked and the rice certainly was a little gooey-er than I was expecting.  My companion had been hoping that it would served in a dramatically piping hot bowl, but alas, it was just . . . there.  Thankfully it was salvaged and redeemed to edible status with a dash of table salt and pepper, but it was definitely a letdown.  
I'm sure the non-vegetarian entrees and selections are probably more delectable, or I'd like to hope so?
Worth mentioning - the service was impeccable.  The waiter was quite adorable and doting - constantly updating us on the vegan status of menu items and checking up on us.  
Yes the view was nice, but I doubt we'll return to this place . . . although the waiter did entice us with the promise of more vegetarian options in the near future.  I guess we shall see!  I'm curious as to whether the regular fare is tastier . . . anyone?I went to a wedding here, and loved it! Everything was lovely - beautiful view, comfortable atmosphere inside, and really good food and service! They had two kinds of sangria pre-poured, and an open bar with great cocktails. The roast beef au jus was delicious, as well as the gumbo and arroz con pollo. The servers were attentive and fun. I'll definitely come back to be a diner when I visit New Orleans again!Worst meal I have ever had in New Orleans.  The local food critic raves about this place so I felt like I had to try it.  I have lived in New Orleans all my life and this was by far the worst food I've eaten.  Several other tables were having problems and saying the same thing.  Some of the food was inedible.   If you are from out of town please consider other restaurants- I would hate that a first time visitor would think this is what our food is like.Where to go on a crowded Sunday afternoon for a late lunch?  Galvez!
Galvez was nearly empty when we showed up.  We were able to use the check-in special of a free Sangria!  Being that we had two iPhones, we got two Sangrias for the price of none.  
The wait staff was very attentive to our dining needs and were very gracious when our one year old decided that the best place for his scrabbled eggs was on the floor.  (It was mortifyingly embarrassing but they took in in stride.)
I had the BBQ shrimp and my wife had the vegetarian omelet.  We were very happy with the food, service and view.It may be very unbiased but I was really dissapointed by Galvez Restaurant. My roommatte and I have reserved on OpenTable.com (at 7PM, a Monday) to go to the Galvez Restaurant during my holiday trip to New Orleans.
The only good things in Galvez Restaurant is the location (view of the Mississippi river) and the name "Galvez".
Otherwise, everything was bad since... it was closed a Monday at 7PM! We desperately tried to call them until 9:30PM but no answer, not even a machine! Moreover, we had a gift certificate for this place and we never had the opportunity to use it. The worst thing is that they had no sign to tell when the restaurant is operating...
It was a very lame experience and looking at the other reviews, I have the impression that it was lame for nearly everybody...
Pros:
+ Location.
Cons:
- Closed a Monday.
- No signs, no answers on the phone.
- Useless gift certificate.
Hopefully, the restaurant will read this review and correct all those issues!This was our first trip to New Orleans.  We decided to give this a try becuase this was one of the few places that was open on Christmas.  We got there and had a reservation but has to wait about wait for about 20 mins for our table was ready.  When we sat down we had to wait another 30 mins before I had to ask who our waiter was before someone greeted us and asked for our drink.  When our fist dish came we had already been there for an 1 hour and 30 mins.  When the entrees came.  My ended up coming our first we waited for another 15 mins before we had to ask where my wifes dish was.  After another 15 mins that come out.  Not once were we asked if we needed another drink or how our food was.  Luckly the food tasted very good but our service to put it in a nice way left much to be desired.  I would have gave it 4 stars if the service was better.Wonderful location and good,food!!  I highly recommend the Galvez!!!  Wish they could utilize the outdoor areas more frequently!!!Nice place with good, reasonably priced menu and a great view of the river.  Well worth the effort to find it (BEHIND the French Market).This is fabulous food prepared with the utmost of care.  The martini, beet salad and seafood was delicious!  Really delicious.  With a view of the Mississippi, what is not to like?  Love this place recommended by our local host.Spanish influenced Louisiana cuisine.  Some items were very good, other were just average - some were overcooked and dry.  There are a lot better restaurants but if you don't get reservations elsewhere, this is a decent optionThis was the worst meal I've been to in New Orleans. We went for Coolinary and it was an absolute waste of money. Every course (including the drinks!) was either inedible or just enormously underwhelming for the price we were paying. The service wasn't good either. I would highly advise against this restaurant!First experience here on Friday, April 19.  Our server was very friendly at first. We had reservations at 8:30 in the evening for a party of 11 (five checks) which was somewhat large, but shouldn't have been overwhelming. We placed our drink orders, the server returns about 15 minutes later (still no beverages) and took our dinner orders. Another 10 minutes passes and we were informed there was a computer glitch and we had to resubmit our drink orders (which is understandable sometimes - computers can be a real pain). Finally received our drinks in another 15 minutes. Another hour passes and our entrees finally arrived. Dishes ranged in temperature from very hot to lukewarm. The taste was generally good, but my filet was specifically ordered sans the bourbon sauce, and yes it arrived with the sauce. I tried it anyway, but the sauce was definitely scorched (bitter, burned flavor). At this point, our original orders had taken way too much time to arrive, I didn't want the others in my party to wait another hour for my dinner to arrive and who wants to be the only person eating at their table. So I sent the steak back and asked for it to be removed from my bill. The attitude of the server changed at that time. When we received our check, one of the dishes had been entered twice on the bill. We asked for it to be corrected, it took 25 minutes for the server to inform us that he was "able" to have the duplicated item removed.  We gave our server our credit cards and it took ANOTHER 15 minutes for him to return our receipts and credit cards. We arrived about 8:15 and did not leave the restaurant until after 11:30. The amout of waiting time was unacceptable. The food was good, but definitely not worth the hassle. Our waiter was unorganized, certainly not suited for a fine dining environment. A suggestion to the mangement: you may consider improving your staff training in customer service, knowledge of offerings and handling of equipment and staff failures. I think this establishment has potential, but I would not recommend to others at this time unless the issues above are addressed.It's in the French Quarter, but Galvez pays homage to the Spaniards who settled New Orleans before the French arrived.  The menu is tapas and continental and the cooking is superb!  Try the paella or any of the fresh fish entrees. Chef Laura Cedillo and her staff made it a great experience for our party of four.  The live piano music was a perfect accompaniment to the meal.
The restaurant is right on the riverfront and boasts a killer view of the Mississippi. It was raining the night we went there but the hostess invited us to come back in nicer weather when they throw open the outdoor balconies.  I think we'll take her up on that next time we're in New Orleans!The service was TERRIBLE!!! We waited for 2 hours before were served our entrees. Ridiculous. Food was great.... When it FINALLY arrived. When we were first seated, we waited 20 mins before anyone took our drinks orders. Will never go back. Horrible service.I came here with my fiancee and had a lovely time. Taking the price out of the equation, I found this to be great place for Sunday brunch. There were three guys taking care of the dining room, and all three were very good at their jobs, and left us with a smile after every interaction. We had the bottomless mimosas while watching boat traffic on the river, and likely spent about 2 hours there. While the kitchen was slow, the wait staff weren't, and our mimosas were never empty during the 2 hours that we were there. While my stomach didn't enjoy the roughly half gallon of orange juice that I consumed, the food was top notch, the portions were a bit small for the price, and the bottle of champagne couple with the excellent service, meant that left the place in high spirits, with a huge smile on my face.Good drink specials, waiters are very nice, the view is the best in the city, and their brunch is delicious. Last time i went the waiter let us sit in the balcony, and he never skipped a beat during our whole dining experience. Every time i go there is not many people in there, which makes it feel even more quaint.Happy hour last night. Beautiful setting. We sat on the balcony. Table had broken tiles. Server/bartender suggested sampler platter. It was just ok. It was not served hot...Meal/platter could have been hotter & tasted better. Server said very loudly, "Prefer cash tips".Not too impressive.Great place, from location, food & service. I have only tried the brunch menu, but definitely will be going back to try therest of the Menu. 
Their "Sopa Gallega" is a must try. You'll not be dissapointed.My wife and I had a great meal there last night. She had the avocado and salsa and I had the crab and corn bisque. The food came quick, very well prepared and delicious.  We each had different Paellas (she the carne and me the valenciana) and they were both hot, full of fresh and tasty ingredients and substantial. The jalapeño sauce on the side allowed us to spice up to our own tastes. My wife makes a killer paella so my bar for it is pretty high, but this was a very capable contender.
The wait staff was efficient and friendly, and the view of the river added to a pleasant experience. so all in all we were very satisfied. I am sure we will return on our next trip to New Orleans.We had dinner at Galvez last night, and while the setting is beautiful, everything we ate was completely bland and tasteless. We started with the manchego croquettes that tasted like deep fried mashed potatoes with no seasoning. We had the scallops and salmon as main courses and both were completely overcooked and underseasoned. In short, I have never had a meal in New Orleans in this price range that was so bland and disappointing. We are having several house guests in town soon and were thinking of taking them to Galvez for the view, but I would hate it to be the impression of New Orleans cuisine our guests leave town remembering. I would definitely not recommend Galvez despite the view.We just had our wedding in the Atrium Ballroom at Galvez and loved it!  The room is fantastic!  It has one of the best views of the city, with the Mississippi River on one side and the French Quarter on the other.  Tara, the coordinator at Galvez, is great.  She made the wedding great!  Thanks to her for everything!  Oh, and the food was outstanding, too!Soon as our research showed Galvez was a lovely restaurant, offering veggie options, we made sure to get rezzies for our must recent trip to New Orleans.  Restaurants tend to book up fast during Jazz Fest & when you're vegetarian, it's especially critical to plan ahead of time & secure places that can feed you
Located on the 2nd floor in the French Market area, there was a wonderful view of the river & an even more wonderful breeze cooling down the place
Waited at the bar while our table was being prepared, we asked about the red or white sangria & were steered towards the red - sweet & dry & very tasty. The bartender warned to be careful w the fruit due to cognac & tequila.......those things tend to sneak up on a person so we were grateful for the advice!
Shared 2 appies:
Manchego Puffs - creamy & like a potato croquette. 
Cubed Potatoes w/ spicy tomato sauce
Entree for us both was the Veggie Paella. This dish was huge & we could have easily split 1 & been more than happy
Tons of summer squash & yummy butter beans. Rice was nice & tender. Way too full for dessert
Overall, this place gave us a fun & relaxing meal - the staff was super friendly & we enjoyed a leisurely eveningThis was a fine restaurant. I've been meaning to try it for a long time. The food was good, the prices for the tapas reasonable. The best thing about the restaurant is the view. The waiter seemed a little put-off when we mentioned we were only doing tapas and not ordering entrees, even though we also got a pitcher of sangria. Other than that, it was pleasant enough though not spectacular.I have been here 3 times now, once for dinner and twice for brunch.  The Sunday brunch is a 3 course meal that was big enough to split between 2 people making it affordable, and then the $3 Mimosas and Bloody Mary's make you want to enjoy one of the best views in the city all day.  For dinner the Paella is amazing along with all of the soups and most of the appetizers.I do not yelp but had to after this meal because it was EXTREMELY BAD! If you are thinking about trying this restaurant, DON'T!
Our waiter recommended the special fish of the day. It was crab cake on grilled fish with some creammy sauce.  The fish was tiny and hidden under a gigantic crab cake which would have been fine except the crab cake was rotten tasting - it had a smell of crab gone bad because it was not refrigerated! I had one bite and left the rest on the plate.  The sauce that covered the entire entrée looked like barf on a plate. It was really that bad.  My girls had paella and again the mussels were stinky smelling!  The beet salad had dressing that was extremely vinegary, I couldn't taste anything but the sour vinegar! Poor waiter he was nice but perhaps he was never given the food to taste because there was no way he could look any customer in the eye and recommend these dishes as 'really good'. We paid $90 for food that I would not pay for! I was thoroughly disappointed and felt a little angry that they can serve this poor quality of food in the French Quarter through selling the view of the water. I hope the owner will do something about this.Mediocre food with a great view. You enter the restaurant downstairs and walk past an interesting and colorful mural to get to an elevator to take you to the second floor and restaurant. I came here for Sunday Brunch. I ordered a Spinach Salad with Beets and blue cheese. The waitress comes back from the kitchen to tell me they are out of beets and they sub apples and candied pecans. The salad is good but is salty in the dressing and compounded by the blue cheese. I also ordered the garlic soup which was tasty but also salted with a heavy hand. I did enjoy watching the riverboats and other ships cruise the Mississippi River while I dined, but the "burn" in my mouth from too much salt made me not want to come back.This was a great last minute find after a long day in the city. We had a great experience from minute one. We arrived early (flying out early the next morning) and where seated immediately. We had a table facing the river and watched a storm come in with some great lightning strikes. The view of the river could not have been better. 
We read on here about Chris, the bartender, and his drink "Rosemary's Baby". I usually stay away from mixed drinks, but gave this a shot and loved it - perfect on a hot day. 
Keenan took great care of us. We went the tapas route and found the food to be great and the portions to be much larger than expected. The salad, corn chowder, BBQ shrimp and crawfish empanadas we all prepared really well and the chocolate cake we took with is for dessert was wonderful. 
Thanks for a great experience.The concierge at the hotel we were staying at recommended the Galvez Restaurant for dinner one night.    This place will do it!Fell upon this place for Sunday brunch and was pleasantly surprised. They have a fixed brunch menu that I wanna say was $25 a person or something not terrible for three courses. 
Seemed like much of the menu had a Spanish theme which was refreshing to see in a town that has so much Spanish history beneath its more recent French occupation. 
They are fairly flexible with a "Fixed menu" also which is always nice. My fiancé ordered a la carte and they made it work for a reduced price. 
The view is fantastic. Best place for a bloody mary and a view of the river in the quarter. Love the suprise of it all too, because you dont even know what you're in for until you come out of the elevator.Incredible staff make this place worth stopping by even for a cocktail only. Chris is an incredible bartender. I highly recommend this drink he makes called "Rosemary's Baby." Sweet but not too sweet, fresh and summery.
Also, you can't miss the breathtaking views. If you're walking around the quarter during a hot summer day and need a cool place with good cocktails, stop by and spend some time with Chris and his crew. I promise you won't regret it!!We were drawn by the COOLinary menu, which was quite a bit more extensive than most participating restaurants in the French Quarter.  
The first course tapas were really good.  Our favorite was the manchego bombas, but the crab cakes, avocado salad, meatballs, and potatas bravas were also really good.  
The second entree course is where they kind of lost us.  The food wasn't bad , but we tried all three entrees offered and each was pretty well doused in sauce.  I thought it completely overpowered the rest of the food.
Third course was similar to the first - better than the second.  Again, we tried all the options.  The bread pudding and flan were ok, but the sorbet was really good!
Our meal also came with a glass of sangria.  We tried the red and enjoyed it.  A little sweet, but that's to be expected from sangria.
The restaurant itself was nice and there are great views of the river.  Our server was actually the bar tender and he was appropriately accommodating and attentive.
I'd recommend checking out this place for the views, drinks, and tapas, but maybe skip the entrees.We live less than 2 blocks away but had never been until last week.   In a nutshell the food was great and the service terrible.   And on a Wednesday no less.    Changed servers 3 times in 45 mins.    Disregarded the order of the dishes we requested.  Forgot one all together.   Had to ask 3 times for second drink.  We decided to go all Tapas this time and each of the 5 or 6 we had were very good.    Fantastic views from the balconies - although access to river side balcony was blocked which I assume was some unresolved issue on it because that was the one thing the server was very attentive to ...    "You can't go out there!"   
Great space for a private party.   My guess is that they prosper so much from those that the regular restaurant business is not a big priority.On Mardi Gras Saturday we were able to get a window seat at 5.30pm.  With a large open window next to us it was almost a balcony seat. Unfortunately for them and fortunate for us. Being hidden on Dutch Alley rather than on the high-traffic N. Peters its hard to find but this is the best restaurant view of the Miss. River in the Quarter.
The tapas were great.  We asked the waitress to bring a table full of them for the four of us.  Her choice.  It was very good.  The service was wonderful.   
We really enjoyed this.I have been here twice and I give the place 5 full stars.  I really love the service, the atmosphere of the restaurant is top notch.  You get a nice view of the river and the building is very old and elegant.  A very special place.
The food is very tasty and unique.  I recommend it highly.It was ok.  Even though we made a reservation, they did not have a table ready for us, though the place was near empty (we went on a weeknight).  
The service was very slow and the waiter kept forgetting small things like our drinks.  
The food was good, but not superb.  I was expecting a little more from this place.We had a very romantic dinner at this hidden gem. The restaurant features tapas and Ecuadorian food and serves the best sangria I've ever tasted. Try to reserve the only booth that overlooks the Mississippi River for a remarkable romantic dinner. The staff here are very friendly and the food is exquisite. A definite MUST TRY while in NOLA.I made a reservation at OpenTable.com and wrote in the notes that we were celebrating my husband's 30th birthday...We walked into the restaurant and we were greeted as "Mr and Mrs X" and between you and me...our last name is difficult to pronounce and it is a rare occasion that anyone pronounces it correctly. 
We were seated right away with a beautiful 2nd story view of the water. It was the perfect setting to watch the paddle boats with their little twinkle lights float by and sparkle. 
We had 4 people in our party and we had a pitcher of their white sangria to start us off. It was wonderful, perfectly light, crisp, and fruity (perfect for the warm weather.) 
The other couple that joined us are vegetarians (including no seafood), so I was a bit concerned on what options would be available. THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO IN NOLA IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR VEGETARIAN OPTIONS.
 A little feedback on the food...the ceviche was to die for (it is my husband's favorite thing to eat, so we have had plenty and this was some of the best if not the best.) The clams in wine sauce were also delicious, they only lasted about 2 minutes before they were gone. For the vegetarian dishes, the Patas Brava was awesome, as were Manchego Croquettes. We also had the Sherried Spinach and the Vegetarian Paella which were perfect. We tried the Gazpacho and it was #1...Halfway through dinner, we order a pitcher of the red wine sangria and I was in love, it was a little sweeter than the white sangria, but also a perfect compliment to a phenomenal meal. 
They waitress/staff were so accommodating to all guests requests...our friends ordered the Potato Cake with Asparagus (which is supposed to come with scallops on top) and it was no problem, they seemed pleased to make us happy customers. 
To top it all off, they brought out the bread pudding with rum sauce with a birthday candle for my husband. All of the staff were so helpful with other recommendations and they answered each of our tourism questions thoughtfully and in depth. The only negative part of this restaurant is that is was so perfect, no other meal/restaurant during our stay in New Orleans was comparable! Thank you to the wonderful chef and staff for making it such a successful and memorable event!We just ate at Galvez tonight for a friend's birthday and it was excellent. Everything I tried was delicious. The Spanish cheese plate, the beet salad, avocado salad, soups, shrimp, salmon, paella, bouillabaisse- it was all SO good. The birthday girl thought her seafood paella was "just ok" but the chicken and sausage paella I sampled was great.
The piano player added a great ambiance with sophisticated jazz versions of popular songs. The lighting was dark and intimate and the view of the river was beautiful.  The wine list was nice and the service was good. Not incredibly fast, but good. First course arrived together, main course arrived together as well. 
In my opinion, Galvez's rating on Yelp is hurt by some old negative reviews that no longer apply. Trust the newest ones and you won't be sorry.
Also, I was unable to get Opentable to return reservation results. I called Galvez and was surprised to get a table for 8 on a Saturday night. The restaurant was half full at the most. And to say it is 'quiet' and 'casual' is a bit misleading. Relative to Bourbon St. it is much quieter and much less casual. It's a nice restaurant with a moderate noise level.I love everything about this restaurant, from the skyline views, the service, and lastly the tasty food.  If you are looking for a fusion of Spanish and New Orleans food, this is the place to be.  I always ordered the Paella de Valenciana and the Crab cake Galvez's.   The restaurant is known for their 3 course Sunday brunch with Mimosa.UPDATE #. Are you kidding me! The charges I thought were comped showed up on my card two weeks later. WTF! Is this yet another sign of incompetence? This place is an f'ing train wreck and a sad joke. They should be shut down ASAP. It's a great location with nice decor. Get a restraunteur in there that can find his/her butt with both hands.
UPDATE #2. The Chef/owner contacted me and made things right. I think we will try the place again. After all, the food and view were nice. I'm going to bump the rating up another star, and chalk up the experience to holiday substitute staff.
------------
Good food if you can get it.
I don't care that it was Christma Eve. If you are open for business and charging full prices you need to hold up your end of the bargain or close for the night.  Reservations were for 8:00 PM and we saw several tables set and ready but were seated at the bar because no tables were ready? Really? Good bar, bartender and river view, by the way.
Chair arrangement at our rectangular table wasn't to our liking so we rearranged ourselves. No biggie. Order was taken in a reasonable amount of time, then time stopped. Most of us got the five-course offering. The complimentary potatoe cheese balls were great. MUCH later the salads arrived. Not bad. Our plates were removed including bread plates. MUCH later the bread arrived with a tiny dish of olive oil I presume. The woman who delivered the bread did not understand the problem with the bread plates, nor did she know how to communicate about olive oil in English. I don't have a problem with the language barrier, but in light of everything else....
MUCH later our waiter asked how things were going. We finally got bread plates. MUCH later we were told entrees are coming out. We pointed out that the first course had not been served. Server's classy response was "Oh sh_t!"  First course orders were wrong, tea order never came, second glass of wine never came. Very late arriving main courses were generally good, though one party member did not care for the salmon. Desserts were solid.
I had to get pushy about getting the check in a timely manner. We were giggling as we left because we will be talking about this for years. A family memory was born last night, so two stars instead of one.
Update: Manager contacted me with apologies and hoping for an opportunity to make things right in the future. Appreciated.If you think it's unfair to rate a restaurant based on one visit on Christmas Day, then ignore this review.  My opinion is that if you're going to be open on Christmas and promise families a special holiday dinner experience, then you better be prepared to deliver, and almost nothing about our Galvez experience was up to snuff.
We arrived fifteen minutes early and had to wait over 25 minutes for a table. That's not terrible, except there was no room at the bar, so we waited in a room next to the hostess stand that had chipped paint, burnt out light bulbs and wall sconces with broken and missing glass shades.  
Maybe the decor of Galvez appeals to some folks, but I find both rooms rather charmless. (I'm sure it's different in summer with the doors thrown open to the river.) One room is loud and cavernous with poor lighting and a light blue tint that felt cold and sterile to me (and more chipped paint!), while the other room feels more like a banquet hall than a fine-dining restaurant. (And seriously, at an expensive restaurant, employees have no way of identifying tables without resorting to Old Country Buffet-like table number stands and signs?)
When we were finally seated, it took almost fifteen minutes for a server to visit us and over 20 more minutes for drinks to be delivered. 
Three of our party ordered from the five-course Reveillon Christmas menu, and our servers forgot one entire course! Worse yet, by the time the main course arrived for the people who ordered Reveillon dinners, one person in our group who ordered off the regular menu had yet to receive even his soup. The servers were confused and disorganized.  
The food was not exceptional. The gumbo was adequate, the Empandas were almost tasteless and my dinner was served rather lukewarm. Even dessert was disappointing--Galvez offered a dessert with cookies and a hot chocolate sauce for dipping, and the cookies were four boring, tiny, store-bought cookies. (Hey, the chocolate dipping sauce was good, at least.) 
All in all, this was a very disappointing holiday meal for our family. It seemed as if Galvez was not properly or professionally staffed for the holiday. Perhaps they should have been closed if they couldn't get enough staff to offer guests the holiday dinner they expected and were promised.Just finished Valentines Day dinner. Service was great, dinner was very good.  Staff was nice and atmosphere good great river view. Great background guitar music. 
Perfect time for dinner for us starting to get crowded.Absolutely awesome and hidden on the river from the mainstream tourist. The ceviche was great - one of the best I have has. The marinade is red, perhaps a red bell-pepper purée, and makes it stand out compared to some of the more texmex ceviches.  The special was a drum filet layered with grit cake, crab cake topped with two shrimp.My fiance and I took our families here the night before our wedding. The restaurant has terrific views of the river so it made for a perfect setting. The food was delicious, especially the avocado salad! What tainted our experience was the manager/hostess,(at least I think that is what her role was). We couldn't quite figure out if it was just her manner or if she had had a few drinks but it made for very awkward interactions. The first red flag was how she poured our sangria, she would pick up a glass and proceed to pour it with half missing the glass and ending up on the floor and half ending up in the glass but she didn't seem to notice and it happened with all 6 glasses! Her shoes must have been soaked... After the sangria we ordered a bottle of wine which turned out to have been corked so we brought it to her attention and she told us it tasted fine to her.... Regardless, we made a different selection and she went off to get it. She must have gotten lost along the way because we didnt get it until the end of our dinner! We opted out of dessert and drank what we could before we had to leave to make our drinks engagement. Outside of her, the staff were very friendly and welcoming, I only wish she had left them to it.My sister's wedding reception was held at Galvez last night and it couldn't have been more perfect! 
Chris makes an absolutely amazing Sazerac! Transcendant.
You'll want to ask for the Rosemary's Baby as well. That is a custom drink that Chris and another bartender there created for mother's day one year. 
Pat, our waiter, must have been partly psychic. He anticipated our wants and needs before we knew we wanted or needed them. He even went out into the street and got us a taxi! Ultimate service. 
Tara was an absolute angel in helping my sister get everything exactly how she wanted it. The food was superb! It felt like something out of a dream - perfection all over the place. It was the perfect place to end a fairytale wedding.Mother's Day 2015, 1st time and probably the last tome. Service was extremely slow, we didnt place our order until 30 mins after arrival, which was the same time we received our bottomless mimosas which were not kept refreshed. The place was mot crowded,  there were 3 tables not even being used. The food was good, and the views were beautiful. I think the only reason it may be so popular is because of the views andnit so happens to serve New Orleans cuisine with a spanish twist. I will not go into specifics of what ti order, it was all good.Went here on Halloween with some colleagues and clients, and everything was fabulous. The restaurant is hard to find, as you need to go up an elevator to get to the dining room. If I hadn't literally walked into the clapboard sign on the sidewalk, we would have gone right past it. I was the first to arrive with my colleague, and the woman who ran the place was very charming and friendly. She took us out on the balcony and showed us the view and talked about some of the local sites.The decor had an elegant, Old World feel. We asked for a table near the window to enjoy the view, and the waiter reset the table to accomodate the number in our party. The drinks were great--I had a couple Sazeracs, which is a local drink with bourbon and absinthe. The gumbo was really well done, not too spicy and with a lot of flavor; definitely the best I've had. Rather than the tapas plates, I went with an entree, the catch of the day, served with a large crabcake, big shrimp, and a crawfish sauce. It was like 3 meals in one! Overall it was a very satisfying meal. It's not cheap, however. My 2 drinks, gumbo, entre, and tip set us back about $75-80 per person. Definitely a restaurant worthy of special occasions.Convenient location, beautiful views from floor to ceiling windows in the banquet room and very accommodating staff. Good vegetarian options. I was here for a private event so I can't comment on everyday food and service but they did really well hosting our holiday party.Stunning location that really is perhaps the best view in the city. The servers are generally knowledgeable and helpful, if occasionally uneven. The bartender is a total booze nerd and one of the best encountered in several time zones for enthusiasm. By all accounts, the chef/owner is a delight to work for. And there is a level of loyalty at this restaurant that is a relatively rare find in the high-turnover world of NOLA service/hospitality. What a gem, it's only sad to think of it as being (deservedly) more crowded in the future.My daughter (21) had never experienced paella. Since rice and shellfish are two of her favorite things, I was sure Galvez would make a hit.
The paella was absolutely nothing special; seasoned but not spiced and without the pervasive flavor of shellfish liquor and nice smoky taste I've come to enjoy so much.
That being said, the dining room is lovely with high ceilings and cut flowers throughout all overlooking the Mississippi. Service was adequate.
Because wine prices were so inflated, we opted for cocktails which were very professionally done. The couple at the next table were greeted as regulars and ordered two specials which looked very good.Chef Laura Cedillo and her team are as good as it gets.  Are you tired of mindless corporate dining? Then The Galvez Restaurant should be your next stop.  The waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable and accommodating, and the GM/Sommelier will definitely answer any questions that may arise.  I cant think of any better atmosphere to take a date or plan a corporate event.  The architecture of the building and the stunning view coupled with the magnificent service will leave you with memories that will last a lifetime.  Thank you!We enjoyed this restaurant very much.  The decor is lovely, and there's a beautiful view of the river.   Everyone was very welcoming and accommodating.  We enjoyed several tapas dishes.  Everything  beautifully presented, well prepared and tasty.  Freshly baked bread was also provided.   We would certainly return for dinner next time we are in NO.  The Spanish dishes and the elegant decor were a refreshing change after several days of fried food and dark little French Quarter dives.I took my dad to bruch for Father's Day, and it was was amazing! Their gumbo (and I have eaten a lot of gumbo) was amazing! It was made with a very dark roux that made it taste rich. The staff was great, atmosphere was great...it was perfect!Take. My. Breath. Away. Find the secret location, take the elevator up to the glorified banquet hall, grab some sangria at the bar (pitcherS, not glasses), and have a seat on the breezy terrace overlooking the river.
The food is excellent and filling, the patrons are happy and a lot appear to be regulars (even the out-of-towners), and the service is fantastic.
This is a not-to-be-missed spot. Some tips: get there early when they open, order one of everything on the tapas menu, get a pitcher or two of sangria, and ask for a table outside. You won't be disappointed. And you might just leave with some new friends!We found this gem by accident.  The staff was marvelous, very attentive, but not over bearing.  We had the shrimp appetizer, the fried olives, and two other appetizers, Wow we're the marvelous,  Our entrees were delicious one steak and one lamb.  I saved the best for last the view of the river was incredible.  Remember this place is hard to find, but well worth it.I will preface this review by saying that we had the Reveillon Dinner on Christmas Day. Naturally things wouldn't be as they would be on a normal day in terms of service. The staff looked deeply frazzled and punch-drunk, and rushed around like they were charging towards the finish line. I've been in food service. I understand that sensation. However, that doesn't really make for a good atmosphere for the guests. 
The food was quite good, as was the quantity. My duck arrived a little cold, but not cold enough to send it back. Our waiter did not ask us if we wanted to order drinks, then when we ordered a bottle of wine, forgot to bring it to us. Although we ordered all our courses up front, he kept asking us what we ordered before the food was brought out. 
We felt very rushed up until the time it came to pay. It took forever for our bills to come. We had to start putting on our jackets before anyone came over. 
The food was the saving grace, but the service left a lot to be desired. If I lived in New Orleans, I would probably give it another chance on another day of the year. As it is, I can't particularly recommend them for a special occasion if you're looking for atmosphere and a truly pleasant dining experience.This place is great! Too many people don't know about it because it's tucked away behind the French Market, but the food is very good and it's a really fun atmosphere -- second-floor windows looking over the river, etc.