Wow, I've been coming to NOLA for over 20 years and this was my first trip to Frenchmen St. I was not disappointed!!!  Great live music, very CLEAN bar with the best pizza I've ever had!!!  Not a huge menu, but if you want great music in a comfy place away from the crazy crowd, THIS IS IT!!!Great looking spot, nice band and no cover. I wouldn't really be swayed too much by the three one-star reviews underneath. Seems like three people in the same party wrote a bad review EACH for ONE incident which occurred on NOLA's busiest day of the year, Fat Tuesday, no less. C'mon, guys. That's just being a bit unfair.
I had an After Dark and my boyfriend had an East Meets West. Perfectly fine drinks and the service was great. We got a spot at the bar as soon as we walked in (granted, it's the Monday after Mardi Gras).Delicious jambalaya and great live music! We liked that this was out of the craziness of Bourbon street and felt a little more authenticFavorite spot on Frenchmen, and one of my favorite bars in NOLA. If I'm on Frenchmen, my night always ends at 3090, for a little bit of Jazz downstairs, and the awesome DJ upstairs!Shane was the best waiter.  He told us about feminist specials and helped us select our choices.  He suggested crawfish dip that was DELICIOUS!  The raspberry chipotle chicken wings were extraordinary!   The music was great.  Very neat place in a cool neighborhood!This place was fun spot on Frenchmen! There was a great young band playing jazz when we came in. They did a great job. Ian (the bartender) made excellent cocktails. He made me a green gin martini concoction for my first drink and a amazing authentic (but potent) Sazerac for my second drink.   
If you are looking for a fun, chill vibe bar where you can drink and listen to jazz with friends, add this place to the list!We sat at a table at around 10pm and listened to the first band and had a lot of fun but would not have been extremely memorable. We waited for the next band and planned to listen for a couple songs. The next band was Hyperphlyy and they were so much fun!! They played songs you knew but didn't know you loved them so much! We stayed until 1:30am and we are people that go to bed at 9pm....
Couldn't find my credit card and manager Nick was extremely helpful and completely professional. We were really impressed!
Go here!I rarely write reviews. Honestly I've never experienced such rude and hurtfully disrespectful service in my life.  Racist(never play that card) and/or idiotic staff almost ruined a segment of a great weekend night for our bachelor party.  Just avoid, enough great people and food in NOLA.Wanted to love this spot but unfortunately didn't have the best experience.  Went on a Wednesday night for happy hour and it was pretty busy but managed to get a table.  They only had one waitress working so we had to wait quite a bit for service - seemed odd to only have one person working when it was so busy.  
We ordered a dozen raw oysters and a dozen charbroiled oysters.  The raw oysters were great, the charbroiled oysters were only okay (especially compared to Acme)
Just stayed for happy hour so can't speak to the rest of their food!Food was terribly oversalted for our entire party of 6. My girlfriend alerted the waitress to the issue in the interest of future patrons that night but had a lukewarm response. We could all tell that our individual dishes would have been tasty if not for the over-salting. I had the shrimp and grits, others had the jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo.has a great time here.  experienced my first live performance with the band that was there when  i dropped in.  muscicians seemed really tired though but hey it was the end of the essence festival.  it was a fun place.Great place to go! Band is amazing. Great jazz but does covers of old popular songs. Really enjoyed myself! Must visit.Cold air pours onto the street at this very loud "restaurant" where this morning before they open the clean up crew blocked the entire sidewalk with their garbage cans and refused to let me pass.  My hands are full so I push my way through to the threats of violence from the large male crew member.  I have smelled good things coming from the kitchen but may never spend dime here if this is how they are represented on the street.Stumbled upon this place after dinner, so we didn't get to try their food but we did have a couple drinks. And OMG the drinks were thee BEST! Ask for Aaron and his famous Hurricane! You will not be sorry. Hands down the best in NOLA and that alone deserves 5-stars!Not sure where to start! We met the chef Jason (Chicago kid, Cubs fan, Hawks fan! Doesn't get any better) on the street, across from his restaurant, at a bar we stumbled out of! They are a new place and just opened for Mardi Gras 2015! They are off to a great start! Jason cooked me up oysters 5 different ways! Incredibly Awesome! They do pizza, all  fresh, made to order ingredients, and the crust, you guessed it homemade! (Remember the kids from Chicago,) only the best pizza in the world is made in Chicago! This guy brings it!  He adds the NOLA culinary excellence in his pizzas! Truly a delight! Where can you get a Chicago style pizza thin crust with Sunday's left over crawfish boil as the toppings?! (This isn't on the menu but he isn't afraid to experiment.) Crawfish, potatoes, (I know double starch but not to worry) corn, Cajun spices, add a little sausage n cheese on a delicious crust and it's truly a culinary experience! The bar is fresh the music is awesome!  the waitress, Brandy is a sweetheart, great sense of humor and a lot of fun! Try there twist on a version of the Moscow mule it was really great! We will definitely be back! This place is a hit!!One star only because our waitress, Leah, was incredibly rude the entire time. Truly ruined the experience. Without her, the atmosphere was great, awesome live band! Would recommend it, unless Leah is your waitress--then expect to not have everyone in your group asked for their orders, greeted with a ridiculous attitude, and randomly given the bill without asking if we would like more drinks. Good luck! Great experience, minus her!Awesome show...Bar food was the best I've had. The waitress was amazing..a must to checkout in NOLAThis place has opened up 3 weeks ago and the bands here are simply brilliant.
They serve only pizza. We ordered 4 cheese and the chicken pesto..., the 4 cheese was ok and chicken was good..,, the overall ambience and service is great.... I'm sure this place will be a hit but they need to change their menu a bitAwesome bands downstairs, top 40 dj upstairs. Gives you the best of both worlds on Frenchmen and rarely has a coverThe service is terrible. We sat down for 30 minutes and no one came to get our order. We let the waitress know that no one had taken our order, and she said just a minute. It turned out to be forever. We let the manager know and he said the same thing but nothing happened. We saw the waitress walk back and forth and ignored us when we tried to get her attention. We ended up ordering from the bar ourselves. The drinks were ok, but no comment about the food cause we never tasted it and never will!Great flat bread! The small was too much for me and I can eat. Music was fantastic! The server was very friendly...solidly the bast music and bar experience we had this trip.  The band was awesome, awesome ...did I say awesome?! 
The Bardot 57 was yummy.  Which is why I can't recall name of the bandThe music here is phenom. There's a raised stage with plenty of seating compared to other jazz places in the area. Even with all the seating, this place gets packed and people end up standing crowded around the seating so that if you're seated at the edge, you feel like they're breathing down your neck. Sometimes people will actually stand in front of the seating (very rude). 
The service is also pretty slow. There was one waitress working and she never brought our water which we asked for twice. She also insisted we "open a tab" with our credit card as it is policy before we even had a bite of our food, after which, she just went ahead and closed the tab anyway and gave us our bill mid-way through our meal. As a policy, I don't sign for the bill before I'm done with my meal because, well, I don't know, service should perhaps still be provided and the service I receive is how I tip -- odd concept, I know, at least it was to the waitress. She came over many times during our meal (where was she when we were actually waiting to order?) and literally huffed and puffed out loud when she saw the receipt wasn't signed.No more fifty cent oysters ("that was last year"). The regular raw oyster plate comes with two sauces, horseradish & mustard, and salad with strawberries is very nice & good size. Alcohol is measured carefully.  Service is confused, from a bartender who ignores everyone, including band members on break, then does not understand questions, to slow arrival of everything (at least that got an apology from deliverer). Ambiance is black box. If band is good, stay for them.One of the best spots on Frenchman St. Good food, good music and good fun! From open until close! If you are in the New Orleans area definitely check them out wether you want to go out on the town for the day or even at night the music is always live! You got downstairs with the live band and the upstairs balcony bar nightclub with some of the best DJ's in the New Orleans area! And also great staff with great service!Great music venue with good food & drinks as well. We sat outside & could hear the music and see the bands play. Will return on our next visit.I was there with my wife, daughter, and a few friends on 3/29. We sat outside in the courtyard. I must say the staff, the Manager Mia and the Chef "Smitty from the City" were just great and very attentive. Music was on point as well. We had three different kids of pizza and the roasted oysters. And the Bar Tender knows how to pour a good drink.  All were excellent. Next time in NOLA this place is a must.Good live music. We got there while the band setting up so we got a front row table. They had full table service and good drinks they have some food items to choose from. The nachos where okay I wouldn't order them again. The crawfish 2lb special for 15.99 was a good nibble while drinking and listening to music. The stars  are mostly for the entertainment, it was awesome  took one star away for the so-so food. But you don't come to here for the food anyway you come for the live  music and dancing. This place delivered.This place is extremely under-rated. Not crowded, great music, extremely well priced, with fantastic food. Their shrimp and grits were sooooo good. Love this place!!We came in from Oklahoma City and went exploring Frenchman Street. After a long walk and wondering from bar to bar, we overheard some great music and came across a not so jam packed bar which happened to be 30 90. We came in and were instantly greeted and the bartender asked what we wanted. The group of five of us ordered hurricanes and they were outstanding! Our bartender was a very nice curly brown haired lady who catered to us all nice. Constantly checking in on us even while we were sat on the patio.
The people who gathered at this bar were more than friendly as well! We were starving and some locals spoke with us and shared their pizza - which they have got OUTSTANDING pizza! Their four cheese is killer! I would definitely recommend even for a visit to pop in!Great live music on a Monday night. Enjoy some drinks while the band does some great covers. Food was not being served at the time I was there.
Pretty large place with a good amount of tables and chairs.I think I spent one of my whole nights here because they have amazing live bands and the second day I came they had one of the best bands I ever heard (I believe Genes Music Machine), I was hooked and just kept buying drinks.
Overall the space here is excellent with plenty of space and 2 floors.I blantantly saw a waitress steal a tip off the table when our food came out, the "manager" tried to force us full price while including a "free dessert" which was never (brought but included) because the drinks that the bartenders served us, came out 40 minutes late and under poured.1st time over to Frenchman street. Came to get a tattoo down the street and stumbled in here. Clean, nice club with great music and excellent food. Wife had the red beans & rice with Andouille. ...it was amazing and great service with a friendly staff....we shall return!Laurie took very good care of our group of four. Nice nice new venue. Menu is limited to Pizza and oysters. We had the Muffuletta pizza Which was very good.
Live music was very good with two bands the night we were there.
Mike the manager was very helpful also.Yo, if you are in the N. O. This is a must go fa sho.... The live jazz band on the first floor is cool, but check out the balcony/2nd floor upstairs, nice music nice ambiance, and very good service all around. When you are done frolicking in the French Quarter,l/bourbon st. Hop on over to Frenchman St, and hit up 3090.Great live jazz band. Great drinks. I love the vibe. Such a fun area to bar hop and see live music inside and on Frenchman Street.  The is an upstairs area with DJ and balcony, however you can't miss the live music downstairs. We were glued.This place has great potential. Great Jazz music, and bar service. Yet, poor communication skills of employees--actually rude with poor etiquette. While enjoying the music, drinks and about to order food our table and those of the groups around us were removed by staff. 
They gave no real explanation or warning at any time that this was coming. We were told we had to get off the table and to leave if we didn't like it. We tried to talk to the owner/manager and he said it was his employees and not him. He had nothing to do with it. Unbelievable. He took no ownership and had no leadership to offer his staff. A group of 4 at the table next to us, and our group of three left immediately after being treated this way. It hardly put a dent in his profits I imagine. It was a very busy evening being Fat Tuesday. Yet, I can't help but to think this place will not live up to its potential with such poor management and a distinct lack of leadership. The staff has not even been working long enough to have such poor customer service and attitudes. This place is newly opened!I walked into this restaurant with high hopes. First, I was brought in by an exceptionally sassy host. I was seated outside which I think was a good thing because inside seemed very loud and crowded. After ordering, the first meal took 10 minutes and the rest of the meals were brought to the table over the course after the next hour. The food wasn't exceptional, but wasn't bad. All in all, decent food, but not ideal for people in a hurry.Jordan the bartender here is amazing! I had a great pims cup. Great music and ambiance. Friendly service and a great crowd.This bar does everything right, one of the best bats I've ever been to. Downstairs had great live music, great staff, and the drinks are top notch. Go up stairs, you can turn up to dancing music, nice balcony, plenty of space. 
The best bar in New Orleans hands downWas searching up and down Frenchmen St for a place to get some New Orleans type food as well as something that is not too out of the ordinary. This menu looked decent and it was happy hour! They had a pianist playing some popular songs, she was really good at it. 
Sat at the high top tables by the side doors that were open. The doors bring in a nice breeze so you feel like your outside. The bathrooms are really clean and so nice. Gray tones. Service was amazing. The waiter was so friendly and made convo. I was surprised this place was empty but the place a few doors down was playing Jazz music so that's probably why.
Ordered Cajun Crawfish dip, Crawfish poutine, and chicken w/ andouille sausage gumbo. Let's start with the best all time fav out of my whole trip, the Cajun Crawfish Dip. Oh my lovely it was delicious! The panko breading top with the cheese crawfish middle. Put it on one of the toasted bread and you have yourself a party! There is a hint of cajun because it wasn't so spicy. Perfect. The crawfish poutine was good but since there was so much sauce, the fries got soggy quickly. The gumbo was for sure not our cup of tea. It was super salty and didn't taste anything like it should, was disappointed in that.Came in on a Thursday night and it was empty-ish and also kind of grimey. I enjoyed Blue Nile and Spotted Cat more. 
Maybe a different night would have been better but overall think there's better options on Frenchmen St.Our waitress took such excellent care of us, even moving us inside prior to a storm. I'd highly recommend the shrimp plate. Fresh gulf shrimp with a wonderful dipping sauce. The Sounds and jazz band on stage was fabulous too! A must stop on Frenchmen Street!This was my favorite place I went to in New Orleans! I had a large bowl of jambalaya while watching an incredible live jazz band, and I felt like I was getting the full experience of being in the city. The jambalaya was rich and flavorful, made with fresh chicken and andouille sausage. Of all the places I tried, this was my favorite version of the classic dish, and I enjoyed it even more giving the ambiance of the restaurant. I went multiple times, and the live bands were always very talented and blew us away! Definitely stop by if you're in the area!Nicest and newest bar on Frenchmen Street. They have a balcony, live music, huge televisions, great staff and food.30-90, the only bar I've come across in New Orleans that's clean.  If you're looking for a dirty bar with rancid air there plenty of dives on Frenchman or Bourban that suit your needs.  
Good sound for the live music.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was a bit slow.  Good (great for New Orleans) selection of draft beers.  As far as the sustenance, we did the oysters rockefeller, VERY good.Drinks are weak hostess is whack server  is black girl with side part weave is not very friendlyThis is one of my favorite bars/restaurants in all of New Orleans French quarter.  Always have a great variety of bands performing, drinks are solidly mixed and the food is great.  You don't always expends to get good food from a Frenchman street bar but the pizza, red beans and other items I've had always are packed with flavor. First place i bring visitors.  Outside patio+, second floor bar and DJ perfect for packed 1st floor.Worst place for a large group.  I have never been anywhere that can not do more than 4 separate  checks.  Manager on shift was very rude, and unaccomadating.  No ability to take reservations even though we have an email exchange with our reservation. This place, it is a horrible experience.  Never go to this place, I wish I could give negative stars.While walking down Frenchman Street, this was the next bar/lounge that a small group of us mosied into.  Meh.  Granted, it was almost midnight but it was a Saturday night.  The band playing was TERRIBLE .... you're in the French Quarter, on Frenchman Street, and the lead singer was shouting "G-d Damn" every two sentences or so .... I didn't realize we were in the middle of a hip-hop concert?  With the trombone and saxophone, we could have sworn it would be jazz they would be playing ....I would've given this place at least 4 stars had it not been for the way we were treated yesterday after several hours at this place. We came in around 3pm on Fat Tuesday. Every other bar on Frenchman was jam-packed but this place was completely empty, save for the band setting up. We picked a table one row back from the band and stayed for around 3 hours, all the while ordering round after round of drinks, enjoying the live music, and tipping the band. After several hours the place began to fill up. People started crowding around and we actually shared our table with a couple from Michigan. Out of nowhere the bartender came by and slapped a "reserved" placard on our table without uttering a single word. We're thinking: cool, we've been here so long he's reserving our table for us. Wrong! About 30 minutes later he came back again and literally picked up our table and carried it outside. When we're like "what the heck? that's our table!" he had the nerve to tell us we could still sit at our table...OUTSIDE. Mind you it's about 39 degrees out there. 
When I went to complain to the owner or manager, who had been hanging around the front door most of the time we'd been there, he had the audacity to pass the buck on his employee's rude and uncalled for behavior, basically just saying "hey it wasn't me." Might not have been you but it was YOUR employee, most assuredly working under your direction. Then the employee walks up to us and when I explained how rude it was to not give us a heads up that he would be taking our table away in about 30 minutes he looked over at the owner/manager and asked him something completely unrelated to what I was telling him. He completely ignored me. 
At a minimum I expected at least an acknowledgement that yes he could have warned us of our imminent ejectment. It seems their incredibly rude and unprofessional behavior toward customers is reflected in how long they've been in business: just a few weeks. If this is how they treat paying customers I don't expect them to establish a foothold in an area where there are bars and live music aplenty. 
I suggest you keep walking down Frenchman and find a place that actually values its paying clientele.Love the ambiance of this blues bar! it's on Frenchmen street competing with other live music, but I particularly liked this bar because it was spacious with plenty of tables and seats. Also, I love Ms. Whitney's voice (part of the band Mutinies) Be sure not to miss her!All we wanted was great music and amazing oysters... delivered in fine form.  We were loured in by the good vibe.  Very professional waitstaff, great atmosphere, band was on point.. awesome!  Dave the manager not only came to greet us, but spent some time with us and made us Canadians feel so welcome... not only in the bar, but in New Orleans!  Thanks Dave for the heads up.. Rebirth was unbelievable.If you're coming for music, consider this a good spot, but again, this is New Orleans, so good music is a given. The food, however, has nothing to do with the city's notoriety for excellent food.Stopped in here last night because the music just called to me, from a block away. This is one of the newer venues on Frenchman Street. It's very clean, modern looking and pleasant. The crowd was very attractive and the staff was attentive. The live band playing was simply amazing. I'm going to make sure and make a return here several times before I head home.The staff made an instant impression on me as especially friendly and attentive. I ordered water with my drink; the bartender refilled it twice for me, then came out from behind the bar, on a crowded Saturday night, to get my water cup from me and refill it, after noticing it was again empty. 
Also, the pizza is excellent, and there was a great band playing. Great atmosphere.This place is fantastic! Outstanding drinks and the best bartender!!! She was awesome!!! I'd definitely recommend this place for unique drinks. Also had a couple appetizers. Great experience!This place has great atmosphere and a big ole bar for merriment seekers. In true nawlins fashion, everything is served up in generous portions. Welcome home!
Now let me tell you about them shrimp and grits. So good! Far better than I've had in many places, in and out of Nee Orleans. Not runny, generous helping of French onions, topped with a pork shavings for seasoning. I don't even eat pork these days but I'm glad I didn't forgo it this time. 
It was a bit slow on service (a bit a lot actually), and it's hard to hear yourself as there is although a live band going. But the music was a treat (even if the street music was better... What else is new, right?)
I RECOMMEND: Passing through and nibbling while you drink
EXTRA TIP: Also good: the étouffé and the cocktailsI was here for two things: to try fried alligator, and happy hour on oysters. Sadly, they were apparently out of oysters that weekend, so had happy hour on wings instead. I'm not a fan of wings, but my wife is, so she ordered some. I did get to try the alligator, which came out in a reasonable time, and was decent enough - not amazing, but decent enough. I also tried their happy hour cocktail special, which I totally don't remember exactly what was in it, but it was pretty decent (but again, not amazing, just decent). And we enjoyed listening to the music, even if the best jazz we heard all week, was actually a group of guys playing just outside, in the courtyard, for tips. 
All that said, it took way too long to get the wings, and when they did arrive, they were literally room temperature. My wife threw most of them away. So, not overly impressed.Great music and great oysters!  Spent a nice relaxing evening listening to live music. Just a great place to experience a little New Orleans!Music was lovely, bar service was slow but good. Sadly, our mood shifted a bit when we tried to sit at a table on a Thursday evening. After sitting there maybe ten minutes with drinks purchased, the host came over and told us he "didn't make any money" if we didn't have a server taking our food order. We explained a server had not been by. He went off then returned ten minutes later and repeated the same info. We told him again that we'd be happy to order but no one had been by. I understand needing to make the dollars and all, but no need to be condescending/abrupt when it was the service that hasn't come to us. We did finally order, (oysters) and our waitress was pleasant as could be. Seems like management needs to work on communication/customer relations but the music made it worthwhile to us!The music was great. The band rocked nonstop and we danced until I thought my legs might give out.
The drinks were good and the bartender was friendly.Yes, Yes, Yes! I didn't eat food at this place, but I did have a few alcoholic beverages! Fun atmosphere, we arrived around midnight on a Saturday night or Sunday Morning while visiting the fun city of New Orleans..... No cover charge , just great music from the Soul Project of New Orleans.... drinks are a little pricey... didn't know the hurricanes were reeking havoc on my credit card.... but it was all work it.... had a great time.... very diverse crowd of people all looking to have a good time.....
Good place to dance the night away!Fun bar with awesome blues such as Ed Wills.
Good service.
Fair prices.
Their sharing dish Shrimp with Grits was great and I highly recommend it ($12)
Not crazy about their Poutine ($10)Food was decent, live bands were awesome. Service was terrible, didn't check on how we were doing on a regular basis, took forever on getting our drinks, other than that is was great.We arrived a little early and the place was empty.  By the time we ate... it was packed with people waiting for seating.  
What a great place to hear some live music. 
We ordered a beer and amaretto sour. Both were delicious...  cold and mixed great.  Our sever , Jessie, was great. She was the only one we saw that was waiting tables but she kept up great. I have never seen a waitress handle so many people so quickly and check in on us regularly. Even as her workload increased, we were never neglected. 
We ordered pizza. I got the artichoke and husband ordered pepperoni.  Both were great! Great flavors overall.  
They have an interior courtyard that the music is piped into so you can hear the band. 
We had a great time!  
The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the bathroom assistant.  This is a small bathroom and the assistant is completely unnecessary.  She put her fold out chair directly in front of one sink, had her items all over the counter, and her legs in front of the second sink. You basically have to lean over her or get uncomfortably close to wash your hands.  All this did was make going to the bathroom and hand washing fell uncomfortable. 
I used the restaurant's water, soap, and hand towels. 
While she may not work for the restaurant, they still allow her to set up shop.A little disappointed. 
When I walked in on a Saturday night in Nola, there was nobody at the hostess stand. Finally a guy came up and was talking to me for like 5 minutes... until a bouncer came and kicked him out for pretending to be an employee! The bouncer was just like "sit wherever" and that was that. It took 2+ hours for a table of 5 to get an order of a few flat breads and appetizers. We warned the server ahead of time that we would need separate checks and offered to put our meal orders in and pay upfront so she could close out our checks before it got busy. She declined and said she could separate our checks at the end... and then proceeded to have a meltdown when we asked for separate checks at the end. 
The food was good. But the service deserves an F.Nice bar with a large seating area, space to dance, and outside space. Although the bar was very crowded we were served very promptly. The music was awesome! Make sure to check this place out when you find yourself on Frenchman Street.This place is sooooo great! Crawfish is Inexpensive, hot and juicy! Live music. Great country and rock n roll bands! Highly recommend!Have now stopped in a half dozen times. The place looks great. Clean and new. Good space for live music. Well stocked bar. But on the downside, other than Matt capably tending bar a few of the times we were there, the bartenders and servers have been inattentive and uninterested. The drinks are priced higher than other bars along Frenchmen. The food choices are very limited.Cool bar and restaurant!! Enjoyed the oysters and the live music. Very cool decor also! This place is a must!Brand new but looks like it is really going to the class of Frenchmen. Beautiful place. Excellent staff with proven track record that we locals already know. Our experience so far is that they have hired good bartenders and are making great and diversified choices on the musicians they are booking. Matt our bartender told us it was mostly tourists so far - not surprising as we have commented each night we walk by that it really has an inviting "look in" factor. Locals will come - we love the music that is being booked and can't help but enjoy something new and nice that still has a downtown feel.3090 offers a diverse menu with great seafood selections as well as traditional Louisiana food. The music was good and the waitress was attentive, conscious of my comfort, and was very friendly. I will return the next time I am in NOLA.I visited a couple nights ago, and it was a good experience. The staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was nice. The live band was also cool, especially when they invited audience members to come to the stage and play with them. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a casual bar.The band is just superb. We walked in late in the night, these guys rock. Nobody can stand still.The good: 
CLEAN.  I'm going to say it again: CLEAN.  I know there's a certain charm to the filthy, gritty NOLA venues, but it was SO nice to find somewhere that I didn't feel the need to get a tetanus shot after.  It was brand new when we visited -- signs talked about how they were open while they were finishing construction.  
Music.  The music was good.  I'm no jazz/blues expert, but I was entertained.  
Food/Beer.  We had the Oysters Rockefeller.  Delicious.  And they have a much larger beer selection than most of the other places we tried.  I'm from Chicago, so the prices didn't cause any alarm (as I've read in some other posts.)  
The bad:
They were SERIOUSLY disorganized.  We placed our food order and waited... and waited... and waited... and finally saw the bartender we ordered from frantically put it in about 30 minutes after she realized she never had.  Then no one went and got our food after it was ready.  It took about 45 minutes to get oysters.  Not a great start.  
Also, we heard one couple stop to tell a staff member they were leaving because they had never gotten served.  I believe it.
Lastly, a manager (?? it was hard to know who anyone was) loudly told an employee to "stop standing around" right in front of guests.  
Overall, 3 stars.  I don't live there, but I'd go back.  I want to believe this is a function of the new open more so than a flaw in the business model.I stayed for a short period of time in NOLA and I ended up coming here twice in the span of four days because of how awesome it is. Their live music is incredible and I highly recommend anyone to stop by here when you are visiting the city. 
The first night I came here, it was close to midnight and I stayed for almost two hours. There was an incredible live band with the artist rotating between vocals and drums -- everyone in this city is so incredibly talented. There was a lot of space to dance right in front of the live set and that night goes down as one of my favorites during the trip.
The second night I visited, we ordered food such as a jambalaya, wings, and gumbo while listening to live music. The jambalaya and gumbo were piping hot and very flavorful. It was also really great value and I was able to share it with a friend. The wings came in several flavors -- they weren't anything out of this world, but they were pretty decent. The service was also really kind, despite us asking for so much being that we were slightly drunk and very hungry. The next time I come to NOLA, I will definitely visit again.We were strolling down Frenchmen, when we heard music coming out of here and saw a crowd, so we decided to check it out.
It has been a while since I have been to Frenchmen, but I think that this place is pretty new- at least, it feels new. You walk in and the stage is right next to the front door, there are tables and chairs throughout and a nice long bar. One of the best parts of the downstairs are the huge screens so that you can see the band, even if there's a crowd.
We headed upstairs, just to see what was going on and it's more "club mode" up there. We arrived early in the evening, so there weren't a ton of people, but there was a huge dance floor and another nice bar. The cool thing about the upstairs is that they have a balcony, so a lot of people were taking advantage of that and enjoying the nice evening.
This place is a lot better than a lot of other music clubs on the street that get jam packed quickly and are uncomfortable to the point that you can barely move. The band that was playing was solid and everyone was having a good time. I'd return.Great food, atmosphere on the back patio is amazing, and our server Shane has been the best one we have encountered in NOLA yet!