Great little takeout poboy shop! Make sure to check the hours and call ahead so you don't have to wait in line. Definitely one of the best shrimp poboys uptown.If you are looking for an authentic po-boy look no further. Adams Street is affordable, delicious, and has that local feeling we all crave when ordering a po-boy. There's no bells and whistles, but there are some delicious sandwiches. I've only had a few different types but I will say that their roast beef po-boy was the best I've ever had. It was smothered in decadent gravy and was an absolute mess to eat. I've also had the fried catfish and it did the trick as well. It's a great experience and you can call ahead so your order is ready when you arrive!Great place for lunch.  Cheese burger poboy dressed is my favorite.I really don't know why I don't think to eat here more often.  It's less than a 5 minute walk from my door.  I guess if I had to narrow it down to one main reason, I'd say it's really not spectacular.  I really get enough poboys at work, and if I'm home and want a sandwich, I just make my own.
It's kinda a little grocery store, with lots and lots of alcoholic beverages and energy drinks, cokes (I'm from the south.  Everything is coke), teas, etc. To top it off they even have four loco.  I could swear I heard they outlawed that stuff, but whatever, vodka/redbull, Irish Coffee, what's the difference except is super cheap an appears to come in many fruity flavors. Grape I notice is a popular choice. Not that I drink that crap...I'm just tired and rambling.
The grocery store appears kinda clusterfunked and not pine-fresh scented to say the least.  Truthfully, I wouldn't be entirely surprised if a saw a 4 legged furry shoot past me as I stroll down the aisle.  But alas!  I have a brave heart and a strong stomach. And I'm sure they always use proper food safety procedures.  I eat in the quarter for crying out loud, my standards aren't that high.
The deli offers all kind of poboys, chicken tenders, fries.  Up till last week the only thing I ever got was the roast beef and gravy, dressed, add swiss. Never been disappointed.  I like that they sell a reasonable sized half a poboy for like tree-fiddy.  Add a bag of chips and a canned coke and you got lumch for around five bucks.  Its hard to beat that.  However, last time I was in there I was also feeding the kiddo.  I contemplated the safest choice for food safety.  I went with chicken fingers, fries and toast plate. I don't know if it was becase we came in at 2:30/3ish, but everything from that fryer tasted like funky old grease.  I know they close early, and perhaps they had fried a bunch of stuff that day, or if that's just typical.  If I were to venture out into the fried items, I would suggest inquiring as to when they changed the oil in the fryer last.Certainly not a destination,. It is really just a liquor store with food. 
The poboys were average, but the price is right. So if you are looking for a cheap neighborhood takeout place with no frills, this will hit the spot.This rating is for the po' boys not the actual grocery store part, which is lacking on a few counts but is excusable, considering the great po' boys. 
Good, cheap and relatively fast for the city, a great place to get a quick bite on the go. 
Only drawback is the hours. Very limited on the weekends.GREAT BREAD, their po'boy loaf is the best around, rocks Favori's. Drink selection is good, and its a fun place to take out of towners to after a night out on the town to show them some NOLA grit. The brothers are always super nice, a great local grocery with great sandwiches.Poboys are pofect. Location so clutch, love this place. Typical expensive convenience store prices on everything else, but really great price for tasty sandwiches!Great poboys at a great price. The basic ones are pretty cheap (e.g., ham, turkey, $5, or $5.50 with cheese). The really good ones (e.g., fried shrimp, fish, or oysters) are more like $8-$9 but are worth it. This place isn't anything fancy but they make great food decently fast and it's cheap. You should call in your order to save time!Excellent, inexpensive po-boys. Roast beef, smoked sausage, etc are all quality sandwiches. Quick service.When I lived close by, I would go to Adams Street Grocery for staples like eggs, butter, bread, and milk. But not staples. Oddly, staples are not a staple. 
Their po-boys are pretty tasty, but take a while to make. I like to order my sandwich first, then do some shopping while I wait. 
Adams Street Grocery is a little bit grocery store, a little bit sandwich shop, and a little bit ghetto mart, although it seems fully committed only to the latter two aspects of its identity. You won't find fruits and vegetables, but the basics are here.
The kitchen closes early, around 4:30.Heard about this place from a friend of a friend in Chicago. We came as soon as we got off the plane and it was incredible. The cooks were great and fried our po' boys to a perfect golden crispGreat neighborhoood spot for Togo food at amazing prices! Best chicken salad Sandwhich in the city!Short walk from Tulane where I had a work conference.  Small convenience store in a local neighborhood.  You order and receive your sandwich at the back and pay at the front.  Shrimp po-boy was huge and overflowing with shrimp. Take out only.You'll pay $15 or $16 dollars for the same quality po' boy at other restaurants. These po' boys are almost all under $10. The bread is fresher than other places I've had po' boys in town. The hamburger po' boy was a generous portion and the fried shrimp po' boy was too! I'm definitely coming back here!This is a perfect place for lunch. It's a hole in the wall but the poboys are cheap and just plain delicious. The roast beef is defiantly the best in the city. I like to grab a poboy & bag of chips and eat it in the park near by,You wouldn't know by looking, but you can get a kick ass poboy here for pennies on the dollar.  The roast beef poboy with grazy and mozzarella is a great healthy choice.  Well, at least it's delicious.  A must go for Tulanians.there is not much that is worth celebrating in my office. incompetent co-workers, violent co-workers (really), and a general lack of work to do means that i need to look forward to something. 
and it is po-boys from adams street. 
an intern in the office and i have created the "po-boy inspection club." the first on our list happened to be adams street, due primarily to the fact that it's only 8 blocks away, but still, it is a choice we have celebrated to this day. the bread was crispy on the outside, but soft in the middle. you get a healthy heap of fried _____ in your sammich, and it's seasoned well too! my only complaint is that the dressing could be more plentiful, but that's why you pick up a couple extra packets of mayo and/or ketchup, and you're good to go...When I first walked up to Adams Street Grocery, I thought I was at the wrong place. Totally looks like a hole-in-the-wall, but the po'boys were delicious.
We all ordered the shrimp po'boys, dressed. The bread was crusty but not too chewy and the shrimps were all freshly fried but not too greasy, and well-seasoned. Everyone's sandwiches were well-dressed, but maybe because I got a half-sandwich, my sandwich was more skimpily dressed and ended up being a little bit dry.
The price is unbeatable though, the sandwiches are massive, and eating on the curb afterwards and almost having a car run over our sandwiches was a pretty hilarious and unforgettable experience.very convenient store with good po boys. my room mate loved their french fries but they were just normal fries to me. the hot sausage po boy was really good and so was the shrimp.
also has everything a convenient store would have and not over priced. 
they sell beer and alcohol and mixers, all well priced.You could double the price of their very good small shrimp po boy and still pay less then the same thing at Domolise's.This is a cool little spot on, you guessed it, Adam's street. I ordered the shrimp Po boy which was rather filling and pretty good. The type of bread they use is the same type of bread used for a Vietnamese style Po boy, so that's a cool twist. I wouldn't say it is the best I have had, but it does rank pretty high. The prices here same to be rather affordable. This isn't a place you sit down and eat though, so probably not a place you want to take someone that is in from out of town.Tried this bodega-like neighborhood grocery store on a search for poboys. Probably will not return.Let me just say that this place is the best. I am absolutely addicted to their po boys and fries and onion rings and btw it's also a lil grocery store! The guys working there are mad nice. I love placing my order with them over the phone which is a weird thing to love but I'm always laughing away! Such a great place for such a good deal. Honestly the best prices for someone on a budget but addicted to eating out like me!A basic superette/po-boy shop. Nothing to write home about. avoid the roast beef. good selection of cokes.The best hole in the wall in Uptown, love the poboys. The people who work here are great and usu friendly.Come for the groceries but stay for the po boys. Proof here that you can make a po boy on French bread. Passes the true po boy shop test, a decadent French fry for less then $5. No tables so bring a tailgate or trunk to eat on outside.Best po' boy spot Uptown.  Everything is good and consistency is the true sign of a good sandwich shop anywhere.  Also, the meat pies might be the best thing I have ever eaten.  I am notorious for complicated schemes to have them mailed, shipped, and smuggled back to California.Walking in to the Adams Street Grocery for the first time, I was sure I was mistaken. I had heard of a place with the best po-boys in New Orleans being on Adams Street, but certainly this couldn't be it. After all, I was in a dirty staple store. The aisles were narrow and stocked with food that looked old. I didn't see any cockroaches, but I would not have been surprised if several scampered across the floor. I didn't want to stand in there, let alone buy meat. Man, am I glad I gave this place a shot. In fact, for the rest of my New Orleans years, this place became a hangover tradition.
The sandwich bread is amazing. It tastes so fresh, you wonder if they bake it in the back room. My personal favorites are the roast turkey and shrimp po-boys. A friend at Tulane and I would order one crawfish and one shrimp po-boy and split them. Can't recommend that one enough. In many po-boy shops, "dressed" just has mayo, lettuce, and tomato. Adams Street has a ton of great toppings, ranging from an assortment of cheeses to hot peppers and a slew of condiments. A cheap and easy way to enjoy some delicious New Orleans fried seafood.I first heard of this place when I had to pick up an order for myself and co-workers (calling ahead saves time) and I order the hot sausage from the take-out menu. Driving through a residental section, I was excited about how good these po-boys were going to be. Its usually common law that a place that look like it would have great food usually has great food. It is a full functioning grocery store but most of their customers are there for the po-boys. The staff that make the po-boys and work at the grocery store were super friendly even though I am a "damn yankee" non-local. 
The second time I got a po-boy here, I had the soft-shell crab. I never had soft-shell crab before but since I enjoyed it so much, I will get it again!I really love this place. They serve GREAT po'boys for cheap! My favorite things to get here are the fried shrimp po'boy (dressed of course) and their amazing chicken fingers. Everything else is good tooHidden gem in New Orleans. They make great, top notch poboys for about $5 which is a steal. I recommend that you get the hot sausage poboy, and that you call your order in so you don't have to wait. Only docking them one star because there's no seating inside of the store. I usually just grab my poboy and eat in the park anyway.Really just the best po boys in New Orleans. I try to visit every time I'm in town. Got oyster and shrimp po boys, dressed with mayo, tomatoes, and lettuce. They threw in some pickles which we appreciate. The fries are yummy too.This is a tiny market with a to-go only deli counter in the back.  I ordered a fried shrimp po'boy and set off to find a shady bench.  At least two people I passed commented on the delicious smell, and frankly, It was taking me from hungry to ravenous.  I found a shady spot, unwrapped the paper and found a huge, heaping pile of shrimp spilling out of the well-dressed, crusty bread.  This sandwich was perfect, and I'll definitely be back for another the next time I'm in town!This is my go to place for poboys. I live nearby, the food/service is good, and the prices are GREAT! I always get a  fried oyster poboy dressed with lettuce, mayo, and pickles, fries, and a can of iced tea. At $14, I would definitely say it's the best bang for your buck compared to other places I've been. 
You can order a half or full sandwich (a foot long--or pretty close to a foot long) and I love their fries. They sell some other stuff too--egg rolls, meat pie, crawfish pie, wings, chicken nuggets. Definitely drinking food, which is good because it also sells liquor (but make no mistake, there is NO bar in here--it's really just a convenience store that also serves food). 
During lunch time, especially during football season, there can be quite a wait for food. Good thing is--you can order by phone and pick it up, which may save you some waiting time. 
I would give this place 5-stars, but sometimes there are small pieces of shell in my oyster poboy. Not a big deal, but definitely not worthy of 5-stars. Still, I'm definitely a fan of this place!So glad we live so close to Adam St. grocery. Delicious po'boys and the best onion rings around! Great prices!The shrimp po'boy was so good! I love that you can get a half po'boy. Sandwiches were great, and the prices are very reasonable.This is one of the most under-rated deli / po-boy shops in the city. Only spot where you can still get a po-boy under $10! Must visit.You can't go wrong at Adams Street Grocery. The sandwiches are excellent... fresh meats/seafood, crusty bread, PLUS they are more than willing to customize your order to make your po'boy just for you.
The guys behind the counter are friendly and helpful and are willing to answer any questions you may have.
If you are in Uptown, don't miss out on Adams Street Grocery for a solid po'boy.Best prices for poboys in the city. It's literally a better deal than subway because they sell whole poboys ( more than 12") for $5. It's also a little mini mart and always seem to have some football playing on an old school tube television. I think they're running some gambling operation but I'm not privy to that. I've had the shrimp and the roast beef, both solid. I hear the club and other more deli sandwiches are good too.usual oyster po boys are amazing.
this time, they didn't have shipment of oysters yet, so got shrimp and catfish.
the catfish was perfect.  exceptional batter (salty and flavorful).  catfish is eaten for texture not flavor and they managed to keep moist and plump.
shrimp was as expected in most of new orleans.This place is around the corner from me and very convenient. It's best to call ahead for the po boy because they get busy leaving people waiting around 20 min. Catfish is where it's at!This is my go to lunch spot if I need a quick sandwich on my lunch break. The menu is diverse enough for every budget and appetite. I recommend the club on toast. It's delicious and affordable. I suggest that they keep it local and offer more local craft beer options though.Tried the belt for the very first time today!! Totally is the freshest and delicious tasting P.O. boy I've tasted thus far .Not sure why it took me this long to try their po-boys. This place is not too far off my bike route from work back home and has cheap po-boys! It is going to be the perfect lunch place when I don't have leftovers or want to cook something for lunch.
I finally stopped in to grab a whole fried shrimp po-boy for me and C the other day because I didn't really want us to go somewhere and spend a bunch of money on lunch that day. I was really glad I decided to try them. A decent shrimp po-boy for $7.49 (plus tax) that would feed me for two meals!
I am still relatively new to the area and can't say I know what a great po-boy is supposed to taste like, but this place offers po-boys that are tasty to me, greatly priced, and convenient.
The only thing I'll do differently next time is to call ahead instead of standing there awkwardly for a few minutes.Not much of a grocery, more of a convenience store.  No fresh produce or anything and the milk is usually spoiled, but they have stuff if you are in a bind.  I go here for the po-boys from the deli in the back (waaay better than magazine st. po boy).  They are delicious, huge, and cheap.  For those alone I give it 4.5 stars!!!  Call in an order so you don't have to wait too long.
Protip: Whether you prefer ketchup, crystal, tabasco, etc, the secret is to load up on sauce!Adams Street Grocery has my favorite poboys in the city.  They even have french fry poboys and veal poboys.  Sometimes they even have tongue and venison.   Be sure to call in your order so it is ready when you go pick it up.I'm sad, I was told this place had the BEST po-boys. I had the soft shell crab. 
This is not a really grocery store with fresh produce. it's more of a convenience store that happens to have a kitchen area in the back that makes po-boys for you. So this means, that you have to take it somewhere else to eat. 
10 minutes later, i was able to taste this $10 po-boy. I was underwhelmed by the flavors. The crab was good and crunchy, the bread was a little on the tough side (kinda stale really). dressed meant mayo, lettuce and tomatoes. 
I don't know where better exists, but i know better does exist elsewhere. 
after this experience, and i relayed it to a friend,  who became disappointed for me. He said try my usual, the shrimp. if i go out that way around lunch time again, maybe I will.I tried the chicken cordon bleu poboy today. It was my first time ordering from Adam's Street Grocery, and it was a very tasty experience. The poboy was a good price and very filling. It is definitely worth the drive uptown.Very good prices. Some good menu items here. I recently had a pretty under par Roast Beef po boy however. I expected it to be much better considering what they'd typically sell. Don't let that keep you from going though. There are some really good options like the fried shrimp and even the burger. Just wouldn't recommend the roast beef po boy at all.I got the chicken cordon bleu and it's the absolutely BEST po-boy in town. Super fresh ingredients and warm flaky breadThis is a convenience store and very small grocery with a kitchen in the back slinging food.  The quality and flavor of the po boys is really more of a two star but the very cheap prices bump them up a star.  This is probably one of the cheapest places in the city limits to get a po boy.  They also have some ambiance and character inside with the best collection of beer signs of anybody in the city.  The roast beef is pretty forgettable and not worth getting.  The seafood options are generous portions but the batter could really use some pepper or Tony Chachere added into it as the shrimp, oysters and soft shell crab really end up tasting quite bland and flavorless.  This store is really small and stuffed full of things so its really best to call ahead and have your order waiting for you to pick it up as there isn't a lot of standing room to wait and nowhere to sit and eat.Adams Street Grocery is a small
Neighborhood grocery with a hard working kitchen preparing po boys and sandwiches. Everything is always fresh and they serve you with a smile.I go with my sister. I order fried oyster, she gets the shrimp. Then...wait for it...we go HALFSIES! Buy a bottle of crystal and a bag of Zapps, bag up your kill and head on over to the Fly or the park. Don't forget your big shot orange soda to wash it down! It's just a little too big for one meal, so it hurts so good when you force yourself to finish it. 
If you're starved, call your order in before you get there!
I live in Boston now and THIS is the type of place I miss. :(I love sandwich shops in the back of old neighborhood markets and this place does not disappoint.  The po'boy was perfect- crusty bread, plump fried shrimp and the crawfish pie was even better.  It took probably 15 or 20 minutes for me to get my food, but I'm sure it was because I ordered the crawfish pie.  It was totally worth it though!  So get off Bourbon Street and come eat a damn good sandwich!Great little family-owned place with delicious hot and cold sandwiches and hot plates at reasonable prices.Stopped in Sunday afternoon just after arriving in Carrollton.  Friendly. fast service, bought a shrimp and a fish po boy.  Delicious.Love Adam's! Come every time I'm in town, right around the corner from my sister's house. The Po Boy's and all food from the grill are 5 star! You can also find most sundries you may need. If you go around lunchtime be prepared to wait a bit longer, all the locals eat there. Also, I only get half a Po Boy bc they are so large and filling!Best Po-boys I've had- and cheaper than anywhere else around this area.  I VERY regularly shop with them, so I just "re-upped" my review (which already was at 5's).  These are baller-class meals, at half the price you pay at tourist traps, and probably most *essentially*, their food is absurdly consistent. The bread is ALWAYS fresh, soft inside with flaky crust...shrimp (for example) is ALWAYS on point- since we know a minute too much or too little will ruin shrimp.
I enjoy other options as well (burger- def go w pepper jack, club, AWESOME fries, etc.  I eat here LITERALLY every time they're open when I'm available to come by (f'n work, ugh); and therein lies their only downside- they're not open 24/7...which made me die a little bit inside just to imagine.  
Try it...then get out your daily planner- you'll  be returning the next day!Adam's Street Grocery is a small and easy to navigate through. With things ranging from groceries, to household items, beer, and hot plates/poboys! They never disappoint, therefore making it my favorite place to get my favorite sandwiches. Thank you Adam's Street for existing.The best poboy I've ever had, y'all. I'm not from New Orleans, but I know many folk who come here on the regular in the neighborhood and from elsewhere. One piece of advice: call ahead or be prepared to wait, as there are often many orders on their proverbial plate. 
I got the fried shrimp poboy, only the half size, cause that's really sufficient for one person. There's a perfect amount of shrimp, tomatoes and lettuce. And the bread is absolutely the most perfect texture. It's as if they studied how to make the damn sandwich. It's delightful down to the last bite. I just can't believe it, solid every time. 
Half a poboy is around $5, a full size is about $10, but also completely worth it. I've also had the catfish, and it's just as good. The French fries are okay, a little mealy. But really you don't need them!Very good poboys! nola neighborhood gem, not too many of these sorts of places left aroundFoot long, dressed fried shrimp po boy, tub of fries, and 3 yuenglings...wait for it...$15.49. Enough said.  Cheers to Adams Grocery.I've been here three times with others (my girlfriend, roommate, and cousin) and have had the meatball po-boy, smoked turkey po-boy, and hot sausage po-boy.  Have also had onion rings, fries, the meat pie, and crawfish pie.  I also tried a bit of my girlfriend's bacon club po-boy.  Everything I've had has been delicious, yet simple.  Perfect po-boy bread, and a perfect amount of goods in between.  They don't overstuff, but they don't skimp either.  
There is also a plethora of household goods, pantry foods, snacks, and beer available in the grocery part.  
The prices are incredibly low.  Three bucks for a 6-inch turkey po-boy.  Eight bucks for a 12-inch shrimp po-boy!
Can't be beat.
This will be a regular for me, my girlfriend, and my roommate, as it's only a block and a half away and the prices are so low.Best Poboys in Uptown New Orleans. Skip the tourist traps and go there. Call ahead, as they cook to order. Everything is good, but I love the shrimp and hamburger poboys. 
Both are HUGE, delicious, and very reasonably priced. 10-12in French bread, w about 30-40 shrimp ($10.99) ...or for the burger- comes w 4 hamburger patties for $7. Dress it how u like!so fire. but sometimes they say 15-20 minutes and it takes like 45. even fire burns whAT YOU LOVE ;(Foot long, dressed fried shrimp po boy, tub of fries, and 3 yuenglings...wait for it...$15.49. Enough said.  Yea You Right Adams Street Grocery!One of my new favorite spots to get po-boys from. Shrimp, shrimp/oyster, tuna po-boys are all above average. I usually order ahead when picking up because they can get slammed with orders and it will take awhile. It's also cheaper (UberEATS prices are noticeably more expensive for the same item).Amazing sandwiches!! This is a great place to truly try a classic New Orleans poboy and cola. They will not let you down! Maybe call ahead because it might take a while if you walk in and order since they have a lot of clientele.The place is hands down are favorite place to get a fried shrimp po-boy. It's such a hidden gem that I hate to share. It's tucked away in the back of a convenience store. The po-boy is the fraction of the price at more touristy spots in the French Quarter. Added bonus is that it's two times the size of what you'll get at a fancy restaurant. The bread is perfectly crusty, soft and chewy. They don't skimp on toppings. The service is great - would highly recommend calling ahead especially during lunchtime rush.New Orleans is a place where you find just as amazing food from gas stations and corner markets as you did established eateries with table cloths.  I don't know how this came to be, but this just is.
Shortly before Hurricane Ida, my neighbor suggested we go there to stock up on some hand pies for ease of eating during the storm or if the power went out.  I don't know how many we originally bought, but hand to God, it was like the loaves and the fishes.  Those meat pies and crawfish pies took us through the initial power outage week and when everything was coming back to normal and Adams St. was open now and again, they just kept the food pouring out the front door and it was all delicious.
The guys there know all the locals, the cost is spot on for such amazing food.  It's not just the handpies, but anything you get there is really great.  Sometimes there's more of a wait than I'd like, but you can always call your order in before heading over there.  And?  It's still a convenience mart so if you need more beverages or a razor or whatever?  Chances are they have the rest of the stuff you're looking for, too.
Definitely a must enjoy place for anyone in the neighborhood looking for good/mostly quick food.  Great service and absolutely delicious!I rely on Adams for the go-to neighborhood store. They have EVERYTHING. And the guys who work there are really great and very sweet. Their Po-Boys are awesome.The poboys were delicious and freshly made. The store is tucked away in a cute neighborhood, out of the way but a definite go to location!A shrimp poboy for $9.99 before tax?!? SAY LESS There's no place like Adam's Street Poboys! They have the best prices in the city and absolutely great customer service. Delicious and fresh food!Often some of the best poboys I've ever had. Sometimes less great.  Jane had both Oyster and shrimp and both have been excellent and just soso at different times.I don't know how we did it, but along with finding a "unicorn" of an apartment in our choice neighborhood and for the price we were looking for, we also have one of, if not the best, and most affordable poboy places in town.  Overstuffed large fried shrimp poboy for under $10?  That's a hard find.  We recently tried the roast beef (includes gravy) and it did not disappoint, and around $8 for the full size!  Good crust on the French bread, ample dressing, tasty meat, can't get any better.I ordered the first po'boy (I'm told it's not catfish but another white fish). It was very very good! Only thing it needed was the hot sauce! 
The grocery store is a small neighborhood convenient store a few yards from the corner. Since it's located in a neighborhood, parking can be difficult. 
The hot food counter is located in the back of the store, and since the store is so small, I had to order your food and stand outside. It didn't take long for the food to be ready. I order a side of fries as well. They were softer than I like, but cooked all the way. This place is a hidden gem.My  5 star review is for the awesome oyster po boy I just ordered from here. It's loaded with oysters and plenty of lettuce, mayo and tomato. That's the standard dressing so I added hot sauce and pickles. Excellent crusty roll with a soft interior perfect for absorbing all the ingredients. And the price is only $11.49, which is much lower than an oyster po boy from the more well-known establishments. For comparison I paid $16+ yesterday for a shrimp po boy at Domilise's. The oyster po boy at Adam's is far superior to Domilise's in terms of price and value! Definitely a hidden gem since it's located in a residential neighborhood a few minutes away from the Tulane campus as the roads are typical New Orleans (bumpy, uneven, narrow). Take out only.Amazing customer services!! Friendly and EXTREMELY FAST services!! The po-boys are stuffed very generously..and the price is great!! If u are looking for a friendly and quick service...go here. The place is super clean and organized.This is the go-to poboy spot for me. Love the shrimp poboy. They just started delivering which is lovely because I moved away from uptown and I am obsessed with these poboys
SUPER cheap too!!