Great food but the management needs to speed up. We waited for half an hour before we even got a menu.They sucked! The chef came out and was stingy with the sauce, was clearly misogynistic and homophobic. He sat down at the table and argued with us after not bringing out the side salad which clearly is on the menu as a part of the entree. He got our order wrong, delivering us the meat samosas rather than vegetarian and then opened his mouth to show us that he was eating the meat order. When we complained to the manager, the manager sat down at the table, too! These guys were unprofessional and the manager had the nerve to joke with us and say that we'll be back. Trust me, the visit is not worth the disrespect.Went here for dinner on a Sunday night after hearing great things from a few friends.  It was a nice night so we sat outside - kind of a weird ambience outside right by the traffic and with a direct view of the jail but it was nice enough.  
I hate to say that overall we had a comically bad experience.  Service was really slow to get water or menus. We spent about 2 hours there but mostly waiting (for water, menus, food, for tea refill etc etc). Our waitress (a sweet older woman) was obviously overwhelmed and seemed the be the only person working. We ordered the red lentils, chicken tib, lamb wot, and the hot tea. The lentils and chicken were good, but the lamb was nearly inedible it was so tough.  Other food wasn't good enough to make up for the lamb or the strange and slow service.  
Not sure if it was just an off night, but I would not recommend it based on our experience.A group of 5 of us came for lunch and the food was delicious. Service was pleasant as well. I had the Doro Wat it was delicious and the portion was very generous. Definitely will be coming back.Tried Addis Nola last night and loved it! Great food, great staff, and satisfying all our Ethiopian food cravings! We had the veggie platter, lamb tibs, and special kitfo. All were good and especially with Abita Amber, the closest to Ethiopian beer on the menu! Really loved the food and the laid back, welcoming vibes! Will definitely be back again.Went with a group of 6 so we got to try a lot of the dishes. Everything was tasty and everyone was pleased. Our server was especially friendly and helpful with ordering the right amount for the table. Excited to go back.Food: This was my first time eating Ethiopian food and I was blown away. The flavor and the way everything blended together was unreal. I can definitely say Ethiopian food is now on my top 5 cuisines. Overall the food was to die for. 
Service: The service was amazing. We were greeted at the door by smiling faces and a super friendly staff. Seating was prompt. Our waiter spent the time to explain everything to us from his favorites to how to correctly indulge Ethiopian style. Overall very friendly comforting staff. 
Overall: Go to this hidden gem ASAP. You will not be disappointed if you live for food like me.Went for my first time trying Ethiopian fare. Everything was incredibly good. I highly recommend. We ordered the collard green sambusas, doro wot, lamb tibs, and kitfo.The food is very fresh and authentic! The owners are very nice and personable! I have eaten there 3 times since they've opened and I haven't been disappointed yet!!!! Great service and great food!! I can't wait to take my Dad there when he comes to town!I just moved to NOLA from Los Angeles and have had plenty of authentic Ethiopian food! Addis Nola was amazing. I got the veggie combo and some tea! The food came out quickly and was served with a lot of injera (which I love because injera is always the first thing I run out of when eating). The proportions that they served was very filling as I had a good amount of left overs. The waiters were nice and checked on me from time to time. I can't wait to come back!Trying new places in NOLA, my daughter in law mentioned a new Ethiopian restaurant she had heard great things about. We are always on board for good food, so we headed to Addis.
We were greeted and sat by Shay, a wonderful young lady with a beautiful smile. Shay took our drink and appetizer order, and helped us navigate through the menu, explaining to us items we were not sure about and helping us choose things that we would enjoy.
The food was delicious, the restaurant was clean and welcoming, and we have found a new "go to" place in New Orleans!
Thank you Shay for making us feel welcomed!Visiting New Orleans. Really enjoyed the meal. We had the vegetarian platter and a chickpea dish. Not the nicest location tough.Come hungry. This Ethiopian place has a strange location; in between the medical center and the prison, and the restaurant occupies the lower level of a red house that stands out from its surroundings. Parking is available past the restaurant (on the Northern side), but parking on the other side is reserved for other uses.
Ethiopian is a unique cuisine, and not common in New Orleans. The various stews include many vegetarian/vegan options (due to periodic avoidance of all animal products enforced by the local religion) of sauteed beans and vegetables with ginger, garlic and other spices, reflecting a slight Indian influence. They are mopped up with a spongy sour flatbread called injera made with a grain native to the region. This place delivers the appropriate flavors.
Their veggie combo is gigantic, offering six distinct stews over a piece of injera (which frankly became very soggy) and a basket with several more rolls. The sampler is the way to go and gets you a variety of tastes and textures in a nutritionally diverse meal. My favorite was the yellow split peas, a bright mix of sweet and spicy. I was less fond of the lentils which had a one-note chili powder flavor (odd, since this is normally a favorite dish of mine). Stewed collard greens, ginger sautéed cabbage, and cold lentil and potato salads rounded the dish out. This was very filling for twelve bucks, but I had ordered sambusas anyway. Two large flaky fried pastries arrived, but I finished only one, dipping it in some excellent chili powder they offered on the side.
It's not fancy, but I got very attentive service. I thought it was too high on oil (seriously guys, dial the salt and oil back a little), and the location I don't really like, but nonetheless the place is a strong entry to the local food scene.Great Ethiopian food, truly delicious. The injera bread has a tang and is the perfect texture, spongy and tortilla like for scooping the food. We got the Ethiopian salad to start- great freshness with onions, jalapeños... and the collard green Sambusa was super yum. 
We also got the vegetarian platter and everything was perfectly spiced and just delicious. And the Fish with ginger and it all was great. Our waitress Maria was loving. The place is clean and sparkling and the booth was cozy. So we will be back. Total cost of the meal itself for three of us was $44.60 and then we tipped of course. So that's reasonable! The parking is to the north of the building as is the entrance. Enter on the north downstairs.I  just had the most amazing Ethiopian lunch at Addis Nola !! I ordered the Lamb Wot, and am so glad I did!! Also, the coffee was the perfect pick-me-up I need to get through the rest of my day!Y'all need to check out this hidden gem located in Mid-city! I promise you won't be disappointed!!Really happy Addis NOLA exists :) great service, great prices, and incredible Ethiopian food ! The shiro wat was amazing, as was the whole tilapia, the chicken wat, and the veggie plate. And the injera ! :) Marie was a great server and the cook came out to check and see how we were liking the food.
Will definitely be back for more !I love Ethiopian food and I was pretty impressed with the lamb dish here 
I haven't really had a chance to try much else off the menu but I'm pretty sure it's all amazing 
They also have great serviceABsolutely delicious!  
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant.  I got the veggie combo plate - it came out quickly and mannn was it good.  I'm vegan, so it isn't so easy to find great restaurants in New Orleans (getting easier), but Addis Nola has a loyal customer in me.  Not to mention, the huge plate of food was only $12.  It doesn't get much better than that!  I used to eat meat, and Ethiopian cuisine was always a favorite - judging by the looks on everyone else's faces, they don't disappoint with their meat, chicken, lamb, or fish dishes either.  This spot is a wonderful addition to midcity, and I hope they do very well.  Thanks!customer service: 11 out of 5 stars 
food: delicious! def get the veggie combo, it has so many delicious things to taste & the doro wot was amazing. i'll be back soon!The food at this local family owned restaurant is amazing! Addis Nola is a hole in the wall restaurant with great service. I ordered the veggie combo and my husband ordered the lamb tibs and we shared. I will definitely be returning.Ethiopian food is so dear to my husband and I we needed a homely place that serves good food, made by real Ethiopians. Addis is so perfect, from their portions, to the flavors (I always get the Veggie plate) and they're the cheapest Ethiopian food restaurant in the city witch is great for my pockets. Super worth it!The food was so delicious!! We ordered Doro Wat, Awaze tibs, Shirro, Salad, & Veggie combo. The injera is perfect as well! The chef, owner, and manager were so sweet, very warm and welcoming. We will be back!This place is sooooo wonderful! I've eaten in a lot of big city Ethiopian spots and this place can hold its own and is a great hang as well. We live close and can get take out but the restaurant interior is so comfy and filled with si ple and beautiful art.
I thought from the exterior pictures I was going to have to climb stairs but the entrance on the side is tucked away with easy pick up. Great place for vegetarians and pescatarians that loved flavor. It always a bunch of fun to eat with your hands off bread made from ancient grains. Will be going frequently.I don't usually leave reviews, but I was highly disappointed as a fellow Ethiopian I can tell you this food was terrible. The photos our beautiful on here, but don't let that fool you. The injera (the soft bread) has mold on it. The white little dots are mold. The Injera is so old that its not even soft it's like eating baked pita chips. The food here is not authentic Ethiopian food. I believe it is made by an American. The Shiro and Doro Wot was very salty. If you want mold on your food our food with excessive salt go here!This place is one of those hidden gems where you can't tell how awesome it is just by driving by. I must have driven by this place 100 times before my husband started working right near there and told me I just had to try it.
First off, the inside is super cute and really brings a sense of Ethiopian culture and decor from the second you walk in the door. Second, the staff and service are top notch. Every single person who has helped me there has been extremely pleasant and well informed on all the dishes and even random Ethiopian trivia. Third, the FOOD. Oh my Lord I say GO NOW and try these amazing dishes they offer.. I am not sure one could find food like this anywhere else in the city. We got the lamb tibs and the beef kitfa, and both were superb. And the bread is something of it's own. It's completely different than any bread I've ever had. Light and airy and full of probiotics, so super healthy to boot!
I urge my fellow foodies to go to Addis NOLA as soon as possible. Let's keep our Ethiopian friends in business so we don't lose this valuable and tasty piece of culture!Excellent food, comfortable atmosphere. Our server Mary was very welcoming and attentive. We stumbled across Addis Nola on our way to another restaurant and decided, what the heck, let's try this Ethiopian place. I'm glad we did.
We ordered the Fish Wat and veggie tray -- an excellent and huge portion on flat bread that was more than enough for 2 people. I've been to some Ethiopian restaurants whose food seems strangely under spiced, but at Addis you'll get the distinctive and wonderful Ethiopian flavors you're craving. We sat in a booth, but next time we will sit in those amazing wicker chairs. Excellent!Addis is absolutely amazing!!! Our waiter was so helpful and kind. The food was so delicious; we ordered the veggie combo, doro wat, and lamb wot, all of which were amazing. The portions were huge and we ate family style! You have the option to choose between injera or rice with your order. Cant wait to come back!Excellent and authentic Ethiopian food! Highly recommend the veggie combo and rib tip. Apps are amazing too. 
Definitely go support this family, black owned business!We checked out Addis NOLA the 3rd night it was open, and it did not disappoint! We sat outside under a patio umbrella and had excellent service from our server. Our party of 4 split 4 entrees - lamb wot, doro wot, whole tilapia, and vegetables - plus extra injera and a bottle of cabernet sauvignon. The lamb, chicken (doro), and fish were unbelievably well-seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the injera was deliciously spongy. The owners and chefs stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our standards, and we felt truly taken care of. My only complaint is that the rice wasnt sticky enough to pick up with fingers, and there we're no utensils so the side of rice was a bit of a waste. Sill, I can't wait to go back and try more menu items!I came here with a friend for my birthday in November and it was *perfect*. Having lived near at least 6 Ethiopian restaurants in DC, I've been craving it here in NOLA and was so pleased to find this gem. Excellent food (and so much of it, we were stuffed!), attentive service, warm staff, enjoyable atmosphere. I loved chatting about the history of some of the dishes with our server, who made great recommendations. I was even sung happy birthday in four languages! What a wonderful night, and a FAB restaurant. Can't wait to go back!Addis Nola has been. around for a couple of years but i was a bit skeptical about getting good Ethiopian food in New Orleans but decided to give it a try; and i was pleasantly surprised
I ordered the veggie combo which says it comes with "a variety of veggie dishes including red lentils, collard greens, yellow split peas, beets, cabbage with green lentils, potatoes and carrots served with injera"
each item was good with good flavor and each was a different flavor profile - and some were spice while others were just flavorful. my favorite was the red lentils and the green lentils with beets
overall, really good ethiopian food in new orleansI like to consider myself somewhat of an Ethiopian Food connoisseur because it is my absolute favorite food and I seek it out whenever I am in cities with large Habasha communities. New Orleans has too long been the victim of extremely sub par Ethiopian food but we must suffer no more!! Addis Nola is among the very best Ethiopian food that I have ever had in my life!! I wanted to do a happy dance right there in the restaurant after I had my first taste! My husband and I have been back 3 times in 4 days and we really had to hold ourselves back on that one day. Everything that we've had are our favorites - the veggie combo, the whole fish, fish goulash, and Ethiopian salad. The fish goulash is especially delicious with a very unique flavor. The whole fish is so perfectly fried you will want to chew every single bone. The environment is so tastefully assembled, clean, comfortable, nicely lighted. The pricing is incredibly economical for the freshness and quality of the food. Addis Nola thank you!! You were sooooo worth the wait!!Delicious. Staff was helpful and friendly. Ordered the shrimp tibs (extraordinary) and the lamb tibs (also very good but really really liked the shrimp). The restaurant is clean and charmingly decorated. Locally owned. Highly recommend.I cannot say enough about this place. Whenever I need something delicious but not a greasy and fried carb overload I come here. I love the lamb tips and collard greens. It's pretty spicy but so good. I love the spice.We got a gift card for Addis Nola and got takeout recently. I was so pleased and surprised! 
I love Ethiopian food, but I'm critical because my very first Ethiopian restaurant (Meskerem in St. Louis, stop and eat there some day) is far and away my favorite and Its difficult for other places to match up for me. But Addis was wonderful, filling and delicious! 
I got the Veggie combo (vegetarians! this is a must!) and enjoyed it thoroughly. I was disappointed that my cabbage and carrot dish didn't have potatoes in it (which it purports to do, and which I have had before at different establishments), but was still thrilled with everything else. The injera was also delicious and plentiful. My partner got the lamb, and was clearly delighted by it as well.
I can't wait to go and sit down at the restaurant post-Covid and try more things. What a find!Great good, friendly servers, and really quick!
Was very happy to find this place, especially as a vegetarian visiting New Orleans. Lots of good vegetarian options and all my favorite Ethiopian dishes.Excellent.  We enjoyed it very much.  Chicken with spinach and the other vegetables were very goodExcellent Ethiopian fare. I had the chicken and I was impressed by the entire sprig of rosemary that they threw in there...the food packed with flavor.My first experience and it was interesting. I was welcomed from the door by one of the owners. He was really informative, walked me through the menu, and made suggestions for a first-timer. The lamb was tender and the shrimp was a nice size and mixture of flavor. I wasn't a fan of the injera, greens, or red lentils. The drink was light but on the bitter side. Overall, it was an experience.Another great meal. 
Service was excellent our waiter was on point cordial, knowledgeable and great personality. 
Beef sambusa was crunchy filled with meat. Great flavor and seasoned well. 
The kitfo(raw beef) was great good spice and full flavored. The beef ribs were spicy with onions and peppers awesome flavor. The lentils and collards were amazing as well. 
And you can't forget the injerra to add to list of great things.Very clean, casual, mostly excellent vegetarian Ethiopian fare, run by a lovely couple and their son.
My only two criticisms are that their Atakilt Wat--Cabbage Potato Carrots--dish was not appealing served cold; I have only ever seen and eaten it served hot.  As well, I wasn't a huge fan of their Lentil Sambusa, finding it kinda of flavorless and the lentils undercooked.  The outside was, however, greaseless and perfect.
I would definitely go back and not order the Atakilt, again, unless they could serve it hot or the Sambusa.  We had all of the rest of the vegetarian entrees, which were perfect, as was their Injera bread.I ordered takeout today from Addis Nola today and it's amazing!   I had the Veggie Combo with additional Shiro and an Ethiopian spiced tea.  The veggie combo is really enough for two big meals. The cabbage, shiro and beets were my favorite of the choices.  The bread was tangy and spongy just as it should be.  I highly recommend the spiced tea to help put out the fire in your mouth.  New Orleans really needs a restaurant like Addis Nola.  I highly recommend it.After several months of wanting Ethiopian food I found Addis Nola and let me start by saying it was absolutely delicious. I know that I will be craving this again sometime soon. I placed an order over the phone and it was ready in about 10 minutes. It came out packaged perfectly, steaming hot and delicious.
I ordered the chicken tibs with a side of collard greens and Doro wat with a side of collards too. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. The last time I had Ethiopian food this good I was in Silver Spring Maryland.
I'm so happy to know that I don't have to travel hundreds of miles away from home for authentic and delicious Ethiopian food. The service was also amazing. I will be back soon.SO. DELICIOUS. Do yourself a favor and check out Addis, and try some fare that you typically cannot find in New Orleans. I'm vegetarian with gluten restrictions but my boyfriend is not--and Addis offers something for both of us, with incredibly low cost per plate for such great food. The Veggie Combo is yummy and the Red Lentils are rich and AMAZING, wish I could make them at home. Ethiopian flat bread is naturally gluten-free, made with teff flour, so you are good to go if you are GF. Owners/operators a very welcoming, the chef and the son of the owner came out to speak with us and the table next to ours to ask for thoughts and to share some of the ingredients/spices they use. The food took a little longer than expected to come out but was worth the wait, and the wait may have just been the time we were there. We'll be back to eat for sure!Love this place. Sambusa stuffed with greens, chicken tidbits with spinach served with rice and yellow green peas...YUMMYThe people here are awesome and they've updated the decor since my last visit. We got the doro wat and the lamb tibs. Both were super flavorful! Feels like they treat the people who walk in like family- very genuine people who take pride in their food and go out of their way to give people a full experienceThis place has the trifecta: reasonable price, impeccable service, and SPECTACULAR food! The host, Blaze, and our server were warm and welcoming. They made great suggestions and we felt like we were dining with family (the good kind!). We prefer vegan food and learned about vegan Mondays, but a nearby table raved about their meat dish that also looked delicious. This is a great place to bring kids and has something for everyone!Definitely try Addis if you're looking for good Ethiopian food, or know nothing about Ethiopian food but are hungry and want a good meal and friendly service! I've seen this place so many times driving by or when I go next door for coffee, and wish I tried Addis a long time ago.
The staff is super nice and can recommend dishes and explain the backstory of their food and even the origin story of coffee if you're interested. Definitely try the coffee, they roast it in-house from beans they get from Ethiopia, and it's unlike any other coffee I've had, it tastes spiced and is so good.
The doro wat was my favorite dish, especially tasty with the ayib (fresh cheese) crumbled over it and their house-made dry hot sauce. They also make a hot sauce out of the dry spiced sauce, merlot, beer, and orange soda that you should definitely try. You can get everything family style if you want, and it will come out on a giant platter which is a really fun way to enjoy a meal. Also, injera (the spongy, crepe-like bread) is made from teff flour, which doesn't contain gluten.I've already been twice! The food is amazing! So happy to have an Ethiopian restaurant in Midcity! My husband and I split the lamb tibs and the veggie combo, so much food! I already want to go back! They even have parking, just be careful backing out.Fantastic food! Atmosphere is phenomenal and very welcoming! Drinks were pretty great as well!We thoroughly enjoyed our first experience at Addis Nola! The food and service was amazing! Everything was fresh and exquisite. I can't wait to go back!!!I adore this place.  Ethiopian is up there with Indian food, amount my favorite flavors.  The food is authentic and delicious. You don't have to go hot spicy, but I like to!  The Doro Wot is out of this world good.  It's all good!  I love the vegetarian plate too.  
The staff are wonderful.  Interior decor is modern and eclectic.  Highly recommend this restaurant.I had an amazing meal delivered from Addis Nola. Everything was so well seasoned and good that I practically inhaled it! I stated with a side of cabbage and it was very tasty I usually don't enjoy cooked carrots but, in this dish, they paired well with the cabbage. The chicken with spinach tibs was also delicious. The portion was huge and each bite was well balanced with heat and spice.  I can't wait to try more items on their menu!This is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've ever been to. Their food is just so flavorful -- the chefs clearly are masters of the spice mix and every dish had that perfect balance of smokey and spicy. We had shrimp tibs, the veggie combo, and meat sambusa, all fantastic. This place will please vegetarians, meat eaters, and pescatarians. Also, it was very easy to order online for pick-up, no issues with the website. 
If you're here because you want to support more black-owned businesses and Black Lives Matter, they also were giving out posters commemorating George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and others, which I appreciated.We were the only people there when we came in and the host said they go by reservation now, but since no one was there obviously we sat down easily. This was my first time trying Ethiopian, so I wasn't really sure what to expect. I got the veggie combo, and the food was very flavorful. You eat with your hands so it gets kind of messy. Eating here is more of an experience, something different, and it was enjoyable, but I don't think it was enough for me to return. However you should give it a try. The owner and another guy who worked there talked with us for a bit, and they're very friendly and sweet.This is my second time grabbing takeout from this place when I'm in town. They never disappoint me! The food and service is always top notch and I'll be back the next time I'm around. We live about an hour or so away and anytime I'm in the area I try to place an order because Ethiopian food is one of my love languages. This time I ordered the doro wat with red lentils & greens & injera (all my favs) and I got lamb tibs w/same sides for my honey. He devoured his plate and I dogged into mine, but saved some for leftovers. I can't wait to finish my dinner today!Delicious, excellent service, authentic coffee. 
Seating inside and outside. Clean and organized. Didn't wait much for the food 15-20 min)Really good! Ordered takeout. Seemed like the lamb tibs was popular so got that. Got rice and collard greens with it. Not too familiar with Ethiopian food. It was just the right amount of spicy for me. I mixed it all in a bowl and devoured it. Can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu!So good! Some of the best Ethiopian food I've ever had. Really nice, too-- great service and lovely atmosphere.This is a great place to get your Ethiopian food fix. If you've never had it before, the staff will walk you through what everything is and will give you some recommendations (you eat with your hands, which is actually quite easy once you get the hang of it). The food is amazing and they have tons of different spices and sauces to mix it up.
I would highly recommend trying the Ethiopian coffee. Even if you don't like black coffee (or coffee at all), try it without any cream or sugar. The beans are roasted in house and have a spice quality to them, which makes the coffee almost taste like chai tea. The waitress was super friendly and shared tons of great stories about the Ethiopian coffee ceremony, the origin of coffee, and how to best drink it. 
Overall, this place is absolutely amazing. The staff is so friendly and the ambiance of the whole restaurant is incredible.Absolutely excellent Ethiopian food (I tried lamb, chicken, beef, and veggie), incredible service, affordable wine selection, and a wonderful overall experience. I will definitely be back!This place is family-owned and phenomenal! The lamb was incredibly tender and flavorful. The shrimp -- their Caribbean/nola flare on Ethiopian food -- was also amazing. We enjoyed the dessert that was some type of affogato made with  Ethiopian coffee. This place has great food, great service, and the whole meal is an fun experience.Completely overstanding the current climate I wasn't offended when I realized you must have yr vax card to eat indoors. They have a small patio and a free parking lot. The art works start outside and get more beautiful inside. The entrance is on the parking lot side. Service was excellent, kind young man. The indoor space is so lovely. I was disappointed not to eat at one of the traditional tables. Many restaurants in New Orleans area I'm finding have the inexcusable habit of changing the prices without correcting the online or counter menus, so the meal was about $12 more than anticipated, which would be fine if this wasn't a common occurrence here. My veggie plate and tej were so delicious. The injera was a little bitter in a way I've never experienced before, but still very good. Veggie plate left enough for lunch tomorrow!What is there to say about Addis Nola that isn't simply the utmost praise? Nothing, to be honest, because that's what this place deserves. An Ethiopian gem in Broadmoor, Addis Nola has become one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. 
Although awkwardly placed in a building complex, with an indoor dining space that is a bit inconsistent throughout, my experience became fantastic the moment I interacted with the waiter. He was very kind and considerate, helping my friend and I figure out what to order and what exactly everything was, for we weren't the most familiar with this East African cuisine. Now, I've always been a rice guy first and foremost if given an option between that and bread, but our waiter convinced me to try their traditional injera, a thin, pancake-like dish with delicious spice and nutty flavor. We did, and of course, it was amazing. We also ordered a sort of chicken and spinach stew to eat the injera with, and a spicy curry-like sauce that came on the side. Along with this, I had an Ethiopian tea, which is similar to Turkish tea, with a little more zest as opposed to sweetness, though. 
Addis Nola introduced me to a fare of food I had never had before and has me craving to try out restaurants of similar caliber in New Orleans or anywhere else that has a good Ethiopian scene. Pushing itself to my list of Top 10 in the city, I cannot recommend this locale enough.Now let me start off by saying I'm not a fan of Ethiopian food at ALL. The first time I tried it all I remembered was the sponge bread and having the worst stomach ache of my life, but this spot right here made me do a complete 180. First of all as soon as you walk in the delightful scent of all their fresh spices hits you. I ordered the veggie combo and lentil Sambusa which I would definitely recommend for vegetarians. I don't eat greens so I subbed for extra red lentils, but their yellow split peas were SO good I wish I would've doubled those. Everything else on the platter was great, my only complaint would be that the green lentils were a little too tart for my liking, but I just mixed and matched with the other veggies. The lentil smabosas were delicious and oh so flaky, it reminded me of a Ethiopian samosa with better sauces. I sampled some of the fish and it was great, not too greasy and the tomato sauce paired excellent with the fish and rice. I'm not a lamb fan, but my sister cleaned the plate which is always self explanatory. Overall this is definitely a must try in the city! And the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food.These were the best veggies that I've ever had the pleasure of eating. It was only my second time eating Ethiopian food, and the waiter was extremely accommodating and helpful. He explained items on the menu, and even told me what makes their food stand out and special. The doro wat was a little on the spicy side, but it wasn't overwhelming. I definitely enjoyed it. The waiter also suggested that I try the Addis Original to drink. It was sweet and potent. I definitely see myself going here again.AMAZING - we got the veggie combo, lamb tibs, and awaze beef. All super flavorful. They had outdoor seating which we didn't see until we got out take-out, but they were super easygoing about letting use the table. Really delicious. Injera was great too. Highly recommend stopping by.A quaint restaurant with really good food and nice atmosphere with authentic Ethiopian cuisine.Addis Nola is soooo delicious! I had been once before but came back for takeout during Hurricane Zeta when everything in my fridge had to be thrown out. I got the doro wot because that was my favorite last time and I am happy to report it is still delicious! The collard greens are also some of my favorite collard greens I've ever eaten. The staff here is so friendly too. I highly recommend you check them out!Third visit in as many weeks. That tells you something. I'm in love. Everything I've eaten has been delicious but the lentils and greens are the stars and I am more of a carnivore than a veggie. Everyone on staff is as pleasant as can be. Engaging in interesting conversation without over stepping that fine line.My daughter and I went to Addis for an early lunch today and we could not have been more pleased. The server, Blaise, was friendly and accommodating and we received our food very quickly. The food was amazing. There were many vegetarian options and everything was absolutely delicious. The servings were so large, we had to take some of the food home.   If I lived in NOLA, I would go there a lot. Next time I am in NOLA, it is a definite choice.Wonderful dinner with excellent hosts.  We had the Veggie combo with Sea Bass and Ribeye Tibs. Enough for the 4 of us.The amount and quality of the food is amazing. Haven't been inside, but have had their delivery. 100% would recommend. I hope they stick around.Ahhhhhh, so glad they are back.  Had it today and it is still delicious. You have got to try.  The entire experience is awesome.  The food is delicious.The BEST Ethiopian food I've had in my life. I've tried Ethiopian in Seattle, San Francisco, Toronto, Houston, and New York. Nothing compared to this. The spinach and chicken tibs were divine. Will be coming back each time I come to New Orleans. We ate until we couldn't move.Excellent quality Ethiopian food in a pleasant setting. We went recently for lunch and sat at their comfy banquettes. My partner and I often order the veggie combo when dining at Ethiopian  restaurants, and the woman who waited on us placed both orders on a single injera lined platter with each of us getting our own distinct mounds of food. The portions were generous and the food delicious. I'm a big fan and will return. If you've never tried  Ethiopian  food, I recommend it, as it's one of my  favorites. You may even learn to enjoy eating with your hands. Wine and beer available, or try the distinctive coffee that's a hallmark of the cuisine.My family is currently evacuating due to Hurricane Delta and ended up in New Orleans. Featured on multiple lists of Black-owned restaurants in the city, we decided to order take out from Addis. We got the Veggie Combo and one order of lentil Sambusas. It was all so delicious and made a bad situation a little less horrible. All of the sides looked so pretty together, too. I wish I'd ordered more injera. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town! And the host was so kind and welcoming. It was a really great experience:)The BEST Ethiopian food in the city . HANDS!DOWN! Excellent food and service . Not to mention , they always make me feel right at home. Please support this business !This was my first experience with Ethiopian food but it definitely will not be my last! I had the lamb and it was perfectly cooked. The spices complemented the meat well and the bread pulled it all together. I also tried the veggie combo and it also didn't disappoint. Prince was very nice and came out and talked with us about the cuisine. A super fun environment. I highly recommend this local, family run restaurant!So good, you should really run, not walk to Addis.
My husband and I were so glad to be living in a city that has Ethiopean food again and came to Addis to celebrate my birthday. What a wonderful experience! We got the veggie combo, doro wat, the lamb tibs and shiro, planning for leftovers. Unfortunately not as much left over as we planned as it was SO good! But the leftovers were also excellent! 10/10 highly recommend and we will absolutely be back. 
As a bonus, I've been following these guys since before we moved this summer and they were really there for the community following Hurricane Ida - doing pay what you can meals for folks. Really a commendable spirit of community - plus excellent food.