Fantastic Italian - add the Ocean Sauce for local flavor.  Accommodated our party of eight without problem or fuss. We had an 1.5 hour wait, ended up being just under that but believe me, we were glad we waited.
Began with an order of mussels and one of the cannelloni appetizers (delish!) as well as plenty of fresh garlic bread to go 'round.  Everyone at the table opted for their entre with the Ocean Sauce -- most agreed grouper was the best choice for fish and my brother Loved the veal. 
I will be back next time I visit New Orleans!
Tips:
- Cash only, but there is an ATM on site
- Make sure to check out the music in one of the venues surrounding the restaurant
- Don't be scared away by the wait!The ALL of the appetizers are just amazing... and ocean sauce... to die for.. I love this place. the first floor has great music and vibe~~ make sure to stop by n grab a drink. Adolfo brings out the magic in his dish =) just try!!Adolfo's has got a pretty intimate vibe. After passing a bar to the second floor, you're treated to an area with just a few tables.
It's creole-Italian hybrid style of cooking means there are frogs legs with pasta on the menu. The pasta is alright - it could use a lot more sauce, and is nothing fancy. Their peppercorn rum steak is pretty good though - the sauce is rich, the meat is tender, and they use whole peppercorns.
Note that this place is cash only. They do have an ATM, but it cost a good $4 to use.Tilapia, ocean sauce, perfection.
Worth the wait, especially if you're waiting in the bar downstairs.
My meal was better than anything else I have had before or since.  Period.Good food and atmosphere was pleasant except for the surly waiter, who had no sense of humor about the wine cork that came in my salad plate! Couldn't be bothered to listen to what the customer wanted when told that some bland noodles were needed. If serving six tables stresses you out, find different work.First time I went there and had the chicken parm, it was awesome. The garlic bread was so flavorful and awesome, I could kill all the sparkling "vampires" (because vampires don't sparkle, fairies do) in twlight by breathing on them. The pasta melted in my mouth, I didn't have to chew. Place was amazing, was kind of disappointed about their desserts though, as they're not made there but ordered from some place, in california. Either way food was still good.Food was decent. Cooked fresh and not saturated in salt. But we had to ask for everything... extra cheese for our salad and pasta, salt, pepper, bread and napkins. Once the bill came we realized we did not get a real receipt..  is this a New Orleans thing?We waited for about 1 hour on a December Saturday night. But it's totally worth it. We had two different kind of fishes with ocean sauce and mussels as appetizer. It's totally do you licious. This is the best fish that I've ever had in US. Two thumbs up!Where to start.   As we waited for this establishment to open, we notice the staff carrying supplies into the restaurant.   Salad mixes, frozen tiramisu, paper supplies.   We laughed thinking maybe it was like the TV food show "Chopped", where they take pre-made food and made tasty dishes.  Not for us.  House salad (Salad mix) with dressing, unsure if the dressing was store bought also.  I had the house daily special - stuffed flounder.  It was good and the "ocean sauce" - creamy sauce with small pieces of shrimp, crab and other seasonings, was as told very good. My husband had steak with the ocean sauce over it.  The steak was not a good cut, very fatty and unsure why the difference but the ocean sauce on his steak was full of pepper that it took away the flavor of the steak and the sauce.  The prices for our meal was a little unreasonable for what we ate (our own  kitchen produced better). We took pictures, you decide.  However our server was very good.Stick to the menu items or ask how much the specials are.  I think I was taken advantage of when I ordered the special tout dish.  It wasn't that good and it was $10 over the menu items and ended up being the most expensive item they had.  The server should have said something.  The dish could have used more seasoning and the stuffing they used was really dry.  I won't be back there.We came here on a whim and I was glad we did. They don't take reservations and on a Thursday night we waited 5 minutes and got seated. There aren't many tables, so be prepared to wait. The service was great and we shared the stuffed flounder and lamb rack specials. Both were excellent.Everything was delicious,  except for the complimentary garlic bread. The eggplant parm app was gooey, yummy, and filling. We had dishes with lemon, butter and garlic and it was truly amazing.We went in January and we literally had to warm our hands over the candles. The Ocean sauce was pretty good but I had multiple pieces of crab tendon and shell. The price for the portion of pasta I received was a little steep. I ordered the shrimp pasta with ocean sauce and literally had 3 shrimp.
The pasta was cooked very well and the sauce was sufficient throughout although it needed a tiny salt for my taste. My wife's chicken bricatta was very well done and seasoned magnificently.I really don't get how people rave about this place. Maybe we were really REALLY unlucky but my friend and I both agreed this was one of the worst Italian experiences we've ever had. We waited an hour and a half to sit (not an issue, we knew the deal). The menu was a little uninspiring. We had spinach and ricotta cannelloni to start. It was fine, but we both found it under salted. For mains we had chicken parmigiana and italian sausage pasta. The pasta was completely overcooked and clearly store bought. The marinara was tasty but ridiculously watery - we sent it back thinking the pasta hadn't been drained properly but it came back the same. Then... the chicken parmigiana was half chicken... half fish. How does that even happen? I took my first bite from the fish side and immediately knew what it was... I'm allergic to certain fish but luckily wasn't affected by whatever this was. Needless to say both entrees went back, were taken off the bill and we left. I thought the service was OK but my friend (who is a server) thought it was poor.Adolfo's Apple Barrel is a quaint little joint hidden behind some trees half a block from Cafe Brasil.  Adolfo himself cooks the food, which is tasty homestyle fare with a mild German slant, but feet firmly panted in New Orleans.  Good place for drinks with intimate friends.Hands down my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Get there early because they dont take reservations and the restaurant is tiny. We arrived right at opening and were able to sit at a private table by the window overlooking Frenchmen St. The ambiance was wonderful. Service was a bit standoffish but no real big mistakes to mention. 
We started with the mussels in white wine sauce. Delicious!  We had 3 baskets of bread and just about soaked up all the tasty sauce. 
I ordered the veal with ocean sauce and my girlfriend got the lamb chop. Both were wonderful, I couldnt decide which one I liked better. I read many reviews raving about the ocean sauce so I must admit I was curious to see if it would live up to all the hype. I can officially report it did. Exceeded my expectations actually, if that's even possible. 
Prices were pretty fair for the quality and portion size. Best Italian restaurant, if not restaurant, in all of New Orleans.As you may have already read this place is small so pack you patience and get some drinks because it will be a loooonnnggg wait. The Apple Jazz bar downstairs makes it much more bare able. Also there are no customizations with your meals so pick what you can eat. Cash only is another caveat. The food is soso one of the better options on Frenchman street. Service is okay, so drink up to enjoy.I love the mussels here. My favorite Italian place in the city for many reasons. It's not heavy so you can actually enjoy a delicious Italian dinner and not want to pass out for 10 hours immedeately after. The service is top notch and their recommendations are always spot-on. I'm a big fan of the location and the layout of the restaurant.
Grab some dinner here and catch a show at Snug Harbor, it makes for a great night in the marigny.Beware the giant pork chop!
We loved our Adolfo's experience! We wanted to eat early since we had missed lunch, so we headed over and were in line to get in before it opened. (5:30?) We got right in and grabbed a table in the cozy upstairs room, admired the art on the walls, and felt like we were in a 1950s Italian restaurant minus the Chianti bottle with the candle stuck in it. It felt like we were in on some huge secret. 
Our waiter was fine. Not awesome, but totally pleasant. He brought drinks, told us the specials and took our order. After a while, I smelled garlic bread toasting (in the tiny toaster grill behind the bar!). Sure enough, there were baskets of bread shortly thereafter. Buttery and garlicky! Yum. 
We had the crab and corn cannelloni to start. Yummy spicy cream sauce. The mussels looked good too. All our food was delicious, though it was pretty heavy (like so much food in New Orleans). I don't usually have a shrimp cream sauce with artichokes on my veal, but there it was. And it was delicious! The juice fast can begin when I get home...
Just beware of the pork chop special. It is described as a "double cut smoked pork chop" with a mushroom wine sauce. Sounds good, yes? And it is! Absolutely, without a doubt one of the most delicious things ever! Smoking the pork before grilling it is a genius move that I wish I could replicate at home. So tender and juicy, the knife cut right through the top chop and right into the bottom one. Huh? The bottom chop? Yup. It isn't really a "double cut" chop, but TWO two inch pork chops stacked on top of each other. What? Two TWO INCH pork chops stacked on top of each other. We could have easily all been full with one portion. The "gutter punks" on Frenchman St. ate well off our leftovers that night. 
Go. Go early. Go on an empty stomach. And then go next door to the Spotted Cat for some rad jazz (or stay at the Apple Barrel - they were just between sets when we left)!Great area of New Orleans and cute little venue with music and a bar downstairs and the restaurant upstairs. My first impression, however, came from the odor of the restaurant. It stunk of rotting parmesan when we walked in, although my comrades did not seem to notice. It made me feel like, if I ate, I might be nauseous. But, I gave it a few minutes as we sat at our table to settle in, and soon, I didn't notice the smell any more. 
The waitress finally came over, seemingly stressed despite it being a slow Sunday evening on a drizzly night. I momentarily felt like I was in someone's home on the day they decided to first cook Thanksgiving dinner for an extended crowd. 
We ordered the frogs legs, the escargot and the cannelloni with crab meat. The frogs legs were loved by their orderer, and I tried them to give my fair review: they were drenched in a flavorful sauce and had a somewhat slimy and hard chicken feel, which he said was normal. 3-star. They both said the escargot were just okay, failing to finish that plate; I was not Fear-Factor enough to venture into that dish. My cannelloni with crabmeat was fantastic, however, starting at a 4.5 and slowing with tongue boredom to a 3.5. It had great flavor including a wonderful spicy kick. And although its generous size made me happy at first (as it nearly filled me up for a few hours), I think that also worked to its demise to a 3.5. Either way, it's worth a try, particularly if you love crab meat and sharing with a crowd. 
Ambiance, odor and hasty hospitality aside, I'd give this place a 4-star for its food potential.10 tables, 2 chefs, 1 waitress, and the owner waiting tables! Can be a long wait but everybody wants to go to heaven right.   The food is just that Heavenly!  Bring tour patience, your cash and Your appetite. That are keeping the space small buy I assure they have control over every piece of food that is served.  Not like other great restaurants that have expanded or moved and lost what was great about the original!  The steaks, veal, fish and pastas will send your taste buds into a place where you feel like you are at the Chef's  house and he is cooking just for you!  A true pearl in my city which is my oyster!   Enjoy your first trip here and ask the owner to recommend the dish for you. Hope this is helpful.Locals are bad about not reviewing Adolfos for fear of the tourist finding it.Excellent food, great service and perfect New Orleans ambiance. The restaurant is up a flight of stairs, not a large dining room, and subject to long wait times. Definitely had my best meal in the Big Easy.Amazing food. Old time italian feel with a Creole twist.
Adolfo's is perched directly above a music lounge on the incredible Frenchman street. I had the veal with ocean sauce which was absolutely delicious. The sauce itself can be put on almost anything (someone else had grouper with ocean sauce and that was also great). 
Before I go on, let me explain that ocean sauce is made of shrimp crab and and crawfish meat. It is creamy and thick and I could bathe in it for hours. 
Very close to the other fun bars on Frenchman like rbar and maison. Worth a visit and very non-touristy!A must if you come to NOLA, been to this city 5 times now and I've eaten here 4 out of the 5.  Tiny place above an even smaller bar but the food is amazing if you don't mind waiting about an hour to get in.Still sitting at my table and in love with the food! We did wait a good hour plus for our table, but it was worth the wait! My sister and I split three appetizers of mussels, oysters and escargot. I have been in heaven blending the different flavored with the bread and shell fish. Just fantastic!!! Please do yourself a favor and order ANY of these appetizers. I rate the escargot first, then mussels, then oysters. All were absolutely amazing!!This restaurant!!! The best in New Orleans!! The best hole in the wall!! The food is fantastico!!!i want to stay here for s week and try everything!!! Sawyer, our waiter was great! Intelligent, well versed and so knowledgable on the entrees !!OMG! I had the steak Madrina which comes topped with shrimp scampi and it is to die for!!! The steak is perfectly cooked and seasoned and the shrimp is so succulent. This place is definitely everything it's cracked up to be!Fantastic little gem - that needs to be searched and looked out for like a treasure. To find it already proves to be a challenge and your mobile phone GPS will come on handy for that. slightly off the beaten tracks of the French quarter our hotel concierge (bourbon hotel) recommended this place - and boy was he right with that. 
Once you actually located the place and crawled up the stairs you find yourself in a little oasis with tasty smells coming out of the kitchen. Interior is simple - number of tables are very limited but if you are lucky enough to have conquered one of them you are in for a treat (no reservations, no credit card, no 21st century app nonsense). 
From the garlic bread, to the entrees and "secondi platti" things are really tasty, have great garlic / onion / mustard etc. taste and come in huge portions. 
We had the chicken creole/mustard and the chicken tyrel. Prices are reasonable incl. the wine bottles. come in early or otherwise you will be on the waiting list. 
Down below is a cute little club that completes the place nicely. 
Overall well recommendable.Absolutely phenomenal food. It's hard to believe that quality of food is prepared in that tiny space.
Sam our server was great .. we never touched a menu. He asked what we liked and recommended our meals and was bang on
Ambience was cool, prices very reasonable and the food was memorable...art market next store was an added bonus.
Steak with mushroom butter sauce and chicken piccata meals were delicious. Don't miss this place.Disappointed by this place. After waiting 3 hours for a table, we expected stellar food. Instead we got spoiled shrimp in our ocean sauce that made two people sick and they forgot to make one of our meals. When we told the waitress that the shrimp was bad, there was no apology and no discount.Extremely disappointing. This is a tourist trap - please note most of the reviews are from people who waited extremely long times. They were on Frenchmen Street, probably drinking for hours and just content with getting to sit down to some warm food... (I'm adding this because I went here based on the reviews)
I went on a Tuesday evening & there was no wait, the restaurant was half full & I was immediately seated. The service was fine, but the taste & quality of the food - especially for the price - was atrocious. The cannelloni was bland with no flavor. My side salad was nothing remarkable, and my boyfriend's side pasta was also extremely plain. I had the shrimp & crawfish pasta with alfredo sauce. I tried adding salt to it & the salt was just a frozen brick in the shaker, which makes me question their attention to details on all levels. The seafood was not fresh, with flavorless watery sauce. My boyfriend was heavily persuaded by our server to try the special, which was a strip steak with ocean sauce. It was overcooked, medium-well instead of the medium-rare he ordered & the sauce was the same quality of watery & flavorless like everything else. 
The best they had to offer was their complimentary toast - because it had butter on it. 
And the cost was absurd. We're both locals and love supporting local businesses and there are many amazing places in the city to eat. This is not one.I had the rack of lamb special, and it was fantastic! Not fancy, but very good. We had to wait 45 minutes for a table for six. Gave us a chance to look around the area.Do not eat here.  The wait was long due to the extremely small room.  The decor was dark and cluttered.  The food itself would be reason enough not to return, but it got worse.  A roach landed next to my plate. When the waiter saw my reaction he came and killed it, but I was unable to continue my meal, which I still paid for.  He apologized and brought me iced tea.  I would NEVER recommend this placeOk, basics were overlooked (no bread on the table, no pepper mill either) but our waiter Sawyer was great and the atmosphere was incredible. Old place, uneven floors and tables gave it its charm. We had the house salads, escargot, oysters Pernod, eggplant parm, cannelloni with crabmeat and another with sausage. Everything was delicious even though we were full before eating the sausage cannelloni. Nice Italian Pinot noir to wash it down and there was music in the street when we left. Great Time!!!! Cash only!I think the food is highly overrated, frankly. Had their recommended dish with ocean sauce, and it was honestly not nearly as tasty as I was expecting...creamy and bland.
If you're the type of person who goes into an Italian restaurant and orders a fettuccine alfredo, you'll probably like it.
Service was really quite nice though.We went here based upon recommendation from the door man at DBA after seeing my friend, the fabulous Linnzi Zaorski perform there. It was about 10 pm on a Wednesday and we were seated right away.  Our waiter was obviously a real foodie and his recommendations were spot-on. (He also cooks there a few nights a week, so we knew he knew what was best!)   I got the grouper with ocean sauce- tender, plentiful, and very fresh.  My boyfriend got a butterflied pork chop 5 inches thick and 10 inches round. He said it was cooked to perfection. He is a "good eater" but couldn't finish the whole thing on-site. Took the rest home to the B&B and he enjoyed it again microwaved at 3 am.  Excellent window seat view over Frenchman street. Very romantic, exquisite meal.  Perfect service. Cash only, but they have an ATM with a $4 fee.  I wish I could go back tonight.Full 5stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sooooooooooooo delicious !!!!!!!!!!!everything is good!so good!!can't believe !!!!!!!it is one of the best restaurant in my life......can't forget tonight....everything is perfect !!My husband and I strolled down to Frenchman street for the evening hoping to have dinner at Three Muses, but they were closed for renovations so we kept walking and came across this place.  The menu board out front was enticing and despite the mixed reviews on here we thought we'd give it a try.
The gentleman at the entrance warned us it would be about an hour's wait, so we went on in to put our name in with the hostess.  She was rather short with us when we did, but we figured she was just busy and brushed it off.  She did tell us it would be closer to an hour and a half so we told her we'd be in the bar downstairs.  
We got a couple of drinks and proceeded to have a thoroughly entertaining hour wait despite the horrid musical act they had in the bar.  Way too loud.  However, the bartender was engaging and friendly and we had a great time laughing with other patrons waiting for their tables.
At the one hour mark, the waiter, noticing we had been there longer than anyone else at that point, went to check on our table himself and said we were about 20 minutes away at that point.  
20 minutes later, the waitress came down and called two large groups (both of whom appeared to have given up and left).  We tried to ask how many were still ahead of us and she left up the stairs without answering.  The bartender apologized and offered us some ice water as we said we wanted to hold off on more drinks until we had eaten.
20 minutes after that, the guy from the door came down and called another couple up.  We asked him where we were on the list and he said, "I have a table for Kathy ahead of you and then you are up".
The lady came down and called Kathy a few minutes later.
Then she called two other tables for people who came in after us.  
My husband tried to ask her a question about why we weren't next and she ignored us to head back up the stairs.  The bartender got her attention and she said she "had no idea where we were on the list".  When we tried to tell her we'd been assured we were next she snapped that "lots of people were waiting".  When I replied that we'd been waiting over 2 hours, she yelled (not even exaggerating) "Everyone has been waiting two hours!".
That was the point at which we tipped the bartender and left.
It was our anniversary trip to New Orleans and we were treated like garbage at this restaurant.  I don't care how good the food might have been.  You don't treat potential customers like inconvenient trash.  Not only would I never go there again, I'm not sure I want to go back to Frenchman street again.  Horrible experience.  One star is given only because the yelp system requires something to be entered.I ordered my steak rare it came out beyond purple.  I ate the Ocean Sauce around it and when the waitress came to take my plate, I showed her not expecting much as I was full and not looking for it to be recooked.  She offered to take my dinner off the check and I thought that was very nice.  I heard her telling someone in the back I didn't like it and argued with him loudly for the whole restaurant to hear.  She then came back and said I'm so sorry but the manager wants you to pay for the plate because you ate the Ocean Sauce.  Get out of town!  I didn't ask for accommodation to begin with...  then this jerk yells from the kitchen and the waitress has to come back and apologize that I now have to pay for the food.  This restaurant is tiny and it caused a scene and was embarrassing.  I have never sent a plate back before in my life nor did I this time.  I'm so embarrassed and just want to run out.  To add insult to injury I have to wait for my check so the I can pay for the meal I didn't eat and got yelled at for.  Disgusting behavior.  And it's freezing cold in here....Two words.... ocean sauce! You can put it on anything but I recommend the grouper, delicious!
We dined around 7 pm on a Tuesday and JUST missed the wait. The place is small so get there early. Waitress was extremely friendly and attentive, even though they were short staffed that evening. Started with the mussels with white wine and garlic sauce.... very tasty and extremely large portion. My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb, which was also very flavorful and delicious. A little pricey but definitely worth the money!Overrated! I arrived early and waited in line prior to the restaurant opening to guarantee a table. Having checked out the reviews and menu in advance, I was looking forward to eating here. 
I was sadly disappointed in the food, service and atmosphere. The garlic bread tasted like Pam sprayed on bread slices and toasted. No flavor. My chicken parmigiana was watery (yes, you read that correctly!) and bland. The best part of my meal was the glass of house Cabernet.Worst restaurant in ever been too. Two hour wait. Served drinks out of dirty glasses. Food prep man (who is out in the open) did not use gloves and obviously had a cold. 
Server was incredibly rude and condescending to me. We ordered Alfredo and got a butter sauce. Then the waiter told us they don't make Alfredo anymore, but refused to get us something else. 
My girlfriend was crying before we left. Not worth it at all!!We heard about this place from a friend and it was absolutely amazing! Remember that appearances can be deceiving! It is worth the wait! Enjoy!!Possibly the best seafood dish I have had EVER!  One of their special for today was sea bass. I had their "ocean  sauce".  This sauce is amazing. Tender tasty shrimp, plenty of crab meat and crawfish. No a drop of sauce left on my plate, yes it's that good. Sea bass was cook perfectly and very flavorful.  You can't go wrong, it's a no brainier. Enjoy!Described as Italian/Creole food, this place serves up pure deliciousness.  Adolfo's is a hidden, quirky, little gem that is found above the Apple Barrel Bar.  The seating is extremely limited and there isn't a time that they aren't busy, so expect a little bit of a wait.  But the wait is well worth it!  I've had the escargot, cannelloni with crabmeat and corn, scallops, and also the fish of the day served with ocean sauce....which is heavenly.  There are several different types of fish you can choose from, but the ocean sauce is a medley of crab, shrimp, crawfish, and capers swimming in a rich, garlicky sauce.  A must-try dish!!
Please note - this place is CASH ONLY!!!!Adolfo's Restaurant is an institution. They have 12 tables, a wait staff of 4, and no advertising budget (as evidenced by there inconspicuously placed sign). The location is a bit hard to find, so look carefully.  
The wait on the weekend is heroic but well worth it. 
If you are a redfish aficionado, you are in the right place. Order their redfish with the "ocean sauce"( a rich cream sauce full of crawfish tails and crab meat). 
As with most New Orleans institutions, bring cash and tip well. 
The waiters remember.Tried to eat there two nights in a row because our friend said it was her favorite. First night we waited patiently to put our name in & everyone ignored us so we left. Second night we finally got someone's attention and she rudely said "we're not seating anymore" We will never try again.No question... some of the best food in New Orleans. When I visit New Orleans, Adolfo's is always on my list to eat and many times twice in one trip. Everything is excellent.If you are a foodie, this is not your stop. The space is cute but the "ocean sauce"??? Disgusting. Honestly, where is the food with your food. This is not an authentic Italian restaurant. Who needs excessive cream and butter with their fish or seafood. The fish is unidentifiable! I do not recommend. Service was good, I will give it that. Otherwise, a two out of ten. If you cook or like to eat food for the taste of the food, a NO GO!!!This place was a dive and the steak was awesome! Worth the wait. Staff was really friendly.i had almost forgotten about this place - it's been so long since i'd eaten there and it's easy to miss.  went with a group of 8 last night and now, i can't wait to go back on a date night.  the place reminds me of the italian restaurant scene in lady and the tramp.  it's not fancy, but so romantic!  the food is fantastic.  narcissist made me order the fish michelle, but i'm glad i took his advice.  we were a rowdy bunch - ordered 6 bottles of wine - and our waitress indulged every whim.  i've read the reviews and i'm sure every word is gospel; it's not a place for everyone.  thank god.So as part of my "NOLA Food Tour 2018" I decided to stop here and check it out per my coworkers suggestion. Although our waitress was the best, the food itself was underwhelming. The entree came with either a salad or a pasta with marinara so I ordered the salad.  It came out first (typical, yes) but then when my salmon entree came out there was literally nothing else on the plate, so side, no garnish, nothing! Had I known, I would have asked for them to bring the salad out with my salmon.....then, wait....I forgot....the salad was out of a bag. Like the kind you buy from the supermarket on sale for 2/$5.  Our waitress also doubles as a bartender so I will say the tequila concoction she whipped was life changing! Be ready to wait if you go on a popular night, because the place is cute and quaint (emphasis on quaint) The service makes up for the average food, so it's worth the trip especially if your on Frenchman street anyway.Excellent food, great service. Rack of lamb and fish with shrimp and crawfish. Helpful recs.Wow! Great surprise. They don't take reservations, but it's worth the wait. Food was amazing. The stuffed flounder special last night AMAZING!  Markey, our server made our experience most enjoyable, and all of her suggestions were spot on! Try it, you'll like it.Went here for a girl's night, and it was a fantastic choice! Ocean sauce is definitely the way to go. Tonight one of the fish choices was grouper, which my friend and I got. We both agreed that this was one of the best meals we've ever had: the flavor of the fish in the sauce is to die for; add crawfish, shrimp and crabmeat, you just don't want the meal to end! Our other friends got the chicken Tyler and the veal ocean and absolutely loved them. We ordered the oysters as an appetizer, which was okay. The main courses though are what you want to come here for. Try this place out!The flounder with ocean sauce is so good. The salad was so good and the crab cannelloni absolutely blew me away. I can't  say how much I want to come back as soon as I can. But beware. It is cash only.I have never had talapia this good. I can't say anything negative about this restaurant. It is phenomenal. Hands down the best in NOLA.I heard a lot of hype about Adolfo's but unfortunately it didn't live up to it. I personally love garlic, but the garlic on the garlic bread was even too much for me. We got the veal and it is was a little gristly and the presentation wasn't the prettiest. It's above a bar, so you can hear what's going on down below. There's only 1 super tiny bathroom so you might have to wait. 
I would give it a second try if I had the opportunity, maybe I would change my mind.This place was such a little gem! Located down on Frenchmen street "where the locals go", and that was an awesome experience in itself! Ordered the flounder with the ocean sauce and it was simply amazing as the main course, but we started the night off with the mussels that were so delicious! You must check this place out!Amazing food in a quaint dining room. Well worth the hour plus wait. Great double cut smoked pork chops in a port wine sauce with mushrooms. Oysters pernot and escargot apps are to die for. The waitress Nicole was helpful and very cute. A must go if your on Frenchman street.Amazing!  Get the ocean sauce and you won't go wrong. I'd eat a shoe with that sauce- it's that phenomenal.  The canneloni appetizer was huge enough to be a meal. Great authentic foodThis place was a great find and food and service was amazing I would for sure come back again , everything was greatI feel like I'm reading about a place in bizarro land, in the other world.  The Adolfo's I went to, that I was recommended to go to by another local of awesome food (Killer Po'Boys) was delicious.  We arrived early since we were told they only have a few tables.  We had amazingly fast and friendly service.  We were told that they only accepted cash and we were ready to be carted out of there by the time we finished eating.  Yes, it was dark, but I know where my mouth is.  The pasta with Marina and the pasta with Alfredo sauce could've been better, but with a dash of salt on my Alfredo, it was to me.  The entrees are so large, I could still be eating it and that was almost a week ago!  I had the special, which was rainbow trout stuffed with crawfish, lump crab, CLEANED shrimp and something else that I can't remember now.  The sauce was delicious and I enjoyed every bite I could get into my mouth.  We were warned that the waiters might be greasy and the service might be sketchy, but we must've went on a great night because we did not find that to be the case at all.  I would definitely go back, around the same time and pray that they were serving the same special.  I feel sorry that people had such a bad experience in one of the greatest restaurants that I've eaten at in a long time.Really really good seafood. Definitely some old recipes here. Amazing food, every time I visit New Orleans I must go to this restaurant to get true New Orleans style seafood, as good as it gets!Delicious combo of creole and Italian. The dishes are on the heavy/cream side, so don't be afraid to ask the waiter for the lightest thing on the menu -- it will still be decadent. 
Be prepared for up to an hour wait on peak nights, but the surrounding neighborhood has plenty of distractions.
Pro Tip: a $20 bill, smoothly placed in the hands of the person running the list,  will get you seated promptlyYour first time here, GET THE OCEAN SAUCE ON WHATEVER FISH YOU WANT. It is RIDICULOUSLY delicious. We were just visiting and came here on a recommendation. I am definitely going to recommend this place to friends and possibly visit again in the future once I've tried everything noteworthy in NOLA!My husbands lamb was outstanding. But if you have any allergies or ask for something not to be included with your meal be aware you cannot deviate or make any adjustments.  They also did not give us any refills or offer. I finished my drink and the waiter just picked up the glass and walked away. I thought he may be refilling it but he didn't come back until we were done eating.  For the price the service isn't worth it.We waited 2 hours to eat here! 
Food is soooo worth the wait. Especially if it is your first time! 
It was recommended by my brother in law whom had been before. 
I reccomend trying anything they have on special for the night. My fiance got the most amazing pork chop I have ever tried! Seriously it was so delicious, all of us were eating off his plate. 
I had the traditinal eggplant parmagiana which was yummy too. 
Our sausage appetizer was delicious, I would get it again!
Service was good, probably better if we gave our waiter a chance. We were so hungry (we got seated at 10:15 pm)  we barely let him speak, we just wanted to order food and eat.This is the place to go! Service from Caroline was fantastic, i only waited 10mins to be seated and she was attentive all throughout my experience. Food was amazing! Had the mussels and the lamb...not to be missed!Amazing! We stumbled upon this treasure on accident while we were in NOLA. The mussels, pasta with clams, and stuffed fish were all . The ocean sauce is by far the best thing I have ever had! Our waitress was inviting and knowledgeable. We will Be Back!Somehow I feel like I was having a bad day when I ate here, because of all of the rave reviews that I seem to contradict!
The waitstaff, first of all, was excellent.  She was so attentive and made sure that my glass was never empty, which I really appreciate.
The "special oyster sauce" was not something I wanted to put on everything, and the food did not taste particularly fresh.  I had the crabmeat-stuffed pasta entree, which did not seem to be particularly fresh. 
The advantage to this place is that it is a quaint location and perfect for a date, which gives it 3 stars for me.  Otherwise, the food leaves more to be desired.Stumbled upon this little gem.  Loved the rack of lamb and the hub's stuffed flounder.  Ocean sauce is a must.  Don't be in a rush and take your time to savor every bite and soak up the atmosphere.  Impeccable service.Yes, the food was AMAZING. We had the cannelloni with crabmeat and corn for appetizer, and then crawfish stuffed rainbow trout with ocean sauce. The fish was fresh and the sauces were brilliant... However, the best part of our dinner was our server Isabel. Helpful, prompt, and genuine, she really made us feel at home. Goes to show that even with the amazing seafood and music, what you end up remembering most in New Orleans is the beautiful people.This place is so special! The service was great. I had the mussels and I couldn't finish them the portion was much. When can you ever say that about a mussel dish? It was so yummy! My husband had the lamb and he ate it all. We didn't have to wait at all, but it was 6 on a Monday. It is a cash only place, so be advised. This will be a staple whenever we are in town.This is more of a review of my overall experience there. First off before I vent the food was decent. I was not a fan of my main dish and my dates meal I felt was a bit bland. The appetizers were good. Had the mussels and cannolis. Those were tasty. 
This is where I vent. They only accept cash. I had already ordered a lot of food and a bottle of wine before I found out about this. I went to the ATM machine that they conveniently have inside the restaurant. Come to find out I had already exceeded my daily withdraw limit. So I was on the phone for over 20 minutes until they would let me take more money out.
My question is why don't you accept credit cards? I own a chain of furniture stores in California. Fees can be less than 1% of the whole bill. Not only that but by accepting CC you will increase your overall gross sales. This isn't a taco stand but a legit sit down restaurant. I hope you change this in the future.Hot Damn, That's hot, I think.  This place is unique and a must if you are in New Orleans.  The place is upstairs from the Apple barrel.  As soon as we walked in, we were seated and the waiter came by and took our drink order.  I have to give it up for this waiter, my girlfriend lets say is "picky" and asks a lot of questions regarding the menu.  Me on the order hand, I say "just take the moo out of the steak and bring it out!!!"  The place is Italian food with a Cajun Twist.  I decided so I got the regular spaghetti with meat sauce.  I tend to love spicy food and given that it was Italian, I was not expecting it to be spicy.  As I was eating my meal, I noticed my nose was dripping and realize "this is spicy."  The spicyness crept up on me half way through the meal.  The rest of the folks i was with noticed it was spicy right away, but they can't hang with me!! Overall it was a pleasant experience and the food was great.  On a side note, the waiter was hitting on someone at our table, but he was not creepy or anything, but rather classy and respectful.   Remember CASH ONLY!!!Charming TINY place on Frenchman.  The wait is long, it's loud, and super crowded inside but the food was great.  I loved my eggplant parm and would have finished it and licked my plate if I wasn't in public.  Dipping the bread in the saucy appetizers is a must.  I think I just popped a button off my pants just thinking about this place.Adolfo's is an A-OK restaurant to enjoy some Italian and Creole cuisine in the French Quarter, but feel it is a little over rated. 
Luckily, our group of 5 got here early as planned and got seated right away with no wait.  
The menu is really simple in a sense that you pick a protein and there is a list of sauce to go with... most of them is quite similar "creamy" based sauce which is hard to tell what I was eating in this dark and dim lighting.
We ended up sharing:
Mussel Marinara ($12.95)
Grouper with Ocean Sauce ($24)
Tilapia with Rene Sauce ($17)
Rack of Lamb ($24)
Washing those down with a glass or 2 of House Wine ($5.50) and Peroni ($4).
Rich and Creamy with interesting flavours. The fish was cooked just right. The lamb was tender.
I don't know why Adolfo's bothers with the side salad: those are worse than what Olive Garden serves. 
We had no issue with the service. At this price point and environment, I don't really expect much service. We got our drinks and food served in a timely manner.
The food here is decent but definitely not worth a long wait and I doubt I would be coming back next time when I am in town. 
Cash Only!I nearly licked my plate clean! The corn cannelloni with crab meat and ocean sauce is DIVINE! We got super lucky and were seated within 20 minutes. Just happened to arrive as tables were turning. Worth the wait if it's long!What an awesome experience. Found this hidden gem only because we were in the area and I decided to check Yelp. 
Amazing service and selection of FRESH seafood and pasta. We had the rainbow trout stuffed with shrimp and crawfish, which was the standout dish for us. It normally comes with pesto, but my husband had a special moisture sauce instead - marinara and alfredo - and it was amazing. I had the grouper with this spot's famous ocean sauce...a creamy combination of crab meat, shrimp and crawfish. 
Also had the French onion soup, house salad, and linguine with marinara. Again, everything was so fresh!
I think the $$ may be low. Our entrees were about $30 each. 
But what an experience! Highly recommend and we would go back.