Dined here recently. It was DELISH!! 
Only 4 starts because I feel like $13 is too much for a sandwich. ESPECIALLY for one that comes with no side...no chips, no fries, nothing.
The atmosphere and decor are great. 
I ordered the T.A.S.T.E. sandwich. IT WAS AWESOME!! 
Someone else in my party ordered the Aglio e Olio and it was awesome as well. 
I will definitely be back to enjoy some of the other tasty menu items I spotted.AHHHH, I was so excited to try this place. And they were so sweet to give me the happy hour menu to go when it is usually dine-in only. I ordered bruschetta, Grandma Nickie's Shrimp Dip, T.A.S.T.E. sandwich, and Pirate's Catch sandwich. This was $43  
The shrimp dip was not good, the bruschetta was super good, and the sandwiches were just o.k. Wouldn't go back.Excellent food. Great drinks, vibe and service. Sandwiches, salads and sides all outstanding. My favorite sandwich is the CHE which is their take on a Cuban and their Bloody Mary's are top notch.Love their sandwiches.  Good vegetarian selection.  Friendly service, and it's never too packed.  Nice happy hour too.Phenomenal food, great atmosphere, and friendly chefs!!!  We'll definitely be back often! We plan on working our way through the entire menu!!! It'll take a while bc the portions are so generous!!! Loved the entire experience!Pitate's Catch sandwich is the best sandwich I have ever had in NOLA. SO MUCH SHRIMP AND LOBSTER !! Perfect spices and garnish. Phenomenal bread !! If everything else on the menu comes close, you need to look no further.The attention to detail sets this place apart!  Try the charcuterie board and some happy hour drinks and prepare to be impressed.  The small board is $15 and available 3-9. Happy hour drink prices are 3-7.  Our board had two types of house-cured meats, a lovely sage derby cheese, watermelon rind pickles, fig pickles, cherry tomato pickles, pickled cauliflower, garlic-pepper jelly, and two types of mustards. (All pickles were made in-house as well.) This was served with excellent toasted focaccia.  The service was excellent -- you can tell the pride they take in their place.  We will be back!Friendly, great service, clean, and great food.
The drinks were excellent, appetizer excellent, and service excellent. If you're staying at the Hyatt Regency you have to stop by. Even if you're not stop by.Great place, best deli in south market district hands down. Everything on the menu is house made and fresh.I have rated this as 3 stars because of the service and not the food.  We came with a group of 5 and had not been here before. We sat at the bar and were told they would not take our order at the bar but we had to go to the front counter ( we obviously missed it). Then to find out a few minutes later they take locals or regulars orders at the bar.  The server messed up one order and tried to make it right but didn't get it right again.  They offer some great salads and sandwiches.  I had the Corleone and a buddy had The Godfather and they were both fantastic and filling.  I would try it again if we come back but a little bit stuffy and it doesn't seem like they want people from out of town.I have eaten here a few times for lunch and have never been disappointed. Their compost salad and Taste sandwich are two of my favorites. Tonight was the first time we partook in their HH snacks and cocktails.  I can not rave enough about the Shrimp dip and boiled peanuts.  The pirates don't shake hands cocktail and bat your lashes were delicious And light and crafted to perfection. Thank you Brittany for a lovely time.Can't believe this place doesn't have more reviews. Absolutely delicious, everything fresh and flavorful. Great happy hour too.I like this place a lot. The interior is cool and the food is pretty good. We love getting the charcuterie board! It comes with more food than you get at most restaurants. The TASTE sandwich is also amazing. It's a nice lunch spot or somewhere to grab some good food quick.This place is amazing! Mushroom sandwich is out of this world. If you're into mushrooms, get this...then get it again. Fried turkey sandwich, equally as amazing. These sandwiches are packed with flavor, it's kind of insane. Patatas are also super tastey and you get a good amount of them. You're going to be full and happy when you leave. Good vibes in the space. The owner is so nice, bonus feature! Go, eat sandwiches, be happy.Five stars all around for every part of this restaurant: taste, vibes, service, etc.
I was staying at the Whitney and got dropped off after a 5 min uber ride at this cluster of restaurants hoping to catch a good dinner before walking to the Smoothie King Center for the Pelicans game. This place is walking distance from the stadium so it was perfect before the game. I was so pleasantly surprised by this place - went on a Friday evening and it wasn't crowded. Happy hour ended at 7 so my friends and I squeezed in just before. 
They had Holy Roller on tap for cheap since it was happy hour (which made me so happy because this was like $9 somewhere else in a can...)
My friends and I all got the fish tacos - $11 and comes with 3. THEY WERE DELICIOUS (see pics). Those + my beer and I was full the rest of the night. My (white) friend who hates spicy food loved it still despite the bit of spicy taste it had. 
The service was great. The cashier at the front said that all the food served is homemade, including the ketchup (what!) The food came out in 5 minutes. 
Vibes: super trendy. There's chalk drawings on the walls, nice alcohol display at the bar, super clean cut. Well-kept cleanliness inside and outside. Clean bathroom. Multiple tv screens at the bar for viewing pleasure. Super cute aesthetic hipster display near the front of the restaurant. Friday night - just some locals sipping beer watching tv relaxing. 10/10 would come again, and the tacos were bomb.Always love what I get when I come here. I ordered so much food this time that I forgot to take a picture of the two other things we ate because we were so busy chowing down.
Order at the bar and pick a table. They'll bring it out to ya when it's ready or you'll get your name called if it's busy. Their happy hour is 3-7PM with some beers as low as a buck or two. Great place for a quick lunch or a chill and casual dinner (awesome for snacking).
Friend and I got two sandwiches, a (not so) small charcuterie board and some patatas bravas. The T.A.S.T.E. sandwhich was great. Ciabatta (I think) with fried turkey, avocado, sprouts, tomatoes and a fried egg to top it off. It's a huge and hearty sandwich for sure. I got the Pirate's Catch which was a glorified lobster (and shrimp) roll. Grilled and then chilled with gribiche and fennel. Freaking delicious at $13 each.
As great as the sandwiches are though, definitely come for at least the KFC (Korean fried chicken) Wings ($8) and Charcuterie ($15/$25). The kale Kimchi that comes with the wings has just the right amount of sour and spice (more similar to a Vietnamese style of pickling though) and the charcuterie/accoutrements are always SO good and made in house (like everything else).
Also, psssst. I like it more than Turkey and the Wolf. More variety, in my opinion, and everything is always SO good. Thanks, Aglio fam!This place is a gem.  My husband and I eat out at least once a week, and try new restaurants (new to us, at least) very regularly.  Every once in a great while, a place goes straight to the top of the "we'll be back" list, and this is definitely one of those places.  We arrived pretty early on a Friday evening for dinner and happened to be the only ones there at the time, so I thought it was going to be a bust.  We sat at the bar (as we often do), and bartender immediately gave us a thorough run-down of the menu.  Others quickly arrived to make the place a little livelier.  
We first ordered the small charcuterie board, which was amazing, probably one of the best we've ever had in this city.  The cheeses and house-cured meats were quite tasty, and the other details like pickled strawberries, kale, and grapes (!), and garlic-jalapeno pepper jelly were perfect as well.  My husband got the Che sandwich and couldn't stop raving about it.  I was kinda stuffed after the charcuterie board, so I got the 2-pork taco appetizer, and there was something different (but very tasty) about them that I just can't quite identify.  Even though we had given up desserts for the new year, my husband just HAD to get the homemade fig cookies, and again he couldn't stop raving.  
There are 2 TV's at the bar for plenty of entertainment, but I enjoyed watching the chefs in the open kitchen!  We met one of the owners, Marie, and she was quite appreciative of our gushing comments!  Love the atmosphere, love the food, love the service.  Will we be back?  Oh, YES!For some reason this restaurant is always empty when I walk in and by the time I leave it is hustling and bustling!!! I really enjoy eating their salads and the half cheese half tomato soup halfsies! If you like lemon in your iced tea you need to ask for it, they keep it behind the counter so germy gross hands aren't touching them lemon all day long! 
Seriously, I haven't gotten anything bad here, the only thing Weird is the compost Salad has popcorn on it.Have eaten here a number of times and have never been disappointed.
The food has always been good and consistent every time. Mike and Maria the owners are extremely friendly as is the entire staff. I echo Laura B's comment on the attention to detail. The place has an open kitchen and it is always spotless. Last two times had the tostone salad which is one of the best salads in NOLA. Encourage everyone to support this locally owned small buisnessCame here not knowing anything about it and really enjoyed it. Everything tasted great, very generous portion sizes and good service. Only complaint might be that a local IPA costs $7. Will return.Stopped in to check this place out before the Pelicans game. So glad we did! Some of the same items as Part & Parcel. Everything was delicious! Company Burger is slammed as expected...I don't like to drink/eat in the situation. Aglio was the perfect alternative.Wow. Wow. Wow. The food is amazing. I had the T.A.S.T.E and it was more than tasty. The turkey is fresh not processed, lots of avacado great overall. The cajun potato salad was spicy and delicious. Highly recommended.Got the TASTE sandwich. It was very good, but not outstanding. This place is a solid deli, but a little pricey for a lunchGreat food, our entire party absolutely loved every salad and sandwich ordered. We ended up here after there was an hour and a half wait for Willa Jean. We ended up eating at Willa Jean a couple of days later and this was better by far.Stopped here for lunch while on a break from a conference at a nearby hotel.  The sandwich I ordered was okay- it came with a fried egg that looked like it had been stuck to the grill top and pried off to be placed on my sandwich.  The bread was good but I mostly picked at the sandwich fillings because I didn't love the flavor as a whole.  I ordered potato salad as a side and did not like it at all so that was a bummer.  It is billed as potato salad made with potatoes from a crawfish boil and having been to a crawfish boil the night before, I recognized the flavors (and perhaps that's why I didn't like it).  The inside space seemed nice but we wanted to enjoy the weather so we sat on the sidewalk out front.  I really think this was just an overpriced sandwich place and we had better options on either side where we could have gone for lunch.Shrimp Dip is amaze balls!!!!!! Go after 3 PM and take advantage of the snacks menu! I'm definitely becoming a regular!My sister and I came in for happy hour and a quick bite! We both had an aperol spritz and shared two appetizers! The drinks were delicious and the apps were yummy! We shared the bruschetta app and the kfc wings! DELICIOUS and QUICK! We only had a drink and two apps BUT the entire menu looked delicious! I contemplated ordering something to go but didn't want to be such a fatty and opted to stick with splitting two apps! ;) Check this place out! I don't think you will be disappointed! Great happy hour and delicious menu!The TASTE Sandwich is really good-  the turkey and the bread were amazing.  The  potatoes side were amazingly soft, but the super dark color was a little off-putting.  Portions were too large to finish.  Large bar also.  Easy walk from Hyatt Regency.I enjoyed the KFC wings and the boiled peanuts that I had while visiting Aglio for happy hour yesterday. The wings were perfectly crispy, the sauce was amazing, and the kale kimchi was a pleasant surprise. I enjoyed their take on the boiled peanuts as well. I'd describe their snacks (see menu) as elevated bar food. My cocktails were well made and the bartender was attentive. I also appreciated the hip, trendy vibe inside the restaurant.Good food, but incredibly rude customer service. We chose to eat our food outside, across the street at picnic tables to avoid the rude gentleman that is employed here.My wife and I come here a few times a month. The food is constantly excellent. The menu gives you breath of options but it all ties together. We are always disappointed there aren't more people here while we are - the neighborhood is too vibrant for this to be a hidden gem. We recommend it to everyone we know.Tina Marie with salad.... super delish!!!. The meat was a little fatty but, such a good taste! Great atmosphere tooThis place is a gem in New Orleans. Great food and great atmosphere. We had the eggplant sandwich and the meatball sandwich and both were delicious. They have a full bar. The place is modern but also very inviting. Good music! If you're looking for a break from the traditional French Quarter crowds, this is a great choice and it's located in the heart of the central business district. Check it out!Had the T.A.S.T.E. Sandwich... easily one of the top three sandwiches I've ever had in my life (and I'm an old guy).  The Cajun potato salad made it even better.  Great atmosphere.  Highest recommendation for Aglio.They have happy hours from 3pm to 9pm Monday to Saturday so we decided to all meet up before our Fleetwood Mac concert. It's a really cute place with ceiling hanging plants and walls with drawing and writing, They have a full bar and plenty of seatings. You purchase your food at the bar and just grab a seat. 
Bruschetta comes with Sundried tomato pesto, goat cheese and fresh basil. 
Grandma Nickie's Shrimp Dip is a Spicy Family Favorite, Served with two bag of Corn Chips. The dip has a kick to it but not as spicy as you would think because the salty of the chip balance it out wonderfully.
Mojo Pork Tacos comes with two Corn tortilla, Diced Onion, Cilantro, Salsa Verde
KFC Wings are Korean Fried Chicken covered with Sweet Chili Sauce and a side of Kale Kimchi. So delicious! 
Foods were good, staffs were friendly and service was fast so we all enjoyed our time there. Definitely will come back when we attended another concert.Came in for lunch and my girlfriend and I ordered a couple sandwiches.  Both were excellent.  
I had the fried turkey and it was great.  She had a roast beef also good but I liked the fried turkey better!Located in between blaze and company burger.
You order at the bar and sit wherever is available. Of course coming for happy hour there was plenty of seating. Love the hip-sterish decor! Bartender was a sweet person. 
HH menu: KFC wings and mojo pork tacos. I was pretty excited on trying the wings. Typically, Korean style wings are crispy and airy. This was much more on the soggy side. I was hoping for a more garlic-y soy taste but it was more of a sweet and sour. Disappointed. The mojo tacos were a bit bland. I was expecting some tasty sauce but it was either not there or just too little of it.
As for sandwiches, we got the TASTE sandwich. I really enjoyed this a lot! There's some kind of olive oil that really gave it the perfect kick. 
I'd love to come back here again and try the other things on the regular menu!Amazing sanwiches. I had the M.E.A.T.S sandwich (veheterian). Nice bread, layered fillings, good flavor spread through each layer, good mix of texture of the fillings (soft avocado vs crunchy fried something, etc). Will be going back to try more!This place is WAY under appreciated. Great beers. Great cocktails. Generous imaginative portions on dishes that spa vegetarian to carnivore. Great for lunch great happy hour. Quality ingredients make quality food. I just did takeout tonight and everyone was happy with every bite.Such a good find. I started with a solid cup of coffee. I love a good drip coffee to start the day because of that diner feel. 
Next, I ordered the Corleone sandwich with the side of Patatas. That sandwich was so darn good!! It's an Italian sub that is popping out of the bread. Honestly, I wasn't sure how to pick it up at first. I busted the other side of the bun and shifted all the goodness to fit in the bread a little more and game on. The side of potatos were cut into chunks and fried. Served with a side of ketchup and a chipotle sauce. 
What's so impressive is that all the sauces were made in house! You won't find ketchup like that in a store - a little thicker, not as sweet, and it had a garlic taste to it. The other sauce was so good too. Then we get to the meat that was cured IN HOUSE! Who does that?
This place is delicious and I would definitely recommend to anyone who loves a good sandwich or salad.So rude. We tried to order, they ignored us for ten minutes. My group and the people behind us walked out. Obviously understaffed. We would have waited if they had just tried to speak to us!We went for Happy Hour. They have great specials. The charcuterie board was my favorite, but the bruschetta was also very good. Oh, and the warm seasoned popcorn for $2 too! They even have $1 Miller High Life ponies. Can't wait to return!Got The Godfather, TASTE and Corleone sandwiches and they were bomb af.. eaten fresh and reheated saved for later. Also get the patatas bravas with aioliI love the atmosphere of this pace and they the best shrimp and lobster sandwich I've tasted in a long time3 stars because of the cute location, and friendly staff...but the food is not good. 
We ordered 3 items off the menu and 3 sides. The only good thing was the tacos.
The wings had a very unappetizing flavor, could barely finish one. The pirates catch had no real flavor to it. It was like frozen shrimp with mayo, and I got a couple of pieces of shrimp shell. I ended up eating the bread only, which was pretty good, crunchy and buttery.
The corn and bean salad was like 90% beans and 10% corn, and the beans were hard. My husband and friend didn't like the potato salad either. 
The tacos were surprisingly good. I wish I would've only ordered those.Compost salad with soup of the day. The popcorn in the salad was unique! Honestly if the dressing was different I'd probably like it more. The sambas vinaigrette was too tangy for my tastes. Soup was nothing wow. I'd try a sandwich next timeI tried the pretzel appetizers while my uncle tried the turkey sandwich. I thought it was pretty good. We were in a rush to get to the saints game that day but the service was just fine by us. I will have to come by when the season is over with to give my full measure of devotion.I will say this was not our first choice, we popped in as our original choice was booked. The place had a few customers but quickly filled up. Aglio is casual as you order either at the bar or the register and take a seat, its casual but the food is not.
Our bartender said she was addicted to the spicy shrimp dip so we had to try it!. I am now addicted and could not stop eating . I will say the fritos made it tough to eat, I would prefer a larger cracker. However i made it work by loading the dip on my spoon and putting the fritos on top. Next she suggested the Tina Marie. This is a sandwich on locally made bread with roast beef, jalapeno mayo, pepper jack cheese, thin slices of bell pepper. My husband and I said this was the best sandwich we have had in a long time! The portion was large enough to split.
I am happy we decided to give Aglio a try. One note, the bartenders need to be more attentive They would look at us, see empty beer glasses but not offer another. Maybe they weren't expecting to be as busy ss it had gotten, but it wont stop us returning.Just stopped by and got a sandwich to go. The T.A.S.T.E. and the Garden Salad were delicious! So fresh. Bartender was extremely nice, and attentive. Great spot if looking for fresh food with a nice atmosphere in the CBD.Great Happy Hour drinks and food pre Fleetwood Mac concert at the Smoothie King Center! Happy Hour is everyday from 3 pm to 7 pm. Wine was $5 a glass. The bruschetta ($6), KFC chicken wings ($8) and mojo pork tacos (4 for $10) were very tasty. Will be back!Ordered this through Postmates on a day where I needed something quick. I got the only option they had for a seafood sandwich, and wow did I not regret it. It was light, flavorful, spicy, and very big. So worth the money and way underrated for the 20min wait. I look forward to trying it again! It'll go down as one of my favorite sandwiches and Postmates orders of all time.Such a fun place with awesome drinks and cool bartenders, especially Brittany! Food is consistently delicious. The chef makes awesome cakes, custom for parties of requested. We've had both carrot cake and strawberry cake that were freaking amazing for 2 birthday parties.Gluten free bread.  Really long wait for a soup and sandwich. Tasted good.  construction on same street. Counter service. Not crowded on Friday at 1230We stopped in here on a total whim- we were trying to eat next door but the wait was too long! I had the avocado toast with a side of bacon and. An egg on top and my husband had an amazing breakfast sandwich!! Great food, with great ambiance (there was someone playing live jazz as well) with a cute little shop area in front for local infused bourbons, pickled veggies and various locally made soapsExtremely great sandwich and tasty drinks matched with good service!!! 
Stopped in for a simple bit and way better than expected. 
Give this place a shot if you're looking for some good eatsUsually I love this restaurant, but today I experienced a completely different restaurant. The lady at the front was VERY nice and accommodating. The food was OK. I had a cheese plate (can't tell you what was on there because I have NO CLUE.) Some was good, some was unbelievably TASTELESS (as NO flavor). Some meat (salami? Peproni?) Still had the casing on it. I also had a T.A.S.T.E sandwich it WAS tasty but the bacon was Chewy (like gum) and hard to swallow. Overall I really felt let down. Maybe they have a new chef/cook?The BEST charcuterie board EVER! We both had the shrimp & lobster sandwich, it was AMAZING! Service was AWESOME!I had the M.E.A.T sandwich. It was incredible. What a perfect vegetarian sandwich. The portobello mushroom was nicely fried along with the egg. Then coupled with avocado and tomato on ciabatta bun. This was the best non meat sandwich I ever had. 
Only drawback is the long prep time. But maybe it's because they're paying special attention to making it in the kitchen.I've had the opportunity to eat at Aglio on two occasions. The first time, I ordered the compost salad with fried turkey. Not only did they give me a large serving (it was bigger than my face), the salad itself was delicious. The popcorn also made it fun! I eat salads constantly, and that was probably the best salad I had eaten in the CBD area to date. 
Until today. On my second visit, I ordered the tostone salad with mojo pork. Again, the serving amount was huge. I couldn't finish it but I really wanted to! The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The chef came to our table and asked us about our experience. 
Very happy with both experiences. I will definitely eat there again.I always like the sides here but am disappointed by the overpriced sandwiches. I LOVE a well made sandwich and while these are good, they're just not the ratio I prefer. I've tried three of them now and think they're all bread & sauce heavy. I'd rather pay for something that's half the size with the same amount of meat and toppings and only sauce on one side. The potatoes, corn & avocado salad and side salad are always nice. Happy hour is good too, just not for a full lunch in my opinion.I can't say enough about Aglio! The service is amazing, the food is exceptional and made with care, and the drinks are great. I love the M.E.A.T.S, the Aglio pasta, and literally everything that I've tried on the menu! Aglio is reasonably priced and the food is very high quality. It's amazing! Try it!Stopped here for a Weekday lunch: 
To look at: The atmosphere is clean and trendy, with a nice bar, televisions, and some cool locally-made items for sale by the front.  You can order to-go orders at the front counter, or eat in at the bar or countertop.  Very nice.
To drink: the bar is well-stocked with liquor, beers on tap, and even iced tea by the pitcher.  My gin-trified cocktail was refreshing on the hot day that it was, but not overly boozy and just a bit... lacking.  Hard to pinpoint exactly what it needed, but it was just a bit muddled.  The bartender was lovely but seemed a bit frazzled as he was the only front of house person working the lunch shift and our water glasses were never refilled.
To eat: my friend ordered the T.A.S.T.E. chicken sandwich with bacon and an egg, which she enjoyed.  She noted that the aioli was a bit spicy, but I personally thought it was perfect... But I'm a spice-lover.  My order, the pirate's catch shrimp and lobster roll, was unfortunately disappointing.  I saw it ordered by the two men beside me and it was beautiful to look at so I went for it.  However, it was shockingly bland.  There was little shrimp or lobster flavor, and the shrimp was a bit mealy.  The sauce it was dressed in was very thin and drippy, with little seasoning or salt, and was very cold, which was unappealing with the warm bread.  The roll was pleasantly crunchy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside, but it did not hold up well to the super-thin sauce.  There was a nice sriracha drizzle on the top and an unknown flavorless crunchy element on top which I just couldn't distinguish between radish, jicama, fennel, onion, or something else. The blistered cherry tomatoes and arugula were probably the best parts because they had the most flavor. I ate it all out of hunger, but honestly was a bit underwhelmed. 
Overall, the atmosphere was nice and the service was decent but I won't rush to go back.  There was nothing glaringly wrong, it just wasn't a memorable meal.I asked for oil and vinegar on my salad and they used rice wine vinegar. Bleckkk. I told them and they said "sorry" (and here's the bill for it)This is not to be missed.  A wonderful bar with amazing snacks   Apps. Sandwiches and salads. Nice folks.  Spent time with chef and owner mike mericle and it was fun.  As he explained the charcuterie plate and the idea behind his restaurant. Recommended by one of the best chefs in town. It was worth it.  Great happy hour and looking forward to coming back.Well well well what can I say. I have found another jewel, a diamond in the rough, in no other than the city of New Orleans. If you are in the downtown area and in need of fuel. Please check out the grub at this place. It is worth the smells, the price, and all the lip licking you stand.Stopped by Aglio on National Margarita Day, '19. (last Friday) as I was bar hopping. I had never heard of it before and there were about 30 minutes left of happy hour, so I said why not! One thing that immediately caught my attention on the menu were the KFC Wings ($8). Korean Fried Chicken with Sweet Chili Sauce served with Kale Kimchi on the side. Not only were they tasty and spicy, but they also were pretty in presentation with the kimchi on the side.
I also got the Mojo Pork Tacos which I am also a fan of now. You can get 2 for $6 or 4 of them for $10. The tacos consist of a corn tortilla, diced onion, cilantro and salsa verde. While many would think these tacos have simply toppings, the pork was full of flavor. I sat at the bar and my bartender was the sweetest. I was hesitant to order another drink since I was pretty hammered and she totally understood + we had some great conversation! Bathrooms were really clean and I can't help but to jam out in any restroom that plays Elevators (Me & You) by Outkast. Such a vibe. Overall, I'll definitely be back here for happy hour again!