Ordered Shrimp Pad Thai for takeout, there were about two shrimps in my pad thai. 
May try again, just not the Pad Thai.I notice so many sushi places opening uptown so we gave it a try. Everything is so pricey!!! For this place trying to compete with sake cafe and such I would rather not come here. Food quality is not good at all. We hardly got any food for spending well over a hundred bucks just for the two of us. I wonder how long this place would last here for it being so expensive!!! I will not be back.OK. It's a sushi place that has a roll called the Sexiest Man. C'mon you know you want to try it. (see my pic)
I've been here for dinner/takeout a couple of times. And the sushi is really fresh. The staff is nice and helpful, attentive without hovering. 
The restaurant is a bit dark but that might make it a good date place. The fish prices are a bit high but then again the quality has always been good and I'm suspicious of discount fish. I need to remember the non-sushi items on the list and try some of those sometime.
And I definitely need to try get over there for their lunch specials.Wonderful food and service!  We sat at the sushi bar and just kept ordering fresh sushi and rolls and Ichibans. Delicious!These guys are delicious, but best reserved for a date night/afternoon because of pricing. You absolutely get what you pay for, and the waiter we always seem to get is always very friendly. Try the bento box and Uptown roll. You will not regret your choices (especially if it's pay day)! :)Great sushi and menu, but the recent addition of a $5 delivery charge takes away one of the best parts of the restaurant. Very disappointing, as I had been ordering from them at least weekly, and am exactly at "2 miles from the restaurant" mark (thank you, Google) that apparently now incurs a delivery charge. Extremely disheartening since good sushi delivery is so hard to come by and they had been really leading the pack on that.Best sushi happy hour in the garden district! The dumplings are amazing & the beer is a steal! Sushi & sashimi specials are good too, considering the quality & portion sizes.Sooo we ended up coming here bc every Thai restaurant in NOLA was either closed on Sundays or just closed for lunch break. So we opted for this place bc it had a little bit of everything Asian that we were craving for. We ordered the clam soup for two, calamari salad, shrimp kimchi yakiudon, sea urchin shooters, fresh salmon sushi, and some roll i forget the name but ill post a picture later. Everything was really good. The calamari salad was like whoa! I really liked that. The dressing they used was like a cross between the ginger dressing with Thai Chilli sauce. Really good. The sea urchin is served stop two lemon halves and it was soooo good. The shipment was today which was even better. As fresh as It gets there. I usually like to douse my sea urchin in ponzu sauce. Man! Was that good. Also the kimchi udon was soooo goood! I mean better than Daiwa's kimchi udon I'd have to say. Creamier and the kick to it slowly creeps up on you. But it's gooood! Next time we're gonna do chicken instead of the shrimp though since my bf doesn't like shrimp. The kimchi yakiudon is not on the menu so you have to request for it. The roll that we order was okay. Notjing special I feel... The clam soup as well. They just put clams in a bowl of miso soup with some chunks of carrots and sugar snap peas, then voilá. 
The service... Mehhhh. The waiter came off pretty awkward AND he couldn't serve us the cocktails we wanted bc there apparently is not bartender at the time and none of the staff in there have liquor licenses. But he was attentive so that was good. But come on... Alcohol+Sunday Saints game.. That's the one less star. But I can't wait to come back for dinner one of these nights and try that sea bass with the soba noodles. Man oh man... That looks def good! The ambience is really nice. I felt like I was back in Htown. the music is like some pop, r&b, EDM mixture and I'm def feelin that. Gotta come for dinner next time.The lunch box for 10 bucks is awesome. Comes with fried rice, potstickers, miso soup, salad, california roll. So glad this place is in my neighborhood.Was on vacation & really wanted to find sushi & really good sushi 
This is definitely the place to go so yummy great service & food was great if ever in town again coming here thanksI had the Crispy Chicken and Shrimp with Honey Glazed Walnut Special and it was AMAZING! One of the most delicious dishes I have EVER eaten. A bit pricey at $19, but if you want a complete dish other than sushi it will be in the $15-$20 price range. For sushi, I highly suggest the Lover's Roll! It was spicy but had a sweet sauce that mixed beautifully with everything else.  Happy hour prices were very reasonable ($2 beers), but we were charged $4.00 for MISC, so that is something to watch out for. I would have given it 5 stars, but the special dishes were pricey and we were overcharged.Relatively cheap and definitely tasty sushi! Fat Cow Boy roll was killer. Salmon sashimi was inexpensive and delicious. 
We both liked the vibes of the restaurant as well. Cool music playing, comfy chairs, super nice waitstaff. Generally a chill, but warm and welcoming environment. 
Overall a great experience- especially for a new restaurant. Will definitely be returning soon.We went there after getting our donuts from district donuts. We were really hoping for some quality Asian food but it really didn't hit home. Everything tasted fine but there just wasn't that wow factor to bring you back. We both got the lunch special which allowed for a cheap lunch. At the end of the day I wont be returning or recommending this to anyone. A low 3 star rating.OMG! The pork dumplings are the best I have ever eaten. 5 dumplings for Happy Hour is a generous dish to share. Steve had the tuna sushi appetizer.I would give them 4.5 stars if I could. Great ambience, fantastic service, good food.4/5 lunch specials yield great value
if you have a little time and are in the area, stop in for lunch. they have a whole range of options from bento-box style to entree plus soup to sushi combos - all under or around $10. the servings are a good, filling size, and the taste is on point. i've tried a few things now, including the pad thai which was tasty but a litte dry, and there's also a thai sautee of beef and one with eggplant - these two were bigger winners for me. the lunch combo sushi is a decent portion where you select 2 rolls from a list. 
the actual restaurant feels a little dark, so you may want to sit closer to the front/windows. the team is attentive and make sure that you have everything you need. i haven't been to dinner (the prices seem too steep for that seating), but i'm sure the quality holds.So this place does not look very 'alive' from the outside but I had heard great things about it. And they were all true! Everything was great! Food was good everything tasted fresh! Uptown Roll is amazing! Four stars because they took a bit long to bring our food... Totally worth it however.A friend and I stopped in here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and we were surprised to find that it wasn't packed at all. Aside from us, there were only a few people sitting at the sushi bar.
Everything on the menu sounded great, and I decided to start with the squid salad. The best part of this salad is that it's nice and cold and the squid is thinly sliced, so that it's not too chewy. I've found that some places have big hunks of squid and it can be difficult to chew. File under: squid fanatic problems.
We decided to get the rainbow roll and the Fantastic roll. The rainbow roll was pretty typical. The fish was really fresh and I enjoyed it. The star was definitely the Fantastic roll. This is tuna, salmon, yellowtail, masago, cucumber, avocado and scallion wrapped in a special seaweed that is almost similar to lettuce. I really enjoyed it because it was light and it had a really good flavor.
If you happen to be dining with someone who isn't into the raw stuff, they have a pretty extensive selection of noodles, rice and other cooked dishes like that.
All in all my experience here was fantastic and I will definitely be back.Visiting from New York, we happened to be walking by this place.  It seemed clean and quiet, and we were looking for an excuse to escape the gumbo mania in every other restaurant.  Spicy crunchy tuna was excellent.  My friend devoured her Thai pineapple chicken fried rice. My vegetable fried rice was excellent. Huge portions.  Free sake. Attentive service.   Prices seem very reasonable, especially compared to New York.  Overall I would highly recommend this place.Accidentally we found this restaurant while trying to find the way home. They have a nice atmosphere, nice music, and great foods. It is a really good place for who like to take time for chilling. I love this place. Thank you!!Good but not the best, everything is very pricey for what you getting. If you want any fish 2 people can easyly go up to 100$ plus. Some fishs are frozen.Great food the crunchy spicy tuna was excellent. The service was amazing. Chicken fried rice was the bomb.I've passed this place dozens of times and decided to stop in on a rainy night which I'm glad I did. The food was delicious, fresh and good quality. I had escolar sashimi and a special riceless roll called the Butler which was yellowtail wrapped around spicy tuna and another wrapped around snow crab with avocado and salmon roe on top. Definitely worth a visit.Wonderful and friendly staff who really appreciate your business. The food is great. Wish I had space to try more dishes but came here after District: Donuts, sliders and donuts. There is a happy hour between 3-6 pm where the hot appetizers are half off. Unfortunately, we were here at about 2 pm. The uni and fish were super fresh.I live a couple blocks from here and was really excited to try this place.  I love Asian food.  Thai, Vietnamese and Korean for the most part.  I think people must love the sushi here because the stuff they prepared for us completely missed the mark and I am pretty sure they don't know how to really cook anything here.  I wasn't going to leave this review but I couldn't really help it.  They're really nice people and I don't think anyone should eat chain food.  I want everyone to go out and support local business in New Orleans but I'm not sure you should try this place unless you love sushi.
We tried the happy hour dumplings.  Pork and mushrooms.  I liked these.  They're really overpriced on the regular menu but are fair for the happy hour deal.  They're interesting and delicious with a little soy on them.  It went down hill quickly from there.  I ordered the coconut lemon grass chicken soup.  The chicken was tender and nicely cooked but the soup was inedible.  I love fish sauce but this soup had flavor components that didn't work together and it was too salty.  It's really strange and unappetizing.  I sent it back and was told that this is how it tastes.  Miriam ordered one of the salads and it came out literally swimming in dressing that had way too much soy.  It was terrible.  
We both ordered a sushi roll and were happy with those.  They were nothing special but at least we ate something.  I would come back for the sushi, I guess but would never try anything prepared here again.  It was really disappointing.I found myself here for lunch. Clean, sleek atmosphere a little lounge-y, nice though. Staff was professional, sharply dressed and kept my hot tea filled. Their lunch specials include a BBQ EEL- that makes me happy. Eel sauce is grand and makes life worth living. A lot of food with the lunch deal and since they weren't that busy I was on my way fairly quickly.AJ&J Asian Bistro has a bit of a long name for a restaurant but they have done some nice work sprucing this space up.  The food theme seems to focus on a mix of Thai and sushi with a dash of Chinese.  This is a really affordable lunch spot and they have some good deals.  I had the pad Thai that came with the chicken hot and sour soup.  The hot and sour soup isn't as good as other places I've had it but for the combo of the soup and entree it was far cheaper than anywhere else.  Dinner gets more expensive so you might want to cut your teeth at lunch to discover what you like here.Stumbled upon this place while walking around the Garden District of New Orleans- and glad we did! Was such amazing Japanese food- one of the best I found over my US trip. We got a number of different sushi dishes and all were delicious. They had a lunch special- I think it was half price sushi or buy one get one free so it was a cheap deal as well. Good service. Recommended!I came here when it was grand opening and I must say, I was impressed with the food. I had the sea bass fish, it was fresh and well seasoned. I decided to come back the second time and had the sushi and pad thai. Sushi was excellent and fresh, their special rolls are different from other sushi restaurants. pad thai was also good. I was not disappointed and will definitely come back as a regular.Great food, the very best taste. As we are vegetarians we found excellent options to eat. Hot tea also very good. A+ for attention from our waiter Steven, he was awesome. The restaurant has a very calm and relax atmosphere so we were able to spent a nice Friday dinner as a family, talk and enjoy the great food. Blessings for the Chef.Affordable meal in a very clean setting.  We went for lunch and I was impressed.  For $8, I had chicken hot and sour soup and an entree of basil, shiitake chicken that came with either white or brown rice. 
The food is an eclectic mix of all things Asian. Sushi, Thai, Chinese all on one menu.  The bento boxes looked enticing enough for me to want to return and try one.
One warning: the prices jump sharply for dinner. For the most value, you definitely want to stop by during lunch hours.
The wait staff was friendly and the restaurant makes for a comfortable dining experience.As far as sushi goes this is a quality newcomer to New Orleans!  I went recently with friend and a ton of yummy food!  Each had the miso soup with was your typical miso.  We followed that with the yellow jalapeño which was awesome but could have packed more heat.  We split the Uptown (my fave) and Magical rolls and also had a beef plate I can't remember the name of.  All in all it was really good.  Service was great and bonus it was open on a Sunday when apparently most sushi places are closed, we actually came by default but will definitely be back!!Exceptional service and food. So far I have been twice, once for lunch, once for dinner.  Lunch was awesome, I love a good bento box and their's is a great deal, and the beef teriyaki was delicious.  Dinner was just as great. I ordered mostly sushi, not one of the super special rolls, just average stuff. But it all tasted very fresh. Pricing is a little bit higher than some of the competition in the area, however, I would gladly pay a little bit more for the quality they offer. Looking forward to going back, plus I just heard they have delivery.  Can't wait!Great location on Magazine St. I ordered the shrimp and garlic dish with rice. The shrimp and veggies had a sauce on it, but it was mostly at the bottom of the plate. The shrimp were good, but I was hoping for something a bit more spicy. It was on the bland side, but with that said, it was still very good. I was tempted to get the general Tso shrimp dish, and plan to get that next time as I was told it is quite the bang for your buck.The food was absolutely spectacular. I got the Magazine Roll and the Ceviche. Both were divine. I was with a large party and everyone I was with loved the food too. The staff was extremely kind. Since this is a new restaurant, I think there's a little bit of synchronization that needs to occur between the kitchen and the front of house. Some of our dishes came out at very unpredictable times, and the wait was pretty extensive. Although the restaurant was full on the night that I went. I will definitely be back, hopefully the restaurant will be running more efficiently in terms of wait times. But I must say again, that the menu and the food are absolutely impeccable. I will definitely be back.AJ & J Asian Bistro has a terrible name, but decent service and an ambitious menu. We tried out their lunch menu: I ordered chirashi (sashimi over rice) and my friend ordered the spicy roll platter. My chirashi portions were perfect and  loved the tobiko and sesame seeds sprinkled over the rice rather than in a pile atop the fish.  
My friend's rolls looked fine, which sparked a conversation over how rolls are marketed to Westerners. I wasn't crazy about the octopus, but I've only experienced it once where I enjoyed eating it. Ran into others that enjoyed their bento boxes at lunchtime, so I'm looking forward to trying it out...Delicious food. Great ambiance. Not very crowded tho...but it's only been open 3 monthsSuper fresh and great cuts.  What more do you need? I just had the best sashimi in a looong time.  I really love this placeI've been twice, and I'll be back!
The service is great, and everything I've tried was excellent. If you're in the mood for Chinese, this is the place. It's not greasy at all. The fish has always been extremely fresh, more so than the joint further up Magazine. I like the variety. There's something to please everyone.Not sure if they switched chefs or what happened, but the pad thai is SOOOO SPICY even when you get mild now! Breaks my heart because this was the best pad thai I'd found in this part of town.Great food and atmosphere. Our server was really nice but a little off (forgetting our miso soup and charging us non happy hour prices during happy hour)...but he totally made up for it and we had great service otherwise. We were looking for a spot that served non greasy creole/southern food and we (being from out of state - WA, HI & VA) were VERY HAPPY with the menu. Great sushi - we had the Jazz, Sexiest Man, Philly and Tuna rolls, plus a sushi platter, & a tofu and eggplant dish - all were phenomenal. The crab rangoons were so-so, and the dumplings were great except we didn't care for the gravy like sauce on them. We had our fill of green tea, enjoyed the great sushi and ambiance. And it was reasonably priced. We highly recommend this place if you're looking for great sushi.Really had fun here, sat at the bar and talked to the employees.  Fun people, great service and food.This place was not good. Happy hour menu is cheap but the food is nothing special so you get what you pay for. Everything was rather greasy. Service was the highlight. People are friendly and atmosphere is calm and quiet.Have tried this neighborhood place twice.
Great décor, extensive menu, good full bar.  Strange music for a self-professed "Asian" place; hard rock and Spanish tunes, too loud.
Pass on the "Tempura", which disappoints.  Soups are OK.  Sushi is best.
Teriyaki is fine.
No parking lot, but that hasn't been a problem.
Our City really needs some REAL TEMPURA !
RickJust wanted to take a second to praise these guys for always making my late night pick up orders without missing a beat! Talking 8:45pm on a Sunday, ready to help and smiling. Only reason to remove a star is the restriction for subbing fried rice in my dinner order. Pricy, but hit the spot!Food was great and owner, Andy, is extremely friendly! I actually know their whole family from eating at this place. Sushi is always great and atmosphere is very fusion and contemporary.We got the seaweed salad, pork dumplings, tuna tacos, lobster roll, and chicken fried rice. The dumplings and fried rice were amazing! Highly recommend this place for a great quick dinner. Service was good and there was no wait.Clean, fresh, chic, & deliciously detailed. This is  quality Asian (some fusion) cuisine. Its refeshing & nice to have close by. AJ& J's has the best fried rice I've ever tasted, and sashimi that melts in your mouth. Yet, I am sure to try different things each time & I've not been disappointed. Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, Japanese are all represented in its streamlined menu. We love it. Food & an atmosphere that helps you relax & enjoy it!What a great hidden spot.  Freshest sushi in the city and they get extremely creative in their dish presentation.  Needs a lot more attention because they are absolutely delicious!Don't be put off by the stupid name- love love love! This place is amazing-- the fish is incredibly fresh, and service is outstanding. Locally owned! I've eaten here over a dozen times because I live very close... and have a sushi addiction. The fish is consistently fresh and good. From the rare occasions that I have ventured off of the sushi menu, I can report back that the curry clay pot is wonderful, and the shrimp dumpling appetizer (shu mai?) is excellent. Kim Chi edamame is innovative and good. The only dish I do not recommend is the Pad Thai, which lacked flavor. The owners are sweet and I wish I could give them 5 stars... but I have to dock them for price. $16 rolls? What is this, New York?? It's too pricey for this town.We have been in new orleans for 10 days and needed something different.  We are huge fans of sushi and this place was great.  We started off with edamame and duh you can't mess that up.  Miso soup was good but first time getting it.  We then got the goods.  The spicy plater which had 3 rolls.  It had spicy salmon, california, spicy tuna.  The crowd pleaser was the Hawaiian roll.  No I am not talking about the kings Hawaiian bread.  It had jalapeño, shrimp, cream cheese, topped with fresh mango and yellow awesome sauce.  It was incredible.  Really good now go eat thereGreat sushi and sashimi! I got the lunch sushi which came with a bunch of random pieces nothing fancy but they were still great! Service was awesome. It's a cute place. Hard to find parking. Didn't like the miso soup unfortunately. :/ but there are plenty of other options to try so I'm sure next time I go I can find a replacement appetizer! :) go here for good sushi! :)Delicious! Fresh fish, yummy and varied rolls. They even offer rolls with no rice for the dieters. Outside seating, too. 
Friendly staff every time, that makes terrific recommendations. 
my favorite rolls are the thanksgiving roll, butler 2, sexiest man roll.The food is very good, I like the pad Thai noodle and sea bass. The sashimi is my favorite lol. The best thing is they have delivery, I can order anytimeThis was yummy. I got the pork stickers which made my week. Food was very fresh and service was fast and sweet!Good sushi and good value.  We went during Happy Hour.  My only complaint is that the wait staff allowed some guy who lived across the street to approach the tables and hit on the female patrons.  Not cool.I got take-out. Easy to order online, easy pick-up, no more expensive than any of the other places south of St. Charles. Seaweed salad was awesome with a large portion. Pad Thai was good but I wish it was a little more nutty. All in all, good food and we'll be back!Simply brilliant! Great flavor with amazing presentation. Very friendly wait staff and the chef even came out to say hello. My only regret is that I had to share the carpaccio with the other people at my table. Highly recommend supporting this young chef and his enterprise.Exactly what this town needs is one more tired old sushi restaurant serving the same uninspired cuisine.  The thai chicken wrap was actually repulsive, nobody cares to taste this stuff before it comes out.  I predict closure within the year.  Looking forward to whatever takes its placePretty good sushi, I must say! We got miso soup, sea salt edamame, Spicy crispy salmon skin, crunchy shrimp, salmon avocado and the black and gold roll. Everything was really well done and beautifully presented. Pleasant, generic interior, friendly attentive waitstaff. We were the only people there tonight around 7pm.  Reasonably priced as their standard rolls start from $3.50 and go to $12; their specially rolls are $12 to $18. Will definitely get my sushi fix here again some night!I've ordered delivery from here many times and it is always fresh, delicious and arrives quickly. The dining experience is just as lovely with attentive staff. Love the Fat Cowboy roll, chicken lemongrass soup, shrimp tempura...pretty much anything we've tried!Chef Andy has expanded his sushi talent to serving Pan Asian dishes in his new eatery.  In addition To Japanese, he serves traditional Thai, Chinese and introduces Malaysian to our area.
He not only knows the cuisine he serves, he's very flexible and willing to try anything new.  Sushiwise, Andy offers ankimo (monkfish)pate' but will substitute many of favorite Asian pickled vegetables for the normal American ones. For  example, the crunchy, extremely flavorful Takuwan (pickled yellow radish) is slice rather than cucumber.
Always known for his creative rolls. especially his 3d rolls from his prior incarnation (Yokohama), Chef Andy and his sushi chefs pay special attention to the presentation while striving to create novel exclusive rolls - so important in todays encyclopedia of roll types.
We always get a group together the Friday evening after Turkey day; so, I know we'll be here in a few weeks again. Ample choice of seating at the sushi bar, several booths, tables with comfortable banquette.We went on a whim; closest, open restaurant. And it didn't disappoint!! We ordered 2 special rolls: the burning man and samurai roll. Both fresh and tasty. Crunchy, spicy. The atmosphere was cozy and cool and the sushi bar was super clean. 
The eel sushi came out hot and delicious. The wait-staff seemed knowledgable and service was quick enough.
Plus they played that song from Frozen. And my girlfriend got all jacked up and kissed me. Sweet. We'll be back. Killer sushi.I can't say enough how delighted I was/am to eat here.  I ordered to tempura roll, california roll and beef pad thai.  All were fresh, bright and tasted great.  
The menu is huge and has tons of options.  Prices are standard for Magazine St.
Highly reccomended!!I love sushi! Rock n Sake on Fulton still holds the reign as #1 in my book and I have yet to find anywhere to take its place. I have found a few close seconds but Aj &j wont even be on the map. 
We came for dinner Sun night so maybe that was my first mistake since it seems everyone likes their lunch specials. 
We ordered the shumai, aj &j salad, fantastic roll, thanksgiving roll, hot and sour soup and shrimp fried rice. 
We received the salad first which had pieces of fresh tuna,etc but they were cut into too big of chunks in my opinion and a one note flavor profile. We ate as much as we could but didnt finish it. 
Then came veg dumplings by server error. No big deal, I like gyoza. It had edamame beans inside and other filler which gave it no flavor but I guess if you eat a vegetarian diet, you may like these? Not sure. 
The shumai ended up arriving at the end of the meal which I was anxiously awaiting and craving but it was just another let down. They were of the frozen kind and flavorless. 
As for the 2 rolls, they came out really quick and I didnt care for either one at $16 a pop. A good roll to me has a nice balance of textures and flavors and both rolls lacked either. Blah. 
The shrimp fried rice was good and for $12 it was a generous portion. 
The soup smelled really bad so I didnt even try it. 
Our server was definitely a rookie but nice. 
We wont be returning( we can get good fried rice at quite a few places)I had the cowboy roll. Let's just say it's unbelievably good. Definitely recommend. The other individuals I'm with had the Pad Thai and sashimi bento box. They both loved their meals as well. Check this place out! Definitely my new favorite sushi spot.This place has amazing sushi for delivery.  I had the uptown roll, potstickers, Avacado salad, cajun roll.  Everything was so good. Best sushi place I town.We found this gem while touring the garden district. The sushi was wonderful and they had a fantastic Chirashi. The dumplings were delicious and the service was great.Same owner as umi. Same waiter that isn't great! Told him our appetizer shrimp tasted like a mouth full of soap and his reply was "well what do you want me to do? I can't do anything"!!! GO TELL YOUR BOSS! That's what you need to go do!!! Chicken teriyaki was fake chicken and frozen,and drain in teriyaki sauce(DISGUSTING)!!! Price is unbelievably high for such crappy food and service! Sushi was ok.  I wouldn't come back at all and waste of time and moneyI was walking down magazine st and stumble on this new asian bistro. The menu was pretty big and had a lot to choose from. The services was nice and attentive. I had roasted Chilean sea bass, the flavor was outstanding and roasted to perfection. Homemade pork dumpling and curry glazed rock shrimp are also a must try. I will be back for sure!!My boyfriend and I decided to try dinner and we happened to stumble upon this restaurant. Didn't know it was only open for two week, but I'm glad we went! We were welcomed w by the owner and the server upon arrival. The atmosphere was very chic! The owner was super friendly and recommended some great dishes.  Their menu consisted of a large variety of Asian food from sushi, Thai, to Chinese, etc! I wanted to order the monk fish pate but they ran out so I tried a different cold appetizer n got the AJ&J salad.  Boyfriend ordered pineapple fried rice (the fact that it was served out of an pineapple made him super happy) and Thai red snapper.  Yum!!! We'll  be back to try other things on the menu for sure!My wife and I ordered delivery from AJ&J Asian Bistro and we were simply impressed.  It is brand spanking new and although we traditionally wait for a place to get some time behind it, this one intrigued us as we have been looking for Asian cuisine delivery that was better than your run of the mill that we feel like dominates uptown.
I am rating it as five stars right now because I think it was just fantastic and particularly in light of it being a new business.  All in all, excellent place!  I am sure we will order again and I hope the quality stays because it will be our go-to place if so...
The food we had was just wonderful!  Beef Satay, Pineapple Shrimp Friend Rice, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Pad Thai and Shrimp Dumplings (Shu Mai).  (We like to over order and have left overs and boy do we - we barely dented a couple of things but loved everything).
The portions were large and we were impressed with the food having arrived hot and the complete order was great!  We had mild discord over who got the last Shu Mai and the fried rice was a true crowd pleaser.  We absolutely loved the Lettuce Wraps and the lettuce was fresh and crisp which is very helpful for the appetizer!
The portion size makes the place a reasonable buy - we were both very impressed with the amount of food and the freshness of everything.  I sincerely hope that all things remain the same and it is not just an early effort as we love to order Asian food and sincerely have been looking for a place that meets our quality desires and this place is promising!
I would like to note that we have no idea who they are and we know nobody at the restaurant.  We found a write up and gave it a shot!  The staff was friendly when ordering and at delivery.  Uptown, give it a whirl!Delicious food, great atmosphere. The service is excellent, too. Take advantage of their happy hour specials!!Just picked up lunch today. Great lunch prices, can order takeout online which is nice when you're busy. Food was hot, good and fresh when I picked it up. Staff was friendly. Had the basil chicken lunch special with hot and sour soup and it was great. Will try their sushi next time. The only complaint I have is that you cannot order anything to drink on their website. That wouldn't really matter unless you are looking to reach the $20 minimum for delivery(which I was until I decided to pickup) In that case you have to call.Love their food very much!! Love the spicy rock shrimp appetizer & kimchi sashimi salad & sushi pizza :)  nice music!Stopped in for our first dinner at AJ&J Asian Bistro. The food was decent but the service was poor. The restaurant had only two occupied tables and 3 wait staff. Our order was taken and after our 3 dishes had been served the waitstaff proceeded to sit down to dinner themselves and we had to flag down service from that point on.As one of the tips says, the fresh fish arrives on Friday! Therefore came here twice, once on a Friday & Saturday. Both times the experience was good.
The seafood ceviche is very good. It has a wasabi dressing (or sauce) over it that gives it a nice kick and extra flavor. Served with in house chips, for a crunchier texture. And the homemade pork dumplings are one of their signature appetizers. 
Both times we got the uni, the 2 servers that I had were very knowledgeable about it. I recommends giving it a try if you aren't a fan of it.In order of our favorites, the rolls that we had are the Thanksgiving, Black & Gold, and the Fantastic roll.Great place to stop by after walking around the Garden District. Went in just in time for happy hour and we ordered a rainbow roll and 2 orders of salmon sushi for $13. The restaurant was generous with the salmon sushi and each piece was topped with fresh and rich salmon. 
The curry seafood hotpot was an odd item. It came in a rather small clay pot and had eggplant, tofu, bass, salmon, shrimp and scallop in curry sauce. The seafood was fresh, but didn't justify the price. Would rather get more sushi instead.
Very attentive service.Admittedly I was a bit hesitant when a friend suggested we go to this spot for sushi. The term Asian bistro always kinda throws me. 
But I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of our food, the service, and the atmosphere.
The chicken hot and sour soup was amazing - I mean really amazing - and gluten free! 
The rest of our orders of sushi were not only pleasing and reliable on the tongue, but they were beautiful as well. 
The service was phenomenal and even the owners came by to check on us multiple times. Since it is currently a BYOB (they are waiting on their liquor license) we were pleasantly surprised by no corkage fee and a free round of hot sake. 
I really feel like this is a hidden gem and one that I plan to go back to often.Overall I left feeling unimpressed. I ordered the chicken pad Thai, Kimchi sushi salad and Alaska deluxe roll. The pad Thai lunch entree came with a soup so I chose the chicken hot & sour soup. The soup was good but the Pad Thai was very one dimensional to me. While it was flavorful, it was overwhelmingly sweet. The kimchi salad just tasted sour to me, rather than Kim-chi inspired, but at least the salmon was fresh.  And lastly the Alaska deluxe roll fell short for me too. It was lacking in flavor and texture. There were some unique items on the menu but I doubt I'll be back.