The moment has arrived. Thank you for opening. Local ramen joint that is fast, casual, and most Importantly delicious. The tonkatsu ramen broth extremely flavorful, the pork warm and tender, and ramen cooked to perfection. Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.This place is very unassuming and easy to miss if you aren't looking but it's a gem! The front door isn't on oak st tho, it's to the left of the building. 
They have AMAZING Japanese curry!! It tastes like my favorite I had in New York. Absolutely delicious and it's well seasoned. I will definitely frequent just for this dish. 
There ramen also looks like it's good. Only reason it's 4 stars is because they wouldn't give us an option to get it without pork or sub the pork for a different meat. My boyfriend doesn't eat Pork so it was disappointing. We may try again to do this next time and see if they'll work with us. It should be fairly easy since they have miso and shio options. Will update my review if we can! 
The staff is also very nice and friendlyWe had their poboys during poboy fest one year and have become fans. So to see that they opened up their own restaurant was joy to our eyes   The poboys were so good! We got fries with some amazing sauce and the gumbo did not disappoint!I LOVE Ajun Cajun.  This is the closest food in NOLA that resembles authentic Japanese cuisine.  My favorite is the entire menu.  I often order chicken yakisoba and ramunégot vegetable don't and it was good my only complaint is that my vegetables were a little hardI basically had a shrimp sandwich thing with lettuce tomato mayo and it was actually very good! The vibe of this place is interesting. It's cajun-ish with an asian twist? I liked it because i had to walk a bit off course to find it it's kind of "nestled in the back" if you will. it looks like a big house and you enter on the side.Best ramen I've had so far in New Orleans. We got the Tonkotsu ramen and it was the closest to authentic ramen I've had here. I've tried Kin and Nomiya and while they're good in their own respective terms they don't scratch the ramen itch that Ajun Cajun was able to. The broth is creamy and well flavored, the meat is a tender shoulder cut, and the noodles are the typical wavy ramen noodles. My only complaint is that the broth was a little saltier than I would've liked and that additional toppings are extra including the egg so I wasn't able to try their ramen egg.  The restaurant is super casual, easy for big groups or individuals.What can I say, stunningly delicious. The pork tonkatsu curry was SO good!  We also had the teriyaki chicken, the beef udon, and the shrimp po boy. Be sure to get the pork gyoza for an appetizer. We will be back!My husband had complained about not having a ramen place in our neighborhood and BAM Eater had an article about a new ramen place opening up on Oak St. We walked on a cold weather day.
I ordered Tonkatsu ramen with an egg and corn. My husband ordered the Nabeyaki Udon. We got the Ajun Cajun chicken and the pickled vegetables on the side. I got a hot green tea (with two free refills) and my husband got a Sapporo beer. The chicken is DELICIOUS- it's dark meat and definitely fried in a seasoned corn starch so it's not heavy or greasy but perfectly cooked, seasoned, and tender. 
Honestly, it's delicious. We will 100% come again. It's super close to where we live, the food is fantastic, and the prices are affordable.Dope spot off the beaten path. According to one diner however the food was not exactly as it was in Japan when she studied abroad there for what was probably a three week stint. That might be because this place (as noted in the name) is a fusion of Asian and Cajun flavors. Hopefully her date was as impressed with her worldliness as I was with the food. Great flavors. Good portion size. The only reason for the missing star was the atmosphere was meh. But hey, that's showbiz!!I had the pork Katsu curry- it was amazing. The flavor was perfect the Katsu was cooked amazingly. Oh and I had their Cajun fries, at first I was driving and I really wanted to try one, so I grabbed one out of the box. There is no flavor on them, I was really confused at first, then I saw the sauce that was with them, it is amazing. almost like a spicy aïoli.  I am excited to go back and try more of their items.Sooooo good! Absolutely recommend this family owned business! I had the vegan curry and finished every bite. The boyfriend had the yakiniku po boy and said it was fantastic as well. Can't wait to come backThe raving reviews on yelp seemed unreliable. The broth of the ramen & the texture of the noodles are off. The meat is okay. I've eaten ramen at several locations in and out of state. This was the worst ramen I've ever tasted. The Cajun fries were average and the given spicy mayo was an odd mix. The Cajun Tuna Tataki Sashimi was the best thing on their menu that I've tried. But it was still okay tasting compared to other restaurants and it had a lot of pepper, so I guess they should've added "pepper" to the name.  Upon entering, I thought I would be led in to a table. I told the staff I had a party of 6 and I asked to sit inside. They pointed to the table and waited. I didn't know right away but later realized that we were suppose to order at the cash register first before being given food to order. I wish they told me bc I was very confused. I figured it out by asking them. It was a bit awkward but eh.  I appreciate that they had a fun variety of food on their menu and a variety of Japanese drinks. I'm very confused by the other raving reviews. I had higher hopes. My friends all agreed that their food was not worth the amount of money spent. We went 3ish weeks- a month after the quarantine had been lifted so I hope that maybe that was the reason why our food was inconsistent with the other reviews. I willing to give this place 3 stars right now (generous) and to come back one day (maybe months and months later) to retry their menu in hopes of editing this review to be much higher. I hate to give out bad reviews but I'm very unsatisfied by the food. We had a friend who was in Japan for a while; the ramen here was nowhere near the ramen in Japan so I'm not sure about the reviewer who said that. I hope to come back to this review one day and edit the stars to be better.Popped in for lunch and everything was delicious! 
https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2021/07/17/ajun-cajun-new-orleans-la-report-396/Came here New Years Eve about 30 minutes before closing. The employee who checked out my food was very nice and hospitable. The food came out in a quick and timely manner. I ordered the Yakiniku Poboy, Tonkonstu Ramen, Fries, and Ninja Salad. Everything was absolutely delicious. The poboy is bursting with flavor, the ramen was comforting, the salad was  delightful, and the fries and sauce are yummy. 10/10 would try again.Everything we ordered was delicious. Amazon flavor for both cajun dishes and asian. Would definitely go againI can't oversell this place. 
We usually get them at booths at fests, then I found out they have a restaurant uptown doing delivery. Basically ordered immediately. The Ribeye poboy is amazing, my 3yo ate the entire (large) shrimp plate himself, and the chicken curry was exactly like my hubs said he got in Japan when he was stationed there in the navy. 
27 stars.The food is amazing here, I've only eaten there once but I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.
I took my order to go and they were very prompt too.I'm not going to lie - the name of the place and its sign outside  kind of deterred me from visiting this place; it wasn't until my friend asked me to go did I finally muster up the courage to do so. 
And honestly, don't make the same mistake I did. First off, they have a parking lot. We know how difficult that is to find around here so that's a major plus. 
The server/co-owner(?) was really friendly and helped us choose what we should get. My friend got the ramen whereas I opted for the Yakiniku poboy and Cajun fries. Man, first off the Cajun fries are perfectly crispy and the sauce that it comes with is sooo good. He wouldn't tell us what it's made of, but he doesn't know how persistent I am. 
The poboy was decently sized and the meat has a garlic sauce (almost bulgogi like) and mozzarella cheese. It's definitely an interesting taste but I didn't mind it at all. I highly recommend the place if you haven't visited yet!Forgot to take pics but the food was really good. Got takeout. The Cajun fries were amazingly crisp and tasty! Definitely getting those again. Got the ribeye poboy and it was also delicious. The bread on the bottom got a little soggy but I think it's because it was takeout. The girl at the bar for pickup was really nice too. Will definitely be back and hope to try their udon next time.This place blew us away! You could tell it was a new restaurant but nothing that would reflect a bad review. You order at the counter. This is something I feel like I would've gotten at a really nice sushi place. Best kept secret in uptown! Also there was outside and inside seating.We just got takeout and everything was fresh, hot and delicious. We started with seaweed salad, and my husband got the spicy tonkatsu ramen. They wait to cook your noodles until you get there, which helps make sure they'll still be good when you get home. I accidentally ordered off-menu by asking for Yaki Udon, and they graciously made it for me. It was legitimately the best yaki udon I have had. It was well seasoned and had just the right proportion of vegetables, meat and noodles. 
We can't wait to go back! My husband says it is dangerous that they are so close to our house and this tasty.Better than your average po-boy! The atmosphere was a little odd but oddly homey. Ramen - really good, not the best I've ever had but very solid. The prices are great and everything was yummy. This restaurant offers a really good mix of Cajun and Japanese cuisine; very unique! Also, I recommend the cajun fries. And the employees were very wholesome.This place is amazing. I am not crazy about the name but the product is incredible. They serve Japanese comfort food of the same caliber you get in Asia, not the type of Japanese food from typical American restaurants. Highly highly highly recommended. I bring all of my friends here and have made regulars out of them. Try to Oyako-don, its what a Japanese grandmother might feed their grandchildren. It's what I eat when I need to recharge when I'm hungover or worn out.Garlic pork rice bowl was good, as was the shrimp yakisoba, but the yakiniku poboy still remains supreme. We were super excited for Ajun Cajun to get a brick and mortar, as the yakiniku is the BEST (beef) poboy in the city. The staff was super friendly, and food came out fast, though it was a quiet night. Great place for casual, good eats.This concept is SO cool! While the atmosphere is a little lacking, the food is solid and unique, although pricey. The miso ramen was dynamic, and had a smorgasbord of toppings that all improbably went well together. It is a little silly that you have to pay extra for the food to be spicy. It was a dollar to do so, which was odd since it was just a dollop of chili on top. The sashimi was really good and unlike any other, but expensive. The smoked salmon po boy was a class of its own. We will be back to try more things for sure, and hope that the quick and solid service continues. It's order at the counter,  but the waitress is very attentive. I really hope they do well because they make a great addition to oak street.Well inside the neighborhood, seems like a house converted to a nice restaurant. Obviously my first time here, recommended by company CEO. I was the first customer of the day, the door clicked open as I walked up. Lots of menu choices as you can see on the wall and I heard noodle was good, so I ordered  tonkotsu ramen and gumbo. I know it's strange combination but I like to test what the place has to offer. It was not disappointing.
Ramen was Very Good. Enough not to go to Houston and the prices are very reasonable. They also have vegetarian version if you so choose. Great find. Try them out!This place is unique and delicious. Clean, easy to access, with friendly and fast serviceFirst time trying this place! The menu is a mix of southern food and Asian that got us so curious that we did takeout just to try. We had the softshell crab poboy and shrimp yakisoba and both were delicious! Wow! We will definitely be back and next time we'll do dine in :)Wasn't expecting much but overall a great experience. The ramen is one of the best the city. Katsudon is a must try!Pretty good and the service was great. I had the ribeye poboy and it was really flavorful! Literally, every bite had flavor. The ribeye was tender and they definitely loaded the poboy up. The Cajun fries were good as well. The sauce that comes with the fries are like a spicy mayo but sweet. I wasn't a fan. I think the fries can go without it. Overall, it was good and I would visit again. It's not a place I would crave for everyday, atleast for me but it's good!I visited yesterday at the Ajun Cajun. they had outside seating as well as inside. they are doing takeout with updated corona virus hours. the pictures on yelp looked great and the food in person was even better. there was 4 of us and we got a variety of things all DELICIOUS. I had the to tonkostu ramen it was absolutely yummy. I didn't take pictures of the food just because it wasn't in its regular presentation for sanitary purposes and I didn't want that to take away from their business aesthetic! the poboys r tasty and juicy the ramen is full of flavor and the noodles were great as well. they have a variety of drinks non alcoholic as well. I had a creamy strawberry mochi to top it all off it was a great choice. make ur way down here bc this place is so worth the visit !My husband and I picked up takeout on a Thursday evening. We shared the Yakiniku and Saginaki po-boys. They were excellent! The service process was quick and they brought it out to the car. The only thing was, when we got home the bottom bread was mushy and soaked through. Next time, I will ask for the bread and filling separate for transport. I am excited to try their soft shell crab po boy! #yelploveOk- first thing - my 11 year old son *insisted* that I "go online and give this place 5 stars!" He is usually not quite so adamant about reporting his dining experiences, but he's been raving about this place to everyone who will listen (including his online virtual school classmates) since we stopped in last night for dinner, so here I am. 
He had the pork yakisoba - which was obviously a big hit with him- along with a side of Cajun fries. 
The grownups of our party had the Tonkatsu ramen and miso ramen- which were also both quite good. I'd absolutely recommend either to anyone looking for tasty ramen in Nola. 
Portions were great (the 11yo has been describing his yakisoba as "a mountain of food!")
We ate in the spacious open-air tent outside, which had well-spaced tables and lots of ventilation, so good Covid precautions there. The food came out quickly and the service was friendly.
Overall- this restaurant was a hit with both the adults and kid in our family and we will definitely be back!This is a fantastic place! The ramen is BOMB and I cannot recommend it more highly if you are deciding what to order here. I tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and the veggie ramen and both were delicious. I love all the options they have too with the cajun / japanese concept, and it makes it a really great restaurant to go to with families and friends that may have different taste preferences.I'd heard about Ajun Cajun since it's in such a central location but didn't give it a shot since it's in a touristy area. Big mistake. Their katsudon and takoyaki instantly brought me back to my home city and parties with friends in a cozy izakaya. I wasn't expecting such authenticity out of a fusion restaurant. The pork katsudon had a token layer of rice and chives blanketing the bottom and the rest was just PILED with katsu! Going back tomorrow for the mouth-watering dong phuong bread smoked salmon poboy. Disappointed that I didn't have room for dessert! Also, pleased to see melon Ramune, a less common flavor, on the menu.This place was really amazing, blending Asian and Cajun food.   Really impressed with the food and super nice people.Delicious asian-cajun fusion! Great menu, delicious yakisoba and ramen! Order at the counter and then sit. Service is very friendly and attentive. Decor is chic and cute but not overly busy. A very nice, calming place. Will go again.With the lack of ramen places in New Orleans, I've tried them all. Being down the street, Ajun Cajun is very convenient. You have to be present to order it to go but the wait wasn't long at all. The noodles in the Tonkatsu Ramen were cooked perfectly. I would say the broth was a touch too salty and the pork wasn't typical Chashu pork, it was quite dry. I assumed the egg was included but it's a topping you have to request at extra cost. I added roasted garlic oil. Overall, for a $14 bowl of ramen, I expected more. Too bad! The search continues.The ramens we got was delicious! Both the spicy and regular tonkotsu. My only complain is that there were ALOT noodles in the ramen and less broth. When requested for more broth, they were unable to provide more unfortunately stating that they came in sets/don't want to waste another set.Super flavorful Udon broth! Amazingly tasty Oyako-don that tastes just like the kind I used to get in Japan. The po-boys and other fusion stuff is pretty dang good too! Owner is super sweet and I've never had a bad meal here.Stayed at an AIRBB nearby and was looking for some grub . Unfortunately , most places were closed but not this unique spot ! Friendly, cozy Asian Cajun vibe just like the name . I ordered a special , Asia. Po boy with some gumbo . Super friendly service and atmosphere . A cool little place worth the visits with unique eats .A hole-in-the-wall, hidden gem of an Asian fusion spot if I ever did see one. You get a mix of Japanese food with Cajun flair, and it's become 100% my favorite ramen spot in Nola. The noodles are cooked perfectly, the broth is rich and flavorful. 
They are practicing safe, social distancing guidelines as of February 2021 - with masks and take out options. What stands out is the SUPER friendly service. Even on the phone they were really accommodating! Overall a perfect spot for some good comfort ramen away from the hustle & bustle of the city.This is not only one of the most unique restaurant concepts, it's also expertly executed (and with a lot of love, at that). Ajun Cajun is the best of all worlds and whether you're a visitor or a local, it's a must-try!
We visited on a Monday night and it was a quiet one, which was really nice, given that over the weekend it was hard to get a reservation at places that are slowly, but surely getting "back to normal." Right now, this glorious place is FOH -operated by the owner, who is the nicest guy. I loved hearing how this concept came to be, as sort of a second generation of Ninja, which we did visit when we lived here years ago. Ajun Cajun is its hip, younger sibling, a fusion of the two cuisines, thanks to the owner being of both Cajun and Japanese descent. This isn't some BS hipster trend, but an authentic representation of both flavors.
The menu is extensive and has plenty of vegetarian/vegan options, including ramen, udon and donburi. I ordered the latter. It's a simple dish with loads of vegetables, tofu skin (my favorite!) over rice, and it's seasoned perfectly, so that I couldn't help but finish every bit of the very generous portion. 
My husband had their famous yakiniku po-boy, which is sliced rib-eye with cheese, dressed. He pretty much inhaled the thing, so yeah, I believe it lived up to the hype. I CAN report as to the cajun-spiced fries which are insanely perfect.
I really love this place and feel like it'll be on our regular rotation when visiting home again.We were looking for somewhere we could get fusion food and this place nailed it. We got the chicken teriyaki po boy and the yakiniku po boy and they did not disappoint. The chicken teriyaki was like chicken karaage with teriyaki sauce on top. The yakiniku was delicious and not something I'd had before. The bread was hefty enough to hold everything that was inside but not too crunchy with a soft inside but being nice and toasted. If you're looking for a different take on a po boy I'd definitely suggest this place! The inside is cute with a handful of tables and a wonderfully nice staff. There's a parking lot outside where you can park your car as well so no need to worry about street parking.My new favorite place! 
They have their own parking lot off Oak, it's never been packed every time we went, the menu is broad and has a lot of options for everyone, and their ramen is to die for.
I'm ashamed to admit I've only ordered one item from them every single time because I love trying new things, but I just can't cheat on their ramen like that. It's TO DIE FOR. I love that all their ramen comes with Chashu (pork), bok choy, mushrooms, and nori (seaweed), you just pick your base and any extra toppings. I always add corn, garlic oil, and a seasoned soft boiled egg. It's super filling, super comforting, and the taste is excellent through the last drop. 
My husband has at least mixed it up a bit. He tried their rise and shine poboy with grilled sausage, scrambled eggs, and torched cheese on top (don't knock it until you try it), and this time he got the pepper shrimp poboy which is grilled shrimp tossed in this mildly spicy pepper sauce. Fries aren't included in the price of the sandwich, but worth it to add on. They're like the Rally's batter fries, and they're served with their pink sauce made famous at festivals on their fried softshell crab poboy (tastes like it has sesame oil in it, and it does have little tiny orange fish row in it, so vegans be aware), but it's definitely habit forming. 
Order at the counter and then sit down, and sometimes they have a waiter to help bus their tables, but if you have a free hand, the bins and trashcan are all labelled for where you out your trays and cups and stuff!My go-to for takeout. Food is always on point. It tastes like the chef puts love and care into the cooking  always deliciousI guess this review is very timely. I love "real" ramen, but so far this is only the third ramen place I have gotten to try in the New Orleans area. Of those three, one has gone out of business and one has recently switched to serving fried chicken. Oh dear.
So how was Ajun Cajun? First, I'd like to mention that it actually has a parking lot, which is a nice amenity. It also had a couple of outdoor tables under a decent sized canopy, so I didn't have to worry about my shade vanishing halfway through my meal. Very nice.
I got the pork tonkotsu ramen with added corn. It was so good! There was enough for two meals, and after each meal I was licking my bowl for every last drop of that broth. Will definitely be back.You won't be disappointed! It may looked closed but pull into the parking lot and enter on the side because it definitely it worth the trip!! The hostess is sweet and explained everything to us! Check out the menu board as you walk in but also grab one of the written  menus  because they have more items listed on it. Wonderful spin on Asian/Cajun food. The Ramen is delicious and giant. Authentic Japanese flavors! You order and pick up your own food at the counter not to mention clear your own table but prices are reasonable. Make sure you arrive early, they close at 8:00 PM on Saturday night. When we were leaving they had about 9 people walk in at about 7:30 which put them into over load but they were very accommodating and grateful to have the business. We definitely hope they stay around! Lots of yummy, yummy for your tummy!Finally caught them open‼ Since we can't have French Quarter fest they have a restaurant that Japanese po-boy is insaneNot a regular I'm the area but this is a house turned into a Resturant but they did not have jambalaya 
Very sad 
We left it was not very welcoming