We liked this place so much we came back a second time. The salad was very fresh, the capresse delicious. And the lady who works there is very nice and willing to change food to accommodate. Decent prices, especially for the heart of NO.The toasted muffuletta was delicious! We went on food tour of the French quarter and this was by far my favorite stop. The sandwich was warm and delicious!The muffaletta here is delicious!!! The lady who took our order was soooo sweet and helpful. We decided to order a whole one and barely could finish it (she did warn us about this). It is huge!!!! They crisp the outside of the bread perfectly and the cheese melted is just great. Definitely check this place out if you are in the market area!Must get muffaletta, must get muffaletta! Take a while but definitely worth the wait! This sandwich is amaze balls. Get the 1/4 if you're dining solo. The have is an awesome split. Cool cheese plates, and awesome sangria!This is the best place at Nola to eat Muffulata. 
Their Muffulata sandwiches Amazing!!! 
They have their home made salad that comes with the Muffulata made from a very good quality olive oil,  carrot  and a lots of love .
 not just for their delicious food this is also for thei warm and welcoming service. 
 The Bistro located within the French MarketMuffuletta rocks. Best in NOLA! Perfect snack before dinner, Alberto's didn't disappoint.Best Muffalatta sandwich I've had! The olive salad alone was delicious enough to just eat by itself. We have to support our mom and pop shops. This is definitely one of them.Alberto's muffuletta's are waaaaaay better than Central Grocery's! Thanks to a tour guide agent, named Ronny...he directed us to this marvelous eatery!! Yummy!Such a great little gem located in the French market! I needed a break from heavy food on a hot day, so I ordered a caprese here. It was perfect. Everything was so fresh and you could tell that they use quality ingredients. Especially the olive oil (it matters). The service was fast and friendly too. Definitely worth a try.Ate the muffuletta before I could take a picture. But it was great. And framboise in a small bottle is rare to find. Excellent. Outdoor seating. Good beer.I'll admit, I came to Alberto's in the French Market on Easter Sunday after discovering that Central Grocery was closed, and  now I'm glad it was! I learned that the muffaletta here has thinner bread than CG, which I prefer, and whereas CG serves theirs cold, Alberto's prepares theirs warm, which I enjoyed. It was a real treat to have this classic New Orleans dish here.
My boyfriend and I split a half sandwich, and it was plenty of food for a quick lunch before heading to Royal Street to check out the gay Easter Parade. We managed to grab seats right at the small counter, but there are also tables and chairs around the Market for public use. The service was friendly and prompt, and we we happy to grab some wine and beer to go when we moved on to our next stop on the grand NOLA tour!In my opinion the muffuletta here is better than the famous ones at central grocery. It didn't have the heavy greasiness you get with most others I've tried. This place is great for a quick bite as you stroll through the market. Staff was friendly too. Would eat here again.I had little knowledge of what a muffuletta was since I only knew that I had to try this italian style sandwich in New Orleans. I am glad we stumbled upon this sandwich shop at the French Market. 
Super casual and quick and good way to sample the must eats in NOLA. The muffuletta either came in a quarter or half portion. Alberto's had a sign with the explanation of what this muffuletta sandwich consisted of which was great.
We shared the quarter portion since we had dinner plans and I have to say I wish I had my own quarter to finish. The seasme bun was perfectly toasted and the olive salad was tasty with the salami, ham and cheese layers. Absolutely delicious!! 
Service was quick so no complaints there. From the signage, they serve breakfast and quite a few number of other sandwich options. Of course there is the cheese boards as well and a number of beverages to choose from. There are also a few tables just in front of this stand for you to relax and enjoy!We just happened by this place on our last day in NOLA while we were buying shirts to bring back home. We stopped to look at the menu and someone sitting there said its really good you should get one. We had been wanting a muffuletta anyway and they had a vegetarian option AND mimosas and sangria. SCORE! Let me just say that this sandwich was unbelievable. The vegetarian one was so good (a little messy, though) I love olives and the olive spread on the sandwich was perfect.  My husband got the meat one and he said his was also amazingly good. They sell them in quarter or half except the veggie only comes as a half. I saved my other half for later and it was just as delicious. Definitely worth stopping here if you are strolling through the market!When I visit New Orleans there are always a few things on the to do list (not necessarily in order of importance):
Cool cocktails both craft and the classics
Live music 
Sweets - Chiefly Pecan Pie
And high cuisine which I define to include the subject of this entry - the Muffuletta.
Being a sucker for the traditional I usually get mine at the Central Grocery but what a tasty surprise to find Alberto's
Hot, made by hand to order.  Who could ask for more!  Fantastic people serving up food the way it should be.Good stop in French market ! Vegetarian friendly. We tried the veggie mufflata and it was good. The caprese was ok. Clean , but long wait during busy times.Muffuletta rocks. Best in NOLA! Perfect snack before dinner, Alberto's didn't disappoint.I don't normally post reviews but this restaurant in the French Market is fantastic and deserves praise for using fresh, organic ingredients and putting together every healthy but also delicious salads and sandwiches. Don't know what I would do in terms of healthy eating in the Quarter without it!After two and a half hours of walking in 103 degree weather, we were told that this little mom and pop shop had the best muffuletta sandwich. Being starved since the morning, this sandwich hit the spot as it dripped with olive oil and was liberally covered with diced green olive toppings. Very highly recommended. If you're from the east coast, it is like a Potbelly sandwich but one step up.Stopped while at the French Market for a Muffaletta. It was delicious!   A half is huge for 2 people.  Learning our lesson we stopped in again on our last day and ordered a 1/4 only to split.  I ended up eating it with a Banana Rum Smoothie from Organic Banana a few spots down.  One of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten!Good food fresh & reasonably priced. Wide selection of beer & wine. Salads made to order with quality lettuces, spinach. Solid muffuletta. Great stop in French shopping district.Alberto's is a gem in the French Market serving up deliciousness at nice prices. It's been almost two years since I first saw their bountiful deli display with beautiful salads, muffaletta, wine and cheese. Antonia typically works the counter and treats each customer as special, chatting about the menu, love of food and our wonderful city. 
While many customers visit for the muffaletta, my favorites at Alberto's are their hand chopped salads w/ house made dressings. The quality of the ingredients is always high--the cheeses they use in the salads are exceptionally delicious. Paired with a  crisp bottle of Pinot Grigio from their reasonably priced, well-selected wines and you have the perfect meal for a sunny afternoon in the Quarter. (I've also made Alberto's my regular French Quarter stop for a cold bottle to-go when I'm out in the streets for parades, festivals or general revelry.)
Great options for gluten-free folks as well!This place is located in the French Market/food court area. I got a smoked salmon sandwich more so because of a craving and I was not disappointed. They were very generous with the smoked salmon and altogether, the sandwich was delicious. Crispy French bread, great cheese pairing, and pretty generous portions for a $10 sandwich. I will probably crave this sandwich again soon and will have to make another stop to New Orleans to get it. We sat at the tables by the booth and the area was surprisingly fairly clean considering how many people were walking through on a busy Saturday afternoon.Not a full review as we purchased a beer and mimosa the morning we were walking at the French Market.  But, there's clearly something special about this place and they have some comfortable and inviting seating just in front of this bistro.  I'd use this as an oasis on a hot day and if hungry, I was tempted to try the muffuletta here.Yep, Yelp got this one right. I would say it's the best muffaletta I've ever had, which is true, but it's also the *only* real muffaletta I've ever had (I've had things at pizza places elsewhere that call themselves muffalettas, but clearly aren't). That said, there is a reason it's still the only muffaletta I've had: I was going to go here, and then go try the original at Central Grocery the next day... but after trying the muffaletta here, the next day I decided, screw it, getting another one here instead. The bread is perfect, the meat and cheese are perfect, the olive oil is perfect, and if it could be possible for the olive salad to be *more* than perfect, I'd say it was. So, "best muffaletta I've ever had" would be true but unhelpful; that said, I'd say it'd probably make it into the top five sandwiches of any type I've had, anywhere. It's freaking delicious. And yes, a quarter is totally sufficient unless you're *monstrously* hungry. 
I will note that this is only 5 stars for their muffaletta - I did also try their white sangria, and thought it tasted pretty cheap. Wouldn't get their sangria again. Would absolutely make sure to get their muffaletta at least once if I were ever back in this area, though.Alberto's was, in a word, perfect. The cheese platter is generous with fruit olives and some of the tastiest French bread I have ever had. The drink prices are reasonable and varied. If you are in the French quarter and need to take a small break, you can't go wrong here.My new favorite place to get a Muffulletta sandwich in the French Quarter! (more accurately the French Market, but still the same.)
Service was fantastic. Ingredients were fresh, prices reasonable, and a nice selection of beer & wine.Watch the couple that runs this place for a few minutes and you realise that it's really important to them that the food is good and the customers are happy.  That's the kind of place you want to buy lunch from.  
Amazing caprese with perfect meaty tomatoes, good cheese, house made balsamic vinaigrette, plenty of finely cut basil, salt and pepper grinders so you can season it yourself - yeah.
The Philly is good too.
Came back the next day for more.  The guy across the street will serve a draft in a go cup....Excellent sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches too!  We hit before shopping in the French Market.  Olive relish is to die for!OMG if you want a nicely warmed Muffaletta seriously this is the place to get it at! It might be humid outside, but that's NOLA. I wish I would have made it out here the last day to take it on the plane ! It's that good. I'm not a big olive person, but that's what makes it authentic and I personally think they aren't overpowering . I got the 1/2 size Which was enough for me. Highly recommend  this spot !!Amazing customer service and the sandwiches were spot on. The flavors were intense and they really did a great job making it with the sub $10 mark. 
Any more pricier and it wouldn't have been worth it but for this price point it was perfect. 
My Jamón Serrano had a touch of too much garlic on a couple of the bites but besides that was amazing. Highly recommend.I almost skipped this place because it said wine and cheese and not hurricanes and poboys.  Thank you yelp for having reviews that made me order the muffuletta!   The tapenade was perfection, the meats, the cheeses and that fresh bread with the slight crunch on the exterior.  It was a perfect symphony.   Even if you pass by and just get a 1/4 portion (what I have pictured) and eat it as a little snack, do it!  Fantasticly delicious.An extraordinary muffuletta in a nice open area market.  I highly recommend this place for no frills, good food.The tuna salad sandwich here is huge, tasty and very filling. It even comes with avocado. This place is located inside the French market. They close at 5 daily. The owner is very nice and even let me sample the tuna salad before selecting it. I heard they have great cheese plates and muffulettas too. I came to this place 3 days in a row, as it was just that good.Service superb!! They were closed and the owner still served us. Food was delicious!!!Killer Muffuletta. Easily the best I've ever had. Came to Nola for some great food and def found it here .I had read the reviews of the Muffaletta and knew we had to try one. It was delicious and for $9 the half was more than enough for two.Neat little gem nestled in the food court of the french market.  When trying to find it, I thought it was a brick and mortar restarant.  But it's not.  But don't let that stop you.  The food will not disappoint.  We had the goat cheese salad - outstanding!  Also had a 1/2 muffaletta.  Delicious.  Also enjoyed a nice glass of red sangria with our lunch.  Great service, nice folks.  Highly recommend.We happen to walk buy and purchase some wine and second guessed and decided to sit and have the 3 cheese plate . I am happy we did cause my wife and I loved it. Does not look like much from far but it is all that and then some. Will be back tomorrow for breakfast.Unbelievably good food at an unbelievably good price! We strolled by on a cold rainy day and saw their sign advertising Irish coffee. We ordered 2 to warm up and couldn't believe it when they brewed the coffee and whipped the cream while we watched. After that, we ordered two salads, a sandwich and a muffuletta, all of which were great. The salad dressings and olive salad for the muffulettas are made from scratch and were excellent. Their sign says they use high-quality ingredients and you can tell by the taste that they do.Alberto's is a great little spot in the French Market area for freshly prepared food. Try the Muffaletta, the Sangria, or really anything. It's good food, properly seasoned, and very tasty. Service is polite but not speedy: it's freshly prepared, which is a good thing. Enjoy!Very good Muffuletta sandwich.  We sat at one of the tables in the French Market, and it was a relaxing mid-day lunch.Juan and Antonia are the nicest people you'll ever meet, and the food they prepare is the freshest and highest-quality in the French Quarter. 
My favorites include the goat cheese salad, and the Asiago Roast Beef sub; and certainly their grilled ham and cheese is the best bargain in the Quarter for a quick lunch.Hidden gem in the French Market! 
We were looking for a very simple quick breakfast and stumbled upon this place. The ingredients used were a high quality and super fresh! The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.
I wish we would have found this place sooner and not on our last day! Their salads and cheese platters looked amazing!Have been on the hunt for a great muffuletta and this place didn't disappoint! Cute bistro booth in the French Market, great service, and a nice setting with tables across the aisle.The muffaletta was pretty good, especially with the fresh olive salad that included carrots for little bit of texture. However, the heavy-handed dousing of olive oil brought it down a notch. I probably wouldn't order it again.Overcharged for products that we did not even ask for. Strongly avoid this place at all.Hoped to find a decently priced place to eat when we went out for a walk to the Quarter (increasingly difficult in post-gentrification New Orleans)... was disappointed, though.  Mediocre, overpriced, and unfriendly people.Best muffaletta I have ever had. Lots of garlic, yum! Walk up sandwich counter with cheese and wine, can't beat that!A little pocket of Spain tucked away in the French market!! I must have taken a wrong turn and ended up in Plaza Mayor. 
Simple, robust and authentic flavors. I was not surprised to learn the chef was from Madrid. I was drawn in by the offer for $6 sangria, but the food soon proved the real winner. 
I had the "serrano y manchego" sandwich, which transported me back to a sunny Spanish square. The bread was crunchy and fresh, and slathered with SPICY garlic. The cheese was creamy and the tomatoes and ham were as good as I've had. They also had fresh made salads which were great as well. 
The red sangria was fantastic -- not too sweet, and with a good bite from the wine. It was perfectly refreshing on a hot New Orleans afternoon. For $6, it's a steal. 
If you have been to Spain or Mediterranean Europe, it's worth the trip here if you are in the area. It really well transport you back and it makes a perfect lunch. A highly, highly recommended stop if you are anywhere near the French Market.This is located within the French Market, it is in the beginning of the market.  
When you are here, you just order the Muffulata.  This is a local sandwich that is to die for.  One bite and you won't want to put it down.  They make it toasted and fresh and it is a must when in the area.Go!  Caprese sandwich.  New York level food in New Orleans.  You will not be disappointed!Amazing. Greeted right away with info and a menu. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and they make the salad dressings in house. It's hard to find something healthy (but also delicious) to eat in this city, so I was relieved to detox with a healthy salad. Highly recommended!!!Got the vegetarian muffalattas here. It was AMAZING. It was also our first time ever trying it and couldnt have asked for a better experience. This shop is located in the marketplace so it can get pretty hectic but just make sure you grab a table and then order or look for one soon after. You will need to sit down and eat this. Def a must go whenever in NOLATasty muffaletta!  The sesame bread really gives it a nice flavor.  I tried to go to City Grocery (the originator of the muffaletta), but they were closed on Easter.  It has been so long since I have been there that I can't say how it compares.  This sandwich was a bit less intensely oliv-ey than most muffalettas that I have had, but I don't know what is more authentic.  Anyway, I wouldn't make long treks for this sandwich, but it was definitely above average, and I would gladly have it again.Delicious sandwich! We picked up 1/2 a muffuletta sandwich from Alberto's this past week for lunch. We wanted to try the famous sandwich while riding on the Mississippi River cruise (it was a lunchtime cruise), and it was the perfect complement for the adventure. My husband described it as "Mediterranean awesomeness"- with the homemade olive tapenade, as well as hearty cheese and meats. Very filling!Get the muffeletta! It's a quick and tasty option if you are in between tours!  3 types of meat and olive spread make this hot sandwich a tasty go to in the French Market!The storefront has a variety of cheeses, wines and beers. The wine and needs aren't anything eclectic,  just a large assortment of what you are accustomed to. They had several Abita varieties of beer. 
The muffaletta was delicious. It's served hot with a homemade olive salad. The half sandwich is plenty.There is a myth about the French Quarter, and New Orleans in general...the Great White Whale that everyone is chasing, the mythical Bigfoot that is too much of a myth to be real...what I'm talking about is the imaginary, off the beaten path secretly awesome place that no one knows about. People ask me if I know of it every day, and I laugh. There is no such thing, you can't hide something in a 78 block French Quarter and a small city when there is an internet and people love to share what they love...or so I thought.
(as a side note a quite nauseating habit some, especially new, people in the city have is saying 'don't let the tourists know, this is a local secret...A. It isn't. B. Most people who invest there money, creativity, and time into a art or business isn't doing it to cater to an exclusive crowd of people who just moved here from Brooklyn, they are proud of what they do, and would like to feed their families off their work...so stop with that unfriendly pseudo exclusive anti New Orleans BS, please)
Anyway, I found bigfoot and the whale, and it was hiding in the most hidden place in the French Quarter, at least as far as locals are concerned, the French Market, which might as well be Mars as far as my friends are concerned. There is only one local who has reviewed this place, showing how hidden it is to us, and this is now my favorite lunch place in the Quarter, and its not close.
Muffalettas have became a ham piled cliche of mediocre meat...not here, each meat was of awesome quality and their homemade olive spread makes a mockery of most others. The ham sandwich had real ham, serrano, and manchego cheese. Everyone at our shop had a bite and we all raved. The salads are ridiculous. Im not a healthy eater (putting it mildly) but I could eat their goat cheese, apple, pistachio mixed green salad every day (if they added deep fried bacon). 
The woman who runs the counter is a sweetheart (made sure I had water on a steaming hot day, and they have a good history of small New Orleans restaurants. I asked how long they had been at the Market, thinking they'd say months...something like 3 years was the answer. They've been hiding in the only hiding spot in the Quarter...search them out, for real. And you can call ahead for pickup.Surrounded by the tourist trappings and hidden away in the french market we found this place.  Great food and friendly staff. Perfect for grabbing a good meal for a good price.  No touristy bs, solid place.  Planning on coming here for lunch again tomorrow.My BFF and I were strolling through the French Market and stopped here for a bite. She's on a gluten free diet so we were excited to see they offered a gluten free vegetarian muffuletta. Wow! Yes, Wow!!! We decided to split it and I also ordered a hot chocolate with bailey's. Hey, it was cold and why not have a lil kick to it?! The muffuletta was so good! The veggies were grilled to perfection and they used provolone cheese as well... Just Devine!!European-style breakfast joint. Hot chocolate made from real melted chocolate and milk. Brie pancake was yummy.Very attentive staff and excellent breakfast choice. Look forward to having lunch there too. Huge variety of options and very fresh food.Stopped here while walking though the french market and ordered their caprese salad and muffletta. Both SOO good! Great service! We ordered and paid then sat down and they brought our food to us! Definitely would go again! Great, fresh food.This was the most amazing experience I've had in a long time. There is an array of decadent cheeses to choose from, all of which are to die for. The nice woman that helped us was also very knowledgeable about their origins and ingredients; she helped us make wise decisions based on our personal taste. The sandwiches and salads are also delicious and are a very fair portion for the pricing. We will be back before we leave NOLA!Delicious muffuletta! Nice friendly service and good fast food. This place was the perfect stop on this hot day walking around in the market. Recommend this stop to anyone that is hungry.Found Alberto's through Yelp. It was only a block from where I was exploring, so I Gould it fairly quickly. They have a great menu and after some deliberation I chose a Caprese salad and and grilled cheese sandwich. Both were prepared perfectly. Tomatoes and cheese in the Caprese were fresh with  a pleasant Balsamic dressing. Delicious and reasonably price and excellent service too.Disclaimer:  This is a tourist's review of a New Orleans establishment.  
First thing, this is the last of the three "Always will go when I visit the city" restaurants (along with Cochon Butcher, and Rollin' Fatties).
Now, I've only had the muffaletta. But I've rated this place a 5 star establishment.  A person could conclude that it's a damn good sandwich.  They would be right.  This is a perfect lunch spot.  The olive mix itself is super delicious, and not overly salty (which is a hard balance to achieve, given that you're working with olives and cured meats.)  Although I might give the MVP of the sandwich itself to the Olive Oil.  I am a bit of an olive oil snob, so much as you can be a snob without spending actual money on it (I don't buy any except for the Aldi brand).  If I had a ton of discretionary income, I'd have a bar of nothing but olive oil.  
Everything is fresh to made, and you can see a gentleman (Alberto?) slaving away in the back, working diligently and masterfully.  This guy can make a sandwich. I'm going to assume this is Alberto for no other reason than it fits the narrative that I want to believe.  Arby probably never made roast beef in his life.  But yeah, the bread is also perfectly made.  A light crust which is slightly crispy, which helps prevent the olive oil from making a soggy sandwich (and there is a ton of olive oil on this thing.  But don't worry, the science is out, and olive oil is better for you than most things, indulge).  
I have to give extra kudos to the staff, who are there daily, including the New Orleans summers, which are steamy to say the least.  The New Orleans dead depend on this heat just so they can be entombed in a sanitary way (I learned that from a cemetery tour, take one), so you know it's a special kind of hot.
Lastly...1/4 of a muffaletta is sufficient, especially on a hot day.  AND IT IS SUPER CHEAP.  We ordered two 1/4 muffaletta's and two waters....$11!!!!  
IF THIS RESTAURANT WERE A MUSICIAN/BAND:  Genesis:  immaculate craft, to the point of being a work of art.  Nothing in their music is unintentional, and attention to detail is top notch.This place is awesome! If you love Jamon Serrano try the manchego and Jamon Serrano sandwich, you will love it!It took a while to find Alberto's. It's actually inside the French Market. We had their muffalettas with homemade olive salad, very good. The proprietress was very attentive. The muffalettas were freshly made and warm as they should be. The seating arrangements were a bit confusing. There were 2 stools at the counter but there were tables behind us across the aisle. They have a big selection of wine and beer. All the rest of the food we saw looked very good too. Really enjoyed it.Was looking for a healthy option since all I've been eating is fried food or cured salted meats. The grilled turkey sub on wheat baguette was the bomb! The lettuce and tomato included in the sandwich were very fresh and tasty.Food looks and tastes good, unfortunately it takes forever to get your food. The lady behind the counter said it would be 20 minutes for my salad, a cheese tray and a sandwich. Over 30 minutes later our food was ready.  Not a happy tourist. Thankfully wasn't that hungry.My favorite eat in New Orleans was the Muffaletta I found here. Must try. You can grab one and walk the market. Delish!This is the best Muffuletta in the world!
Really it's the best you will find, it changed my sandwich world view. The proprietor is warm and friendly , don't miss this New Orleans treat.Muffuletta!!!  They don't advertise it, but I got a vegetarianized muffuletta, after reading someone else's review about getting one.  I asked the lady at the counter if they could make a vegetarian muffuletta and she had to ask their chef/sandwich-maker guy before putting the order in.
So in lieu of the cold cuts, I got baby greens and avocado.  But you know the main ingredient in what makes a sandwich a muffuletta is the olive mix.  My first muffuletta (kind of, I know)!  
Anyway, I went on a food history tour and the guide told us to either get muffulettas at Central Grocery (its creation origin... and especially here if you can wait on eating it since the sandwich is better later in the day after the bread has soaked up all the flavors from the olive mix) or get em at Alberto's because they HEAT IT UP here.    
Now I know what a muffuletta is.  My sandwich was so. frickin. good.  I became obsessed and wondered if any delis offer muffulettas on the west coast.  Not many.  Imagine me going crazy over a vegetarian muffuletta... then a regular meaty muffuletta must be ridiculously good.  Go get yourself a muffuletta here already!!!Owned by a couple he is Spaniard (from Madrid) and she is mexican (from Guerrero) this place offers an excellent menu when visiting the farmer market in new Orleans.
I was walking around and saw over the counter a plate of Boquerones (small fish like anchovies) prepared in the most traditional spanish way that force me to stop by and ask for one of those. he prepares it with olive oil, garlic, vinegar and green & black olives.
The lady convinced me to try the special called Muffaletta and that sandwich was awesome.
Really affordable (less than $10 for both), excellent taste and excellent service. Definitely worth to try!
PS: Cash only :(Oh.  My.  God.  This is the best muffaletta I have ever had in my whole life.  It is amazing.  
I ate here a few weeks ago when I was in town, and kept trying to write this review and could never really put what I thought into words until I had a muffaletta here in Tucson yesterday and it all made sense.  
This one doesn't put a butt load of meat on their sandwich.  It's just enough to give it the perfect flavor of the salami and ham.  The cheese is perfectly melted and the tapenade.  Dear heavens, the tapenade.  It's SUPER garlicy, with carrots and green olives and oil...this is what makes this sandwich the best.
The bread is delicious.  It's, like, panini'd or something, so that it's crispy on the outside and the meat it hot and the cheese is melty and delicious....this is for sure a several-napkin-sandwich, by the way.  
I'm legit making myself hungry typing this review.  And I'm in Tucson.  This isn't fair, though it now is something I get to remember and make sure this is the first thing I eat when I get to NOLA.  I can't wait to come back and eat this awesome, helps define New Orleans food, spectacular with a Dixie beer sandwich!Delicious vegetarian muffuletta. It's a tad too oily but still fantastic. 
Order at the counter. Seating either at the counter or a handful of patio tables across the way within the French Market.The vegetarian muffuletta is awesome, with perfectly ripe avocado, delicious dressing, and a warm bun.I had the muffuletta and it was absolutely amazing!! They have different sizes too. One whole one is enough for 4 people.