As a fan of the late night kabab, shwarma or gyro in nyc, I made a stop through Ali ba ba's on one occasion and ended up here again near the end of the trip as it hits the spot!  They are bigger in size of the ones I get in NYC and double the price ($6) but I can imagine the cost is a factor of limited demand (small lines) and pallets in NOLA for a gyro vs a po boy.  They only have rooster sauce for hot sauce which is a knock and they can be slow to serve but the gyros are better than the $5 slice next door or the $5+ lucky dogs on the corner.Fantastic gyro.   I got mine customized with baba ganoush.  Paid extra but worth every penny.   Nice big chunks of meat.   A welcome change from traditional thinly sliced.   This is the place to be at 2am for sureI have been here many times and it's always hit or miss.  You either get a ton of meat with plenty of sauce on a fresh, soft pita, or the bare minimum of meat and hardly any sauce on a dried-out, crumbly pita.  It's never in between, and there's no pattern or indication of whether it's gonna be good or bad. 
Service is always surly, but I'd be surly too if I spent my days waiting on drunken FQ fucktards.
Cash only.  Stop complaining and carry a little cash. (only $7-8 bucks for a gyro.)
All in all, if you're in doubt I'd say roll the bones and give it a shot.  Because even when they fuck it up it's still pretty good....I have eaten here several times over the years and have noticed some inconsistencies. The first 3-4 times I ate there I considered it one of the best things I've eaten (though that could be because I was hammered). Typically there is an older Greek-looking gentleman working (I'm assuming the owner) and he is pleasant and prepares the gyros well. The last trip we made however was a disappointment. There was a younger man working who seemed pissed off and literally threw our food together. The meat/vegetables didn't seem as fresh and we were a little let down after going straight for the gyros after an 8 hour drive. I will be returning again this spring for another chance and am hoping for redemption. Also - they only take cash so come prepared!I went to school in NOLA for 4.5 years and can count the times on one hand that I DIDN'T go to Ali Baba while out in the quarter. Its cheap and absolutely delicious, from the very soft and warm pita bread to the tender lamb or chicken. Obviously for a while we assumed we thought it was so good only because we were drunk, but after debating enough between my friends, we made multiple trips all the way downtown just to test the theory and it was possibly even greater sober.
Cheap delicious and nice change up to po-boys (although nothing is wrong with them)This place is tiny, and can be filed with confused/wasted tourists, but I love it so. The restaurant is family owned and operated, and the main owner is a lovely and funny man to converse with while waiting for food. As other reviewers have noted, the place is filled with boxing memorabilia from the owner's former career. Definitely check out the cold sore on President Clinton! 
Their menu is filled with traditional Mediterranean "quick foods", such as falafel, hummus, gyros, and baba ghanouj. I cannot vouch for the gyros, but I can definitely vouch for the falafel. It is some of the best falafel I have ever had, and I have eaten a lot of falafel. They make it for you on the spot, and it's perfectly spiced. The portions are pretty damn good for 6 bucks!
Step offa Bourbon street for a second (PUT DOWN THE NASTY PIZZA!), and check this place out. It has a nice ambiance and the whole block has some cool bars on it.Good grief we came back to this place three times while on vacation and hanging around the French Quarter.  The best Gyro I have ever had- it was fantastic.  The staff was nice and actually found us entertaining as they started to recognize us when we would come it.  They thought it was funny how much we kept raving about their food.  Anyway will definitely be back to New Orleans and Ali Baba.Counter service at a fair price.  I had the chicken shawarma and it immediately reminded me of many intoxicated nights I spent in Amsterdam and London.
This is the prefect spot for late night food.I would never eat at this place if I was looking for good middle eastern food in New Orleans, BUT when looking for something to eat on Bourbon St. I would totally go again!  This is so much better than the tourist traps and the pizza places!  Great food considering the location!Lil hole in the wall off bourbon street...GREAT PRICES for a late night meal when everything else was closed. It doesn't look like much but the food is Great! The owner has lots of pics of himself plastered on the wall like they decorated back in the 80's. He stopped in while we were waiting for our food and he made a point to greet everyone like he knew us for years and we were regulars. That was cool and set the vibe off right. The Gyro was DELISH and the Spinach Pie was a great veggie dish. My only complaint were the steak fries.....Not sure if they're still open, phone number listed disconnected. Went by for lunch today (Monday) and they were locked up tight. No sign with hours...draw your own conclusions.The food is pretty good - the only Mediterranean food around Bourbon St. The service is not great; sometimes rude & crude. It's a cash-only place, so save $8 for a Gyro or pay to get cash from the ATM. I wish the service staff wasn't so rude; I'd eat there more often.This place was terrible.  One guy working all alone, so it took forever.  Everything in styrofoam, including the cup of water that we asked or.  The Gyro was just ok, a little dry, but better with more yogurt sauce.  The french fries were literally the worst that I've ever had.Hummus plate was not served as pictured on menu. Menu shows a full plate of hummus garnished with roasted red peppers and what looks like basil. Instead, mine showed up on a divided foam plate with hummus on only 1/3 of the plate, garnished with raw onions (which I can't stand), a few slices of tired, pinkish tomato, and and some shredded iceberg lettuce that had seen better days. On the plus side, the half piece of pita bread that accompanied the plate was hot and fresh. As I told my husband, "Nice appetizer, where's dinner?" Would not return.I went here with my girlfriend and we're pretty critical when it comes to Mediterranean food. We weren't expecting a whole lot given the size, but I enjoyed the gyro and she loved the falafels. Inexpensive menu and wasn't what I expected. Coming back here again.Ali Baba has been my savior once or twice post-Pat'Os/Boondocks liver assault/battery.  And that's all it's been good for!  Because it's nowhere as delicious as Lebanon's and the others, but when you're "in need," everything tastes awesome.  
I am fairly sure this is one of the first places I visited in the French Quarter, ever, immediately post-Katrina.  But I had abstained from consuming the goods because I had not yet learned to trust French Quarter eats.  
Anyway, the owner/employees here are a bit odd.  The couple of times I resorted to Ali Baba, I distinctly recall feeling awkward, as if I should NOT be there.  
At any rate, I've only tried the falafels, as fried chickpea mush balls always seems like a clever intoxicated way of ingesting something fatty, yet protein-y (so I don't feel completely awful about myself).  They were always a bit too mealy and crumbly, and over crisp.  Not completely horrendous, but as someone who has consumed falafel all over the place, they were just average.  I'm pretty sure the last time I ingested the falafels, I refused the finish the last two and convinced my starving friend to consume instead (just wasn't feeling it after the first few!).
Nonetheless, Ali Baba is a most excellent vegan/vegetarian choice in the quarter, especially during those late nights.This place is on right off bourbon and I've been here sober 3 times and counting. That should be all you need to know. Great gyros.I ordered the falafel wrap & fries & the food was quick & fantastic!! I completely recommend this place for anyone who is in a hurry & doesn't want a lucky dog or a slice . The photos on the walls show a piece of boxing history with a personal touch. There were plenty to look at while I waited for my meal. 
This restaurant is cash only with an atm inside for your convenience. A few tips for a better Mardi Gras experience- 1)bring cash or use an atm. This is not the time or the place to be cheap. 2) tip your bartenders/servers/parking attendants generously. They deal with a ton of craziness & have bills to pay. 3) A please, thank you & a good attitude go along way. Everyone is here to have a good time. Lines happen. Please be patient & don't sweat the small stuff!I was in New Orleans for about 3 days. I ate here about 5 times.... 
It was close to my hotel, and every time the drunk munchies hit I just gravitated to this spot.
BRING CASH. Their ATM charges $3 and they dont take plastic.Well, this place was a whole lotta nope. I was looking forward to some crispy falafel and hummus, and was seriously let down.
Right off the bat, the guy was rude. "Do you have a vegetarian combo?" I ask. There were meat combos listed, so it seemed like a reasonable enough question, especially since every Mediterranean place I've ever been to offers one. 
"No," he growls, "only the falafel wrap." I'm not usually in favor of using tacky animalistic verbs to describe human speech, but in this case it is warranted. This was one surly fellow--sick to death of tourists and not at all shy about showing it.
Moving on, I asked what was in the falafel wrap, and was told it contained falafel and lettuce. I wondered what sort of sauce, if any, was used, but upon glancing at the menu board, I could see a photo of the wrap with what looked like a small side dish of hummus. Sounded good enough, so I ordered one and sat down to wait.
Well, the sauce does not come on the side as pictured, and it certainly isn't hummus. It is in fact tzatziki, and since I am allergic to dairy, this posed a problem. Naturally I brought it back, apologizing for the mix-up--and was openly snapped at. "I told you it has tzatziki!" he says. No... he hadn't. I would have noticed, since that was the entire point of inquiring about the contents. 
To his credit, he did replace it, but I've gotta be honest... when at last the second wrap arrived it was far from satisfying. The falafel was gummy and cold in the center with no crunch whatsoever, and there wasn't more than a tablespoon of hummus throughout. It was vexingly small for the price, and I left hungry and irritated and wishing I'd gotten a sammich somewhere instead.
The sole reason they get two stars rather than one is because, even through his unpleasantness, the owner was against food waste; instead of throwing away the tzatziki-fied wrap, he insisted that I take it and give it to a friend.Delicious!! Stopped twice for gyros while we were in town. Highly recommend for delicious/cheap eats!The falafal sandwich was really good.This is a place I bring my friends after every night out downtown--I can't count how many times I've come here. It is hands down the best Greek food and conveniently located less than a block from Bourbon.
You can never go wrong with the gyro wrap or falafels. Most impressive of all is the staff that works there. They're incredibly nice and will bend over backwards to make sure you leave happy. 
It usually isn't a big deal because there's an ATM near the counter, but they only accept cash.Excellent street food when you are drunk on bourbon! Fast, fresh. Very good!Nice n comfy ... Deli style with some seating. Very flavorful food n good portion size. Prices are also low. Recommended for a causal quick bite for sureCame into town last night and after going to the Bulldog we came here. Surprisingly the French Quarter was completely dead.
Theres not much of a selection but I ordered a Beef & Lamb Gyro. I think the best tasting part of the gyro was the pita. It was soft and had this chewy texture. The meat didn't have much flavor and I couldnt tell what was beef and what was lamb. Skimpy on the lettuce and tomatoes and the white sauce. 
I dunno, maybe because I'm from New York City, which has 100s of places to get gyros (competition is a good thing), that I didn't find this place that awesome. Actually the friends I went there with said that this place wasn't as good as it used to be. Plus this is the only gyro place in the area so I guess they don't have to really make awesome food because ppl will come anyway. 
Oh did I mention that the gyro cost me $7?!?! Its only like $5 in NYC (and they give you more too)! And a can of soda was $2.....SMHStill the best gyro in the city and they give you a ridiculous amount of gyro meat. Come hungryTourists on Bourbon will be happy (or not) to learn that their options for quick grab and go eats aren't limited to lucky dogs, as a tiny restaurant just off Bourbon offers similarly uninspired drunk food.  It's maybe six feet wide and fifteen deep before the cash register, with booths on the sides and old boxing pictures along the walls.  The Muslim owners and operators have placed a few religious decorations on the wall too, which provides an ironic contrast to the obviously drunk customers who stumble in and provide the bulk of their business.
Ali Baba offers about ten different middle eastern themed items including chicken and beef gyros and shawarma, hummus, and baba ganouj.  The gyros and shawarmas look like the usual stuff thrown onto the rotisserie, but taste like they've been constructed from poor quality ingredients.  Dry meats and borderline stale pitas ruin the sandwiches I've had here.
Much better late night drunk food can be found at Jimani, Alibi, Clover Grill, or Three Legged Dog.  I honestly can't think of a reason for eating here other than being inebriated on Bourbon and not knowing any better.  I find it hard to believe that someone would drive here for middle eastern.  Lebanon's offers far superior gyros and shawarmas for reasonable prices if you're willing to trek uptown.The food is sooo delicious!  I love the hummus and gyro wraps.  The pita bread is warm, and the meat is juicy.  I wish I could eat here more often.  The workers are kind as well.  When I came here last Easter, I was on the verge of passing out due to being dehydrated and out in the heat.  The woman working was very considerate and gave me a free bottle of water, which was great to see in comparison to street vendors demanding $5+ for a bottle of water.  Sheesh.As many have already said, it's rare to find cheap food in the Quarters that is not a hot dog.  Ali Baba's had really good gyros reasonably priced and definitely were a nice alternative for our wallets than paying another $11 for  jambalaya or $4 for a slice of pizza. 
It's basically a hole in the wall, apparently started by a boxing trainer.  The history of the place is probably more significant to the owners than tourists, the only thing that matters is...it's good food. it's reasonably priced.   it's not pizza or hot dogs.There is a lot of great food in the french quarter, even when you're sober, but I end up at this place multiple times on my Nola trips.
Always on a mission to find the best middle eastern food on US soil, I first tried this place back in 2002 during my first trip to new orleans.  I got a chicken shawarma and it's so good and perfect I've never wanted to try anything else. Of course I've gotten the baba and hummous and they are also stellar.  Big portions too.  The guy who currently works there is extremely friendly and appreciated greatly my attempts to converse in Arabic with him.  
I was staying in a hotel at the end of the French market last trip and I trecked it all the was to st peters street for a shawarma meal once a day.  If like like good Arabic food GO HERE MULTIPLE TIMES DURING YOUR NEW ORLEANS STAY.
Also, as a sidenote plus:  they have an ATM that charges a lower fee than all the other ATMs on Bourbon, so get your cash while here.Randomly stumbled in on this place..and Wow!  Place is perfect for late night gyros...we kept coming back here...one of the best Ive ever hadTerrrrible!! We are used to such fantastic Greek food at 3 AM in San Diego.. went here after party as no other places around were open.. terrible sandwiches with some chicken not cooked properly and leaking roofs and terrible serviceMy BF and I were hungry after all the drinking we have done and walking up and down Bourbon St. We didn't want anything fried so we kept looking until we stumbled upon this place.
Really good Beef Shawarma. Affordable and good service. The pita bread was really warm and good  and the meat was tender and flavorful.
It definitely HIT OUR SPOT that night! 
I recommend this place for late night snacking/dinner.There should be a requirement that ALL places serving food after midnight should be this good!
While there are no problems finding alcohol at 1am, decent eating is slim picking.  Hot dogs from carts at corners, rubber looking pizzas from those daiquiri places, fried chicken that have been sitting under heat lamps for too long...and there's Ali Baba.  Truth be told, we didn't have high hope.  The menu didn't look especially attractive or promising but we needed food.  We ordered the lamb/lamb gyro and OMG, it was SO GOOD!  The pita bread was warm and soft and filled with a very generous portion of delicious juicy tasty meat.  Every bite was heaven and we weren't even buzz.  Only if we didn't waste stomach space from another spot eating dry chicken...we would have ordered another.  
It's a small place with some counter seatings.  There are a lot of photos on the wall of this man with many celebrities and it sure looked like the person preparing the food...when hubby asked, the man proudly said the person in the pictures is his cousin.  When we thanked him for one of the best gyro we've had, he was so happy...we were simply telling the truth.
If this place is closed to home, we would be in big troubles..Good gyro, sarcastic service (unless it's the daughter). Ignore the uncle. Chalk it up to the clientele.. No bathroom, open til' 3am. Bread is better than the meat.After 3 days of trying several of the local dishes at various restaurants/bars on and around bourbon street with mixed results I randomly came across this place and wanted a break from all the seafood dishes I had been eating..I stopped in around 8pm on a Monday night to check out the menu...it is small place just off bourbon street and so very easy to walk by and miss....once inside to the left there is a bar high table with 6-8 tall seats and then straight ahead a small counter were you order from...I ordered the combination platter and it was ready in less than 10 mins...the food and salad was fresh and flavour full and the pitta bread was possibly the best I've ever had...from my personal experience for $12 you will do well to find food this good on or near bourbon street!!It was late we were hungry and a local said this is the best falafel place in town. Nope. I mean it could be the best one in town but it was not good in any way. Not even decent. Maybe bc I am used to New York halal carts and this was no where similar. Idk but I really would have preferred to have just ate some cheese itz and gone to bed.This really is the best Gyro in New Orleans, and probably the best I have had in my life! I do not gush about stuff that is not good, or that is good but not great. this is great.
You would not think it when entering this hole in the wall. I have not had the chicken gyro or any of the other dishes, so I cannot attest to their quality. But I have had the Gyro twice and it rocks. Grab one and go to the divey bar across the street for a 2 buck beer. You will not be sorry.Thank God For This Place!!!!
As a vegetarian, eating in the French Quarter can be greasy, fattening and just down right unsatisfying. How many 'slices' of cheese pizza with PAM sprayed garlic butter can one eat before having a heart attack?
My friends went to Yo-Mama's which looked DELICIOUS.... except..... No Veggie Burgers! NOTHING! Ice Berg Salad and a Stuffed potato. That's your option. PA-THE-TIC!
I glance across the street and a halo of veggie salvation emerges.... GYRO'S & FALAFEL. THERE IS A GOD!!!! {well, I knew that anyways}
I was worried.... will this turn into a nasty slider? Well the answer was no. This was a fantastic, fresh falafel sandwich. It was DELICIOUS and CHEAP!  A couple different veggie options too as well as chicken shwarma for those that eat meat. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!Perfect late night falafel and hummus wrap! Nothing better after a long night out on Bourbon St. Not the most friendly staff, but it's still worth it for some solid Mediterranean food.
Cash only!Going to Ali Baba's has become a NO tradition.  Originally stumbled on during a late night food run, it's become our regular grab a bite place when in NO.  Basically for the price of a street dog, you can have a tasty gyro with a squeeze of rooster sauce if you please.Just your average gyro place, nothing to write home about compared to all the other food in New Orleans.  However, the person behind the counter was friendly and attentive.These gyros are amazing! I have never had a pita that was so soft and delicious. Ok, so maybe we'd had a few drinks before we shoveled this ethnic delight into our mouths but I like to think I still had my discerning tastes about me. Hubs agreed so two people can't be wrong. If you're in the mood for eating on the cheap and something other than the typical NOLA fare, I highly recommend this establishment- conveniently located in the French Quarter!Yum yum! Great Greek food right in the Quarter. Small restaurant with barely any chairs. I think a lot of people get their food to go. However, there is room to eat there unless it is really crowded.Amazing lamb gyros! Pictures of old school Bill Clinton on the walls. If you're sick of the fried foods, definitely give this place a try. It's a perfect to-go spot to grab food before the concerts at Preservation Hall.Walk end this place, I really didn't think it was going to be about anything........ after getting my food and tasted it...... I was like damn. This shit it good........ after that throughout my stay I ate a gyro every night after walking up and down Burbon  St....... now this will be one of my favorite spots when I visit the BIG EASY. LOVE ITGreat food. We had the falafel wrap and the chicken shawarma. The place has a quick bar seating type situation so while you are walking around you can sit, get a quick bite and leave. Recommended!Love this place! Not reallly sure how long I've been coming to this place but I really like their chicken shawrma and gyros. It's another alternative to late night food besides Lucky dogs, Krystal burger or pizza and I'm pretty sure it's probably better for you. I ran into this place randomly one night years ago and haven't stopped coming since. I've converted several of my late night pizza eating friends into gyro eaters. The owners are always really nice and your food is fresh and is usually ready pretty quick.Gyro wrap is as good as you can get in the big apple. Delicious and right next to bourbon!!Great quick bite before standing in line for the Presentation Hall concert. It is hard to find a place to take your kids in for a meal this close to Burbon Street. Splitting the combination platter with a kid hit the spot and not the wallet.OMG Ali Baba, how could you hurt me so badly?? 
I went in last night, a little intoxicated to get my usual falafel sandwich. I encountered an employee I had never seen before, who was on his phone for about a minute while I stood there. He kept winking at me (ew) while still on the phone. I finally ordered my food and was leaving to go meet my party next door, when he asks me if I live here, and generally making me uncomfortable with his questioning and posturing. I come back to grab my food and he continuously called me babe and honey... ick. 
I later discovered that my falafel had tatziki sauce instead of tahini.. which made me very ill. 
I will still be going to Ali Baba, but from now on I will bring someone else with me and ensure the dairy-free-ednessWhen you have had a few too many hand grenades and start to get the drunk munchies, this place is perfect. The gyro was awesome- the meat was flavorful the tzatziki sauce ample. It's all served on a warm fresh pita. My husband remembered this place from his old fraternity days and says this place gets even better the drunker you get. 
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say this would probably still be a pretty banging gyro if you haven't overindulged on libations too...it was just  that good. 
We also had some spanikopita which came out piping out and was buttery and flaky. 
Bottom Line: The perfect accompaniment to all your activities on Bourbon Street. YUM!My friend and I stopped for a bite to eat while on Bourbon a couple days ago. I had the chicken shawarma wrap and she had the falafel wrap. Both meals were delicious! I highly recommend this little spot if you like Greek and Mediterranean food.Not fancy but the hummus and pita are perfect. Garlicky goodness so be advised ya may need a breath mint. ;) A must when visiting NOLA thoughReady for some late night? This shwarma was perfect! Reminds me of the best of late night doner kababs in the uk and seriously hit the spot. Grab a wrap and fries to soak up that 3 am slump and go for another 3 hours. The tzatziki is super on point.I don't understand what the big hype is... I got a chicken shawarma plate which is essentially a disassembled chicken shawarma wrap but it was $5 more? I noticed a review saying that the tzatziki sauce was actually sour cream which is possible but it tasted alright.  I could have spent that $12 on something much tastier.Awesome location, cheap Greek food, and late hours. Best falafel wrap I've had.Chicken shawarma wrap and falafel wrap we're amaaaaaazing!!  :D So good I'm going to order a second one and store it in my room for drunken snacking...Best Gyros I've ever had. So simple yet so delicious.  Don't let the little hidden establishment fool you. It's truly a hidden gem right off famous Bourbon Street. 10/10.Yay!  Awesome Gyro's!  I had 4 of them over a period of 4 days in New Orleans.  They are very fresh, the meat is super tasty and it's just enough sauce to go with it.  The guy that works at the counter is from Syria and is really nice.  There was a girl I met there that wanted extra tzatziki sauce and asked 3 times and the guy didn't charge for it.  It's only about 20 feet from Bourbon street and is definitely the best food if you're going to be drinking on Bourbon.Best and only gyros in the French Quarter. Pita bread was warm and soft, meat was hot and juicy, toppings were fresh and crunchy, and the sauce tasty as hell. $7.25 w/tax. Best food off Bourbon, drunk or sober...I have eaten here a ton of times on a late night out but I haven't been since they renovated the place. The food is good but the service needs help and the cash only thing isn't helpful. Conveniently enough the owner has a ATM machine that charges $3.99 to pull out the $10 you need for the meal. Food gets an A but that's about it. if you really want a deal go to Attiki near the House of Blues. They take credit cards and they respond when talked to.Fantastic price for a gyro wrap. Just a shade over $7 for a filling wrap
Right next to Pat O's
Open late
There's sriracha on the side. The pita is some of the softest I've ever had. The meat is tender.
My go-to when I happen to find myself on bourbonI heat here often, though I'm not convinced it's always a good idea. The quality is sometimes up and down a little (as the prices can be randomly sometimes), but all in all, it's a better option than pizza or a Lucky dog when you've been drinking and need something in your belly. 
 The gyro I will only order if I can look at the spit turning and see that the lamb is fresh. On a slow day, it can get a little dry. When it's good, it's pretty tasty, but when it's off, well; go for the falafel.
 The falafel is tasty and served with your choice of either hummus or tahini (they'll forget to ask and it changes based on who's behind the counter if you don't tell them).
 The walls are lined with photo's of the owner boxing and/or with famous people. Some of them seem like the celebrity in the picture is only vaguely aware (if at all) that the picture is being taken, so it's fun to scan through the pictures while you wait. 
This is fast, easy "street" food". If you go into it with that expectation, you (probably) won't be disappointed.the best gyro on bourbon and by the way one of the best in the cityThe chicken schwarma wrap is delicious! Perfect grab and go meal for walking around the French Quarter. My friends got the gyros and also loved them. Definitely worth a visit!This place opens in the evenings when the block off Bourbon Street for the night partying. I don't know what other people talking about but 10.95 (before taxes) for a gyro, fries, and a drink is a rip off.  The food is decent. It was somewhat cold despite the fact that it was wrapped in aluminum foil. Obviously, this hole in the wall is not so hole in the wall when the place is very clean and adorned with flat screen TVs. They must be doing well with all their drunk patrons.I was raised eating Mediterranean food and this is not how it's suppose to taste like. It was the worst Mediterranean food I have ever tasted plus they don't take cards at all. No wonder it was completely empty...Yum. This is probably my favorite quick dinner spot or late night drunk food spot in the Quarter. It's cash only, but they have an ATM. I usually get the chicken shawarma wrap, which is pretty good by my standards. It's not gonna light the world on fire, but you'll probably leave happy.Super fast, seriously great gyro for 7 dollars, right on Bourbon. Way better than the 6 dollar pizza you were gonna get!! Will come again.We ordered the gyro wrap and it was delicious!!! Best gyros off of Bourbon. Clean inside and the employees are friendly and seem grateful that you stop by. It was so good I forgot to take a picture of my meal lol. I'll definitely come here again!EXPATRIATES line up at off-peak hours on visits back to get their gyro fix;
GRUFF service but then look at what they have to put up with!
PHILLY CHEESE STEAK is addicting, and not just after a few too many.
I've lived near Ali Baba for years and often relapse into an addiction with their food, especially those first crisp days of autumn. Sure they can be gruff and a little slow but look what they have to deal with: argumentative drunks that can't utter their order understandably, then they indignantly expect to pay with credit cards despite large "cash only" signage.  I'm not a big gyro's fan but the generous Philly cheese steak is a perfect ooey-gooey tasty mess. The chicken shawarma is my second favorite both less than $10.  Oh yeah, there is a TV in the back but it's usually playing Al Jezeera news or a soccer match in Arabic.Oh man- if you see this little gem, stop and grab a Gyro! They are amazing, quick, and inexpensive. DelishSimply the BEST Gyro I have ever had.  The flavor and texture of the meat, pita and sauce were all excellent.  I wish I didn't live over 1,000 miles away.
Not much for seating, and the help was not very knowledgeable, but wow, they made a great Gyro.It was just what i wanted, late night meal with a lot of flavor. Grape leaves, gyro, and falafel, it was all good for a walk in and take out place. Thank you, happy i stopped to try it out.The gyro was delicious and didn't have a lot of sauce to cover the flavor of the meat. They only take cash but have an ATM machine inside.
They do need to make a few repairs like the bar stool that is completely covered in duck tape and the salt and pepper shakers that are wrapped in tape.Every NOLA visitor knows that moment on Bourbon Street when it's late, you've had a few too many, and sustenance is needed immediately! Hooray for Ali Baba! The Mediterranean food is a welcome change from they typical junk food in the area, and it is fast, tasty, and reasonable priced. I appreciate the ease of ordering from the big menus with pictures. I highly recommend the gyros for the hand-held convenience so you can scarf quickly and be ready to return to the party. I had the beef gyro, one friend had the chicken, and one had the falafel and all three of us were pleased! The place was clean and while not overly warm, the proprietor was nice enough. This joint will be my "go-to" late night refueling spot for future evenings of Bourbon Street debauchery.Best gyro in town! A homey, little place with authentic Mediterranean. Fries are decent.This is the greatest way to eat in the Quarter.  Save your money, open your appetite, and eat till your heart's content.  I have a huge problem calling any city a city unless they have gyro and falafel places like this.  It's the best way to balance health, cost, and taste.  This particular place is just wonderful on all levels.  It reminds me of a place I know of in Manhattan.  If you're closer to Canal Street, there's a similar place like this on Royal Street just near Canal.  But, if you're in the heart of the Quarter, come here.  Delicious.  Places like this revitalize my will to live and to live with a smile.