Very solid place!
They always have a great beer selection, and they rotate it often. The cured meats are good too, and constantly improving. Honestly, I feel as though each time I go there, the restaurant has improved food wise. I wasn't the biggest fan the first time I went there, but it gets better with every visit! Definitely try the gnocchi and the meatballs!
Also, at least last time I checked, they have happy hour from 9pm till close with $5 pepperoni and cheese pizzas!This place is awesome not only because of the pizza, but because of the exceptional customer service. I took my two young boys to eat here on a Friday night. My 3 year old insisted on holding to the to-go box with a whole pizza on it. I finally caved when not 2 minutes later the whole thing was on the floor! I was crushed. The waitress kindly asked me which pizza it was, and they made me a whole new pizza to go free of charge. You can't get much better customer service than that! Thanks Ancora!not wild about the food but it was definitely OK. the pizza is very euro- not much cheese. we also had an app-- mozzarella cheese coated in risotto rice and deep fried. i don't know. it just didn't taste as decadent as it should have...High quality ingredients and spot on flavor. Diavola is an amazing pizza. Crab gnocchi is solid, ice creams are solid, and great drinks. Can't beat Ancora for a casual meal.Had lunch here today. Awesome experience!  Great service and wonderful food.  Gnocchi stuffed with crab meat melts in your mouth.  Watermelon granita w/rum was one of the best drinks I have had a quite awhile.    Pizza will not disappointThis is a hidden jewel. From the friendly service (thanks Bren) to the wonderful aromas to the tasty cocktails, you'll be glad you ventured in!Sad to see Racer 5 exit the beer line-up, but happy to see the portions are more consistent than my first visit.
The service was on, the pizza delightful, and I was surprised at how comfortable it was to bring my kids as on the surface it just seems a little too cold (as in flat, linear, darker pallette) in design.
I do enjoy this pie more than Midway though my favorite is still a tossup between a Nor'Easter from Reginelli's or an Olivier from Cote' Sud.I live nearby and have been a couple of times.  Drinks are great and unique, the anti-pizza platter is always a great value and like Italy in my mouth.  Plus they support Hollygrove Market & Farm where I volunteer.  I'll keep coming, and you should too!This place is a damn shame. So highly rated and a real disappointment. The only plus was that the manager was really understanding and let us walk out... Thus earning the required one star. 
The Bianca pizza was so salty, and featured pickles, capers and some sort of pickled pepper and no garlic taste to be found. Salty cheese (reminiscent of Polly O string cheese) and acidic toppings. Yikes. 
The margherita sauce had no flavor and was so wet; leaving the crust with no structural integrity (I get what they're going for; but, I didn't want pizza soup.)
Similar style pizza can be found at pizza domenica or dolce vita which are far and beyond better bets. new york style at pizza delicious.  I will say this is one of the more disappointing meals I've had in New Orleans.. If you can call it a meal, only had three bites. 
Moral of the story don't trust everything you read on the yelp.In the Tour de Pizzas I've been doing around town (waistline be damned) I have partaken of Ancora several times.
I really enjoy it here. Not only is the service friendly every time I've been, but it's fast. Not so fast you feel rushed, but I haven't waited very long for my meal here.
As for the actual pizza fare, it's delicious. The four cheese pizza really takes the cake - harmonious flavors that rest on a Napoli-style thin crust. Thin crust is easy to mess up, but they specialize in that here, in case you didn't notice the centerpiece of their kitchen (the wood burning stove). It's kind of hypnotic to watch the pizza makers from your seat.
The burrata is also fantastic. I turned my dining partner onto that tasty little dish. Creamy with the right amount of crunch.
The only thing I'd kind of ding them for is the noise level. Sometimes it can get a bit loud but that has nothing to do with the quality of the food - just an observation.
With all the pizza competition in town, Ancora is a solid contender.Mmmmmm, pizza. What better food in a cold rainy day? Well any day for that matter. 
Even though they were getting close to closing, I was welcomed in with warmth and soon good my way to the bar. The friendly bartender suggested a few drinks, after finding out my tastes, and the happiness I was seeking soon ensued. 
The cocktails were tasty and potent, and the food quite good. The char on the crust was a bit strong, but nothing more than expected from a place that uses real wood. I chose the meatball pizza and it was just as delicious as the bartender implied. 
I was quite happy with my choice of venue for my evening meal and I will definitely be back.Was recommended to me by a local (as Id never been to Freret St) The menu was lacking and over priced. Though the small portion of gourmet pizza held me over til I could make it back to late night at St Charlea Tavern and we got good fast service... Overall I wish I had walked on down Freret and eaten at one of the many other places available. This wouldnt be where I would recommend going to get pizza.Best pizza in town. Great food and ambiance. Very open spaced seating. Gets busy at dinner time but service and bar are great if there is ever a wait. I very highly recommend this local neighborhood place for a good New Orleans pizza.All I can say is WOW...This place is good. The S/O and I were in the area visiting family and they recommended this place as it was close by.
 Soo glad we chose this place. Lots of good choices close by, it was a tough choice. It's street parking or they have a lot close by about a block away.
 Nice decor...rustic tables. Chalk boards with specials located around the walls. They built a special room towards the back where they cure meats inside the restaurant. Nice idea. 
 Wait staff was excellent with answers on the menu and never let our glasses run dry. We had the Anti Pizza Plate, which is this huge collage of menu items. Meatball and stuffed fried rice ball in this amazing tomato sauce. Garlic stuffed Shrimp, a platter with several varieties of bruschetta all topped with cheese, tomatoes. House cured olives, Prosciutto. Squash. It's pricey at $20 bucks, but it's a huge mound of food with a bunch of delicious choices.
 As good as all that was, it made us HAVE to try a Pie. They have this Pizza oven built in Italy and shipped here....OMG the pies are to die for...Perfect crust. Nice hint of wood aroma.  We had the Diavola...nice spicy meats and oil blend to make this a delicious pie.
 All and all a great meal, we will definitely return. That Oven make a really good Pie.This is my favorite pizza in New Orleans.  The best is the Enzo Diavola, a spicy salami pizza that never disappoints.  I also order the burrata and there is a great selection of craft beers.Great pizza and great cocktails. If you're visiting New Orleans and want to get away from the touristy partying crowd, hop in a cab and hit up this place. The bartenders serve up some great cocktails and the pizza was amazing. Highly recommend Ancora.Another Adolfo Garcia hot spot. This is in the heart of the Freret St food scene and a solid place to enjoy great drinks, beer and of course the neapolitan style pizza. I really enjoy there charcuterie plate as well as other daily specials.This is a cute trendy Authentic Italian pizza place in an up and coming area on Freret. I had the Aperol Spritzer and it was exactly like what you would drink in Italy at 5pm every day! For pizza I had the special for the day which was a bacon and egg yoke. It literally had a raw egg yoke cracked on top of the pizza. It was surprisingly good but had a really strong smoke flavoring since it was cooked in a real wood pizza oven. It was a little too much for me but the crust was really good also- very doughy and soft.  The menu was also very limited so my friend had the Margarita pizza which was pretty standard.
 Overall it was a good experience but I woudln't go back because there are too many better pizza places in new orleans. I MAY go back for another spritzer but thats it...To quote the website, "Ancora offers the first truly authentic Neapolitan pizza to New Orleans using a style that is hundreds of years old."  The oven was hand-crafted with materials from Mt. Vesuvius, and reaches temperatures of up to 900 degrees.  To keep with Neapolitan tradition, they bake the pizzas on the oven floor, and it only takes 45-90 seconds to cook.  Pizzas are made with flour, water, and sea salt only.  No commercial yeast is used, and the dough takes 3 days to prepare from start to finish.  Ingredients come from New Orleans markets or they're imported from Naples.
We were seated quickly and our friendly waiter explained the menu thoroughly.  It became evident that they take these pizzas seriously- there are many rules involved in making these authentic, and they follow all of them diligently (rules are on the website.)  We ordered the cured meat plate, and the chef came out to explain details of each one.  The flavors of each were very sophisticated.  We ordered 2 pizzas, the margherita and the daily pizza- both were perfect.  When I inquired about the oven, I was invited to take a look at it in action, which I thought was a cool gesture- they really do bake these things bare, on the oven floor- it's really neat to see, and all you have to do is peer over the counter to see it in action.
Service was friendly and very attentive.  The acoustics are not that great- it was noisy but tolerable, and it being only a Tuesday, I'd imagine the weekends to be very noisy.
Please note- this is anything but Americanized pizza- it's much, much more involved and sophisticated, so don't come expecting the expected.  If you're in the mood for a Chicago-style deep-dish, go to Midway down the street (love it.)  Keep in mind, these two places offer completely different experiences- it depends on what mood you're in.Kudos on Atmosphere and Alcohol: The Ancora Old Fashioned was superb!! The meatball pizza was just so-so, and perhaps not the best choice. I will have to return and try the Margherita which looked divine on a nearby table. Overall, I would recommend Ancora. It was quite an enjoyable evening. Of course that old fashioned may have had something to do with it!Neopolitan pizza like you'd get in Italy. The crust is more than a conveyance for toppings -- crisp and chewy and a great balance between yeasty and salty. On the margherita, the flavors are all so mild that nobody overpowers anybody else, and you can taste the quality of the ingredients. 
We also got the large meat plate, which featured several of the restaurant's home-cured salamis along with a nice cheese and a dried fruit spread. Delicious.o m g. Best pizza in the city. 10 year old sourdough starter as the base for all the doughAncora has been my favorite restaurant in the city for a few years. The commitment to quality food has remained consistent throughout the years. I love the simplicity and purity of the flavors. This is not a place where the food is drowned in various sauces and dressings. You taste every ingredient; you get the full span of texture and flavor. It's brick oven pizza at its absolute best. It's vegetables which have been cooked to perfection. It's creamy cheese, and a tasty cocktail. It's house-cured meats and a warm toasty crust.
The servings are best when you go family style- go ahead and share everything, order extra gnocchi with crab. There are standard menu items that have been delicious each time we've tried them. I recommend ordering from the chalkboard menu on the back wall. The salads are divine- made of actual vegetables, not lettuce and filler. They taste clean and wholesome. The arancini and the gnocchi just burst with flavor. Today's special pizza is sure to be only the freshest, high-quality ingredients. Whatever it is, order that one... and maybe one off the regular menu. 
You really can't go wrong with Ancora. It's not sauce and salt and things that are, well, brown. The food is as vibrant as the colors it comes in, as tasty as our local markets offer. You feel better having eaten it, not loaded down or stuffed to the point of guilt. It's food as food was meant to be served.You would expect pizza to take a long time to bake, but damn this one came out fast! The crust was soft, fluffy, and light with a nice char from the oven, which in itself looks like an art installation. The meatball was a solid choice, and could be a personal portion if you are bold enough. The décor is modern rustic, so you could take it casual or dress up a little. Overall, the pizza is a good choice, and it won't make you feel like a huge grease ball after it.
P.S. fior do latte is slices of mozzarella. Some pizzas don't have cheese, so choose wisely so you're not disappointed.So happy this restaurant is now open for lunch.   This is definitely one of the best wood fired pizza places in Nola.  The toppings may seem a little unusual but they couldn't be more "traditional Italian".Best pizza!  it's worth the money. Love their late night happy hour. Sooooo yummy!! Will keep coming back hereExcellent! That is how I felt about all of the food that was put in front of me that night. 
My friend treated me to an early birthday meal and I must say that it was the right decision to come here. The drinks were on point and really had a real homemade feel to them. The food was the highlight. I got the Quatro and wow! What a pizza to be had there. Between all of the cheeses and the sauce, I could not put it down fast enough. My friend got the Bruschetta with the olive topping and it was superb as well. Can not say enough about how the meal was amazing!
I hope to come back next time and try out the meatball and Diavola pizzas. Excellent food and excellent service, you can not beat that!Great food & excellent staff.  I lived in Rome for two years, and Ancora makes excellent Italian style pizza.  The margherita pizza and the arancini made me nostalgic for my time there.I was very impressed with how fresh the ingredients were and that most of it was from the local farmers market.  We are going back tonight!  What a treat!!!I am unabashed about asking for information. If I want something, I will put on a smile and go looking. In a restaurant, I will ask about where they source x, y, or z ingredient. I will ask about preparation. I will ask what something means. I will ask about wine, beer, or cocktails. I will leave no stone unturned. 
Ancora was ready for me, in that respect. We asked our server to define roughly half the menu; and he did so with panache. I asked about the nuances of some of the different cheese; he had a simple explanation ready for me. I wanted wine, but I didn't recognize any of the varietals on the menu so I asked the bartender (who wasn't slammed so I didn't feel a bit guilty). I asked and asked and asked, until I was happy with the answer. And Ancora's staff kept answering me. That pleases me. 
So why the emphasis on questions? Because Ancora has a learning curve. With a menu that relies heavily on Italian, it can get confusing. But see, Italian is a language with a number of very specialized food words so each nuance of cheese or meat has a name. This leaves us with a delicious precision in food preparation. I am happy with the precision because it means the flavors are carefully cultivated. 
We had two pizzas (the daily special and the Bianca), both delicious. Between three people, two pies and an app were enough to satisfy. Now, the trick with the pizzas we ordered was compromise. One member of our party doesn't like olives or capers, both fixtures on the Bianca pizza. She agreed to try it because she was out-voted...then she loved the pizza. I think that reflects strongly on the quality of the ingredients going into each pie. Another of our number doesn't love arugula on pizza, but she didn't mind picking it off if it was too much. There wasn't a leaf left on her plate, either. I was super impressed. 
There is no doubt that I would return to Ancora. I'd love to see the decor change a little bit and move away from using grey as the neutral. (Art historian moment: I feel like they need a warm neutral like taupe or soft yellow to really capture the creamy, soft, crisp vibe. Grey was too cold, too industrial, too "Chipotle-esque" for my eye.) 
And a note on the service: They seem to have ironed out the issues other, earlier reviews noted. I can see where the service would get thin, but everyone was where they should be doing what they should be doing tonight. It was like watching a beautiful bicycle being put through its paces. I really enjoyed the cohesive nature of the service, with management blending into table service blending into the bar blending into the kitchen blending into the pizza makers. It really worked. 
I want to give Ancora a 5 star review, but I also want to leave room for the place to grow. My fervent hope is that I will bump this place up to a 5 star joint with my next visit.
Accessibility notes: Door opens out. Fully accessible for mobility devices. Can get loud. No braille menu or signage.Couldn't live in the neighborhood and not come try out the two new restaurants on Freret. We started off with the bruschetta with roasted eggplant (the bruschetta changes daily), and the margherita pizza and a meat number with spicy salumi. The wood burning pizza oven is beautiful and the pizza tender did a great job with our pizzas. Crust thin, but not too thin, and crusty. I do believe they have the best tomato sauce I have tasted on a pizza. I felt the everything was reasonably priced and the servers attentive. All in all a positive experience.I don't often comment on my restaurant experiences but this one blind sided me. Tempura broccoli with shaved cheese and truffle oil?! Coming from SF, all I can say is that this is up there with State Bird Provisions. This is elevated Italian meets experimental.  Favorite new happy place!Seriously good. Got the special and was great. It's no keste but it'll do for nola. Their oven is seriously amazing though.. I'll have to take a pic next time.Really enjoyed the margherita pizza - nice chew, good bake. I was going somewhere else and walked past Ancora, and then turned around and came back. It was a great call. Had a nice IPA and a side of fennel salami. 
I was in town for work, but Ancora is definitely on the list for NOLA trip.Delicious pie.  Really friendly service AND you can get some pies at half off after 9pm.  This restaurant is well done.The only place in New Orleans with an oven that looks like a storm trooper's head, as the cook pointed out to me on the way out.  Cocktails were awesome and pizza was tasty , though a bit undersalted (the margherita, not the bianca).
Our server was super informative and attentive. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the marscapone and bread dessert. It reminded me of a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese. That said, it would make a good breakfast item if this place were a breakfast place.Amazing. Everything was completely fresh, even the olive oil. Atmosphere was very relaxing and everyone was amazingly friendly. It can be a little pricey but for the quality and freshness it's 1000% worth it. They also cure their own meat themselves. Definitely go here if you're a pizza lover.I was very excited about trying this restaurant.   Checked out the website for info and hours, menu etc.     Drove 1.5 hours and when we arrived we were told that they only had 4 sandwiches available for lunch.   Why wasn't this information mentioned on the website?    Very disappointed and won't waste the time or gas to give them a second chance.My friend brought me here, informing me that the cooks were sent out of America to learn how to do pizza the right way. Hand tossed crust, cooked brick oven fire style.
 I ordered the Fig Italian soda to start, which was so so so good! Be sure you give it a stir before you sip, all the sweetness is at the bottom.
We ordered the pizza which was on the special board... chard on a pizza? (I thought to myself) ... sounds interesting. Being adventurous I had to try it. 
Let me tell ya, this place knows what they're doing! Cute place, great food, friendly service.First off, if this review were solely based on the pizza I would give it 4 stars. I'm not an expert on Neapolitan pizza but have had pizza in Italy and I've also had what I considered good Neapolitan pizza in NY. Ancora's pies were pretty solid. No complaints really. The authentic Italian pies that I've had in general have been simple, rustic, and far different from what we Americans expect: greasy and cheese laden. 
So, having said that the food was good and authentic, I will move on to why only 2 stars for me. I'm not into the "you'll get what we give you and that's that" attitude. I don't really understand from a business standpoint how or why you wouldn't want to accomodate the people that are going to make you money and hopefully keep you in business. But, that's not really my business. They can run their business how they please. 
I just left feeling a level of pretension that I am not used to experiencing in New Orleans. 
So, 2 stars is for "Meh. I've experienced better." I'm not saying it's not good, but I have experienced better. Better pizza (to my liking) and better atmosphere, vibe, and value. 
Best of luck AncoraWent back last night. It was so delicious. We had the roasted shrimp, roasted squash, and quatro formaggi pizza. All were outstanding as was the service.My sense of the general ethic of the new Freret Street eateries is to make food correctly, in that it satisfies your highminded view of the craft, and let your audience adjust to you.  The first thing I did after walking into Ancora was get an up close look at that badass wood oven.  I said, "That is a sweet oven" to no one in particular, but it turned out I was within earshot of Jeff Talbot, who gave a beaming smile like I just complimented his first-born.  
Pizza is, or rather should be, all about the dough.  Ancora's is very good.  (I'd place a Mitt Romney-esque $10,000 bet that they're on a first name basis with their dough starter... if you take IOUs.)  Dough is not an afterthought, but should be pizza's centerstage. 
It all comes down to the magic of fermentation, which is why their salumi and pizza fit together like peas and carrots.  I have a soft spot for blood sausage, and I enjoyed Ancora's very much.  But it was their cured tenderloin that was my favorite of the night -- equal parts fatty and lean with generous saltiness.  I will definitely return for another fine Old Fashioned (with a very alluring house-made bitter), more cured meats and another great pizza. Good work.The absolute best pizza in New Orleans.  True Neapolitan style, so not typical US pizza. But unbelievably great. And the Quattro Formaggio has cheese sourced by the St. James Cheese Company- it is incredible!I'm stickin' with three stars. I'll be happy to come back and update my thoughts...
The over-the-top 'rules' about what you want on pizza is sort of a turn-off. i understand purity, but when three options are basically a margherita pizza with one extra spice, it's too restrictive.
Our server was fast and helpful. She knew all the right things to say, and was helpful for alternatives if something was not available. The only clunker of the night was my choice of wine. The rose featured on the wine list was flat and not that cold, and steep at $9.00 for a paltry pour.  
Also, the nature of the pizza does not allow for take-out. Within 5 minutes, the crust gets too wet for proper delivery, so stop whining.Most disappointing meal I've had in 3 years living in nola. The mint, strawberry and gin drink was too sweet and had way too much mint (burned my mouth like toothpaste) even after being remade once. The white pizza was way too salty and had pickles on it. The margaritas didn't have much flavor and was soggy. Also the menu is very vague with several items being "market price" including their one salad and bruschetta..... Really? Also no mention of their happy hour on the menu even though it's on their website.... Very strange 
This meal made me sad....... Sadder than the day my dog died. How about thatI went here "by accident" two nights in a row so this review will be longer than usual.  We were thinking of going to High Hat the first night, but we met some random people in the street who told us to try Ancora...so we did. The second night we went to Domenica's but it was a 45 minute wait and we were hungry so I recommended we go back to Ancora's. The first night they had us wait 5-15 minutes for a table when there was clearly an empty table in front of us and the second night they seated us almost immediately.
As for the atmosphere, the restaurant reminds me slightly of a warehouse, 
probably because there are little to no decorations. It would be cool if they paint up some cool font words explaining what the Italian words mean on the menu; example: fior de latte = mozzarella cheese or something better. 
They also have a wood burning oven that they allowed us to walk up to and look at. Double dome to keep the heat in and smoke out. Pretty cool. Supposedly it takes 2-3 minutes for the pizza to cook, but because it looked like there was only one guy making pizzas, the wait for the food took about 40 minutes anyway. 
Service wasn't bad. We had the owner, manager/bartender, and waiter come by to check up and answer any questions we had. Everyone was friendly and apologetic about the wait time. 
As for the actual food, it was delicious. Pizzas are all about the same size (11-12") and crusts are thin, crispy, but not dry. Sauce and cheese ratio wasn't overwhelming either. They have pretty simple ingredients on their pizzas, but the simplicity enhanced the flavors. We ordered the diavola (salami, mozzarella, chili, and tomatos) and margherita (basil...was the only ingredient I could remember, but it was still good) pizza the first night with a bruschetta ricotta cheese platter and the second night the same two pizzas plus the daily pizza. The ricotta cheese was super fresh and tasty. I kind of wished my friend who ordered it kept the olives on there because I want to see how it paired, but no olives. Daily pizza the second night was prosciutto which was, by far, the best but because of the amount of time it takes to cure the meat, isn't available all the time. It took them 9 months to cure it. 
Overall, I really like it, obviously since I've been back twice. Good stuff. :DVery familiar with gourmet pizza.  Very familiar.  This isn't a gourmet pizza place.  It seems to want to be though so maybe it'll be realized at some point. 
We started out with the Affetatti Misti. Not worth the $9. Thin slices of fat with a very small portions of meat  on each slice.  I then ordered the Diavola and it was decent.  Tomato sauce isn't fresh and the flavors weren't quite developed. 
Service needed some work as well.  After ordering appetizer and eating it I had to call the server over so we could order our dinner.  The other issue I had was the slicing of the pizza at your table.  It is very awkward for the customer to try and not be in the way of elbows.  Our table of 2 people was bad enough.  A table of 4 (as I watched a couple of times) was very crowded.  That can be done by the server before it is delivered to the table.If you are looking for traditional pizza, don't come here. if you want something unique for New Orleans, this is your place. In other words, this is not your father's Pizza Hut. I really enjoyed my dinner here. It was partly the great conversation and laughter with awesome friends at our little four top. It was also the great wine my wine gurus brought. But the food played a great part. As above, this is non traditional pizza. The crust is remakably thin and crunchy, the toppings creative and fresh. An example is the Maria, my favorite of the four we ordered --capicola, marscapone, arugula, and tomato sitting atop the aforementions cracker thin crust. Awesome! The puttanesca is an example of how unique this place is. No cheese! No 16 oz of flavorless Papa John's rubber patch mozzarella. The cured meat plate was a great starter too. This is a fun place I will def visit again.While there are a couple places around town for good pizza, Ancora is the most authentic Italian style that I've come across. The pizzas are simple, and they let the ingredients speak for themselves. Love the beautiful brick oven by the bar. The restaurant has a nice space, and it is always busy, but I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to get a table.
After they first opened, I was here constantly. I may have even gone three times in one week just because I was so excited to share it with different friends. The pizza is delicious and not too doughy. Get the Diavolo, it is spicy and full of flavor. The bruschetta is good too, the bread they use is amazing. I've also enjoyed the salads and a smattering of other things I've tried...
I don't really know what some Yelper complaints are about the staff because I've found them all to be incredibly friendly and helpful. Also, why is the bar tender so cute?! (seriously, even my boyfriend thinks so..)
Alas, the last couple times I've been in, my pizza has been soggy and almost inedible, but I've had so many amazing experiences here that I'm hoping these were just outliers, and I stand by my four stars.Wow...not sure what pizza other reviewers of Ancora have enjoyed but I was simply underwhelmed...I had been craving good pizza since torturing myself watching NY pizza competition on TV, so decided to give this place a try. Let's see, Tueday night, not crowded, and it was so loud we couldn't hear our server. We order  wine and a draft which we hadn't tried before and unfortunately these turned out to be the highlight of our dining experience. We ordered a meat plate to start, which was decent followed by Caprese salad, which was the precursor to the failings of this experience. Both the mozzerella and basil were tasteless, the claimed creole tomatoes, not tasty like any creole I've grown accustomed too...Unfortunately we also order the pizza of the day which featured of course tasteless basil, bland mozzerella, hidden garlic, and now chopped rather than sliced creole tomatoes. The pizza dough was chewy and had way too much burn taste associated with it. So like mexican food and BBQ, good pizza still seems to elude Nola.
PS Service was fine and very informative, so a non issue for us.
All in all probably went to Ancora twice..the first and last time.
SorryAncora is great. The pizzas are delicious with a thin chewy crust and the always perfect San Marzano tomato sauce. Appetizers are very creative and changing constantly. House cured meats and friendly staff are icing on the top. It may be noisy to other people but that's the sound of a successful restaurant. We love it!Just had a two Margherita pie takeaway as part of their Super Bowl special ($10 each).  Vaaa Bene - the staff was great while I waited - True Neopolitan pies worthy of their certification.Awesome pizzas! We finally found "real" pizza in new orleans. If you're fan of pizza with canned tomato sauce and a lot of though that you can eat with your hands, then go elsewhere. This eaten with knife and fork, the though is thin, and not crusty, and the tomato sauce tastes fresh!
Margherita and diavola were great! Staff is friendly and we got a good deal being there after 9pm. Definitely going back there!We had very high expectations based on the reviews and their website - maybe too high.
Service was great, we liked our waiter and he led us to tasty wine choices. But the deafening atmosphere made it hard to hear each other yell. 
The food itself was fine, not stellar as other reviewers experienced. The fact that neither of us remember any of our appetizers says something.
The pizza we found to be good but not great, and we caught ourselves missing #29 in the West Village. It was disappointing due to our excpectations.
So, maybe a bad night for the kitchen, maybe just not our style. We wouldn't return during a busy time, it was simply too painfully loud to enjoy.Fantastic authentic pizza in a casual yet stylish atmosphere. Ancora has quickly become one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. While Freret Street is not technically my 'hood, it is a very short trip and easily accessible.
Ancora not only has great pizza, they also make great use of local vegetables, either on the "Little Bite of Everything" anti-pizza platter, as contorni, or in market salads. They also have delicious, refreshing cocktails (and I have noticed that cocktails and wine pours have gotten larger since they first opened). As important as these things are, you're going for the pizza! The thin crust pizza is cooked in minutes in the imported pizza oven. It's so light, I could eat it daily. My favorite pizza is the Maria with capicola, mascarpone, arugula, and tomato. If this pizza is not on the menu, I'm also a big fan of the Bianca with Fior de Latte, basil, olives, garlic, and chili. I like their pizza so much, however, I would probably be happy with any of the choices. If you love authentic pizza, check out Ancora.I had an amazing experience dining here tonight. I like to frequent this restaurant whenever I'm looking for a good pizza with some delicious contorni! The food and ingredients are FRESH FRESH FRESH! It's a win win with great service and food!Ummmm ok so I realize we were eating dinner a bit early, but there were 7 people working with only us in there. The atmosphere is chill,... but it seemed like they were trying too hard at the same time.The whole reason I came was because I saw something about a Gnocchi special on their Instagram. Asked the waiter if it was big enough for two to split, and he said yes. 9 pieces of Gnocchi. Great sauce, good crawfish with them, but not nearly enough. Ordered a small pizza because we weren't full. Every one either looked very bored or like they were trying way to hard to look like they were doing something. Two people actually cooking and working the oven, two people possibly flirting/on their phones, one lady fingering the iced tea spigot.This entirely blew my mind! To be frank, I had sort of expected a fast food restaurant when first told about it, but the entire experience was fantastic. From the prosecco and st. germaine cocktail to the locally sourced meat sampler, the enormous arancini balls, the roasted sweet potatoes, to the buffalo mozzarella pizza, I have 0 things I would change. Perhaps come with more people so that I can try more things next time! 
A great place to take the parents or go on a first date, this place is casual, yet has a very high quality appeal to their food and drinks. Two thumbs up!Words cannot describe how absolutely amazing this place is. My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here last weekend. The food was on point and the staff went so for above and beyond the call of duty to make our experience everything we could have dreamed of. 
Many of our guests told us that the pizza was the best they'd ever had, and I regularly dream about the delicious arancini. The manager is a dream to work with, and we are so grateful for his hospitality!I can't think of a better dinner on a cold rainy night than a thin, crispy pizza and a good Old Fashioned. Lucky for me, Ancora can give me both of these things in the same location for a decent price. The decision to tote that pizza oven over here from Italy was certainly a wise one. The atmosphere could be a bit warmer and a little less noisy, but the casual dining and the neighborhood feel helps put the patron at ease when entering. I love that you can see the oven and watch as they make your pizza. Check out the board (although sometimes hard to read) for the specials, there is always something interesting to try. The fresh veggies that I get on my pizza or salad are always appreciated. And as mentioned before, their take on the Old Fashioned is one of the best in the city. Overall: Fresh veggies, quality cocktails, and thin, delicious pizza make this a great stop for dinner on Freret.Superb food. Most interesting pizza in town. Excellent drinks, wine, and beer. Very casual. Great bargain. They cure all of their meats in house. Very interesting Italian specials daily along with multiple choices of pizza.We went here for an alumnae group happy hour and we had a blast. We were not sure how many ladies would show up so the waitress pushed two tables together for 8 (it was pouring that day so we figured people would stay home). 
The manager (or maybe the owner) made a special blueberry mojito four our group and it was delicious. Every time our organization hosts a happy hour, the organization pays for the food/apps and the individual pays for the pizza. We ended up getting two pizzas.
The pizzas are the reason why this place got only 3 stars. The crust was good but everything else was pretty soggy. The first pizza we got was warm while the second was boarder line cold (we ordered the pizzas at two separate times). 
I would have liked to try some of the apps but maybe I will go back and taste them.Pretty good pizza but could easily become pricey. The waiters were very attentive and knowledgeable. They even sell cheese-less pizzas which are actually good. The restaurant is buzzing, so one may not be able to sit right away; however, the wait didn't seem long on a Friday night.As soon as you walk in you're greeted with a smile from all staff. Once you order, pizza is served quicker than you can take the first drink of the beer you just received. The pizza comes out from the wood fire grill and is sliced right at your table. The fresh ingredients topping the pizza give it a magnificent flavor and before I knew it my pizza was almost gone. Our party of four each ordered a pizza pie and we all shared and got to indulge in 4 different kinds of savory Italian pizza.Ancora is definitely the BEST pizza in New Orleans and I've tried pretty much every pizza joint in town. I'm so happy this place opened up because i was desperate for some real pizza. the crust has the perfect amount of wood oven flavor and creative topping combinations. Be warned!!! some pizzas do not have cheese on them. This may seem un-American but this is how the real italians do it. And if you're a cheese kind of man (or woman) they do have some cheesey options. The one thing that I felt was missing was a wide variety of fountain sodas.My Italophilia is well documented, but let my real gushing begin in earnest now. While I do thouroughly enjoy "American style" pizza (as my raves about Slice will attest), there is nothing like the real deal, pizza Napolitano. The most mediocre one I've tasted in Italy beats the best American for me, so my first visit to Ancora almost brought marinara tears to my eyes.
      My gal and I went for lunch (what a deal!) and before I get to the pizzas, let me give a shout out to a perfectly balanced salad of red sail lettuce with Grana Padano and a subtle citrus dressing. Delicious and the perfect guilt removal device for the utter devestation I wrecked upon my Pizza Bianca (Fior De Latte, olives, garlic, chiles & basil) which had wafer thin crust and a perfect amount of char along the edges. As good as it was, the Bianca paled (pun intended) to my sweetheart's textbook classic Margherita.
     Her pizza's crust was as flawless as mine, but the sauce and cheese balance transported me to Pizzaiolio in Florence, my brain fogging in a gustatory Stendahl's syndrome...and Ancora doesn't have the advantage of fresh  Mozzarella Buffula from Campagnia Italians take for granted.
    I can't wait to try dinner there for the (slightly) expanded menu options, but I can't imagine ever eating at Ancora and not devouring at least one perfect pizza.The pizza is very good; I like all kinds of pizzas, and this didn't disappoint. The flavor was great with the right amount of everything. I think when using an oven such as theirs it's easy to "burn" the pizza. I use quotations because what I think is burnt most people won't mind. I don't like a lot of black crust on my dough.
The service was okay - a little slow, but the server was nice. He said we could even go look at their oven, which was made in Italy. We went on a Saturday night, and there were so many kids! I don't really mind kids yelling and running around so much, but almost every table had a kid(s) with them.Food was great, our server was not.
Ticket said his name is "Server", lol.
Beard. 20s. Avoid.I've been waiting to go here for quite some time now and was not disappointed. This is how pizza should be. While I like the Americanized versions most are familiar with, these wood-fired beauties are far superior in texture, taste and joy.
Yes, I said joy!  When the Putanesca slice hit my palate with her salty garlic anchovie love I was transported into Italian heights.   
The dessert was a blackberry walnut toasted bread served with marscapone and honey. A wonderfully crunchy bite married in a bed of not-too-sweet cream.
We loved it and will be back!Our favorite pizza place and so much more. Brick oven baked, thin, fresh pizza. Nice bar and unique specials. The wait staff is top notch, and you're always seated quickly.Perhaps I'm not quite as refine as rest of the writers, or maybe I'm just more honest. I really wanted to believe this to be the best pizza in all of NOLA but that just is not the case. 
The pizza is a very rustic, traditional, Italian pie. What ever is on the menu is what you get...don't even think about asking substitutions or eliminating an item. All I could really taste was the burnt dough from the oven. 
The atmosphere was nice and led me to believe that the food would be great too. The service was A-ok, i found it interesting that utensil es were stored in a paint can in the middle of the table. I wasn't really a fan, considering I didn't know who was at the table last and if their hand grazed my fork. Another oddity, if you get ice tea, be prepared for no sweet and low, but a cup of sugar that will be promptly picked up and shared with another table. 
In the end I hope they refine whats happening at Ancora and they go on to be a bright spot on Freret for years to come, until then come see me eat'n pie at Theo's.this place has great food.   
we started off with a salad and medium meat plate.   they were both very fresh and tasted great.   The salad was a little pricey ($10) for the portion size.   it should have been bigger.   the med meat plate was perfect for 2.   it was reasonably priced at $12.
the wine by the glass should have a cheaper option.   No glass cheaper than $8 from what i saw on the menu.   I don't think this is fair.   For $9 i only got about 4-5 ounce pour.   I think they need cheaper options.
pizza was great.  awesome crust and fine fresh ingredients.   reasonable price too.
i really like this place, i just wish they had a happy hour or cheaper wine and salad options.   
service was very good.    
wonderful and originalI feel like I may need to go back and get some different things on the menu in order to really write a fair review here. I went with a group of people and we got the Diavola pizza, a bottle of red wine (I forget which one), and the meat appetizer plate. 
Now, it's hard for me to take "fancy" or "pricy" pizza places very seriously but I appreciate the whole "quality pizza made from wholesome and simple ingredients" theme they are going for. 
Visually it's very stunning. The service was great. The pizza was...ehh...just ok. All the descriptions of their pizzas on the menu left something to be desired. Most of them only have 3 toppings/ingredients involved so don't expect anything terribly filling here. We actually requested some calmatta olives and red pepper flakes on the side just to give our pizza a little extra something.
However, I WAS eying a girl next to me eating the Margherita pizza and it looked MUCH more appetizing than my Diavola. My gut was telling me to rate this place 3 stars based on my experience with the food, but the more I investigated the menu during my meal the more I realized I should probably have gotten something different. But ya know...it's hard to please everyone in a group sometimes.
I'd definitely go back for that Margherita pizza and maybe some cocktails. I think that might be where it's at!I have to confess that we only came here because we couldn't get a table at the more famous place in Magazine. I'm SO glad we did. 
The pizzas are inventive and true to the type we have had in Italy. In addition, the service was spectacular.THIS PIZZA. IS. LEGIT. That is all I have to say. They have some great cocktails, salads, and other specials, but I always come around to the classic Margherita pizza, and I never regret my decision.
The service can be slow at times even when the place is super empty, though, so don't go if you're too hungry to have an ounce of patience.If one word could describe my experience at Ancora, it might be "meh". 
My boyfriend and I decided to split the market salad, cured meat plate, and a margarita pizza. Simple enough. Well, the ingredients in the market salad aren't listed on the menu (neither is the price), and the waiter didn't inform us of what was on it. I glanced at the specials board and noticed that the salad contained melon, which I am very allergic to. We asked the waiter if he could substitute tomatoes for the melon, and he said that the restaurant doesn't do substitutions of any kind. Really?! I understand a complex dish where every ingredient is essential, but a pile of arugula drizzled with olive oil can be easily changed. Come on. 
The cured meat plate was divine, and it was served with peppers and a cherry hot mustard sauce. Unfortunately, the plate arrived before our drinks (water + a beer) did. Our waiter was inattentive throughout the meal, but the proprietor seemed nice and walked around the restaurant all night. 
The pizza was okay. The sauce was too watery, but the crust was nice, and the flavor was there. Could have probably used a little more cheese as well. The BF thought the crust was too soft, and if you're going to use a wood burning oven, you need a crispy crust. The waiter also walked up to our table, stood there silent for 30 seconds, and then pulled out napkins from a holder at our table and gave them to us when we were mid-meal and clearly had napkins. Weird. 
When our check arrived, the waiter had forgotten to take off the $9 salad we ended up cancelling. Oops. 
I will go back to Ancora to get another cured meat plate and try the other pizzas (and a cocktail!). I know they're a new business and need time to get their stuff together.The pizza here is very old school and traditional style.  The crust was very good but the flavor of the toppings left a great deal to be desired.  I had the margherita pizza and I found it to be very slack in the basil area.  I would have to say that this was one of the blandest pizza's I've EVER had but the crust was fantastic so that it evens out to about a 3 star pizza.  Pizza Delicious makes a far more fantastic and VERY flavorful margherita so I would greatly suggest that one over the version at Ancora.  The service was acceptable and my pizza came out very fast.  Ancora also makes all their cured meats in house but they seem to focus only on the pig to the exclusion of all other meats.  The price for their one available (and small) single serving size of pizza is way too much for what it is.  I would be willing to pay around $5 (like at happy hour at Domenica for very similar pizza) for this size and type of pizza and certainly not the $13 price.  I probably won't be returning here as I find it extremely over priced for the very simple, basic, and cheap food that it is along with the bland toppings (at least for the margherita).A welcome break from those deep dish doofuses! Idk why we're even eating d.d. pizza at this point when thin woodfire oven pizza is obvi way yummier and chill. 
The interior of ancora is right purdy, with a generous view of the blue mosaic oven and kitchen! We ordered a margherita ($13) and the special, a mascarpone arugula and cappicola pie ($18). Imho a pizza restaurant should be able to stand by its margherita, and this one did not disappoint. The dough was fantasticc, crusts were a highlight just a little salty a little sour and lots of that smoky woodfire taste! The special felt less coherent but I'm also not so into the ~pie with greens and cured meat added post-oven (too often the subtler flavors of the meat are lost to the cheese, dough, etc). Our service was friendly and professional and we were seated quickly! Of course there could be a server who isn't friendly there but we didn't meet them! Also if it were busier or a weekend maybe we wouldn't have been seated as quickly. But as they say, c'est la vie!This place is okay. Ordered 3 pizzas, an appetizer, and drinks.  
The pizzas were average and were a bit burnt (fire oven was expecting this a bit). Other than the burnt bits the flavor was very good (The Special was a pulled brisket that reminded me of a very good roast.)
The appetizer was a bit underwhelming. Ordered the peach and acorn pancetta. It was peaches with ham. No crackers, nothing, just peaches and ham.  And just a bit awkward. 
The drinks were great. A bit pricey (not overly) but fresh and crisp.The pizza here is ok, but thats ok,  its half off after 9pm!  The atmosphere is nice and the staff are really helpful and accommodating. Their pizza isnt bad, but they are a little skimpy with the toppings.