Heard a lot of hype about this place, but from my experience I can tell you it wasn't worth it. When I went in to the store they only had one type of cannoli in the showcase and the filling in the sfogliatelle that I got was completely dried up. Maybe I'll give it another chance but I'm not going to go out of my way to go to a place that serves old pastries.I have had gelato at many different places in New Orleans.  The ambience is amazing.  The staff is always friendly.  I've been going there for years, and I never get bad service.  Only good service.
And the gelato.  I'll be honest. Brocato's bought gelato to life for me.  I love it.  My favorites are Tiramisu, Rum Custard, and much more.  It's a must visit. 
And I promise, once you go once, you will be addicted to this places.I loved everything about this old school spot.  The desserts and the spumoni were fantastic. They also had Roman Chewing Candy which I had been looking for across the city.There is a reason that this little Italian bakery is the best restaurant in New Orleans.  Everything is amazing.  Tira mi su, gelato, hot chocolate,  cheesecakes, & pastries... You cannot go wrong.   
The spumoni is a must try.  Don't be afraid of it!
   There is almost always a line.  You may have to park around the corner or down the street.   It's worth it.This local gelato place has so much character! I love how the inside is old time-y and very quaint. Really brings out New Orleans. Gelato here is very good and fresh. The flavor is so different from what you'd get elsewhere. The pastries are so delicious as well! My favorite dessert is the spumoni, which consists of various flavors of gelato wedged into a single slice (kind of like cake). Definitely come here if you're craving for something sweet. You won't be disappointed.Amazing gelato for a decent price. The large, which comes with four flavors is around $5. If you get the small, you get to choose two flavors. I got the hazelnut, the strawberry ice, the mocha, and a flavor that tasted similar to banana. I got to try the pistachio and it was pretty good too! If you're looking for a delicious, decently priced dessert place, I definitely recommend going here. Each gelato hit each flavor right on the dot, the mocha flavor tasted just like a cup of mocha coffee and the hazelnut was perfectly creamy with pieces of hazelnut in it. I am in love with this place!If you don't eat anything else sweet in New Orleans, you MUST visit Angelo Brocato. 
I would happily park a mile away and wait in line forever for one of their cannolis.  The napoleon is equally out of this world, along with the hazelnut gelato.  
Cannot wait to come back to enjoy this special place again!Cannoli please!  They fill the cannoli when ordered so they won't get soggy. They are so good, I am drooling while typing this review!  Also, don't forget to pick up a pint of Italian ice.  I like the lime, but they are all really good. They have other assorted desserts and ice cream.  My husband likes the tiramisu, too.Angelo Brocato is a great place for everyone that has a sweet tooth. 
The place is cozy and although I know nothing about traditional Italian places, it seems pretty legit to me. They also have one of those pretty impressive mega coffee machines.
I have tried the gelato, tiramisu and eclairs.
I really liked all of the things I have tried. The cantaloupe gelato was my favorite.
The staff was not necessarily super friendly, but I did like the place a lot.
I would go back when I visit NOLA again.Came here twice on my trip to New Orleans. Both times the service was top notch they have just about one of everything Italian dessert wise. First time tried some Italian ice cream cakes and wow perfect on a hot day. The cannolis were amazing two kinda of filling vanilla and chocolate dipped in pistachios. Will go back anytime I am in New Orleans. Glad I found it on YelpStopped in last week after grabbing some tacos next door -- lured in by the promise of authentic spumone and the scent of nostalgia. 
Feeling inspired by the season, I, like the reviewer before me, went for the Pumpkin Gelato.  it was AMAZING.  Pumpkin-y, but not overwhelmingly so-- with a delicate balance of cinnamon and spice.  My boyfriend had a slice of Spumoni which he thoroughly enjoyed.  Also, the prices were very reasonable. 
Can't wait to go back to try the almond cheesecake, a cannoli, or whatever it is that's shaped like a swan.A large cup of gelato gets you four flavors (four scoops)! It's only about 6 bucks so it's a great deal that allows you to sample what you want, and it's a lot of gelato so definitely get it to share.
My boyfriend and I got coconut, tiramisu, rum raisin, and stracciatella. All four flavors were great. Probably one of the best gelato I've ever had! 
We also split a mini cannoli. They make it fresh behind the counter when you order it. The cream filling was super rich and decadent, and the cannoli shell was just the right amount of crunch and thickness. Probably also one of the best cannoli I've ever had! 
The other desserts on display all looked really cute and I would definitely visit again to try some.One of the best dessert stops around! No complaints. Excellent service and even better products. Must try!Best gelato ever!!  Ride the tram up to Carrollton and then walk  2 blocks. The line is out the door. Everyone I talked to said it is the best in New Orleans. We went 2 times in the week we were there. Worth the trip.We always stop and get our Cannoli for special occasions! 
Service is always good, love everything 
Best in city !No trip to New Orleans is complete without a stop to my favorite little shop. I was so full before I arrived, I could only grab a coffee, gelato and mini cannoli. Always worth the hassle of the drive from another part of town and circling a few times for a parking spot. I almost bought a to-go cannoli kit.... but I didn't have a cooler on me and I had hours to drive still.  I forgot to ask for a cannoli without the chocolate (personal preference from a childhood in central NY), but it was so delicious, I didn't care. The interior is so cute I wanted to sit and rest with a cup of coffee for hours.I luv This Place, one of my favorites! Im glad my ex introduced me to it lol. I cant tell you whats the best here bc honestly everything they have taste good. Its Definitely a place to try after lunch!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! 
Through hurricanes and all the place has not changed one bit and that is what makes it so perfect. The cannolis, gelato, coffee, macaroons, Italian cookies are some of my favorite treats, which makes it very hard to pick just one or 2 items per visit.  
I have memories of coming here as a kid after school and ordering a spumoni and cafe au lait (I had very advanced taste buds at the age of 6), some of my best childhood memories. I guess that's why if anyone doesn't like this place I instantly cast them as unlovable and eliminate them from my life.This place is amazing if you haven't been here you are missing out big time clean freshest yummiest sugary Italian sweets ... People are nice clean bathrooms cheap prices ... I had the best time cannot wait to go back ... It's worth having to walk or drive around until you find a place to park ..I have always really enjoyed the ice cream here.  Great selection of ice cream and gelatos to choose from on a hot day!   The atmosphere is great as well.Even though I only recently moved to the city, I have been coming to New Orleans for over a decade now. I was kind of shocked that I had never heard of Angelo Brocato until this pass weekend. So Sunday was my first time getting gelato and some other goodies at AB and rest assured it won't be long until I go back. They have perhaps the best selection of gelato in the city and a plethora of Italian goodies, such as homemade canolies, spomani, and other pastries. They also have the coolest espresso machine I have seen in a while to satisfy your caffeine cravings. The staff was helpful and friendly and the price point is spot on for the quality of the desserts and beverages. The only drawback was the line that was monitored by a police office that only lets people in the building when there is enough room, in other words, it was packed! Very good Italian dessert venue which I highly recommend.Cannolis!!  Cannolis!!  Cannolis!!  These are amazing.
But FYI, you are stuck taking the canal streetcar afterwards, unless you have a car.  We needed a taxi & it took us almost an hour to get one, despite calling 3 different cab co's.I absolutely love this place. I'm sure somewhere in Italy there are better gelaterias and pasticcerias. But there aren't that many in the U.S., and very few on the level of the 110 year old Angelo Brocato.
Every time I go I get a gelato, and every time, a different suite of pastries. They're all perfect, mostly traditional, and with all of the favorites you might expect.If you notice there's always a line out of the door here, there's a reason why. Such a classic spot in Mid-City. Their cannolis are just beyond belief delicious. The only bad part about coming here is trying to decide what to get.Stopped by for a snack while exploring mid-city.  Was really impressed by the quality of gelato and baked goods.  I lived in Italy for a few months and everything tasted similar to what I had there.  Got the straciatella, which was nice and chocolaty! 
The best thing I got was the sfogiatelle, which is a shell shaped pastry with a sweetened ricotta filling.  This was one of my favorite things to get when I was in Rome and they are difficult to find in the states.  We went into Angelo Brocato for the gelato, but when I saw this pastry I had to try it and I was not disappointed! I was brought back to Italy when I took the first bite! Delicious!!!One word: Gelatoccino. It's a cappuccino with a scoop of your choice of gelato plopped in. It's my normal order when I go to Angelo Brocato's in Mid-City. 
From Gelato to pastries to coffee, this is the place to go to have a delicious dessert. Sure it's not as frilly-looking as Sucre, but who wants over priced Gelato from there when you can get far-superior gelato for a better price here. I love going to Brocato's and hanging out with friends, sitting at the cute little old-fashioned ice cream parlor chairs and enjoying my favorite desserts. It's a great neighborhood gelato joint that won't put a huge dent in your wallet like some other places.Absolutely delicious !  Everything we had was amazing. Gelatos were outrageous...Baci had so much crushed hazelnuts, pistachio was fresh and nutty, strawberry was seedy and aromatic, chocolate was creamy yet not too bitter, Spumoni was a wonderland. Then we got to the pastries...almond fig, coconut macaroons, tiramisu and rum cake. Sugar Heaven !One of the best cannoli's I've ever had. From NYC, staten island, south florida, and even Italy, this ranks as one of the top in my book! Excellent tiramisu! Parking is tough and when I went there was a bit of a line. It would not stop me from going back. Great spot!! Can't wait to try the gelato!My favorite ice cream parlor in New Orleans!Just by reading through the first couple of reviews I can see that the highlights have been hit, so I am going to lay down an insane compliment.  Here goes:
When I move out of New Orleans, Angelo Borcato will be the only place that I will miss on a regular basis.  
Sure I'll pine for other places every once and while, but it's like Angelo Brocato sat me down at some point in my life and asked me what my favorite things about dessert are and then just said "Sounds good to me" and built his cafe to my specifications.  
Print this out and order this when you go in
Espresso 
Almond Crescent cookie (x2) 
Pistachio Cannoli (x2)
a qt of Gelato
fig cookies (x12)
dead man's bones (I'm actually not crazy about these, but I love the way they look)
Then take these items to some other trendy dessert spot and eat them in full view of everyone else there.  They will be so jealous and you will be the dessert winner.We were only in NOLA for four days and we went here twice! It's that good!
Their cannoli, spumoni, and baked Alaska were really good. They have other stuff on their menu I couldn't pronounce properly but I'm sure they're delicious. Will definitely try them when we come back. Make sure to drop by here if you're in the area!Delicious gelato! Love the atmosphere! Definitely a family favorite! Recommend to be patient because the lines can tend to be long at times.i ordered a cone with white chocolate almond gelato and it was AMAZING , i of course had to try a cannoli because i heard this place was known for their cannolis. Truth be told, i don't like cannolis and this one didn't change my mind. But that's not their fault it's just not my thing. I'm from out of town and it took a while to get to this place but i'd do it again for their gelato.This is a small dessert place and it's a great place to stop by after going to the art sculpture garden especially walking in that heat. These desserts looked delicious! My boyfriend and I decided to stop by here first before dinner. We decided to try the rum babas and the tiramisu gelato. To be honest, I didn't expect it to be so sweet. I wish it had less sugar, but I really like the rim babas. It had a very unique texture that's not similar to other cake. Maybe its due to the syrup or rum. I recommend trying the dessert that you never try before! It will be worth it!In the torrential downpour, we got of the cable Car past the Walgreen's drug store and wandered to Angelo Brocato Ice Cream, the famous gelato eatery near City Park. Angelo Brocato was on my NOLA hit list for a while now not only for gelato, but for their Italian pastries.
There were so many flavors to choose from including amaretto, praline, pistachio almond,  baci, coconut, and apricot.Angelo Brocato pastries including cream puffs, Baba Rhum and napoleans.
The cucidati and fig cookies were absolutely amazing. They were either plain, covered in sugar glaze, rainbow sprinkles or almonds.
Cucidati is an Italian fig cookie and the better version of the Nabisco Fig Newton. Boy have I been missing out. The soft, lightly sweet fig filling with a crumbly lightly sweetened exterior.
Roman candy is like a harder taffy candy rolled in wax paper, which comes in ice cream flavors vanilla, strawberry and chocolate. 
Peach gelato was THE BEST gelato I have ever eaten. The peach flavor was so fresh and a genuine bite of summer.  I felt like was eating a perfectly ripened, sweet peach.as u step into heaven... u stand upon a floating cloud til it tis your turn to order..then they ask may i help u..and hard as it is to hold back and scream "I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH" u get yaself together and politely ask for a small pistachio almond gelato & baba rhum & step to the side - they hand it to you & ahhhh u  stand with that glaze over your eyes which they sense and ask..would that be all..and again though u want to put on your best Samuel L Jackson voice and scream "I said I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH" u humbly say ah no thank you - pay & walk away satiated..only to hear the person behind u yell..."I want one of ERETHING U GOT in DIS BIATCH"I came here for the gelato and got something that resembled it.  I did have the real thing in Italy, so I know what it should taste like: bursting with flavor.  Can't speak much about the other desserts.  Service is great, but if you have ever had the real thing, the gelato here will leave you underwhelmed.   No bueno. :(Best cannoli in New Orleans! The pistachio gelato is even better! This place is a must try for any tourist or local. The inside is so cute and makes you feel like you just stepped into a bakery in Italy. I always feel guilt free after eating because everything is just so light and delicious. Writing this review makes me realize I need to go here today. 10/10 you must try and become a regular.osso dei morte, the All Saints Day cookie that translates as "Bones of the dead." They can have almond, lemon, anise or cinnamon flavors.  Brocato's cookies look like bones.
Italian Strawberry Ice - made with Ponchatoula strawberries.  Delicious.  (Just missed out on Blood Orange Ice.Scene: one ice cream loving, napoleon-munching, cannoli-craving MAN (late 20s, certified "snack cat")and his VEGAN PARTNER (me, also a certified "snack cat") walk in to ANGELO BROCADO (a parlour of delights right out of the movies). They've been before, when the VEGAN wasn't allergic to dairy. The MAN once went every day-sometimes twice-before they lived here. CASHIERS hum and buzz behind the cases.
MAN: It's cookie time
VEGAN: I'm not getting my hopes up
/a sigh/
VEGAN: I hope you enjoy whatever you get
/looks lustily at a sprinkle fig cookie/
VEGAN:Maybe it'll just be coffee for me
CASHIER: Hi! What would you like?
VEGAN, dismally: Is anything vegan?
The CASHIER consults a heavy tome, pointing out one...after another...after another...and more? Biscotti, dead man's bones, even those sprinkle cookies?! It's enough for a real plate of cookies!
VEGAN: I'LL HAVE THE LOT 
MAN: And a custard ice cream please :3
SCENE
tl;dr Ask what's vegan and you 100% won't be disappointed! Make sure to get a coffee with your biscotti, it comes in a perfect sized cup to be an afternoon lift.So many yummy choices in desserts! We got the Neapolitan that they had just set out in the display case. It was layered with puff pastry and custard with an icing on top. We also had praline gelato and pistachio gelato! Both were great!I am not the first to say this place is amazing, and I won't be the last.  The gelato here is amazing- I had the Praline flavored one, and I think the people with me were jealous that I ordered it when I let them try (don't tell them though).
I ordered a few cannolis (chocolate and vanilla flavored) for the group, and wasn't as impressed as I remember in the past.
The atmosphere is great here.  They have little chairs with a heart-shaped design  and cute round tables which make the experience that much better.
Be sure to go.Awesome Italian sweet shop, reminds me of the shops on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx.
Cannoli, cookies, spumoni, gelato, cappuccino, latte ... They got it all.Hands down the best Napoleons and gelato in the city! My husband comes here 2/3x a week to get Napoleons! Amazing. Keep up the great workHands down the best cannolis in America! We've been eating here for over 30yrs and we keep coming back!  There's nothing here that's not wonderful!Great gelatos! I've been complaining about the éclairs in this city a lot... Brocato makes them just right.I've been going to this place since I was a child. Great memories. I love it and always will! Their gelato is amazing, and I'm obsessed with their cannolis! If you haven't been, try it out! It's a whole experience to visit.This is the most darling place. The gelato/espresso is amazing!!!!!! The cannolis are also wonderful. My favorite part was seeing all the locals enjoying their treats and reading the newspaper. Perfect for a Sunday afternoon.I almost don't want everyone to know about this amazing gelato. We hit this place for dessert after a delicious dinner at Venezia. The seasonal flavors are a must!What can I say....truly New Orleans landmark.  It's italian gelato come on how can you go wrong.This is one of the best places to get desserts in New Orleans. Honestly, the only thing that keeps me from going weekly is the 40 minute bus from my house. I loved the mint gelato and my tiny chocolate cheesecake, and it's fun to browse the adorable little desserts. 
Unlike Sucre, where the deserts look excellent but taste just okay, Angelo's are better than they even look.Amazing place about a block from where I live. I really don't go there enough given how close it is. Only tried some of the ice creams and tiramisu so far, but plan on going back to work my way through the other delights. Although it is really very good, I think I prefer Creole Creamery for ice cream, but only just. That's no reason to not go to Brocatos though.Giant proportions of delicious gelato
ORDER:
Tiramisu gelato - small - in cup
$3.50 inc. tax
The cup was filled with a tall dollop of gelato towering above unlike so many gelato/ice cream places. And I savoured every spoonful of it! The tiramisu had a nice rum and coffee taste to it, and there were big cubes of soft ladyfinger. Yum!
If I came as a group, I would have loved to try to baked goods. They looked delicious!
AMBIANCE: Warm (not temperature-wise), open Italian-styled palor with garden-like tables and chairs. There were a few outlets along the walls, so I managed to squeeze in an hour of work. It's very peaceful (not noisy at all) around 3 pm on a Wednesday. They took credit card, which is great. No wi-fi.
SERVICE: Fine
VISIT DETAILS: Great place to spot after checking out City Park, esp. on a hot day, as was my case.The desserts worth 4 stars, and we are adding 1 star unofficially because we saw John Besh there. 
The cannoli was awesome, the best I've ever had. And we got the spumoni and another small cup of gelato. They were all awesome. While enjoying our sweets, we also enjoyed seeing everyone place their attention on seeing John Besh. We saw him on food network, but never thought we would see him in reality. He was there as a customer enjoying gelato with his family. He talked to almost everyone in the store too....don't know if it's him knowing everyone, or everyone knows him. 
I wanted to go back for a second time for the cannoli before leaving NOLA but there was no time to do that. I am missing the cannoli already.Nice little "old New Orleans" place in Mid-City. Friendly people, great coffee and delicious desserts. Gelato is a must-try. Italian pastries to die for. Go on an off-day, or you're spending time in line.Two words: Spumoni Cheesecake. Two more words: Get it! Seriously, I love the vibe, love the gelato and the spumoni cheesecake is to die for good. The first time I went there with a coworker and the spumoni cheesecake called to me. I didn't intend to have anything, but it spoke to me. I got it to go and proceeded to shovel huge bites into my mouth while I was finishing up my work at 8 p.m. on a Tuesday night. I had to apologize to my coworker because I fully intended to share with him, but couldn't stop myself. Sigh.OMG!! SOOOOO Good! My only complaint is that I didn't get enough before headed back home to Houston.  :(
I love you guys! Everything was so yummy!I wish I wasn't so full so I could have tried more things but I had to squeeze in a little dessert after a large lunch on my last night in New Orleans. I didn't like the cannoli...it was kind of hard and the filling was whatever. I'm not usually big on cannoli in the first place so i'm not sure why I got it. I loved the gelato however!If anybody tries to tell you this is not THE best ice cream in New Orleans, they are not from New Orleans. Angelo Brocato is an Italian gem that has thrived for many generations here, and they are worth all the hype. Whether you like authentic New Orleans pastries, gelato or traditional ice cream, you won't be disappointed here. They absolutely have the best chocolate ice cream called St Joseph's chocolate Almond. It may be the most delicious chocolate food to ever grace my pallet. I adored it so much when I was pregnant, that whoever made up a pint for my friends picking it up for me, always asked if they were bringing it to the pregnant lady. Yes, it's that good!After a walk at City Park, the rum raisin and caramel cafe au lait really made my day. The flavors were rich but not overpowering. This is definitely a place to check out if you have time. Added bonus: There was no line when we went! 
This is right off of the St. Charles Streetcar line. Makes a tourist's life easy =)I love everything about this place. The tradition, the recipies remind me of my childhood. The italian ice is always refreshing and some of the items can't be found anywhere else like the spumonie.Very old-school Italian-style bakery. Hubs and I went for gelato (because we eat ice cream everywhere we go) and cannolis. The cannolis were pretty good; ricotta is not really my thing, so, it wasn't my very favorite, but you gotta have one, right? The gelato was disappointing. Hubs had chocolate hazelnut that didn't taste much like hazelnut; I had praline, which... meh. It really just tasted like okay-quality butter pecan. 
I also felt like we were bothering the lady who helped us, and I hate feeling like that when I go somewhere. I wanted to get a beverage, but I didn't want coffee; however, our service was curt bordering on mildly hostile, and I didn't want to ask her if they had water for sale. I ended up walking down to the Walgreen's afterward. 
This is a NOLA staple, it seems, but as an out-of-towner who didn't grow up coming here, it left a bit to be desired.Angelo Brocato's harkens back to a different era. You can miss the antique espresso machine that glimmers with shinny cooper as you order your gelato. Great spot for a quick treat and a good place to reconnect with the past.5 stars every time! the cannolis are so divine. brought 4 home to see my parents and they devoured them. we tried the roman candy and it was too tough for my teeth... I also had a latte which was very tasty.Cute little place. Nowhere to sit outside and enjoy frozen treats and they "don't do toppings here," I was informed when I asked for chocolate chips for my sorbet. Three flavors of sorbet were available for dairy-free kids, but coconut gelato is sadly not dairy free.After driving by this place hundreds of times, seeing long lines time after time, and reading awesome reviews, I finally decided to give this place a try. Did not disappoint!! I ordered the Spumoni which was Devine. Perfect combination of pistachio, chocolate, cherry, and vanilla. My husband ordered the Sicilian pistachio nut gelato which gave us instant foodgasms. I'm salivating as I write this review thinking about it in fact. Overall, Angelo Brocatos definitely lived up to everything I had heard. Next time I'm feelin like a fatty, I will be paying them a visit.Love this place. It is a part of my childhood memories. My family every year for Mardi Gras gets a box of their awesome canolis. They are the best I've had. I was surprised when I went to Little Italy in NYC and was disappointed because they weren't as good as Brocatos.
You should also not miss their espresso (pressed, not steamed) and gelato. Just note that seating is limited, so you may need to take it to go!A solid 5 star sweet shop! Wish I could come here once a week, just for the gelato.Its everything I want in a bakery - friendly service, amazing bakery, and (very important) high quality coffee.  Had the anise biscotti, almond paste filled pastry, oh yeah and they make their own cannoli shells.  Of course we needed one of those too!
I have never experienced perfection in a bakery like I did here.
I believe they are closed on Mondays so just remember that.  Worth the trip, they also sell gelato, but I could not quite justify that for breakfast :-DGelato was great, but Torta Della Nonna was pretty good too. It tasted a little like lemon meringue, but it was more solid and filling. Plus it had a sweet subtle taste to go along with a crispy crust. The crust definitely was excellent, one of the best I've had for any cake or custard. While gelato is good, I can't say there's a significant difference that separates this place from other good gelato places. That said, you can't go wrong here.The atmosphere of this place is perfect..old school Italian ice cream parlor without being cheesy. The service was fantastic even tho they were super busy. My boyfriend got his fave: spumoni, while I got the cassata (spumoni with cake and candied fruit pieces). The boyfriend also got a double espresso. He was impressed with their espresso machine (it is really pretty). I can't wait to go back and try some gelato and cannolis!I thought these Cannolis were excellent. We stopped at an Italian place close by (which was terrible) and they were out of cannolis. I was disappointed at first but it lead me to Angelo's, which provided a delicious 1/2 and 1/2 cannoli better than what I coulda had anywhere in the area. Fantastic cannoliHad a little time to kill  before the Blue Man Group and needed something sweet to wash down the burgers and rings i had eaten earlier and having had the treats before it was an easy choice. Nothing beats an almond macaroon and a canolli.It's a great place to visit and watch the locals come and go. Places like this make this a great city to visit since i don't live here but wish i did!!!I wish I could give this place 10 stars - Brocato's makes me so happy! It's not just the delectable desserts, either - the friendly, homey atmosphere makes for a wonderful date night spot or a place to grab a coffee with friends. Plus Brocato's has firmly cemented itself as a New Orleans staple - my parents, who grew up in the 50's, fondly reminisce about getting strawberry ice or spumoni as an after-dinner treat.
Hands down, my favorite is the chocolate stuffed cannoli. They make these fresh when you order them! Which is particularly awesome because I always ask for extra pistachios. The spumoni is also awesome - it's like a gelato sampler. My gramma loves the baba rum cake, so I always grab her one of those. For real, Brocato's is absolutely one of my favorite places in New Orleans.I originally came here in search of legitimate gelato and was pretty much impressed. Brocato's gelato is very flavorful,  still a little heavy and a little sweeter than necessary, but overall it is pretty damn good.  The panna cotta and the fruit flavors are really stand out, as are the traditional flavors like hazelnut and fior de latte . (I suggest getting the panna cotta and the strawberry together). The real show stoppers here are the pastries, which are so beautiful and tasty.  I try to get something different every time I'm in. Even the little cookies (I am looking at you, almond macaroons) are something special, especially when enjoyed with the espresso.  I do think this espresso is out of this world; sometimes I stop in just for that.  This is really a fabulous place for sweets; we often take out of towners here after dinner for dessert.  It is casual, cute, and a nice place to get a bunch of different items for everyone to try.   I am not from New Orleans, but the quaintness of this place totally wins me over.  Highly recommended.Gelato and sorbetto that's worth a trip for. Fortunately, you can take the Canal Street trolley to Carrolton and walk a block-and-a-half to this is a beloved New Orleans business that's been around for over 100 years (and they have t-shirts that have that fact on them). There's a reason it's been around for that long: good products at a fair value. Evenings, this place is packed with a line going out the door. If you go earlier or later in the evening, there is a shorter wait but anytime it's worth it. Besides, life is too short and who's to say that you shouldn't have a little Brocato's before dinner?
Frozen treats aside, they also make an incredible almond horn that's the size of a horseshoe with almond paste inside pastry, covered with sliced almonds, and dark chocolate on the ends. On my previous trip, I brought one back for a friend at work to share with her mother; the next day, she said that it was so good, she would pay me to go back to New Orleans to get her another!
Well, everyone has to have a goal in life and so I'll have to try the Italian Ice sometime.What a lovely spot! The gelato's were good, but the real star in my book was the cannoli.I can't add much to the reviews that hasn't already been said. Amazing service, and everything is delicious. I wanted one of everything in the cases! We ordered tiramisu, spumoni, cannoli and baci gelato. Fiancé enjoyed the gelato the most while I loved the spumoni. It was a tough choice though since literally everything was delicious perfection. I most certainly will be back!This place is amazing. I was stationed in Italy for a couple years, and this is the only place I have found that has gelato like I used to get there. My wife got a cannoli, which was great as well. The fact that they didn't put the filling in until ordered was nice and definitely separates them from a lot of other bakeries.
It was pretty busy when my family and I went, but the line went very quick. If you're eating in keep an eye for open tables because they were constantly taken.
I will definitely return to try all the flavors and the coffee as well.When you see a line out the door at 9p at a little Italian pastry and gelato place, you know something special is going on inside. I'm lucky enough to live about two blocks away from this local gem, and it's never lost it's magic on me. When you get inside of A. Brocato's, you will immediately notice the smells of the authentic freshly prepared pastries and other delicacies put out daily. That will only make the experience of actually tasting their treats that much better. I typically don't get the pastries but go directly for the creamy and delicious gelatos. Their flavors are always exotic and delicious. Don't miss out on their rotating seasonally themed flavors. It's also one of the few places I'll actually sit down to eat too. I just like the atmosphere and looking around at the happy people. It's hard to frown when you're working on a sinful cream cannoli. A must try place!