Good atmosphere.  Pasta was way overcooked.  Certainly not al dente the way I like it.  Sauce was way too heavy-laden with cream.  But the service was friendly and attentive.  Laid-back bohemian atmosphere.Typical list when looking for food/Looking for food while intoxicated in the Quarter:
Vegetarian dishes: Check 
If no vegetarian specific meals, Pizza?: Check
Reasonable prices: Check
Open almost every time I've walked by: Check
There once was a thing called mimosas, and during Mardi Gras, those said mimosas sometimes got switched with vodka. Fast forward to lunch time during a brutal Saturday storm and we're strolling Frenchmen, soaked, starving and drunk, in search of food. We end up just past the rows of Jazz bars and in this fabulous dining establishment. 
Angeli has some of THE BEST pizza I've had and despite the rather interesting decor, I look forward to coming back here very, very soon.Amazing pizza at a reasonable price. I order from them at work from time to time, and have never been let down. The pizza has a good. homemade taste, and you can tell the ingredients are fresh. They also have really cool names, like The Lucifer Special and stuff like that.
I can't rate the inside as I have only had them deliver, but they are always fast and courteous when I call.
The best thing though, and the reason for the 5 Stars, is these folks get modern business. They take credit cards! YES, someone around here that actually wants to MAKE MONEY instead of turning off their potential guests by hanging on to the 1950's gold standard.
Try them out, you'll be glad that you did.*Update*
This USED to be my favorite restaurant in the world, but... I feel the magic is gone. Every time I visit NOLA, I come here, hoping to regain the loveliness of days long ago. But.... The menu's changed. And they don't have syrup anymore for me to put in my coffee (but the dude waiting on us remembered that I used to do that, so points, I guess?). The pizza's still decent, and there's still Lower Decatur people watching to be had, but it's just not the same. Maybe I should gather all my college friends and we should meet up here some night, then see if that does anything?PRE-KATRINA REVIEW!
Love love love this place.  Unique and tasty food!  Yummmmy!  Had the veggie burger where it is HOME-MADE (none of that frozen Gardenburger pass-offs).  Had the salad, but totally stole my friend's fries - SO GOOD.
I remember this portabella/spicy chicken appetizer dip, served with warm and chewy pita triangles.  SOOOO DIVINE!!!!  AHHH!
I love the atmosphere, it's really eclectic and totally all inclusive.  Yummy!Amazeballs, but not always the best service. This place has amazing pizza and cheese bread. I have ate here sober and drunk and both ways I love it. It stays open late which is nice when it is 1 in the morning and you are hungry for something other then what someone is selling on the street or krystal's.
The service here is not that great, but it is on a busy street in New Orleans. It is more of a dive-y place. If you want super clean bathrooms and super nice servers go to a more tourist-y spot.
Yes there is no split checks or separate payments. But I understand. They have it all over the menu so you won't be surprised when the bill comes. 
All in all this place is great. I can't believe all the reviews saying this place will never last. It has been open since  before Katrina, and it still amazing.Angeli is the requisite hip eatery on Decatur.  Now a veteran on the street, the food is above average and fairly priced, but you might have a hard time with the service.  Great place to people watch, or to sit and read on a stormy night.GO HERE.  NOW.  Nooope, wait, on second thought, don't.  Let's keep it our little secret.  A friend of mine went to NOLA last year for Jazz Fest, I couldn't even remember the name of the place or even if it was still open post-Katrina, but I found myself texting him directions to get there at 1:00 am.  It's just that ridiculously good.  The Divine Portabella--named that for a reason.  One of my favorite haunts when I lived in this most amazing of cities full of good food...The service is a little wonky late-late at night, but I guess that's to be expected.  The pizza is good, the hummus tasted kinda weird, but all in all, it consitently hits all the drunken-binge-eating spots.Our bartender (Lindsay) was amazing! Great food, great service! Can't wait to come backChill place with friendly waiters and delicious food. I love love love to grab some hummus and pizza.Back pre-Katrina, I used to get food delivered from here. It was usually cold and took forever, but the flavors were pretty good.
When I went in, the bartender was the nicest thing ever. So it made me forgive the less than perfect food.
It was always a bit grungy but comfortable.
I hope it has still kept that level of comfort. I should really go back sometime.
I loved the flat bread.i've been here twice- once for late night food after a night on Frenchman, and on Christmas Eve with my family who was visiting (our Christmas Eve tradition is eating pizza). The place was almost entirely empty, but it was Christmas Eve, so that wasn't surprising. Our server was really friendly. We got cheesey garlic bread, a couple of pizzas, and a few beers. My parents were really happy with our decision to go there. The food and service were both great, although be aware of their policy of not splitting checks or taking separate payments. It wasn't a problem for us, but groups of random people should probably know that.Angeli is a personal favorite of mine.  Open till 4am on the weekdays and 24hrs on Friday and Saturday, it's perfect for the end of the evening wind-down.  Old films are projected onto the wall behind the bar, and if that doesn't keep you occupied until your food eventually arrives, you can watch the rag-tag late night strollers walk past the windows.  Their pasta salad is divine (vinegary but with smooth flavor and chunks of tomatos and kalamata olives).  Both the Angeli Special and the Portabello Mushroom sandwiches are delicious.  Bring a cardigan, it's always freezing inside.A great restaurant for late night eating in the Quarter.  They have deliciously greasy food to coat the lining of your stomach with after an all night drinking session.
I think I'm addicted to their pasta salad.  Seriously good.
The place is low-key and has a nice atmosphere with great big windows for people watching on lower decatur.  Wait staff ranges from okay to great.... although that opinion is based on several years of eating here...
I usually get grilled cheese which is served on a nice bread with spinach dressing.  Yum.  The garlic bread is also another favorite of mine.  Cheap and delicious, just made sopping up alcohol.  But, no matter what I get, I've never had a bad thing here.I cam here for a class project and we had allllllllll differente types of pizze.  There's really no way that you can go wrong.  All of them were good.  A tad greasy but it's pizza! lol  Nice casual atmosphere inside also.This is also a great standby of the Quarter- a good place to go especially after a late night of drinking, or when you want a good solid food experience. 
The pizzas are really great.OMGness! if I was to start a restaurant, it would be exactly like this. I kept exclaiming with delite at every little detail!
gorgeous vintage interior- with lots of class & charm. 
projected movies on the wall, 
and yummy yummy hummus.
a haven for visiting veg-heads in New Orleans! Plus, it's right on Frenchmen Street so we checked out some live blues afterwards.I am absolutely appalled by the service I just received. Today I ordered a large cheese pizza and a can of Diet Coke and it came out to being $18. No issues, I understand everything is a lot more expensive in the Quarter. So he brings the pizza, calls (my phone happened to be on silent and I wasn't able to hear it) but just 3 minutes later I called him back and received no response. Finally, I call the restaurant to see that he left, after just 5 minutes, and was told "What did you expect, I would wait for you all night." At this point my family is starving and I just tell him to bring back the pizza. He brings back the pizza and I don't tip him based on the horrible service over the phone. I then receive a scathing text message about how I did not tip him. This just sent me over the edge, I call back the restaurant to speak to a manager, of course the manager happened to not be in yet. I then tell the waitress about my correspondence with the delivery man and she goes on to tell me off and hang up on me. Avoid this place at all costs, worst service I have ever experienced.Stopped in for  lunch on a recent cold day.  The food was great - we said we were hungry and the hummus came flying out (figuratively).
The sandwiches were VERY good, and the pasta salad was a very good side.  Prices were reasonable, but they do charge you for everything.
We asked for a little bowl of plain pasta for a 2 year old boy, and we were charged $6 for .30 cents worth of noodles.  Requested additional pitas for hummus set us back another $1.25.  With out being nickl and dimed, I probably would have given 4 stars.So I used to love this place, and don't get me wrong, I still love the food, but the establishment itself needs some work. I've enjoyed everything I've ever eaten from here in the past, and I've mostly had it delivered to me. But recently I went in to dine and had a not so pleasant experience. The service was not exactly friendly, and didn't pay much attention to us. The restaurant seemed pretty musty and not very clean. I didn't notice it until a few minutes after sitting down, but the restaurant started smelling like terrible body odor. We all know that smell and that's exactly what it was. We ordered our food and drinks and from then on I was nauseous. My girlfriend and I tried to rush through the meal, but could barely stomach it. We would've taken our food to go, but by that point, eating the food was even nauseating. Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be ordering from them again because of this experience.  I hope they make some changes soon.This place was great BEFORE the sorm, a local secret.  But now, it blows.  Overpriced and the quality of the food is very poor.  I have lived in NOLA 12 yrs and I will never go back, not even for a beer. It is a tourist trap!!!!The best sit down Pizza place in New Orleans French Quarter. My favorite is the chicken diablo, hot and spicy pizza sauce with tender chicken and peppers. The lucifer is next. The salads are big and great also.Oh my goodness this is some good pizza. We got the heavenly able veggie pie, and just amazing crust, fresh veg, and very very impressive. Nice atmosphere with big windows in a good people watching spot in the quarter. Also got the Cesar salad, which you can skip, it's nothing special. But wow, that pizza. Mmm.Angeli has been a fairly regular haunt of mine since they opened.  I didn't even live here then.  After driving down for some lower Decatur debauchery, I would always eat here.  However, it wasn't until last year that I tried anything besides the Divine Portabello.  I figured that the rest of the menu was probably great, but I just couldn't part with that mess o' divinity.  Finally, I decided to branch out and start seeing other dishes.  I still hope the Divine Portabello can find a way to forgive me.  So far, everything is pretty good to freakin' amazing with the exception of the Pasta Marinara, which is, apparently, a fancy way of saying "mediocre spaghetti."  The pizza is one of the best in the Quarter, and the Angeli Burger stands out because it's served on panini bread instead of the usual roll.  I ordered the burger with chips yesterday for a lunchtime delivery.  Whoever answered the phone seemed to think that "chips" sounded a lot like "pasta salad," but hooray for serendipity.  The pasta salad was excellent - almost certainly better than chips.  Let's hear it for deaf people answering phones!  Oh, right, they can't hear the applause.  Just wave to them.  In my humble opinion, they should dice the kalamata olives, though.  That way there would be an even olive flavor to the salad instead of several bites without olive and then a bite in which olive is all you can taste.  
However, my new favorite thing here is the Angeli Special sandwich.  Roasted red peppers make sandwiches awesome.  If this sandwich was a woman, I would have dirty filthy porno sex with it.  If I ever order one to go, who knows?  I just don't want to get arrested for public fornication with a sandwich.  The OPP regulars would tear me up for that one.  But it is that good.  
Since smoking was banned in restaurants, Angeli isn't too jumping as a bar anymore, but the food and drinks are still wonderful.  And if you're not into the whole "my lungs must be punished" scene (crazy fools, KOFF), Angeli is now a pretty relaxed place for drinks.  It just seems like it used to be more lively.
Overall, Angeli is a great place for affordable quality food.  Start with the Divine Portabello appetizer, then get yose'f an Angeli Special sandwich.  Your stomach will thank you.It took half an hour to figure out a messed up sandwich after everyone else had eaten. They messed up the bill. No service after the order was placed. Dead roaches on the floor. This place is horrible.I've never been in angeli's before midnight. This used to be my favorite after work spot when I waited tables in the quarter and would some nights work until 2am. Definitely quirky often there's an obscure film playing on the projector and the staff are quirky as well. 
The food is well priced and extremely good. They have great pizza, quite possibly the best in the quarter. Their sandwiches are top notch and they are served with some of the best pasta salad I've ever had. 
All in all even if it's not midnight I'd recommend Angeli's.My husband and I came here after someone recommended it for good pizza.  We decided after a night of drinking we would give it a try.  We walked over and were seated immediately.  The place was pretty slow at around midnight (I think?) when we went.  From what I recall, they have a good variety of items on their menu, but since we were told the pizza was good, that is what we ordered.  This place has some of the best pizza I've ever had! Who knew a place that serves all kinds of food could have such good pizza!!  I like pizza with a crust that is somewhat soft (not crunchy) and has a little substance.  Not super thick, but also not crepe thin.  The flavor of the dough and sauce were impeccable.  I think they're open til 1am, so it's a great, late-night eatery. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in N'awlins.The pizza is fantastic, as is the pasta salad. Great for people watching. Lots of options for vegetarians. No separate checks though.Wow, Angeli is nothing like it used to be.  It was absolutely empty on a Saturday at lunch time, which should have been a clue. But I went in anyway, I guess nostalgia drew me in against my better judgement.The food was subpar at best and totally prepared and not fresh at all.  The decor was also totally trashy; not interesting or funky like it used to be. I felt like I was looking at all of the trash they have hanging on the gates at Jackson Square for tourists to buy.  The waitress was friendly and attentive, but that's only reason I'm giving it 2 stars.Salad!!!!!! At last!!!! I had the worst time trying to find some vegetables while in N.O. So I was super grateful to find this place via yelp and see salad. this salad was one of the best salads I've had too. It was the Greek salad and I added chicken.  First of all the portion was huge!!! I had so much left over that I munched on later. It was very flavorful. The best part about this salad though was the dressing.  You must try the sun dried tomato dressing!!! His dressing was so good I tried to look up a recipe when I got home, I need to find this dressing it was so good.  I went in the pouring rain on a early Saturday two weeks ago, place was empty then idk why because that salad was on point.  Definitely one of the places I would return toI recommend this place to anyone! 
My boyfriend and I arrived here late on a Thursday night with the help of my iYelp, and after going inside to make sure they were open (very dark and not highly populated) we took a seat and began debating over the menu. 
Okay, I know it's not traditional to rate a soda, but these sodas were great. Very sweet. Very refreshing. 
After quite a bit of consideration and telling the waiter we STILL weren't ready (which he was very cool about) I decided on a sausage calzone and my boyfriend got the Angeli special sandwich with pasta salad. 
The calzone was HUGE! I was a bit concerned it would try to eat me! But, the crust was cooked to perfection. Crusty on the outside and soft and slightly gooey on the inside. Cheese poured out of this thing! It even was cooked with a little sauce (which I'm only used to coming on the side) so I didn't need the side of sauce they provided. I wish I could have tasted more of the sausage but the cheese did overwhelm it a bit. The sausage was good though! 
My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich but he couldn't stop talking about the pasta salad. It had pieces of mushroom and roma tomatoes and was a little tart. 
We even got some of their tasty soda to go!From the looks of it, it isn't promising. However, I had the Mediterranean Burger and my friend had the Portabella Mushroom Sandwich and they were both absolutely delicious! Don't judge a book by it's cover, go ahead and try their food p.s two burgers, a sandwich and a coke cost about $28! How good is that?When I lived in the Quarter this was my staple.  
Pita Points and hummus, french fries and a milkshake.  I'd come here and watch the movies late at night.  It seemed almost magical, not the healthy kind of magical, but just as good.Atrocious service, mediocre food. 
We stopped by for a late-ish dinner on a holiday. Though we were still about two hours before closing, the place was complete dead and my party were the only people in the restaurant.
However, despite that, the service was beyond terrible. First the waitress took our drink order (three Diet Cokes) that turned out to be flat. When we complained she indicated that other customers had complained prior but they didn't either check it out or warn us there was a problem. That began our service frustration.
We needed a fairly quick meal so we opted for sandwiches. Two of us had gyros and one had an Italian feast. The food was mediocre. The gyros had only one tiny slice of meat in each and were slathered with the cucumber sauce but the Italian Feast was actually pretty good. Pasta salad was also decent but the regular salad was lacking.
To be fair, I've had the pizza here before and it is better. But we didn't have time and were actually happy about how quickly the food came out, almost making me forget that the waitress had dropped the dog earlier.
However, when we went to pay (after nearly finishing our meal, we were told that they weren't accepting credit cards today that the reader was "not working" and that we'd have to use their ATM (with a hefty surcharge I have no doubt). We were not warned before we sat down, we double checked and there were no signs on the door and they proudly displayed credit card logos on the door (something we checked before going in). 
Unfortunately, this is a pretty common scam by restaurants, claim that the credit card machine is down to get the ATM surcharge and avoid paying card fees. Taxis do it too. While I assume that this was completely honest in this case (I had no problems in the past), the fact we weren't warned anywhere and the first we heard about it was after our meal means that, at the very least, it was incompetent service.
Fortunately, we were able to scrounge up enough cash to pay the tab. I've eaten here a few times in the past and had mediocre experiences, however, after this, I'm never coming back. The food just isn't good enough to justify this terrible of service.Craving pizza on out last night in New Orleans. Found this place and loved the pizza! The lucifer pizza was amazing! Great prices and good service. Definitely recommend this spot. Only problem was the short drink menu, but I wanted wine with my pizza, so a non-issue for me.Absolutely amazing food and friendly staff! Sandwiches and pizza are top notch!
Under new management over the last few months and they've done a world of wonders. Great prices and close to everything.Excellent excellent EXCELLENT food & service! Our waiter was really welcoming, really cool, really kind. He had a sleeve of some random tattoos that I enjoyed looking at. He had everything from popcorn to Tony the Tiger. It was past midnight on a weeknight when we ate here. There were only a handful of people here, which was nice because it was a break away from the chaos on Bourbon Street. I had pizza and one of the BEST caesar salads that I've ever had. My friends and I enjoyed looking at all of the art on the wall. It was very unique. Next time we are in NOLA, we might have to come back here! One last thing, don't bring your friend here if they get loud and obnoxious when they are intoxicated. Why? I noticed a section in the menu stating that 18% gratuity will be added to your bill, but I would say that's totally fair. Who wants to deal with an obnoxious drunk when they're just trying to do their job? I would imagine these people deal with that nonsense a lot, though. Anyway - highly recommend this place!I was in NOLA on business for 4 days and ate at Angeli twice.  Twice!  Before I left California, I was committed to breaking my commitment to vegetarianism for the sake of seafood in NOLA.  But thanks to hotel food and Angeli, I didn't need to (which may or may not be a good thing).
The sampler plate and pizzas were yummy at Angeli.  Good beer, good service, good times.  Very laid back pubbish environment.  Minus one star for the mouse we saw on the floor in the dining room.  !!  Total violation of the heath code, I'm sure.  My coworker told me not to alert management because - gasp! - they would surely kill it (which may or may not have been a bad thing!).  I don't care what they say about old cities and mice going hand-in-hand because mice belong in a snake's stomach, not the dining room of a restaurant!Let's start with the fact that I could eat Angeli's pasta salad everyday, all day. I actually googled to see if the recipe has been copied or posted anywhere online just so I could make it at home (no luck...help?).  
Everything I've ever gotten here has not only been delicious, but has really had a great homemade quality to it that makes me love it even more.  The grilled chicken is moist. The sandwiches are great. The pizza/calzone crust is chewy perfection, and the meatballs in the calzone are exactly as spicy as I like--I almost don't have to add crushed red pepper.
The Tequila Blues monstrosity just opened up across the street so it may be getting much busier...great for Angeli's, but I hope nothing changes!  I agree with previous reviewers that it's just a tad dirtier/divier than I would like, but if you eat here all of that is overlooked easily.
If you are in the quarter looking for a great casual meal, this is ALWAYS the place to go.  Now I need pasta salad.We stopped here for a bite to eat last minute to avoid the craziness on Bourbon Street, luckily we got sat right away. The servers were friendly but a tad slow on greeting us and taking a drink order. We ordered the pasta salad that everyone was raving about on Yelp, it was good but nothing exceptional. We also ordered a Caesar salad which was good and we shared the Chicken pizza. Overall an easy dinner night in New Orleans, not somewhere we would make sure to stop at each visit. There are many amazing food options around town. Would recommend if you want something super laid back, you don't appreciate the amazing Cajun New Orleans cuisine  or you have small children.Saw all the negative reviews but also noticed latest reviews showed improvement. Big mistake. Only ones in restaurant and food took 45 minutes. One of the employees cursed out the mgr or owner whoever he may be and walked out. Another person threw something into the window from outside and started cursing into the building. Party of 6 with all different food and none of us were impressed. Bad service! Inquired about food twice only to be ignored. Salads didn't show up, drink order wrong, and check took ten minutes due to her inability to end a conversation with coworker. Not to mention having to get utensils and napkins from other tables cause waitress never brought enough. As a local I have to say it was better before it was renovated and mgmt changed.  Not good! 5 never agains and a no way! :(We stopped here for late night dinner. This place is loud and grungy.
Food:
Spaghetti + meatballs: $10.25
Pizza - Small Lucifer special - pepperoni, sausage, ham, peppers, onions: $11.50
Honestly, they said the meatballs were spicy, but it wasn't just the meatballs. This dish was so spicy and salty, I couldn't eat it. :(I have a funny little story about why I love this place so much:
a friend and I were starving one night and found Angeli on the interwebs, decided to give their delivery a go. We ordered two entrees and some tiramisu. They dropped off our orders and once we got inside we realized that they forgot our dessert (that we paid for already, otherwise we wouldn't have cared)! So my friend called the delivery guy's number, and though he seemed surprised he was very nice and agreed to go grab our tiramisu and bring it to us. That, my friends, is some bad a** customer service! Thanks, bike delivery guy!
I came in here recently for my first eat-in experience and it didn't fail me. Yummy portobello peppery pasta, and my friend got a huuuge grilled chicken salad.
The food isn't groundbreaking or anything, but it's yummy and filling enough to fuel a day in the French Quarter. I don't think that you could go wrong eating here!Good pizza and quick service- granted we were the only customers in the place--it had just opened.  Would recommend for pizza lunchAngeli's is our second home. We visit once a week, and get the same thing every time. Me: Chicken sandwich, Pasta Salad. James: Grilled Cheese, Pasta Salad. The bill is always incredibly low. Sometimes we get cheese bread and the pizza has always been awesome. 
This is not a place to go for service. It's an experience, though. Expect hipster music on the radio and a geeky throwback movie being projected on the wall above the bar. The uniform for employees seems to be the inspiration for most of American Apparel's bad ideas. http://www.americanapparel.net/gallery/ The servers are a little standoffish and even rude sometimes, and have very little patience for ambiguity. Trust me, though, the food is consistent and awesome, and they are fast to bring it when they're not busy. It's also cheap, and that's not necessarily common in the Quarter. 
Angeli is open late, and really good for stumbling drunk off Frenchmen. For that noble purpose, it's as close to fast food as you'll find this side of town-- I don't think there is a McDonald's within walking distance of Bourbon Street. 
A couple other things they don't tell you at Zagat: I don't care if it's August 25th or January 3rd, the temperature in Angeli's will have you longing for your favorite blanket. It's always FREEZING. I consider this a solid bonus. Further, the people-watching out the huge windows onto Decatur street makes for better viewing than most summer blockbusters. We've seen some memorable things out Angeli's windows. 
Wholeheartedly, I recommend this place for non-foodies and tourists who want to take a break from fried food.So glad I found this place on yelp, but wish I would have found it sooner!  Great food for a great price and just across the street from the French market. I got there too late to be able to shop but this would make a great place to grab a bite to eat before or after shopping the market. Great meal for my whole family. Very pleased!Unfortunately the staff is very unfriendly in my dealings with them. I work at an establishment on Royal street in which there was a dispute over a food delivery being paid properly between one of our Owners  and a driver of theirs. The delivery driver cursed out the entire staff while customers were in our shop. Needless to say, they are assholes.OMG Amazing pizza - I can't remember the name but it had spinach, artichokes, and mushrooms on it.  Sooooooo good!  The decor was really cool too.  I heart this place and will definately go back next time I'm in New Orleans!Maybe you're in the mood for something non-Cajun. Maybe it's late and you need a midnight snack. Or maybe you just want some of the best freakin' hummus in the quarter. You go to Angeli's, eat your fill while watching some obscure film projection on the wall and leave smiling with leftovers in hand. 
For appetizers, Angeli's hummus really is the best. Kind of hard to screw up hummus (but I have!) but this stuff is really great and is served with warm pita and kalamata olives. Better yet, go for the sampler platter with the tomato spread and red peppers too. You could easily make a tasty vegetarian meal out of it. 
If you're in the mood for a sandwich, go for the Angeli's Special or the Italian Feast. They're both chock-full of deliciousness and come with a side salad or pasta salad. Both salads are dressed with the house vinaigrette which is so good I could almost drink it. 
Finally, if you opt for a calzone don't be a hog and order more than 3 stuffings. I got the chicken with mushrooms and bacon and it fed my boyfriend and me for two days.Thank goodness for Yelp while on vacation!! My boyfriend and I were looking for a good vegetarian friendly restaurant in the french quarter and came across Angeli's through a Yelp search. This place was great! So great that we ate there two nights in a row (and had the same waiter both times). The sandwich selections were great but we didn't end up try any of the pizza. We really enjoyed our dining experience(s). I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy meal that isn't a tourist trap with an exponentially long wait.Customer service at this place licks ballz! Driver wouldn't deliver. We even offered an extra tip. We called an hour later asking where our pizza at, guy hung up after he knew he was talking to the guys that didn't get their pizza. Don't know how their pizza taste but I wouldn't taste it now their customer service already left a bad taste in my mouth.Was visiting New Orleans with a group of friends, searching for a break from the hearty cajun/creole fare that we had been experimenting with all trip. Angeli On Decatur was a delightful change of pace. 
First of all, the service is helpful and friendly. The atmosphere is laid-back with tons of cool and quirky art work on the walls. I particularly loved facing out towards the large windows in the front of the restaurant. Great people watching lol!
We had: 
-Mystical Pizza: Gooey cheesey, meaty, deliciousness! Nice bits of crunchy red onion in there too for a contrast of textures
-Greek Salad: Refreshing and large portions!
-Pesto Pasta with Chicken: Wasn't blown away. The pasta was overcooked and the chicken was tough. Large portion
Take home point: We tried such a limited selection on the menu that I can't comment on their other offerings. But definitely get the mystical pizza when you visit!I never knew what Angeli was until last week.
Angeli is an interesting place. The clientele seemed to mostly be hard partying people trying to fill their bellies so they could consume more alcohol. That is in no way a bad thing, as everyone knows, good food helps you party longer.
The menu is different than most late night eateries and I chose the gyro with pasta salad. Apparently they are known for their pasta salad (what a thing to be known for), and it didn't disappoint. In fact, it was the best pasta salad I have ever had. The gyro was OK, but not great. I think I would order something different next time as long as it came with pasta salad.
Service at the bar was a bit slow, but the place was packed. I felt like the meal was a good value, but the gyro just wasn't very memorable.
I was glad to discover Angeli and will update my review after subsequent trips.I'm a little disappointed in the downhill slide the quality of the pizza has taken. I order a lot from them and the last few times we've had nothing but problems (nothing on half one time and dough fused to the box the last). I've said before that their pizza has been consistent, but I don't think I can stand by that any more.
I'm downgrading a star  based on my average of experiences (2's and 4's) because when they are good, they are good, but when they aren't...Sandwich plates were so tasty, the combinations complimented perfectly. Perfect portions of food, and pleasing environment.I live in the area known as "The Pizza Capitol of the World". You can't spit  without hitting a pizza place around here, and they are different in various ways, but you're hard pressed to find bad pizza in NEPA. So we've always found New Orleans to be lacking in good pizza places. But in a city known for its food, who cares if you can get a good pizza with so many other options right? Except that sometimes, you just crave pizza! 
Since we are spoiled by the multitude of amazing pizza places, we will never eat Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa Johns or Little Caesars. That would be like going to NOLA and eating at McDonald's or Subway. You just don't do it. 
But then we found Angeli's. Have walked by it many a time and a few years ago we finally decided to give it a try. We got the Lucifers special. It is sooo good! Love the hot peppers on the pizza. Crust is done just right and the sauce is tasty.  Service is quick and they can accommodate large groups. We've even done take out and our pizza was cooked to perfection.  
Typical folksy New Orleans decor., sit at a table by the windows for people watching.I've been here several times. I'm a vegetarian and this is one of my favorite place to go in the quarter. There are several options, which is a nice change.
I love their veggie buger. It's house made - Spicy black bean goodness. My husband really enjoys their portebella sandwich. 
The pizza is pretty tastey as well. 
Another plus is that they deliver. Which is great for the days I don't feeling swimming through tourist to get there.The Mediterranean burger is soooooooo good!!  I love the alternative/hipster vibe here. Pasta salad: delicious!!Food and service are both very average. Prices are resonable for the location.
They deliver! Plan ahead though because it may take an hour or so to get your food.Angeli is definitely one of my favorite eateries in NOLA.. and usually one of my scheduled stops if the drinks havent infected my sense of direction.  I would've given the place 5 stars, however, the feta triangles (phyllo dough with spinach and feta) dont have enough spinach. But other than that, everything is good on the menu, just about everything. The pizzas, arent your normal fare, super hearty/rich. Everything is pretty good, compared to the slop you can find at other places late at night. Don't miss out.Positive: We were looking to grab some pizza in the quarter, but not the gross slices on Bourbon St. Man, did Angeli hit the spot. This pizza was incredible and reasonably priced. We loved some of the original pizzas (we had the celestial chicken pesto and the mystic pizza) The crust was perfect, delicious; buttery and garlic. We still dream about it. A small (11') pizza is enough for one person. Small (5$) corking fee. 
Negative: Service was lacking. We weren't greeted at the door, we weren't seated by anyone, and the bill took a while to get. 
Overall: Great pizza, probably the best in the Quarter, and some of the best pizza we've had in a long time. A nice change from Creole/Cajun food. We'd highly recommend it.This place never lets me down...I've been frequenting this establishment for fifteen years and it always has cool servers, and delicious food way into late night in the bustling social scene of lower Decatur. "The Sampler" is not to be something to miss!!So let me preface this with we didn't get here on purpose. My wife and I were actually waiting to eat at Coops, but after an ungodly wait, we decided to move along. After a bit of wandering, we ended up here. 
We walked by the window and saw someone eating the most beautiful pizza crust we'd ever seen. That's when we knew where we were eating that night. 
We started with a grilled chicken salad, which was actually amazing all by itself. The chicken was amazing, and the greens and vegetables were all remarkably fresh. The dressing was made in house and was also delicious. 
Now onto the pizza!  The crust was just as exquisite as I previously mentioned. We got a large pie with pepperoni, black olives, mushrooms, and bell peppers. The mushrooms were fresh, which is a big deal to me. When you pulled off a slice, the cheese strings pulled for miles. It was mucho awesome-o!
All in all, great place!  A little pricey, but you're getting what you pay for.So after being away from my beloved New Orleans for a year and a half, I was psyched to go back to Angeli for one reason: Blue Cheese Burger. I get there, sit down and low and behold THEY WERE OUT OF BURGERS!!! :(
Seriously sad
I settled for the Feta triangles with spinach (AMAZING) and a grilled cheese and pasta salad. They were all delicoius. 
Get the burger, if they aren't "out of burgers".. yes I'm a little bitter.. Maybe next year!We had heard so much about Angeli's that I took my family there for lunch.  We were quite pleased with the food - especially the sandwiches (wonderful bread).  The hummus was good, but I think mona's is better.  The divine portabella was also decent, but "divine" is a bit of a stretch.
The atmosphere was good, some funky decor on the walls but nothing to write a novel about.  Service was average.
I will go back, next time I'm trying the pizza!This is my favorite lunch spot in New Orleans. They have a killer range of vegetarian options. I always opt for one of the three vegetarian sandwiches. The pasta salad is also the greatest pasta salad to ever exist. It's one of the best foods I've ever had. My girlfriend got the vegetarian wrap, which I'd never tried but it was delicious. I've also heard that the pizza is killer although I've never tried it. Angeli was the first truly great food spot I found in New Orleans. I would recommend this place to anyone, from the long time New Orleannian and first time tourist. Whenever I have a friend come to town I always take them here for lunch or dinner whenever we spend a day in the quarter.So unfortunately an old standby of mine has taken on new ownership and I am not pleased. I gave it a break at first while they waited to get a new liquor license when they first opened and got their wings. But the service (although it was never stellar) is simply horrible and the food is no longer good and the pricing is a tourist trap. Once a local joint is now a tourist trap and I won't be back. I ordered a calzone which was $10.25 (perfectly reasonable)  I opted to added some ingredients which were not priced on the menu (spinach, artichoke and sundries tomato). When the food arrived 50 minutes later (and let it be said I believe I was the only customer who ordered food) I was charged an additional $9.25 for the 3 toppings In my calzone (double the price of the item). And on top of that I didn't see the toppings in the actual calzone.   It took me asking 4 people until someone would talk to me about it and she took off the spinach which u pointed out had 2 leaves of spinach in the entire meal (cut in 1/4). So 1/2 leaf of spinach for $2.25. I didn't see much of anything else besides cheese they still charged me for everything but the spinach. I have never been anywhere were they double ur calzone price for adding 3 toppings. And beyond that the quality was not good. I came here for years before it got sold and loved it. A layed  back local joint that catered to locals is now targeting tourist and doesn't care about any of the locals or their opinions. I won't be back and honestly depressed what they turned this establishment into.Excellent salads and hot and cold pasta, and their hours can't be beat. Frequently showing weird movies with the volume off.I'm so sad! I went and got my usual, and the hummus tasted a bit like plastic.  Something was off about the pizza, too.  And there was no longer a cocktail menu.  When asked about the bar offerings, our server stated that they have "beer, wine, and liquor, but not many options of each." The ambiance seemed different as well, but that could have been a result of my displeasure with the rest of the experience.Food was good, some of the best in the Quarter  but the service makes it not worth the visit. If I wanted elitist snobs I would have stayed in Los Angeles.The best sit down Pizza place in New Orleans though I havnt been in a while and there have been some new places that have popped on to the scene. My favorite is the chicken diablo and from what I recall the salads are great too.I've always gotten good food here ... prices are reasonable - the few times I've had pizza delivered, it was prompt, and hot.  It's one of my fave places to go when getting together with a lot of friends.  Plenty of room and an atmosphere, you can talk and be heard..I LOVED my time in New Orleans, don't get me wrong. The people, the vivacity, the music.
But after day 4, the thought of eating another cajun or creole style meal began to wear on me.
Enter Angeli.
It was the most perfect intervention ever. Healthy pizzas, organic sandwiches, hearty salads. No local spices, no jambalaya, no seafood doused in cayenne pepper. Just grilled meats, fresh breads and FIBER in the form of uncooked veggies! Yes!
The decor is insanely eclectic and would make your most native San Franciscan double-check her surroundings. Yep, we're still in NOLA, it just feels like we're in Lower Haight. Post modern murals plastered on the walls, along with loads of NOLA-centric artwork. I loved it. Even better was the BEST electro-pop mixes I have heard in a long time, playing overhead. I swear one of the songs was Jay Z with Duran Duran. Plus the service was AMAZING - fast, to the point and friendly.
Anyway, if you need a break from the typical stuff, this is your best bet. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!I work downtown so I order in most days. This place always gets it right, and the food taste great. Service is usually pretty speedy too. I have tried several different things on the menu and have yet to find a bad dish.Just looking inside you might be scared away because it doesn't look like much, but the pizza was actually quite good. 
The wait staff was really chill and laidback too.Been here a few times. Disappointed every time. I  think this place tries to hard to be hip and cool and looses touch with ingredients that make this type of food great.The food here is good, however it is not consistent. Some times it is better than others.
My main problem is with the hipster wait staff. I ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad, cost about $9 which is ok for the size. I handed the hipster waiter who never checked on me a twenty dollar bill, he had the audacity to ask "Do you need change".....really made me want to leave no tip.
Rude service. Food is sometimes great other times just ok.Food was ok, ambiance was poor and the bathrooms were deplorable.   Will not go there again.This place was really good. We stopped in after finally making a decision about where to eat and we're not disappointed. The portions are pretty large and easy to share. We ordered the garlic cheese bread, chicken chef salad, and the pesto pasta with chicken.  
All of the food was good and our bill was only $34