3.5 Rating but if I had to round off my review then up is where I'll take it without a 2nd guess
First, the Cons: It's not really a 24hr spot, and yes I found that out the hard
way with a full on hardcore crave, so call ahead of time for the hours.  Second, they don't serve French toast which
is personally my favorite and how can you do breakfast with no French Toast.
Fair Warning: It's a cash only establishment but they do have an ATM in the diner.
The Pros: A healthy amount I must say. My usual are grill chicken with Grits, and a waffle which all does a stomach good. They are good with altering specials, also the place just seems real. So, actually there's not much to say about this place, but only that it's good, not a chain, and they deserve your business.Boy this place awesome.  THEY TCB! Take Care Of Business.  The food is delicious.  It smells delicious.  The aroma of a steak and seasoned omelets slaps you across the face when you walk in the place.  It reminds me of my mommy house. That good aroma just like home. I just hate that it takes so long for food, but if my food gonna be the bomb I will wait. Lol. I had grits and cheesr, , d & d smoke sausage ,  and a biscuit.  Creamy grits, and crispy smoke sausage just the way I like it. Just time to prepare it takes so long. I feel like I've been waiting for ever. But o enjoyed my meal so I can't complain!This is my favorite breakfast place, HANDS DOWN. The only downside is that the hours seem unregular and I still can't find when they open or close.Worst service ever. Will never return. Bacon, eggs and bacon 40 minutes later and nothing. Don't ever come here.Google best breakfast in New Orleans and Anita's came up. It was well worth the trip. Great food and welcoming atmosphere. Great price with big portions.If I could give this business no stars I would as well.. Listen to this, my wife called this place and placed an order 30 minutes before I arrived and when I arrived there I stood at the checkout counter alone with 5 other customers behind me for about 15 minutes before any of the staff acknowledged us to help us. When they finally ask me what could they do for me a random employee interrupts and screams "NO THEY ARE NOT NEXT , the people over to the right of us are next" now doing all of this time there was this old lady employee going off on the cook screaming " where is my toast where is my toast, my toast burnt" this was so uncomfortable I thought they were going to start fighting. 5 minutes later they ask me again what can they help me with so I told them and they replied " oh we gotta drop u some toast. As I begin to pay with my bank card, the cashier tells me we only accept cash... I said WHAT!! Where is the sign, OMG!! Y'all a 5/8 sign was on this post all the way in the back of the business. I didn't have any cash and that sign should have been at the checkout counter.. This is by far the worst business I've ever encountered..OMG!!!!!!!! PLEASE TRY.... if you are a out of towner please go here. Went for breakfast almost everyday I was there. I had fried catfish and grits. The next day I had fried pork chops and grits. This brought me back to my child hood... for all my coffee lovers better than McDonald's. This place is reasonable and  you  see your food getting cooked right in front of you. If you are looking for a place to soak  up all the fish bowls  and hand grenades this is it... good comfort food for the soul.... ohhh btw the biscuits are addictive....The food was good, but I was a little nervous eating b/c the place was a little dirty.This place is super cute. It's like eating at your Grandma house. You can tell the staff has been here awhile. They pretty much know everyone who walks in. The service is good. Very homey type diner. The food was really good as well. Tasted homemade! I will def be backBeen looking for my regular breakfast spot and I think I found it. 
Food is awesome...the atmosphere friendly and the folks that run it...just want everyone to have a great experience.Great HOLE in the wall restaurant that has been here for at least 30 years... same staff since the 80's (says my mother) .. the food is cooked fresh right in front of you at a grill!  Please try the steak and grits... the steak is has the perfect amount of seasoning. .. the grits and soooooooo creamy. .  You can Thank me later!!!I cant say it was good or bad food. Basically just down the middle. I always get turned off of a place that used what appears to be the cheapest type of generic cheese. Sloppy slices of cheese thrown on top of grits or omelets just isn't my thing.From the time we stepped I could smell how good the food was if that makes sense. The customer service was great. Our waitress was on us as soon as we stepped in which I loved. I ordered grits/eggs/and chicken my mom had a ham omelette which was huge and she loved it. I enjoyed my food also and the laughter and vibe of Anita's. I'll definitely come back here whenever I visit New Orleans. Good people and good food...Favorite place in New Orleans for diner-style breakfast. Service is always attentive, but the place can get crowded, so give them some time if it's a full house. The food doesn't come out as fast as Waffle House but it's 10x better and worth the wait. My partner typically gets the Liver and Eggs, and I prefer the Fried Chicken Strips, 2 Eggs and Hashbrowns. I've also heard friends rave about the Hamburger Steak and Gravy. Also, keep an eye out for the daily specials (red beans, white beans, etc.), lots of food at a moderate price.My first time in NOLA and we asked our Uber driver for a recommendation for a place for breakfast. He said "if we wanted some real down home food" Anita's was the spot. Was not disappointed. The place felt homey, grits, bacon, and eggs was delicious. My friends went back for breakfast the next morning.THE WORLD FAMOUS ANITA's! ...or so the sign claims. While I wouldn't go as far as saying it's world famous, it's not too shabby. It's a typical diner with diner food. It's close to Tulane and LSU medical center and the sign says it stays open 24 hours, which bumps it up to 4 stars because there are not many places in the area open all night. I had a hot roast beef po' boy which was really quite delicious. I'll definitely be frequenting Anita's if it is in fact open all night on those late night study sessions.Better since Katrina. Several people in my inner circle really love Anita's, I find it to be average. I have only had breakfast here and to be fair it's always been good, but just that, Good. They were open 24 hours prior to the storm and it seems they have renovated some which improves my overall opinion of the place. The portions are big and they will prepare any item to your liking.The place was packed, So I may be the odd man out.  Took forever for someone to take my order then when I got my food there was a hair in it.  Pancakes were heavy and greasy. 
BUT, like I said it may have just been me on that day, as there was not an open seat in the place. I'll check it out again in a few more months.I ate at Anita's for breakfast this morning.  I thought the food was excellent.  How do people learn to cook like this. I loved everything about it. It's an authentic HITW. Just go in,  find a seat, eat. Then go back to the hotel and falk asleep.(zzz). My waitress Dwanna was the bomb.com. will go back!First time visit...I wasn't overly impressed. The food wasn't bad, but it honestly did not "WOW" me. The server was friendly.They only accept cash, but there is an ATM located inside. Maybe I didn't order the dish they are famous for. I'm not really sure if I'd ever go back. I was pleasantly surprised there was off street parking.Service was horrible!. It took about 30 minutes to get our order taken and an  hour to get our food. People who sat down after us, received their food before we did or got their food at the same time we did. Once we received our food, the order was wrong. When we asked to get it corrected, the waitress acted as if it was our fault that she took our order down wrong.  End result,  the food was okay, but not good enough to endure the poor customer service and pay 30 bucks for two people to eat breakfast. There are far too many options in New Orleans to eat breakfast,  but please don't make this one of them  because I defintely will not.Great breakfast diner. we had the liver and eggs and sausage and eggs. Cheap and generous portions and great service!I haven't tried a lot of things on the menu because the first time we went there in 2009 we had the pancakes. The PANCAKES! A thing of beauty and perfection. I don't know how they get them to be cake-y and crispy around the edges at the same time, but I love them. It's not really 24 hours as the sign would have you believe, but this is the case with many places that were 24 hours pre-Katrina. Between 2009-2010, we tried various things, but this was our go-to spot for breakfast when we wanted some of those magical pancakes.I'll keep it short.
Food: it was ok. Not bad not the best.
Place: small, gets crowded and stays crowded.
Service: kinda slow. They need to hire more people to help. 
Price: reasonable 
It's CASH ONLY BUT has an ATM inside with a ATM fee of $3.00Visiting from Houston; breakfast was excellent. I elected to try the fried chicken as well. Fried fresh!!!Food was awesome but the service not so much. Waitress was rude as well as the rest of the staff. Won't be going backGetting a COVID booster at the downtown New Orleans VA musta given Ric and appetite. So we crossed the street and stopped at Anita's on Tulane. The gal who greeted us was also our waitress. Furthermore, she did the safe distance guidelines and protocol with such a sweet attitude! (Other eating places could learn from these ladies). The three staff members out front keep it running. I had the sausage biscuits... yumm.  And Ric, being a ham and egg kinda guy..well.... So if you're in the nabe, do stop by.Best breakfast you'll ever come across. This place is a staple in New Orleans... my fave is the liver and onions it's soooooooooo good yummy!!So this place definitely hit the spot after a long night of drinking and partying. The building reminds you of a Waffle House or a classic diner but has more of a Mom and Pop family vibe. They serve breakfast all day as well as southern staples fried chicken, fried fish and fried pork chops. 
I had the the eggs Home fries with eggs and cheese with bacon I also had pancakes. I highly recommend the pork chops also.I have very mixed feelings about this place. On the one hand, it's warm and inviting and smells great inside. The women working there are very sweet and welcoming. The grill cook even dances as she works. juggling all the orders like magic...
On the other hand, my breakfast came up to 17 bucks because of all the hidden up-sell charges. Also, the ingredients, while handled beautifully, were of very low quality. The steak was one of those super cheap sorta steaks where they use meat glue to make it look like one piece of meat. It comes in it's own little sleeve and is really not a good piece of meat. But the woman spiced and cooked it perfectly.
The hash-browns (Which I got charged extra for even though I didn't specifically order them) were actually kind of like home fries but smooshed together until they resembled mashed potatoes that were crisped up. Tasty, but I told the woman taking my order that I just wanted what the meal came with minus grits.
They don't even make their own biscuits anymore. A shame. 
The coffee was good and strong and kept full my entire time there. But I would go back simply because the staff, while a bit shady with the up-selling, were really sweet and accommodating.Omg this place has horrible service the workers are rude and are not concerned with your needs I sat at a table 20 mins and never was greeted and when I did get greeted they took forever to take my order I decided to leave don't eat here if you expect good attentive service and not to mention the prices are ridiculous.First time to visit and I'm hooked! We walked in and were seated by the delightful Ms. Diane, who gave us our menus and treated us like royalty. I I
IMMEDIATELY spotted, "Liver and eggs." I quickly read the description while hoping against hope that it was what I thought...SCORE! Traditional liver and onions with 2 eggs and grits!! Delicious!! Acvording to our wonderful Ms. Diane, that is Anita's signature dish. Can't wait to go back!!Short but sweet review.  Great old school hole in the wall cash only cafe in the heart of New Orleans
Great place to people watch and try and understand the locals that are packing the place yucking up the days events.Food is decent. Service is crap. Employees started arguing in front of everyone. Bad communication between cooks and waiters.If I could give this place no stars I would. Me and 5 friends visited this spot this past Saturday while visiting town. They had a time issue it took 45 minutes for 2 pcs. of chicken and 1 waffle . Then mid meal a roach crawls over from the kitchen side of the counter between my and a friend and then on to my friends plate. The staff made my friend pay for half of her meal because they said she eat almost half and I was charged full price. Luckily a nice guy paid for the abandoned my I left sitting at the counter (I refused to sit back down.). 
To Mgmt....YOU REALLY MADE US PAY?!?!? I HOPE YOU FIGURE THINGS OUT  BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE ALMOST CHOKES ON A ROACH!!!!Good cash only, old greasy where the ladies behind the counter know everyone sitting opposite them. 
Ordered the hamburger steak and eggs and hash browns with onion gravy. Probably insanely unhealthy and it put my to sleep for the day (which was the point because I had to work night shift).
The place keeps odd hours being open daytime during the week and til the early morning hours on the weekend. Despite their hanging sign saying 24 hours. 
This is one of the restaurants that helps service some of the hospital crowd and like I said, The people behind the counter were friendly and knew a lot of the clientele. To the point where they were asking after family and personal matters they had obviously discussed st recent visits. It had been awhile since I had visited and while they looked at me like a new face, they were incredibly friendly and pretty efficient. I was in and out of there in as much time as I needed.The food was delicious. Ordered breakfast, Grits and Eggs, bacon, toast and coffee. Everything was tasty, service with a smile. Parked out front, not sure if there is additional parking out back.We arrived in New Orleans early & Anita's was the suggested restaurant to get a good breakfast. Upon arriving it instantly reminded me of Waffle House. Everyone in my group ordered the Chicken & Waffles i was the only one who chose white mean instead of strips. The waffle was exceptional it tasted the the batter was homemade. The chicken batter was exceptional however, once i ate the batter off, the meat tasted spoiled & it had a strange smell to it underneath the batter so i stopped eating it. I ate a strip from someone in my group & wished i would have gotten the stripe instead. I let the waitress know but by then i was full. The waffle pretty much filled me up & i had lots of coffee since our flight was early. Everything was great.Such an awesome find because it's not far from where I live! Some of the best fried chicken and waffles I've had in a long time!!! The hash browns were delicious as well! The service was great and everyone was smiling and having a great time! We went super late night but it wasn't super crowded even though people were coming and going! I can't wait to go back and get the fried chicken again!!!!Excellent food. Roast beef poboy was on point. Great, friendly staff and service and a pleasant dining atmosphere. Definitely not a tourist trap, just great food. I will definitely eat here again.Perfect breakfast spot. Food was delicious. Very casual
Cash only. Southern cooking at its finest.I eat here every once and awhile, it's a great place with great food, comfortable food for a good time. When you're at Anita's you feel like you're at home!! I definitely recommend the experience. :)The pre-Katrina Anita's was a classic, iconic New Orleans diner. The food is still the same but the place got a generic makeover, unfortunately.  The old jukebox that always played 70's era funk and r&b is gone. So are the old men who sat next to it dressed to the nines in colorful suits and matching Stetson hats. The jukebox probably didn't survive the floodwaters but it would be worth replacing.Was recommended by a family member BUT I must say she must not know what caliber of a pallet that we posses. So when you walk in, you better fend for yourself to find a seat because you will be standing there looking lost. Ordered a Western Omelet and pork chop, eggs, and hash potatoes. Had no idea how long it would take but had to imagine a long one. So our food finally came and the pork chops was dry and under seasoned. Yaull know better than this! The cook was hacking and coughing all over the grill but what the hell....the heat will kill it! Oh wow toast finally showed up and I didnt know how to act. Omelet was moist and good which earned 4 stars until it was time to pay. What is Browns for grits? There is two charges added on my receipt for this and one , I  didnt order any grits,  and two, I dont like gravy. I didnt order this and sure enough she took her tip! $1.70 all for you.Super impressed to with their adherence to the CDC guidelines to make me feel safe! I was graded as soon as I walked in the door and they took my order right away after they took my temperature and required that I wear a mask. They also had me sanitize my hands and sign my name into a book. Not really sure why I had to sign my name into the book but I'm OK with it and the friend chicken was very tasty!!I went there yesterday and had the steak and eggs that was good. The steak was seasoned right, they have not lost a step since before the storm. I love good food and great prices, every time I come back home I'm trying to go there to get something to eat, the staff is good & nice I love itThis always our spot after hangin wit friends omelette n grits is life friend love they gravy wit anythingThis is a great diner for really good breakfast,  good talks,  and amazing atmosphere. The pancakes and hash browns were seriously on pointIt's an old school diner. Think Waffle House, but more authentic. I ate eggs, ham, grits and toast w/coffee. It was perfect. Nobody is in a hurry so just relax and enjoy your coffee w/ the paper and listed to the locals talk about football etc. I would definitely come back.  It's great to see shops like this still in business. It's real Americana. Be polite and mind your manners....your grandparents work here. "Yes ma'am...No ma'am...please and thank you".  Enjoy.I'm going back...PERIOD! The biscuits are a must. So are the pork chops. Oh yea, and the coffee. The grits n ribeye I can live without. Be prepared to get a dose of that southern hospitality.Great food always have to stop by when I visit
Great service and great people.Always a smile and a good conversation.We are at Anita's Grill on Tulane Ave. this is a grandma and grandpa place where everything is cooked to order. It's worth the time to come and have a great breakfast or lunch experience!Just stopped in for breakfast. Good simple food, fast service and very friendly staff. Estelle was my waitress and very friendly and outgoing!Good, old fashion breakfast menu. The liver was a little overdone, and my over easy eggs were as well. Everyone else's food was tasty and well executed.Best place for down south cooking and southern hospitality. My hubby and I are here the weekend before Christmas. The portions are generous and the food is delicious! I had 3 breakfasts from my one plate. My favorite item is the smothered potatoes. I highly recommend and will be back!Yum, yum, yum! A great spot to come in for breakfast. We came in right off the flixbus from Texas. I had the steak and eggs and it was lovely. The three women working were very busy but were on top of everything and I don't have a single complaint about the service. Food was awesome, especially the hash browns. If you're in the area come check it out!I just moved into the neighborhood Anita's is three blocks from my house. I had heard good things about Anita's so I thought I would give it a try yesterday I went had breakfast there got a booth was treated like a king coffee stayed filled and the waitress was very attentive I had eggs and grill pork chops with grits toast food was fantastic got a side of hash browns don't recommend not your classic hash browns shredder and crispy but like boil potatoes throw on the grill for a minute not very good. All in all very good experience great food great service look a $5 tip on a $19 bill. Today I went back standing room only could not get a booze sat at the counter waited 20 minutes for someone to even acknowledge me in the meantime three ladies came in one carrying a baby carrier and I had a seat on either side of me so I gave up my seat so they could sit at the counter. Finally I found an empty counter seat and waited another 15 minutes to get acknowledged finally I had to stop someone and say hey can I get waited on and I could tell she was frazzled and was very busy but her response to me was hey I'm trying to wait on people wait your turn I tried to explain that I had been waiting my turn for many many t turns. she asked me what I wanted and I told her I would like a cup of coffee and look at the menu she left in a huff brought me the menu 10 minutes later and ask me now what I told her she didn't need to be rude and that all I wanted was to have breakfast she replied I'm not being rude but can't you see I'm busy and my reply was yes I can see you're busy all I want to do is spend my money and have breakfast so if it when it's convenient for you please take my order and bring me my coffee took another 10 minutes for me to get my coffee and hold on she was being very nasty then Fed up I told her the God is watching and if she cannot do the job that she is paid to do maybe she should look elsewhere then all of a sudden the service got a lot better the food is always was great her attentiveness increased and in the end even though it wasn't as good as my first experience I still left a $5 tip on a $20 ticket. So all-in-all Anita's on Tulane avenue New Orleans four stars 4 thumbs up the food is fantastic the service if you work with them can be good too I recommend Anita's. Who Dat go SaintsGood food. You gotta wait for the waiters they take Forever to place your order. But overall I always come back. Ain't nothing like a good ole southern diner! It get packed on the weekend mornings so be prepared to waitSmall family owned restaurant . Food was just ok . I got a recommendation from a friend. I had the pork chops with fries and a salad. The salad only consisted of shredded lettuce, a tomato and 3 pickles. There is nothing memorable about this placeThis place was an awesome find for breakfast! The kitchen is out in the open and it was like 3 grandmas were cooking for their families simultaneously. My chicken and waffles and grits were delicious and everyone enjoyed their entrees: steak and eggs, omelet, and liver and eggs. The service was incredible and I never saw the bottom of my coffee cup! One drawback was the ladies bathroom was dirty...but 10/10 would go back!We enjoyed every second at this restaurant. The staff was amazing and you know your back home when people walk in and speak or just say good morning. Food was delicious, staff was prompt and funny, if your new going just follow the driveway on the side for parking.This was the best most organized restaurant I have ever been!! The mature women were awesome and ran it like a well oiled machine!! The food was authentic southern cuisine. Pork chops and grits were my favorite. Everything is good though. Highly RecommendI have been coming here for breakfast for over 25 years.  I used to recommend it to people.  Lately they are running a booming carry out business.  The phone rings constantly and orders are taken while a dozen in house customers sit being ignored. I have had to give up and walk out the last couple times I tried to eat here. I always tipped around 30% in the days when I could place an order. 
They can make phone in carry out orders top priority if they want to but most people don't tip much when they pick up their own food.  Seems like a foolish business choice to me.
If you are determined to eat here, bring your cell phone and call in your order while you're walking in or waiting (and waiting...) to get someone to notice that you want to spend money here.
Or if you are really hungry you can do what I did today and go down the street to Los Catrachos and get grilled skirt steak and scrambled eggs and fresh house-made tortillas.  You'll be finished eating before anyone at Anita's would have taken your order.Amazing service. COVID19 procedures were in place. Temperature check and sanitation upon entry. Seating area cleaned in between costumers. Food was seasoned to perfection.Must stop there for breakfast!  Had scrambled eggs, ham and grits. Was excellent,  hit the spot, along with awesome cup of coffee.The chicken and waffles was good, I liked the chicken , crispy and yummy. Wish it didnt come with a serving of hair (like 6 of the ) and the service is slow and disinterested. However the chicken was excellent.